Jesse Marsch has wasted no time in marking his own stamp on his Leeds United squad after keeping the Yorkshire side in the Premier League last season. And ahead of his first game of the season against Wolves in August, the Leeds boss faces a tough choice in selecting his team after making six summer signings. The American coach knows that the hard work is only just beginning as they prepare to head into the new 2022-23 campaign, having lost two of their key players and integrating half a dozen new arrivals into the squad. But games against fellow mid-table sides like Wolves, especially so early in the new campaign, must be treated as winnable if they are to finish higher this season. Kalvin Phillips and Raphinha have both left the club for Manchester City and Barcelona respectively in deals that earned Leeds around £100million in guaranteed fees. But far from putting the money away in the bank, Marsch has been busy lining up deals to replace the duo and improve other areas of his squad. With his inside knowledge of the Red Bull trifecta of clubs in Austria, Germany and the United States, it is hardly surprising that the 48-year-old has raided those clubs to sign three of his six new players. Brenden Aaronson and Rasmus Kristensen have been brought in from his former club Salzburg for a combined £43m. READ MORE: Leeds chief Orta 'in talks to sign Mata' on free transfer Aaronson, a talented 21-year-old playmaker in midfield, will likely replace the more defensive Mateusz Klich to inject some more creativity in the centre of the park. He is likely to be partnered by Tyler Adams, his fellow USA international who made his name with New York before moving to their parent club RB Leipzig in 2019. Adams has been drafted in as a direct replacement for Phillips in a £20m deal and the 23-year-old is highly regarded in his home nation due to his athleticism and ability to get between both boxes. Given their midfield partnership for the USA on international duty, it will be interesting to see if Marsch utilises the pair as a double pivot to maximise their effectiveness at club level. DON'T MISSBarcelona 'seal Raphinha deal' despite financial turmoilLeeds warned over 'dangerous' transfer policy following £95m spreeLeeds United may be thwarted in De Ketelaere transfer pursuit The obvious successor to fill the void left by Raphinha is Colombian winger Luis Sinisterra, captured from Feyenoord in a £25m deal. While replacing the Brazilian’s haul of 11 goals last season will not be easy, Sinisterra was involved in contributing 19 goals for the Eredivisie outfit last season with 12 goals and seven assists. Marc Roca and Darko Gyabi are expected to play a squad role rather than be thrown into the first team. Roca, who was acquired for £15m from Bayern Munich, was a mere bystander for the Bundesliga champions last season, while teenager Gyabi needs time to adjust after being snapped up from Manchester City. Leeds are still looking to make new signings in attack, with their pursuit for Club Brugge star Charles de Ketelaere still ongoing. The Belgian, 21, is valued at around £30m by his club and while he is keen on a switch to AC Milan, it is not out of the question that Leeds can pull off a deal in time for the start of the season. Given that the forward can play anywhere across the front three, it is likely that he would replace Daniel James in the starting XI if he signs on the dotted line. Patrick Bamford, who scored 17 goals in the 2020-21 campaign under Marcelo Bielsa, will surely spearhead the attack providing he can prove he has left his injury woes behind him. Leeds’ potential starting XI against Wolves: Meslier; Kristensen, Llorente, Koch, Firpo; Adams, Aaronson; Sinisterra, Rodrigo, De Ketelaere; Bamford.