The Duchess joined the 1851 Trust during a visit to the Great Britain Sail Grand Prix in Plymouth, billed as the "most competitive racing on water". During her visit she met with young people taking part in the trust's activities to promote sustainability and get a taste of the speed and skill involved in the SailGP, a global racing championship. Kate, who carefully removed her engagement ring before getting in the boat, joined the British racing team on their F50 catamaran in a friendly 'Commonwealth Race' vs Team NZ with Olympic Champion Sir Ben Ainslie. The race took place ahead of the official final day’s racing, with Great Britain taking on UN Patron for the Ocean Lewis Pugh alongside Peter Burling and Blair Tuke on the New Zealand F50, with live commentary in the official SailGP fan village - with Kate's team emerging victorious. Speaking beforehand, Sir Ben said: “She’s a really good sailor in her own right, she has sailed with me on foiling boats as well and we’re expecting a little bit of extra help, given she’s sailed across the Atlantic." Kate was earlier pictured in a nautical blue and white long sleeved top, with a pair of white shorts. Royal commentator Victoria Arbiter described the royal as "The Royal Family's very own Sporty Spice". She tweeted: "All eyes will be on the Duchess of Cambridge tomorrow as she takes on #NewZealand in high-speed head-to-head." Writing about Kate's passion for sport in Honey magazine, Ms Arbiter said: "From the London 2012 Olympics, where she served as a Team GB Ambassador, to her annual appearances at Wimbledon, her presence at last year's Euro Championships and her attendance at the XX Commonwealth Games in Glasgow in 2014, she's proved to be far from a fair-weather fan." Kate has long had a visible passion for sport and has used her platform to highlight a number of sporting endeavours. Earlier, Kate's daughter Charlotte wishes the Lionesses - England's women's football time - luck in a video message alongside her father Prince William. In the 10-second video message with his daughter, William said: "We both want to wish the Lionesses the best of luck for tonight. "You've done amazingly well in the competition and we are rooting for you all the way." Charlotte, sat beside him, said: "Good luck, I hope you win. Bye". (More to follow)