As the nation's head of state, the power of appointing prime ministers lies solely with the Queen. Prime Minister Boris Johnson, the Queen's 14th PM, is widely expected to resign today (July 7) after facing intense pressure in recent days from his Cabinet and Tory MPs. So with the prospect of the Queen welcoming a 15th prime minister in her Platinum Jubilee year, Express.co.uk looks back at the Queen's relationship with her prime ministers over the years.  Since she ascended the throne in 1952, the Queen has appointed 14 prime ministers to form a government in her name.  READ MORE: Royal Family: Meghan ally savages Charles over 'suspicious' plot While the Queen is a politically-neutral figure, the monarch was thought to have had a lot of respect for her first-ever PM, Winston Churchill, who was an ardent monarchist. When Mr Churchill resigned in 1955, the Queen reportedly penned a heartfelt letter expressing how much she would miss him. The Queen also broke royal protocol at the former prime minister's funeral by arriving first, out of respect for the Churchill family, when the monarch always arrives last at events.   Sir Alec Douglas-Home reportedly also met with royal approval. An aide said: "He was an old friend. They talked about dogs and shooting together. They were both Scottish landowners, the same sort of people, like old schoolfriends." The Queen was also said to be fond of the Labour Prime Minister Harold Wilson, and a long-standing member of the Labour Party said "they got on like a house on fire". Despite rumours of a complicated relationship behind closed doors, the Queen was immensely respectful of Margaret Thatcher as her first female prime minister, and she attended her funeral in 2013. There was also much said about the Queen's relationship with Tony Blair, but the Queen recently appointed the former Labour leader as Knight Companion of the Most Noble Order of the Garter.  DON'T MISS:Royal Family LIVE: Prince Harry facing major UK court battle TODAY [LIVE]Queen 'curtailed' Prince William and Kate using a helicopter [ANALYSIS]Boris meets Queen before shock Gove sacking [INSIGHT] The current Attorney General Suella Braverman has announced she would run to be the next Conservative leader. But several high-profile members of the Tory party are also likely to throw their names into the ring, including Rishi Sunak, Liz Truss and Sajid Javid. Alex Apati of Ladbrokes said: "Suella Braverman has seemingly thrown her hat into the ring and given the interest we've seen so far this morning, we wouldn't be surprised to see her close the gap on the frontrunners over the next few hours."  Ladbrokes' latest betting on the next Tory leader: Penny Mordaunt - 5/1Rishi Sunak - 11/2Ben Wallace - 6/1Liz Truss - 7/1Nadhim Zahawi - 8/1Sajid Javid - 8/1Jeremy Hunt - 10/1Tom Tugendhat - 14/1 Suella Braverman - 33/1 (from 100/1) 