Vladimir Putin faces a humiliating defeat in Kherson, as Ukraine tries to win back the southern city. Losing Kherson would be a devastating blow to President Putin since it was the first city to fall to Russia at the start of the war. Speaking on GB News, Professor Anthony Glees said that the Russian leader was "clearly in a lot of trouble". He said: "We and the Americans assess that 75,000 Russian soldiers have either been killed or been wounded. That's a hell of a lot! "And 80 percent of active Russian forces are now bogged now in the east of Ukraine. "Putin had hoped to win this war in a matter of days, and what has actually happened is that it is grinding, not towards a stalemate but a defeat. "It seems that if the battle of Kherson ends up in Ukraine's favour, Russia will have suffered a significant defeat." JUST IN: 'End of the Euro!' European currency in a 'trap' and will 'explode'  He then cited the head of MI6 Richard Moore who last week claimed that Russia was "running out of steam" in its conflict with Ukraine. Professor Glees said: "The head of MI6 has form in predicting what is going to happen. "He said Russia was going to invade Ukraine when many doubted that. "We need to listen very carefully to what he is saying - and the Russians need to listen to what he is saying, and I hope they will do."  The estimate on Russian troop losses came from the Biden administration during a briefing to the House of Representatives. The report said those deceased or injured could be between 60,000 and 80,000, while on Tuesday Ukraine’s President Volodymyr Zelensky claimed that 40,000 Russians have been killed so far in the war. In another victory for Ukraine, Russia was forced to postpone its Navy Day celebrations in occupied Crimea at the last minute. DON'T MISS: Putin humiliated: Flawed Russian tactics brutally exposed in Ukraine [VIDEO]Ukraine LIVE: Humiliating blow for Putin as Russian Black Sea HQ hit [LIVE BLOG]Hounding of Boris Johnson now looks like spite [EXPRESS COMMENT] Sevastopol mayor Mikhail Razvozzhaev said the cancelled parades and celebrations were out of safety after alleged Ukrainian drone strike on the Black Sea Fleet headquarters. Navy Day is an annual Russian holiday, and celebrations are taking place across Russia on Sunday. President Vladimir Putin is overseeing events in St Petersburg, his home city. Last night Ukraine's President Volodymyr Zelensky told all civilians still living in parts of eastern Donetsk region under Ukrainian control to evacuate. He said: "The more people leave the Donetsk region now, the fewer people the Russian army will have time to kill." READ NEXT: Putin humiliated: Flawed Russian tactics brutally exposed in UkrainePutin’s crucial ammo base erupts in huge smoke cloud - VIDEOLukashenko backs himself into corner as 'wholly dependent' on RussiaRussian Navy Day celebrations collapsed by Ukraine 'homemade drone' Brussels urged to issue visa ban on 'terrorism sponsor' Russia 