Barcelona players are unsure if Frenkie de Jong will get his wish to stay at the club, according to reports. Manchester United have agreed a fee for the 25-year-old, believing they can lure him to Old Trafford. Yet the latest murmurings from Catalonia suggest they may be wasting their time. Manchester United agreed a fee for De Jong on Thursday, with the Red Devils ready to pay an initial £63million to bring the midfielder to the Premier League. However, the Red Devils are now at risk of missing out. It’s been reported, largely over in Spain, that De Jong has no interest in moving to United due to their lack of Champions League football and current status. And Sport have now claimed that Barcelona players are unsure whether or not the 25-year-old will end up staying with them for the upcoming La Liga campaign. They’ve noticed De Jong has a good relationship with Xavi, who took over from Ronald Koeman in November. Man Utd transfers: The mouthwatering XI to tackle Brighton with 5 new signings And they also think there is a chance the midfielder will stay as a result. De Jong has reportedly told team-mates that it is ‘impossible’ for him to leave the club, where he enjoys playing. But the publication does say the midfielder’s desire ‘collides head-on’ with what the club want to do. Barcelona need the money from United to help balance their finances and enable them to register the likes of Andreas Christensen and Franck Kessie. They also want to land Robert Lewandowski, too, with the Poland international their top target. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Man Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leave Man Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong Yet, for now, De Jong has no intentions of moving to United regardless of Erik ten Hag’s desire to snap him up. With that being the case, it’s possible the Red Devils will move on to alternatives - with two emerging in recent days. United have long admired Ruben Neves, though Wolves have insisted it will take a fee close to £100m for them to part ways with the Portugal international. And they do have a tentative interest in Youri Tielemans, despite suggestions the Leicester star would rather join Arsenal instead. United are unlikely to give up on De Jong just yet given how much they’ve wanted to snap him up. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team And that means this saga could rumble on as a result. De Jong has been asked about links to United twice in recent months - with the first question coming back in May. And he made it clear at the time that he wanted to stay at Barcelona, saying: “I used to be reckless when I was asked about other clubs, that time has passed. “I can’t say anything about that but I prefer to stay at Barcelona. “I have already said it before, Barcelona are the club of my dreams since I was little. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. “If other clubs call I will take the call, of course. It is something that is always done.” And, when quizzed against in June, the midfielder said: "You are always flattered when teams show interest in you as a player. "But I think I am at the biggest club in the world at the moment, I feel fine there, so no news." United are also working on deals for Lisandro Martinez and Christian Eriksen. And the pair are both expected to move to Old Trafford, where they’ll join new Red Devils recruit Tyrell Malacia. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here