Guardian journalist George Monbiot appeared on Good Morning Britain earlier today to complain about the way his family were treated when they tried to close his mother’s account. Vodafone has been chasing his father for £33 and even threatened him with letters from debt collectors, despite the fact he was grieving his wife’s death. A journalist is urging Vodafone to look at its bereavement policy after his father was harassed for £33 although his wife had died. Mr Monbiot told ITV viewers he believes Vodafone has a strategy to make life difficult for bereaved families after he found it impossible to cancel his late mum’s mobile phone. This was despite the fact he has Power of Attorney because his father is too frail to sort out his own affairs. Speaking on the programme, Mr Monbiot said: “I don’t accept their apology because they are claiming these are errors.” READ MORE: Savings provider offering 2.7% is rated ‘excellent’ He continued: “They are not errors - when my tweets went viral they couldn’t sort it out fast enough. “Eventually it came down to a phone call which took two minutes and then it was all done. “Except we are still being chased by debt collectors but that’s because they sent that hare running already. “If they wanted to do this quickly and easily they would - but it’s made as difficult as possible.” DON'T MISSWoman discovered she owed E.ON £1,000 despite paying her monthly bill [WARNING]Britons could wait longer for prescriptions after state pension change [UPDATE]PIP: The key letter that claimants should look out for [ALERT]'Incredibly believable' TV presenter issues scam warning [WARNING] After months of trying to rectify the matter, the journalist has also taken to Twitter to air his grievance. Yesterday he wrote: “And on it goes - even after we thought our case had been sorted out. “Once @VodafoneUK sets the debt collectors on someone, they keep coming, a zombie horde pursuing zombie debts.” His complaint has sparked others to share their concerns about the company and its bereavement policy. READ MORE: Carer’s Allowance: 10 things you may be able to claim as a carer Writing on Twitter @gwyrdhanmor said: “It shouldn't be legal. “They're not collecting on behalf of Vodafone, they buy the debts at slightly less than what you actually owe, and then come after you for the full amount, and this is how they make a profit.” Another user @judewhittaker said: “This is nothing new. I had the same type of experience when my mum died. “My mum was in hospital receiving palliative care and her phone was stolen. “We brought her a cheap phone and her sim was blocked and when she passed away they threatened debt collectors.” In response, a Vodafone spokesperson said: “We know bereavement is a difficult time for families. "We have processes and policies in place to handle these cases, including a dedicated bereavement team that customers can access directly here. “We are sorry for the experience George and his family have had with us. "A number of human errors were made on this occasion, for which we apologise. "Following these events we are conducting a full-scale review and have refreshed the training we provide to our customer care colleagues.”