After a revealing conversation with Mike Ehrmentraut (played by Jonathan Banks), Kim Wexler (Rhea Seehorn) is shocked to discover Better Call Saul’s dangerous cartel boss Lalo Salamanca (Tony Dalton) was, in fact, alive and well. The star of AMC’s stellar Breaking Bad spin-off has now broken down Kim’s justification for keeping her husband Jimmy McGill (Bob Odenkirk) in the dark about the revelation. Main cast member Rhea has opened up on Kim’s risky dishonesty about the failed assassination attempt against Lalo. Both Kim and Jimmy were relieved to hear Gustavo Fring’s (Giancarlo Esposito) hit on Lalo’s house at the end of season five had apparently gone smoothly. However, in the fourth episode of Better Call Saul’s final season, Mike drops a bombshell on Kim by informing her the cartel leader is still alive and currently on the run. Later, Jimmy assures his paranoid wife Lalo is dead as she’s unable to sleep, and Kim decides to remain silent about Mike’s revelation. READ MORE: BBC Breakfast viewers thrilled as they welcome back much-loved host “[There’s the] fabulous scene at the end of the episode where she decides - and we see some of the repercussions of that in the episode when Hamlin gets shot - it’s deciding not to tell Jimmy that Lalo was alive, and very possibly coming for them,” Rhea recalled. “She thought she could handle it, and it is her heroic qualities which might have been character assets at one time, or character flaws at this point, in my opinion.” Moreover, Mike himself admitted Kim was “made of sterner stuff” than her husband, who could very well make matters worse for them if he discovered Lalo had survived. Jimmy’s quivering assurance of Lalo’s death certainly proves he’s still looking over his shoulder for the Salamancas. Ultimately, Kim’s decision to bite her tongue came back to bite both herself and her husband in the midseason finale. During an unexpected visit from Howard Hamlin (Patrick Fabian), Lalo bursts into their home and kills the rival lawyer on the spot. Fans of the acclaimed Breaking Bad prequel were then left ruminating over one of the series’ biggest cliffhangers to date when Jimmy discovered Lalo was alive in the most violent way possible. While Jimmy/Saul Goodman’s role in the original series secures his survival, there’s not much longer to wait before it’s revealed whether or not Kim’s mistake may have cost her her life. DON'T MISS:P-Valley’s Uncle Clifford star opens up on Hailey fall-out [EXCLUSIVE]Stranger Things clue could confirm Max’s fate in season 5 [THEORY]BBC Radio 2 fury as Steve Wright announces exit [REACTION]  Of course, Rhea was keeping her lips sealed on Kim’s ultimate fate, though her insight into her character did suggest the final episodes may not pan out in the way fans are expecting. She told GoldDerby: “It was always important to me to be - I wouldn’t say tough because the writing is brilliant - but I was vigilant in making sure that Kim stays as intelligent and as emotionally intelligent with Jimmy as they made her. “So there were times where the tightrope of, certainly this season, taking in Jimmy’s PTSD or reluctance or being sly or deceptive or keeping something from Kim… “It was important to me to always take the moment to take in whatever Bob was bringing to the performance or what Jimmy was doing. Because those two characters read each other like a book. “And then it stands out more when you see them choose to not take in what the other is desperately trying to signal to them.” Kim has always managed to stay two steps ahead of Jimmy’s dealings with Gus and the cartel and has so far been able to avoid getting caught in the crossfire. While Jimmy/Saul’s wife is nowhere to be seen throughout the five original seasons of Breaking Bad, her quick-thinking and survival instincts could help to avoid a bloodbath in Better Call Saul’s highly anticipated finale. Better Call Saul season 6, part 2 begins Monday July 11 on AMC and the following Tuesday on Netflix.