Netflix launches its Italian-language tween drama DI4RIES today (July 26) with the show featuring an up-and-coming cast of actors. DI4RIES will be focusing on the first kisses and loves of a group of students at The Galileo in Marina Piccola, Italy. Express.co.uk takes a look at who stars in the new series. /latest/ Netflix dropped a trailer for DI4RIES recently, giving audiences a flavour of the show with the teaser already racking up nearly 2million views on YouTube. The show is something of a departure from some of the more adult, high school dramas the streaming platform has previously made. Instead of gritty series like Baby, Elite or Riverdale, DI4RIES offers a gentler take on the coming-of-age drama with its, friendships, feuds and crushes. DI4RIES will also see the students facing a huge challenge when it’s announced their middle school will be shut down, which could change their lives forever. Pietro - Andrea Arru Taking the lead as the tween narrator Pietro is actor Andrea Arru, who previously starred in Calibro 9, Glassboy, View di notte, and Lo Scarabocchio. In the trailer for DI4RIES, Pietro introduces viewers to the various members of his class in 2D as well as other students at his school, while giving hints of his chaotic home life with rowing parents. Livia - Flavia Leone Flavia Leone plays Livia, who is described by Pietro as ‘Little Miss Perfect’, the school’s golden girl who is getting fed up of never putting a foot wrong. DI4RIES marks Leone’s first big role on screen with the actress appearing across the whole series as a main character. Daniele - Biagio Venditti Biagio Venditti takes on Daniele, who appears to be sociable and serves as a DJ at the school disco as well as embarking on a gay romance. Venditti is another newcomer with DI4RIES being his big breakout role. Isabel - Sofia Nicolini In the role of Isabel is Sofia Nicolini with her character described as a ‘champion of justice’ along with her best friend. Nicolini marks her small screen debut in the show and is new to the entertainment industry. Monica - Federica Franzellitti Federica Franzellitti plays Isabel’s best friend Monica, who Pietro says is another champion of justice as the two girls seek to change the world. Similarly, this is also Franzellitti first big acting gig and hopefully the first of many for the young star. Arianna - Francesca La Cava Taking on the part of the school’s queen bee and popular girl Arianna is Francesca La Cava with Pietro saying the tween “fancies herself as Miss Universe”. Prior to landing the role in DI4RIES, La Cava was studying drama, according to Netflix Life. DON'T MISS...Heartstopper: Why Positive onscreen representation matters [INSIGHT]Kit Connor age: How old is the Heartstopper Nick actor? [EXPLAINER]Heartstopper ending explained: Do Nick and Charlie stay together? [ANALYSIS] Giulio - Liam Nicolosi Class clown Giulio, who is “always up to something”, is portrayed by Liam Nicolosi. Liam Nicolosi has starred in several projects previously with the actor most recognisable for his roles in Pure Hearts, Eddie & Sunny, and Heirs of the Night. Other cast members include Pietro Sparvoli as Mirko and Fiorenza Tessari as one of the teachers. DI4RIES has been written by Mariano Di Nardo, Simona Ercolani, and Angelo Pastore, while Alessandro Celli is on directing duties, according to IMDb. DI4RIES is out on Netflix now