Princess Eugenie and Jack Brooksbank announced their engagement in January 2018. The happy couple shared a first glimpse of the engagement ring at the time. In true royal style, Princess Eugenie's engagement announcement was accompanied by official portraits. In the snap, the Queen's granddaughter wore a black dress with a red and white floral print. She posed with her husband-to-be Jack and showed off her unique engagement ring. The ring had a central red sapphire surrounded by 10 diamonds. READ MORE: Camilla's engagement ring is cheaper than Diana's 'priceless legacy' While many opt for a timeless diamond engagement ring, Eugenie followed in the footsteps of royals like Sarah Ferguson and Kate Middleton with the coloured jewel. As well as holding sentimental value, Eugenie's ring is thought to be worth a huge sum of money. Lorna Haddon, head of diamonds and jewellery at Beaverbrooks, commented on the jewel. She said: "Eugenie’s engagement ring features a classic gold band set with a stunning padparadscha sapphire.  "The rare gem is nestled within 10 brilliant cut diamonds and two pear cut diamonds to emphasise the central gem and create an eye-catching finish. “The slim gold band accentuates the central piece and draws the eye straight to the gorgeous and unusual sapphire. “Eugenie’s historic ring is estimated to be worth around the £100,000 mark, due to its rare padparadscha sapphire." The high quality of the ring could be behind the huge price tag. READ MORE: Crown Princess Mary's emerald-cut engagement ring has a hidden meaning Princess Eugenie and her husband have not shared much about their ring publicly. However, it is believed to have been partly designed by Jack and seems to draw inspiration from Sarah Ferguson's jewel. Sarah, who is the mother of Eugenie and Princess Beatrice, had a remarkably similar ring when she got engaged. It too had a red jewel surrounded by smaller diamonds. Eugenie and Jack tied the knot several months after announcing their engagement, on October 12, 2018. The ceremony took place at St George's Chapel at Windsor Castle. Members of the Royal Family including the Queen, Kate Middleton and Meghan Markle were in attendance. The happy couple welcomed their son August Brooksbank in 2021.