The HM Treasury estimates around 30 million people will see their take-home pay increase this month. Meanwhile, two million people will be exempt from paying National Insurance together. As workers struggle with rising petrol costs and increasing prices, news that millions will be better off from July will be welcomed. Changes to the National Insurance threshold will mean that workers can earn £12,570 instead of £9,880 before they pay National Insurance Contributions (NIC). The changes come into effect from July 6 and will enable many Britons to make savings but not everyone will end up paying less. An employee with a £20,000 annual salary will save £178 on their National Insurance between April 2022 and April 2023. READ MORE: PIP claimants could get £1,200 in cost of living boost Elliott Smith, co-founder of employee benefits and wellbeing marketplace Love Your Employees explained: “If an employee earns £30,000 per year, they will pay £53 less than they did the last year.” He added that workers at the other end of the scale - people who earn more than £34,000 per year - will end up paying more NI than they used to. Somebody on a £50,000 yearly wage will pay an extra £197. Typically, those on a £100,000 annual pay will see their National Insurance increase by £822. DON'T MISSMartin Lewis: The one thing everyone aged over 66 needs to knowWoman, 64, explains how she makes extra £800 per monthThe ten changes to tax, sick pay and more coming this JulyCost of living crisis: 20 ways to save and make money this July There’s an online tool where people can work out exactly how much the NI threshold change will affect them. The Treasury’s new online calculator estimates how the National Insurance changes will affect take home pay and can be found at Gov.uk. Britons should enter their annual salary and the calculator will then show three figures. The first figure is what they should have received before July 6, the second figure is the amount after and the third is the potential savings. READ MORE: State pension warning: More than one million more pensioners will pay Alice Haine, personal finance analyst at Bestinvest, said: “National Insurance (NI) bills were pushed up by 1.25 percent in April when the Government rolled out a new Health and Social Care levy to bolster the NHS and social care, which had been stretched thin by the pandemic. “It meant that the main rate for employees rose to 13.25 from 12 percent, with the increase coinciding with the escalation in the cost-of-living crisis after Russia’s invasion of Ukraine sparked a surge in food, fuel and energy prices – delivering a double blow to the wallets of everyday Britons. “However, from July 6, the threshold at which NI kicks in increases from £9,880 (the increase introduced on April 6, up from the previous £9,568) to £12,570, bringing it in line with the income tax threshold, giving 2.2 million workers a complete break from NI payments, though they will still receive all the benefits that come with paying the levy. “This equates to a saving of over £330 on average, when compared to the previous three months of National Insurance contributions, with the cash boost also set to benefit a further 30 million typical employees earning over the new £12,570 threshold, including higher earners.” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The biggest saving will be for people who are classed as lower to middle-income earners when compared to the NI rates paid in the 2021 to 22 tax year. Approximately 70 percent of people will pay less NI than they were paying last year. Ms Haine added: “The picture is less rosy for higher earners. “While it’s welcome in these financially challenging times that every worker will see a fall in their NI bill next month compared to the previous three months – delivering a mini-boost to pay packets in dark economic times - the uplift won’t go far when you consider that real wages are falling amid rampant inflation as the cost-of-living crisis batters household finances.“