Debra Ralph, 54, was looking after the woman at a nursing home, which offers one-to-one care for adults with severe brain injuries. A court heard Ralph was struck off after the two incidents, which happened during one shift. While a judge conceded the behaviour was "wilful abuse", she let Ralph walk free from court yesterday, suspending her 12-week sentence for 18 months. According to Manchester Evening News, Judge Tina Landale said: "It's hard to think of a more vulnerable victim than a person in her position. "On July 10 of last year you failed to care appropriately for her. She was a lady who required around the clock care and who was lacking capacity. It's hard to think of a more vulnerable victim than a person in her position. "You wilfully abused her. You have been rightly dismissed from employment. "After the first incident in the car park when your colleagues immediately intervened and brought to your attention that it was wrong to be treating her in that way, you went on to ill treat her again in a short space of time. These were actions which amounted to ill treatment. "It's serious because as you know it involves a breach of trust between the patient and the carer and between the families of those loved ones who expect and require good care to provide proper treatment. "I take into account that this was out of character and you didn't intent to cause harm. But this was reckless behaviour for which you have apologised and lost your job." Minshull Street Crown Court was told Ralph had the woman on her knee in a car which she drove backwards and forwards in a car park. She then drew whiskers on the woman's cheeks, made the tip of her nose black with a pen and offered her dog biscuits to the shock of colleagues at Agricola House in Bury, Greater Manchester. Sophie Kenny, prosecuting, said Ralph abused her "position of responsibility" and colleagues immediately told her this kind of behaviour constituted abuse. Three days later she was arrested by police for the ill treatment of the woman and Ralph eventually pleaded guilty to the offence in court. The woman, who was said to have a mental age of four, required one-to-one care and by doing this she "breached her position of trust as a carer in a caring role". Other members of staff raised "immediate concern" over this behaviour, according to Ms Kenny, as it was "unmistakably inappropriate in nature". Ralph, from Bolton, Greater Manchester, "didn't want to harm anyone," her lawyer said. Rachel Shenton, defending, conceded the behaviour was "inappropriate and reckless behaviour on her part" but she had a "desire to entertain" the resident. Ms Shenton said this was out of character for Ralph, who had been working as a carer for four years. "It was misguided and inappropriate. She was trying to entertain her and wasn't trying to conceal what she did," Ms Shenton added. She also said Ralph thought drawing on her face was equivalent to putting face paint on a child but Ralph accepts she didn't do this and the resident was not distressed at any point. "She (Ralph) is deeply and truly sorry," she added. Ms Shenton told the court that Ralph suffers "significant mental health problems" and has never troubled the police and courts before. The defendent was also ordered to do 180 hours unpaid work with 20 days of rehabilitation.