Warren Kelly, 35, and Andrew Dutton, 58, were both convicted of four offences under the Game Act and two offences under the Hunting act, for hare coursing. The pals' five-year criminal behaviour orders means they cannot be in possession or control of a dog in England and Wales other than in their home address, and from being with any person anywhere in England and Wales with a dog. But Lancashire Police's action led to the prosecution following a recent hunt in Ormskirk. The orders also ban the men out of "huge portions" of Lancashire and Merseyside "from acting in a manner that is likely to cause harassment, alarm and distress". In addition, they were ordered to pay almost £1,000 in fines and costs and had their poaching equipment forfeited from them, reports Lancs Live. South Rural Police Taskforce officer PC Paddy Stewart said: "Hare coursing and poaching can be extremely distressing for our community, who feel unable to challenge the offenders. This is not ‘one for the pot’ poaching, these offenders travel around the country committing cruel acts towards our wildlife and whilst doing so wreak havoc on our rural communities. Farmers regularly tell me of threats and intimidation when they challenge trespassers on their land who are involved in poaching. "It is a misconception for people to think this is a minor crime in the countryside. Like many other wildlife crimes, those involved in hare coursing are often hardened criminals, using threats, intimidation and in some cases violence, against anyone who questions or challenges their actions. They trespass on land, damaging crops and property. "Many people won’t know that the brown Hare is listed as a Conservation Priority in the UK’s Biodiversity Action Plan, meaning we should be doing all we can to protect this vulnerable species."   Sergeant Darren Carr, also of Lancashire Police, said: "The measures farmers have to put in place to deter these offenders cost considerable amounts of money which in turn is passed onto food consumers. "These criminal behaviour orders will offer safety for the community and protection to vulnerable species. "I am extremely proud of my team’s hard work in securing these convictions and orders for our community. Due to the feeling of isolation in rural areas and previous experience of threats, it takes great courage for farmers to step forward and we will continue to stand shoulder to shoulder with them in the fight against wildlife crimes and animal cruelty." 