In a blistering resignation statement, he said he quit his post because "walking the tightrope between loyalty and integrity has become impossible". He accused No10 of lying to him personally over the period of a number of months as he said only a change of Prime Minister could restore trust in British politics. "It is incumbent on all of us to set high standards for ourselves and to take action when they are not met by others," Mr Javid told MPs in the Commons as Mr Johnson watched on. "I have concluded that the problem starts at the top and that is not going to change." Gasps were heard in the Commons as the former frontbencher detailed how he was "personally assured at the most senior levels that there had been no parties in Downing Street and no rules were broken" when allegations first emerged last winter. Taking aim at Mr Johnson's administration for failing to tell the truth, he continued: "It's not fair on ministerial colleagues to go out every morning defending lines that don't stand up and don't hold up. READ MORE ON OUR BORIS JOHNSON LIVE BLOG "It's not fair on my parliamentary colleagues, who bear the brunt of constituents' dismay in their inboxes and on the doorsteps in recent elections. "And it's not fair on Conservative members and voters who rightly expect better standards from the party they supported." He added: "This week again, we have reason to question the truth and integrity of what we've all been told. And at some point we have to conclude that enough is enough. I believe that point is now." The Prime Minister is facing maximum danger to his leadership today with attacks on his premiership being launched from every angle after Mr Javid and Mr Sunak quit last night. A swathe of junior ministers followed suit in resigning from the Government this morning saying they no longer could support Mr Johnson, while some Tory backbenchers publicly called on their boss to go during Prime Minister's Questions. Sir Keir Starmer launched his own character assassination on the Prime Minister in the Commons as he branded his opposite number a "pathetic spectacle", adding that his Government did not have a "shred of integrity". POLL: Is it time for Boris Johnson to resign? Labour MPs were seen waving goodbye to the Prime Minister as they mocked his political woes. Jeering Cabinet members still in place, Sir Keir said: "As for those who are left, only in office because no one else is prepared to debase themselves any longer: the charge of the lightweight brigade. Have some self-respect." Conservative backbenchers who want to bring down Mr Johnson are also furious at those standing by the beleaguered leader, with furious Tory MPs openly calling remaining ministers "cowards". One MP publicly told a minister: "I should give you a white feather." Mr Zahawi had been tipped to be among those considering his resignation from Cabinet before he was appointed as Mr Sunak's replacement as Chancellor. Making his case for remaining in the Government this morning, he told Sky News this morning: "Sometimes walking away may give you some respite, dare I say, but the idea that you have to deliver for the country, I think, is the right thing to do." DON'T MISS:Seriously?! Tory turmoil as own MP savages new Education Secretary [REACTION]Britain is bigger than Boris and so are its problems JONATHAN SAXTY [COMMENT]Ben Wallace slams resignations as ‘political parlour games’ [UPDATE] A snap YouGov poll last night found 69 percent of Britons thought Mr Johnson should step down as Prime Minister, including a majority, 54 percent, of 2019 Conservative voters say. Less than a month ago, just 34 percent of those who backed the Tories at the last election wanted the party leader to stand down. Tory rebels believe that despite the added pressure placed on Mr Johnson today, he will still refuse to quit. "I suspect we will have to drag him kicking and screaming from Downing Street," one Conservative MP said. "But if we have to do it that way then we will." Backbenchers are preparing to hold a new confidence vote in their leader within days in an attempt to force him out of office. A snap YouGov poll last night found 69 percent of Britons thought Mr Johnson should step down as Prime Minister, including a majority, 54 percent, of 2019 Conservative voters say. Less than a month ago, just 34 percent of those who backed the Tories at the last election wanted the party leader to stand down. Mr Johnson narrowly survived a vote last month, despite 41 percent of his MPs voting against him, meaning he is currently saved from a new ballot for a year. But MPs are planning to change the rules to force a vote as soon as next Wednesday. Elections to the party's powerful 1922 committee which is in charge of leadership elections are due to take place next week. Critics of the Prime Minister are planning to run on a pledge to change the leadership rules to allow an immediate second vote on Mr Johnson. Those close to the plot have told Express.co.uk that rebel MPs from across the party are working together to make sure they maximise the chances of taking control of the committee. Letters of no confidence are already said to have been submitted against the Prime Minister to allow a snap vote to take place as soon as the rules are changed.