Manchester United have strongly dismissed suggestions that they are willing to let Cristiano Ronaldo leave on loan this summer, according to reports. The Red Devils remain firm on their transfer stance despite Ronaldo's desire to depart: he isn't for sale and will be at the club beyond the summer transfer deadline. Reports last week claimed United were prepared to let Ronaldo secure a loan exit, but on one condition - he had to trigger the one-year extension clause in his current contract. The 37-year-old striker's current deal expires in 2023, but the club have the option to extend it to 2024 with his consent. However, the Mail have since reported that United have branded those murmurs as 'nonsense', dismissing the idea of accepting a loan proposal. They also see no reason to allow Ronaldo to leave on a free transfer while he's still under contract and coming off a 24-goal season amid interest from Atletico Madrid. Atletico are currently his most likely destination after Bayern Munich, Chelsea and Paris Saint-Germain distanced themselves from links. But he would have to agree to a significant cut to his £360,000-a-week basic salary. And Ronaldo is understood to be receptive to a return to the Spanish capital, despite his strong connections to Real Madrid. JUST IN: Cristiano Ronaldo's view on Man Utd future after crunch meeting  The Portuguese icon returned to Carrington with the rest of Erik ten Hag's on Tuesday, but he reportedly didn't train and arrived sitting alongside super-agent Jorge Mendes in his £168,000 Bentley. He met Ten Hag face-to-face for the first time since he became United boss to hold crunch talks over his future. Ronaldo arrived at United's HQ shortly before 11am and departed out the back entrance at around 5pm, aligning with when his teammates clocked in and out. He was said to be present as Ten Hag conducted a detailed debrief of the club's pre-season tour, lasting more than one hour. READ MORE: Chelsea ‘offered chance to sign Jules Kounde alternative’ by PSG  The five-time Ballon d'Or was absent from the tour of Thailand and Australia, citing family reasons, but United didn't struggle without him. They looked streamlined under Ten Hag's instructions and remained unbeaten, winning three of their four games, including a 4-0 rout against Liverpool, and scoring 13 goals. Ronaldo's status for the club's opening game of the season against Brighton & Hove Albion next week remains uncertain given his lack of match sharpness. But regardless, Anthony Martial's early resurgence under the Dutchman could mean he faces a fight to regain his status as a starter if he can't escape Old Trafford. Click HERE to buy the new Man Utd home shirt