James May, 59, has addressed viewers’ concerns after some pointed out the appearance of a “ghost” during episode three of his brand new travel series. Better known as part of the Top Gear trio, James embarked on the new project by himself as he set out to explore Italy. However, fans have since taken to Twitter to express their disbelief after spotting a “ghost” walking in some of the latest episode’s frames. Meanwhile, James tried to find a rational explanation to the seemingly paranormal appearances as he thanked fans for their concern. He tweeted: “My thanks to everyone who has pointed out the ‘ghost’ in ep3 of my new Italy series. “Nobody saw it at the time, so it’s either a real ghost or (more likely but also more boring) just a bit of digital file corruption.” Twitter user Fastandqurious said: “@MrJamesMay @primevideouk In episode 3 of our man in Italy at 35 mins 51 seconds you can see a faded man walking from the left side of the screen to the right side slowly disappearing as he walks. “Did we just see a ghost on tv? Or was it some editing problem?” Caddelle_artist told James: “Digital corruption. Hmmm not a chance. “Maybe if you were recording in analogue. And the editor didn't notice.... “I think your team are playing silly buggers with you. Can only be added after the fact. “Or you have a ghost following you. . . . #OurManInItaly” Crushagrape added: “Trolling editor. Once is explainable as a ghost, but three times? Someone's having a laugh.” TAGSlays quipped: “James, this is a VERY cheeky way to get me to watch your new series.” DON'T MISSJoanna Lumley never thought Queen would honour her for awkward reason [INSIGHT]Alex Scott admits she puts 'on an act' as she addresses her struggles [LATEST]Top Gear’s James May details worries at home after move with partner [NEWS] In Our Man In Italy, James aims to unveil the cultural and culinary secrets of Italy, kicking off the trip with Sicily. During the visit, James enjoyed Mussomeli, a Sicilian town that is home to just a few thousand people. He also headed off to volcano Etna to get a little closer to the magnificent natural formation. He said: “I have to say it is looking a bit smokey.” Once at the top, James said: “Silent, sleeping but we know despite the reassurances of the scientist, that could explode with an enormous crash.” James even got to play a traditional Sicilian instrument which is similar to the bagpipes. The TV star wore a costume and joined musicians in the town square to play for local people. In the trailer, James joked: “I hope that was as enjoyable to you to watch as it was for me to experience. But I bet it wasn’t.”