ITV’s husband and wife crime series Murder in Provence is proving to be a hit with audiences after it started airing recently. The drama originally premiered on BritBox back in March before hitting ITV earlier this month. Each episode has a different cast with guest actors joining - here’s a look at the final episode of the first series. A short synopsis from ITV about the final episode called The Affairs on Men reads: “A love affair seems to be at the heart of a young woman’s death in the nearby town of Éguilles, but is it connected to the discovery of an older woman’s body in a vineyard kilometres away? Antoine, Marine and Hélène investigate the men in the two women’s lives to discover what was done to them and why.” Antoine Verlaque - Roger Allam Reprising his role as investigating judge Antoine Verlaque is Roger Allam, who is no stranger to screens thanks to his role as Fred Thursday in Endeavour, BBC’s The Missing, and V for Vendetta among many other credits in an impressive career. Speaking about joining the cast and working with some of the stars before, Allam said: “Yes, I know Nancy, who plays Marine, so that was very easy working together. I very much wanted her to play the role from the beginning. I thought it was very important, because we were going from a standing start, filming was quick and we hardly had any time to rehearse, so it needed to be someone I get on with. “We make each other laugh and there's an ease between us that I think was great for the characters. “I worked with Patricia Hodge at the National Theatre in 1999. We did two plays together – Money, for which we both won an Olivier award, and also Summerfolk. So yes, we go back a long way too. READ MORE: Murder in Provence location: Where was it filmed? Marine Bonnet - Nancy Carroll Nancy Carroll once more portrays Antoine’s wife Marine Bonnet, who will be helping him to crack this last case. Carroll has previously appeared in Father Brown, Prime Suspect 1973, and Will, along with smaller roles in The Crown, Agatha Raisin and Stephen. Hélène Paulik - Keala Settle Back as the deputy police commissioner Hélène Paulik is American actress Keala Settle, who has appeared in The Greatest Showman, Big Shot, Every Other Weekend, and Ricki and the Flash. Florence Bonnet - Patricia Hodge National treasure Patricia Hodge again portrays Marine’s mother Florence Bonnet with the actress most recently known for her parts in BBC sitcom Miranda, All Creatures Great and Small, and Roadkill. Marie-France D'Arras - Janet Amsden Former EastEnders actress Janet Amsden takes on Marie-France D'Arras after starring in The Ipcress File, State of the Union, Doctors, and Testament of Youth. Philippe Léridon - Christophe R Tek In the role of Philippe Léridon is actor Christophe R Tek, with Murder in Provence marking his small screen debut. Delphine Jourdain - Holli Dempsey Delphine Jourdain is portrayed by actress Holli Dempsey, whose past work includes Derek, After Life, Hulu’s Harlots and The Ice Cream Girls. Sebastien Lapierre - Alex Felton Alex Felton takes on Sebastien Lapierre and is again something of a newcomer with the ITV crime series marking his first TV credit. Elodie Liotta - Cara Horgan Taking on Elodie Liotta is Cara Horgan, who may be familiar for her parts in West of Liberty, Traitors, and The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. Valère D'Arras - Crispin Redman Crispin Redman plays Valère D'Arras after starring in Law & Order: UK, Queens, The Whistleblowers, and Victoria & Albert. Max Audigier - Robbie Gee Robbie Gee has appeared in British and American productions including Snatch, Underworld, Motherland, Pirates of the Caribbean and plays Max Audigier in Murder in Provence. François Roussel - Geff Francis After starring in Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker, Ashes to Ashes, and Desmond’s, actor Get Francis will be playing prosector François Roussel, who is the police commissioner and Hélène’s boss. Kamel Lachella - Nico Pimparé Actor and director Nico Pimparé plays Kamel Lachella and has featured in Silent Witness, Amazon Prime Video’s Hanna, as well as directing The Start of Nothing. DON'T MISS...How many episodes in Murder in Provence? [EXPLAINER]Murder in Provence episode 2 cast: Who is in the cast? [INSIGHT]Murder in Provence episode 1 cast: Who is in the ITV series? [ANALYSIS] Dr. Marcell Vannier - John Light Fellow Father Brown actor John takes on Dr. Marcell Vannier and has also appeared in Around the World in 80 Dats, Mars, North & South, and Band of Brothers. Didier Laurent - Samuel Barnett Samuel Barnett again assumes the mantle of Didier Laurent, Marine’s bookshop owner friend and has the lowdown on the locals. The star counts credits in Four Lives, The Prince, and Dirk Gently's Holistic Detective Agency. Philomène Klein - Jane Thorne Jane Thorne appears as Philomène Klein with Murder in Provence serving as her first TV role. Sylvie - Kirsty Bushell Finally, rounding off the cast as Marine’s best friend Sylvie is Kirsty Bushell and has perviously starred in Silk, Casualty, Injustice, and Silent Witness. Murder in Provence concludes on ITV tonight at 8pm