Numerous studies have confirmed that short bursts of high-intensity interval training (also known as HIIT) may be "more effective" for weight loss than longer less intense workouts. Research published in the British Journal of Sports Medicine, analysed results from 36 earlier studies which showed that fat burning is increased when the body is performing high-intensity movements. And the results are ones that are shared by health experts everywhere. Certified trainer Jessica Mazzucco explained: "Short bursts of exercise reduce health risks and benefit your heart and brain and lead to weight loss. "When you engage in a short burst of activity or a 10-minute workout and accumulate up to 30 minutes a day, you elevate your heart rate each time. "This can lead to reduced blood sugar levels and decrease your risk of metabolic disorders." Olga Hays, an American Council on exercise-certified wellness promotion specialist at Sharp HealthCare, also added: "There is overwhelming evidence that even a short 10-minute workout performed at moderate to high intensity can make a huge difference in your health and fitness levels."  And the results are ones that are shared by health experts everywhere. Certified trainer Jessica Mazzucco explained: "Short bursts of exercise reduce health risks and benefit your heart and brain and lead to weight loss. "When you engage in a short burst of activity or a 10-minute workout and accumulate up to 30 minutes a day, you elevate your heart rate each time. "This can lead to reduced blood sugar levels and decrease your risk of metabolic disorders." Olga Hays, an American Council on exercise-certified wellness promotion specialist at Sharp HealthCare, also added: "There is overwhelming evidence that even a short 10-minute workout performed at moderate to high intensity can make a huge difference in your health and fitness levels." READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake With this in mind, qualified personal trainer, Nicole Chapman, created a six-week online workout programme called Power of Mum - a routine designed to empower people to be fitter and stronger in body and mind, through strength training and metabolic conditioning. Nicole explains: "I am a huge fan of 10 minute workouts, they are short enough to support all fitness levels and allows you to push yourself that little bit harder knowing it will be over quickly. "If the thought of a 30 minute workout is putting you off starting especially in this heat, this could be your answer." She added: "Quick and effective, you can choose to add weights or do this bodyweight only - no equipment needed. "It is suitable for all fitness levels and involves no jumping. This 10 minute interval training workout with its bursts of high intensity will get your heart rate up, burn calories, improve cardio fitness and muscle strength, all whilst protecting you from injury, joint damage, and pain." Perform each exercise for 45 seconds with a 15 second rest and repeat the circuit twice, with one minute rest between rounds. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] Muscles targeted - quads, glutes, hamstrings and core Start standing tall with feet hip-width apart and core tight. Take a big step backwards with the left foot and slowly drop the right knee towards the floor until the left thigh is parallel to the floor, forming a lunge position. Push the left heel into the floor and drive the back leg straight and return to the start position. Keep the torso upright and the core activated while moving and complete by alternating legs. Muscles targeted - glutes, hamstrings and quads Stand with feet shoulder width apart, send the hips back and bend at the knees until thighs are parallel to the floor. Keep chest lifted and knees driving out. Once at the bottom of the squat, push through the heels and extend the legs slightly to pulse up a couple of inches, then bend knees to return to the full squat. READ MORE: Michael Mosley weight loss: Remove three foods to stay slim Start in the high plank position, with hands shoulder width apart, directly beneath the shoulders. While keeping the core braced, bring one knee towards the chest then return it to the starting position. Repeat the movement with the other leg and continue to alternative legs, building a rhythm and pace that works. To reduce intensity, people can elevate this by placing their hands on a sofa or chair. Muscles targeted - obliques, shoulder, back and legs Lie on the left side with forearm flat on the floor, bottom elbow lined up directly under the shoulder with both legs extended out. Engage the core and lift hips off the floor. To reduce intensity, bend the bottom leg. Lower arm and rotate the core while threading the top arm through the space underneath the body. Unthread the arm and return to the starting position while keeping the hips raised throughout. For extra resistance, hold a dumbbell. Muscles targeted - glutes, hamstrings, quads and core Lie flat and bend knees, keeping them hip-width apart and plant feet on the floor. Rest arms down and press through the heels, tuck the pubic bone towards the belly button, squeeze glutes and raise the pelvis off the floor until the body forms a straight line from chin to knees and keep squeezing your glutes. Keep hips high, rise up on to tip toes, one leg at a time bring one bent knee towards the chest before returning to the floor on tip toes. To find out more about Nicole’s online strength and high intensity low impact cardio programmes, designed for all abilities, visit www.nicolechapman.com and follow @iamnicolechapman on Instagram.