Veteran Death in Paradise actor Ben Miller kick-started the show's success as the original detective, DI Richard Poole. Since his exit from the BBC comedy-drama, the show has become a worldwide hit, with creators now working on its spin-off Beyond Paradise. This new series will star the likes of Death in Paradise's second-ever detective, DI Humphrey Goodman, played by actor Kris Marshall. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Death in Paradise. Death in Paradise made its big debut on BBC One 11 years ago with DI Richard Poole (played by Ben Miller) leading the cast. He fronted the BBC series for the first two seasons and made his exit at the start of the third outing as Richard was killed with an ice pick. DI Humphrey Goodman (Kris Marshall) was then welcomed onto the island to track down his predecessor's killer. With the series returning for a 12th season next year, work is also beginning on the Death in Paradise spin-off Beyond Paradise. READ MORE: Jane McDonald suffers wardrobe 'disaster' painting challenge  This new series will revolve around Marshall's character Humphrey, with fans finding out what he got up to after leaving Saint Marie. He decided to leave the island life behind so he could be with his one true love Martha Lloyd (Sally Bretton) back in England. As news of the spin-off came out, fans were eager to know when it would begin and who would star in it. Actor Miller has since expressed his interest in rejoining the Death in Paradise universe for this upcoming series.   When asked if he might appear in Beyond Paradise by Radio Times, Miller said: "God I'd love to, is he really? That's so exciting, that's brilliant news! "I'd love to, I mean it's Kris – don't forget your mates. It's exciting, really great, I wonder how that's going to work? "Is he going to be on another Caribbean island? I look forward to that, that's really brilliant news." So could Miller really return to the world of Death in Paradise in Marshall's new show? DON'T MISS...Garraway slaps down Rayner over Starmer’s ‘fun’ at Wimbledon [VIDEO]Zoe Ball bids farewell to Radio 2 studio amid recent BBC shake-up [CAST]Boris Johnson resigns: Most likely candidate to replace the PM [EXPLAINER]  Sadly, it does seem unlikely that DI Richard Poole will be back as he was killed off in Death in Paradise season three. However, that doesn't mean Miller wouldn't be able to appear, but as a new character. As of yet, only Marshall and Lloyd have been announced for the Beyond Paradise cast. More actors who will star in the BBC show are expected to be revealed in due course.    Beyond Paradise will act as a follow-up story to Humphrey's time in Guadeloupe. The series is going to see him and Martha, who is now his fiancé, living in "rural Britain". Humphrey takes up a job as a DI in the town but didn't quite expect the ridiculously high crime rate, presenting him with a new intriguing case every week. It is believed that Beyond Paradise could premiere sometime in early 2023. Death in Paradise is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.   