It hasn't always been an easy road for The Repair Shop's resident woodwork connoisseur. Getting things off the ground proved a challenge in the early days for Will Kirk, until a heartbreaking tragedy turned his world upside down. Following the death of his father, Will shared with fans where he got his money to start up his own business. He revealed he first studied antique restoration, and then worked for London based furniture restorers before packing it in and going out on his own. Using his inheritance, he secured himself a workshop and put his skills learned to the test. He explained: "My father had passed away and I inherited a bit of money but not too much that I could go wild but enough for me to get a workshop and print out some flyers." READ MORE: Alastair Campbell ENDS interview with Piers Morgan Setting himself up however, would turn out to be the easy part, as Will soon discovered. It was drawing in business and customers that proved problematic for the budding TV show expert. "I just spent months handing flyers out and hearing nothing," Will remembered. "I think I made £890 in my first year. That went down well with my girlfriend. Nice, solid man to marry." However, it wasn't all endless doom and gloom for the British antique furniture restorer. His luck changed when he unknowingly "fit a piece of furniture for someone who worked for the production company". That production company only turned out to be making a show perfect for the craftsman and so, the conversations for The Repair Shop gig began. Pleased with what he saw, Will said the customer asked if he could revisit the workshop with "a camera and a few cans of beer". DON'T MISS...The Repair Shop’s Dominic Chinea launches new show  [UPDATE]The Repair Shop’s Will Kirk gobsmacked by story behind BBC show first [SPOILER]The Repair Shop's Platinum Jubilee special sparks backlash  [REVIEW] Sharing what happened next, Will revealed how he secured his slot in what would become the popular BBC One programme was quite strange. He told the TV Carpenter podcast: "He recorded me on camera, I didn't hear anything for about five, six months and then I got a phone call saying 'We're developing a show. "Do you mind if we come with you to drop off some furniture, film the people that you're dropping off for and record you fixing things,' and then two months later, 'Do you want to be on the show?'" Since hitting screens in 2017, Will has called The Repair Shop home and has never looked back. Becoming a much-loved cast member, the 37 year-old often has guests in tears at his restoration work. Fixing up people's past, the series is now in its 10th season and shows no sign of slowing down anytime soon. Delighting audiences, The Repair Show is an ode to throwaway culture and features a cast of expert craftspeople who bring once loved pieces of history back to life. Its most recent restorations include beekeeping equipment, a telescope and vintage radio. Catch up with season 10 of The Repair Shop on BBC iPlayer.