Arsenal have reportedly started the 'transfer process' to sign a Turkish wonderkid dubbed the next Mesut Ozil. Arda Guler only turned 17 in February, but the Fenerbahce rising star is said to already be attracting Premier League interest. Guler only made two Super Lig starts last season, but made a further 10 appearances from the bench for the Turkish giants. The young midfielder has already registered three goals and three assists, and Turkish fans have drawn comparisons to seven-time Ballon d'Or winner Lionel Messi. Now, a report from Turkish outlet Aksam, via FourFourTwo, claims Arsenal have begun talks over a prospective £25 million move for Guler. Premier League runners-up Liverpool have also been credited with an interest, but the report outlines the Gunners will attempt to hold off any rival interest by moving first. Guler was also afforded opportunities to impress in Fenerbahce's Europa Conference League campaign. The Turkish prospect contributed assists in both legs of the knockout play-off defeat to Slavia Prague. JUST IN: Arsenal target Lisandro Martinez 'hoping for Man Utd move' with update 'in next 48 hours'  Guler was promoted to Fenerbahce's senior setup last season, and is comfortable playing in a central attacking role or cutting in from the right flank to use his preferred left foot. The talented teenager even played alongside Ozil before the former Real Madrid star was suspended in March. Ozil spent seven-and-a-half seasons at Arsenal after Arsene Wenger convinced the German international to sign in a £42.5m deal in September 2013. The playmaker helped the Gunners end their trophy drought with three FA Cup successes, and finished the 2015/16 season as the Premier League's assist leader. READ MORE Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta can sign obvious Raphinha alternative for just £34m Arsenal chief Edu has already signed the perfect partner for Gabriel Jesus Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta told of 'ideal' next signing after Gabriel Jesus    However, Ozil's final years in the red-half of north London turned sour after signing a lucrative contract extension. The attacking midfielder saw his game-time reduced before being excluded from the squad under Mikel Arteta. Ozil ended this unhappy association with a free transfer to Fenerbahce in January 2021, and registered eight goals and three assists in 36 appearances in Turkey. However, the playmaker has once again been frozen out and manager Jorge Jesus has publicly confirmed he will never play for the club again. READ MORE: Jack Wilshere delivers Richarlison to Tottenham verdict with Arsenal transfer claim  Arteta is keen to strengthen his attacking options following the departures of both Pierre Emerick-Aubameyang and Alexandre Lacazette. Eddie Nketiah has signed a new contract, while the arrival of Gabriel Jesus is expected to be confirmed in the coming days. The Gunners have also been credited with an interest in Raphinha, although Chelsea currently appear to be the favourites to land the Brazil international. Guler could be viewed as an alternative target to provide competition for Bukayo Saka on the right flank. READ MORE: Arsenal transfer chief Edu 'wary' of making new Raphinha bid as Chelsea hold crunch talks 