Max Verstappen has hit out at the British media for the differing coverage of him being booed by supporters compared to Lewis Hamilton. Verstappen was booed by a section of fans while attempting to complete media duties after qualifying for the British Grand Prix at Silverstone on Saturday. The reigning world champion will start in second place behind Ferrari's Carlos Sainz. Verstappen won his maiden world title last year, beating Hamilton in a hugely controversial final lap of the season in Abu Dhabi. And the British fans have made it clear they are on the side of their home driver. Hamilton was also jeered at Verstappen's home race at Zandvoort last September. Verstappen claims the press made much more of that than they are of him being booed at Silverstone. He says the crowd reaction does not put him off ahead of Sunday's race but has questioned why there is a "big drama" from the media when Hamilton gets the same treatment.  Verstappen said: "It's pretty new that this is happening. It doesn't matter much to me. "The only pity about it was that I couldn't understand the interviewer very well. Other than that, I'm concentrating on what I have to do, which is to go fast on the track." "I don't care if I get booed. It is what it is. Lewis was not booed that bad in Zandvoort last year. In Zandvoort and Hungary it happened, and then it was a big drama. "It's the same with the British press. If it had been the other way around, you'd get a hundred questions about it. Now it's one question and they act like it's all very normal.  "The difference is that it doesn't bother me, or at least I don't ask for adjustments to be made. If they don't like me, that's their problem." This year's Dutch Grand Prix will again take place in Zandvoort in September. And Verstappen hopes the crowd does not give Hamilton a similar reaction. He continued: "I hope that Zandvoort will not react this way. It does not bother me at all, so it is not necessary for me either. "It does not necessarily give me extra strength. I hope on Sunday that I get 26 points, that's the most important thing for me, then we'll continue." 