Fabio Paratici has reportedly been sent to Italy to tie up a deal for Roma star Nicola Zalewski. The winger is next on Antonio Conte's shopping list of targets as he bids to overhaul his Tottenham squad ahead of his first full season in charge. Conte and sporting director Paratici have already made six signings as they attempt to transform Spurs int trophy contenders. And the Spurs boss is now thought to have set his sights on Zalewski, who has starred for Roma since breaking into the senior set-up last season. According to Calciomercato, Conte is 'literally crazy' for the wonderkid, who became a starter under Jose Mourinho last term. He was part of the team that won the Europa Conference League, Roma's first piece of silverware for 14 years. Conte is hoping he can also end Tottenham's trophy drought, with Paratici this week flying out to Italy for talks over the future of numerous players. One of those was Zalewski, who Conte is said to have 'fallen in love' with following his performances under Mourinho. READ MORE: Chelsea signing Kounde could help Spurs to sell out-of-favour star It is stated that the Spurs boss has requested Paratici 'try to catch' Zalewski from Roma's hands this summer. But he faces a huge battle to find an agreement with the Serie A giants over one of their brightest starlets. Zalewski has three years remaining on his contract and Mourinho is not keen to let him leave the Stadio Olimpico. Roma are yet to receive any concrete offers for the Polish international, though movement on that front could happen in the wake of Paratici's visit. DON'T MISS: Reason for Christian Eriksen choosing Man Utd over Tottenham return (INSIGHT)Ivan Perisic pinched dream shirt number off Tottenham team-mate (NEWS)Depay's Newcastle stance as Man Utd and Tottenham join transfer race (TRANSFERS) Spurs are also facing a challenge from Paris Saint-Germain for the 20-year-old, as they go on an overhaul themselves. With a new transfer chief arriving in Luis Campos, the Ligue 1 champions are changing strategy to sign younger stars with potential. Both teams will likely have to battle to convince Roma to sell Zalewski though, given his importance to Mourinho. It is stated that the winger is seen as being an 'irreplaceable player', which will make a deal hard to come by.