Suzy (played by Martelle Edinborough) has tried to turn her life around since turning up in Emmerdale and falling for Vanessa Woodfield (Michelle Hardwick). The newcomer to the village has wanted to put her days of taking drugs behind her, but Leyla Harding's (Roxy Shahidi) persistence to keep up the partying lifestyle has made this harder alongside memories everywhere of the fact she played a part in Holly Barton's (Sophie Powles) death. However, following Friday's instalment of the ITV soap, some hints were dropped about who Suzy could move on with if her secret were to end her relationship. At the beginning of the episode, Suzy and Jai Sharma (Chris Bisson) were seen sitting and enjoying a cup of coffee outside the village café. The pair were discussing a business presentation next week which will see the HOP provide activities for Hen and Stag parties in association with Take A Vow. As they discussed their plans, it seemed the pair got on really well and were ready to develop a successful business relationship. In the past, Jai has suffered from drug addiction and in fact, Suzy managed to get rid of his former drug dealer who was trying to get the businessman back on his books. So far, Suzy hasn't told Jai this piece of information but it shows she does seem to like him and supports his decision to stay sober. READ MORE: Jeff Hordley addresses 'upset' over Emmerdale co-star's exit They were interrupted by Liam Cavanagh (Jonny McPherson), who told Suzy he was going to take Leyla away for a few days. This left the newcomer concerned as she thought her past with drugs had been revealed and so she hot-footed it over to Leyla's house. "What's going on between you and Liam?" Suzy asked, with Leyla telling her: "Nothing, why?" "He came to the café saying you needed to take some time out. Has something happened? Has he found something on you or what?" the businesswoman proceeded to ask. Leyla replied: "No. I mean he did find out I lied to him about spending time with Priya and then he said I was acting weird and it did feel like he was trying to corner me to get me to tell him about the coke." "And did you?" the newcomer asked, with Leyla telling her: "No. He thinks that I've been relying too much on the wine recently so I had to agree." Despite Leyla being impressed with her efforts, Suzy was less so as she remarked: "It's not the wisest thing to tell a doctor, is it?" "I know, you don't have to tell me," Leyla said as she joked about the seriousness of the situation, with her friend stating: "Unless you're using and he's noticed." "No, I'm not, actually. I haven't used in a while," Liam's wife explained, with Suzy adding: "So how come you made me give you my dealer's number, then?" Referring to the fact Leyla blackmailed her friend for the number, she said: "I'm not proud of the way I behaved and if you must know, that was a wake-up call for me." DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Joanne Mitchell shares delight at playing 'baddy' Sandra [COMMENT]Nicola Wheeler health: Emmerdale star opens up about operation [ANALYSIS]Charley Webb leaves Emmerdale co-stars in tears with moving clip [COMMENT] "I haven't used since then. I swear," Leyla added, with her friend asking her: "You sure about that?" The businesswoman said: "Yes, I'm positive and Liam has got us on this health kick. He is watching me like a hawk, I have more than one unit a day and he's got the sirens going. "Now I can handle him, he just wants me to take a bit of time out, that's all," she continued with Suzy declaring: "Good because Liam can't know about any of this Leyla. "It could ruin it for both of us. Just don't give him anything else to think something's up. Look, this is important to me. "My life is in a good place here and things are going great with Vanessa and I don't want anything messing that up, alright?" It's already been confirmed from spoilers for next week's episodes Suzy will incriminate herself as her past with Holly is revealed. She will face some tough questions from her girlfriend Vanessa, who will implore her to tell Moira Barton (Natalie J Robb) what happened to her daughter. Unfortunately, she ends up lying to Moira's face and Vanessa is left questioning her relationship. If the village vet decides to end the romance, Suzy will feel as if her life has been destroyed and she cannot escape her past. Someone who would be able to understand what she's going through would be Jai, as his relationship with Laurel Thomas (Charlotte Bellamy) came to an end because of his addiction to drugs. As the pair talk about their problems, one thing could lead to another and they could end up spending the night together. Although many would think this would be a mistake, the next morning neither of them could feel any guilt about their night together. They could agree they would like to get to know each other a bit better and begin dating as they support each other through their struggles. The likes of Leyla and Vanessa would be confused by the new couple, wondering why they have decided to become an item. But will Vanessa get jealous and expose the truth about Suzy to Moira? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.