In a massive blunder, Russian forces mistakenly honed in on another Russian helicopter. The Ka-52 Alligator helicopter was flying over Russian soldiers in the Ukrainian southwestern port city of Kherson when it mistakenly began firing at them. Vladimir Putin’s Russian forces struck back and shot down their own helicopter – worth an estimated £12million – in Ukraine, Ukraine’s General Staff revealed. The Ukrainian military bosses made fun of the self-inflicted attack and joked it was a "gesture of goodwill" from the invading forces. Ukrainian forces claim a total of three helicopters were flying over the occupied region of Kherson and started to shoot at the Russian soldiers stationed on the ground. Amid intense firing, one of the three helicopters crashed, dealing another embarrassing blow to Putin’s men. All that was left from the plane was wreckage and smoke rising from the helicopter skeleton, footage by Ukrainian forces shows. Blunders like this one have become more recurrent, with the latest one happening just last week. Russian shot down its own £35million Su-34M fighter jet in Ukraine. In another mistaken attack, Russian soldiers tried to hone in on the US-supplied HIMARS rocket launchers but instead shot down a Russian bomber. The attack comes as Ukrainian forces have launched an operation to liberate Kherson. Presidential adviser Oleksiy Arestovych has revealed Ukraine’s strategy to corner Russian forces without giving specifics. However, he maintained there is a "certain plan" of the armed forces to "isolate [Russia’s] military operations". Upping the ante, another senior presidential adviser Mykhailo Podolyak said: "Occupiers should learn how to swim across the Dnipro River (that borders the port city of Kherson). Or should leave Kherson while it is still possible. There may not be a third warning." Ukrainian troops are multiplying strikes on strategic infrastructure like bridges to complicate Russian advances. One of the latest bridges destroyed is the key Russian-held Antonivskiy Bridge connecting Dashi to Kherson. READ MORE: Putin saving military might for NATO attack Confirming the strategy, Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelensky said: "We are doing everything to ensure that the occupying forces do not have any logistical opportunities in our country." Russian forces also appear to be undertaking a new strategy by redeploying troops to three southern regions of Ukraine, presidential adviser Oleksiy Arestovych said, as Russian troops are marching towards the Melitopol and Zaporizhzhia regions and Kherson. The new Ukrainian tactic seems to be paying off, as the UK Ministry of Defence reports the counter-offensive in Kherson is gathering momentum. DON'T MISS:Putin's defence chief outlines Russia REAL war aims [REVEAL]Getting really personal!' Putin moving goal to directly hit Zelensky [REPORT]Russia fears ‘latest US rocket bombardment’ paralysing Putin's army [REPORT] "Ukraine has used its new long-range artillery to damage at least three of the bridges across the Dnipro River which Russia relies upon to supply the areas under its control," the UK ministry of defence reported, confirming the presidential advisers’ statements. "One of these, the 1000 metre long Antonivskiy bridge near Kherson city, was damaged last week. Ukraine struck it again on July 27, 2022 and it is highly likely that the crossing is now unusable," the ministry said, adding Russian army "looks highly vulnerable" on the West bank of the Dnipro River. The intelligence update also confirms port city of Kherson is "now virtually cut off from the other occupied territories. Its loss would severely undermine Russia’s attempts to paint the occupation as a success." READ NEXT:Ukraine: Russian families pull rug from under Putin as they de...Fears energy bills to hit SHOCKING £3,850Ukrainian MPs back plan to hand Boris new job in Zelensky's war effortPutin facing tactical setback as overnight shelling leaves key supply Kyiv fury as Russia hits key port in missile strike after grain deal