The Princess was seen smiling alongside her father Prince William in a video of support for the Lionesses. This comes ahead of the UEFA Women's EURO England 2022 final, taking place this evening. Reacting to the video, @royallyblunt wrote: "Oh my darling!!! You are adorable and looking like Mummy here! And yes! We're rooting for the Lionesses." Another commenter nicknamed "The Cambridges" (@loveforcambridg) said: "Aww what a beautiful, super cute video! I absolutely love it. Good luck Lionesses." Emma Wade (@EmmaWade2) agreed, writing: "Charlotte is the cutest. Come on @lionesses you can do it!" JennyLear1606 (@JLear1606) added: "J’adore! "This could not be cuter. "I’m rooting for what they’re rooting for! Good luck, Lionesses!" Meanwhile, @ddofccourt wrote: "Awwwww Princess Charlotte! "Good Luck @lionesses. "Bring it home!" READ MORE: 'Super cute!' William delights fans in video with adorable Charlotte In the video, which was posted to William's joint Twitter account with the Duchess of Cambridge, the future King said: "We both want to wish the Lionesses the best of luck for tonight. "You've done amazingly well in the competition and we're rooting for you all the way." Princess Charlotte then chimed in: "Good luck, I hope you win. Bye!" The Lionesses will be playing against Germany at 5pm today at Wembley Stadium. Prince William will be attending the game with Charlotte and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge. On a visit to the woman's football team in Staffordshire last, William revealed that Charlotte herself is a keen football player. He told the team: "Charlotte wants me to tell you she’s really good in goal – a budding star for the future. "She said please can you tell them that and I said 'ok, I’ll tell them'." If the Lionesses win, this will be the first major trophy for the England women's team. It will also be the first football honour for the nation since the men's 1966 World Cup win. Germany has won the competition eight times so far, beating England 62 in the 2009 Euro final - the last time the two teams played one another at the tournament. England has won against Germany just twice, having played them 27 times. But one of those wins came in their most recent match, in February 2022.