BBC Breakfast sports presenter Mike Bushell was back on Saturday as he gave live coverage of the Commonwealth Games from Birmingham. During one segment, Mike spoke with gymnast Dominic Cunningham about his Commonwealth victory four years ago. However, before he turned back to Naga Munchetty and Roger Johnson in the studio, Mike ran off, leaving Dominic to finish the segment. Mike ran off after he recalled the time he spoke with Dominic on the beach after he won a gold medal at the Commonwealth Games four years ago. Speaking about being back for the sporting event, Dominic said: "Honestly, it's one of the best times of my life. "It's a memory, not just me, but my family, [as I] managed to get my family over there [the last time]. "We're not from the best background, but we managed to get over there to watch it and came back with a gold medal. READ MORE: ‘Floundering’ Harry’s US ambitions savaged by Sharon Osbourne "It's something that I'm going to treasure for a very, very long time and being here in Birmingham now it's such a different experience. "The last time we had a meeting on the beach, didn't we? And now we're on the concrete." Mike went on to admit: "I was a bit nervous about seeing Dominic today because literally four years ago after Dominic won gold and the team won gold, we met on a beach and Dominic wanted to celebrate at the end. "And so you got us all doing somersaults, but that was on the sand, that was on the beach." After playing a clip of that moment, the host continued: "You took over presenting as well, didn't you? But we are on concrete now." As Mike started to back away from Dominic, the gymnast began to panic as he pleaded: "Mike, Mike... Don't do this to me." Ignoring his pleas, Mike added: "I'm off, I've got to go, I've got to get ready..." As the sports presenter ran off, Dominic looked speechless, explaining: "He always does this to me." DON'T MISS...Escape to the Chateau’s Dick Strawbridge opens up on change to filming [VIDEO]Antiques Roadshow expert blown away by ‘rare’ World War II tool [REACTION]Monty Don wife: Who is the Gardeners' World presenter's wife? [INSIGHT] The gold medallist proceeded to do a backflip before speaking to Naga and Roger: "Back to you in the studio." "He has actually run away, Dominic," Roger pointed out as Naga continued: "He's gone, he has absolutely gone." "I am not impressed," Dominic told the hosts as he concluded the segment. Despite the mishap, Mike was back later on in the show where he continued to report from the Commonwealth Games.  Elsewhere in the programme, Naga suffered a blunder when she accidentally got the time wrong during one segment. The BBC host looked mortified as she told viewers it was 12.12pm, rather than 8.12pm. "No," Naga instantly corrected. "Good morning to you. It is 12 minutes past eight." BBC Breakfast airs weekdays at 6am on BBC One.