Top Boy is the epic drug-dealing drama on Netflix which was resurrected by the streaming service in 2019 after it was cancelled by Channel 4 in 2013. When Top Boy does make a comeback for season three, there will be a couple of new faces thrown into the mix. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about the new additions to the Top Boy cast.  WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Top Boy. Top Boy is going to see actors Brian Gleeson and Barry Keoghan introduced in season three of the Netflix drama. Irish actor Brian Gleeson has been in various well-known series like The Bisexual, Taken Down, Rebellion, Resistance and Frank of Ireland. Most recently, he was Ross in the Sky Atlantic drama The Lazarus Project. However, period drama fans will most likely recognise him from Peaky Blinders. READ MORE: Outlander’s Caitriona Balfe details Claire scene she didn’t film  Gleeson plays season five antagonist Jimmy McCavern, the leader of the Billy Boys and a member of the Glasgow razor gang. He was responsible for the horrific death and crucifixion of amateur boxer Bonnie Gold (Jack Rowan) who was also the son of gypsy hitman Aberama Gold (Aidan Gillen). Aberama was desperate to get his revenge at MP Oswald Mosley's (Sam Claflin) rally but McCavern was instead murdered by an unknown assailant. Actor Gleeson will also be starring in the Apple TV+ comedy Bad Sisters later this year. Joining the Top Boy season three cast alongside Gleeson will be actor Barry Keoghan. He has made appearances in The Killing of a Sacred Deer, Dunkirk and The Batman starring Robert Pattinson. There are plenty of projects in the work for the Irish actor as well as he will be in The Banshees of Inisherin, Saltburn, Masters of the Air and Sapphire. Little is known about Gleeson and Keoghan's characters just yet but they will be called Tadgh and Jonny respectively. DON'T MISS...Star Trek Strange New Worlds: Uhura star on the ‘outpour’ of reactions [REACTION]Top Boy season 3: Dushane to step aside as Stef and Sully war sealed? [THEORY]Top Boy plot hole: Jamie should've been arrested before Sully twist [PLOT HOLE] Production on the final chapter of Top Boy has now begun in London. The drama was last seen in March 2022 and with filming just starting, it is unlikely Top Boy will be returning before the end of the year. So fans may have to wait until early 2023 to delve into the last ever series. Given how season two came to a close, this third outing is bound to be an epic one.  Jamie (Micheal Ward) was ordered by Dushane (Ashley Walters) to kill his best friend Kit (Kadeem Ramsay) after he hired someone to beat up youth Ats (Keiyon Cook). But when things got out of hand, he ended up murdering Ats and for this, Jamie killed Kit. The most shocking moment came in the last few moments of the series when Sully (Kano) showed up and shot Jamie at his flat in front of his younger brothers. How will Dushane react to this attack and could it lead to more rivalries among the Summerhouse gang? Top Boy is available to watch on Netflix. 