Boris Johnson confirmed he will formally quit as Prime Minister after his successor is announced on September 5. However, the 96-year-old monarch is expected to still be in Scotland during her summer visit to Balmoral as Parliament returns after the recess. The Queen does not traditionally return to the English capital until early October. The timeline of Mr Johnson's departure from Downing Street has raised concerns about the Queen being forced to make a swift return to Windsor Castle or Buckingham Palace. However, a Number 10 spokesperson has dismissed such a suggestion. According to the Telegraph, they said: "I am sure we will work something out. JUST IN: Ex-No10 aide warns Tory members largely 'undecided' in race to replace Boris Johnson "He would not be adverse to going up to Scotland." Such a move would make Mr Johnson the first of the Queen's 14 Prime Ministers to tender their resignation at the Royal Family's Scottish retreat. Following Mr Johnson's resignation, the Queen is expected to invite the candidate who is elected as Tory Party leader to form a Government and replace him. The outgoing Prime Minister and his wife Carrie were scheduled to be invited to Balmoral at the beginning of September for the annual Braemar Games. The visit could enable Mr Johnson to be available to resign if needed. The Queen's visit to Balmoral last year was significant as it was the first she had made without her late husband Prince Philip. However, other members of the Royal Family are again expected to join Her Majesty. The Earl and Countess of Wessex, the Cambridges, the Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall are all expected to join her in the coming weeks. DON'T MISS: Angry Tory members DEMAND vote on Boris Johnson being reinstated as PM [REVEAL]EU try to BULLY Britain over Brexit with next PM [INSIGHT]Truss masterplan on hated deal expected to clear Commons [ANALYSIS] Sarah Ferguson even accompanied Prince Andrew last year for the first time in years, suggesting she had been welcomed back into the royal fold. The Telegraph has claimed the Duchess of York is expected to join the Firm in Balmoral yet again.