Neighbours star Ian Smith landed in the UK with a plan, but one head-tilted look later and he was under the spell like everyone else. The Harold Bishop actor shared details of his meeting with the Queen Mother. Neighbours star and Harold Bishop actor Ian Smith couldn't escape the charm of the Queen Mother during his visit to the UK. The Royal Family member was a huge fan of the Australian soap and before meeting her, Ian did his research. Watching a television programme that revealed the royal figure's mannerisms, he decided he wouldn't let her win him over. Little did he know how wrong he was to think he could ever resist. READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes slams 'hypocritical' Prince Harry over climate change He shared: "It was a show about how the Queen Mother won over whoever she met with this little submissive head to the side when she talked to them. "I thought, 'Oh no, you won't get me, madam. No, far too wary for that.' "We met, she spoke to me, her head went to the side, I thought, 'Oh, isn't she nice? Oh, bugger. She caught me. She got me!' "She was just so charming, and it was nice to know she was a fan of the show." With the long-running soap coming to an end, Ian took some time to reminisce over his character and shed light on why he thought Harold was such a show icon. Sharing his favourite thing about playing the Erinsborough resident, he revealed: "My father was a huge part of Harold. "He was a fumbling man; I don't think he was sure of one thing he said in his life. "By the time I'd finished making him I realised there were quite a few people within his personality. There was about seven people jammed into one person. DON'T MISS...Neighbours’ Jackie Woodburne on 'heartbreaking' farewell to character [INSIGHT] Kylie Minogue and Jason Donovan unite for last Neighbours' episode [INSIGHT]Channel 5 boss reveals real reason for Neighbours axe [UPDATE] "I loved him; he was such a fun character to play." Of course, being a soap opera meant many storylines and character narratives to be a part of and Ian remembered his favourite plot twist on the famous drama. The death of Madge shocked viewers and cast members alike and it sits in the forefront of Ian's show memory bank. He also highlighted the time he was married to Madge and revealed a backstage mishap when the ring wouldn't go on his own finger. "When the ring was put on my finger, I had the most terrible psoriasis of my hands, and they had to use the director's hands, so it wasn't even my hand in the scene," he said. The iconic listing was cancelled this year and for long-standing cast members and newbies too, the absence of the show will leave a big whole. "I'm going to be shocking on the last night of Neighbours. It really will be an end of an era," Ian expressed his sadness at the news. Neighbours: The Finale airs Friday 29th July at 9pm on Channel 5.