Shower hoses, which connect the shower system with the shower head, can be heavily affected by limescale build up. This is especially the case for those living in hard water areas. Limescale is essentially a thick chalky deposit that builds up on surfaces where hard water has evaporated, which causes showers, taps, baths and sinks to look unsightly. Fortunately, fans of Mrs Hinch have taken to their dedicated cleaning groups on social media to share their top tips on banishing limescale from shower hoses. Posting on Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, one woman asked for advice on tackling the limescale build up on her shower hose. Laura Taylor wrote: “How do you all remove the limescale build up from the shower hose?” While this problem cannot be avoided, there are different products to help shift them when the build up occurs. Though there are plenty of limescale busting cleaning products available, many people are moving towards using all-natural substances around their home. One of which, homeowners may already have ready in their kitchen cupboard. READ MORE: Property warning: Three signs you shouldn’t trust your estate agent Most people would agree that they would rather not use harsh chemicals close to their skin, so Mrs Hinch fans have suggested using white vinegar to solve the issue. Cathy Homes said: “I spray mine with white vinegar and then a toothbrush, it works well on everything.” Tracey Hindmarch commented: “I just use white vinegar on the shower heads and any limescale areas. “Put a bag over and leave it for a few hours then it all comes off. “No effort whatsoever! I usually do any mould spots with bleach on cotton pads at the same time and it looks like a new bathroom once it's done.” DON'T MISS: Garden pests: ‘Easiest way’ to deter foxes in gardens using 70p spice [TIPS]Common watering ‘mistakes’ to ‘avoid’ when watering garden plants [EXPERT]‘Peak time of day’ to water garden plants - ‘timing is everything’ [INSIGHT] Marta Riley suggested: “Just spray with white vinegar every now and again and that does all the work for you.” Elizabeth Clarkson advised: “Pop everything in a big freezer bag and soak in white vinegar, it will come up a treat.” Julie Helyard instructed: “Soak in white vinegar! I did mine last weekend and it brings it off a treat.” Debbie Sykes said: “Try wrapping it in tissue or blue cloth and soak it with white vinegar.” READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans share 29p hack to get rid of ants in homes ‘for good’ Siobhan Corcoran-Smith agreed: “Soak kitchen towel in white vinegar and wrap around [the hose] and leave to soak.” The good news is, as limescale has a high pH, making it an alkaline, an acid natural substance such as white vinegar works wonders to remove it. The acidic liquid can melt away hard water and limescale stains with a simple soak. White vinegar can be picked up from local supermarkets such as Tesco and Asda for 29p. Other Mrs hinch fans suggested pairing white vinegar with baking soda. Charlotte Stockdale said: “Put it in a bag, tie and fill bag with vinegar and baking soda.” Lizzie Conway replied: “I had the same, left it in a bowl of white vinegar, baking soda and water, came up as new.” Tom Cox added: “Just spray with white vinegar then add baking soda and lightly scrub with a toothbrush.”