Monty Don is Britain's best-loved gardener and face of the widely popular Gardeners' World on BBC Two. The presenter has been hosting the iconic series since 2003 with the setting even moving to his own garden, Longmeadow, in Herefordshire, in 2011. Sadly, fans will be disappointed to know that he is going to be missing from the upcoming episode of the horticultural series. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Gardeners' World. Gardeners' World airs every Friday evening on BBC Two, giving viewers tips and tricks on how they can make the most of their outdoor space. However, this week, it is airing on a Thursday due to the sports coverage across the BBC. Monty Don, 66, is the frontman of the horticultural show with a massive loyal fanbase who look forward to his take on gardening every week. Unfortunately, Monty won't be featured in the latest episode with Adam Frost, Carol Klein, Joe Swift and Sue Kent taking over the reins. But there is a very good reason as to why Monty hasn't been able to film alongside the rest of the Gardeners' World team.  READ MORE: Outlander’s Caitriona Balfe details Claire scene she didn’t film The famous RHS Hampton Court Palace Garden Festival has been taking place in early July with gardeners flocking to the stunning historic building for the annual event. Monty will be among the experts talking at the festival, giving fans an opportunity to ask him for advice on how to spruce up their green spaces. While he may be busy taking part in the event, the rest of the team are going to be revealing highlights from the festival. According to the instalment's synopsis, they will "meet the designers and growers and share the season’s must-have flowers and plants on display at the biggest flower show in the world." At the end of the previous Gardeners' World episode, Monty talked of the special event. He told viewers: "Next week is the RHS Hampton Court Garden Festival. "Now the team will be there and we have a programme next Thursday at 9pm, coming from the flower show." It is unfortunate news for fans though as the series will be taking a break from our screens after this episode airs. DON'T MISS...Kate Garraway’s trousers ‘split wide open’ as GMB host panics [VIDEO]Monty Don shares ‘secret’ for ‘better’ container plant displays [EXPLAINER]Monty Don shares the job to do ‘immediately’ if you spot blight [CAST] Taking to Twitter to share the scheduling plans, Monty wrote: “The end of two days (hot) filming for next week’s GW (1.7.22). "It is Hampton Court Flower Show the week after that and then we are off air for some reason so will not be back at Longmeadow until July 22. “So it goes every summer when the garden is at its best.” It is unclear how many episodes will air as part of this series once Gardeners' World returns at the end of the month. Monty is the owner of Longmeadow where Gardeners' World is filmed every week. The two-acre land was previously an abandoned field, covered in builders' rubble. Monty bought the land back in 1991 and has managed to transform it into a stunning garden. Gardeners' World continues every Thursday at 9pm on BBC Two.