The fourth season of Virgin River arrived on Netflix earlier this month as fans finally got to witness the next steps in Mel Monroe (played by Alexandra Breckenridge) and Jack Sheridan’s (Martin Henderson) rollercoaster love story. Season four delivered the answers to the burning questions surrounding the two - from their paternity dilemma to future marriage plans. However, while the pair’s chemistry on-screen is part of what’s made Virgin River a global smash, Breckenridge has opened up about her off-screen relationship with Henderson. The Virgin River star candidly admitted she finds it “hard” to keep up her friendship with Henderson away from filming thanks to him living in his native New Zealand. So much so, the Mel Monroe actor claimed she and Henderson “don’t talk a whole lot” between the production of the Netflix drama. “We know each other really well,” Breckenridge said of her co-lead. She went on: “We don’t talk a whole lot off-season, but I always miss him because I spend so much time with him. READ MORE: Alexandra Breckenridge husband: Who is Virgin River star married to? “We spend so much time together for four months out of the year, between the seasons I’m like, 'Where did my friend go?' “But he tends to be in New Zealand a lot so it’s hard to reach out because of the time difference,” Breckenridge told Parade. Despite their struggles to stay in contact away from filming, Virgin River fans will be glad to know the pair remain good friends. In fact, the duo regularly take part in Instagram lives together during Virgin River’s hiatus off-screen. Luckily for the two actors, season five of Virgin River has also already entered production. This means no more lost contact between filming as the show’s official Instagram account confirmed the day before season four’s premiere. The show’s account shared a screen grab of a Zoom table read in which Breckenridge and Henderson were joined by the rest of the show’s main cast. It captioned the post: “A snapshot of our amazing cast during a table read for SEASON 5.. DON'T MISS:Virgin River’s Alexandra Breckenridge addresses Mel and Cam romanceVirgin River fans ‘disappointed’ over Charmaine baby twistMartin Henderson sparked panic with Virgin River injury after stunt “Yes, you heard that right folks….We have now started production on SEASON 5! “Also, please meet our lovely new Show-runner for S5 @patrickseansmith (pictured here.) “We can’t WAIT for you to see what we have in store. Don’t forget though, Season 4 is only 2 days away. See you soon!!” The likes of Zibby Allen, Colin Lawrence, Sarah Dugdale, Tim Matheson, Annette O’Toole and Benjamin Hollingsworth were also taking part. And it wasn’t just fans of the show who expressed their delight at the production update. Brady star Hollingsworth replied to the Instagram post: “Small town, BIG cast and an ever BIGGER hearts. “Excited to share 4 and start season 5! Let’s goooooooooo!” While season four newcomer and Denny star Kai Bradbury simply replied: “HERE WE GOOO!!!” (Sic) Virgin River seasons 1-4 are available to stream on Netflix now.