According to the weather experts, parts of England and Wales might witness extreme weather conditions with 33C, which may be the “peak of the heat.” The UK has been battling with the heatwave over the last two days with the Met Office and UK Health Security Agency issuing guidelines to deal with the heat.  A 'Level Three Heat Health Alert' has been issued for next week, highlighting the potential health impacts of this type of weather. Darren Bett, a BBC weather presenter, said: “Over the week ahead, the heat is going to return and it’s going to turn to England and Wales and it’s going to be hot for a prolonged period of time. “It’s going to be cooler in Scotland and Northern Ireland but across the UK a high-pressure building in on Sunday which means temperatures are going to rise in that strong sunshine. “Temperatures are lifting across the board. Highest temperatures across Wales with 27C to 29C.  “As we enter Monday, the breeze will pick up in Scotland and Northern Ireland and we could see a but more cloud here. “The more direct sunshine is going to across England and Wales with temperatures getting above 30C across parts of Yorkshire. “As we move into Tuesday, the high pressure is going to squeeze away, bringing a little rain to Scotland and Northern Ireland. “The heat is getting squeezed down to south-west where temperatures could reach 33C and that’s maybe the peak of the heat over the next few days.”  READ MORE: Caravan owners 'forced off' holiday site by new rule Thursday looks set to be a dry sunny day with moderate temperatures, with highs mostly in the low to mid-20s Celsius, perhaps high 20s in the south-east. However, towards the weekend there is a high chance that much of Spain and south-western France will be seeing temperatures in excess of 40C. This heat has the potential to extend further north and east, possibly as far north as the British Isles, as we are expecting some continental air to move in over the weekend  According to Met Office, the warm spell will continue for southern and central areas into next week, with only a slight dip in peak temperatures on Wednesday and Thursday before a possible move back to very high temperatures at the end of next week and over the following weekend. Met Office Deputy Chief Meteorologist, David Oliver, said: “The warm weather over much of England and Wales could last for much of next week. “In the short term, many can expect temperatures in the mid to high 20s Celsius over the weekend, and then in the low 30s Celsius during the start of next week. “Much of next week will remain warm for the time of year as well as dry and sunny for many areas.”  DON'T MISS:Kate’s ‘philanthropic’ parents plan to shelter Ukrainian refugeesEight fire engines and 60 firefighters tackle blaze in EdmontonKate sizzles in yellow dress as she presents Wimbledon ladies trophy Thursday looks set to be a dry sunny day with moderate temperatures, with highs mostly in the low to mid-20s Celsius, perhaps high 20s in the south-east. However, towards the weekend there is a high chance that much of Spain and south-western France will be seeing temperatures in excess of 40C. This heat has the potential to extend further north and east, possibly as far north as the British Isles, as we are expecting some continental air to move in over the weekend 