It's not is it? It's celebrity. It's our all pervading drug of choice. Every newspaper, every TV show, the entire internet and social media - it's all super-charged by minutiae about the lives of the rich, famous and stupid. Witness the way the nation stopped and held its collective breath as the stroke of noon approached today and, with tolling of the bell, a weighty pronouncement, not on the bloody war raging in Europe, not on the fact no-one in Britain can afford to pay their gas bill, not even on the fact the nation has a zombie government with no one at the controls.  Nope, we were anxious to know if one unremarkable but pretty woman with far too much money had said slightly mean things about another unremarkable but pretty woman with far too much money. And, a judge said she had. For clarity: Rebekah Vardy, wife of Leicester City and England football player Jamie Vardy, lost her libel case against Coleen Rooney, wife of brilliant ex-footballer turned not-quite-so-brilliant football manager, Wayne Rooney. Ms Vardy's job is described on Wikipedia as "media personality", which is not something you see very often on the wall at the JobCentre. Anyway, she now faces a bill estimated at £3million. Whoever came up with that phrase about talk being cheap must be keeping his head down this afternoon. It is fortunate perhaps that her estimably talented hubby picks up £7 million a year for putting in a shift at Leicester - but one would still love to be the fly on the wall at the Vardy tea-table tonight. So what was it all about? Well, on the face of it not much. Ms Vardy helped leak some iffy stories about Ms Rooney to The Sun. Ho hum. (Insider tip - happens all the time in newspapers... and much, much more famous people do it too). And this is because in celeb land the only thing worse than being talked about is not being talked about - because to celebs that's not just a witty phrase it's a pay check.   The judgement handed down, by the way, is actually extremely complex, definitely not for those social media types more comfortable with Ms Vardy's more preferred economy of language and admirable appreciation of Anglo Saxon. Twitter users however did not let complexity get in the way of full-throated derision in 280 characters or less. For quick comedy value there's: "BREAKING Rebekah Vardy has now released a formal statement - ‘Yeah but, no but, yeah but, no but…shut up’." Or the more weighty but accurate: "Hearing that #wagathachristie has given Rebekah Vardy “Terrible Brand Damage” sums up some of the sh*t fest social media influencing culture this country has." And perhaps most rapier-like of all: "Wayne Rooney and Jamie Vardy… both well respected professional sportsmen stood holding hands in court with two birds arguing over an Instagram post about what pyjamas their kids wore on Halloween and a flooded kitchen! What a pair of fannys! " Oh well, enjoy it all, we're back to wars, famine and the interminable search for some bugger to run the country tomorrow. Actually, come to think of it, Rebekah Vardy's probably not doing much...