Louise Jacobi, 32, is a Chicago-born textiles designer who travels the world supporting Wimbledon hero Cameron Norrie, 26. The pair first met in the summer of 2019, and in October of that year, Louise lost her job after her employer went bankrupt. Initially, Louise "just wasn't interested" in Norrie because he was always away travelling, but his "persistence" made her reconsider. But when Norrie heard Louise had lost her job, he invited her to watch him in action in Vienna - where she had a "wonderful time". And she credits being laid off as the reason the couple were able to build a relationship. Louise told the PA news agency: "When he asked me (to go to Vienna), I thought, 'I guess this guy doesn't live a normal life, and it's not like I can meet (him) down the street and go to dinner together.' READ MORE: Janette Manrara admits health fears amid gruelling Strictly schedule "So I went on this trip and was only supposed to be in Vienna for five days, and things just went really well. "I had a wonderful time with him. "In some weird way, I was like, 'Thank God I got laid off when I did', because we were able to build the foundation of our relationship before Covid hit." Since losing her job in 2019, Louise has now founded a homeware and fashion accessory shop called Studio Virgo. Despite her busy career, she still makes sure she is there to cheer on Norrie when he is in action and loves "travelling the world" with the Johannesburg-born Brit. Louise was in the stands for Norrie's epic Centre Court win over David Goffin on Tuesday and broke down in tears after the five set thriller. Speaking about the match, she said: "It was surreal. When your significant other is crying in front of you - like choking up - how could I keep a dry eye? "I remember him saying when we first met: 'Oh, my dream would be to be in the top 10.' DONT MISS:Arlene Phillips, 79, looks decades younger as she stuns at TRIC Awards (PHOTOS)David Beckham debuts unusual new tattoo on his hand at Wimbledon (NEWS)Strictly's Shirley Ballas, 61, in very busty display at TRIC Awards (LATEST) "Back then I didn't know it was going to transpire, and just watching his hard work pay off has been insane." Louise revealed Goffin's wife - Stephanie Tuccitto - was gracious in defeat following the pulsating encounter. She is friends with some of the sportsmen's partners, but admitted it's "difficult" when their significant others have to go head-to-head. Louise confessed: "It's difficult because these girls are so nice, and then our boyfriends have to play against each other," she said. "But for the most part, everyone has been really nice, really supportive - good camaraderie. "Stephanie even retweeted congratulations."