The Government is exploring aligning access to free prescriptions with the state pension age in a bid to save the NHS money. In the UK, the state pension age is 66 however anyone can claim free prescriptions in England once they turn 60. In comparison, those who are residents in Scotland or Wales can claim free medication no matter what age they are. If this proposal is introduced, millions of over 60s who would otherwise have been eligible for this support will have to wait longer. Prescription charges in England are £9.35 per item but many have to claim multiple prescriptions. As a result of this, many older people are having to spend hundreds of pounds a year to pay for medication to mitigate their health condition. Potential changes to free prescriptions involving the state pension age could arrive at the same time as the rise in the cost of living. READ MORE: State pensioners may be able to increase sum by up to £14.75 weekly Households are dealing with an increase in energy bills and inflation which is hurting their ability to pay expenses, including prescription charges. Older people are being particularly affected by the rise in the cost of living and having to pay for their medications when they otherwise would have gotten them for free, has received criticism from some people. Caroline Abrahams, Age UK’s charity director, noted that the proposal to hike free prescription eligibility to the state pension age is an “unfair” one. The expert explained: “This policy proposal seems all the more unfair because prescriptions are free for everyone in Scotland and Wales. “There’s a strong public health case for heading in that direction here in England too. “Instead, our government wants to do the opposite: make many more people pay for their medicines, and at an age when it’s all the more important they take them, to control conditions that left untreated can lead to really serious medical problems, piling more pressure onto the NHS. “If ever there was a self-defeating policy, this is it, and we know that many medical experts agree with us.” Ms Abrahams noted that those who are no longer eligible for free prescriptions on the NHS would have to turn to a Pre-Payment Certificate which could prove costly.  READ MORE: ‘Game over!’ Woman, 42, watches as hackers steal £10,000 in attack  This certificate saves people money if they need more than three items in 3 months, or 11 items in 12 months. As it stands, a NHS prescription Prepayment Certificate would cost an individual £30.25 for 3 months or £108.10 for 12 months. She added: “If someone in this age group decides their best option is to buy a Pre Payment Certificate every year it would cost them more than £600 in their run up to retirement, so from that point of view this really is a stealth tax on older people. “However, it’s also clear that some could end up paying a lot more than that, because awareness of these Certificates is quite low, and that others could buy one and then find they would have been better off without it. This seems really unfair. “Essentially we think this is a terrible proposal that deserves never to see the light of day. “We hope that thousands of people will respond to the Government’s consultation and tell them so in no uncertain terms. Ministers definitely need to think again.” A Department of Health and Social Care spokesperson said: “Around 90 percent of community prescription items in England are free of charge, and people don’t pay if they are on a low income, over 60 years old, or have certain medical conditions. “The upper age exemption has not changed since 1995 and that is why we have consulted on restoring the link with the state pension age. We are considering the responses carefully and will respond in due course.”