MEPs will be debating Poland's position in the EU after the Commission blocked recovery funds to Warsaw as it failed to comply with critical reforms to its judicial system. Though despite Ursula von der Leyen's commitment to withhold funds, her Commission is currently split over whether Poland has met its requirement to restore the independence of its judges. The dilemma is expected to cause a row in Parliament as MEPs continue to fight for the rule of law to be respected across the bloc. Should the Commission chief rule in favour of Warsaw, MEPs are expected to lash out against her. MEPs will also debate who will be the new director-general of the Parliament's administrative wing. The EPP candidate, Alessandro Chiocchetti, former assistant to Marcello Dell'Utri who was convicted and sentenced to prison for seven years for his ties with the Mafia, is already causing mayhem in Strasbourg. Mr Chiocchetti is currently the head of Cabinet for Parliament President Roberta Metsola. His links to Silvio Berlusconi and his allies, including Mr Dell'Utri, are a source of controversy among MEPs. One official told Politico: “He is really the worst that you could have chosen." To make things ever more heated in Strasbourg this week, Bulgaria's secret services found out that Russia is paying Bulgarian public figures to spread its propaganda. Their data shows that Vladimir Putin is paying about €2000 per month to journalists and politicians to spread its lies in the country. It comes after Bulgaria's government expelled 70 Russian diplomats last week. In response, Russia's ambassador to Bulgaria, an EU and NATO member state and once a close ally of Russia, said last week she would ask Moscow to close its embassy in Sofia over the expulsions. READ MORE: Copenhagen shooting: Gunman opens fire in shopping centre The divisions within the bloc come as the EU is also on the verge of facing a deep recession, according to economists. The head of Germany's energy regulator warned that the 15 billion euros' worth of credit lines provided by the government to buy gas for storage facilities may not be enough, according to an interview in the WirtschaftsWoche magazine on Monday. Germany, the eurozone biggest economy, has sounded the alarm over gas shortages in response to dwindling supplies from Russia, in an escalating energy standoff between the West and Moscow after the invasion of Ukraine in February. Bundesnetzagentur head Klaus Mueller said that the 15 billion euros might not be enough for Germany to fill up its gas storages by the winter because the supply squeeze may push up prices even higher in the meantime. Germany has federally mandated targets to fill up its gas storages to 80 percent and 90 percent by October and November, respectively. DON'T MISS:Ukraine: Putin's horror ‘hunger plan’ could send millions to star [INSIGHT]Russia on brink of caving on peace talks as 'deep freeze' war looms [VIDEO]Brexit POLL: Should a second referendum be made illegal? [POLL] Current storage levels are at about 61 percent. Economists have warned there is a least a two in five chance of a European recession. George Buckley, a Nomura economist wrote that Europe is currently under “conditions that are very much global in nature (surging energy prices and inflation, rising geopolitical risks and uncertainty), which leads us to believe that European economies will suffer the same fate – recession – as the US". Analysts at JP Morgan Chase, the US investment bank, also warned that Russia could also cause “stratospheric” oil price increases. They wrote: “It is likely that the [Russian] government could retaliate by cutting output as a way to inflict pain on the west. “The tightness of the global oil market is on Russia’s side.” Kay Neufeld and Jonas Keck, economists at the Centre for Economics and Business Research, said Russia’s invasion of Ukraine has created “a veritable pan-European crisis".