LIV Golf defector Ian Poulter had an opening round to forget at the Scottish Open at The Renaissance Club on Thursday, after carding a disastrous eight-over par 78. Poulter’s name was the name on everybody’s lips at this week’s event, after winning a legal battle against the DP World Tour to compete. Poulter and his fellow LIV Golf rebels were banned from the event in North Berwick, as well as being handed a £100,000 fine after joining the Saudi-backed series’ without the DP World Tour’s consent. The Englishman - clearly outraged by the decision - appealed the suspension which proved successful just days before the tournament kicked off. It seemed all of his legal hard work was in vain though, as Poulter endured a nightmare opening round around The Renaissance Club, which left him 153rd on the leaderboard after day one. During his calamitous round, the 46-year-old carded a total of nine bogeys with just one birdie. Heading to the co-sanctioned DP World and PGA Tour event, Poulter knew he was arriving with the limelight on him following his overturned ban. Many - including DP World Tour bosses - had criticised Poulter’s recent European golf commitments, having spent most of his recent career competing in America on the PGA Tour. DON'T MISS: Rory McIlroy opens up on locker room anger at Saudi LIV stars and tells them to not return The Englishman, though, believes he is ‘as committed’ to the Wentworth-based circuit ‘as anyone’. He said: “Quite a few [Europeans] have given their card up through the years. But I have been as committed to this tour as anyone. I have sacrificed a good few FedEx [Cup] points along the way because of that. “This has always been my home tour for 24 years. Why should that change?” Unsurprisingly, all four of the LIV Golf members were grouped together in Scotland, with Poulter joining Branden Grace and Justin Harding playing with Adrian Otaegui. The latter two were shipped in the opening group of the tournament on day one, whilst Poulter and Grace were hurried out first on day two. DON'T MISSWoods and McIlroy crack jokes on Adare Manor range in Open warm-upCasey’s words come back to haunt him as he defects to Saudi League‘Sour 16’ LIV defectors look to engineer coup against DP World chief After heading out early on Friday morning Poulter would have been keen to put his day one disaster behind him, however the windy conditions at The Renaissance once again made things tricky. The Englishman followed up his opening 78, with a slightly improved two-over-par 72 on day one. This leaves the 12-time DP World Tour winner scrambling around the bottom of the leaderboard on 10-over-par, currently leaving him in a tie for 151st. This means Poulter’s chaotic week is set to come to a disappointing end, with his opening 36-hole score way off the predicted cut line. 