Royal author Tom Bower claimed that Meghan had shut down "inappropriate" jokes when Prince Harry had 16 friends to stay at Sandringham for a shooting party. Speaking about Prince Harry in the leadup to the Sandringham trip, royal commentator Celia Walden joked: "As I picture the scene, all I can see is a blinkered young man whistling cheerfully as he crosses a railroad track, oblivious to the freight train speeding towards him." She added: "You see I’ve been in a room with a load of Eton boys, and I’ve been in a room with a gaggle of Meghan-style LA women, and to say that these are two are a different species – specifically where humour is concerned – is an understatement." Writing in the Telegraph, Ms Walden joked that the Duchess of Sussex deems "pretty much everything" offensive. In his book, Mr Bower claimed that the guests at Prince Harry's shooting party made jokes "involving sexism, feminism and transgender people" - all of which Meghan "challenged". He wrote: "He had not anticipated Meghan's reaction - Their jokes, involving sexism, feminism and transgender people, ricocheted around the living rooms and dining rooms. "Without hesitation, Meghan challenged every guest whose conversation contravened her values. "Again and again she reprimanded them about the slightest inappropriate nuance. "Driving home after Sunday lunch, the texts pinged between the cars: 'OMG what about HER?' said one; 'Harry must be f---ing nuts'." The trip took place in 2016, shortly after Meghan and Harry went public with their relationship. READ MORE: Meghan praised for calling out Harry's 'upper-class toff' friends In recent years, Meghan has praised her husband for being a feminist and a "beautiful" role model for their children. In a conversation with feminist campaigner Gloria Steinem for Vogue magazine, Meghan said of Prince Harry: "I love that when he just came in he said, 'You know that I’m a feminist too, right Gloria?! It’s really important to me that you know that.' "And I look at our son and what a beautiful example that he gets to grow up with a father who is so comfortable owning that as part of his own self-identification. "That there’s no shame in being someone who advocates for fundamental human rights for everyone, which of course includes women." DON'T MISS: Self-serving Hollywood elite! Meghan fails over 'selfless service' [INSIGHT] Prince Harry preaches on climate change while he takes 21 private j... [REVEAL] Prince Harry merciessly mocked by South African newspaper [REPORT] Meghan was speaking with Ms Steinem in response to the US Supreme Court decision to overturn Roe v Wade and limit women's access to abortions. The Duchess said the decision tells women that their "physical safety doesn't matter". Meghan said: "This is having a very real impact on women’s bodies and lives starting now. "Women are already sharing stories of how their physical safety is being put in danger. "Women with resources will travel to get an abortion, those without might attempt to give themselves one at tremendous risk. "Some will have to source abortion pills from unregulated pharmacies. "Others who are pregnant and find themselves in a medical emergency will be at the mercy of doctors and lawyers to determine if a procedure that is needed to save her life can even be done at all. "What does this tell women? It tells us that our physical safety doesn’t matter, and as a result that we don’t matter. But we do. Women matter."