The move has disrupted summer holiday plans for more than 100,000 passengers. The airline has been hit by post-pandemic staff shortages which have caused disruption for passengers this year. British Airways told Sky News that the cancellations it was announcing today covering August to October, were part of a focus on protecting popular holiday flights. READ MORE: Portugal changes travel entry rules affecting thousands of Britons The airline suggested that destinations with weaker bookings would be the most likely to have the frequency of flights consolidated. British Airways said in a statement: “The whole aviation industry continues to face into significant challenges and we're completely focussed on building resilience into our operation to give customers the certainty they deserve. “The Government recently decided to give the whole industry slot alleviation to minimise potential disruption this summer. “While taking further action is not where we wanted to be, it's the right thing to do for our customers and our colleagues. DON'T MISSSimon Calder explains how Ryanair strikes could hit Britons [INSIGHT]Heathrow strikes: Key workers vote to strike - over 70 airlines hit [UPDATE]Airline passengers forced to sleep by bins as BA cuts 1,500 flights [ANALYSIS] “This new flexibility means that we can further reduce our schedule and consolidate some of our quieter services so that we can protect as many of our holiday flights as possible. “While most of our flights are unaffected and the majority of customers will get away as planned, we don't underestimate the impact this will have and we're doing everything we can to get their travel plans back on track. “We're in touch to apologise and offer rebooking options for new flights with us or another airline as soon as possible or issue a full refund.” British Airways customers hoping to fly from Heathrow could face even further travel disruption. The airline revealed the latest cuts less than 24 hours before unions representing 700 of its check-in and ground-handling staff were to announce strike dates in a dispute over pay. The strikes are expected to take place at the start of the summer holiday season. BA staff at Heathrow have voted to strike over an ongoing pay dispute which saw workers have their pay cut by 10 percent during the pandemic. Although BA has offered a one-off bonus of 10 percent this year, the workers would like the money reinstated permanently. The British Airways workers have to provide at least two weeks notice of strike action. More travel chaos took place on Monday when passengers at Manchester Airport were left queuing for security in the terminal car park. Travellers were warning others on social media to arrive “four hours before their flight”.