The former Ukip and Brexit Party leader had backed Suella Braverman and dismissed all of the other five candidates in the race, warning that they had not been clear on their policies on Britain in its relationship the with EU. He warned that a failure to outline policies on Brexit meant most candidates could not be trusted. He said this morning: "She's the only one actually saying what needs to be done. "She would take us out of the European Convention on Human Rights and the European Court of Human Rights, and then, and only then, has the Brexit promise been fulfilled," Mr Farage said of Ms Braverman in a video on social media. "All the rest of them say 'well, we'll think about it', 'we won't rule it out'. "She is the only one prepared to complete Brexit." READ MORE ON OUR TORY LEADERSHIP LIVE BLOG But this afternoon, the current Attorney General's campaign came to an end after just 18 Conservatives backed her in a vote of Tory MPs. Reacting to the result, Mr Farage told Express.co.uk: “Suella Braverman dared to say we should leave the ECHR. "Years ago, Tories who said we should leave the EU were excluded - nothing ever changes.” He added: "The Tory party will do everything it can to stop the only candidate who wants to leave the ECHR." Ms Braverman had won the backing of a number of eurosceptics since launching her campaign last week. Deputy leader of the European Research Group David Jones, the leader of the Tory party Commons Sense Group Sir John Hayes, and the infamous Steve Baker had all thrown their weight behind her. DON'T MISS:Next PM POLL: Who do YOU want to go out in today's round of voting? [VOTE]Liz Truss told to swing behind REAL Brexiteer Penny Mordaunt [WATCH]Penny Mordaunt delivered huge blow by former boss Lord Frost [UPDATE] She surprised some of her rival candidates with the support she received. The Fareham MP took an uncompromising position on Brexit. She said prior to today's vote: "I'm the only candidate who can stop the small boats crossing the channel because I'm the only one who knows we need to leave the ECHR.  "The British people won't forgive us unless we address this issue." Launching her own campaign this morning, Liz Truss highlighted the deals she signed with countries around the world when Trade Secretary and vowed to stand up to the EU over the Northern Ireland Protocol in a pitch for the Brexiteer vote. To shouts of "hear, hear" from her supporters, she said that it was time to deliver on Brexit and "win the fight for freedom, at home and abroad". There have been fears among those on the right-wing of the party that the campaigns of Ms Truss, Ms Braverman and Kemi Badenoch would split the Brexiteer vote. They worry it will lead to fewer hardline candidates making it into the final two of the leadership contest.  Now Ms Braverman is out of the contest, there is growing pressure from Ms Truss's allies for her supporters, and those of Ms Badenoch, to throw their weight behind the Foreign Secretary. Work and Pensions Secretary Therese Coffey told Sky News this morning: "The reason why I think that supporters of Suella and Kemi should come and join Liz is because a lot of their policies are in a very similar direction, about having a free economy, about making sure we stand up for the United Kingdom and be proud of our country." In today's vote Rishi Sunak once again topped the ballot with 101 votes, followed by junior trade minister Penny Mordaunt on 83 votes and Foreign Secretary Liz Truss on 64 votes. One Nation Conservative and Remainer Tom Tugendhat survived to fight another day with the support of 32 of his colleagues. 