After confessing to not particularly taking care of her health and wellbeing in comparison to others, the 50-year-old Strictly Come Dancing host revealed in the past that her newspaper editor mother Eve Pollard raised her in a no mirror household instilling that appearance was the “least interesting” thing about her. Amongst other confessions whilst appearing as a guest on the Postcards From Midlife Podcast, Winkleman shared that she has never been to the gym, but as she ages her body is “falling apart”. The star went on to reveal how and when she did actually take a trip to the doctors, after being encouraged by her mother, who she referred to as a health service worshipper. Winkleman said that this trip to the doctors was spurred after she started to experience a specific symptom of perimenopause - waking up earlier than normal. Nothing thinking anything of it initially, the noticeable change was enough for Eve to encourage her daughter to "go and get her hormones checked”. Winkleman shared: “She loves a doctor and we worship the health service so when I started waking up early she said 'definitely go and get your hormones checked.’”  DON'T MISS: How to live longer: Your teeth may determine whether you live to see 100 - here's how  After her visit to a medical professional, Winkleman started to make small changes within her lifestyle. One of which included taking daily Vitamin D supplements, which was recommended to her by her doctor. “My doctor said, ‘I thought you were always in the sun?’ I went, ‘No, babe, this is from a bottle. I haven't been in the sun for 15 years,’" Winkleman shared, before going on to reveal other aspects of her lifestyle that she does in order to look after her welfare. She added: “I think I look after myself because I'm so dull. I'm in bed with a book by nine. “I've felt 64 for the last 25 years. I like playing bridge, I like playing with my same eight girls. Bridge uses a part of your brain that we do not use in everyday life.”  In addition to daily naps and a self-proclaimed love of melted cheese, the star has also spoken about her love of CBD which she started to use at the end of 2020. After being recommended a certain line of products from her cousin, the star now uses CBD capsules to deal with everyday stress and anxiety. Perimenopause is defined by The North American Menopause Society as the beginning of the “transitional phase”. It can last from anywhere between four to eight years and begins when the individual notices changes in the length of time between periods and ends one year after the final menstrual period. During this time, the body does the following: Due to the above processes, hormones become unbalanced, thus causing numerous symptoms. Johns Hopkins Medicine notes that when oestrogen is higher, individuals may have symptoms similar to premenstrual syndrome (PMS). When oestrogen is low, they may have hot flashes or night sweats.  Other potential symptoms of perimenopause can include: For some, symptoms of perimenopause and menopause can cause severe disruption to their lives, driving them to seek medical attention for treatments that help to relieve symptoms. One of the main ones being hormone replacement therapy (HRT). This type of therapy uses both oestrogen and progestins to “level out” hormones and relieve symptoms such as mood swings and hot flashes. When asked if she would be open to going on HRT if and when she needed to, Winkleman replied: “Totally! Yes! In the way that I was open to CBD oil, I’ll go, ‘Right, I’ll give it a go.’ I don’t purport to know anything so I’ll listen to people who are smarter than me. So when Davina [McCall] says, ‘Don’t be anti HRT,’ I just think, ‘Thank you very much.’” 