Doctor Who is about to welcome a new Time Lord to the fold. Taking over the TARDIS in style, Ncuti Gatwa has revealed he has a say in what he wears as the fourteenth doctor in the iconic sci-fi series. Ncuti Gatwa is all guns blazing and ready to go when it comes to filming for his new leading role in Doctor Who. Already collecting a famous fan base before stepping foot inside the TARDIS, viewers have high hopes for the Sex Education star's performance. Giving little away, the actor revealed writers are keeping show secrets under wraps due to Ncuti's “big mouth” tendencies. However, one thing that fell through the net of confidentiality was news on the iconic doctor's uniform. READ MORE: 'He didn't like me' Fern Britton opens up on 'difficult' TV co-star Stepping up to play number 14, the actor known for his individual flare revealed his take on this role will be no different. Walking the carpet at the South Bank Sky Arts Awards, Ncuti shared the news that he will have an “exciting say” in his costume. Not willing to divulge anything more, viewers will have to wait for the show's release to see what is bound to be a magical creation. When pushed for details on plots and series teasers, the star joked he knew “nothing” as he had too much of a “big mouth” to keep it a secret. Oozing with excitement and expressing his eagerness to get on set, his part in the show was announced last May to huge applause. Returning to the show for its 60th anniversary, showrunner Russell T Davies shared his own excitement at having the BAFTA nominee on board. He said: “The future is here and it’s Ncuti! DON'T MISS...Ncuti Gatwa shares why Dr Who bosses are keeping him in the dark [INSIGHT]Doctor Who boss on how Ncuti Gatwa almost missed out on role [INSIGHT]Sir Lenny Henry praises Doctor Who director for casting a black actor [INSIGHT] “Sometimes talent walks through the door and it’s so bright and bold and brilliant, I just stand back in awe and thank my lucky stars.” Reacting to the news, Ncuti himself was shocked and blown away at the opportunity he was being offered. “There aren’t quite the words to describe how I’m feeling”, the actor gushed. He continued trying to articulate the moment: “A mix of deeply honoured, beyond excited and of course a little bit scared. “This role and show means so much to so many around the world, including myself, and each one of my incredibly talented predecessors has handled that unique responsibility and privilege with the utmost care.” Before Ncuti can take the wheel, fans will first say goodbye to the show's first female doctor, Jodie Whittaker. The actress made history in 2017 when she accepted the challenge of bringing her own spin to the nation's favourite sci-fi adventure series. Catch up with Doctor Who episodes on BBC iPlayer.