If there is one name that epitomises the destruction the LIV Golf has had upon the sport, it is Spanish stalwart Sergio Garcia. Once Europe’s flagship Ryder Cup man, Garcia’s legacy has been left crumbled following his decision to make the Saudi switch in June. One of European’s golf’s greatest allies has turned into one of their great villains, following his recent assault on the DP World Tour. The stark warnings to those debating to defect were clear from the very outset of the saga, with ineligibility to Ryder Cup qualification put to the top of the punishment pile by both the DP World and PGA Tour. Garcia - who has announced himself as a Ryder Cup specialist throughout his career - would have been aware of this more than anyone, and it seemed the final nail in his Team Europe coffin was placed when he launched an attack on the former captain Thomas Bjorn, and the DP World Tour at this month’s Open Championship. All but ending his 25-year relationship with the tour, the  2017 Masters champion said: “I am quite clear about what I am going to do with the European circuit. Probably leave it. Honestly, I want to play where they love me. I like to feel loved and sincerely in the European Tour. I don’t feel loved now… JUST IN: Jordan Spieth incredible fortune explained: How sports star became a millionaire before 30 “There are comments that do not make you feel good. I have given more than half of my life to the European Tour and feel that because you make a personal and professional decision and look once for you they treat you like that, it’s not worth it.” Adding yet another chapter into this rollercoaster, Garcia has clearly had the chance to have a think about his outlandish comments and has now made a sharp u-turn. The 42-year-old admitted that after a heart-to-heart with fellow Spaniard and 2021 European teammate Jon Rahm he is going to ‘hold onto’ his DP World Tour membership for now, as he looks to cling onto his Ryder Cup eligibility. Despite his back track it could well be too little too late for Garcia if Henrik Stenson’s recent captaincy sacking is anything to go by. DON'T MISSLIV golfer Sergio Garcia in huge climbdown over DP World Tour stance after heart-to-heartLIV Golf could have relegation system as controversial series outlines future plansTiger Woods' caddie sheds light on golf icon's return plan after Open woes at St Andrews  European golf’s clear opposition to LIV was made clear, after they swiftly stripped Stenson of his 2023 captaincy role following his decision to sign on the dotted line with Greg Norman and co. It is clear that DP World Tour bosses are taking a zero tolerance approach to players who make the Saudi switch, and it is hard to see how Garcia would be an exception, regardless of his remarkable record in blue and gold. Stenson had not even hit a ball when his sacking was confirmed, whilst the Spaniard has competed in both of LIV Golf’s opening two events in St Albans and Portland. Team Europe have set out their stalls from the beginning by taking away their biggest role of all for a LIV golfer, so the chances of this being bended further down the line for Garcia and his fellow Saudi defectors seem all but gone. 