As a former constituent of his, I was struck by the compassionate, hard working and decent man he was, and still is today. The example that he set was one of the main reasons that I myself decided to stand for election to parliament. Now, as a colleague of Nadhim’s, I see someone who doesn’t just talk the talk, but walks the walk. He demonstrated this clearly when he delivered our world leading Covid-19 vaccine rollout – saving many lives and saving us from the nightmare of lockdowns. He understands the challenges we face in places like Stoke-on-Trent North, Kidsgrove & Talke, the constituency I am honoured to serve. His recent appointment as Chancellor was great news, for both the country and the Conservative Party. He is an entrepreneur by nature, someone who understands businesses big and small. When the calling came he wasn’t afraid to step up and serve the country. With the highest tax burden in 70 years, we were crying out for his low tax instincts. He is the grown up in the room, as he showed during his time as Education Secretary. As a former teacher I know that providing future generations with the best possible start in life is the most important thing to get right if we truly wish to level up. Boosting T-Levels, and apprenticeships, improving school standards, and securing a recent record funding settlement for schools, Nadhim has shown as the former Secretary of State for Education, that equal access and opportunity for all can help unlock untapped talent in former left behind towns and cities. Nadhim’s own life story shows why this is the best country on earth, giving opportunity to the best we as a nation has to offer, enabling a refugee from Baghdad to become Chancellor, and I hope our next Prime Minister. To me, Nadhim epitomises the Great British success story. It is why I believe he can unite not just the party, but more importantly our country, by becoming the next leader of the Conservative Party and Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. We are crying out for a united vision that can bring the country together at this difficult moment. The Conservative Party is full of amazingly talented people, but Nadhim stands out to me as the person who can restore faith and confidence that the government is on the right track, and delivering for the people and their priorities. He will have my support, and I will be urging my colleagues in Parliament to give him their vote too. With Nadhim Zahawi in No10, I know that we can make the most of the opportunities that Brexit has provided us and deliver for people across the United Kingdom. Let’s make him our next PM.