Journalist George Monbiot appeared on Friday's Good Morning Britain to share his frustrating story in which he claimed Vodafone demanded non-existent phone charges be paid from his late mother's account as well as requesting to speak with her despite being told she had died. ITV host Ben Shephard sympathised with George, commenting he was "wound up" for him over the shocking incident. As George detailed what had happened and explained how he came to the realisation that he wasn't the only grief-stricken family member to go through this, Ben became irritated at the thought of the experience. "It's distressing hearing you - I'm getting wound up for you listening to this," the 47-year-old told George. He added: "Thinking about what would happen if my parents found themselves in a situation where they wanted to close this." George had explained: "I was flooded with hundreds of other people saying, 'Exactly the same happened to us.' READ MORE: Outlander's Sam Heughan speaks out series ending as he drops huge clue "'Me too, me too, me too,' loads and loads of people coming forward saying, 'This is exactly our experience.' "And then I thought, 'Oh, so hang on a moment, this isn't a mistake - this is a strategy.' "There appears to be, as far as I can see, a cooperate strategy to pray on bereaved families to block them, to stop them from cancelling accounts, to ensure that money continues to be paid out from those accounts to Vodafone and then to chase them with debt collectors, damaging their credit ratings, incidentally. "And so at a time of the most extreme distress and grieving, they pile it on." Ben went on: "And it can't help but sound like there is a strategy. We've got Helen Dewdney, who is a consumer expert, in the studio." Turning to Helen, he continued: "It certainly sounds like there is a strategy, they create a cul de sac of difficulty in order to close down these accounts - is that the case?" "I don't know," the specialist admitted. "I don't think any of us can say for definite, but it certainly sounds like it. "And certainly Ofcom reported recently that the companies need to do more for vulnerable customers and that clearly is a vulnerable situation. DON'T MISS... Denise Welch sparks backlash with heatwave rant 'Probably won't die' [VIDEO]Ackley Bridge star hints character's vulnerability puts her in danger [LATEST]GB News host blasts Queen's ‘tokenism’ on George Cross NHS award [VIDEO] "So Ofcom are saying companies need to improve, but clearly, they're not. "And certainly I hear stories like this all the time." "So, how do you navigate a situation like that?" Ben asked. "Fortunately, George had a platform - he's a writer, he's a journalist, he and his sister were desperately trying to sort this out for their father. "In the most horrific and tragic circumstances as well. How do you navigate it in a way that you don't end up with this situation?" "Well always out a complaint in writing," Helen advised. "Because if you phone, you're going to get that whole being sent round and round. "So if you put it in writing you've got to be clear right from day one what you have said, what needs to be done. "And then you've also got your evidence so that you can then take that to the ombudsman if you need to. "And the ombudsman will then make a decision. And if they're making it difficult, because companies quite often don't provide an email address, you can go to CEOemail.com, and that will provide you with the email address for the CEO." Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV.