The pair of Belgian tourists were forced to spend their night up a tree after being pursued by an angry wild boar in France. However, when they called the police for help they ended up being fined. The men both aged 25 were on a wild camping holiday at the start of July in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence. They had set up camp and lit a fire when they attracted the unwelcome attention of a furious wild boar. Faced with the angry wild beast, the terrified campers were forced to escape up a nearby tree. From their position in the three metre high tree, they were able to call the French police for help. READ MORE: UK region with the best fish and chips - full list A witness said: “There were no branches on the tree, they had to grip onto it as much as they could before reaching the top.” When the police arrived, they found the boar charging the tree with the terrified tourists perched at the top. The police eventually managed to encourage the angry boar to flee the scene but the tourists didn’t get away as easily. They were fined 135 euros (£114) for illegal wild camping and another 135 euros (£114) for having made a fire. Wild camping is legal in France but tourists must follow strict regulations and rules while doing it. It is forbidden to go wild camping in protected nature reserves, around historic monuments or on the coast. Fines can be as high as 1,500 euros (£1,273) for breaking the wild camping rules as tourists could damage the environment. Lighting a fire is forbidden in most wild areas in France due to the risk of wildfires, particularly during the current hot weather. READ MORE: easyJet and Ryanair strikes: Affected airports Several forests in southeastern France were closed to the public in June due to the heightened risk of wildfires. As temperatures soar, the risk of a forest fire is heightened and Portugal is currently dealing with dangerous blazes in the centre of the country. It’s possible that the wild boar in the incident was attracted by the tourists’ fire so perhaps it was simply trying to enforce the wild camping rules. Wild boars are fairly common in France and farmers have tried many ingenious methods to deter them. In 2020, farmers tried to use juniper wood essential oil to prevent the boars damaging their crops. While wild boar will normally not approach tourists, there have been several incidents in Europe. The popstar Shakira said a wild boar attempted to steal her bag while she was in a park in Barcelona. Boars can be very dangerous on roads as they may collide with cars and cause accidents. Tourists are advised to take caution in areas where boars are common.