Alex Jones and her co-host Jermaine Jenas announced they were about to embark on a "summer break" on Wednesday's instalment of The One Show. The BBC programme will be taken off-air for "weeks" as the Commonwealth Games will be aired in the show's place.  On Wednesday's episode of the talk show, Alex and Jermaine interviewed Oscar-winning actor Daniel Kaluuya about his latest projects. Later on, Olympian Tom Daley was broadcasting from Birmingham to reveal how he was making history at the Commonwealth Games. Tom, who was speaking from Victoria Square ahead of the games kicking off, said: "With the Olympics last year, there was no audience so it's going to be great to be back in front of people again." The diver is involved with the 2022 Commonwealth Games as he has been making a documentary on LGBTQ+ rights. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan 'not showing love' claims royal author Levin He explained: "I've travelled around the Commonwealth and spoken about athletes from all around the world to ask them what the Commonwealth can do to better protect and support LGBTQ people around the Commonwealth. "I learned so many harrowing stories and one of the big things is about visibility and being seen, and something which is happening at the opening ceremony tomorrow is going to be quite the historic moment." Tom revealed it is illegal to be homosexual in many Commonwealth countries. So he said athletes will be carrying the Pride flag at the Queen's baton relay for the first time.  Following Tom's update, Alex made her own announcement about The One Show. The Welsh presenter said: "Well that is your lot this week and for a few weeks as we are taking a summer break." The One Show will return to screens on August 22, the host confirmed to viewers. "Until then, stay safe and have a lovely summer, bye-bye," she added. DON'T MISS...`We're all thinking it!’ The One show’s Alex Jones hits out at guest [LATEST]Alex Jones admits 'life has been challenging' in emotional post [EXPLAINER]The One Show fans fume over 'embarrassing' David Harbour interview [UPDATE] The One Show tweeted after the episode finished: "That's all we've got time for tonight! Thank you all for watching! "The #TheOneShow will be back on August 22nd after a sensational summer of sport. We hope you all have a safe and enjoyable summer!" (sic) The summer break comes soon after Alex returned to the programme on Tuesday following a candid admission to her social media followers. The 45-year-old took to Instagram to explain things had been "challenging". She penned: "Things have been a bit tricky for us recently and in all honesty, I haven’t had time to be on here between working and the children but I randomly logged on and saw all your lovely messages gently asking if we were all ok.  "I was touched by your kindness and so I just wanted to check in and say thank you, and that even though life has been a bit challenging, we are OK and still managing to enjoy the beginning of the holidays and there’s still plenty to smile about!" She signed off by telling her fans she would update her Instagram stories with pictures and videos. Her famous friends, including Good Morning Britain's Charlotte Hawkins, commented on the post with messages of support. The One Show episodes are available to watch on BBC iPlayer. 