Tottenham chairman Daniel Levy seems to be working his magic in negotiations with Barcelona for centre-back Clement Lenglet. With Barca in desperate need to shift players from their wage bill, the Spanish side will reportedly pay just under half of Lenglet's wages while he spends next season in north London. Lenglet sits among a whole host of centre-back targets as Antonio Conte, together with sporting director Fabio Paratici and chairman Levy, looks to strengthen in defence. And they seemingly picked the right club to buy from, with Barca keen to offload multiple stars so that Xavi can set about bringing in players of his own. Transfer insider Gerard Romero claims that of Lenglet's £200,000-a-week wages, Spurs will pay £115,000-a-week and leave Barca to pick up the rest of the bill. That will come as a welcome relief for the Spurs hierarchy as it frees up plenty more cash to round off the summer. Fabrizio Romano adds that Spurs and Lenglet have already arrived at an agreement on personal terms, with the finer details of the deal now being ironed out. JUST IN: Liverpool star Mohamed Salah puts an end to transfer saga with new long-term contract Lenglet made more than 40 appearances in all competitions for La Blaugrana in each of his first three campaigns at the club, before dropping down to just 27 matches last season. With their hands tied financially, Xavi may be relieved to free up more room on the wage bill by offloading a player who is not front and centre in his plans. To make sure no stone is left unturned, Conte is also believed to be keen on a left-footed centre-back to complete his new-look crop of stars. Josko Gvardiol and Alessandro Bastoni were both towards the top of Levy's hit list, but RB Leipzig and Inter Milan were not prepared to play ball unless they were blown away with a huge bid. READ MOREChelsea 'receive response' from Juventus after 'offering two players' for Matthijs de LigtMan Utd hatch Frenkie de Jong announcement plan as transfer deal enters 'final stages'Tottenham on verge of fourth and fifth signings following double transfer breakthrough Plenty of the summer remains, however, and Spurs have already boxed off the bulk of their work. Four deals are already complete with Richarlison joining Yves Bissouma, Ivan Perisic and Fraser Forster at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium, while Lenglet and Middlesbrough's Djed Spence are close to following suit. The blockbuster spend is quite the vote of confidence in Conte, who has been in the job less than a year but guided them to fourth spot against the odds last campaign. The lure of working with the Italian and playing Champions League football appears to be doing the trick, too, as the Lilywhites set about assembling a squad capable of competing on multiple fronts. "You start the season and you have to hope to win the Carabao Cup, you have to hope to win the FA Cup, you have to hope to win the league," said Conte back in February. "You have to hope for a Champions League place. You have to hope. "If you work with a vision, if you work very hard, if you start to build a good foundation, a good structure … then you had hope but also the possibility to win. This is the most important thing for me, to speak about to win the league."