Vince Gilligan and Peter Gould’s hugely successful Breaking Bad follow-up is coming to an end this year, with just six episodes left to go over the next two months on AMC. However, one of Better Call Saul’s biggest stars, Giancarlo Esposito, has claimed the story may not be over for his ruthless meth dealer Gus Fring. Giancarlo has hinted Gus could eventually return in another Breaking Bad spin-off. As Gus suffered a gory death in the original series, his return would have to happen before Walter White (played by Bryan Cranston) enters the picture. However, the Hollywood and TV star maintained he’s by no means finished with the character, and would eventually like to delve even further into his past. Despite being over 10 years older than when the character was originally introduced, the actor revealed he’s fascinated to see an even younger version of Gus on screen. READ MORE: America’s Got Talent: viewers left in tears after ‘emotional’ audition “As I get older, I get younger somehow,” he explained. “With each year, my biggest worry was, ‘Am I getting too old to have the energy to play a guy that’s putting a cap on his emotions and still able to be alive?’ “As I get older, I feel a bit refreshed, different than I felt last year, when I was going, ‘Oh my God, everything hurts. What am I going to do?’ This year I feel more enthused that there is a possibility.” The legendary screen actor is certainly showing no signs of slowing down, having booked major roles on The Mandalorian, The Boys and the video game Far Cry 6 in recent years. His return as Gus for Better Call Saul has been just as acclaimed as his turn in Breaking Bad, so an entire series based on the character would certainly be cause to celebrate. “I mean, I’ve always had a dream even before Better Call Saul that there would be some show that would reflect Gustavo’s past,” he told Vulture. “I’m dying to play the vision in my mind that inspired and informed the Gus you see but don’t know. I would like you to know that Gus. “It’s intriguing to know where he came from. I still hold out for that possibility.” DON'T MISS:1883’s Faith Hill opens up on Yellowstone filming struggles [INTERVIEW]Blue Bloods season 13 theory: Archbishop Kearns return sealed [THEORY]Meghan blasted by GB News as inquiry stays private [COMMENT] “It’s not up to me; it’s up to Vince Gilligan and his team and partners. Could that ever be realised? I think it could be something good.” There may be a chance for Giancarlo to reprise his role as an older Gus while a younger actor steps in to fill in the more mysterious aspects of his past. Unfortunately, Giancarlo warned fans not to get their hopes up as conversations with Saul’s showrunners haven’t moved forward just yet. “None at all,” he admitted when asked if serious discussions had taken place. “But a part of me has become Gustavo because a part of Gustavo was me before it was Gus. Before Gus owned me, I owned me. “Somewhere, I’m not done with it,” he added. “If I could think that thought, then I’m not finished.” Gus quickly became one of television’s most terrifying villains throughout Breaking Bad, and his stint in Better Call Saul has further cemented his iconic status. Showrunners Vince and Peter aren’t making plans for any further sequels and spin-offs just yet, but more chilling drug deals with Gus could be at the top of their list if they ever decide to return. Better Call Saul season 6, part 2 begins Monday, July 11 on AMC in the USA and the following Tuesday on Netflix.