Both candidates are said to be concerned at the bitter tone of the first two debates, held on Friday night by Channel 4 and last night by ITV. Candidates looking to become the next Prime Minister have been briefing against one another as they become increasingly desperate to make it into the final two of the contest. Mr Sunak and Ms Truss withdrew from the showdown in order to focus on canvassing MPs and to avoid getting involved in another set of toxic TV exchanges. Sky News said in a statement: "Two of the ​three candidates currently leading in the MPs ballots - Rishi Sunak and Liz Truss - have confirmed to Sky News that they do not want to take part. "Conservative MPs are said to be concerned about the damage the debates are doing to the image of the Conservative Party, exposing disagreements and splits within the party. "Both are very welcome to taking part in future Sky News televised debates." READ MORE ON OUR TORY LEADERSHIP LIVE BLOG A source close to the former Chancellor said Mr Sunak believed the two TV clashes so far were enough for this stage of the campaign. "We are very happy to do more debates if we are lucky enough to get to the next stage, including Sky News," they said. An insider in Ms Truss's leadership campaign claimed the debate on Friday night had been a "mistake" and had led to candidates slinging mud at each other.  They said: "It is not the right time to be doing more debates when this part of the contest only has 358 voters. "The broadcasters should stop squabbling among themselves. "The C4 debate, in particular, was a massive mistake and candidates were wrong to take part in it." POLL: Who won Sunday night's Tory leadership debate? VOTE HERE  A spokesperson for Penny Mordaunt accused her rivals of "dodging the media" and running scared by pulling out less than 48 hours before it was due to take place. They said: "Throughout this contest Penny has never dodged media or shied away from broadcast interviews and debates - people deserve to hear from their leaders. "It's a shame some colleagues cannot find a way to debate one another in a civil way." An ally of Kemi Badenoch added: "Kemi enjoyed getting her message out in the previous two debates. Public scrutiny matters." Mr Suank and Ms Truss's decision comes amid new briefing wars between the remaining candidates with the leadership campaign becoming increasingly ugly. Express.co.uk has seen videos being sent around by MPs that aim to damage Liz Truss's bid to become Tory leader by drawing attention to previous comments she made, while fresh allegations have been levelled at Penny Mordaunt over her judgement in Government. The sourness of the leadership race has ratcheted up ahead of the latest knock-out vote in Parliament this evening.  Conservative MPs reduce the number of people still in the campaign from five to four when they vote for who they want to see in No10. DON'T MISS:Sunak humiliated as Truss dig spectacularly backfires [REACTION]Tory leadership polls: Who is the favourite right now? [INSIGHT]'End the smears!' Mordaunt calls for clean fight and end to toxic attacks [UPDATE]  At 8pm, the candidate with the least support will be eliminated, with votes also to take place tomorrow and Wednesday to whittle down the number of leadership hopefuls to just two. The finalists will then have a month to make their case before the wider party membership votes to determine who should be given the top job. Former chancellor Rishi Sunak, who topped both the first two ballots, is widely seen as having secured a position in the final run-off, with Ms Truss and Ms Mordaunt competing with Ms Badenoch and outsider Tom Tugendhat to secure the other spot.  MPs supporting rivals of Ms Truss are currently sharing videos of her past comments on Brexit and on austerity in an attempt to derail her campaign. One clip doing the rounds in WhatsApp groups shows the current Foreign Secretary floundering and struggling to answer whether she had "personally been affected by austerity" while being grilled by LBC radio host Eddie Mair.  Another from before the 2016 EU referendum vote shows her warning of the damages Brexit would do to the economy. She said, "we've got to be very careful about taking the single market for granted", describing it as "crucial" for the UK's economic growth. Ms Truss sought to neutralise attempts to attack her for previously backing Remain, with the South West Norfolk MP saying she had been on a "political journey".    Meanwhile, Ms Mordaunt is today facing fresh questions over her judgement in office after meeting with the leader of the controversial Muslim Council of Britain last year despite the Government introducing a policy of ‘not engaging with the group in 2009. Supporters of Ms Mordaunt insist she met the group in her capacity as a constituency MP rather than as a minister. Last night's TV debate hosted by ITV saw Mr Sunak take aim at Ms Truss for "something-for-nothing economics", claiming her tax cut plan "isn't Conservative. It's socialism". He also criticised Ms Mordaunt's proposal to borrow money to fund everyday spending, saying her policy was "not just wrong, it is dangerous".  He added: "Even Jeremy Corbyn didn't go that far." Ms Truss sought to challenge Mr Sunak on his record as Chancellor, lashing out at him for destroying any hope of UK economic growth. "Rishi, you have raised taxes to the highest level in 70 years. That is not going to drive economic growth," she said.  "You raised national insurance, even though people like me opposed it in Cabinet at the time because we could have afforded to fund the NHS through general taxation. "The fact is that raising taxes at this moment will choke off economic growth; it will prevent us from getting the revenue we need to pay off the debt." This morning, Cabinet Office minister Kit Malthouse said it was important the party had "vigorous debate" during the leadership contest and he was confident MPs would pull together in a "spirit of harmony and love" after the leadership campaign. He told Sky News: "I think it's good to have a vigorous debate within any kind of political organisation." He added: "All political parties are standing coalitions and the Conservative Party is the same. A vigorous exchange of ideas, in what is a challenging time for the country, should be expected when you are talking about such important issues and the leadership of a G7 nation. "If it was just a polite agreement and consensus across the board, there wouldn't be much point in having a competition at all." 