Tottenham have reportedly failed in an attempt to swap Joe Rodon for Roma midfielder Nicolo Zaniolo. Antonio Conte also offered £25million in addition to the centre-back however this was rebuffed by former manager Jose Mourinho. Zaniolo has made 111 appearances for Roma in all competitions since joining from Inter Milan in 2018. His career in the Italian capital has been somewhat hampered by injuries with the 23-year-old suffering two ACL tears within a year. However the Giallorossi could be open to letting him leave after they announced the shock signing of Paulo Dybala. However, this does not appear to have deterred Conte who is said to be keen on bringing the attacking midfielder to North London. The club are said to be looking for moves for current creators Giovanni Lo Celso, Tanguy Ndombele and Bryan Gil therefore Zaniolo could come in as a replacement for them. Calciomercato reports that Spurs managing director Fabio Paratici offered the European Conference League champions out of favour centre-back Rodon alongside £25m for the Italian international. However, this was rejected by Roma with the club believed to be holding out for £40m for the player who has two years left on his contract. The club are also not interested in signing the Welshman. READ MORE: Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag can sign very own Darwin Nunez for cut-price £45m transfer fee Zaniolo does not appear to be the only topic of Paratici’s trip to Italy. He is also said to be trying to negotiate transfers for Gil and Japhet Tanganga to Serie A clubs. Tottenham have already been busy in the transfer market this season bringing six new faces to the club. Experienced Croatian international Ivan Perisic was first to join in a free transfer from Inter and is expected to make the left wing-back role his own. Fraser Forster signed next as a backup to goalkeeper Hugo Lloris before the club forked out £25 million to claim Brighton’s Yves Bissouma despite interest in the player from fierce rivals Arsenal. However, it was the signature of Everton forward Richarlison that proved to be the most eye-catching. The Brazil international joined the club in a £60m deal and will provide much-needed competition to the hugely effective front three of Son Heung-Min, Harry Kane and Dejan Kuluseveki. DON'T MISSMan Utd boss Erik ten Hag can sign very own Darwin Nunez for cut-price £45m transfer feeMan City boss Pep Guardiola sets record straight on 'Neymar swap deal offer' from PSGArsenal decide next two signings after agreeing Oleksandr Zinchenko transfer deal Clement Lenglet and Djed Spence have since joined the club with Conte keen to improve the quality of his defensive options. It remains to be seen whether or not Zaniolo will join Tottenham’s new signings at White Hart Lane however it is expected to be an exciting season for Spurs’s supporters given the new faces they have already brought in.