 Daniel Radcliffe was one of the many child prodigies created by the Harry Potter film franchise in which he secured the titular role for 10 years. Now, as the actor turns 33, he has spent little more than half of his acting career away from the wizarding world, but has it been as profitable for the actor?   It has been reported that Radcliffe earned $1million (£830,000) from the first Harry Potter movie, but with such a high paycheque at such a young age, has Radcliffe been able to keep momentum on his finances outside of the wizarding world? Impressively he has, with Radcliffe’s current net worth of $110million (£91million) and is growing by $15million (£12million) every year according to Celebrity Net Worth. Radcliffe made his acting debut when he was just 10 years old in BBC One’s David Copperfield in 1999. Unbeknownst to the young actor, this role would be vital in securing essentially the rest of his career. Director of the first Harry Potter film, Chris Columbus, spotted Radcliffe in the two-part film and he was encouraged to audition for the role. READ MORE: Eva Longoria, 47, flashes major side-boob in stunning white swimsuit on Marbella holiday  Harry Potter author J.K. Rowling was searching for an unknown actor to bring the titular role to life, adding to the list of complicated criteria already in place. The young star auditioned countless times over eight months before officially being offered the role but his parents originally turned it down. The contract reportedly encompassed six films which were to be shot in Los Angeles. With the star now not willing to sign the contract, a few changes were made and Radcliffe would end up signing a two-film contract both of which would be shot in the UK. The 11-year-old reportedly earned $1million (£830,000) for the first film, which became a resounding success across the world.     Radcliffe’s earnings would grow as the franchise continued, with the penultimate instalment earning him $33million (£27million). In total, the Harry Potter franchise earned Radcliffe $82million (£68million) alone. Harry Potter would become one of the highest-grossing film franchises, placing in the leagues of Star Wars and Marvel. Radcliffe was working on other projects whilst on-set for Harry Potter, including West End productions and television films. His 2006 stage performance in Equus garnered great media attention and the show earned £1.7million (£1.4million) in advance sales.  After Harry Potter ended Radcliffe would return to stage and screen with countless roles adding to his income alongside royalties from his child wizard role. Additionally, the actor’s parents set up his firm Gilmore Jacobs in 2000 although they have highlighted that the money it generates is purely for Radcliffe. The company was worth £89.2million (£74million) at the end of last year according to the Daily Mail. This includes millions worth of investment properties, fixed assets and short-term investments.  Despite his incredible earnings, Radcliffe has rarely splurged on expensive and ludicrous purchases like others of the same net worth. However, the star has made a handful of peculiar purchases, one of which was a $17,000 (£14,000) mattress he bought at the age of 22 which was created by luxury mattress maker Savoir. Another odd purchase was one of Radcliffe’s first cars at the age of 18. By this time he had garnered $37million (£30million), giving him a vast variety of options to choose from for his automobile. However, he chose a green 2007 Fiat Punto, noting that he had chosen it as it was one of the most economical and eco-friendly cars on the UK market at the time.