A former miner Shaun Wooldridge says he hasn't yet laid his mother to rest but already people are arriving at his door for viewings. This is beacuse Nottingham City Homes (NCH) says he was unfortunately not on the tenancy agreement for the council property and therefore not a successor. Shaun, 61, says his mother Jillian passed away on June 16 and within the space of just a few weeks he received a letter informing him of his eviction. According to Nottinghamshire Live, the former colliery worker says two families have already visited to view the property, which he lives in with his wife, Sununta, and stepdaughter. "I am going to be homeless," he told Nottinghamshire Live. "Everything has happened so quickly. We have got letters to prove we have been living here. We had to inform the council my mum had passed away but now we just keep getting a letter saying we have got to be out by July 24. "I have been paying rent. I'm in full-time employment and I've lived here all my life. I'm on the electoral roll here. I have not even laid my mum to rest and now I've got people coming up to the house saying they are doing viewings. I have always understood we have been on the tenancy and rent books. My stepdaughter had to be brought out of school because she is worried about losing her house. I have already paid around £1,000 in rent."  According to Citizens Advice, a tenant is able to stay in the council home and take over the tenancy depending on things like if you lived with them before they died (it will only count if it was your main home and not a temporary one), if you were living together as a couple, if you're related to the person who died, how long you lived with the person who died, the type of tenancy they had and how long they had it for and what the tenancy agreement says as it might give you more rights to take over the tenancy. The advice service adds: "If you think you should take over the tenancy, but the council say you can't, it's worth checking to see if they'll review their decision. You might need to ask them how to request a review. Make sure you provide any evidence you have to prove you should take over the tenancy. This could include things like bills to show you've been living in the property for at least a year or that you're currently living there. "If your local council or housing association won't review or change their decision, they might start possession proceedings - this means you could be evicted. You'll have the opportunity to tell the court why you think you should have succeeded the tenancy and why you think the council is wrong." Speaking of the decision a Nottingham City Homes spokeswoman said: “We want to offer our condolences to Mr Wooldridge on the loss of his mother, we know it is a difficult time for the family.  “When a tenant unfortunately passes, we have to send a legal document to end their tenancy. As Mr Wooldridge and his family are not on the tenancy agreement, there is no right to succession. “We are supporting the family and working with them to look at their housing needs and seeing if they are eligible to stay in council housing and they will stay in the property until this is complete. We are regularly in touch and will continue to help them to find a solution.” 