British prime ministers hold one of the toughest jobs in the world, and the stress of leading the country can cause some to leave politics altogether. But others relish life in Parliament and choose to play a role on the backbenches. This was the case for former prime minister Theresa May, who remains an MP in the House of Commons and has played an active role in political life since stepping down in 2019. Mrs May’s status in the house as a former prime minister grants her an enormous amount of respect from MPs, and she makes contributions to debates on the biggest issues of the day. David Cameron, on the other hand, left politics after he resigned as prime minister in 2016. The former Tory Party leader decided to make an exit from Parliament after the divisive Brexit referendum which split the country. READ MORE: 'Taken away from US' Red Wall voters blast Tories for booting Boris Allies of Mr Johnson have suggested that the Prime Minister will continue to play a role in politics as a backbencher. James Duddridge MP, who is Mr Johnson’s Parliamentary Private Secretary, wrote on social media that the Prime Minister sees his future in the House of Commons. He wrote on Twitter: “the boss will carry on as an MP”, signalling an end to speculation about what Mr Johnson might do next. However, should the Prime Minister choose not to remain in politics, he will have a number of doors opened to him in other roles. Former deputy prime minister Nick Clegg took on a career in business after leaving politics, and now works with Mark Zuckerberg at Meta, the company which made Facebook. Mr Cameron is now President of the charity Alzheimer's Research UK, and he also holds positions in a number of company boardrooms. Gordon Brown remained a backbencher for five years after losing the 2010 general election, but he then became the United Nations Special Envoy for Global Education. DON'T MISS:Brexit ‘in serious danger’ warns Ann Widdecombe amid Remainer plot [ANALYSIS]Question Time: Campbell kept on 'short leash'  [INSIGHT]Boris MUST be replaced by a Brexiteer Tory MPs warn [REACTION] With a basic salary of £84,144 a year, it is easy to see why many politicians decide to continue with their roles in Parliament. But before Mr Johnson makes a decision on his own future, his party will need to elect a successor. The Tory Party is preparing to launch its leadership contest, which will see Conservative MPs and members choose their leader and the next prime minister. Mr Johnson’s time in Parliament was expected to last much longer than three years, but he was forced to announce his exit this week after his position became untenable due to a mass Government walkout.