Novak Djokovic will be happy to hear that Australia is relaxing its Covid regulations in his bid to return to Australian Open action in 2023. However, he still faces a significant complication that could see him miss out on the Melbourne Grand Slam for a second successive year. Australia's Minister for Home Affairs, Clare O'Neil, has announced that from Wednesday, people entering the country will no longer have to complete a Digital Passenger Declaration (DPD) to declare their Covid vaccination status. All visa holders can also travel to Australia without requiring a travel exemption. A corresponding statement read: "From 12.01am, July 6, people will be able to travel to and from Australia without being required to declare their COVID-19 vaccination status. The decision to amend the Biosecurity Act 2015 to remove these requirements was based on the advice of the Chief Medical Officer. "Travellers must still comply with any remaining COVID-19 requirements of airlines and shipping operators, as well as other countries and states and territories. This currently includes wearing masks on inbound international flights. State and territory orders mandating masks on domestic flights also remain in place." JUST IN: Roger Federer sends Wimbledon crowd wild and shares chat with Djokovic The changes to the Biosecurity Act are good news for Djokovic, who would be able to enter the country and compete in the 2023 Australian Open. However, after his deportation in January, the Government handed him a three-year ban, which would need to be appealed and/or removed for him to compete. Djokovic is currently unable to apply for another visa for the next three years after he was forced out of the country over his vaccination status at the start of the year. A court hearing upheld the decision to cancel his visa 'on health and good order grounds', denying him the opportunity to defend his title in Melbourne. READ MORE: 'Ashamed to be British' Wimbledon fans cringe at Cliff Richard The Serbian star has enjoyed plenty of success at the Australian Open throughout his storied career and, despite his current ban from the country, will take confidence from the change in Covid regulations. He had won the tournament for three years on the bounce before Rafael Nadal lifted the title in his absence this season. Djokovic's nine Australian Open victories is a higher tally than any other player in tennis history, and he received plenty of support while in his immigration detention centre during the vaccination saga in January. He has enjoyed more success in Melbourne than at any other Slam, with his six Wimbledon triumphs closest to matching his success Down Under.