Virgin River will return for a fourth season and by the looks of things, so will Hope's health woes. The trailer suggested things might be getting worse for the character as she's pictured with Doc once more. Fan's of the Netflix romantic drama spent all of season three worrying whether Hope McCrea (played by Annette O'Toole) would manage to make a recovery. Spending a long spell hospitalised after car crash injuries, things may not be fixed for the character in Virgin River's next run either. The trailer shows Hope with Doc as he hands her a glass of water, patting her head. Could this taster foreshadow a tragic end for the town's mayor and resident gossip? READ MORE: P-Valley: Why did Big Teak kill himself? The character's absence from the last season didn't go unnoticed, however, her presence was felt when she video chatted with Doc. Setting the scene for the missing mayor, the beginning of season three tells viewers Hope left town to visit her aunt. Her return home delayed by a hurricane descending on the town Hope is visiting, the character's missing face had fans worried she may never return. Staying in the storyline, Hope is referred to in every episode and can be seen physically when she stays in touch with her estranged husband Doc (Tim Matheson) over Facetime and Zoom. The ending of season three dealt a big blow to Hope as she was in a car accident that put her in hospital with a serious brain injury. Leaving viewers dangling off a cliff, they wanted Hope to make a speedy recovery but it seems that may not be the case. Showrunner Sue Tenney explained Hope's role in season four and hinted at the state of her recovery. She told Entertainment Weekly: "We do move ahead. To us, it’s the recovery and what she’s dealing with — a traumatic brain injury. "But we’re very committed to what the truth of something is, so we’ll go to the edge of what’s the best recovery for this." DON'T MISS...Virgin River season 4 theory: Jack to abandon Mel and newborn baby [THEORY]Virgin River season 4 theory: Mel to keep identity of baby’s dad quiet [THEORY]Virgin River season 4 theory: Brady's release confirmed in trailer [THEORY] "But we’re very committed to what the truth of something is, so we’ll go to the edge of what’s the best recovery for this." Set to be another jam-packed, drama-filled visit to Virgin River it seems the main plot will focus on Jack (Martin Henderson) becoming a father. Despite not knowing whether the child is biologically his or Mel's deceased husband's, Jack is supportive of the optimistic mother. Alongside the hope of some old faces returning, the series will see the arrival of a new doctor that's tipped to shake things up. Virgin River has been delighting viewers for three seasons and the Netflix hit will return to screens on July 20. The romantic drama follows the life of Melinda "Mel" Monroe (Alexandra Breckenridge) as she makes the move to the remote town in Northern California. Answering an ad to work as a midwife, she thinks a new start will help her leave old painful memories behind her. Watch Virgin River seasons 1-3 on Netflix now.