These people should take a read of the 2019 Conservative manifesto because not only is it exactly what it says in the glossy mag but it is being delivered in record time. Illegal migration is at long last being tackled and we have record people in employment and low unemployment. The spades are in the ground and tunnels are at last a reality for HS2. All this despite a pandemic and a major war. Yes, we may be facing hard times due to reasons beyond our control but in the long term you have never had it so good. Despite Partygate and his rather inept media interview responses, Boris Johnson is still more likely than any others suggested to win the next election, and at the end of a full term in government, says Dr Steve Brennan from Hope Valley, Derbyshire. We must not kick him out now. He gets the big decisions right. We should criticize him, but support him to the end of this Parliament, and then decide whether to vote him in again.  We have heard little or nothing about negotiations to end the war in Ukraine from the Government, except to denigrate them before the war even started, says Brendan O'Brien from Winchmore Hill, Greater London. Have Joe Biden and Boris Johnson even discussed with President Volodymyr Zelensky that they could back him if he agrees to terms with Russia? I call on Johnson to say to Zelensky that he will provide defensive weaponry if that is requested, but that he will also fully support Ukraine should it choose to make serious concessions in order to end the bloodshed as soon as possible.  I do not share Prince Charles's wish to mark the role of Britain in the slave trade in the manner that he suggests, says Johan van Dijk from Kineton, Warwickshire. It was abolished more than 200 years ago and the nation has made amends over decades in the form of foreign aid, membership of former colonies to the Commonwealth, immigration when legal, and much more besides. Our history is up for revision as never before and as a means to extort money and make those unconnected with past events feel guilty. Is it too much to hope that Wimbledon's TV coverage will not be marred yet again by "commentators" talking between serves and even over live play, says Brian Willis from Cheam, Surrey. They seem to forget the audience's awareness of events on court. Let them show some restraint so viewers can enjoy the tennis without their incessant babble.