Frenkie de Jong would make a "huge difference" for Manchester United, claims Jamie Carragher. United want to sign De Jong this summer and Carragher believes it will give a big help in their push to get back into the Champions League. Erik ten Hag is in charge of the rebuild at Old Trafford. The Dutch manager has made three signings so far, bringing in left-back Tyrell Malacia, midfielder Christian Eriksen and defender Lisandro Martinez. Barcelona star De Jong has been a target throughout the window. A fee has been agreed with the La Liga giants but the player is adamant he wants to stay at the Nou Camp. Ten Hag knows the 25-year-old well from his time in charge of Ajax and Carragher believes the midfielder could be a game-changer for the Red Devils. The Liverpool legend told Sky Sports: "It will be interesting to see if they get De Jong because I do think he's a top-class player and I think he will make a huge difference for them." Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd tug-of-war, Chelsea £55m bid, Barcelona plot Arsenal swoop  United have had a positive start on the pitch in pre-season. But Carragher insists they will still find it tough to finish in the Premier League top four, especially with the business their rivals have done in the market. Asked how he's feeling about United's improvement, Carragher added: "I wouldn't say nervous. I think there's a long road for United that they're on at the moment in terms of challenging for the title. "I think their first thing, with Erik ten Hag and the players they're bringing in, will be 'we need to get this club back in the Champions League where it belongs' and that's where Manchester United should be. One of the biggest clubs in the world, never mind this country. "So to not be in the Champions League just doesn't feel right when United are in the Europa League. I think that's the first thing and once United do that, then they'll be looking at the title in the next couple of years. DON'T MISSMikel Arteta to have honest conversation with Arsenal stars in clear hint on next signingMan Utd have green light to negotiate second Barcelona transfer along with De JongArsenal have fresh transfer need as injury creates Mikel Arteta dilemma  "But it won't be easy to get back in the top four this season. And not just for United, for any team that are normally in the top four. You'd expect City and Liverpool to do it because they're always going for the title. "But you look how strong Chelsea will be, the signings they're bringing in, Tottenham's work as well, Arsenal also. So I think competitively now in terms of getting in the top four, it's really tough and it's proven that for a lot of Manchester United managers who've got great CVs in the past. "There's no doubt this manager has a really good CV. They've made a really good start in pre-season."  Click here to buy the new Man Utd home shirt