With a net worth of $50million (£41.7million) at the time of his death in 1991 (after adjusting for inflation), it’s not surprising Freddie Mercury lived in a beautiful home. The former Queen lead singer reportedly owned property worth the equivalent of $40million (£33.4million), according to CelebrityNetWorth.com. One of Freddie’s properties was the famous Garden Lodge, located in Kensington, London. The area, which is located in the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea in West Central London, is known for its affluence. The area is also home to a plethora of celebrities. The likes of Sir Richard Branson, Robbie Williams and Elton John all reportedly own homes in the borough. Not to mention Kensington Palace, which is the home to the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and their children, is just down the road. Garden Lodge is located on a quiet residential street just off Earl’s Court Road in South Kensington. READ MORE: 'Energy bill already 50% less': Crucial guidance to keep costs down Freddie moved to the unsuspecting property in 1985 with his then-partner Mary Austin. The singer reportedly bought the house for £500,000 in cash. The Edwardian property sits behind a huge eight foot high wall which has a distinctive dark glass door on the outside. The home was designed by the architect Ernest William Marshall and built in the Neo-Georgian style. The famous home has two-storeys, eight bedroom and a studio wing with a large bay window. DON'T MISSWhere will Boris Johnson live after he leaves Downing Street? [INSIGHT]How to fix scratched non-stick pans: Baking soda trick to try at home [UPDATE]Boy George's Hampstead home that keeps him 'sane' [ANALYSIS] The property also includes an acre of landscaped grounds. During Freddie’s early days at the property, the singer used to host parties and late night recording sessions. Later in life, Freddie spent more time there out of the public eye. The former Queen frontman died in Garden Lodge on November 24, 1991, due to complications with AIDS. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea He left the estate to Mary Austin and her sons. Shortly after Freddie’s death, the walls surrounding the property were plastered with graffiti and messages from his fans. Three decades later, Mary still resides at the home with her family. The home, which was once described as "London's biggest rock'n'roll shrine" can still be visited by fans. The property is reportedly now worth an estimated £20million.  Freddie wasn't the only notable person to reside in the property. The detached property was built for the painter Cecil Rae and his wife, the sculptor Constance Halford. The British intelligence operative Tomás Harris and his wife Hilda moved to the house during the Second World War. Peter Wilson, the chairman of Sotheby's auction house, has also lived in the property.