One vital aspect that helps the tennis player stay at the top of his game is his heart. For a normal person, they'd die if their heart rate remains too high, or in the red zone for more than two minutes. But astonishingly, Norrie's heart has been recorded in this zone for almost 10 minutes.  It’s no surprise that athletes often surpass average people in terms of physicality and fitness, but some find themselves passing their own competitors as well. Norrie was born in South Africa in 1995 but just three years later moved with his family to Auckland in New Zealand. It was here he began to train what would become his secret weapon, his heart while running with his mum as a boy. Norrie’s coach, Facundo Lugones, reported his heart could sustain intense levels of high activity for long periods of time, longer than the average human could live through. He explained that at the Battle of the Brits Norrie had been attached to a biometric device strapped across his chest.  1635048 The devices tests athlete’s fitness and movement, and found something remarkable whilst testing Norrie during a match. After a match against Kyle Edmund, it was found that Norrie had been in the red zone for eight minutes. Lugones said: “A normal person would die after two minutes in the red zone, which is like 180 to 200 bpm. “Cam was running a lot with his mum back in Auckland. He is just an animal in that department.” Lugones concluded that Norries would be able to “endure anything”.  Norrie is not the first player to resemble this high level of durability and fitness, with former legend Bjorn Borg had his own flair of incredible heart rate readings. Borg’s resting heart rate was once measured at 35 beats per minute, almost half the resting heart rate of a normal person. Norrie’s genetics could also play a part in this x-factor, as his father was an avid squash player and his mother often participating in marathons. It’s not just his heart keeping the 26-year-old in the ranks of top tennis players, but his determination, skill and dedication to the sport.    During lockdown, when many sports enthusiasts and athletes alike found themselves at a bit of a loss on what to do, Norrie found a way to still maintain his fitness levels. Norrie spent a few months at his parents’ home in New Zealand doing 10 kilometre runs, and eventually found himself in competition with his friends. Lugones has also said that Norrie is “on top of everything” and refuses to make excuses for himself if he has had a bad day. Norrie’s and Lugones enjoy one of the longest-lasting relationships in tennis, having met each other in 2014 when they both attended Texas Christian University in Fort Worth, where Lugones was already a senior player.   Norries would drop out of the university in 2017 to start his professional career by joining the ATP Tour. While he has lived four continents throughout his life, once he turned professional he chose to be based in Putney, close to Wimbledon. Norrie faces Serbian player Novak Djokovic today at the Wimbledon’s men’s semi-final, both hoping to secure a spot in the final. Sunday July 10 will see the penultimate final of the event, with either Djokovic or Norrie playing against Australian Nick Kyrgios. Kyrgios secured his place in the final with a win against Spain's Rafael Nadal on Friday July 8.