 As the increasing cost of living continues to rumble on, many Britons are trying to find ways to make extra cash to cover their monthly financial obligations. One route people are taking is to refinance their car, however, research by the car finance lender Carmoola found that nearly a quarter of Britons, 24 percent, were not aware of what this was. Refinancing a car simply means that a person takes out a new loan to pay off their existing car finance agreement. The idea is that the new finance deal a person will take out will be on terms that are better suited to their needs.     This might be a lower interest rate or a longer-term loan to keep a person’s monthly payments down. Dumitru-Olivian Dirlau, 21, from north London, refinanced his car after having only taken the original loan out four months prior. Mr Dirlau’s car was a Mercedes GLA Class. By refinancing, Mr Dirlau reduced his original Annual percentage rate (APR) from 26.8 percent down to 12.9 percent. This meant that he was able to save around £8,500 in interest. READ MORE: State pensioners may be able to increase sum by up to £14.75 weekly     Another driver, Silva Odum, 28, from Birmingham managed to shave off around £750 a year after choosing to switch his arrangement on his Range Rover Evoque. He said: “My initial rate has gone down from 22 percent APR to 16.9 percent APR." A final Briton, Alain Mefre, 33, from Bristol replaced his 19 percent APR agreement with a new rate of 11.9 percent when he switched finance on his five-year-old BMW X1. He said: "It was definitely worth doing as I'm now going to be about £600 better off each year as a result of changing providers."     Carmool’s research, which surveyed 1,000 UK drivers, found that around one in seven stated that while they had “actively” changed their energy, broadband or mobile phone provider to get a cheaper deal, they had never considered switching their car loan supplier. A further one in six also believed that once a person takes out an agreement on a vehicle, they are locked in that agreement for life. Carmoola stated that this belief is a “common misconception”. Aidan Rushby, co-founder of Carmoola stated that even though Britons as “getting savvier” when it comes to ways they can save money, refinancing their car was a “real blind spot”. He said: “We’re encouraging all drivers to dig out a better deal. READ MORE: ‘Game over!’ Woman, 42, watches as hackers steal £10,000 in attack     “How much you’re likely to save will differ from one individual to another, but if your credit score has improved considerably since you took out your original agreement, and you’ve been making your payments on time, then it could be a considerable amount." Mr Rushby explained that if a motorist was able to get a lower interest rate, then it will help them “dramatically reduce” their monthly payments. He also stated that this could also be done by “opting for a longer contract term” particularly if a person is looking for “greater affordability”. Mr Rushby added: “As well as using it to reduce monthly payments, other customers are choosing it to finance the balloon payment on their Personal Contract Purchase (PCP) so they can keep the car too.”      “Requesting a Carmoola quote does not mean you have to end your current finance agreement, so there’s no obligation to go through with it if you change your mind. ” explains fellow co-founder Amy McKechnie. “If you’re wondering about the type of credit search, the app carries out a soft one - meaning the quote has no impact on your credit score or any future applications you might make either.” Carmoola states that if people want to choose this option, they should shop around and see what options are available. If they then find one that they like, then they should contact their existing lender and ask for an “early settlement quote". Carmoola stated requesting a quote does not mean that people will have to end their current finance agreement. This means that there is no obligation to go through with it if they changed their mind. Carmoola has also launched a two-step-eight-minute-long auto refinancing service which can make it easier for Britons to switch.   