The eldest child of Charles Spencer, Diana’s brother and the ninth Earl of Spencer, Lady Kitty wed businessman Michael Lewis in a lavish wedding in Italy last summer. Marking her one-year anniversary on July 24, Kitty shared a video of herself and Michael on their special day on Instagram, with the caption: “One year ago today in the Eternal City.” In the video, Lady Kitty is wearing her stunning Dolce and Gabbana wedding dress. Featuring a high neck, long sleeves, and covered in lace, the dress shows off Kitty’s fantastic figure. However, Kitty hasn’t always been so slim. She has undergone an impressive weight loss transformation in recent years. READ MORE: Pippa Middleton’s training plan which burns thousands of calories In a recent interview, Kitty revealed some of the main motivators behind her weight loss journey, including her modelling career and Harry and Meghan’s wedding. Growing up around family members with health issues made Kitty realise the importance of good health, diet, and exercise. To lose weight, Kitty followed a balanced diet and made sure to do plenty of exercise. DON'T MISS: Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] When in London, she goes to spinning or barre classes, according to Harper’s Bazaar. Although the socialite eats healthily, she isn’t afraid to treat herself once in a while, grabbing a Pret A Mangers sandwich for lunch or devouring truffle pizza. “It’s all just melted cheese – it’s heaven,” she said. Speaking about her modelling career, Kitty explained: “I guess I’m doing these things on my own terms. “I don’t think it’s my job to starve to fit into an outfit. If I’ve agreed to do something for a brand or whatever, I look after myself but I’m not obsessive or unhealthy. “If a brand wants to work with me, and think their designs look good on me, then they can give them to me in my size.” In saying this, Kitty suggests she has a healthy relationship with her body, but she has been faced with criticisms in the past. In 2016, a social media user left a “nasty” comment on a photo of the model holidaying in France. They wrote: “Lay off the cake, darling. You’re too fat.” At the time, 24-year-old Kitty replied: “I’m sorry that you feel the need to post nasty comments under photographs of people you don’t know. “I’ve yet to see unkind behaviour do any good in the world.” A year later, Kitty was motivated to lose weight because of her first modelling job. The socialite told Town and Country magazine that the career choice was “the start of a confidence building exercise” which she wanted “to do for my older self, so I can look back and say I did it”. She was offered to be the face of designer brand Bvlgari and selected to be a model in the Dolce and Gabbana 2017 fashion show. Kitty said: “It was terrifying. I was 26 and working full-time for a charity, and I loved it, but it’s very different from that world of style.” As well as her modelling career, Harry and Meghan’s wedding helped to kick start Kitty’s weight loss journey. After the big day, during which Kitty was photographed wearing a hand-painted Dolce and Gabbana Alta Moda dress, with a Philip Treacy fascinator, the socialite gained over 37,000 followers on social media. “It was very weird, and a little bit overwhelming,” she told Town and Country.