Prince William and Kate will be making their first US trip in eight years to host the Earthshot Prize awards. Royal expert Neil Sean has pointed out how this visit could help repair the rift between William and Prince Harry, the Cambridges have a "packed schedule". Speaking on his YouTube channel, he said: "It would be an ideal situation to take the time out to meet. "When you think about it, both in the same country and away from prying eyes because it's a little bit easier to get away from the media over there because it's such a vast place. "You can arrange to meet anywhere but sadly that will not be possible. "They're planning a packed schedule with no private time for visits. Very nice and regally put. "This all centres upon the fact that William is finding it very hard to move on from all those allegations that Harry put out about him and his family via Oprah." READ MORE: Royal Family: Meghan and Harry row over announcement It comes after William refused to even look at Prince Harry during the Service of Thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral during the Queen's Platinum Jubilee, it has been claimed. Harry and Meghan returned to the royal fold for the Queen's Jubilee celebrations - but their relegated seats were a telling sign of their change in status. Far across the aisle from the Prince of Wales, the Duchess of Cornwall and the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, Harry and Meghan sat in the second row, behind the Wessex family and the Duke and Duchess of Gloucester. Speaking to the Australian morning programme Sunrise, royal expert Russell Myers said: "It was very, very frosty inside the church. "You could cut the atmosphere with a knife. "The brothers didn't lock eyes or make eye contact at all. "Harry was craning his neck to look at William and William didn't look back at him. "I think there's still a lot of bad atmosphere going on and there needs to be a bit more water under the bridge until those brothers come back together." DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry in Netflix content drought after 'giving it to Oprah' [INSIGHT]Owen Jones demands royals face up to Prince Harry's 'messy' memoir [VIDEO]Meghan Markle and Prince Harry's hidden NY teaser show shelved - claim [ANALYSIS] Working royals filled the front-row chairs, meaning there was no place there for Harry and Meghan in the prime positions. They no longer use their HRH styles and the event was their first public appearance alongside the Windsors since they stepped down as senior royals two years ago amid the Megxit storm. They did however make a solo procession, holding each other's hand, down the nave of St Paul's Cathedral, after the rest of the mass of more than 40 royals and before future king Charles and the Cambridges. They were personally escorted by Lieutenant Colonel Sir Alexander Matheson of Matheson, the Queen's Senior Gentleman Usher.