Martyn Underhill, an ex-detective chief inspector, said officers should not “treat it like a murder inquiry” when a death is clearly the result of a compassionate act. The issue has been in the spotlight this week after a pensioner who killed his wife in a failed suicide pact was spared prison. A court heard Graham Mansfield, 73, cut his cancer-stricken wife Dyanne’s throat in March 2021, after she asked him to end her life “when things get bad for me”. He received a two-year suspended sentence after a Manchester jury cleared him of murder but found him guilty of manslaughter. Speaking before the Mansfield court case, Mr Underhill, who was Dorset Police and Crime Commissioner from 2012 to 2021, said: “There are always two phone calls you don’t want to receive as a murder investigator. One is a baby death and the other is a mercy killing. “A mercy killing is hugely traumatic for everybody, particularly the family involved, because they’re being demonised twice. They just lost their loved one and then suddenly they’re facing a police investigation. “It’s demoralising because policing is really under pressure and you’re spending a considerable amount of time investigating a case that you know in your heart won’t be successfully prosecuted. “I’ve had several police officers say to me, as I’ve said to myself, this is traumatic. “We need to speak about the wellbeing of police officers as well.” Mr Underhill, right, dealt with three suspected mercy killings or suicide pacts in his 20 years as a detective, including the mysterious death of Derek Taylor. The 60-year-old’s body washed up on a West Sussex beach in 1998 after he reportedly walked into the sea following an occult ceremony.  There was no evidence he had been forced, but a friend who was present was held in custody for two days. Mr Underhill said: “That was a year-long inquiry. It took hundreds of police hours to investigate. “We didn’t get past the CPS threshold. You look back at it now and think, is our law fit for purpose? I don’t think it is.” The ex-DCI supports calls for some terminally ill people to be given the option of a ­medically assisted death, also backed by the Daily Express’s Give Us Our Last Rights crusade. But he said that until the law changes, clearer guidance is needed for police. The Crown Prosecution Service recently held a consultation on new draft guidance which aims to clarify what must be taken into account when applying a public interest test. Factors that make a prosecution less likely include, “if the victim had reached a voluntary, settled and informed decision to end their life” or “the suspect was wholly motivated by compassion”.  Mr Underhill welcomed the guidance, adding: “If there is informed consent and that person is terminally ill, that should make a massive difference to the way it’s investigated. “Policing doesn’t have to step in with two heavy boots and treat it like a murder inquiry when quite clearly from the outset it’s not. “Until the law is changed, policing should step into this space in a more considerate and less forensic way.” Sarah Wootton, chief executive of campaign group Dignity in Dying, said too often terminally ill people are forced to “resort to drastic measures”. She added: “An assisted dying law would include upfront safeguards to better protect people, and ensure anyone considering assisted dying was making a voluntary and fully informed decision, and receiving proper medical support.”  Mavis Eccleston faced a murder trial after surviving a heartbreaking suicide pact with husband Dennis four years ago. He had terminal bowel cancer and made clear that he did not want further treatment or to end up languishing in hospital. After an awful night when Mavis was woken by her husband howling in pain, she agreed to help him end his life. They each took the same amount of sleeping tablets and lay down in their living room, where they were found a couple of hours later. Dennis, 81, died in hospital but Mavis recovered and was arrested. The couple’s daughter Joy Munns said: “The police came and took her away in her nightie, dressing gown and slippers. I was clinging to her, begging them not to take her. “They put her in a cell for nearly 30 hours before we got her released.” Mavis and Dennis, shared details of their suicide plan in a family meeting. Joy said she tried to explain this to the police and it was only when the trial began prosecutors realised they had made “a terrible mistake”. Mavis told Stafford Crown Court her husband “knew full well” what medication they were taking and administered his overdose. A jury cleared her of murder and manslaughter after a two-week trial. Mavis, 83, is now living in a retirement village. Joy said: “She was willing to do anything to get my dad out of pain. He could have died peacefully in a humane way. That night, you can imagine the pair of them, how petrified they must have been. That breaks my heart the most.”