Angel Adoree and Dick Strawbridge embarked on an adventure of a lifetime when they purchased a derelict 19th Century chateau in the heart of France seven years ago. The couple hasn't looked back since, continuing to revamp their stunning home and keeping their Escape to the Chateau fans updated as they do so. With Channel 4 documenting many aspects of their lives, it's no wonder viewers want to find out as much as they can about the duo. Apart from starring on Escape to the Chateau with her husband Dick Strawbridge, Angel Adoree is best known for writing the Vintage Tea Party book series. Dragons' Den fans may remember when she appeared on the BBC show and was offered a £100,000 investment from Deborah Meaden and Theo Paphitis for her business The Vintage Patisserie. While the investment didn't go ahead after the show, in 2011, Angel opened up her first Vintage Patisserie in Hackney. The shop is no longer open with Angel now running as a 1940s-themed events business, based at her home, Chateau de-la-Motte Husson. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Robert Sugden's return sealed in Victoria twist Angel Adoree was born on April 7, 1978, in east London, which means the Escape to the Chateau star is now 44 years old. At the time of her going on Dragons' Den, Angel was 32 and five years later, she married Dick Strawbridge. The couple hit it off straight away after meeting at a party through their shared agent. Angel and Dick made the big move of venturing to France the same year they tied the knot. Her husband Dick on the other hand is almost two decades older than Angel. The former Scrapheap Challenge star was born on September 3, 1959, making him 62 years old. So there is a whopping 18-year age gap between the couple but they have proven over the years that age really is just a number. They have two children, their son Arthur is eight years old while his little sister Dorothy is seven. DON'T MISS...Antiques Roadshow guest stunned by value of Medieval ring 'Good God'  [REACTION]Escape to the Chateau employee thought Dick Strawbridge was 'stupid' [EXPLAINER]Dick Strawbridge: Does the Escape to the Chateau star have siblings? [CAST] Angel previously opened up on the podcast show ID10T with Chris Hardwick about their initial meeting. She said: “Dick was 50 and I was in my early 30s and it’s quite easy to say, ‘Find yourself someone younger’ which you did do. “But then you thought, ‘No I’m just going to go for it, give it a go.’” Dick also opened up to the Belfast Telegraph on telling Angel to find a "young man" but, of course, she didn't listen to him. Sadly, there has been no talk on exactly when Escape to the Chateau will return. Season nine is expected to go ahead but Channel 4 hasn't revealed a possible timeframe. However, seeing as previous series have come out at the end of the year, this will likely be the case for the next series. Escape to the Chateau is available to watch on All4.