"The first few minutes were sufficient to show that football by women is totally out of the question," wrote the nowdefunct Daily Sketch newspaper. "A footballer requires speed, judgement, skill, and pluck. Not one of these four qualities was apparent on Saturday." The Jarrow Express, a local newspaper observing the play in Crouch End, north London, was equally scathing. "The members of the British Ladies' Football Club have played their first match in public - We hope it will be their last." How times have changed. As the UEFA Women's Euros 2022 kick off at Old Trafford tomorrow, more than 250 million viewers across 52 countries are poised to watch England's Lionesses take on Austria. After years of being benched, the women's game has finally been elevated to centre stage thanks in part to greater funding at grassroots level, notably from the National Lottery, which has invested more than £50million into the sport over the last 10 years.  To celebrate that remarkable transition and cheer on today's hopefuls, former Liverpool Ladies footballer - and chart-topping singersongwriter Chelcee Grimes - has joined community team members to pay homage to the first female players by recreating the original 1895 British Ladies' Football Club team photo. Chelcee, 30, who flaunted her own footwork at the recent charity tournament Soccer Aid, poses as British Ladies' team captain Nettie Honeyball and is flanked by members of the Saltley Stallions and Stafford Soccer Mums in an image shared exclusively with the Daily Express. "I'm in awe of them," says Chelcee of the pioneering sportswomen. "It's hard even now to be a woman in football and when I grew up and started playing 20 years ago it wasn't a cool thing to do. To think these women were playing back then is incredible."  The players wore replicas of the buttoned-up blouses, billowing bloomers and heeled boots worn by their 19th-century counterparts. The outfits were part of the "rational dress movement," which was actually aimed at liberating women from corsets and skirts. To modern eyes, used to stretchy, close-fitting soccer strips, they look restrictive and uncomfortable. "It was crazy to think women played in these outfits," remarks Chelcee. "I try to find the tightest-fitting kit and choose how to wear my socks but they didn't have a choice." Back then women were expected not to break Victorian standards of decency - but playing football was still an exercise in early feminism.  "It was part of the call for women's emancipation," says Professor Jean Williams, a university professor who specialises in the cultural history of sports. The British Ladies' Football Club was formed in 1894 by Dumfries aristocrat Lady Florence Dixie, a women's rights campaigner, and Mary Hutson, a middle-class woman who played under the pseudonym Nettie Honeyball. "I would say Nettie Honeyball was the first international superstar of women's football," says Professor Williams. "Think of all the things we want more of in football today: more female leadership; femaleowned teams in clubs; more women in sports media, and more high-profile role models - Nettie Honeyball was all of those in one.  "She absolutely pioneered leadership of women in football and used it as a vehicle for women's rights." Dixie was its president. She never kicked a football but adored hunting, fishing and riding and believed women should have the same sporting rights as men. "Lady Dixie made clear that if she was going to be part of the club then the players would wear 'rational dress', look like footballers and play proper football," says Professor Williams.  Women played their first professional football match in Edinburgh in May 1881 in a match between Scotland and England but it proved controversial. A second game, held days later in Glasgow, was marred by hundreds of men invading the pitch and by 1894, medical professionals were calling for women to be banned from football entirely. In the face of widespread hostility, Nettie remained defiant. She courted the press for six months to create hype and garner free print advertising. Speaking to the Daily Sketch she said she had "the fixed resolve of proving to the world that women are not the 'ornamental and useless' creatures men have pictured." The players were coached by ex-Tottenham Hotspur player Bill Julian and trained for several months at a park near Alexandra Park racecourse in north London. Nettie's savvy marketing skills paid off: the women's first match attracted 10,000 spectators. "It proved so popular that the club fractured into different teams," Professor Williams says. "They played 160 matches across the whole of the UK attended by the paying public and up to 1902 they played matches against male teams, which proved to be the biggest draw of all." That same year the FA barred women from playing against men. Then, in 1921, they introduced a total ban on females in football, which lasted 51 years. "It was almost like starting from scratch again," says Chelcee. She remembers kicking a ball against a kerb outside her home from a young age. I was an only child up to the age of 16 so football was my thing," she says. "There were only boys in my street so it was either football or getting my homework done, so I chose football." Her grandfather saw an advert in the paper for the Ian Rush Soccer School and took Chelcee down for a trial. "I was the only girl there, I didn't even own a pair of football boots," she remembers. When scouts from Liverpool Ladies saw her play, she won a spot. But Chelcee noticed her teammates only survived financially by juggling their dream with another job. As the only girl on her school team, she dropped football professionally at 16 to become a singer-songwriter. She has since written for Kylie and Dua Lipa. "At that time, music was financially more safe for me but if I was that age now, I would probably want to go all the way because that is an option now and it's down to the National Lottery funding women's football, keeping it alive and giving girls an opportunity," she says. A note of wistfulness creeps into her voice when reflecting on what could have been. "I've been more successful as a songwriter over the past few years, and it's led me down other routes but there's a part of me that wishes maybe if I was playing now, I'd go all the way," she says. The National Lottery funding has pumped more than £5.7billion into grassroots sports over the last 25 years but it is its funding during the pandemic that has proved to be a lifeline. The club that Chelcee's little sister Imogen played for until recently was one of the beneficiaries. "A lot of the grassroots teams would have folded without the money invested by the National Lottery," Chelcee says. The money can be used on kit, tournaments or travel.  It is not all about scoring goals, says Saltley Stallions centre midfielder Sana Gill, 31. "It enables women to build bridges and break down barriers in so much more than just the sport," she says. "While I started off playing socially, my passion for the game and this concept had me pushing boundaries of the club even further by creating the team and managing them into becoming a successful unit who now play in the 11-a-side league competitively." Ellie Roberts, one of the founding members of the Stafford Soccer Mums, helped set the team up in 2016 as part of a Staffordshire FA initiative to get women involved in sport.  She had not been active since school and most of the original nine-strong team had never kicked a ball before as football was "for boys" when they were young. Now, they have more than 50 members. "I always feel better after going to training," Ellie, 43, says. "I would always tell anyone goi says to give it a go.You don't need to be super fit, super speedy or super skilled - I certainly am not - just willing to enjoy yourself." Like all the women, Chelcee loved the opportunity to portray these bold heroines who have largely been forgotten by history. "They were trailblazers and unapologetically rebellious," she says.  She believes the future of women's football is bright. "It's not just me and my team like it used to be," she says. "It's an ocean of girls playing now and it's incredible. I want to keep it going that way and see it growing as much as possible." So what are her predictions for the Lionesses? "Is it too soon to say it's coming home?" she laughs. "I hope they can get to the final and then anything can happen. Fingers crossed for the girls." And no one would be cheering louder than Nettie and Lady Dixie if they could. "All those women (in the British Ladies' Football Club) would be smiling and proud that they were the first ones who started it all," Chelcee says. Because watching women enjoy themselves on a level playing field has been the biggest win of all. 