Classic Hollywood actress Lauren Bacall criticised Notes on a Scandal's director Sir Richard Eyre over a scene of Dame Judi Dench's character Barbara Covett looking unglamorous in a bath. Sir Richard recalled Lauren's fury in the Channel 5 documentary Judi Dench: Our National Treasure. The award-winning film Notes on a Scandal focuses on a veteran high school teacher who makes friends with a younger teacher who is having an affair with a student. Judi plays a bitter villain who manipulates Cate Blanchett's character who's embroiled in an illicit affair with a 15-year-old pupil. While the film was met with critical acclaim, Hollywood icon Lauren was not impressed by the raw scene of Judi "smoking and sweating" in a very warm bath. The How to Marry a Millionaire actress reportedly told the director off at the film's premiere in 2006. READ MORE: Harrison Ford told Steven Spielberg to change Indiana Jones scene Sir Richard recalled: "At the premiere in New York, Lauren Bacall shouted, 'Richard, come here. How dare you do that to Judi, that scene in the bath with her sweating and smoking. "It's horrible, how could you make her look like that?' "I said, 'But that was [Judi's] favourite scene in the film.'" He continued: "And there you have the gap between Judi and Hollywood glamour.  "She is without physical vanity and her principle concern is to be truthful." While the director described Judi as a "national treasure" and "wonderful person" he revealed she loves to play the villain in films. "She loves playing meanness and all the unattractive characteristics of people," he explained. Actor Bonnie Greer also praised Judi for taking on the role for the iconic film in the Channel 5 documentary. DON'T MISS...Billy Connolly panicked good friend Judi Dench ‘fancied me’  [INSIGHT]Judi Dench: Star on adapting to her 'ridiculous' condition [LATEST]Dame Judi Dench claims late husband’s ‘presence’ still in her home "She's not afraid to be without make-up, she's not afraid to have white hair or any of those things," Bonnie explained. "We love her for her complete honesty." The psychological thriller Notes on a Scandal was adapted from a book of the same name by Zoë Heller. Dame Judi and Cate both received Oscar nominations for their performances in the film.  While they missed out on an Academy Award, Dame Judi won the gong for best performance by an actress at the British Independent Film Awards. A series of other hit films the 87-year-old has starred in were discussed in the Channel 5 documentary about her life and career, including Casino Royale, Skyfall and Shakespeare in Love. She holds the coveted title of being the British actress with the most Oscar nominations of all time. Judi Dench: Our National Treasure is available to stream on My5. 