Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel is reportedly cold on the idea of signing Cristiano Ronaldo from Manchester United this summer, despite intrigue from the Blues hierarchy. Jorge Mendes is frantically trying to find a new club for his client, who has decided that he would prefer to ditch the Red Devils and play Champions League football next season. Ronaldo has supposedly decided to try and cut his Man Utd reunion short, with Mendes attempting to find him a new club midway through his two-year contract. The Portuguese lashed in 18 Premier League goals last term, but it was only enough for the Red Devils to finish sixth and miss out on next season's Champions League. Having played in Europe's top-tier competition every single year since 2003, missing out was naturally a big deal for Ronaldo. Some have criticised the timing of his decision given that United have spent most of the summer assuming that they would not have to sign a new striker. The Red Devils may yet stand firm and demand that Ronaldo honours his contract, but the right offer would likely convince them to part with an unhappy player. Chelsea are rumoured to be in the mix after owner Todd Boehly met with Mendes last month. JUST IN: Man Utd 'meet asking price' for Lisandro Martinez as Ten Hag bids to end Arsenal battle Despite that, The Independent claim that Chelsea's transfer process is structured in a way that gives Tuchel the final say on potential arrivals. Understandably, Boehly and co do not want to splash out on players that the German does not see as part of his first-team plans. With that said, Tuchel supposedly has 'little interest' in a deal for Ronaldo and sceptical fans will be pleased to find out that the 37-year-old is 'not on the manager's list of transfer targets'. Boehly may therefore be pushing for a deal in vain, which would leave the Man Utd star hanging. DON'T MISS...Arsenal new boy Jesus makes Thierry Henry comments ahead of debutLiverpool 'receive improved bid' for youngster to boost Klopp's budgetTottenham 'draw up Clement Lenglet travel plan' as Barcelona deal made The immediate outlook is relatively bleak for Ronaldo, especially considering many regard him to be one of the greatest players of all time. Mendes' first round of meetings supposedly sparked little interest in a permanent signing, and the veteran forward is now allegedly prepared to take a hefty pay cut to continue playing in the Champions League. United had shown an interest in striker Darwin Nunez earlier in the summer, who may have been a perfect replacement for Ronaldo, but Liverpool tied up a deal for the Uruguayan instead. Erik ten Hag is believed to consider Ajax star Antony as a viable option to carry some of the goals burden. An opening £51million bid is poised to be rejected.  The situation is turning into a sticky one for both Chelsea and United, while former Premier League marksman Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink has urged the Red Devils to find a way to get Ronaldo gone. "You do not want an unhappy player - especially a player of that calibre," he said. "You want him to be happy. "If you are going to work with Ronaldo you know that you are going to build your team around him. But if he is not happy, on the amount of money that you pay, maybe use that for some other players and use it within the squad. You are not going to be able to replace him but you can make the team better in different places."