Richard Eden made the claim amid reports Netflix is planning to release the Duke and Duchess of Sussex’s docu-series around the same time as the new season of popular royal drama The Crown. He branded the decision, reported in the New York Post, as “sad” because the couple were “being used to promote a drama dismissed as fiction by the real royals”.  Writing in his weekly Palace Confidential newsletter, Mr Eden said: “A report in the New York Post claimed that Netflix plans to stream Harry and Meghan’s reality TV show, or ‘docu-series’, as they prefer to call it, around the same time as the new season of hit drama The Crown. “Harry and Meghan being used to promote a drama dismissed as fiction by the real royals. Sad.” Commenting on Netflix's alleged plan, royal commentator Angela Levin also waded in accusing the Sussexes of trying to run a "woke" alternative to "wipe out" the Firm and argued that their titles should be removed. Writing on Twitter, she said: "More proof that H and M want to run a woke alternate royal family that would wipe out the one we have already. “Time to lose their titles and for Harry his Counsellor of State post. Of course with M also as President in the USA." Also commenting on the claims, royal expert Richard Eden said: "Gosh! This really would be tacky." Netflix reportedly wants to air the series shortly after the fifth season of royal drama The Crown, which is out in November.  READ MORE: Meghan and Harry entering 'second part of transformation' A source told Page Six: “There is a lot to organise and a lot of things at play here." The insider added that Netflix "wants to make sure they get in there and don’t get scooped" by Harry's tell-all memoir, which is due later this year. The source said: “[Netflix executives] knew the book was coming out, which is why they wanted the series this year. They don’t want to hold off any longer."  DON'T MISS Royal Family LIVE: Camilla dragged into race row with Harry and Meghan [BLOG]Meghan’s alleged feud with Beckham’s laid bare [INSIGHT]‘Floundering’ Harry’s US ambitions savaged by Sharon Osbourne [OPINION] However, it was previously reported that the couple want to release the show next year. Mr Eden also attacked Prince Harry’s recent speech at the United Nations, describing it as “one long whinge”. He added: "Harry gave no sense of why he deserved to be handed the honour of celebrating Mandela’s memory.  “The speech was a badly written mess that gave the impression of one long whinge. “News emerging from Netflix may provide a truer indication of where the couple’s future really lies. Harry, and Meghan, a former US actress, married in a lavish Windsor ceremony in May 2018, a wedding which was heralded at the time as infusing a blast of Hollywood glamour and modernity into the monarchy, and making them one of the world’s biggest celebrity couples. But the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, who share son Archie Harrison and daughter Lilibet Diana, sparked a royal crisis when they publicly announced in January 2020 they wished to step back from royal duties and spend more time in the US away from the public spotlight. A later deal brokered by the Queen meant they went on their own way from April 2020.  As part of the agreement, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex have sought to carve out “a progressive new role”, with the aim to finance themselves. The pair also stopped using their HRH titles - His or Her Royal Highness - were banned from using “royal” in their branding and Harry, who remains a prince, was forced to relinquish his beloved military titles. Since their departure, the couple signed a multi-million dollar deal with US streaming giant Netflix as they carve out their new life in Los Angeles.