The reason for this, commentator Daniela Elser believes, is because the Sussexes are the only branch of the Queen's family to include a person of colour. Writing for The New Zealand Herald, Ms Elser said "the Windsors may not be in contention for family of the year" but claimed that they are not "so cold-blooded" they would wish for harm to come to the Duke and his family. She added: "Likewise surely (hopefully) everyone involved in the decision-making about their protection would be cognisant of the very horrible fact that the Sussexes' security needs, as the only branch of the Queen's family to include a person of colour, are sadly always going to be much more complex than that of, for example, Princess Anne". Even though she is a full-time working member of the Royal Family, Princess Anne only receives protection when she's undertaking official duties. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex lost their taxpayer-funded security after quitting their roles as senior royals in early 2020.  Writing for The New Zealand Herald, Ms Elser said "the Windsors may not be in contention for family of the year" but claimed that they are not "so cold-blooded" they would wish for harm to come to the Duke and his family. She added: "Likewise surely (hopefully) everyone involved in the decision-making about their protection would be cognisant of the very horrible fact that the Sussexes' security needs, as the only branch of the Queen's family to include a person of colour, are sadly always going to be much more complex than that of, for example, Princess Anne". Even though she is a full-time working member of the Royal Family, Princess Anne only receives protection when she's undertaking official duties. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex lost their taxpayer-funded security after quitting their roles as senior royals in early 2020. READ MORE: Meghan and Kate step out in almost identical scarlet dress - pictures At the time it was revealed the Duke would lose his protection, an army veteran who served in Afghanistan at the same time as the royal said Prince Harry is a target in and out of the war zone. Speaking on LBC, the veteran said: "Here’s a royal who fought to protect his country and is now having his protection withdrawn. The irony is gob-smacking.” In 2020, Evening Standard reported that it costs a total of £100million per year to protect members of the Royal Family that are eligible for security. Ken Wharfe, Princess Diana's former security guard, revealed that a personal protection officer is typically paid £100,000 per year.  Additionally, the paper reported that the Sussexes' protection was estimated to have clocked in around £20 million per year before they left the Firm. Without a guarantee of police protection, Prince Harry believes it is too dangerous to bring his family from the US to visit the UK - which his lawyer has previously said "is and always will be his home". Harry and Meghan have only visited the UK a handful of times since they left to start a new life in the US. The 37-year-old Prince made the trip back to his home country alone in July 2021 to reunite with his brother, Prince William, to unveil a statue of their beloved late mother, Princess Diana. The Sussexes also came back to the UK in April, meeting the Queen on the way to the Invictus Games, and attended the thanksgiving service during the Platinum Jubilee last month. 