With the cost of living crisis in full swing, reducing food waste and saving money is vital. Some items are cheaper if bought in bulk, but before you throw away old and wrinkly vegetables, there is an easy way to revive and refresh them. The Facebook group Simple Savers is where thousands share their advice, money saving tips, bargains they’ve spotted and favourite recipes. Caroline Quinn shared her hack with the group. She posted an image of a cauliflower and the caption read: “Last night I found an extremely floppy cauli in our second fridge (two weeks old). “And I remember reading a tip from Flo Bjelke-Petersen to soak vegetables in water overnight to refresh them. READ MORE: Greggs ex-employee shares secret code that shows how fresh food is “So I gave it a go and this morning it’s like a fresh cauli! “So give it a go, if you find a vegetable that looks like it’s past using, soak it in water,” she recommended. The post gained hundreds of likes and thumbs up, and sparked debate. Renèe Maguire commented: “Works well for carrots also. DON'T MISS...Heatwave UK: 9 ways to stay cool if you have no air con [GUIDE]Man transforms body & sheds 20% body fat after being ‘fat-shamed’ [PICTURES]'Extremely effective’ way to ‘stop signs of ageing’ & ‘smooth wrinkles [EXPERT] “But I find if I peel and chop the ends off my carrots then store them in a container in the fridge they last so much longer and don’t go floppy after a week or two!” Silver Burra added: “Works well for floppy celery too. “Just cut the bottom ends off 1cm and stand in cold water for a few hours, like a bunch of flowers, and they are nice and crisp again.” Lisa Bartkus wrote: “Thanks for the tip seen also reviving lettuce with ice water and also to put a paper towel in with storing it.” READ MORE: M&S to remove best before labels from 300 food items Someone else suggested using this hack for any items bought on reduced, or with ‘yellow stickers’ on. “This also works well for the vegetables you buy on markdowns because they're nearing the end,” the comment read. With energy prices sky-high at the moment, don’t tip the bowl of water down the drain, you can use it to boil the vegetables, or simply take it outside to water plants in the garden. Donna Michelle, on the other hand, uses her old and wrinkly vegetables in another way. She said: “I use veggies that look half dead to make the best soup. “Vegetable flavour is better just before they are unusable.”