Quick-tempered, fearless and prone to acts of savagery, Caan's performance as the swaggering Italian was a tour de force with a charisma to rival that of his stellar co-stars Marlon Brando, Al Pacino and Robert Duvall. Brando played Sonny's father Vito Corleone, and Pacino was Vito's younger son, Michael.  In one scene Sonny explains to Michael how to execute a hit, with the timeless line: "You gotta get 'em close like this and bada-bing! - you blow their brains all over your nice Ivy League suit." Caan became known as the toughest man on screen and was even voted Italian of the year, despite him being Jewish and born in the Bronx, New York. He then appeared in a string of hit films including The Killer Elite in 1975 alongside Duvall, and also starred in Rollerball. Away from the cameras he boxed to stay fit and was also a sixth degree black belt in karate. Studio bosses failed to persuade him to give up rodeo riding, even though he suffered many broken bones. Caan's health also suffered from an addiction to cocaine which may have affected his decision to turn down roles in successful films including Apocalypse Now, One Flew Over The Cuckoo's Nest and Kramer vs. Kramer. In 1985 he intended to make a screen comeback in the film The Holcroft Covenant but walked out, partly due to his inability to control his drug addiction. Michael Caine took his place.  After intense treatment, Caan astonished the movie world with his performance in the 1990 psychological thriller Misery, based on a Stephen King book. He played an enfeebled, bedridden novelist terrorised by a fan played by Kathy Bates. In the 2003 Christmas film Elf he revealed his comedy skills when taking on a lighter role. However, sadly, his private life remained in disarray. He was arrested after being accused of drawing a gun in public, and Hollywood madam Heidi Fleiss claimed she had an affair with the star. The actor married four times. With first wife Dee Jay Mathis he had a daughter,Tara; and with second wife Sheila Marie Ryan he had a son, Scott. He also had a son, Alexander, with third wife Ingrid Hajek, and two sons, James and Jacob, with fourth wife Linda Stokes. All of his children survive him. James Caan, born March 26, 1940– died July 6, 2022, aged 92 