Prince Charles,73, has been preparing to take the throne all his life, but despite his long wait – the longest in British royal history – some argue that his son and second-in-line William should take the top role. It is something that has long been touted as a possibility, with many claiming that William and his wife, Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, better reflect the times and are at the forefront of the modern Royal Family. Stewart Pearce, Diana, Princess of Wales’ former voice coach, recently suggested that William could be the next British monarch. READ MORE: 'Best chance of stable future' Queen public outings pivotal to secure Charles' role In an interview with The Sun, he said: “He [Charles] may not take the throne, he may hand it to his young son. He doesn’t want to do it, such a difficult task.” He added that William is “part of the conversation” and has been since a young age. In response, Express.co.uk asked readers whether Charles should retire to allow William to reign. In a poll that ran from 9am on Wednesday, June 29, to 8am on Friday, July 1, Express.co.uk asked: “Should Prince William step in and let Prince Charles retire?” A total of 4,859 people responded with the vast majority, 70 percent (3,397 people), answering “yes”, William should let Charles retire. A further 28 percent (1,345 people) answered “no” while just two percent (117 people) said they did not know either way. Dozens of readers shared their thoughts on the future of the Monarchy in the comments below the accompanying article. Many were in favour of William taking the throne and allowing Charles to retire. One reader, username Charlieboy..1953 said: “Prince William and Kate need to be our next king and queen. They are pure and full of love for the people.” Username Glogger said: “Prince William should be our king, not prince Charles. William and Kate would be a great king and queen ìt would be more for our country.” Another reader, username Edel, said: “Definity yes, Prince William should be our next King with Catherine and not Prince Charles and Camilla.”  And username Pip54 said: “I don't think Charles will be a good king, it will be very strange when the Queen finally goes it will seem like the end of the Monarchy, I think William is the one to take us forward.” For the crown to pass directly to William Parliament would need to pass legislation to change the line of succession. University College London’s Constitution Unit writes on its website: “Having waited over 60 years as heir apparent, it would be natural for Prince Charles to want to assume the throne and perform the royal duties for which he has spent so long preparing. “But it would be equally natural if, after reigning for a few years as an increasingly elderly monarch, he chose to invite parliament to hand on the throne to Prince William.” DON'T MISS: Meghan Markle slammed by Republicans for wading into politics [REPORT]Meghan's interview will leave Netflix and Spotify 'pulling hair out' [INSIGHT]Prince Charles follows in father's footsteps with new title after Prince Philip’s death [UPDATE] However, some readers argued that Charles was deserving of the position and should not hand it to William straight away. Username Here Goes said: “Prince Charles has had his eye on that job for seventy years; he will not retire until he has attained his goal.” While username Baileybrit wrote: “William will get his turn when his father dies. Let him have some private life first.” And username Eannc said: “No. Let William enjoy his young family while he can. His time will come soon enough.” Meanwhile username MVS said: “When the day does come, I'm confident Prince Charles will make her [the Queen] and the nation proud as King, followed by Prince William.” In April this year, a similar survey was conducted by Ipsos for the Independent which found 42 percent in favour of William taking the throne next. Just 24 percent said Charles should not step aside and a further 29 percent do not have strong feelings towards the issue. At the time royal expert Jennie Bond claimed that there is “no chance” William will become King next and said Charles is the “best-trained monarch we've ever had” who “wants the top job”.