The 'big day' top 40 playlist also included 'Happy' by Pharrell Williams, Toploader’s 'Dancing in the Moonlight', and 'Mr Brightside', by The Killers. 'Single Ladies', by Beyonce, and 'One Love', by Blue also featured. The research also found 59 percent love the cheesiness of a wedding playlist, and 21 percent enjoy nothing more than a good boogie with pals to celebrate someone tying the knot. Savoury biscuit brand Mini Cheddars, which commissioned the research, has created the ultimate wedding superband, featuring Blue's Duncan James and Claire Richards, from Steps, which will perform for one night only this September. Leighton Wall, a spokesperson for global snacking company, pladis UK&I, said: "Weddings are a great way to let loose, at their heart, they are all about happiness. "Part of this happiness comes from letting go of inhibitions, hitting the dance floor and fully embracing those ‘guilty pleasures’. "For some reason, showing emotions and being authentically yourself is seen as somewhat cheesy among many - but we say embrace it, not just at weddings but any time you fancy.” The study also found 30 percent of those polled believe speeches are typically the cheesiest part of any wedding ceremony. Second on this list was the often-awkward first dance (27 percent) followed by the music choices (26 percent). But more than one in 10 admit they never dance at weddings they attend. And the age-old question of whether wedding planners should go for a DJ, or a live band, hasn’t been answered - with Brits split right down the middle on what they prefer.  On the big day, the wedding ceremony itself, including the exchanging of vows, was deemed slightly better than the evening party (24 percent compared to 22 percent). But 15 percent simply look forward to enjoying the wedding breakfast. The average adult has attended eight weddings, putting them in a good position to judge how well one has gone - while 10 percent estimate they’ve been to 15 or more. And of those who are already married, one in five had a row with their other half about what tunes should go on the all-important evening do playlist. Blue star Duncan James said: “It can be hard to reach a compromise on music if one person loves heavy metal and the other’s a pop-peddler. "This is why it’s often best to leave your preconceived notions of what music is ‘good’ at the door, and let a DJ play the biggest crowd pleasers in their record collection. "There’s a reason many of the songs in this ultimate wedding playlist have been mainstays for decades. They’re timeless classics everyone knows, and Claire and I can’t wait to play a few of ours on one couple’s special day.” Steps singer Claire Richards said: “To play such an amazing role in one couple’s wedding will be a real honour. "I know how important music is at a wedding, and Duncan and I can’t wait to make sure every guest fully embraces that no-care feeling you only get dancing your heart out at a wedding.“ To find out how to have Duncan James and Claire Richards perform at your wedding visit https://www.instagram.com/minicheddarsuk/?hl=en – the competition closes on Friday 19 August. TOP 40 WEDDING PLAYLIST SONGS: