Spanish monarch Queen Letizia has a fabulous figure. It is possible that she is a follower of one special diet - Perricone. Here's how she keeps her body and skin in tip top shape through her food choices. According to the official Perricone website: "Mental clarity, increased energy and an overall boost in physical well-being - it’s all possible with Dr. Perricone’s 28-Day Anti-Inflammatory Diet." The diet promises that participants will "help you look and feel your best at any age". But what is inflammation and how can slimmers avoid it? An inflammatory response in the body is a response to anything that may be causing you harm - including some foods. READ MORE: Michael Mosley's 'golden rules' for 'effective' rapid weight loss Inflammation can go onto affect the way the body metabolises food and even accelerates signs of ageing. If the Perricone Diet is Queen Letizia's diet of choice, it is clear that it has done wonders for the 49-year-old's age. But what can slimmers expect to eat on the Perricone Diet? The "delicious" 28 day plan is high in antioxidants, high in protein and low in foods that lead to inflammation and weight gain. Such foods include bread, pasta, cereal, rice, anything fried, fruit juice and fizzy drinks, potatoes and snacks such as crisps. As for drinks, dieters should be avoiding fruit juice and fizzy drinks. Fizzy drinks in particular have been linked to "chronic" inflammation. Instead, those participating in the diet plan should swap this out for green tea or water. READ MORE: How Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, stays slim at 74 While there is a pretty long list of foods that slimmers should avoid, they are free to stock up on nutrient rich, healthy goodies. Some high quality foods Dr Perricone recommends are salmon, turkey, almonds, tomatoes, beans and pulses, Greek yoghurt, vegetable soup and boiled eggs. In conversation with James Michael Tyler, Dr Perricone spoke about his anti-ageing, anti-inflammatory diet. He listed blueberries, salmon and green tea as his top three anti-inflammatory foods. "They're powerful anti-inflammatories. Now salmon has high levels of Omega-3s, salmon also contains adequate amounts of protein, and contains a very powerful antioxidant. Salmon's almost perfect." The antioxidant astaxanthin is responsible for salmon's beautiful colour. As for blueberries, these also include a "powerful antioxidant". The doctor continued: "Green tea is an absolute miracle. Green tea contains large amounts of anti-inflammatories." In this way it can help us to lose weight - the "opposite" way that coffee affects the body - according to the doctor.