Experts at WeThrift shared five TikTok hacks that help get rid of bad smells which they said were "the perfect hacks to remove odours from your shoes". Baking soda is a multipurpose item that most people have in their cupboards. It is also very effective to remove odours from the shoes. TikTok user @carolina.mccauley recommended using an old pair of tights to do this. Add a few scoops of baking powder inside of the tights, tie them up and place them inside the shoes. READ MORE: Boris Johnson net worth as he resigns as Prime Minister Nick Drewe said that alternatively, people can "look for two or three unused tea bags, depending on how strong the odour is, place them inside of your shoes, let them sit for 24 hours”. Commenting on the TikTok video, user @erem087 said: "I use cheap tea bags of black tea." @Spicoli commented: "Those are great for making cars smell nice too." Another one, @Gigi, added: "That really works. I’ve tried it." @Ellie added: "Dry tea bags overnight work like a charm!"  To remove strong odours from the shoes, TikToker @dsanglay recommended using tumble dryer sheets. People simply have to place the dryer sheet at the bottom of the shoe and let them sit for a while. Trend expert Nick Drewe said: “You can also use dryer sheets to quiet squeaky rubber soles. "Simply rub the sheet onto the sole of your shoe, the residue should help remove any friction.” READ MORE: Get rid of mosquitos in the house this summer using common herb Another unusual hack to get rid of unpleasant smells is to put the shoes in the freezer. TikTok user @machereford explained this is a simple but effective hack. Start by "knocking off dirt and mud" then put them in the freezer, leaving them in for a couple of hours before taking them out, he explained. The cold is a proven trick to kill the smell. Expert Nick added: “For this hack, you may want to wrap the shoe in plastic before placing it in the freezer, as you won't want your shoes causing food contamination.” For this hack, simply fill a small bowl with rubbing alcohol, use a cotton pad to soak the solution, and apply it to the sole of the shoe until it is completely covered. Alternatively, you can pour the rubbing alcohol into a spray bottle and apply the mixture to the inside of the shoe. As rubbing alcohol is a natural antiseptic it will disinfect the shoe and naturally dry out the odour.