Genshin Impact 2.8 release date and time is fast approaching, with HoYoverse set to drop the Summer Fantasia update soon. This patch, which will bring with it a new four star character - Shikanoin Heizou - and let players claim a free Fischl, is scheduled to launch on Tuesday July 12 or Wednesday July 13 depending on what time zone you're in. The new Genshin Impact update will be available after five hours of scheduled server downtime. If you're wondering when Genshin Impact servers are being taken offline for maintenance then here are the start and scheduled end times for different regions around the world... Genshin Impact 2.8 UK launch: Server downtime begins at 11pm UK time on Tuesday July 12, ends at 4am UK time on Wednesday July 13 Genshin Impact 2.8 European launch: Server downtime begins at 12am CEST time on Wednesday July 13, ends at 5am UK time on Wednesday July 13 Genshin Impact 2.8 US launch: Server downtime begins at 3pm pacific time / 6pm eastern time on Tuesday July 12, ends at 8pm pacific time / 11pm on Tuesday July 12 For every hour that servers are scheduled to be down players will get a reward of 60 Primogems, meaning they'll get 300 Primogems in total added to their account as a thanks for waiting to get back online. In the run-up to the Genshin Impact 2.8 release date, HoYoverse have released an update notice detailing what the patch will include. One of the big additions with Genshin Impact 2.8 update is a free Fischl character which can be claimed after doing in-game challenges. Genshin Impact 2.8 will also see players return to the Golden Apple Archipelago. If you're wondering what to expect from Genshin Impact 2.8 then here are some early patch notes... Limited-Time Area: Golden Apple Archipelago (This area is only available during Version 2.8) Area Unlock Criteria: - Reach Adventure Rank 32 or above - Complete the Archon Quest "Chapter II: Prologue - Autumn Winds, Scarlet Leaves" - Complete Mona's Story Quest "Astrolabos Chapter: Act I - Beyond This World's Stars" - During the event, the Adventure Rank required to accept Mona's Story Quest "Astrolabos Chapter: Act I - Beyond This World's Stars" will be adjusted to 32. - The Golden Apple Archipelago will no longer be accessible after the end of Version 2.8. You will also no longer be able to open treasure chests, gather materials, or earn quest rewards on the islands, so grab the opportunity to explore away! New Character 4-Star Character "Analytical Harmony" Shikanoin Heizou - Vision: Anemo - Weapon: Catalyst - A young prodigy detective from the Tenryou Commission. His senses are sharp and his thoughts are clear. New Equipment Cursed Blade (4-Star Sword) - Take part in the Version 2.8 quest storyline to learn more about this weapon. New Events "Summertime Odyssey" Event: Take part to invite "Prinzessin der Verurteilung!" Fischl (Electro) During the event, complete the specified tasks in "Surfpiercer" and "Phantom Realms" to obtain rewards such as Primogems, Hero's Wit, and Mystic Enhancement Ore. Complete the "Phantom Realms" challenges to obtain Iridescent Flotsam. Accumulate a specified number of Iridescent Flotsam to invite "Prinzessin der Verurteilung!" Fischl (Electro)! You can also use Iridescent Flotsam to exchange for rewards such as Crown of Insight, Character Level-Up Materials, and Talent Level-Up Materials from the Event Shop. New Outfits Diluc - Red Dead of Night New Main Story 1. New Story Quest Kaedehara Kazuha's Story Quest: Acer Palmatum Chapter - Act I "A Strange and Friendless Road" 2. New Hangout Event Hangout Event: Shikanoin Heizou - Act I "Trap 'Em by Storm" 3. New World Quests - New limited-time World Quests: "The Treasure of the Four Skerries," "Thus Was the Work Done in Vain," "Treasure Voyage," "The Final Treasure," "Drama Phantasmagoria: Tale of the Sword-Wielding Princess!," "Bake-Danuki Wanderlust," "The Misplaced Photo," "The Discarded Insignia," and "A Misplaced Conch." - New World Quest: "Film Notes."