Barcelona have reportedly shelved the idea of trying to get Frenkie de Jong to join Manchester United. Erik ten Hag is desperate to reunite with the 25-year-old, who he previously managed at Ajax. Yet, now, it looks as though a deal to take the midfielder to Old Trafford is dead. Manchester United have spent nearly 70 days negotiating to try and sign De Jong from Barcelona. They’ve agreed a fee with their Catalan counterparts, with the Red Devils prepared to pay an initial £63million to secure the midfielder’s signature. Yet, now, Mundo Deportivo claim Barcelona have ‘shelved’ the idea of convincing De Jong to make the move. The player has never hidden his desire to stay at the Nou Camp, having spoken out on two occasions in recent months. Back in May, he said: “I used to be reckless when I was asked about other clubs, that time has passed. “I can’t say anything about that but I prefer to stay at Barcelona. Man Utd transfers: Barcelona draw up De Jong punishment plan “I have already said it before, Barcelona are the club of my dreams since I was little. “If other clubs call I will take the call, of course. It is something that is always done.” And, in June, he said: "You are always flattered when teams show interest in you as a player. "But I think I am at the biggest club in the world at the moment, I feel fine there, so no news." Now, per the publication, Barcelona think they stand no chance of getting De Jong to join United. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong It’s claimed the operation is ‘increasingly impossible by the player's own will’. However, Barcelona will still try and offload De Jong providing another suitable offer arrives. Bayern Munich could enter the race, though it’s unclear what funds they’ll have left in the bank once they sign Matthijs de Ligt from Juventus. Should De Jong go, they’ll ‘activate the Bernardo Silva operation’. But it’s ‘very difficult’ and with De Jong apparently unwilling to join United, it’ll be interesting to see what happens. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. United, for their part, are believed to still be confident they can entice De Jong into reuniting with Ten Hag. Yet with the saga dragging on and on, it’s certainly unclear what the final outcome will be. Meanwhile, in other United transfer news, the club have announced a deal for Lisandro Martinez. The Argentina international had been a target for Arsenal but, now, will move to Old Trafford instead. And, speaking before Martinez’s move to United was made official, Rio Ferdinand lauded the 24-year-old and dubbed him a ‘leader’. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “The more I've looked into him and the vibes and the stories I'm hearing and the mutterings from different people – it gets better,” he said. “I listened to an interview with Jurrien Timber, the young player that United were looking to sign, the centre-back Martinez played alongside at Ajax. “He was saying, ‘When I'm not on my game and a bit out of concentration, Martinez always shouts at me, he always swears at me in in his language and gets me going.’ “I’ve been shouting about the character element for a long time and from what I'm hearing from various people, Timber being one of them, is that he has the character. “He's a leader. He [makes] demands of other people and he's somebody who wants to get physical and very aggressive but who can also play.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here