DIY season is upon us, with longer days and warmer weather rearing its head. As with any new season, there’s a few property renovation trends sweeping social media that Britons might have their eye set on tackling over the next few months. To keep you from turning your DIY inspiration into a DIY blunder, Matthew Clague from tool hire firm, Speedy, delves into top viral trends worth giving a go this summer, and how to do so without breaking the bank. From affordable hacks to using the right tools for the job, these tips will have homeowners ready to roll up their sleeves and bring their Pinterest board to life. Before tackling any DIY projects homeowners need to ensure they have the right tools. Matthew explained: “The most important part for tackling any DIY project is ensuring you have the right tools to do so. “Opting for high quality, reliable tools will ensure a much smoother and quicker experience.” In research recently conducted by Speedy, three in 10 of those polled put tasks off because they lack confidence in their DIY abilities and 54 percent admit they often don’t even know if they’ve got the right tools for the project before starting it. Hiring specialist tools is a great way to save money on home makeovers, as it works out more cost-effective if you only ever use them a few times. READ MORE: How to sell your home for 10% above asking price using paint Making kitchen improvements can at first sound very costly, especially in the midst of the cost of living crisis, fuelled by material shortages and soaring energy costs. Many opt for hiring a professional to carry out renovation jobs, however, this can cost hundreds, if not thousands of pounds. Instead Matthew advises homeowners that updating kitchen cabinets will make a “big difference”. He said: “Revamping kitchen cupboard doors yourself will make a big difference to your home with a relatively small budget. “Steering away from the classic wooden look and painting your cupboards with bold colours will instantly alter your kitchen.” DON'T MISS: Use ‘candle trick’ for the ‘fastest’ method to banish flies from homes [EXPERT]Are there 'criminal plants' in your garden? 9 plants you can’t grow [INSIGHT]When to prune honeysuckle - three key timings for ‘romantic’ climbers [TIPS] Depending on the style of your cupboard doors, there is some prep that might be required before you’re ready to paint it a fresh new colour. The expert added: “You will have to sand wooden cupboards down well before painting. “Or you may have to remove plastic coating from the door prior to sanding, which can be done with the help of a heat gun. “For the ultimate modern look, try painting cupboards with this year’s trendy colours such as dark blues or greens and add the perfect finishing touch by sourcing new handles from the likes of Etsy.” Gone are the days where your paint job ended with four walls as statement ceilings are quickly gaining popularity as a simple way to add artistic flair to a room. For example, textured wallpaper and darker paint shades on ceilings are becoming increasingly popular. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans share ‘30 second’ hack to clean shower doors While the height of a ceiling can make this a tricky task to take on, there’s a few considerations that will help you tackle this modern look without dishing out too much cash, says the expert. He said: “Take time to consider what accent colour you want to add to the room. A lighter colour will open up the room while a darker colour can add warmth and depth. “If possible, take on this project at a time when you’ve planned to paint your walls too. Then start with the ceiling first to avoid splashing paint on fresh painted walls. “To make the job quick and easy and ensure a professional finish, try hiring a paint sprayer. When using this, always spray horizontally to avoid drips, and test your technique on a large piece of cardboard before starting out.” Accent panel walls are also having their moment on social platforms, and for good reason. They can completely transform the look of a room, elevating an otherwise plain wall into something a lot more polished. Matthew explained: “Although it may appear expensive, it’s quite a simple and affordable look to achieve. “All you need in terms of materials is panels of wood or dado rails, nails or grab adhesive glue, caulk, wood primer and your favourite paint colour. “Once you’ve decided on the design you’re after and confirmed the right measurements of wood needed, cutting the wood just right will be the most important step, using a saw and a tape measure. “Depending on your chosen design, you may have to cut some wood panels on an angle, which is easy enough with a mitre box and a circular saw. “After that, you can position and stick your panelling to the wall with a spirit level and wood glue or nails, before filling any gaps between the panel and the wall with caulk and painting it the colour to your liking.”