The latest drama to sweep the cobbles has come from Fiz Stape (played by Jennie McAlpine), who ditched her brand new husband Phill Whittaker (Jamie Kenna) just hours after they took their vows. The Coronation Street stalwart ran back into the arms of her ex, Tyrone Dobbs (Alan Halsall), but their steamy reunion left viewers disgusted as the ITV soap's dialogue left little to the imagination.  After Fiz admitted her feelings to Tyrone, the two spent the night together. However, they were soon interrupted by Phill, who was desperate to get Fiz back. Tyrone fled before Phill could spot him and the heartbroken groom begged Fiz to give their relationship another chance. In an attempt to impress her, he sprung on Fiz a romantic meal, complete with a mariachi band. His efforts were wasted though as Fiz's thoughts remained firmly on Tyrone. READ MORE: ‘I cheated!’ Blue Bloods’ Tom Selleck speaks out on avoiding injury Later, Tyrone returned to Fiz's to continue where they'd left off. As Fiz was unsure, he replied: "Of course we can. I'm only talking about a quickie." Fiz replied: "Is there any other kind?" as the pair went upstairs. The episode was also rife with innuendoes, with Phill and Tyrone once again chatting about Fiz later. "Did you go to bat for me?" Phill asked Tyrone, hoping the latter had put in a good word for him. "I did do that," Tyrone replied uncomfortably, as Phill asked: "And you really pounded it home?" He later requested a "blow by blow account" of their interaction. Shocked viewers quickly took to social media to discuss the 8pm soap's content. Twitter user @Dee_Cee95x asked: "Phil playing Innuendo bingo with Tyrone? #Corrie." (sic) @PJDavies1962 joked: "Tonight's episode of #Corrie is sponsored by p**nhub." "Tyrone and Fiz having a quicky makes me feel more sick than all of Tim and Sally's attempts at a s*** put together. #Corrie," @Willswhinge shared. Clawmaw added: "Nobody wants to hear that Tyrone and Fiz are going to have a quickie!!!" @jackieMutlow penned: "Omg yes some of the innuendo was toe curlingly hilarious. "So was the scenes with Sally and Tim in the jacuzzi tho. My husband said that’s a bit below the mark for Corrie (as in not their usual thing) but luckily kids wouldn’t pick up on it." @Bob71136804 remarked: "That should have come with one of those warnings." Fans also slammed the ongoing storyline between Sally Metcalfe (Sally Dynevor) and Tim Metcalfe (Joe Duttine), who have been struggling in the bedroom department. Coronation Street continues on Wednesday at 8pm on ITV. 