At the end of 2020, Eamonn Holmes and his wife Ruth Langsford were replaced on This Morning by Dermot O'Leary and Alison Hammond. The husband and wife duo, who used to present the Friday slot, were let go by ITV after 15 years. Since his sudden exit, Eamonn has remained vocal about the broadcaster's move, admitting their decision "hurt" him. However, in a new interview, Eamonn admitted he would return to work for ITV if there was an apology. “I’d work for ITV again. There would have to be an apology and a couple of resignations," Eamonn began. “I’m not stupid. I know that in this industry it’s not about what I want to do." "None of us have a right to be in a job," he added to the Daily Star Sunday. "It’s about what the channels want to do.” READ MORE: Coronation Street’s Phill Whittaker star speaks on Fiz twist In one of his recent columns, the host discussed his exit from the popular ITV show. “When I parted ways with ITV last year and I saw newspaper reports suggesting my departure was down to me being 'too male, pale and stale'," he said. "The remarks hurt me a little, but they also ignited a fire in my belly. “'We’ll see about that,' I thought to myself. "I have since joined GB News, a channel at the start of an exciting journey, and the move has only underlined to me that there are still so many more exciting things to do and achieve.” “Male, stale and pale? Forget it. The best is yet to come," Eamonn quipped. Shortly after he departed from This Morning, Eamonn joined GB News' breakfast programme alongside Isabel Webster. The 62-year-old, who recently won News Presenter of the Year at the TRIC Awards, said the welcome at GB News made him feel emotional. DON'T MISS...Masked Singer winner: Who is Kandi Burruss? Meet singer [CAST]Downton Abbey star says she ‘didn’t think’ about backlash to new role [INSIGHT]Eamonn Holmes opens up on biggest TV regret [NEWS] He recalled: "I walked into the newsroom, I stood up and they applauded me. "It doesn't get any better than that, it was very emotional. "It was nice to belong. It was nice to feel that you have a role to play. "You don't become any less of a broadcaster because you get older." His comments came after his winner's speech in which he addressed his abrupt exit from ITV, stating it “means a lot this year particularly". The GB News host added: “I did not resign from ITV, ITV resigned from me. "I never received a single explanation once of why they wanted rid of me, no matter what you have been told." GB News airs weekdays from 6am.