Jean was tasked with finding teacher Danuta her dream holiday retreat on a classic episode of A Place in the Sun which aired on Thursday. Danuta made it clear from the start that she did not want to go over her budget unless it was for an exceptional property in Valencia, Spain. Jean took a risk with a spacious apartment which was £15,000 over Danuta's budget, but did it pay off? Danuta was looking for a two-bedroom property in the Valencia area with a terrace within her £120,000 budget. The first property Jean showed her was on the market for £119,000 which included three bedrooms and a balcony with stunning views of the city. "It is rare to get three bedrooms for your budget and a bedroom of this size," Jean exclaimed while Danuta was exploring the property. Jean’s search got off to a promising start and Danuta was if awe of the second property which was on the outskirts of the city centre. READ MORE: Ann Widdecombe in huge row with union chief 'Back to 70s!' "I didn't expect this", the guest admitted while she was looking around the modern apartment. "You have ticked every box, but I need rollerskates to get around." Danuta had nothing negative to say about the sizeable property which she described as "amazing" - but it was over her budget at £135,000. However, the teacher was equally impressed with Jean's third property which included a communal pool and was just a 15-minute walk from the beach. It was on the market for £113,500. Danuta said her dog would adore the apartment, to which Jean quipped: "Well I've never had a dog make a decision before."  The search took a turn for the worse when Jean showed Danuta a three-bedroom apartment which was on the market for £108,000. "I'm not sure I'm feeling it," Danuta admitted. "I feel enclosed, I am not getting the vibe we got at the other places." After touring around the small home, she told Jean: "It's not for me, the first thing that got me is that it was not light enough." The final property was on the market for just over £128,000 and it was just a stone's throw from the beach. DON'T MISS...A Place in the Sun guests left speechless at 'winner' property [MUST SEE]Jean Johansson husband: Who is A Place in the Sun’s famous partner [EXPLAINER]A Place in the Sun's Jean Johansson taken aback by couple's refusal [LATEST] "You are smiling from ear to ear and that is all I want to see," Jean told Danuta as they were about to step inside the home. "I'm totally confused again because I had practically made my mind up," Danuta confessed. She eventually ruled out the wildcard property as it was too high over her budget. It left Danuta stuck between the fifth and third property Jean had picked out for her.  The following day when Jean asked Danuta if she was ready to put in an offer, she exclaimed: “Hold it right there, not quite. What I’ve learnt this week is Valencia is so vast it’s huge.” She continued: I think I need more time to explore the area, I am not quite ready to commit until I have seen more," Danuta explained. "As it is such a big decision so I am going to have to wait." A Place in the Sun airs weekdays on Channel 4 at 4pm. 