Atorvastatin is a statin that can also prevent heart disease, including heart attacks and strokes. It might also be prescribed to someone with a family history of heart disease, or a long-term health condition such as type 1 or type 2 diabetes. However, it does carry some side effects that could require immediate medical attention. According to the Mayo Clinic, “puffiness” or “swelling” of the eyelids or around the eyes is one such side effect. “Check with your doctor immediately,” it says. It could also cause puffiness in the face, lips or tongue. The Mayo Clinic explains: “Along with its needed effects, a medicine may cause some unwanted effects.  READ MORE: Judi Dench: 'I’m not going to be beaten' Star on adapting to her 'ridiculous' condition “Although not all of these side effects may occur, if they do occur they may need medical attention.” It lists other “less common” or “rare” side effects of atorvastatin as: While more common side effects include headache, hoarseness, lower back or side pain, pain or tenderness around the eyes and cheekbones, painful or difficult urination and stuffy or runny nose.  Some side effects of atorvastatin could also be a sign of more serious health conditions as a result. The NHS advises calling a doctor if: You get unexplained muscle pain, tenderness, weakness or cramps – these can be signs of muscle breakdown and kidney damage. The whites of your eyes turn yellow, or your skin turns yellow, although this may be less obvious on brown or black skin, or if you have pale poo and dark pee – these can be signs of liver problems. READ MORE: Skin cancer warning: The 'irregular' signs on your skin that can appear after sun exposure You get a skin rash with pink or red blotches, especially on the palms of your hands or soles of your feet – this could be a sign of erythema multiforme. You have severe stomach pain – this can be a sign of acute pancreatitis. You have a cough, feel short of breath, and are losing weight – this can be a sign of lung disease. It adds: “Drinking a lot of alcohol regularly increases the chance of you having side effects with atorvastatin, and liver problems.”  Atorvastatin is generally safe for people aged 10 and over. But it is not recommended if you: 