Temperatures will once again soar into the mid-30s as August gets underway, new forecasting from weather data platform WXCharts shows. But, to the relief of many Britons, the UK is unlikely to experience temperatures nearing 40C once again after record-breaking temperatures last week. Temperatures in the southeast of England will hit 32C on August 9, with a similar picture in store for the following day. But by Thursday, August 11, the scorching temperatures will make themselves felt with the mercury touching 35C. Counties such as Surrey and Berkshire will see highs of 35C, which drops just one degree in the south west. Wiltshire and Somerset will count themselves among those baking in 34C, with Devon and Cornwall a few degrees cooler, at 31C. Temperatures will remain above 30C across the Midlands, although Lincolnshire and Norfolk will likely only reach to the mid-20s. Across Wales, temperatures will hover between the high-20s and the 30C barrier, the hottest spots being around the English border. Heading further north, mid-20s becomes a more common sight, peaking around Leeds and the Yorkshire Dales at 24C. Newcastle will drop below 20C, with temperatures of 19C common in the northeast of England for the day. READ MORE: London Euston chaos: Mass cancellations as emergency services deal ... Across Scotland and Northern Ireland, the mercury will stay largely between 18C and 22C. In the shorter term, today's forecast is one for a “pleasant summer’s day” across the UK, with temperatures to hit 28C. BBC forecaster Matt Taylor described: “We will see some sunny spells to take us through the day, and a pretty warm day as well. “25C to 28C degrees expected for today. DON'T MISS: Brexit LIVE: 'Still a sore loser!' Minister skewers Remoaner [LIVE] POLL: Have you changed your water habits to get through the drought? [VOTE] Queen's Guard screams at London tourist 'We'll never return!' - VIDEO [WATCH] “Once the sun is out, it will be a pleasant summer’s day.” He added: “Around Birmingham temperatures peaking around 24C to 26C degrees through the afternoon. “Rain is to the north of the city and it will brighten up quite nicely with quite a warm day. “The rain will only affect parts of north Wales, the far north Midlands, and far southeast of Scotland. “Bit of a breeze developing across parts of Scotland and Northern Ireland later. “This evening rain in Northern Ireland, which tonight will spread across much of Scotland.” This weekend is set to be characterised by scattered showers and cloud cover, although the Met Office predicts conditions will be "very warm and humid in south and east".