According to reports, the 38-year-old sister of Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge, has named her daughter Rose. The baby was born in June, with Pippa already a proud mum to four-year-old son Arthur, as well as 15-month-old daughter, Grace. Earlier in July, it was reported Pippa had given birth "a couple of weeks ago" to a little girl. It’s believed she gave birth in the same place as her royal sister Kate, 40, at the Lindo Wing of St. Mary's Hospital in London. It follows reports that Pippa and James Matthews had purchased a multi-million pound home in Pippa’s childhood village. With their family growing, reports hold the couple are planning a move out of London and have bought a new home about 20 minutes from her parents’ home in the Berkshire village of Bucklebury. Following reports of Pippa’s baby, published by the Daily Mail, royal fans gushed about “how sweet” Rose is as a name. User @northernlass81 said: “I never really warmed to Pippa before. Suddenly, I've changed my mind.” User @agathamarple3 added: “Oh how sweet it is — in every way!” Another user, @mdias68024075, said: “Congratulations to Pippa and family. more health and happiness.” READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Queen tipped for snub after Sussex offer More users hailed Pippa’s baby name, with @kennedynyc1 calling it a “beautiful name”. User @delores19268715 added: ‘Such a beautiful and classic name. Roses are Red. “The Middleton's are a very tight Knit family, group. Well done Pippa.” DON'T MISS Brexit LIVE: Petition to rejoin EU misses £15k target after month Putin humiliated: Russian troops flee tanks after Ukraine strike Dover chaos blamed on Macron's petty Brexit grudge In 2017, when Arthur Michael William Matthews was born, it was reported the boy’s middle names were nods to the Middleton family. Michael is believed to be after Pippa’s father, as well as James’ younger brother Michael who died at just 23 while climbing Mount Everest in 1999. Inspiration for William was suggested to have come from Pippa’s brother-in-law Prince William. It comes after MailPlus reported Pippa and James are hoping to develop 77-acre Bucklebury Farm Park, where they already run a petting zoo, a cafe and cabin accommodation for about 30. Detailed plans for what is being billed as ‘Pippa’s Playground’ – seen by The Mail on Sunday – show the intention is to create a busy complex comprising glamping cabins, a farm shop and a restaurant. The project would include revamping the zoo, constructing a children’s play centre in buildings with eco-friendly wooden decking, and creating a tree plantation and a display of retro farm vehicles painted in pastel colours.