Marks and Spencer is aiming to axe best-before labels from 85 percent of its produce in a bid to reduce household food waste. The new initiative is said to be rolled out across all UK stores this week. The high street giant and food retailer plan to remove labels from 85 percent of its produce. That means more than 300 products’ packaging will be changed. This includes products like apples, potatoes and broccoli. Instead of best-before dates being displayed on product packaging, staff are said to use a code to ensure quality and freshness is maintained on shelves. READ MORE: Aldi shares urgent food recall for cheese product Best-before labels refer to a product’s quality, but they have been blamed for customers binning perfectly safe food away because they are mistaken for use-by labels which indicate safety. A Government-back report published in 2017 suggested supermarkets remove best-before labels from their produce. Instead, they encouraged customers to use their judgement. It stated: “For uncut fresh produce, apply ‘best before’ only where this is judged to be necessary/ useful in order to help consumers eat – rather than waste – the product. Best-before labels refer to a product’s quality, but they have been blamed for customers binning perfectly safe food away because they are mistaken for use-by labels which indicate safety. A Government-back report published in 2017 suggested supermarkets remove best-before labels from their produce. Instead, they encouraged customers to use their judgement. It stated: “For uncut fresh produce, apply ‘best before’ only where this is judged to be necessary/ useful in order to help consumers eat – rather than waste – the product. DON'T MISS...'Extremely effective’ way to ‘stop signs of ageing’ & ‘smooth wrinkles [EXPERT]Princess Charlene makes ‘small statement’ to ‘look less fragile’ [PICTURES]Food hack: Easy way to make your own butter for 99p [VIDEO] “For all other cases, do not apply a date code.” The report advised keeping best-before labels only for products which have a limited shelf life, eg strawberries, to encourage families to eat food before it goes off. M&S’ new initiative is said to be rolled out across UK stores next week. It is just one of many ways the brand is trying to reduce the number of its food products going to waste. READ MORE: Meals for hot weather: 5 things to eat during a heatwave Andrew Clappen, Director of food technology at Marks & Spencer commented on the label change. He said: “We’re determined to tackle food waste. “Our teams and suppliers work hard to deliver fresh, delicious, responsibly-sourced produce at great value and we need to do all we can to make sure none of it gets thrown away. “To do that, we need to be innovative and ambitious, removing best-before dates where safe to do so, trialling new ways to sell our products and galvanising our customers to get creative with leftovers and embrace change,” the Daily Mail reported. Last year, they introduced a banana waste reduction scheme across all stores in England. It enabled customers to take home a cardboard bag of extra ripe bananas at a great value, minimising the amount of M&S food that goes unsold. The cleverly designed ‘Go Bananas’ bag contains a minimum of three ready-to-eat bananas for just 25p along with two recipes for families to get baking at home. And, more than 200 M&S stores are using unsold baguettes and boules - items baked fresh daily in bakeries - to create frozen garlic bread for customers to buy the next day.