Carol Vorderman and royal editor Russell Myers agreed the youngest son of Prince William and Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge would have been "the star of the show" had he been allowed to attend Wimbledon's men's final. Prince Louis last month won over royal fans with his antics at the Platinum Jubilee celebrations, pulling faces and walking up and down the royal box when bored with the proceedings. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge opted to bring only their eldest son and heir, Prince George, to watch Novak Djokovic beat Australian Nick Kyrgios on Sunday. Ms Vorderman, who took over presenting ITV's Lorraine after Lorraine Kelly tested positive for Covid,  said: "He [Prince George] looks brilliant, his little suit." Mr Myers said: "I know. Some people are saying, 'did he have to wear the suit?' but there are rules in the royal box. "We have seen him at the football before wearing his suit – they could probably have let him wear a footie shirt. "It was a bit hot under the collar for poor Prince George. However, he did get a bit of a treat." JUST IN: Royal Family LIVE: 'Dominoes fallen' Meghan and Harry destroy 'laughably ridiculous' rule He continued: "People were asking Kate and William where were the other children. I'm sure Charlotte and Louis would've definitely liked to go." Ms Vorderman interjected laughing: "I can imagine Louis!" The Daily Mirror's Royal Editor added: "He would've definitely taken the star...been the star of the show. "But it was George's special treat, and what a treat. And he even got to hold the trophy, met Novak Djokovic." READ MORE: Prince Harry and Meghan fear Lilibet will be ‘written out of royal history', expert claims Prince George has been appearing more often at his parents' side when the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge appear on official outings. An avid football fan, George attended several Euro2020 matches in London to watch England play – including the final game against Italy. He then appeared with sister Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis at most Jubilee celebrations alongside the rest of the Royal Family in June. DON'T MISS: BBC's Andrew Castle makes major error as pundit accuses Prince George of misbehaving [VIDEO]Royal Family ranked: Kate storms ahead of William - but Charles' popularity plummets [ANALYSIS]Camilla names her secret 'refuge' and 'the one place where she can completely relax' [INSIGHT]