Firefighters are on the scene attempting to battle the blaze which has already burnt down several buildings. Fire crews were alerted to the huge fire at Wennington, in Essex, East London at around 1 pm on Tuesday. London Fire Brigade has reported fifteen vehicles at the scene, fighting the fire. "We've got 15 fire engines and around 100 firefighters dealing with this blaze on The Green in Wennington," tweeted LFB. London Fire Brigade (LFB) has declared a major incident due to "a huge surge" in blazes across the capital amid the 40C heat. It comes after around 100 firefighters tackled a blaze in the village of Wennington, east London, on Tuesday afternoon, with television footage showing black smoke billowing into the air, with buildings and fields on fire. The fire brigade said in a statement it is battling "several significant" incidents in the capital, as people have been urged not to have barbecues or bonfires due to the "unprecedented" challenges crews face. LFB's assistant commissioner for operational resilience and control, Patrick Goulbourne, said: "The brigade remains ready to respond to incidents."  FB said 15 fire engines and about 100 firefighters were called to Wennington just after 1pm. At least one home appeared to be destroyed in the fire, while smoke covered a wide area. Nearby fields were seen to be scorched. Train operator c2c Rail said the line between Ockendon and Upminster is closed until the end of the day due to the fire.  Thirty fire engines were also dealing with a grass fire in Pea Lane, Upminster. The fires being tackled in London on Tuesday afternoon: - Thirty fire engines dealing with a grass fire on Pea Lane in Upminster. - Fifteen fire engines tackling a fire on The Green in Wennington. - Twelve fire engines tackling a fire involving garden fencing and trees on Uxbridge Road in Pinner. - Ten fire engines tackling a restaurant fire on Green Lanes in Southgate. - Eight fire engines tackling a grass fire on Oaks Road in Croydon. DON'T MISSBritons blast Tories and Labour who are ‘as bad as each other’ [OPINION]Hated Brexit deal ‘could shatter UK’ [OPINION]Farage blasts those blaming conflict in Ukraine for inflation [NEWS]   - Eight fire engines tackling a grass fire on Ballards Road in Dagenham. - Eight fire engines tackling a fire on The Broadway in Wembley. - Six fire engines tackling a grass fire on Sunningfields Crescent in Hendon. - Four fire engines tackling a grass fire on Chapel View in Croydon. - Four fire engines tackling a fire on Sidcup Road in Eltham. Mayor of London Sadiq Khan tweeted: "London Fire Brigade has just declared a major incident in response to a huge surge in fires across the capital today. This is critical: London Fire Brigade is under immense pressure. Please be safe. I'm in touch with the Commissioner and will share updates when I have them." He also urged people: "Don't barbecue on grass or balconies, don't leave broken bottles or glass on the grass (it can start fires), dispose of cigarettes safely, and report a fire as soon as you see one. Don't take risks. Stay safe in the heat." 