A food recall is issued when a product is unsafe to consumer. When this happens, a supermarket, company, or brand withdraws the product from the shelves and advises customers on what to do if they have already bought the product. Tesco, Morrisons, and Asda are among the supermarkets that have recalled popular products due to health and safety fears this week. Tesco John West has recalled the John West Boneless Sardines in Sunflower Oil, and the John West Sardines in Olive Oil because they may contain microbiological contamination that could make them unsafe to eat. These products are sold in Tesco, Morrisons, and Asda branches across the country. The John West Boneless Sardines in Sunflower Oil comes in a pack 95g in size and has a best before date of December 2026. Meanwhile, the John West Sardines in Olive Oil comes in a pack 120g in size and also has a best before date of December 2026. READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Kate Middleton's relationship is 'frosty' The Food Standards Agency (FSA) published the recall on its website, explaining what will happen to the product and what their advice to customers is. The organisation said: “If you have bought either of the above products do not eat them. “Instead, return them to the store from where they were bought for a full refund.” John West added: “If you have bought John West Boneless Sardines 95g in Sunflower Oil or John West Sardines in Olive Oil 120g as detailed above, do not eat them.” Asda As well as the sardines, a popular pasta product is also being withdrawn from Asda shelves. Asda is recalling its Italian Inspired Chicken and Bacon Pasta Bake because it contains mustard which is not mentioned on the label. This means the product is a possible health risk for anyone with an allergy to mustard. The pasta bake comes in packs 400g and 800g in size and has best before dates of July 29, 2022, and July 30, 2022. The FSA noted: “Asda is recalling the above product from customers and has contacted the relevant allergy support organisations, which will tell their members about the recall. “The company has also issued a point-of-sale notice to its customers. “These notices explain to customers why the product is being recalled and tell them what to do if they have bought the product.” The organisation added: “If you have bought the above product and have an allergy to mustard, do not eat it. Instead return it to the store from where it was bought for a full refund.” Hovis The bread giant is recalling its Ormo (Hovis) Food Service Frozen Pancakes with Buttermilk due to an undeclared ingredient. The product contains eggs which have not been listed on the product’s label, which means it could cause harm to those allergic to eggs. The item comes in a box containing 12 x 4 packs and it has best before dates between February 8, 2023, to July 11, 2023. Hovis advised: “If you have bought the above product and have an allergy or intolerance to egg, do not eat it. “Instead, return it to the store from where it was bought for a full refund.”