British holidaymakers have been stuck in endless queues at EU ports and airports over post-Brexit passport checks. Long delays returned to the Port of Dover on Wednesday morning. Ferry operator P&O Ferries warned passengers of "major queues" and to expect a two-hour wait to complete checks before they can board a ship. It comes after tens of thousands of families saw their holiday plans ruined last week due to miles of gridlocked traffic around the Kent port. This was blamed on a combination of French border control not being fully staffed and a serious crash on the M20 motorway. P&O Ferries posted on Twitter: "There are currently major queues at border controls in Dover. "Please allow up to two hours to complete all checks ahead of your sailing. "If you miss your sailing, or if you complete the checks early, we will put you on the first available sailing when you check in." But comparing the smoothness of UK airports and border control checks for EU citizens arriving to Britain, to the chaos at EU borders, some have lamented the bloc should adopt the same checks' procedures as Britain's. Arriving at London Heathrow, Italian journalist Antonello Guerrera said: "Sorry if this may disappoint someone, but I have just arrived at Heathrow, terminal 5. "Super smooth. Time to get out and get through the border: literally 39 SECONDS. "I wish France and other European countries would allow e-gates for UK citizens as UK does for EU citizens." Echoing his comments, Jonathan Eyal, associate director of Rusi, said: "A very important point often ignored in the debate here. READ MORE: China sends troops and tanks to Russia for massive military exercises  "Of course, Brexit has complicated border controls, and other countries have a right to adopt their own measures. "But the UK has indicated that it is possible to reduce aggravation by allowing EU citizens to use the e-gates." Downing Street said it was important countries such as France had border controls which were proportionate. Asked whether the UK would like the French to stop stamping travellers' passports, the Prime Minister's official spokesman said: "Generally speaking we have a good relationship working with our French counterparts on these juxtaposed controls. "It is for, obviously, individual governments to decide how to carry out checks at the border. DON'T MISS:Zelensky's men kill up to 200 elite Wagner mercenaries [ANALYSIS]Human remains found in drought stricken California lake [VIDEO]'Oh my God' Truss and Sunak panic as Tory debate pulled OFF AIR [INSIGHT] "Our view is that these should be done proportionately and sensibly given the good working relationships that we have." Asked whether the UK Government believed the French approach was proportionate and sensible, the spokesman said: "It's not for me to pass judgment. "We did see significant improvements over the weekend where they deployed more staff which has significantly reduced congestion, and that is welcome, and we will continue to have discussions with our French counterparts to ensure that there is sufficient planning ahead of any increase as we move into next weekend."