Ms Frolova discussed recent reports from Moscow that show that Russia has experienced more mass loss of weapons, boats, and troops in Ukraine. The former Ukrainian defence minister claimed that Russia was losing around 200 troops each day. Ms Frolova discussed the recent attack by Ukrainian forces on Snake Island which saw Ukrainian forces reclaim their land after pushing Russian militants off the island located in the Black Sea.  Ms Frolova told Times Radio: "Well this is obvious, and they can say whatever they wish but the losses which they bear on the ethnic borderlands are trying to control. "It's like quite huge a big warship, like a central one for the Black Sea, five or six small boats are few are I don't want to sit at all of the mass. "200 I believe of plus people, so there are like huge losses and they cannot overtake it because our forces, armed forces also with assistance of the long-range missiles which were supplied. "They actually constantly were attacking the island, and give no floor for Russia to have some kind of situation there." JUST IN: UK signs 'landmark' deal with New Zealand in huge step to becoming 'science superpower'     Ukraine's army has been pushing back on Russian advancement. NATO-aligned countries have been gifting Ukraine with top-of-the-range weapons to help them fight Russia. Earlier this week Ukraine celebrated defeating Russian militants on Snake Island. Ukraine's army managed to obliterate Russian forces and reclaim their island. READ MORE: Tony Blair admits Brexit will not be overturned for a generation 'Not any time soon'    Andriy Yermak, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky's chief of staff, tweeted: “KABOOM! No Russian troops on the Snake Island anymore. Our Armed Forces did a great job.  Ukrainian forces have been continuing to inflict mass losses on the Russian army, as reports from Kyiv show Russia has experienced more losses in the ongoing invasion this week. These losses include military weapons and Russian troops. And the latest official Kyiv report states that up to 35,000 Russian troops have been lost. An estimated 1,500 Russian tanks have been destroyed by Ukrainian forces and 217 planes have been lost and the numbers are continuing to grow. An intelligence source said: “Both Russia and Ukraine are sustaining a lot of casualties and war stocks of ammunition are running at very low rates. “Russia has also lost a large number of tanks and armoured vehicles and these are complex pieces of equipment which cannot be easily replaced.”  READ NEXT