Drivers have been warned they could face fines of up to £5,000 this summer if their car is not properly ventilated in the warmer weather. And now, several Express.co.uk readers have taken to the comments section to express their fury over the “nonsense” rule. Googleskimmer said: “AirCon doesn't actually ventilate anything - it conditions the air that would pass into the car if the aircon was not there. “Doubt anyone would ever be taken to court for not running the aircon under this ‘ventilation’ law as somewhere in the chain there must be someone who understands this - but some will pay the fine as they don't.” Galeb wrote: “Yet more legislation heaped upon motorists who are now classed as public enemy number one. “My question is, how will all these stupid rules be policed? READ MORE: Motorists warned of massive £5,000 fines for wearing certain clothes “We would have to double the number of policemen who are already under pressure.” Another reader added: “How about opening the window instead of turning the air conditioning on. “Saves the planet at the same time.” Markymash commented: “I open the windows all the time, cheapest air con there is!!” DON'T MISS Drivers urged to follow a little-known speed bump rule to save on fuel [INSIGHT] Driver receives parking fines despite broken car park machines [SHOCKING] Driver ordered to pay £1,100 and given points for overtaking cyclist [REVEAL] A fifth reader said: “A rule thought up by an ignoramus idiot?” Several other readers simply pointed out that the enforced rule is "nonsense". When it comes to driving in the summer, the Highway Code has a series of guidelines - under Rule 237 - in place to ensure the safety of motorists. Failure to adhere to the guidelines could see drivers slammed with a £5,000 fine, as they “fail to have proper control” of their vehicle, according to motoring experts. READ MORE: Drivers warned of 'dangerous' melting roads as gritters sent out As a result of this, motorists are urged to keep their vehicles “well ventilated” as the temperatures begin to rise. This is advised to ensure that drivers avoid becoming drowsy and potentially losing concentration when at the wheel. In the warmer weather, drivers are also being warned to be aware of the road surface potentially becoming soft. The same applies in the event of rain after a dry spell of weather as the road could become slippery. These conditions heavily affect the steering and braking. The Highway Code also urges drivers to be careful when driving in case they are dazzled by sunlight. Road users are recommended to slow down, and if necessary, stop driving. Although the Highway Code alone is not the law, many of its instructions have legal muscle behind them. Road users who ignore the guidelines could be punished with traffic offences so it is important that you are aware of them. The Government states: “Many of the rules in the Code are legal requirements, and if you disobey these rules you are committing a criminal offence. “You may be fined, given penalty points on your licence or be disqualified from driving. In the most serious cases you may be sent to prison.”