Manchester United star Marcus Rashford is ‘pained’ he’s failed to strike up a good rapport with Cristiano Ronaldo on the pitch at Old Trafford, reports say. The England international netted just five goals across all competitions last term. However, hopes are high he can regain his mojo under Erik ten Hag this upcoming season. Manchester United signed Ronaldo last August, hijacking Manchester City’s move for the veteran to send excitement coursing around Old Trafford. The Portugal international then netted 24 goals across all competitions last term but, as he delivered the goods, his team-mates often struggled to take centre stage. And The Athletic say Rashford is devastated he and his childhood hero haven’t developed a ‘more effective relationship on the pitch’. The England star was injured a year ago and, during his time off, looked at video footage to study how Ronaldo plays. Yet things haven’t worked out, with Rashford and his experienced team-mate failing to gel. It’s also noted Ronaldo can be a ‘challenging team-mate’ at times, with Jadon Sancho also struggling following his summer move from Borussia Dortmund. Man Utd transfers: The mouthwatering XI to tackle Brighton with 5 new signings United paid £73million for the forward, with Ole Gunnar Solskjaer believing he could become a hero at the club. But Sancho had an underwhelming first year back in England, scoring just three goals and clocking up three assists in the Premier League as well. Ronaldo, meanwhile, is facing an uncertain future at the club. It emerged last weekend that the Portugal international was eager to leave, believing standards at the club have slipped drastically from when he previously played under Sir Alex Ferguson. Chelsea appear to be frontrunners in the race to land Ronaldo, though United would be reluctant to sell to a Premier League rival. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong They’d want their money back, too, having paid an overall fee of around £17million upon re-signing the veteran last year. Ronaldo was previously expected to be on United’s pre-season tour of Thailand and Australia. But he may now miss the entire trip, with the veteran missing due to ‘family reasons’ and not his desire to jump ship. If Ronaldo ends up staying, Ten Hag will be hopeful he can strike up a better relationship with Sancho and Rashford. Yet whether that happens is something only time will tell, with the chances of a departure growing in likelihood. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team Meanwhile, Steve McManaman recently opened up on Ronaldo’s future and insisted he’d ‘spoil his legacy’ at United if he over to Chelsea. “I’d be amazed if he went to Chelsea. Amazed,” said the former Liverpool and Real Madrid star. “I can’t see him going to another English team. I just cannot see it happening. “It’ll spoil his legacy after everything he has done at Manchester United. “PSG don’t need Ronaldo. It just muddies the water. “It might be a newspaper writer’s dream to have Messi and Ronaldo in the same team three months before the Qatar World Cup but, come on, it just seems nonsensical.” Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. And he added: “It’s a very strange one. He only joined a year ago, and that’s just madness in itself. “And really he shouldn’t want to leave Manchester United just because they had a poor year. “You should want to stay and fight your cause. But I could understand that it might be beneficial to both parties. “Erik ten Hag’s come in and all he’s been asked about is Ronaldo. “It might be better for Ten Hag to make a clean start without him, because he does warrant a lot of press, questions and talking points all season. “If Ten Hag wants to get rid and thinks it’s great and all the numbers add up, then there’s not a problem.”