Former royal correspondent Gordon Rayner has previously revealed that the Prince likes to stick to lunch which he regards as a "luxury". Mr Rayner explained that the busy heir to the throne has a "late breakfast" and "works through" his full schedule, meaning that he often ended up "going hungry" on royal tours.  He told The Daily Telegraph: "Lunch is seen as a luxury that gets in the way of his work, so he eats a late breakfast and works through. "I found this out the hard way, by going hungry when I started covering royal tours and watching enviously as his long-suffering staff produced snacks from pockets so they could eat on the go." Other members of the Royal Family have their own unusual food habits. The royals don't eat garlic, with the Queen apparently disliking the taste.  This was confirmed by the Duchess of Cornwall on MasterChef Australia who said it was a "no-no". She added: "You always have to lay off the garlic." Her Majesty isn't a big fan of carbs and it is believed that she never eats starches while dining alone. This means that pasta, potatoes and rice aren't dishes she has. READ MORE: Oprah’s advice to Harry and Meghan amid row  The monarch also eats bananas with a knife and fork. She slices the top and bottom off with a knife before chopping the fruit into small pieces. The Duchess of Cambridge is very healthy when it comes to snacks, a habit that started in her childhood. This was something she revealed to a four year old patient when visiting Great Ormond Street in 2018. DON'T MISS: Meghan Markle slammed as ‘nightmare’ in awkward Wimbledon appearance [REVEAL] Kate was 'advised not to attend' Wimbledon despite begging to go [INSIGHT] Royal Family: Meghan and Harry row over announcement [SPOTLIGHT]  She said: "I used to eat lots and lots of olives when I was little as well." It appears that Princess Charlotte is following in her mother's footsteps as the Duchess has previously revealed that her daughter likes snacking on olives. Prince William is a big fan of the Indian dish chicken masala, the Duke has previously revealed. He said: "Chicken masala, love that, a bit of flavour - I'm not a vindaloo man put it that way." Former royal chef Darren McGrady revealed that he made a chicken tikka masala pizza for the future monarch. He said: "I [made] pizza all the time for William. "In my second cookbook, The Royal Chef at Home, there’s a chicken tikka masala pizza [recipe] because he loves Indian food. "The pizza combined the two." 