16 LIV Golf defectors are set to ramp up their attack on the DP World Tour and CEO Keith Pelley this week, after the group of rebels threatened legal action against the circuit. After the likes of Lee Westwood, Ian Poulter, Sergio Garcia and Dustin Johnson chose to make the Saudi switch, DP World Tour boss Pelley revealed a set of sanctions against them. As a result, it was announced that the defectors were fined £100,000 and banned from competing in the upcoming Scottish Open, following in the footsteps of their American counterparts at the PGA Tour, who have issued suspensions to the rebel group. After receiving their punishments, Poulter and co were said to be pursuing legal avenues to overturn the decision. Pelley, however, remained firm to the tour’s decision, releasing a statement to the legal-threatening rebels last Friday. He said: “It would not be appropriate for me to comment on any potential legal matters. I will simply reiterate that our Members’ Regulations, which have been in force for more than 30 years, have been accepted by all the players, are there to protect all of our members, and we will use them to take all necessary steps to protect their interests. “The sanctions for those members who knowingly broke our rules by playing at the Centurion Club without a release are proportionate, fair and, I believe, considered necessary by the majority of our members.” The two sides of the golfing civil war are set to meet this week at the JP McManus Pro-Am in Ireland. JUST IN: Tiger Woods arrives at Adare Manor in style with private helicopter ahead of the Open The Pro-Am field consists of the likes of Rory McIlroy, Justin Thomas and Tiger Woods, who have spoken out against LIV Golf, whilst those on the other side of the argument including Poulter, Westwood, Johnson and co will also be out competing. To add fuel to the fire PGA and DP World Tour bosses Jay Monahan and Pelley will be competing at the Pro-Am in what is expected to be yet another turbulent week. The ‘sour 16’ as they have been nicknamed are set to be continuing their legal dispute against golf’s big chiefs this week, with the rebels looking to call a meeting with all playing members to discuss how the Wentworth-based circuit’s alliance with the PGA Tour is proving detrimental for the sport in Europe. DON'T MISSJustin Thomas prepares for the British Open by drinking Guinness mid-round in IrelandPhil Mickelson and LIV golf defectors called out by Tiger Woods' protegee Justin ThomasPhil Mickelson hit with Tiger Woods taunt as LIV defector's struggles continue The defectors also claim that players on the DP World Tour should have been informed of a mega-money offer made by LIV Golf a year ago to the circuit which was estimated to have been worth around £600 million. Pelley however has always denied that a written offer was received by the Saudi setup. Over the weekend Paul Casey became the latest notable star to make the Saudi switch, meaning eight of the 24 players who competed in the 2021 Ryder Cup at Whistling Straits are now signed up. Whether these eight get the chance to compete again in Rome in 2023 remains to be seen, with rumours suggesting that LIV Golf rebels will also be banned from the famous team event next year. 