Ulrika Jonsson has announced that she's "proud" of her breasts, comparing them to "tablets on an ironing board". It comes as Ulrika, 54, defended Florence Pugh after vile trolls attempted to body shame her for wearing a stunning Valentino gown last week, which showcased her nipples through the fabric. Getting straight to the point, Ulrika wrote: "I need to make a declaration: I am the supremely proud owner of two tiny, tiny breasts. "They are somewhere between a couple of paracetamols on an ironing board and two cute cinnamon buns," she added. The star stood up for Marvel actress Florence Pugh after the 26-year-old actor was body shamed by disgusting trolls for wearing a translucent gown that showed her nipples. Florence wore the sheer tulle dress for Valentino’s haute couture show in Rome last Friday. READ MORE: Alison Hammond breaks silence on Dermot O'Leary ‘b***h’ comment When Florence shared the pictures of herself in the stunning dress to Instagram, she alluded to the social media platform’s ban on showing female nipples in her caption. However, she was soon forced to share a lengthy Instagram post the following Sunday after she was subjected to “vulgar” backlash and misogyny from those that took issue with the fuchsia garment’s sheer bodice. Speaking out against the criticism directed towards her body, she told her Instagram followers that it had been “interesting” to watch “just how easy it is for men to totally destroy a woman’s body, publicly, proudly, for everyone to see”. Ulrika, who is a proud feminist, voiced her support for Florence in her latest column, requesting a “round of applause” for the actress. “Men, appalled by her audacity, and supposedly shocked to see a pair of fine breasts, immediately went on the attack on social media, calling her ‘flat-chested’ and mocking her ‘tiny t*ts’,” Ulrika penned. "Strange, really, when you think these men presumably have two of their own adorning their cowardly, pathetic chests," she added. The Swedish TV star went on to defiantly add "#F******FreeTheF******Nipple," in her column for The Sun. It comes as Ulrika previously revealed she underwent a breast reduction at 41. DON'T MISS... Martin Lewis responds to claims he's 'scaring old people' with warning [INSIGHT]Fern Britton's advice after split from Phil Vickery 'Get independent' [ANALYSIS]Jane Seymour, 71, shows off endless toned legs in navy swimsuit [UPDATE] The star explained that after developing breasts at a late age, she felt "vulnerable" and "exposed" of her 36L chest. Ulrika made the confession to Lorraine Kelly on her ITV show. Speaking about the procedure, the mother-of-four branded it “one of the best decisions she ever made”. As well as Ulrika defending the star, Bridgerton actor Rege-Jean Pagel took to Instagram to urge men to assess their response towards Florence's picture. Reposting Florence's response, Rege wrote: "Take a look at yourself fellas. "Then take a look at your mates and step up when it's time to step up. "When the boys are out of line, have a word." "The weird thing about misogyny is men actually listen to other men, so do your bit, cos the next few years in particular are gonna be a really good time to listen, and take some responsibility, for everyone's sake", he added.