Veteran backbench MP Peter Bone hit out at Mr Sunak, who has just been installed as the bookmakers' favourite to replace Boris Johnson, saying he was "pleased" that he has been replaced. This came after Mr Sunak resigned as Chancellor of the Exchequer yesterday evening. UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson replaced Mr Sunak with former Education Secretary Nadhim Zahawi. Speaking to Express.co.uk about the move, Mr Bone said: "I have been critical of the former Chancellor's policies of raising taxes and then giving bits and pieces back to council taxpayers and different groups. "I thought that was more like a socialist Chancellor. "So I'm pleased we have a new Chancellor." Mr Bone also called for Mr Johnson to remain in post, saying: "I've always thought that it's about policy and not personality." Mr Sunak has put in place a number of tax rises during his time as chancellor, such as increases to National Insurance contributions, income tax and corporation tax, triggering anger from backbench MPs. Addressing a group of around 80 Tory MPs yesterday, just moments after Mr Sunak's resignation was announced, the Prime Minister suggested that tax cuts would be easier to deliver without the former Chancellor in the Treasury. This comes amid mounting speculation that Mr Sunak's resignation may be part of an attempt to position himself as Mr Johnson's replacement. Odds on the former Chancellor's chances of replacing the Prime Minister dropped from 20/1 to 3/1 within hours of his decision to quit the Government. READ MORE: Seriously?! Tory turmoil as own MP savages new Education Secretary Meanwhile, a senior minister told Express.co.uk that Mr Sunak has been manoeuvring for "some time" to launch a leadership bid. They said: "People keep saying Rishi won’t run but I know he will. "He has been preparing for some time now." In his resignation letter, Mr Sunak told Prime Minister Boris Johnson that "the public rightly expect government to be conducted properly, competently and seriously". DON'T MISS: Nicola Sturgeon facing 'political suicide' over 'illegal' referendum [ANALYSIS] Fightback begins to save Boris Johnson's leadership [INSIGHT] Boris Johnson LIVE: 'F*** that' Defiant PM refuses to bend in revolt [LIVE] He added: "I believe these standards are worth fighting for and that is why I am resigning." The former Chancellor warned the Prime Minister that the UK "cannot continue like this". His resignation came just minutes after the resignation of Health Secretary Sajid Javid, who announced he would be stepping down at around 6pm yesterday. Announcing his decision, Mr Javid said he could "no longer, in good conscience, continue serving in this government". He said Mr Johnson's tone and values reflect "on your colleagues, your party and ultimately the country". Mr Javid added: "It is clear to me that this situation will not change under your leadership - and you have therefore lost my confidence too." Several junior ministers, along with solicitor general Alex Chalk, have also quit their posts in the last 24 hours. Mr Javid was replaced by Steve Barclay. Their resignations came amid allegations surrounding deputy chief whip Chris Pincher, with Downing Street confirming that it knew about 2019 allegations of sexual misconduct levelled against the MP. Mr Johnson had previously denied knowing about the allegations. But speaking yesterday about the decision to hire Mr Pincher, the Prime Minister said: "Yes, I think it was a mistake and I apologise for it. In hindsight, it was the wrong thing to do."