Gentleman Jack airs on the BBC and fans in the US have been catching up on HBO. The steamy TV drama follows the relationship between Anne Lister (played by Suranne Jones) and Ann Walker (Sophie Rundle). Sadly the series will not be returning for a third season and Express.co.uk has all you need to know. Gentleman Jack first started airing in April 2019 and the series was set in 1832 in West Yorkshire. Amid the evolving Industrial Revolution, landowner Anne Lister was determined to give her ancestral home, Shibden Hall, a new lease of life. Along the way, she formed a romantic relationship with Ann Walker and they eventually got married. Unfortunately, their life together as wives will not be explored any further as the series has been cancelled after two seasons. The news comes just over a month after the series wrapped its season two run on HBO. READ MORE: Deborah James crashed husband’s work call with sex toy and sieve The second series had been airing on HBO on Monday nights and had been delayed by the coronavirus pandemic. HBO said in a statement to Deadline: “When we began this journey more than five years ago, we knew the series’ creator Sally Wainwright had a uniquely compelling vision. "It’s been tremendously gratifying to see how Anne Lister’s journey has resonated with viewers. "We are incredibly grateful to Sally, to the impeccable Suranne Jones and Sophie Rundle, and to the entire cast and crew for bringing Anne and Ann’s story to life. "We’d also like to thank our partners at BBC and Lookout Point for their collaboration on two remarkable seasons.” According to Deadline, the series had been airing alongside HBO’s lower-rated original series. With this in mind, it seems the show was not getting the level of viewership HBO needed. At the time of writing, Sally Wainwright has not issued a statement about the series ending. According to tvseriesfinale.com, season one of Gentleman Jack on HBO averaged a 0.09 rating in the 18-49 demographic. As for season two, this dropped to 0.01 in the same demographic. DON'T MISS... Kate Garraway’s trousers ‘split wide open’ as GMB host panics [VIDEO] Yellowstone season 5: Behind the scenes clip of set sparks fan frenzy [DISCUSSION] Gentleman Jack's Suranne Jones talks 'tiring' Anne Lister role [INSIGHT] In April 2022 Broadcast Now reported season two viewership was two million down on overnight viewers from its debut three years previously. Anne Lister actress Suranne Jones took to Instagram to pay tribute to her co-stars after the cancellation. She said: "I just wanted to take a moment to reflect on our beautiful journey making this show. "While it is sad news Gentleman Jack will not be renewed, this show has brought so many together, enabled people to share their stories, brought joy, emotion and creativity and gave me a real connection to you as its audience. "Anne Lister now has a statue in the Piece Hall. "There is a Blue plaque in Holy Trinity churchyard celebrating Anne and Ann’s union in 1834. "There is a college named after Anne Lister on the east campus at the University of York. "Shibden now has more visitors than ever before and you will find Anne Lister walks, tours and trails galore when visiting Halifax and its surrounding areas. "I have never been involved in a show that has made such a huge impact and touched my heart like this one has. "It wasn’t always the easiest job I’ve had… but it was always worth it to see the response it got." She thanked fans for their support and paid tribute to Sally Wainwright, the cast and crew. She added: "I love you @sophiesophierundle you are a true friend and a total star. Love Suranne."  Gentleman Jack airs on HBO and is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.