Queen Elizabeth and Prince Philip were married for 73 years before the Duke of Edinburgh passed away. While the monarch was given a beautiful engagement ring, her wedding band reportedly has a personal inscription from her husband. The Queen and Prince Philip exchanged vows in front of the world back in November 1947. As a symbol of their marriage, they gave each other a wedding band. Ingrid Seward, author of Prince Philip: A Portrait of the Duke of Edinburgh, spoke about the Queen’s wedding band in particular. She said: “At least Philip didn't have the expense of a wedding ring, as the people of Wales supplied a nugget of Welsh gold from which the ring as made.” READ MORE: Meghan Markle’s new ring has hidden political message The royal expert went on to explain: “She never takes it [her wedding band] off and inside the ring is an inscription. “No one knows what it says, other than the engraver, the Queen and her husband." The Queen wears her wedding band behind her engagement ring. Her engagement ring was designed by the Duke, using diamonds that were handed down from his mother. DON'T MISS...Food hack: Easy way to make your own butter for 99p [VIDEO]Menopause weight loss: Best snack to 'improve metabolism' [EXPERT]Keep cucumbers fresh and crunchy for weeks with food storage hack [GUIDE] Apparently, Princess Alice received a tiara as a wedding gift from her aunt Tsarina Alexandra of Russia and Tsar Nicholas II. The Romanov jewels were originally in the headpiece, but a few diamonds were taken to form part of the Queen’s engagement ring. Her Majesty’s engagement ring features a brilliant-cut stone which has been estimated at three carats. It is flanked by smaller pavé diamonds. READ MORE: Sussexes facing 'lot of pressure' as they 'only have eachother' The ring is priceless to the Queen, and its royal owner will only add to its value. But the piece of jewellery is said to be worth in the region of £150,000, according to The Diamond Store. As for what happened to the remaining diamonds from the tiara, Prince Albert had them made into a bracelet as a wedding gift. For her wedding, the Queen wore an elegant white satin dress created by Sir Norman Hartnell. It had a 15-foot train as well as a fitted bodice and a floor-length panelled skirt. It was decorated with crystals and 10,000 seed pearls, all imported from America.