  Fern Britton, 65, has opened up about how she used to leave work “sobbing and crying” due to her own personal struggles. The former This Morning presenter has opened up about the difficulties of IVF following the break-up of her marriage to Phil Vickery back in 2020.   Fern has three children from her first marriage to TV executive Clive Jones: twin boys Jack and Harry and a daughter named Grace. She also has another daughter, Winnie with her second husband Phil, whom she split from in 2020 after 20 years of marriage. The popular presenter has been open about how she conceived her twins after four rounds of IVF. Recalling what a difficult time that was, Fern spoke about how “alone” she felt.      “Nowadays, everyone is better educated about fertility, but I remember feeling very alone when I was going through IVF,” she said. “There were few people I could talk to about it because it wasn’t really spoken about back then. “I found it really difficult and very lonely – the crushing disappointment when it doesn’t work is unbelievable. I used to ‘put on my face’ for work; I called it my ‘Fern Britton pill’. “You can’t work while you’re sobbing and crying, so I used to pick myself up, get on with my job and then drive home with tears running down my face,” she told Prima UK.     Fern presented ITV’s This Morning from 1999 until 2009. Before that, she co-presented Breakfast Time in the 1980s, rising to fame when hosting cookery game show Ready Steady Cook between 1994 and 2000 on BBC One. She met TV chef Phil on the set of Ready Steady Cook and the pair tied the knot in 2000. However, in January 2020, Fern announced the pair’s split on Twitter.      The news came shortly after the death of her father, actor Tony Britton in December 2019. Fern has spent the last few decades in the public eye, publishing a number of bestselling novels and participating in 2012’s series of Strictly Come Dancing opposite dancer Artem Chigvintsev. Fern is currently promoting her book The Good Servant, which she hopes will "revive the reputation” of Marion Crawford. Marion, whom the book centres around, was the governess to a young Princess Margaret and Princess Elizabeth.      The once beloved, motherly figure was later shunned by the Royal Family after releasing a book about her time with them. Marion was socially ostracised following the publication of her book The Little Princesses, and neither the Queen nor any other member of the Royal Family ever spoke to her again. Neither the Queen, the Queen Mother nor Princess Margaret also sent a wreath to her funeral when she died in 1988 at the age of 78. The August issue of Prima is on sale from 14th July, on sale now. It is available in all supermarkets and online at MagsDirect. The Good Servant, published by HarperCollins, is out now and  available for £14.99 from Waterstones, Amazon and other retailers.   