With Britain experiencing temperatures as high as 40 degrees, drivers drivers must keep themselves hydrated. However, the same rule also applies to vehicles, many of which could potentially struggle in the unbearable heat. Motoring experts have therefore warned that the number of breakdowns across the UK could increase as mercury rises. Motorists have also been reminded of the need to keep their cars as cool as possible to avoid chaos on roads. Experts at Scrap Car said: "It may sound silly, but when the temperatures rise it’s important to ensure that everyone in the car (including the vehicle itself) has plenty of fluids. “While water works best for keeping human passengers hydrated, your vehicle will require a number of different engine fluids to keep it running smoothly in extreme heat - from brake and transmission fluid to motor oil, engine coolant, and screen wash." READ MORE: Drivers urged to use little-known air con trick Dan Gick, Managing Director from Scrap Car Comparison, added: "Heatwaves and extended periods of hot sunny weather can be somewhat of a rarity in the UK, but we still need to be adequately prepared for when those glorious few months of sunshine roll around. “Extreme temperatures and heat can affect both the driver and vehicle and pose significant risks and challenges. “Failing to take care of yourself or your vehicle on the roads in the hot weather could lead you to crash, break down, or end up with your beloved car on the scrap heap, which is why we've compiled our list of summer driving safety tips to help drivers keep their cool and stay safe on the roads in the sun." The tips are outlined below. DON'T MISS Urgent heatwave warning issued to electric car owners [WARNING] Drivers warned of exploding tyres during heatwave [INSIGHT] How to get the most out of air con during heatwave [REVEAL] Dress for the weather: It’s important to dress for the weather – whatever the weather – so that you can drive comfortably and safely. When the temperatures are rising, be sure to wear light clothing that will keep you cool (think: shorts, t-shirts, or vests). Though it’s not illegal to drive barefoot or wear inappropriate footwear such as flip-flops, your footwear choices could result in a careless driving charge. READ MORE: Driver receives parking fines despite broken car park machines To ensure you have a full grip on the pedals in your car, be sure to pack a pair of ‘driving shoes’ as well as your summer sandals of choice. Maintain your vehicle's air conditioning system: Your car’s air conditioning system can be a real life-saver during a heatwave, but it’s important to carry out regular checks to ensure everything is working efficiently when the temperatures outside start to rise. It’s advisable to get your air conditioning system serviced ahead of the summer months, as it may be clogged and faulty after months of infrequent use over the winter. Don't let yourself get sleepy in the sun: If you’re driving somewhere after a day of sitting in the sun, you may be feeling more sleepy than usual. Take regular breaks, drink coffee, and nap if you need to, to prevent driving tired.