The hormonal changes of menopause sees many women gain more weight around the abdomen rather than hips and thighs. But, hormonal changes alone don’t necessarily cause menopause weight gain. Instead, the weight gain is usually related to ageing, as well as lifestyle and genetic factors. With some small changes, weight loss can be achieved. Express.co.uk spoke to Claire Jones, founder of YourOneLife Healthy Weight Solutions and she explained how changing the times you eat can impact your body shape. Claire discussed intermittent fasting, and whether meals times can impact weight - either allowing you to eat more or restricting you to lose weight. “Yes meal times can impact but again it’s a very individual thing,” she said. “Intermittent fasting is a very simple way of reducing the amount of calories we consume in a day, without changing too much else, and can be very effective. “But only if we don’t end up eating more during the eating window.” READ MORE: Letitia Dean weight loss: Soap star drops 4 dress sizes with new diet Intermittent fasting involves various meal time schedules that switch between voluntary fasting and non-fasting over a given period. There are several methods of intermittent fasting. The 16:8 method involves skipping breakfast and restricting the daily eating period to eight hours, such as 12pm-8pm. The expert suggested eating dinner before then is the best time. Then you fast for 16 hours in between. DON'T MISS...Keep herbs fresh for a month with clever storage hack [VIDEO]Supermarket price war: Sainsbury’s vow to match Aldi prices [NEWS]Correct way to fold a t-shirt in 2 seconds - ‘blown away!’ [HACK] The 5:2 diet is when you consume only 500-800 calories on two nonconsecutive days of the week, and eat normally the other five days. Research has shown intermittent fasting is an effective way to manage weight. Claire added: “It’s important not to get over-hungry as this is more likely to result in eating too fast, and so overeating, which will also impact on digestion and absorption of nutrients. “Knowing your own limit and when fasting needs to end is important, as is when not to do it, such as missing breakfast before strenuous exercise. READ MORE: One British habit Kate Middleton likely avoids for a slim figure “It doesn’t suit everyone,” she added. “I encourage people to read up on it and get advice about whether it’s a suitable approach for you. “Eating late at night is not ideal as it will interfere with sleep, which will interfere with our mood and choices the next day - when we are tired and grumpy we reach for the comfort foods.” Claire also shared some tips when eating. “My book has practical tips  I’ve been using myself to manage my weight well for more than a decade now,” she explained. “It contains suggestions like making sure we are hungry when we eat, tricks we can employ to reduce the volume like eating more slowly, using a smaller plate, smaller cutlery, being aware of where calories can hide, that sort of thing. “It’s not just what and how much we eat, but how we eat, that matters. “This means we don’t need to overhaul everything all at once, but can make gradual changes that are not stressful, and that we can easily accommodate. “[In turn] we are more likely to see it through and get the results that we want.”