The GB News presenters discussed a worrying health trend on Tuesday's edition of their breakfast show, but Eamonn Holmes couldn’t help getting sidetracked with his thoughts on interior design. Co-host Isabel Webster couldn’t help but laugh as Eamonn launched into a fiery tirade about taps. Eamonn and Isabel spoke to Dr Frankie Jackson-Spence on the latest warning for asthma sufferers overusing their inhalers. However, the discussion on the different colours of inhaler prompted Eamonn to launch into a rant on unclear labelling. “Brown and blue, what the heck does that mean?” he asked. Isabel laughed at the comment but was exasperated when Eamonn swiftly transitioned onto the subject of bathroom taps. READ MORE: ‘I cheated!’ Blue Bloods’ Tom Selleck speaks out on avoiding injury He continued: “I’m a big believer in doing what it says on the packets. “Keep it simple. And now there’s this business about showers and baths. We’ve got to guess.” Eamonn claimed shower taps have moved away from clear hot and cold labels due to recent trends overseas. “Why did they take away hot and cold, blue and red?” he asked his co-host. Isabel shrugged and offered: “Because we can feel it?” Eamonn sneered and retorted: “No, because it’s all a trendy, continental, snobby stylish thing.” “Oh, here we go!” Isabel exclaimed as she rolled her eyes at the camera. She then performed air quotes with her fingers and muttered: “‘Continental’.” DON'T MISS:NCIS’ Michael Weatherly sent tributes as he celebrates with cast [VIDEO]The Boys boss hits back at season 3 backlash [COMMENT]Yellowstone’s Cole Hauser praises wife for behind-the-scenes support [INSIGHT] “Do you actually know? Because I don’t,” Eamonn continued his rant. “Do you actually know, if you went blind into the shower, if right is hot? You would definitely put money…” Isabel had to concede: “Actually, in my shower left is hot. All the way left.” Having won the argument, Eamonn looked pointedly at Isabel, saying: “See? Who knows?” Before Eamonn's rant, Dr Frankie explained blue inhalers should be used for quick relief, while brown inhalers are used over time as a preventative measure. Her warning will be useful to roughly one million people in the UK who are reportedly using their inhalers wrong. According to Asthma and Lung UK, around one in five people are using their reliever instead of the preventer, which increases their risk of serious illness. Breakfast with Eamonn and Isabel airs Monday-Thursday from 6am on GB News.