Headlined “Portrait of bravery”, and full of graceful and intimate, yet sad and defiant images, it illustrates the battle Ukraine fights every day and night – men, women and children putting everything on the line. And it shows that Ukraine is fighting to win, not to beg for a messy compromise, whatever Putin’s useful idiots in the West might like. But that hasn’t stopped a wave of ignorant outrage among those with a platform but no sense. Oh, it’s insensitive to Ukraine’s suffering, they declare. How can you do a photo shoot when people are dying, they cry. It trivialises war, they opine.Claptrap. These armchair critics have no idea of how Russia fights modern warfare and how it stops at nothing in its grotesque attempt to smash Ukraine and recreate the Soviet Union.The military battlefield is just one of the pillars of Russia’s ruthless "hybrid war". Yes, of course, Russia bombs, maims and kills innocent civilians, from infants to the elderly. Yes, of course, its troops rape women in front of their children, and execute men in front of their wives. But it also lies on a massive scale through Foreign Minister Sergey ‘the liar’ Lavrov and ambassadors everywhere. It spends billions on organisations like Russia Today and on thousands of vile keyboard jockeys who drip poison across the internet. The purpose is to confuse and divide us. And it follows up with sham elections, cyber-attacks and assassinations.It is through all these “hybrid” means that Russia strikes at the rules-based order from which we in the West have benefitted so much since 1945, and to which we are so accustomed that we can hardly contemplate how seriously peace is threatened by that cold-blooded Kremlin killer. This information war is every bit as crucial as bullets and missiles. For Putin knows that Ukraine will win if, and only if, the West continues to support it. Russia will win if, and only if, we look away, like we did, inexcusably, after the invasion of Donbas and the illegal annexation of Crimea in 2014.There is now a danger that we will abandon Ukraine for the second time in 10 years. Because we’re bored. Already, Ukraine is fading from our focus. In the first few days of the invasion, it dominated every news bulletin. Night after night, the BBC news came live from Kyiv, from a rooftop overlooking the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, with presenters in flak jackets. But now? So, Ukraine has to keep the war in our minds. It has to find ways to reach new audiences, just when fatigue is setting in. And that’s why this Vogue interview is so perfectly pitched. It is yet another example of Ukraine’s world-class communication, using different channels with different themes for different audiences. It’s what any effective communication campaign must do. And in a fight for a nation’s survival, there can be no let-up. In fact, Ukraine’s communication, right from the start, has been spectacular. From President Zelenskyy’s defiant speeches to the nation, and the canny use of social media, through to the diplomatic success in ensuring crippling sanctions and global condemnation of Russia’s actions, Ukraine has matched Russia in the airwaves as on the battlefield. And all the while it has relied on nothing but the pure, simple truth – shocking and vile though that truth is. While we in the West panic about rising fuel bills, Ukraine and its people fight for their very survival.So, the critics should zip it. Just shut up with your petty carping and your comfortable sensibilities. The President and First Lady personify the determination of a nation, when they could so easily have jumped ship and scarpered to safety. They stayed and fought. How many of us would do the same?We should congratulate them for yet another canny, well-timed intervention. And we should be grateful that that’s all we need to do. We don’t need to fight. We don’t need to put our bodies on the line. The Ukrainians are doing that for us. All they ask is that we give them our backing, because if Ukraine loses, the West loses. It shouldn’t be beyond us.