As temperatures soar again this weekend, Britons may be using this as an opportunity to get overdue tasks done. One DIY task many Britons think can be done quicker in warmer weather is painting. In fact, when the heatwave hit its peak last week, searches for “paint tips” spiked by 89 percent. With this in mind, Magnet Trade have shared their advice on why homeowners and gardeners should never paint when the weather is warm. Lizzie Beesley, head of design at Magnet Trade has also shared top tips to remember when painting to get the desired result. The temperature inside the house and walls can have a huge impact on how a finished paint job looks. The expert said: “You should always avoid painting in hot conditions.” READ MORE: Surfaces to ‘avoid’ cleaning with citric acid Hot weather in the summer can cause paint to dry too quickly which can cause the paint to look uneven, bumpy and speckled. Temperatures over 30C can cause paint to “bubble up” which results in peeling and an “uneven” result. If this happens, other layers of paint in the same area will overlap which can be hard to fix. Summer may sound like the perfect time to paint the exterior of a home but there are a number of aspects that could have an impact on the paint’s desired finish. DON'T MISSHeatwave warning: 'Avoid gardening' for now to help your garden [INSIGHT]Can you mow your lawn when it's raining? [UPDATE]Paint colours to avoid in the kitchen - ‘stay away’ [ANALYSIS] Homeowners should ensure they never paint during hot weather, in direct sunlight or on hot surfaces. Not only can paint dry too quickly but it can change the consistency of the paint in the can. The paint may not be able to leave a clean, finished look. Instead, paint in the shade and out of direct sunlight. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Start with shaded walls and then follow the sun around to get the best results. As well as avoiding hot conditions, homeowners should never paint in cold conditions. Cold conditions stop the paint from drying quickly enough which means the paint will be vulnerable to dirt and other debris. This could then cause problems with other layers of paint. Colder temperatures can also affect the life expectancy of the paint.  Always clean before painting and allow layers to dry It’s important to prepare surfaces before starting a paint job. One important step is cleaning the walls which can be done with sugar soap. Homeowners need to ensure the walls are dry after the cleaning process. Moisture affects how paint dries as it can cause streaks or blotches on the surface. Avoid painting on wet or even damp surfaces altogether.