As if. Not once in my life have I felt inclined to do anything more to a vehicle I've owned than fill it occasionally with petrol and wonder if I'm meant to put some sort of oil in some sort of hole. Cars and how they work are a mystery to me. My own - a Toyota Yaris hybrid automatic, since you ask - I run entirely on a need-to-know basis. I need to know which side the petrol cap is on (I'm sure I'll learn this eventually, I've only had it six years), I need to know what the P, R, N, D and B stand for, next to that gearsticky thing (the B, I believe, stands for "beggared if I know"), and, increasingly, I need to know where the heck I parked it last night. So I have the utmost respect for the chaps on Bangers & Cash: Restoring Classics, new tonight at 8pm on free-to-air channel Yesterday (Freeview 27, Freesat 159), because clearly these are guys to whom this sort of stuff comes naturally. Well, sort of. The chaps I'm referring to aren't the Mathewsons - Derek, Paul and Dave - the Yorkshire-based classic car auctioneers who feature in both this and the regular Bangers & Cash series. No, the chaps I mean in this case are the programme's crew, who've been filming this popular series since 2018. Clearly, they must be car experts themselves now, because this spin-off finds them confidently committing to some major restoration projects - the idea being that they buy an old vehicle at one of the Mathewsons' auctions, then do it up, bring it back and see what sort of profit it earns them. Not that they're the ones doing the doing-up, mind you. They find proper car restorers for that. For the crew, it's all about spending their money wisely. Once they've added the restoration bill to the sum they blew on each car in its run-down state, will they actually make any profit at all? Tonight they have their eye on a red Vauxhall Astra GTE from 1990. The reserve price is £4,000. "All we need to do," they declare, "is not get carried away at the auction." Oh, dear. Elsewhere tonight, Channel 4 has a new series of First Dates (10pm). That's the show, remember, in which love-hungry strangers hope to bond over dinner at a fancy restaurant, the Maitre d' of which is the chap from Gordon, Gino and Fred: American Roadtrip (ITV, 9pm) who isn't Gordon or Gino.