Last month, Scotland's First Minister Nicola Sturgeon launched her latest bid to push through Scottish independence, announcing plans for it to take place on October 19, 2023. The SNP leader unveiled the highly-anticipated document, with a picture of three wind turbines in a field of hay bales under a blue sky on the front cover. But her Government has been left embarrassed after it came to light that the image actually shows Fraisthorpe wind farm, on the east coast of Yorkshire, near Bridlington. The paper has now been re-issued online with a new front cover, now showing two turbines under a cloudy sky in Pease Bay, Berwickshire in Scotland. Government officials have blamed a “reputable stock image website” for the blunder on the front cover of the original paper. But this will be hugely humiliating for Ms Sturgeon and her SNP-led Government, who have been at loggerheads with the UK Government over holding a second referendum on Scottish independence (background here). Scottish Conservative MSP Sharon Dowey said: "There will be red faces all around in the corridors of the SNP-Green Government at this embarrassing mistake. "We’re used to an SNP independence prospectus being a work of fiction but in this one, even the picture on the front cover is misleading." The Scottish Government admitted the blunder when responding to a Freedom of Information request. It said: "On initial publication, our contracted publishing print and design agency used a reputable stock image website to source a picture of a Scottish wind farm for the paper. "While the image used was tagged on the stock image website as being in Scotland, we now understand that image may have been mislabelled and, as a result, we updated our publication online." READ MORE: Brexit LIVE: Penny Mordaunt poised to announce fresh trade deal TODAY  Last month, Ms Sturgeon published a draft Bill for a “consultative” referendum to be held on October 19, 2023, adding the Lord Advocate had referred it to the Supreme Court to decide whether the legislation was within the powers granted to the First Minister. On Tuesday, the SNP leader received a massive boost when the Supreme Court rejected the UK Government's calls to throw out the case for IndyRef2. After referring the matter to the court, Lord Advocate Dorothy Bain QC posed the question: "Does the provision of the proposed Scottish Independence Referendum Bill that provides that the question to be asked in a referendum would be 'should Scotland be an independent country?' relate to reserved matters?" The UK Government has pushed for the case to be thrown out before it proceeded to a formal hearing, suggesting that the referral was "premature". DON'T MISSNicola Sturgeon told independence plot would create 'little Britain' [COMMENTS]Tory leadership LIVE: Mordaunt ENDGAME as Truss in 'prime position' [BLOG]David Davis destroys Truss' leadership campaign in three points [VIDEO] But the Supreme Court confirmed it has refused an application from Advocate General for Scotland, Lord Stewart QC, that would have forced both sides to file "written cases restricted to the question whether the court can or should accept the reference". The court said two issues must be considered - whether it can or should accept the reference, and if so, how it should answer the question put forward by the Lord Advocate. It ruled the arguments on both of these issues should be heard at a single hearing as a result, citing "the interests of justice and the efficient disposal of the proceedings". Both parties have until August 9 to make written submissions. It has not yet been confirmed when the case will be heard. A UK Government spokesman said: "We appreciate the Supreme Court dealing with our application quickly. "We will proceed to prepare our written case on the preliminary points we have noted, and on the substantive issue, to the timetable set out by the court. "On the question of legislative competence, the UK Government's clear view remains that a Bill legislating for a referendum on independence would be outside the legislative competence of the Scottish Parliament."