Victoria Beckham's son Brooklyn wed billionaire heiress Nicola Peltz earlier this year in a lavish Florida ceremony. However, Nicola has always made it clear that she has no intentions to move to the UK as she enjoys being close to her own family so much - and now fans wonder if there could be a frosty atmosphere between the bride and the mother of the groom. Fans have noticed that Victoria and Nicola were at one stage constantly liking and commenting on each other's posts. However in recent weeks, the public communication seems to have ground to a halt. The Beckhams are the "poorer cousins" of the Peltz family, whose multi-billion dollar wealth dwarfs that of ex-footballer David and fashion entrepreneur and ex-Spice Girl Victoria. Now a source has told the Daily Mail that "there is a feeling that the Peltzes rather turn their noses up at the Beckhams". Meanwhile it seems that Victoria had taken a shine to younger son Romeo's girlfriend. While Nicola was more focused on nurturing an acting career than her clothing, model Mia Regan shares Victoria's passion for fashion. Having been in the industry since she was 12, Mia's career highlights have included designing a campaign for style giant Balmain. Despite coming from far more humble financial roots than Nicola's family, with her father being a fundraising manager for an ambulance service, she is making waves in high society. In fact, she has even been dubbed the latest "it girl" by Tatler. Plus while Nicola shunned Victoria's fashion brand when it came time to choose her wedding gown, opting for a Valentino dress instead, Mia has publicly endorsed Victoria's brand. The Instagram influencer has promoted her potential mum-in-law's clothing on her page, while Victoria featured her artwork in a 2020 drop. Photos have even emerged on Instagram of Mia replicating Victoria's famous high kick pose while clad in fitness-wear from her Reebok range. In the images, a besotted Romeo was standing alongside her, while she captioned her snap: "Work in progress #VBpose." However, according to recent reports, Mia and Romeo have since split up, with the son of the Beckhams deleting all trace of the model from his social media.