Carol Hodgson, 40, was today locked up for the murder of little Daniel Green, after a court heard the killing was a "premeditated" act at the family home. She was sentenced to life at Teesside Crown Court with a minimum term of 18 years and four months.  Paramedics dashed to Hodgson's house in Guisborough, North Yorkshire, after concern about the toddler had been raised. He was rushed to hospital but died in February, reports Teesside Live. The court heard he had been suffocated with a plastic vaccuum bag. Hodgson pleaded guilty in June and was today sentenced in court. Speaking after the hearing, Daniel’s father Stefan Green tearfully said: "The actions of an evil person, a person who should have been one of the two people who he [Daniel] should have felt safest with - there is an entire lifetime of firsts lost. "He was my entire world. I used to call him my little star. I miss hearing him laugh and holding him in my arms. The shocking nature of the loss has made everything worse. "I now suffer from PTSD and night terrors. I haven’t been able to work and have been on the sick since it all happened. My mum and dad have been broken to the core. Even friends of the family have been hit hard. "Some days I find myself thinking it may be easier if I wasn’t here any longer. I never got to see his first steps or hear his first words, all of that was stolen from me." Judge Paul Watson QC, the Recorder of Middlesbrough, said he can’t begin to understand the pain Hodgson has caused Daniel’s father. "Daniel was the centre of his world and you took him away forever," he said. "There is no doubt but that this was a premeditated killing which had been planned by you in advance. You deliberately killed Daniel and then made a determined attempt to kill yourself which was prevented by the arrival of your mother. "Daniel was examined by a forensic pathologist, Dr Louise Mulcahy, who found the cause of Daniel’s death, whilst strictly unascertained, was in keeping with asphyxia caused by the application of a plastic bag. DNA from both Daniel and yourself was found within the bag. You must have put the bag over his head and held it there until you were satisfied that you had killed him."  Alistair Macdonald QC, prosecuting, said the murder happened after Daniel's father had applied for joint custody. He said the mum initially denied the killing, claiming she had only wanted to harm herself. A chilling note left inside the house of horror where she took the life of little Daniel was addressed to Hodgson's mum, and read: "Mama, sorry you don't want to see this, just ring the police! I am gone, I am so sorry. I love you. xxx" Christopher Atkinson, head of the crown court unit at Crown Prosecution Service North East, said: “Over the course of this case the Crown Prosecution Service has worked closely with our colleagues in Cleveland Police. "Through the comprehensive evidence that they have provided, the Crown Prosecution Service has been able to clearly establish the tragic sequence of events which culminated in Daniel’s death."