Nick Kyrgios' mum Norlaila, best know as Nill, has detailed the positive changes she has noticed in her son after the 27-year-old reached the final of Wimbledon. The Aussie was handed a walkover victory in the last four on Thursday when an emotional Rafael Nadal confirmed he would be forced to withdraw from the tournament, due to an abdominal tear sustained in his gruelling quarter-final victory over Taylor Fritz. While some tennis supporters have argued that Kyrgios should be forced to face Fritz in the semi-finals, his mother is adamant Kyrgios deserves his shot at success due to the changes he has implemented since enduring some troublesome, challenging times. Back in 2019, the Grand Slam finalist had struggled with depression, drug abuse and even considered taking his own life. But his resilience and determination to shake off his own personal demons has been rewarded on the court with Kyrgios now beginning to fulfil his potential as one of the world's standout performers. And according to Nill, it's all because her son is actually enjoying his tennis again - something that has not always been the case. “He’s finally appreciating where he is, that’s the best thing about all this,” she told the Sydney Morning Herald. “Beforehand it was so hard for us to get him to do anything. He was happy to sit in his room and play video games all the time. His shoulder would hurt him from how much he would play. “In Beijing we wanted him to walk the Great Wall of China with us. Who wouldn’t, right? But Nick wouldn’t go. He was happy to sit in his room and order in, that’s what worried me. “I remember in Canada we said, ‘Let’s go to Niagara Falls’. He wouldn’t even go there. Nick wouldn’t want to do those things. Wow, there’s such a difference now,” she added to the newspaper." Furthermore, it's claimed Kyrgios is now also enjoying his life away from the sport and his positive mental attitude has been integral to his success at Wimbledon, in the view of his mother. “I see it on his (Instagram) stories. Since the Australian Open this year (in January), he has started doing some things," Nill added. “Because he now understands that life doesn’t revolve around tennis. No one expects him to be like that. You have to enjoy your life. I’m really happy he is now.” Kyrgios is the first Australian Grand Slam finalist since Lleyton Hewitt reached the Australian Open final in 2005. Now just Novak Djokovic or Cameron Norrie stand in his way of glory, as he looks to crown an unforgettable tournament. Yet as always, the marmite of tennis has served up his fair share of drama on the court, along the way. He was fined £8,211 by officials for his behaviour and additionally, spitting towards a spectator in his first-round victory over Paul Jubb. His foul-mouthed showdown with Stefanos Tsitsipas also saw him slapped with a £3,300 fine, while the Greek was ordered to pay £8,250.