The number of vehicles due for an MOT will surge by up to 23 percent in the late summer and into Autumn, according to new data. The significant increase in MOT demand will see millions of additional vehicles requiring a test before the wave starts to subside from December. The busiest month for MOTs is expected to be September, when as many as 770,000 additional vehicles will require a new test. In total, nearly 10 million vehicles are expected to need an MOT during September, October, and November. The Freedom of Information (FOI) request by BookMyGarage.co.uk found that millions of tests would still be needed before the end of the year. Because of this, drivers are being urged to beat the rush and make a booking sooner rather than later. READ MORE: Campervan couple turned away from favourite destination Alternatively, drivers can get an MOT up to a month before it runs out while keeping the same renewal date. Karen Rotberg, Co-founder of BookMyGarage.com, told Express.co.uk that garages may start increasing the price of tests when bookings increase. She said: “We anticipated the dip in demand for MOTs earlier this year, and looking at the data again, the die has been cast and we will see a significant wave of vehicles requiring an MOT from August onwards. “While September will likely be the busiest month, once we are into August, garages will be getting busy and are likely to put up prices. DON'T MISSDrivers urged to be hyper vigilant: Hot weather could result in fine [SHOCKING]Drivers warned of massive £5,000 fines for wearing sunglasses [WARNING]Drivers urged to make simple fuel-saving car changes - ‘It pays off!’ [INSIGHT] “If drivers book now, however, they could lock-in that price. “Motorists should either aim to get their MOT booked in ahead of when it is required by one month or simply book their MOT in advance. “With the harsh fines and possible penalty points at stake, it is crucial to avoid letting MOTs expire.” “With rising online customer communication and demand for booking vehicle MOTs, servicing and repairs online, the aftersales sector is changing significantly.” New MOT laws came into force in May 2018, meaning tighter rules and larger fines for those caught driving an unroadworthy vehicle. The current fine for driving without an MOT is up to £1,000, with new rules meaning drivers could receive a fine of over double this for driving an unroadworthy car, even if the driver has a valid MOT. On top of this, if a car fails an MOT with a dangerous fault, the driver could get three points on their licence if they drive it. The annual distribution of MOTs is still affected by the disruption caused by COVID-19 and the resulting MOT extension. Drivers in Northern Ireland may be experiencing harsher conditions, with MOT test centres experiencing massive backlogs for tests. They have been urged to remain calm and not to panic if the expiry date is getting closer. Dan Gick, Managing Director of Scrap Car Comparison, advised: “With the increasing cost of driving, and delays such as those in Northern Ireland, in some cases they are becoming overdue for some vehicles. “However, in the meantime, it’s even more important to ensure that your vehicle is correctly maintained. “It may be worth consulting your vehicle’s handbook and the MOT test requirements to do some DIY checks of your car, to ensure elements such as your tyre tread, tyre pressure, fluid levels and visibility are all up to scratch.”