Manchester United have received help when it comes to signing Frenkie de Jong with Xavi informing the player four of his team-mates are above him in his pecking order, according to reports. The Barcelona star remains Erik ten Hag’s main aim for this summer’s transfer window. However, a deal that would take the 25-year-old to Old Trafford is still up in the air. Manchester United have spent the whole of the summer pursuing De Jong, who was swiftly identified as Ten Hag’s top target. But there have been widespread suggestions the Netherlands international doesn’t want to join and is reluctant to leave Barcelona behind. Now, though, Mundo Deportivo have revealed another update. It’s claimed Xavi has told De Jong that, when it comes to getting minutes in midfield, he’s below the likes of Pedri, Nico Gonzalez, Franck Kessie and Gavi in his pecking order. And that, essentially, gives United an advantage. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative They’d use De Jong as a midfielder if he moves to Old Trafford, with Ten Hag believing that’s where his former Ajax pupil is most effective. He’d arrive as a replacement for Paul Pogba, who has been allowed to join Juventus on a free transfer after six inconsistent years. So far during pre-season, Barcelona have faced off against the likes of Inter Miami, Real Madrid and Juventus. And De Jong has been named on the bench for all three of those games, showing he’s no longer guaranteed regular action. When introduced, the 25-year-old has been deployed as a centre-back. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong So with Pedri, Gavi, Kessie and Nico all ahead of the midfielder in Xavi’s thought process, United are getting some inadvertent assistance. There is still the matter of persuading De Jong that his future lies at Old Trafford, however, something that seems difficult at the current moment in time. With no Champions League football to offer, having finished sixth in the table last term, the Red Devils aren’t the attractive team they used to be. And De Jong is believed to be happy at Barcelona, both at the club and in the city itself. Should United end up missing out, then three alternatives could be pursued. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. Sergej Milinkovic-Savic, who was wanted by Jose Mourinho during his spell in charge, has been linked in recent days. Any deal for the Serbia international won’t be cheap, however, with Lazio looking for a fee close to £70million to part ways with their prized asset. Wolves star Ruben Neves has long had admirers at United and interest, possibly, could be reignited. And Youri Tielemans is another possible Plan B, though it’s thought he’d rather leave Leicester for Arsenal instead. Meanwhile, Spanish football expert Phil Kitromilides recently hammered home De Jong’s stance on a move to United. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “Frenkie de Jong doesn’t want to leave Barcelona and he doesn’t want to join Manchester United,” he told talkSPORT. “Barcelona are absolutely desperate for him to leave, Manchester United are pretty keen for him to sign but Frenkie de Jong doesn’t want to go. “He’s been pretty clear about this so that is what is holding up the deal, not necessarily this deferred wage which they will find a way of getting around. “What’s holding up the deal is that Frenkie de Jong doesn’t want to go.” United have signed Tyrell Malacia, Christian Eriksen and Lisandro Martinez so far this summer - with the trio joining from Feyenoord, Brentford and Ajax respectively. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here