Major roads across the country are suffering mass disruption as fuel protesters bring key routes to a standstill using ‘go slow’ tactics. Groups of protesters frustrated by the cost of living crisis have sparked travel chaos as hoards of vehicles have adopted a ‘go slow’ strategy, causing huge congestion on numerous motorways and other core routes. Drivers queuing amid the protest action have raged at the delays as one driver revealed he was urgently seeking medical care but remained trapped in the motorway chaos. Speaking to Sky News, the M4 driver said: “I’m getting an anaphylactic shock.”  He continued: “I’ve spoken to the police, I phoned the police on 999. “I need to get to a doctor. “Their answer was ‘phone an ambulance,’ that was their answer. “Well, how’s an ambulance going to get here?” The concerned driver spoke to reporters through his car window as traffic on the M4 moved at a fraction of the 70 mph speed limit. Another driver, also trapped in the M4 delays, said he was “very annoyed” at the protesters’ decision to disrupt travellers. He added: “They’re just wasting time, it’s a pain in the backside - ridiculous!” Read more: 'We're going to see a lot more unrest' Vine panellist warns of protest  The protesters have described their actions as ‘rolling roadblocks,’ using a series of vehicles travelling at a slow pace to block other drivers and force them to also slow their speed. The social media group Fuel Price Stand Against Tax is understood to have organised and coordinated the nationwide protest. The action has mainly targeted three-lane motorways by slowing traffic in two lanes and leaving the outside lane free. However, videos have shown protesters blocking all lanes on some major roads, including blocking vehicles attempting to overtake those leading the protest by using the hard shoulder. Don't miss: Drivers warned of huge chaos as fuel protests set to take place [REPORT]Fuel protests in UK set to bring chaos to roads [INSIGHT]'Fuel hack' driver claims could save you hundreds causes fierce debate [REVEAL] Members of the group celebrated the disruption, hoping it would draw attention to the sharp increase in fuel prices as the cost of living squeezes incomes across the UK. Additional footage has shown some of the drivers leading the protests using their phones while behind the wheel, a further concern for the police forces involved. Read next: Drivers forced to steal from petrol stations as fuel thefts hit record Drivers warned of ‘very dangerous’ fuel-saving trickDrivers urged to switch to electric cars as fuel prices keep rising Parents dip into children's savings to pay for skyrocketing bills'Make Brexit look like walk in the park' IndyRef2 threat to UK economy