Roma boss Jose Mourinho has reportedly contacted Georginio Wijnaldum regarding a summer transfer after it was revealed that Paris Saint Germain were looking to offload the midfielder this summer. The Dutchman was a favourite under Jurgen Klopp, but he could be closing in on a move that will see him work with 'the special one'. Mourinho wants to sign Wijnaldum this summer, and it is now Roma's priority between now and the end of the window. That's according to L'Equipe, who claimed that Roma are desperate to sign Wijnaldum after the Dutchman endured a disastrous season at PSG, even being named 'flop of the season' by GFFN. And reports in Italy say that Mourinho has already spoken to the player about a move this summer. Roma have been in contact with PSG and the midfielder also has stated he wants to join Mourinho's side. However, finances remain a big issue, which could cause a stumbling block in negotiations. READ MORE: Chelsea star Reece James scores outrageous own goal after mix-up with third choice keeper It's not gone well for Wijnaldum since leaving Liverpool, as he went from becoming one of Klopp's favourites to being an outcast at PSG. The Dutchman left on a free transfer and secured a much better package at PSG than Liverpool were willing to offer, but he's paid the price. But that could all be put behind him with a move to Roma, with Mourinho a long-term admirer of the former Liverpool and Newcastle star. And judging by Klopp's glowing assessment of the midfielder upon leaving the club, Mourinho could land himself a top player as Roma look to push for the Serie A title. Klopp claimed he would miss Wijnaldum 'like crazy' when leaving Liverpool, as he said: "As a team we said our goodbyes to Gini at Anfield after the final game of the season. There was the public farewell on the pitch with the guard of honour. But then a more private occasion also." DON'T MISSMan Utd already working on fourth and fifth signings as Martinez deal confirmedArsenal told Oleksandr Zinchenko's not enough and Gunners could 'be cut adrift' from SpursChelsea 'very close' to signing Jules Kounde as Thomas Tuchel gets Barcelona revenge "It was difficult for all of us because of how much this astonishing person means to the group. He’s been a big part of our lives for so long. There is nothing I won’t miss about him. “I will miss the player he is like crazy, highest-quality ability, one of the smartest players I have ever had the privilege to coach. His contribution was off the scale, a manager’s dream." That manager's dream could soon be Mourinho's, who is assembling quite the squad at Roma. Paulo Dybala has now joined the ranks, and things are starting to get exciting in Rome.