Henrik Stenson is set to be unveiled as the latest name to turn their back on the PGA Tour in favour of the Saudi-backed LIV Golf Series - and the Swede will be stripped of his Ryder Cup captaincy with immediate effect. The exhilarating action from the 150th edition of The Open on the Old Course provided the sport and its followers with a welcome break from the frustrating battle between the PGA and DP World Tours and the lucrative LIV Golf series, but that respite has ended. Stenson, the 2016 Open champion and former World No.2, has struggled for form recently as he is without a title in almost three years. However, the move will send shockwaves across the sport as LIV Golf CEO Greg Norman is proving the breakaway tour can reach anyone in golf. The 46-year-old’s dramatic move will be seen as a coup for the LIV Golf series as it seeks legitimacy. It is understood that his signing-on fee will be near the £40 million mark and that he is primed to appear in next week’s third £20m LIV event in New Jersey. LIV named 45 of that 48-man field on Tuesday with no surprises but it is believed the missing three will be new names - including Stenson - with the starting sheet completed by Thursday. Several of the world’s most prominent players have decided to switch to LIV Golf, including the likes of Phil Mickelson, Dustin Johnson and Brooks Koepka. The second LIV Golf event took place in Portland, Oregon earlier this month and the field showcased nine of the last 21 major winners, four former World No. 1 players and nearly half of the field currently ranked in the top 100.Branden Grace, who became the first man to record a sub-63 score in a major when he shot a 62 (8-under-par) in the Open Championship in 2017, secured a two-stroke victory to earn a £3.37 million payout - more than the £2.08 million awarded to Australian Cameron Smith for securing the coveted Open title last week. READ MORE: LIV Golf contract clause 'leaked' with Ryder Cup captain in trouble On Monday, the Telegraph revealed that the DP World Tour had arranged to meet with Stenson on Tuesday amid the rumours that clouded the Open at St Andrews last week. Stenson struggled around the course to finish one-over par, failing to make the cut. It was assumed that Stenson would ask about the plausibility of fulfilling his duties as Ryder Cup captain in Rome next year while also playing in the LIV Series. In March, he signed a contract in March that stipulated he could not play on the breakaway league but the recent Ian Poulter’s recent court case led to an injunction to allow the Englishman to play in the Scottish Open - which suggests Stenson will be able to play both. Stenson will reportedly soon be unveiled on the LIV roster, and DP World Tour CEO Keith Pelley will want to line up a replacement as quickly as possible. Englishman Luke Donald narrowly missed out on the opportunity to succeed Padraig Harrington - the Irishman who presided over a record 19-9 defeat in Wisconsin last September - while Scotland’s Paul Lawrie and another Swede, Robert Karlsson, were also considered. DON'T MISSOpen champion Cam Smith struggles loading Claret Jug on public flight Saudi LIV tour coup as they 'snap up' Open champ Smith and 'five more'McIlroy confident after Open as Smith refuses to rule out LIV switch However, Thomas Bjorn - the victorious 2018 captain - could be the man to step up. The 51-year-old has experience in the role and is a strong personality with unwavering loyalty, a trait sorely needed in such time.s Europe has already lost the likes of Poulter, Lee Westwood, Sergio Garcia and Graeme McDowell as potential future captains after their move to LIV Golf and the primary objective among Team Europe will be to steady the ship. The US have also lost stars - Johnson, Koepka, Bryson DeChambeau and Patrick Reed - who have been dealt bans and are therefore ineligible to play in Rome. It places the future of the biennial Ryder Cup in doubt, with so many big names keen to leave in the face of lucrative contracts bankrolled by a Saudi regime with renowned human rights abuses.