 Ofgem's price cap has been predicted by analysts Cornwall Insight to increase to £3,240 for typical use in October with the energy watchdog set to announce the rise next month. Even though all the UK has is estimations at the moment, the Ofgem boss Jonathan Brearley stated last month that the price cap was set to increase “even more” than previously predicted. Many Britons are taking steps to make sure that they are able to reduce their home’s energy consumption but make sure that their heat is not compromised as the winter settles in.  Nico van der Merwe, vice president of home & distribution at Schneider Electric said when taking steps, Britons should not “underestimate the obvious common-sense approaches to conserving energy”. He said: “Simply turning appliances off standby mode and switching off lights when they're not being used can save households around £75 a year on their annual energy bills. “Meanwhile, the Energy Saving Trust estimates that if everyone in the UK spent a minute less in the shower each day, it would save £215million in energy bills a year nationwide.” He also added that “simply washing your clothes” at a temperature below 40 degrees will “have a significant impact on the annual cost of running a washing machine". People should take the time to look at the draft proofing, insulation and double glazing in their property. READ MORE: State pensioners may be able to increase sum by up to £14.75 weekly  Mr Van der Merwe recommended that people start with draught-proofing, such as sealing gaps in window frames and blocking gaps under doors as this is a “quick and easy way” to preserve heat. Making sure the house is insulated should also be a priority for everyone right now and is a “great way” to reduce energy bills. Mr Van der Merwe explained how the UK has some of the world’s “oldest housing stock” and means that in the UK around 35 percent of heat is lost through the walls and 25 percent is lost through roofs. If people invest in putting 10cm of fibreglass insulation in the loft, then they could see a potential reduction of heat loss of around 75 percent in that area. He also added that things such as double-glazing windows and energy-efficient doors can also significantly reduce the heat loss in a home however, he stated that these can be a costly investment for people right now. Mr Van der Merwe explained that “clever heating scheduling” can help keep households “comfortably warm” without overheating and wasting energy.  If a person replaces their standard room thermostat with an ON/OFF load compensation thermostat, users have the ability to reduce their gas use by around 10 percent according to the December 2021 study by the UK energy trade association body BEAMA. Mr Van der Merwe explained: “ON/OFF load compensation is a method of minimising energy use by calculating the demand from a thermostat. "As the temperature approaches the required setting, the boiler will fire for shorter periods of time, ensuring a constant temperature is maintained.” BEAMA also found that switching to a directly modulating load or weather compensation thermostat could deliver a 12 percent gas reduction. Mr Van der Merwe also reiterated the importance of “smart tech” such as smart meters and smart thermostats.  Mr Van der Merwe said: “By making small efficiency gains now, consumers can nip the impact of October’s increase in the bud. This is only possible through connected digital technology. “Smart technology such as smart thermostats and smart home energy systems can help consumers understand their energy bills, paying close attention to consumption levels.” “Currently, Brits are 50 percent more likely to own a voice assistant than a smart thermostat, so there is work to be done in shifting the mindset toward digital technologies.”  READ MORE: ‘Game over!’ Woman, 42, watches as hackers steal £10,000 in attack   Smart meters allow people to keep a check on how much energy they are using as their usage is shown on an in-home display and can help people can then make conscious decisions to reduce it which can help them budget better. He said: “Smart meters can offer more accurate invoices that reflect the actual consumption and can also support prepayment programmes. In the future, the greater accuracy and transparency make it easier to decide whether to switch energy providers and avoid an annoying meter reading.” For households that want to go that step further, smart heating controls can save up to a further six percent more energy. Mr Van der Merwe explained: “These smart systems work by stopping temperatures from going above targets based on usage patterns and ensuring that boilers switch on and off at just the right moment and they are all controlled through a smartphone app.” These systems can also offer room-to-room heating systems so people can heat individual rooms rather than the whole house. This is done through smart thermostatic radiator valves (TRV) which are attached to each radiator and can be controlled through an app. Mr Van der Merwe said: “This superior ability to finetune and schedule the system, along with intuitive smart modes, could save up to £200 a year in energy bills and can save up to 19 percent more energy compared to systems without that level of control.”     On the more simple side, Mr Van der Merwe recommends that people turn their central thermostat down by one degree as it can have an “immediate” impact without making much difference to comfort. Doing this can possibly save around 10 percent of energy and could lead to a saving of around £80 for many households. By turning off appliances, investing in some smart tech, and turning down the thermostat, Britons could possibly see a saving of £355 a year. Mr Van De said: “Domestic energy usage is expected to double in the coming years, and so energy efficiency at home must urgently be addressed and with the increase to the price cap in October it is now vital that energy use is monitored. “It is easier to change your behaviour if you can see even small changes, and the small changes can make a lasting impact.”   