Married at First Sight UK will be returning for another season, welcoming a new group of singletons to get hitched without ever meeting their new spouse until they're down the aisle. There has been little revealed about the next series so far but talk has begun on the MAFS UK 2021 reunion. Here's everything Express.co.uk knows about the one-off special. Married at First Sight UK season six came to an end in September 2021, waving goodbye to the show's stars after a turbulent experience. A year later and the reunion show will see some of its cast reunited so fans can find out what happened once the cameras stopped rolling. The hour-long special will delve into how the show impacted the lives of the 2021 alumni and what they've gone on to do after the experiment finished. This is going to give the cast the chance to reminisce over their best moments, reveal what they would do differently and address any issues that are still playing on their minds. READ MORE: Outlander's Sam Heughan speaks out series ending as he drops huge clue E4 promises it will be a reunion they won't forget, teasing it will see the "reopening of old wounds" for some of the stars. Unfortunately, the entire cast isn't going to be back for the reunion, including Marilyse Corrigan, Franky Spencer, Josh Christie and Luke Dawson. The stars who have been confirmed for the MAFS UK 2021 reunion are: Amy Christophers Matt Jameson Megan Wolfe Adam Aveling Daniel McKee Nikita Jasmine Tayah Victoria Bob Voysey While most of the couples sadly didn't stay together, there have been a couple of success stories. Matt and Daniel had a relatively stress-free time during the show, with the biggest obstacle being distance. While Matt was from Leeds, he was eager to pursue his ongoing romance with Daniel and so moved to Northern Ireland to be with him. Matt told OK!: "It's very exciting. Northern Ireland is the most beautiful place I've ever been to." DON'T MISS...Stranger Things season 5 theory: Becky Ives return sealed [THEORY]MAFS experts highlight scary 'Bob moment' [EXPLAINER]Domenica MAFS Australia: Is Domenica Calarco still on OnlyFans? [CAST] Tayah and Adam had a similarly peaceful journey on MAFS UK as they hit it off as soon as they met. By the end of the show, Adam got down on one knee and proposed to his TV wife for real. One year later, the couple are living together and expecting their first child. In April 2022, Tayah and Adam took to Instagram to reveal they were having a girl.  An official release date is yet to be announced, but it will air sometime in 2022. Commissioning Editor, Mel Bezalel said: “Last year, record numbers watched 16 strangers get married on E4 and All 4, and witnessed the ensuing drama, romance and rollercoasters. "It’s only right that we give viewers ‘what they ordered’ and catch up with this unforgettable cast. "So far, we’ve had an engagement, a baby announcement and a couple re-locating – so we’re desperate to find out what else this group has been up to since we last saw them, and what this unique reunion might have in store…” Married at First Sight: One Year On will be released later this year on E4.