Frontline video footage released by the Security Service of Ukraine (SBU) shows the moment a bomb is dropped on a stationary T-72. Though it is unclear which version of the tank is hit, Russia has relied on widespread deployment of the T-72B3 - a more mobile version of the Soviet-era T-72. Volodymyr Zelensky’s forces, meanwhile, are increasingly deploying drones to carry out precision strikes behind enemy lines. These range from lightweight, handheld devices to drones the size of a small plane, as is the case with the Turkish-made Bayraktar TB2. In the black and white video clip released on Monday, the tank is stalked in the crosshairs of the drone. A bomb is then dropped, hitting the heavy armoury with pinpoint accuracy - causing it to explode.  According to the SBU, a telephone call was intercepted from a nearby Russian soldier who witnessed the tank’s destruction. The translated call said: “Mum, there was a real circus today! “At two o'clock in the morning, 15 ‘cargo 200s’ [Russian military code for casualties]. “They were watching movies on the tank. READ MORE: Elderly nudist shoots 'exhibitionist' dead after sex act in front of shocked bathers   “In short, they dropped a f****** drone into the tower! “A drone, mum, a drone, f***! It just flew up, dropped the ammunition and blew it up." The incident occurred several days ago, the SBU said, without elaborating on the exact date and location. Details were released by military counterintelligence officers. DON'T MISS: Putin humiliated as ‘all four Russian cruise missiles’ launched towards key area destroyed [SPOTLIGHT]Ukraine: Brit special forces ‘helped liberate Snake Island' in Bond-style submarines [LIVE BLOG]Germany gas crisis: Putin sets exact date to CUT OFF supply – emergency EU summit TOMORROW [INSIGHT] The T-72 is a family of Soviet-era and Russian battle tanks, in service since 1973. The estimated cost of each unit is up to £1million. They weigh between 41.5 and 44.5 tonnes. Ukraine's modern warfare tactics, aided by Western technology, are causing a major headache for the Kremlin. As reports emerge of Russia drafting in dated equipment to continue their offensive, Zelensky’s forces are using modern means to wipe out strategic strongholds - such as ammo depots in occupied areas of the Donbas.   On Monday, Kyiv said 50 ammo warehouses have been blown up so far. Such attacks mean mass destruction of vital stores needed to carry the Russian offensive deeper into Ukraine.  US-made M142 High Mobility Artillery Rocket Systems (HIMARS) are being used to great effect as part of this strategy. In an address on Ukrainian TV, Oleksiy Reznikov, the nation’s minister of defence, has described the tactic’s impact.  Mr Reznikov said: "This cuts their logistical chains and takes away their ability to conduct active fighting and cover our armed forces with heavy shelling.” Russia is, however, using its own modern drone technology to good effect. Notably, the Orlan-10 is used to locate positions of Ukrainian troops.  