The move is being led by the Costa del Sol but other destinations popular with the Brits are expected to follow unless the drought conditions are reversed. The Association of Municipalities of the Eastern Costa del Sol has asked all 31 municipalities to save water and at least 20% of consumption. Rincón de la Victoria, Vélez-Málaga and Algarrobo have all decided to close the showers on the beaches starting on Monday. The mayor of Vélez-Málaga, Antonio Moreno Ferrer said: "It is not easy to make this decision in the middle of summer and with the beaches full of users and we are sorry for any inconvenience this may cause but we are really faced with a critical situation and any measure that can help mitigate the effects of the drought must be carried out, starting by setting an example from local administrations." Vélez-Málaga has 22 kilometres of coastline and 100 showers and is calling for European aid to progress with a desalination project which would meet domestic demand, as well as farming. Councillor for beaches, Jesús Pérez Atencia confirmed to Spanish media: "Starting on August 1 and progressively, the Vélez-Málaga coastline will cut off the water from more than 100 showers. "It is a gesture of responsibility within the framework of the critical situation that the municipality of Vélez-Málaga and the region of Axarquia are experiencing in terms of water, for which we ask for the collaboration of all the residents and users of our coastline and also apologise for this decision that will allow significant water savings." Mayor for Rincón de la Victoria, Francisco Salado said: "We know that it is an unpopular measure, but extremely necessary in the face of the serious drought." The resort is going to place stickers along the nine kilometres of coastline where there are nearly 60 showers. "The water savings will be considerable since not everyone uses water responsibly, going so far as to use the showers for personal hygiene or cleaning beach equipment," said beach councillor, Sergio Díaz. The rest of the Costa del Sol is being urged to adopt the same measures and also place a water ban on filling private swimming pools.