Nottingham Forest are reportedly close to agreeing a move that would see Jesse Lingard join the club on a free transfer this summer. The former Manchester United midfielder had attracted interest from West Ham, Everton and clubs in MLS and Saudi Arabia but looks set to join Steve Cooper's side after his Old Trafford contract expired at the end of last season. The Guardian have claimed that while a deal to take Lingard to the City Ground is not yet finalised, Nottingham Forest are close to agreeing a deal to sign the 29-year-old. Lingard enjoyed a successful loan spell at West Ham in the 2020/21 season, and had been linked with a return to the London Stadium but his wage demands reportedly were a concern. Reports claimed that Lingard was hoping to secure a contract worth £180,000-a-week, prompting interest from outside of Europe but Nottingham Forest look set to sign Lingard as they bid to avoid relegation in their first Premier League season since 1999. After a West Ham loan spell that saw Lingard score nine Premier League goals and record four assists in 16 games, Lingard returned to Old Trafford to compete for a place in the United team but only made two starts under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick. JUST IN: Newcastle's dream transfer window with six new names for Forest opener  Lingard will become Cooper's 11th summer signing, after eight completed deals already this transfer window in addition to Lewis O'Brien and Harry Toffolo also close to agreeing moves from Huddersfield Town. Nottingham Forest have already signed Taiwo Awoniyi, Neco Williams, Moussa Niakhate, Giulian Biancone, Omar Richards, Brandon Aguilera, Wayne Hennessey and Dean Henderson to bolster their squad for the upcoming season.   A deal to take Lingard to Nottingham Forest is not completed, resulting in speculation that West Ham could yet gazump the Reds as David Moyes has been a vocal admirer of the man with 32 England caps. Lingard made a cryptic Instagram post that hinted he could be returning to West Ham, with the caption "If you know you know", along with a heart emoji as he snapped a picture of a takeaway called Chicken Run. Chicken Run was the nickname for the terracing that ran across West Ham's East Stand at their old stadium the Boleyn Ground, prompting fans to believe that he was teasing his future plans to return to the Hammers. Lingard has reportedly stayed close with several West Ham’s players and has a good understanding with the Scottish coach, who is looking for more quality in attacking midfield and have also attempted to sign Armando Broja from Chelsea.  