With Queen Elizabeth II taking a step back from daily royal duties, many are turning their attention to how the monarchy might look when Prince Charles ascends to the throne. Given the popularity of the Queen, many fear that the Royal Family could be under threat when her reign ends. In fact, novelist Hilary Mantel predicted that the monarchy will not survive the next two generations, meaning Prince George would not become king. Speaking last year, she said admired the devotion of the Queen and Charles, but believes the public will eventually turn on the royals. She told The Times: "I think they do it as well as anyone possibly could, take it as seriously as anyone could." Ms Mantel added that by her “back of the envelope” calculations, Prince William will be the last King of England. “I think it’s a fair prediction, but let’s say I wouldn’t put money on it. "It's very hard to understand the thinking behind the monarchy in the modern world when people are just seen as celebrities." Ms Mantel rarely pulls her punches when discussing the Royal Family. In 2013, she said Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge, was comparable to a "shop-window mannequin" with "no personality of her own". While giving a lecture at the time, Ms Mantel said: "Kate seems to have been selected for her role of princess because she was irreproachable: as painfully thin as anyone could wish, without quirks, without oddities, without the risk of the emergence of character. "She appears precision-made, machine-made: so different from Diana, whose human awkwardness and emotional incontinence showed in her every gesture. "In those days [Kate] was a shop-window mannequin, with no personality of her own, entirely defined by what she wore. "These days, she is a mother-to-be, and draped in another set of threadbare attributions. Once she gets over being sick, the press will find that she is radiant. They will find that this young woman's life until now was nothing, her only point and purpose being to give birth." READ MORE: Kate's engagement ring more 'star of the show' than Meghan's A spokesman for Ms Mantel later told the Daily Telegraph that the speech was not meant as a criticism of the Duchess, but was intended to be "remarkably sympathetic." They added: "It is a piece about appearance,, It's about being trapped. It is about the performance, how the institution of royalty has to project and how it comes across." With the Royal Family's long term survival a concern to some, it has been suggested that Charles could instead allow his son Prince William to become king instead. Diana‘s former voice coach, Stewart Pearce, suggested this could happen in an interview last year. He told The Sun: "He [Charles] may not take the throne, he may hand it to his young son. He doesn’t want to do it, such a difficult task." In April, a poll found that almost half of Britons think Charles should step aside and let William ascend to the throne. DON'T MISS Kate and William argued over 'divisive' Prince George appearance [INSIGHT] Kate and William demand 'confidentiality at all times' from new aide [ANALYSIS] William and Kate will jet to US this year after costly Jubilee trip [INSIGHT] It found just 24 percent of people think the Prince of Wales should become the next monarch. This was way down on the 42 percent who said they would prefer the Duke of Cambridge to succeed the Queen. Various experts believe William plays a crucial role when it comes to the monarchy's survival. Matthew Dennison, a biographer of the queen, told Reuters in May: "The future does rest on Prince William. And we all know that public opinion can be unkind." Charles Rae, a former royal correspondent at the Sun newspaper added: "William is the key person because William is going to be king one day. "He's the last of the Mohicans, basically. I think an awful lot rests on William's shoulders for the future of the monarchy."