Queen Elizabeth, 96, celebrated her Platinum Jubilee four weeks ago to commemorate her 70-year reign. Back in 1953, the Queen had her coronation to mark the start of her reign. For the occasion, the monarch opted for a dress that would certainly impress.  Her iconic coronation dress is now going on display at 'Platinum Jubilee: The Queen's Coronation', a special exhibition being held in St George's Hall and the Lantern Lobby of Windsor Castle. Style experts have spoken to Express.co.uk about the beautiful gown that Elizabeth wore on her special day. Daniel O’Farrell; the founder, bespoke jeweller and diamond expert at DC Jewellery said: “The Queen has worn many memorable outfits over her historic 70-year reign. “In fact, her love for accessories started very early on - old photographs rarely show young Princess Elizabeth without a hat. “One of her best looks to date has got to be her majestic coronation outfit of 1953.” What hidden symbols were included in the gown’s design? The expert explained: “It featured symbolic floral embroidery from all over the UK and its territories. “It was the brainchild of one of her favourite designers, Norman Hartnell.  “Later in the 1950s, the new Queen’s style featured uber-feminine tea-length dresses, with voluminous skirts and cinched waists, accessorised with high heels and pearl necklaces.” Style expert Adam Johnson from Dune Bags also talked about the Queen’s “coronation gown to die for”. He said: “Elizabeth’s fashion designer, Hartnell, wasn’t only a master of conservative garments that presented the Princess in a regal light. “He had a truly creative flair that came forth when he designed the two statement pieces of his life: the Queen’s wedding dress and her coronation gown. READ MORE: Pippa Middleton lives in £17m home in Chelsea - perfect for new baby “To call the Queen’s coronation gown a statement piece is a true understatement. “It was a coronation gown to die for. “The piece was the apotheosis of Hartnell’s career. “What Hartnell came up with was ‘glorious’, as the Queen herself called it.