Nick Torres (played by Wilmer Valderrama), Jessica Knight (Katrina Law), Timothy McGee (Sean Murray) and the rest of the NCIS team are heading back to CBS viewers’ screens soon as production on season 20 has begun. And with a premiere date penned in the USA for September 19, fans only have a matter of months to wait. In the meantime, the show’s cast have been regularly updating fans with the latest goings-on during filming - and actor Valderrama has sparked quite the reaction. Donned in their NCIS gear, Valderrama and Law stopped for a smiley selfie from the set of the CBS drama recently. Sharing it to Instagram, Valderrama took a break from filming to fill fans in on how episode one of the 20th season is going. “On set with Agent Knight..” Valderrama began to his 1.8 million Instagram followers. He continued: “We are swinging away on episode one!.. big premiere. #NCIS is back September 19 at 9pm.” READ MORE: NCIS’ Michael Weatherly pays tribute to Bull co-star in exit update Inevitably, it didn’t take long for excited fans to share their reactions, and some even tipped a possible romance. After seeing the stars behind Jessica Knight and Nick Torres filming together, Instagram user @19nanner47 replied: “You and Agent Knight need to canoodle.” And it seems some fans agree the twist should come to fruition, with @nylinda12 agreeing: “@19nanner47 Ik! But she has eyes only for Jimmy.” Jessica and Jimmy Palmer (Brian Dietzen) had been laying the foundation for a possible romance back in season 19, but could Torres hijack their relationship? After all, with fans onboard with the idea and Torres currently single, he may well realise his feelings for the relative newbie. Torres had his heart broken when Ellie Bishop (Emily Wickersham) decided to leave so he may now be ready to move after undergoing therapy in the previous season. However, this would be quite the turn-up for the books given how much of the fanbase has been loving the idea of Jimmy and Jessica getting together. One thing that is for sure is that fans cannot wait for season 20 to return to see what’s in store. DON'T MISS:NCIS NOLA's Scott Bakula dealt huge blow as new show axed by NBCNCIS LA’s Kensi Blye star sparks meltdown with peek at season 14 setNCIS' Pauley Perrette showered with support after home struggle Elsewhere among the replies to Valderrama’s update, many expressed their delight at filming entering full swing. NCIS fan @sandybanks16 commented: “Omg can’t wait me and my mom love Ncis and are huge fans keep up the great work.” While @serenagarde agreed: “So ready for Season 20 to start. Thank you ALL for helping bring the magic to the fans. Have a FANtastic Friday and weekend.” Elsewhere, @abbyrose80 replied: “So glad you’re back! I don’t know how you juggle all the stuff you’re doing!” And @ginettevilleneuve echoed: “Love you guys, the whole team!! “Love the character development and commitment from all of you. Season 19…. Bring it on!” Fans will have to wait until season 20 drops on CBS to find out what the future holds for Knight, Torres and Palmer. NCIS season 20 premieres on CBS in the USA on September 19. A UK release date is yet to be announced.