Amazon Prime Day is one of the best times of the year to grab a bargain, with millions of discounts available in this year's sale which ran on Tuesday July 12 and Wednesday July 13. If you missed out on these discounts, which were available exclusively to Amazon Prime members, then don't worry as you can still find a good deal if you hunt around. Among the best bargains still available at Amazon UK include free access to Kindle Unlimited and a huge price cut on both the Pixel 6 and Apple AirPods. If you're looking for an Amazon bargain then here are some of the best deals available right now... Right now Amazon is offering two months' worth of access to its Kindle Unlimited service entirely for free. The ebook service offers access to a huge library of over a million books, plus lets you access subscriptions for popular newsagent magazines and listen to thousands of audiobooks. Kindle Unlimited usually costs £7.99 a month, meaning this deal offers a saving of almost £16. If you like the sound of this service but are kicking yourself because you don't have a Kindle then fret not. You don't need a Kindle to read an ebook meant for the Amazon gadget, as you can read Kindle books and access the Kindle Unlimited service on your smartphone, tablet and laptop via the official Kindle app. Before you try to sign up to this deal there is a few things you need to know. Firstly, you can only sign up for this deal if you're a new Kindle Unlimited customer. So you can't already be enjoying a free trial nor can you be a paid for member at the moment. Also, after the free trial period is over auto-renew will kick in so make sure you cancel your subscription before then if you don't want to be charged for Kindle Unlimited. And finally you also need to be an Amazon Prime member to take advantage of this deal - if you're not then here's how to claim an Amazon Prime free trial today. The Pixel 6 and Pixel 6 Pro have both received a big price cut, with these handsets available for the best price ever. The Pixel 6 which usually costs £599 is available at Amazon UK for £449 for a limited time only. This price is just £50 more than the budget Pixel 6a handset launching later this month, and you'll get a much more impressive spec sheet with the Pixel 6 having a bigger screen, better RAM, faster refresh rate on the display and fast charging support when the Pixel 6a doesn't have this. If you're after the Pixel 6 Pro then you can also get a great deal on this handset. The Pixel 6 Pro usually costs £849 but right now you can get it for £200 off for £649. If you're after a new pair of wireless buds then you can get a great deal on the Apple AirPods Pro. These buds, which offer better specs than the entry-level AirPods, are usually priced at £239. But right now you can get these buds from the Amazon website for £179 - a £60 saving. This is one of the cheapest prices these buds have ever been, and if you've got the budget to spend will offer a number of advantages over the cheaper AirPods. The AirPods Pro are the first Apple buds to feature Active Noise Cancellation, which will help immerse you in your music. The wireless buds also have interchangeable soft, silicone tips which will help the AirPods fit more snuggly in your ears. The AirPods Pro will give you more than 24 hours of total listening time when you factor in how much juice you get from the MagSafe Charging Case. You will also get easy access to Siri, benefit from a new Transparency Mode which lets you listen to outside sound as well if you want to, plus the AirPods Pro come with sweat and water resistance - which is ideal right now given the scorching temperatures the UK is experiencing.