Adele fans were devastated when she postponed her highly anticipated Las Vegas concert dates at the start of the year - and some furious fans who'd travelled all the way from the UK had fumed that they wouldn't be taking a chance on her again. However following the "ecstatic" star's latest announcement, there has been a chaotic scramble to buy the hottest tickets in town - and some websites are selling them for more than $40,000 (£33,355). Availability was scarce already, as Ticketmaster had promised existing ticket-holders that their original tickets would still be valid for the new dates. However the demand is unprecedented even by Adele's usual standards. The 'I'll Be Waiting' singer announced new dates for her residency yesterday - and waiting in anticipation is exactly what her hardcore fans will be doing after securing the last of the elusive tickets. Eight additional shows have been announced in addition to the 24 that were postponed back in January. READ NOW: Stacey Solomon and Joe Swash have married in 'joyous' ceremony There are now 32 performances, which will take place between November 18 2022 and March 25 2023. Adele took to social media to tell fans of the good news yesterday afternoon. "Words can’t explain how ecstatic I am to finally be able to announce these rescheduled shows," she began. "I truly was heartbroken to have to cancel them," the 'Easy On Me' singer told more than 50 million followers. However she added: "After what feels like an eternity of figuring out logistics for the show that I really want to deliver, and knowing it can happen, I’m more excited than ever! "Now I know for some of you it was a horrible decision on my part, and I will always be sorry for that, but I promise you it was the right one. "To be with you in such an intimate space every week has been what I’ve most been looking forward to and I’m going to give you the absolute best of me." She signed off her Instagram post with a love heart emoji, telling fans: "Thank you for your patience, I love you, Adele."  The post about the dates at the Colosseum at Las Vegas hotel Caesars Palace racked up over a million likes. @bolandocalrissian praised: "We all knew she’d come through!" However not everyone was as quick to forgive, with some blasting Adele's "selfish decision to cancel the DAY before concerts". @oceanmistress vented: "People didn't just lose ticket money, but hotel and airfare as well. We're talking THOUSANDS of dollars." The irate Instagrammer continued: "She owes ALL her fans who lost money on hotels, airfare and tickets. "Don't blame the fans who lost their hard-earned money. Blame ADELE!!!" With emotions still running high over the last date change, it's likely that there will be mixed feelings for some time to come. However many are willing to be second time lucky, with fans such as @breeclearwater exclaiming: "Caesar’s is calling me back!"