Prince Harry, the Duke of Sussex, has been working on an “intimate and heartfelt memoir” for two years. However, the book’s publication date has reportedly been pushed back from its initial release date of autumn 2022 by publisher Penguin Random House. A royal insider said in The Sun last week: “If this book’s coming out this year as originally planned it should be in the publisher’s marketing and promotional list — unless they’re planning a surprise or there’s been a delay. Its omission has raised lots of eyebrows in royal circles.” READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: 'Insulting!' Prince Harry sparks backlash with latest intervention A spokeswoman for Transworld, part of Penguin Random House, said: “We don’t put every book on the list so there is nothing to be extrapolated from that.” Buckingham Palace insiders reportedly fear the book could reveal secrets and information about the inner workings of the Firm. GB News host Mr Dolan argued that Harry’s book, written with the help of ghost-writer and Pulitzer Prize-winning author JR Moehringer since 2020, should be cancelled altogether. Harry and his wife Meghan Markle relocated to the US after stepping back from their roles as senior members of the Royal Family. The couple now lives in Montecito, California where they are raising their two children and Harry has written his memoir. Mr Dolan said: “It seems this lad wants to pen a misery memoir in which he moans for 300 pages about how terrible his life is. “The irony will be lost on him, of course, that this tearful account will be penned from his luxury 16-bathroom Montecito mansion. “I wish he’d flushed the manuscript down one of those loos. I’ve got no problem with Harry moving on but that’s exactly what he needs to do, and therefore spike this miserable memoir, which will further hurt the people who love him and damage the country that gave him everything.” DON'T MISS: Glamorous Princess Beatrice spotted on rare night out with Meghan Markle's close friend [INSIGHT]Kate heartbreak as Duchess of Cambridge struck by death of beloved confidante [LATEST]'If I'm allowed to call you that?' Camilla shows brilliant humour with poke at PC culture [VIDEO] He continued: “As long as he keeps his titles swanning around the world as a global prince and signing multi-million dollar deals off the back of his royal status, then hypocritical Harry will have failed to do what he said he wanted to do all along, which is to leave the country and leave the monarchy.” Following the announcement of his book deal, Harry said his memoir would reflect the “highs and lows” of his life and promised that he would be "accurate and wholly truthful”. He added: “I’m writing this not as the prince I was born but as the man I have become.” So what do YOU think? Should Prince Harry “spike” his upcoming memoir? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below.