Tom Bower, political biographer and author of 'Boris Johnson, the Gambler', suggested Boris Johnson is about to face a “huge psychological problem” as to what he can do post-premiership. The outgoing Prime Minister has survived countless political dramas and scandals but eventually resigned as letters of resignation from ministerial ministers and some cabinet ministers poured in last Thursday. He will reportedly stay in power until the Conservative Party elects a new leader and Prime Minister, which could happen before the Parliament’s summer recess. When asked about Boris Johnson’s political future, Mr Bower said: "I think he’s going to go through a huge psychological problem. "First of all, he’s lost office. He’s been humiliated and he’ll have to put himself together. I think he'll find through his agent very quickly that publishers will offer him several million pounds for his memoirs depending on what he’s going to say. "If it is boring as David Cameron’s, there won’t be a success. Either it’s spicy as John Major’s or even Tony Blair’s or Michelle Obama’s, he’ll make a fortune "And that depends on how honest he is prepared to be. Not only about others but about himself. And then, of course, he’s got the speaking circuit. I mean, even Theresa May, has been earning over £100,000." Talk TV’s Julia Hartley-Brewer jumped in, exclaiming: "I know! I think we're all a little bit surprised. I think she’s earned a total of 2.5million pounds since she left office. Dismayed by the figures, she added Theresa May’s speaking abilities were not her strong suit. Mr Bower reacted, saying: "Well, I would pay nothing here. I just think that she’s really so boring. But there you are. But Johnson is the opposite. So, he’ll command a fortune." Talk TV’s Hartley-Brewer noticed he made a fortune before even becoming Prime Minister, noting he used to earn £50,000 per speech. READ MORE: Brexit LIVE: 'Sheer glee' French elite 'deluded' over fall of Boris "Oh, £120,000 per speech," Mr Bower said. "And I think he’ll get a newspaper column again – probably with The Telegraph. So, I think financially he'll be secure. "I think his greatest problem will be to reposition himself to find out (what’s he going to do) in his 50s. He’s got a whole 20 more years ahead of him. "And I think his most important problem will be his domestic arrangements. I mean, eventually, he’ll realise that Carrie was one of the agents of his own destruction, arguing with Dominic Cummings, interference in the environmental policies, her ridiculous expenditure on wallpaper, and the rest." DON'T MISS:Rehman Chishti announces Tory leadership bid [REPORT]Truss best equipped to take on 'woolly' Starmer, allies suggest [ANALYSIS]'Vicious' Tory civil war could have disastrous election consequences [INSIGHT] Mr Bower said: "She’s a woman who’s really not his best ally in any terms. But – and I’ll say this and this is the most important of Boris’ fate – that he is emotionally deprived. He is looking for love. "He’s looking for security. He has all through his life. "I think all the analyses of Boris’ career and his character omit this terrible childhood he had. And although he may deem he was happy, he certainly wasn’t. And now, he’s always looking for somebody. And when he lost Marina his wife, that was the anchor. "But he’s always adulterous and I can’t see that changing once he’s out of office." READ NEXT:Rees-Mogg tests Brexiteer credentials of candidates with single demandThe three Tory Party candidates who will anger EU mostThatcherite group calls for return to former PM’s visionThe ten candidates battling to become the next PMTory leadership candidates to be put on the spot over women's rights