Manchester United are reportedly 'very, very confident' of pipping Arsenal to a deal for Lisandro Martinez, with Erik ten Hag pushing hard to convince the Ajax defender to swap Amsterdam for Old Trafford. Martinez is keen to leave the Dutch champions for a Premier League move this summer. Both the Gunners and United are in the market for defensive reinforcements and are attracted by Martinez's versatility. The 26-year-old can play as a centre-half or a left-back and was an integral part of the Ajax side that clinched their third Eredivisie title in four years under Ten Hag last season. Per CBS Sports' Ben Jacobs, Martinez is claimed to have been sold on the idea of working under Mikel Arteta at Arsenal as he would be expected to have a prominent role in the first-team. However, the race for his signature is wide open and Manchester United are also an attractive option for the Argentina international. Ten Hag is 'pushing extremely hard' to get a deal for Martinez done, and the Dutchman could prove key as the player is more familiar with his former coach. Both clubs believe they are in pole position to strike a deal for Martinez and are hoping to conclude talks as quickly as possible. READ MORE: Tottenham line up five more transfer exits before pre-season tour after £26m Bergwijn deal Ten Hag has targeted a number of Ajax players since being appointed by Manchester United, but while Martinez is seen as the most attainable target, neither United or Arsenal have been able to put together a financial package that satisfies Ajax, who have reportedly slapped a £45million valuation on the defender. If United can find a resolution and strike an agreement with Ajax ahead of Arsenal, then the versatile ace would boost a beleaguered defence that conceded the most goals of any Manchester United team in the Premier League era last season. Ten Hag knows that improving United's woeful defensive record will be integral to the club's chances of bouncing back this season, and the 52-year-old has already made moves to shake up his defensive options with the £12.9million signing of Tyrell Malacia. DON'T MISSArsenal's transfer window in danger of collapsing with three deals now in major doubtLeeds 'submit transfer request' for former Arsenal target amid Raphinha uncertaintyTottenham told £34m target won't be seventh signing as Conte given transfer deadline The Dutch left-back wrapped up his switch from Feyenoord on Monday to become Ten Hag's first senior signing. And the 22-year-old stressed that the pull of working under the former Ajax chief was a major factor in his decision to quit the Eredivisie for the Premier League. Malacia said: “It’s an incredible feeling to have joined Manchester United. This is a new chapter for me, a new league with new team-mates and a tremendous manager [Erik ten Hag] leading us. I know from playing against his teams in the Eredivisie, the qualities that he has and what he demands of his players. “Whilst I know that I am still young and will continue to develop, I can promise the United fans that I will leave everything on the pitch every time I pull on the red shirt. I’ll always be thankful to Feyenoord for all they have given to me and my family. None of this would be possible if it wasn’t for them. Now I’m ready to focus on the future with United, and help my new club achieve success.”