Lord of the Rings fans have been eagerly awaiting more news on the highly-anticipated Amazon Prime Video series, The Rings of Power. The series is due to air this September and a new trailer delves even deeper into the adaptation. Fans are given a first look at some of J.R.R Tolkien's legendary characters from the island kingdom of Númenor.  The narrator is heard saying: "There was a time when the world was so young, there had not yet been a sunrise. "But even then, there was light." The characters seen in the trailer are Isildur (played by Maxim Baldry), Elendil (Lloyd Owen), Pharazôn (Trystan Gravelle), and Queen Regent Míriel (Cynthia Addai-Robinson). Additional Númenóreans recently announced include Kemen (Leon Wadham) and Eärien (Ema Horvath). As the trailer continues, viewers meet some of the new mystical creatures whose lands are destroyed. READ MORE: Lord of the Rings series: Amazon boss drops update on Rings of Power  A character is heard warning Galadriel (Morfydd Clark): "You have fought long enough, put up your sword." She replies: "The enemy is still out there, the question now is where?" When warned the fight is over, she says: "You have not seen what I have seen," before viewers witness a community slaughtered. The action-packed teaser features some iconic landscapes from the original Lord of the Rings films.  Galadriel is warned: "Darkness will march over the face of the Earth, it will be the end of not just our people, but all peoples." The characters desperately try to hold on to their ways of life, but they are told: "The past is dead, we either move forward or we die with it." This is the second teaser trailer from Amazon Studios, which was released on July 14. The series is set during the Second Age of Middle-earth and the teaser highlights some of the locations viewers will be transported to in the eight-part series. Fans will bear witness to the Elven realms of Lindon and Eregion, the Dwarven realm Khazad-dûm, the Southlands, the Northernmost Wastes, the Sundering Seas, and the island kingdom of Númenór. DON'T MISS...Lord of the Rings The Rings of Power release date, cast, trailer, plot [INSIGHT] Lord of the Rings Gandalf star breaks silence on Amazon comeback [INTERVIEW] WATCH: Lord of the Rings prequel Power of the Ring trailer [VIDEO]  Key cast members who have already been announced include Elrond (Robert Aramayo) and High King Gil-galad (Benjamin Walker). The series also introduces the Harfoots, including Marigold Brandyfoot (Sara Zwangobani), Elanor ‘Nori’ Brandyfoot (Markella Kavenagh), Poppy Proudfellow (Megan Richards) and Sadoc Burrows (Sir Lenny Henry). Viewers will also meet The Stranger (Daniel Weyman), the Dwarves King Durin III (Peter Mullan) and Prince Durin IV (Owain Arthur), Halbrand (Charlie Vickers), and Arondir (Ismael Cruz Córdova). The epic drama takes place thousands of years before the events of Tolkien’s The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings.  Prime Video said: "It will take viewers back to an era in which great powers were forged, kingdoms rose to glory and fell to ruin, unlikely heroes were tested, hope hung by the finest of threads, and one of the greatest villains that ever flowed from Tolkien’s pen threatened to cover all the world in darkness. "Beginning in a time of relative peace, the series follows an ensemble cast of characters, both familiar and new, as they confront the long-feared reemergence of evil to Middle-earth. "From the darkest depths of the Misty Mountains, to the majestic forests of the elf capital of Lindon, to the breathtaking island kingdom of Númenor, to the farthest reaches of the map, these kingdoms and characters will carve out legacies that live on long after they are gone." The multi-season drama will launch on Prime Video on Friday, September 2, with new episodes available weekly.