Despite the fact many schools have not yet broken up for the summer holidays, several retailers have launched sales on school essentials - including school uniforms. However, the shops are urging parents to act fast if they wish to make the most of the discounts available. For example, Sainsbury is offering 20% off all school uniform, children's and babywear except for Clarks shoes from now until 11.59pm on Saturday, July 9. The firm has an extensive school uniform range both in-store and online. Polo shirts start at £3 for a pair, jumpers from £4 for a 2 pack, trousers from £7 a pair while a two pack of dresses is from £8. Tu also has a sensory-friendly Dressing With Ease range, reports the Liverpool Echo, where touch and close fasteners replace buttons and the softest material possible is used to maximise comfort and encourage independent dressing in children. All of their school uniforms come with a 150-day money-back guarantee so long as you can prove the date of purchase, subject to the terms and conditions here. Meanwhile, Marks and Spencer has also discounted all its school uniform essentials by 20% from now until Monday, July 25. M&S school uniform is beloved by many parents with one of the widest ranges available including easy-on styles, softer more sensory-friendly options, long and standard lengths, a range of fits from skinny to more relaxed fit and one of the widest ranges of different gingham colours and styles if you're looking to buy summer uniform alongside winter clothes in one go to make the most of the discounts. They also say many of their fabric finishes are anti-stain and non-iron, which will cheer up most parents on a Sunday night.  While, as you might expect, M&S clothes come out considerably more expensive than the supermarket options, often the price differences seem bigger because where most packs of shirts in supermarkets come in twos or threes, M&S does packs of five. So suddenly £14 for school shirts doesn't seem quite so bad when you work out it's £2.80 per shirt - although of course this is still almost double an Aldi option - assuming you're able to get your hands on them. Aldi's famous £5 school clothes bundles for boys and girls went live for pre-order on the Aldi website at 8am on Sunday and sold out in popular sizes and styles virtually immediately, although some school essentials are still available at bargain prices including girls' polo shirts at £1.75 for two, pinafore dresses at £6.99 for two, and school shoes and PE trainers starting from £6.99.  They are also selling rucksacks, lunchboxes, pencil cases and all the other things children need for the return to learning. Aldi's school uniform range will be appearing in stores from Thursday, July 7 but shoppers will need to act quickly for the most popular sizes - if the online sales are anything to go by the boys' trousers in particular sell out fast.