Manchester United midfielder Fred was sent off during an ill-tempered pre-season 1-0 defeat to Atletico Madrid after a stamp on former Chelsea striker Alvaro Morata. The Brazilian had already been booked when he planted his foot into the Spaniard's stomach, giving the referee no option but to send him off. The 26-year-old became involved in an altercation with the Spaniard after a 50-50 challenge near the centre circle. The midfielder had already made a dangerous challenge by swiping his boot and catching the Atletico forward on the ankle. As Morata fell to the floor clutching the ball, Fred appeared to plant his boot onto his torso, standing on Morata who yelped in agony and struck Fred's leg. Fred held up his hands appearing to apologise, but the presence of players surrounding the referee ensured there would only be one outcome as the referee brandished a second yellow card and then red in Oslo. The incident, which occurred in stoppage time, capped an ugly match that could barely qualify as a friendly after a succession of fouls and play-acting throughout the 90 minutes as Joao Felix's strike condemned Erik ten Hag's side to defeat. Atletico were up to their normal tricks as they made cynical challenges all over the pitch, disrupting United’s rhythm and it was no surprise that the tension finally boiled over after goalkeeper Jan Oblak appeared to be caught by Scott McTominay. That sparked a huge brawl between the two sides before the matter was dealt with the by the officials, as McTominay escaped with a yellow card.  Marcus Rashford went close within the opening stages but his effort was well saved by Oblak. Then Anthony Martial then should have made it four goals in pre-season after blazing over in the first half. Atletico's best chance of the first half arrived when Angel Correa broke through but the Argentine failed to find the target. But after the interval, Diego Simeone's side looked more attacking as they went for the win. Saul, who returned to Atletico from a disappointing loan spell at Chelsea, almost gave Atletico the lead in the 70th minute but he fired wide, before Felix opened the scoring. The Portuguese star — who has been linked with United this summer — took his time before finding the back of the net from 20 yards out to hand the Spanish side the lead. And United's pre-season schedule ended on a sour note as Fred, who had impressed in the centre of midfield, was shown a red card in stoppage time to hand Ten Hag his first defeat as Red Devils boss.