Ukraine’s forces have stepped up their efforts to attack the occupied city of Kherson, which was one of the first taken by the Russian forces in the early stages of the invasion. Resistance forces targeted a Russian-held bridge on the Dnipro River, leading to the southern city, earlier this week. Footage shows around 18 detonations on the Antonovsky Bridge, which Russian forces use as a supply route into the city. It appears that Russian anti-missile defence systems were not able to deter the attacks. Kirill Stremousov, of the Russian-controlled authorities in the city, said that HIMARS, or high mobility artillery rocket systems, operated by Ukrainian forces, struck the bridge. Anton Gerashchenko, an advisor to Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky, said on Tuesday: “HIMARS dealt another powerful blow to one of the two bridges, which are used by the invaders for a massive transfer of troops. “Let’s hope that this time the Antonovsky Bridge will not withstand the power of the HIMARS missile attack.” Ukrainian leadership had committed to retaking Kherson from Russian control by the end of the summer. Sergey Khlan, a Ukrainian official of the Kherson regional administration, said the “Kherson region will definitely be liberated by September”. He told Ukrainian TV that resistance forces had reached a “turning point” in the fight for the region. READ MORE: China sends troops and tanks to Russia for massive military exercises He added: "We see that our armed forces are advancing openly. “We can say that we are switching from defensive to counter-offensive actions." But one Ukrainian soldier reinforced this message from the ground, insistent that the Ukrainian retaking of the southern region was coming soon. The 31-year-old, known as Barman, told the Telegraph: “We will win, it’s just a case of when." DON'T MISS: Ukraine LIVE: Russian families pull rug from under Putin [LIVE] POLL: Is France to blame for travel chaos at Dover and Folkestone? [VOTE] Report slams hated Brexit legislation for 'FAMINE' of economic impacts [REACTION] He added: “We want other nations to keep sending us weapons so that we finish this war sooner.” Western nations have continued to pour weapons into Ukraine, with the US doubling down on its provision of HIMARS. HIMARS have a range of up to 80km, or 50 miles. The US announced last week they would send four additional HIMARS to Ukraine, after they became the focus of Russian attacks. On Wednesday, Russia's defence ministry said Moscow's forces had destroyed at least 100 US-made HIMARS rockets on July 24. It claimed they had taken out the heavy artillery in Ukraine's Dnipropetrovsk region. Russia has previously claimed to have eliminated a number of HIMARS, which Ukraine called "fake" information. On Monday, Kyiv said HIMARS had destroyed 50 Russian ammunition depots, after Russia claimed last week to have taken four US-supplied HIMARS out of commission.