Lewis Hamilton said there was “no lack of bravery” from Sebastian Vettel after the four-time champion announced his retirement from F1. The seven-time champion claimed Vettel had “stood for much more than himself” as he defended the German’s record of campaigning alongside his driving duties.  It came after Sky Sports host Ted Kravitz asked Hamilton if it takes some bravery to step off the hamster wheel of Formula 1 amid his own retirement rumours. Hamilton responded: “Yeah for sure but there’s no lack of bravery in Sebastian. "He has been one of the very very few drivers in racing history that stood for much more than just himself. He uses his voice in things that I've fought for and stood by me. He’s taken the knee and gone on his own journey and fought for things he believed in for the greater good. “I think he’s just a really beautiful human being and I’m really grateful to have been here during a time that he was racing. Watching his world championships was impressive and I’m sad to arrive today and see the news. READ MORE: Bottas pokes fun at Mercedes situation and responds amid Vettel exit  "But I know whatever he goes and does beyond this will be even better." His comments follow on from a social media post the Mercedes star made moments after Vettel’s announcement. In the post, Hamilton touched on the personal relationship between the pair over years competing alongside each other. The two are the only drivers left on the grid to have both won four world titles each in their career. His post read: “Seb, it’s been an honour to call you a competitor and an ever greater honour to call you my friend. Leaving this sport better than you found it is always the goal. I have no doubt that whatever comes next for you will be exciting, meaningful, and rewarding. Love you, man.” DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton declares love for Sebastian Vettel after retirement [INSIGHT]5 drivers who could replace Vettel at Aston Martin as F1 icon retires [ANALYSIS]Sebastian Vettel fires parting warning to Verstappen and Hamilton [COMMENT]  Vettel announced he had called time on his career in order to spend more time with his family. The 35-year-old German had previously revealed he would decide his future over the summer after admitting there were parts of the sport he no longer enjoyed. Vettel said: “The decision to retire has been a difficult one for me to take, and I have spent a lot of time thinking about it; at the end of the year I want to take some more time to reflect on what I will focus on next; it is very clear to me that, being a father, I want to spend more time with my family. “But today is not about saying goodbye. Rather, it is about saying thank you - to everyone - not least to the fans, without whose passionate support Formula One could not exist.” 