The Prince's charity allegedly received the money from Bakr bin Laden, the patriarch of the family, and his half brother Shafiq. The men are the half-brothers of Osama bin Laden, the mastermind of the 9/11 attacks. The Sunday Times claims that Prince Charles met Bakr bin laden, 76, at a privately at Clarence House in London on October 30, 2013. Osama bin Laden was killed during a US special forces raid in Pakistan two years prior. The Prince of Wales Charitable Foundation (PWCF) is where the money was reportedly deposited. There is no suggestion that the payment was illegal. A Clarence House spokeswoman said: "The Prince of Wales’ Charitable Fund has assured us that thorough due diligence was undertaken in accepting this donation. "The decision to accept was taken by the charity’s Trustees alone and any attempt to characterise it otherwise is false."   According to Sir Ian Cheshire, the chairman of PWCF, the donation was agreed "wholly" by the five trustees of the charity at that time. Mr Cheshire said: "The donation from Sheik Bakr Bin Laden in 2013 was carefully considered by PWCF Trustees at the time. Due diligence was conducted, with information sought from a wide range of sources, including government. "The decision to accept the donation was taken wholly by the Trustees. Any attempt to suggest otherwise is misleading and inaccurate.” Prince Charles has no official role within PWCF and a spokesperson for the Prince said that all of his charities "operate independently of the prince himself in relation to all decisions around fundraising". READ MORE:Royal LIVE: 'Hit after hit' Harry and Meghan suffer '12 days' of hell  Osama bin Laden was the mastermind of the 9/11 attacks which kill 67 Britons and thousands of Americans. There is no suggestion that either Bakr or Shafiq bin Laden has sponsored or been involved with any acts of terrorism. The two are related to Osama bin Laden through there father, Mohammed bin Awad bin Laden. Mohammed became the richest non-royal Saudi national after he founded the BinLadin Group - a construction conglomerate. He died when Osama bin Laden was just ten years old. The rest of the bin Laden family formally disavowed Osama bin Laden decades ago. The Bin Laden family is well repected. 