It’s no surprise that oil stains are the most common blemish found on paving slabs. Whether it’s cooking oil from a backyard barbecue, oil from a leaking car, or grease from vehicle repair, the marks are quite noticeable and ruin the elegant look of your driveway or patio. Fans of cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch have posted on their dedicated cleaning pages their top tips for removing block paving stains using laundry detergent. Posting on Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, one woman asked for advice on how to remove oil stains from her driveway. Melissa Lorna wrote: “Does anyone know what I can use to get all this oil off the driveway? “It’s probably been there for two months so not sure if it’ll come up.” With so much going into the decision of block paving style, shape, and colour, it’s also wise to invest effort and time in cleaning the pavers so you ensure their intended appearance and performance last as long as possible. READ MORE: ‘Guaranteed way’ to ‘kill’ flies in your home with 55p kitchen staple Oil will penetrate readily into a paved area and can be stubborn to remove. However, it will not stain if any spillage is removed promptly with an absorbent material like paper towels or cloth. In most cases, removing oil stains from block paving is a fairly simple task if you just have the right approach and use proper cleaning tools and products. According to Mrs Hinch fans using laundry detergent is not only an “effective” way to remove the stains but is also “cheap”. DON'T MISS: How to remove limescale from shower heads using baking soda [TIPS]Use ‘candle trick’ for the ‘fastest’ method to banish flies from homes [EXPERT]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘30 second’ hack to clean shower doors [COMMENT] Helen Dickinson said: “I used laundry powder rubbed in with a bit of water and brushed the paving. The next day I rinsed it and it all came off. “I didn’t have high hopes for this but it was effective. Plus it’s cheap.” Dawn Cliffe commented: “Powdered laundry powder, mix with a small amount of water until you get a thick paste, plaster it over the oily area and leave for as long as possible, up to a week or two. “Do it when the weather is dry, don't be tempted to wash it off too early. “Either let the rain do the job for you or after a couple of weeks wash off, always worked for me. Repeat if needed.” Alisha Cohn replied: “I’ve tried baking soda, vinegar and washing up liquid and nothing seemed to shift the stains. “Then I used laundry powder after seeing it recommended on this page and it works the best.” Gemma Harvey wrote: “I agree with washing powder. Works wonders.” Lydia Day added: “Washing powder is really good as it lifts oil. “Mix it with water to form a paste and rub it in then leave to soak for about five minutes then wash off. If you have a jet wash then use that.” Laundry powder can be picked up from Asda for £2.20 and works out at 5p per use. Mrs Hinch fans are not alone favouring this method as cleaning experts at Fantastic Services claimed that laundry detergent is an “easy and cheap way to handle the tricky spots”. They suggested: “Let the cleaning agent sit on the oily stain for about 15 to 30 minutes before washing away.”