From July 6, the National Insurance threshold increased over £3,000 which meant a tax cut for around 30 million workers. Britons will not start paying tax until they make £12,570. According to the Government, this tax change will result in an overall tax saving of around £330 a year. However with the threshold lowered, many could lose access to National Insurance contributions towards their state pension. Currently, state pension age in the UK is 66, however this could rise in the upcoming years. The amount of state pension someone receives depends on how many years they worked that counted as a qualifying year. READ MORE: Energy bills could soar to £500 in January alone! Stark warning amid new price cap fears Britons now earning below £12,570 will miss out on those vital National Insurance credits that can be put towards their state pension. To get the full basic state pension, employees need at least 30 years of National Insurance credits. Buying a full extra year costs around £825 and will give someone 1/35th of their entitlement. Over the course of retirement, this can be a very good way of boosting one’s state pension payments - while others will be eligible for credits to improve their National Insurance record. READ MORE: Dragons' Den reject labelled 'ill prepared' - Product went on to make £96million There are many benefits that come with automatic National Insurance credits. The benefits include: However, others like Statutory Sick Pay (SSP) will only be worth credits if you manually apply for them. But people can fill in the gaps by making voluntary contributions if they don't have enough. On the Government wesbite, it states that people pay mandatory National Insurance if they’re 16 or over and are an employee earning above £242 a week or self-employed and making a profit of £6,725 or more a year. It helps people build their entitlement to certain benefits, such as the state pension and maternity allowance. The Government hiked National Insurance by 1.25 percentage points in April this year. However from April 2023, the Government will be introducing a new Health and Social Care levy. While National Insurance will return to its normal rate from this point, the extra tax will be collected through the new levy. It is this which older Britons should make themselves aware of, as it could impact them depending on circumstances. The new levy will be paid by state pensioners who are still working, in what has been considered to be a shock move. The Government has stated that those above state pension age will pay the new levy. The Government has outlined which pensioners will be affected, with full details available via its website.