Mrs Hinch is a cleaning influencer with more than four million followers on Instagram. She often posts cleaning tips and tricks with her fans who, in turn, have created Facebook pages in her honour. On one Facebook page, with over 100,000 members, one member wanted to know how to get rid of ants. Amanda Beard said: “Hi, has anyone got a pet friendly way to get rid of ants please?” The post was inundated with comments in minutes, with many cleaning enthusiasts offering their best advice. Many suggested natural methods using ingredients usually found in household cupboards. Carol McCormick wrote: “I spray my windows sills inside and out with a mix of white vinegar and water. “I was overrun with them but hardly see any now.” Julie Blackshaw recommended a mixture containing lavender oil. She said: “They really don’t like lavender – mix lavender oil with water and spray.” Many Lee advised: “Mix half a mug of Borax and half sugar with a mug of boiling water till dissolved. “And then put in little caps out of the way of the animals. The ants love it, will take it back to the nest and it will destroy it. You can put it in bottle caps.” Vicki Keane commented: “I mix half baking soda and half icing sugar and sprinkle it over nests or wherever ants are and it seems to work. “We had ant issues a few years ago, was a nightmare, several nests popping up and always getting in the house between February/March and late summer. Filled in holes around house so they couldn’t get in and started using this homemade mix outside and they have all disappeared this year.” Maureen Endicott wrote: “Black pepper – they don’t like it.” Julie Hughes recommended: “Mix a paste of icing sugar and bicarbonate of soda, works every time for me.” Irene Mitchell simply said: “Talcum powder.” Interestingly, Christine Ann revealed that ants “can’t stand the smell of cucumber”. Pauline Erskine added: “Cinnamon and vinegar.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Others suggested talcum powder too. Nicki Harris wrote: “Talc or anything of the same consistency, such as flour.” Sandra McLean commented: “White vinegar water.” Karen Jane Edwards added: “Boiling hot water.”