Andy Ruiz Jr has called out Anthony Joshua for a rubber match as the ‘Destroyer’ claims there is unfinished business to be settled. The pair have fought on two occasions and are currently one apiece in their rivalry. Ruiz Jr handed Joshua the first loss of his professional career as he shocked the world by stopping ‘AJ’ in the seventh round of their short-notice contest. When they rematched six months later, however, it was an entirely different story as Joshua comfortably outboxed his adversary from range to claim the unanimous decision victory. Joshua will be hoping to bounce back in the same way when he faces Oleksandr Usyk again on August 20. After dropping his WBA (super), WBO, and IBF titles to the Ukrainian in September, the Brit looks to become a three-time heavyweight champion in his most important fight to date. Regardless of whether or not Joshua beats Usyk next month, Ruiz Jr believes he is due a trilogy fight with the Watford powerhouse. "Of course, that's something we should have done," he told iD Boxing. "Once he beat me over there, there should have been a trilogy. I should have had one more opportunity to get back those belts just like we gave him the opportunity with the rematch. "Things happen, he lost again to Usyk and the best man wins. Of course, there has to be a trilogy. Even if he loses or wins, or if I lose or win, there has to be a trilogy someday and somehow." When asked who he thought was going to win between Usyk and Joshua in Saudi Arabia, Ruiz Jr gave a very diplomatic response but admitted that he believes Joshua will make the right adjustments. "If Usyk doesn't do the same thing I did [he can win], I'm sure he doesn't because he's been on top of the game in cruiserweight and undisputed in cruiserweight," he continued. "I think it could go either way. I know Anthony Joshua has a new trainer in Robert Garcia, he's over there trying to show him the Mexican style to be aggressive, throw a lot of punches, to be first, to come at him. But Usyk is an awkward fighter, he's an awkward lefty fighter, it's why we picked a lefty as well in case we have to go through Usyk. "Even in sparring it's a little tricky but we adjust to it, I'm pretty sure if Anthony Joshua has been sparring a lot, because that's exactly what helps us and having different styles in there, he can adjust."