Better Call Saul’s sixth and final season is just a few episodes away from its hotly-anticipated finale and fans are still yet to see Breaking Bad legend Jesse Pinkman (played by Aaron Paul) and Walter White (Bryan Cranston) make their cameos. In the meantime, episode nine ended with the devastating bombshell that Kim Wexler (Rhea Seehorn) wanted to end her marriage to Jimmy McGill (Bob Odenkirk) after seeing the deadly and disastrous consequences their scheming had. Jimmy/Saul was left shellshocked when his other half packed her bags and revealed she was leaving their dysfunctional marriage behind. Not only that, but Kim quit being a lawyer, seemingly desperate for a fresh start after blaming herself and Saul for the murder of her former mentor Howard Hamlin (Patrick Fabian) at the hands of Lalo Salamanca (Tony Dalton). Kim told Jimmy it wasn’t for falling out of love with him as to why they should split, but rather the harrowing consequences of their actions when they’re together. This heartbreaking scene proved to be the last of Jimmy fans have seen as moments later, AMC viewers were transported forward to when the scheming lawyer had well and truly transformed into Saul Goodman. READ MORE: Julia Clark Downs title card: Who was Better Call Saul star? Fans got a peek into Breaking Bad era Saul’s life as he awoke in his lavish and garish mansion ready for another day of representing Albuquerque’s wrongdoers. Whether this time jump remains a permanent fixture going forward and if this is the last fans have seen of Kim remains to be seen. However, what the time jump has done is open the door for Walt and Jesse to appear and cross paths with Saul. And now, showrunner Peter Gould has addressed how Kim’s “choices” will come into play in regards to the Breaking Bad duo’s return to AMC. When asked by Deadline if Walt and Jesse’s appearance is a consequence of Kim’s actions in episode nine, Gould said: “Well, certainly, the choices that Kim has made… “The choices that Jimmy has made, yeah, absolutely,” he teased. The Better Call Saul boss added: I’ll say that I really love the way these characters are woven together into this final group of episodes. “I think it’s really cool,” Gould concluded staying tight-lipped but confirming Kim is tied to Walt and Jesse’s stint. DON'T MISS:Better Call Saul: Were Howard and Lalo's bodies found in Breaking Bad?Better Call Saul season 6, episode 9 streaming: How to watch onlineRhea Seehorn real name: What is Better Call Saul star's real name? Fans will have to tune into episode 10 and the rest of the second half o season six to find out exactly how Kim is linked to the two. But with Kim failing to appear or even be referenced in Breaking Bad, it’s a mystery that fans cannot wait to be solved. The other big question mark is whether fans will see Kim again altogether. Kim star Seehorn added to the publication about the Jimmy split scene and her future. She said: “Listen, regardless of whether or not we see Kim again and in what capacity, this was a monumental ending of an era of their relationship. “I thought it was handled so beautifully in the writing by Ann Cherkis and the direction by Michael Morris… “And really just how Peter Gould is assembling these last couple of episodes.” Better Call Saul season 6 continues Monday on AMC in the USA and Tuesday on Netflix in the UK.