Manchester United are reportedly eyeing Ruben Neves in case their pursuit of Frenkie de Jong fails. And that news comes months after it emerged the Red Devils' board believed the midfielder would have no trouble adjusting to life at Old Trafford due to the presence of Cristiano Ronaldo and Bruno Fernandes. The former Porto star has long been on the fallen Premier League giants’ radar and, this summer, it’s possible a deal will take place. Earlier in the week, talkSPORT host Alex Crook claimed United were interested in both Neves and Youri Tielemans in case their pursuit of De Jong fails. The Barcelona star is the Red Devils’ priority target, with Erik ten Hag determined for John Murtough to strike a deal. But, if United are unable to bring in the 25-year-old, then Neves could be pursued instead. Crook said: “I think they should probably walk away sooner, to be honest, bearing in mind the first contact between Manchester United and Barcelona was the middle of May – we are almost in the middle of July. “This is a ridiculous situation. It has been a saga for too long. Either it’s going to happen or it’s not. “I know Manchester United have a back-up list. Youri Tielemans is on that list, as I understand it, as is Ruben Neves from Wolves. Man Utd transfers: The mouthwatering XI to tackle Brighton with 5 new signings “I would call Barcelona’s bluff now and say ‘either you sell him to us, or we will pay the same money and sign Ruben Neves’. “He’s a player who is proven in the Premier League.” And this twist comes after 90min claimed in January that the United hierarchy were big admirers of Neves. It was stated at the time that the Red Devils felt the Portugal international would ‘have no problems settling in’ due to the presence of Ronaldo and Fernandes. Ronaldo has been linked with a move away from Old Trafford this summer. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Man Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leave Man Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong But United are adamant their prized asset isn’t for sale and that he’ll be with the squad this season. Fernandes is set to play a key role at United for many years ahead, having signed a new contract earlier in the season. Yet while Neves would be a good signing for the fallen Premier League giants, any deal could be difficult. Wolves have made it clear they’d want around £100million for their prized asset, with manager Bruno Lage saying in April: “What I know is we have a special player here with us. “What he is doing this season is very good. “I think also the way we play, he can show a better Ruben, and also the way he plays puts our team on a different level. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. “When you have that player, the best thing to do is improve his salary and years of contract. “But who knows, when you have a top player like him in that specific position, that can defend and attack, and is a top professional and a great man, the big teams are there with £100million to buy these kinds of players.” For now, United’s priority remains De Jong. But it’s looking increasingly as though the Barcelona star will end up staying in Catalonia. Fabrizio Romano has today provided an update on De Jong, saying the midfielder ‘respects United’ but would rather remain at the Nou Camp. ”I want to clarify one thing, Frankie is not refusing Manchester United, he’s refusing to leave Barcelona it’s something different,” he said. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “He respects Manchester United. So the point is not Man United or these kinds of stories, it’s about Barca. “He wants to continue with Barca he wants to play for Barca and he loves the city. “He bought a new home a few weeks ago in Barcelona, so you know, he just wants to stay this is the point. “But my opinion is pretty clear. The Manchester United proposal is a very good one and you have Erik ten Hag, the chance to play in the Premier League, the best league in the world. So it’s a very, very good one. “But I know that Frankie really loves Barcelona. It’s his dream. It was his dream to play for Barcelona. So I understand his position.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here