The Conservative Party leadership race is down to its final five candidates, who will go face to face tonight in the second televised debate of the contest. Former chancellor Rishi Sunak is currently in the lead in the eyes of his peers, followed closely by Penny Mordaunt, with the final three comprising foreign secretary Liz Truss, Kemi Badenoch and Tom Tugendhat. MP for Hampshire and Fareham and Attorney General for England and Wales Suella Braverman is the most recent participant to be knocked out of the running to be Britain’s next Prime Minister. With a few more rounds needed to whittle down the contenders to a final two by the end of next week, a series of debates and hustings will take place to garner more support from fellow MPs in order to accumulate more votes to win. The first TV debate took place on Friday, July 15, which saw a mix of pitches and some surprising performances. Currently placing last in the overall race, MP for Tonbridge and Malling Tom Tugendhat went full steam ahead during the 90-minute long Channel 4 programme and got himself the most votes from viewers participating in the Opinium poll.  READ MORE: Raworth slams Tugendhat’s hopes of winning Tory contest   He surprisingly exceeded frontrunner Rishi Sunak, as well as bookie’s favourite Penny Mordaunt and the rest, with a score of 36 percent believing he performed the best. Critics described Mr Tugendhat’s performance as authentic and off the cuff, which certainly went down well with viewers. Will it be the same again? Tonight, the second televised debate will take place where rivals will take to the podiums to convince Tory MPs they have what it takes to replace Boris Johnson as next Prime Minister, but how can you watch it and when? The second televised Tory debate will air from 7pm on Sunday, July 17.  Entitled ‘Britain’s Next Prime Minister: The ITV Debate’, it will be aired live on ITV. The programme will also be available to watch live on the ITV Hub, as well as on ITV's catch-up service following its airing. The next leadership race debate is scheduled to take place on Monday, July 18 on Sky News. DON'T MISS:Tory leadership LIVE: Shocking new favourite emerges [REPORT]Liz Truss's voting record: What the Tory leadership hopeful stands for [INSIGHT]Tory Leadership: Rishi storms ahead as Brexiteer pushed out [ANALYSIS]    The third round of voting will also take place on Monday, July 18, where MPs will vote again for the favoured candidate based on what they’ve seen so far. Results are expected at 8pm. The candidate who receives the least amount of votes will be knocked out of the running. The fourth ballot is scheduled for Tuesday, July 19 with results expected at 3pm.  The final day of voting is scheduled for Wednesday, July 20, with results expected at 4pm. The 1922 Committee confirmed the aim was to whittle the contest down to a final two by July 21. When the contest reaches the final two, around 160,000 Tory party members will vote for a winner in a postal ballot, with hustings held over the course of July and August for voters to grill the remaining candidate. The winner of the Tory leadership race and next Prime Minister will be announced on Monday, September 5. 