Princess Beatrice's husband Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi has a palace back in Italy where his family are descended from. The palace is so beautiful according to its Instagram page, it could rival a royal residence. Princess Beatrice and her husband Edoardo mainly divide their time between The Cotswolds and London along with their 10-month-old daughter Sienna. However, they also have another incredible home they can visit for holidays in Italy. Edoardo's family own a spectacular 18th-century property known as Villa Mapelli Mozzi in Ponte San Pietro. This is a small town an hour's drive from Lake Como in Italy. Complete with 13 bedrooms, two libraries, an outdoor swimming pool and 18,000 square feet of space, it has all the amenities of a royal residence. READ MORE: 'The body does not lie': Inside Sophie Wessex & Edward's marriage It would also make an incredible holiday home for Beatrice, Edoardo and their baby Sienna. Edoardo is a property tycoon and runs an Instagram page called @villamapellimozzi where he shows what the inside of the home looks like. Each room is a reflection of the home's rich Italian heritage, with grand stucco ceilings as seen in the dining room. There are hand-painted doorways and regal chandeliers in the dining room, and an extensive table with chairs lining either side in gold metal.  The second dining room has Venetian marble flooring, and a smaller table lined with olive green chairs and floral cushions. There is a fireplace below a large mirror at one end of the room, next to a glass cabinet showcasing some china. Guests can also retreat to the billiards room for a game of pool or read a novel from the yellow bookshelves. This room is painted cream and has a massive chandelier. READ MORE: Pippa Middleton buys new £15m property in Berkshire for growing family Edoardo’s property is so grand that tall archways and Venetian marble floorings can also be found in the corridor. Tall French doors open up onto the garden. At night, the building is lit up via warm yellow lights. Candle lanterns are positioned at each walkway within the garden for a sweet touch. The living room features wooden flooring, plus very brightly coloured furniture including a red armchair, a green armchair and a side table decorated with a floral tablecloth.  This room also has floor-to-ceiling windows, plus a blue and cream floral armchair. Royal fans regularly comment underneath Edoardo’s posts of his ancestral home on Instagram. Instagram user @bteresa66 said: “Fantastic.” Regarding one of the rooms inside, @raffy_bi wrote: “What a nice room!” Royal watcher @cristinastuder commented about the gardens saying: “I love this courtyard and this atmosphere. “The play of shadows and leaves is pure magic.” 