Busisiwe "Busi" Lurayi, who starred in Netflix's comedy series How to Ruin Christmas, has died aged 36. The heartbreaking news was confirmed in a statement by Lurayi's family, which was shared by the actress' talent agency, Eye Media Artists. The statement confirmed that Lurayi died on Sunday at home. "We are deeply saddened to notify you of the passing of our beloved Busisiwe Lurayi," the Instagram statement read. "Busisiwe passed away suddenly and was pronounced dead at her residence on Sunday by medical personnel. "The reason for her death is still unknown as we await the results of the autopsy report. "We humbly request that you allow us as the family to come to terms with this tragic news. READ MORE: Gordon Ramsay's co-star Fred Sirieix on savage chef offscreen "We thank you for the support that has been given so far and will provide further information as soon as it has been made available," the family added. Eyes Media Agency captioned the post, "Rest In peace @busi_lurayi." The actress is survived by her daughter, who was seen in her last Instagram posts two weeks ago. Eye Media Artists indicated the family is trying to “come to terms with this tragic news". Prior to her death, the South African actress portrayed the character of Tumi Sello on Netflix's How to Ruin Christmas, which debuted on the streaming platform in 2020. The comedy series followed Tumi as she attempted to right her wrongs after ruining her sister's Christmas wedding. The show’s official synopsis read: “A reluctant bridesmaid to the core, Tumi arrives the day before her sister's traditional wedding day and manages to upset almost everyone. "Can she make it through this holiday family reunion without running it completely?" DONT MISS:Alison Steadman consoled by Paul McCartney after John Lennon snub (PHOTOS)Michael Ball 'absolutely devastated' as he cancels show with Alfie Boe (NEWS)Madonna, 63, in busty display she enjoys game night with her children (LATEST) In December last year,  a second season of the show, titled How to Ruin Christmas: The Funeral, was released. This year, the show was renewed for a third time. Netflix’s Instagram account typed while announcing the news: "Here we go again. #HowToRuinChristmas: The Baby Shower is currently in production.” Her additional on-screen credits include the South African sitcom City Ses’la and its spinoff Ses’Top La. She also starred in the drama Wild at Heart, and a 2006 episode of ER. In 2006, she won the Golden Horn Award for Best Supporting Actress in a TV Comedy for her work in City Ses’la. She also bagged the award for Best Actress in a TV Comedy in 2011 for the same role.