Scrapyard Dynasty has just arrived on Quest and Terry seeks to turn old cars into cash. Terry works alongside his wife of 37 years, Lyndsay, and his children, but they don't always see eye to eye. Terry and Lyndsay spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about what to expect from the TV series. Scrapyard Dynasty follows the Walker family and the daily trials and tribulations they face at their place of work. The series airs weekly on Tuesdays and it provides interesting insight into how the family business is run. Terry told Express.co.uk that he loved being around his wife and children during all hours of the day. He said: "You get used to [being around family], a week feels like a day every single day. "We find the days just fly by because we are always doing something, if we are not very busy we find something to do. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Amelia Spencer is not pregnant as she is ill "We all work together and we cover each other's bases, not saying it goes perfect all the time. "But in the main when I look back I think they are all doing a super job and it's testament to what they are like as a team." On why shows delving into family life are so popular, wife Lyndsay believed it was due to the fact they are "down to earth". She said: "We are just normal and that's what people like, it's sort of like they are your friend. "It just relates to other people's everyday lives, it's like they actually know you and think of you as part of their family." Terry and his family are recognised all over the world by people who have been following their business venture. Every day is a new day at the scrapyard and there is always something unexpected happening. On the show's appeal, Terry said: "It's like the stresses and strains of business and life. "You are seeing it and it's not scripted, and people can relate to it. "It's like it's a little piece of us in every family out there. There are no airs and graces with us. DON'T MISS... Emmerdale theory: Paddy Kirk divorces Chas Dingle in affair discovery [THEORY] Wheeler Dealers experts open up on intense 'emotional pressure' [INSIGHT] Wheeler Dealers star left 'crying' after helping a father with illness [INTERVIEW] "What you see is what you get, it's not like acting, we are just being ourselves. "You see the stresses and the highlights and the happiness." Terry is in the process of taking a step back from the family business and letting his children take the reins. However, he finds it hard to let go completely, saying: "I always say prepare yourself for what might come. "Every day is different, it's very positive, don't get me wrong, we have our ups and downs like any other business. "I'm trying to teach as I go along so they have got the skills to carry on. "At the start of the pandemic, I decided to start working from home and see if I can make it work. "The lads took to it and it started to work so I have just stuck to that. "All my instincts want me to go in and show them how it's done but I keep thinking if I do that, they are not going to learn. "So I try and stay home as much as possible, I'm getting told off these days for doing work at home."  Watch brand new series Scrapyard Dynasty weekly on Tuesdays, at 9pm on Quest. Catch up with episode 1 and stream the series on Discovery+.