The monthly tracker poll by the Washington DC based Democracy Institute for Express.co.uk asked 1,500 likely voters which care they would compared the embattled Biden regime to with almost half (47 percent) choosing a “clown car” and less than 1 in 10 (9 percent) saying a Ferrari. It comes weeks after the US President was mocked about falling off a stationary bike and amid huge concerns over the direction of the country in terms of the economy and foreign policy. It comes as Jason Miller, the chief executive of the social media platform GETTR and a close ally of Donald Trump, confirmed the former US President is expecting to make a comeback bid for the White House. Miller, who was an election media guru for Mr Trump, told Express.co.uk: “Trump will run again and I will be alongside him.” The polling reveals that there is a hunger for Mr Trump to make a return to the White House with three quarters (74 percent) of voters saying America is “going in the wrong direction” under Biden. Meanwhile, 55 percent now believe Trump was a better President than Biden in a dramatic reversal of opinion since the election in 2020. Only 43 percent think Biden is better still. If the two are pitted against each other in 2024 Trump would win easily with 48 percent to 43 percent of the vote. However, it is understood that Trump’s camp think Biden “will not be allowed to run again.” Less than a third of those survey (32 percent) think Biden could be reelected compared to 65 percent who think he can’t. Amazingly, Americans have such a low opinion of their President that 56 percent would prefer him to be removed from the White House ahead of Putin from the Kremlin. The economy is the biggest problem with Biden having a 62 percent disapproval rate on handling the economy and 68 percent now expect a recession in the next year. Meanwhile, a combined 55 percent put economic problems as their top concern - inflation, jobs and a shortage of baby formula in shops. READ MORE: Embattled Boris CAN'T crush Labour six point lead - poll When asked which car symbolises the Biden Presidency given a choice of four Americans gave a brutal assessment with 43 percent saying a “clown car”. In comparison just 9 percent went for the high performance Ferrari, 21 percent the big family SUV and 27 percent the function Civic Honda. Democracy Institute director Patrick Basham said: “Grocery cart inflation is now the highest in 42 years. With falling real wages, two out of three Americans tell the Gallup poll that high petrol prices are causing them actual hardship. “No surprise, then, that President Joe Biden and his Democrats continue to feel the voters’ wrath. DON'T MISSLottery legal fight could see £600m ‘ROBBED from good causes fund’ [REVEAL]EU can't be trusted! Britons do not think bloc is serious about Ukrain [REACT]Britain's never had it so good, says PENNY MORDAUNT [INSIGHT] “Biden’s approval rating is the lowest to-date in our monthly Express.co.uk poll tracker; his disapproval rating is the highest yet. “Biden’s Democratic party remains on course for a serious drubbing in November’s midterm elections. “Respective Democratic candidates in swing congressional districts and competitive senatorial contests are battling hot political headwinds that show no sign of abating across a scorching summer. “A political tipping point occurs when a moment, event, or issue signifies the de facto end of a party’s chances of winning an election. “The past few weeks probably signified the tipping point of this year’s congressional election.” Polling took place across the US with 1,500 people registering as "likely voters" between 28 and 30 June.