Craig Rowe made his A Place in the Sun debut earlier this year where he has been travelling overseas to find Channel 4 guests their dream holiday homes. Ahead of joining the programme, Craig received a touching message from his co-star Laura Hamilton who has been on the show for the past decade. Craig recently opened up to Express.co.uk about how his 20-year relationship with Laura began.  The Bristolian presenter exclusively spoke to Express.co.uk about his friendship with A Place in the Sun favourite Laura. When asked about his co-hosts, Craig explained he knows them all to varying degrees, but the one he has known for the longest is 40-year-old Laura. "Certainly the one I've known the longest is Laura because we worked at an auction channel many years ago before she was the megastar that she is now," he gushed. "She's just always been wonderful," he continued: "When we're together we got on well." READ MORE: Carol Vorderman distracts fans with 'annoying' habit When Craig landed a presenting spot on A Place in the Sun, Laura was quick to send him some words of support. Craig said: "She sent me a message saying, 'Congratulations, if you need any advice or any other thing, let me know.'" Laura has been a regular on A Place in the Sun since 2012 and has become a fan favourite. Before becoming a property expert Laura started her career presenting children's television programmes.  She's hosted Fun Song Factory on Nickelodeon and has worked behind the scenes on Channel 4 shows including Big Brother and The Games. Craig makes regular appearances on QVC and has hosted the gadget section on This Morning to update ITV viewers on the latest technology available to buy. The 49-year-old has been getting to know his A Place in the Sun co-stars over the past few months. "When lockdown ended, there was a little get-together, so I met some of them there," he added. DON'T MISS...A Place In The Sun’s Craig Rowe issues housing warning [EXCLUSIVE]A Place In The Sun: Craig Rowe on sweet message Laura Hamilton penned [EXCLUSIVE]A Place in the Sun's Craig shut down as buyer's spot 'problem' [LATEST] Craig revealed he has become "really good friends" with Leah Charles-King who is another new face to the property show. "We got the job at the same time," Craig explained. "And we now kind of chat every day and we support each other. He quipped: "And well actually, she's kind of become my unofficial girlfriend." Craig, who has been in a relationship with his partner Paul for about four years, added: "When you start a job at the same time with someone I guess you have that sort of bond."  Leah's background is also in television and in 2001 she became the first black female continuity presenter on CITV in its 45-year history. She's also worked for the BBC, Disney Channel, Channel 5 and Sky over the past two decades. When joining the show she said her dream is to build her own place in the sun in Grenada, Spain, with her parents. A Place in the Sun airs weekdays at 4pm on Channel 4. 