Former Aston Villa striker Gabby Agbonlahor has suggested that Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola may not see Chelsea as title rivals this season after allowing Raheem Sterling to complete a £50million move to Stamford Bridge. Thomas Tuchel's side finished 19 points off champions City last season, and Agbonlahor believes that Guardiola can cope without the England star at the club next season. “I think they will look at it and go ‘[Julian] Alvarez has come in now’, they have got [Jack] Grealish, [Phil] Foden, [Riyad] Mahrez, they have got so many options it makes sense to get some money in,” Agbonlahor told talkSPORT. “Balance the books with the players you are bringing in, and it suits both parties. “I don’t think Pep is the sort of manager that will be bothered about what is happening at other clubs, to make another club stronger. He will think ‘He has been an amazing player for me, but I have got so many options I still back myself to finish above Chelsea’. “Or maybe they don’t see Chelsea as title rivals, maybe Manchester City only see Liverpool as rivals for the title because of how far Chelsea were off them. Maybe that comes into it as well.” Transfer news LIVE: Two Man Utd signings close, Ronaldo offer, Chelsea medical Sterling was announced as a Chelsea player on Wednesday as he joined up with the Blues on their pre-season tour of the US. The England international is Tuchel’s first signing of the summer and the German boss will be hoping that he can help move them closer to last season’s top two. "Hopefully he shapes our team by just being who he is," Tuchel told BBC Sport. He will be a huge asset for us. For me, he is a huge player, with a huge influence in the last years in English football and he's in a perfect age to now take responsibility around young players that we have and be an example. DON'T MISSArsenal facing heartbreak as target outlines why Newcastle have transfer edgeRonaldo 'receives £210m Saudi Arabia offer' with Man Utd ready for bidMan Utd's Martinez announcement plan surfaces after 'broad agreement' reached "Getting what he delivered for years given his age, his hunger for responsibility, and his style of play and his amount of intensity is outstanding. It is the benchmark in the Premier League and is exactly what we need." Sterling won four Premier League titles with City and is aiming to pick up more silverware after his move to London. “I’ve obviously achieved a lot in my career so far,” Sterling said. “But there is still so much more to achieve and I’m really looking forward to doing that in a Chelsea shirt, under Thomas’s management. “London is my home and where it all started for me, and it’s amazing I now have the opportunity to play in front of friends and family week in, week out at Stamford Bridge. I’m really looking forward to meeting the fans there soon. I can’t wait to get going now and continue to do my talking on the pitch.”