However, just two percent say children and young people who need help are getting routine referrals within the government's four-week target. The research also warned children were waiting twice as long as adults to access specialist support.  Experts agree that most mental health problems start in childhood and adolescence, and support should be available as soon as possible to stop issues causing lasting harm. A survey of doctors, conducted by Pulse and analysed by Young Minds, probed waiting times for Children and Adolescent Mental Health Services across England. More than three quarters said waiting times for routine help stretched to three months on average, with a third reporting waits of more than a year. Even more telling was the verdict from 35 percent of GPs that adults get routine mental health appointments twice as fast as children. Urgent CAMHS appointments were also taking twice as long, claim many GPs. The Commission on Young Lives released further warnings yesterday that the children's mental health system was not fit for purpose, with incidences of self-harm, attempted suicide, anxiety and behavioural difficulties have become more extreme since the pandemic. It is calling for the future Prime Minister to establish a £1billion post- Covid recovery fund to improve the quality and speed of services. The government mandated a maximum four-week wait for children and young people to receive care, ranging from advice and support for them and their families to specialist assessments and care plans. But GPs have been swamped with record numbers of young people struggling with anxiety and depression after lockdowns.  NHS statistics showed a record 90,789 had referrals in March this year, with growing alarm about the severe and long-term mental health problems that might develop. "Young people are routinely failed, with severe consequences for their mental health, their futures and in many cases their basic safety," said Tom Madders, Director of Communications and Campaigns at YoungMinds, which analysed the findings. "It makes no sense to have a system where young people have to wait for mental health support. 'We're a long way from our targets' "The overwhelming majority of mental health problems start in childhood and adolescence. Getting the right support as early as possible can make all the difference." The Sunday Express is campaigning for community support hubs to be available for all of the UK's children and adolescents, to provide early intervention help. The Pulse research, which sur- veyed 440 GPs, also found fewer than a quarter of urgent cases are seen within a week by CAMHS and 23 percent of GPs reported that children in need of rapid interventions were waiting on average more than a month. Around 40 percent of doctors said average waits for routine eating disorders referrals were exceeding four weeks, with 18 percent having to wait for more than six months. "These findings are extremely worrying and further highlight the difficult experiences young people tell us they have when they seek help from NHS mental health services," added Mr Madders. "We know NHS staff are doing their best, but without the right funding and support for services we will remain a long way from meeting targets for how quickly young people should be seen.  "The Government has acknowledged how bad things have become, and has promised a 10-year plan to improve things, but there is an urgent need for immediate action. "The current political uncertainty is happening at a time when referrals to CAMHS are escalating. "Every month that goes by leaves thousands more children let down by the system. "This month YoungMinds launched its End The Wait campaign, calling for an end to the crisis in young people's mental health. Whoever is leading the country in September must re-commit to making the 10-year plan a reality, and young people's mental health an urgent priority."  Amy Dicks, from The Children's Society, said: "Even before the pandemic, many children and young people were being turned away by overstretched mental health services or facing unacceptable delays in accessing vital help. "Now the situation has got worse still, with successive lockdowns causing enormous harm to children's mental health. "It is placing even more strain on frontline services which are struggling to recruit and retain staff."  The government claims it has made significant investments and improvements to cope with rising demand and has pledged to provide access to help for an extra 345,000 young people by 2023/24. It has pledged funds to provide more schools and college-based mental health support teams that will cover three million children and young people, around a third of pupils in England, by next year.  