On Monday, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex made their first public appearance since returning to the UK for the Platinum Jubilee celebrations. The couple arrived at the UN headquarters in New York, where Harry delivered the keynote speech to mark Nelson Mandela International Day. Speaking on Channel 5's Jeremy Vine, royal commentator Emily Andrews discussed Harry's speech but claimed that, despite its good delivery, it "lacked substance". Ms Andrews said: "I [have] covered the royals, reporting the royals for ten years, so I have heard Harry speak in this vain before. "I was not impressed." Speaking on a personal experience of speaking with the 37-year-old, Ms Andrews said: "Harry's told me himself that he finds public speaking really difficult. "He's very very nervous about it". READ MORE: Prince Harry branded 'blinkered young man' as Meghan shuts down 'offensive British banter' Although she claimed the delivery was "brilliant", she added, "I just think he needs to sack the scriptwriter." She said that "all the tenants in there were great".Harry chose to speak about a variety of "important and relevant" topics, from the war in Ukraine to the Roe vs Wade court case. Despite talking about Mandela, Ms Andrews claimed that it "lacked any, kind of, substance". She also added that she thought the speech could have told us to be "more positive, quite frankly." READ MORE: Royal POLL: Should Meghan and Harry stay away from politics? Ms Andrews also pointed out that Harry didn't mention when he and Meghan met Graca Machel, Mandela's second wife, in 2019. Nelson Mandela International Day was established by the UN's General Assembly in 2009 to honour Mr Mandela's life and legacy. Mr Mandela, then aged 91, asked people to celebrate him by supporting their communities. DON'T MISS Royal Family LIVE: Meghan ‘hated comparisons with uncomplaining Kate' [LIVE BLOG]Kensington Palace: The 'sumptuous' home of Kate and William [REVEAL] William and Kate set to be 'summoned' to Windsor by the Queen [INSIGHT] Meghan, dressed in all-black attire, was in attendance to support her husband. During his speech, Harry mentioned Meghan, calling her his "soulmate". He also paid tribute to the close relationship his late mother, Princess Diana, shared with Mr Mandela whilst she worked in support of charities in Africa. Mr Mandela was a close friend to the Royal Family, the only person outside of relatives allowed to address the Queen as Elizabeth. READ NEXT: