Ferrari chief Mattia Binotto has admitted that he is glad that Mercedes are back in contention alongside themselves and Red Bull, as it means that Lewis Hamilton can take points off Max Verstappen as Charles Leclerc and Carlos Sainz attempt to chase down the Dutchman in the driver standings. Hamilton claimed a podium while Sainz took his first-ever F1 win as Verstappen had to relinquish the lead in Silverstone when he pit early due to picking up a problem when he drove over debris on the track. “I am happy that Mercedes are back," Binotto told Sky Sports F1. They were very competitive today in the race. It is great for the championship but they can take off some points as well to our direct competitors." Binotto was seen after the race having a stern talk with Leclerc, who was frustrated that he was not able to overtake team-mate Sainz and the Monegasque eventually finished fourth. Leclerc however claimed that Binotto was just trying to cheer him up. “I had the old hard tyres and obviously everybody around was on soft so I was struggling massively,” he said. “At the end I gave my absolute best but it wasn’t enough and it’s obviously disappointing. “He [Binotto] wanted to cheer me up and that’s it. We’ll have to look at the global picture. I only have my picture of my race and in the car sometimes you don’t have the full picture.  On my side, I feel like I’ve lost a little bit too much time in the first stint and especially in the first part of the second stint, but this is only my view and it might change once I see the full picture.” READ MORE: George Russell in horror crash as car flips upside down at British GP Jenson Button did not believe that Binotto was just trying to cheer Leclerc up however. “I always cheer my friends up with a good finger wag," Button told Sky Sports F1. “It’s a tough race for him. He broke his wing on the first lap of the race in turn four with Checo, but he had good pace still. “He was pushing his team-mate round and in the end they swapped them over, gave him the lead, but the bad pitstop call at the end there with the Safety Car. It’s happened again, there’s the same thing in Monaco. So it’s tricky. I don’t know whose decision it was but obviously that cost him the victory.” DON'T MISSF1 star Alex Albon airlifted to hospital after nasty British GP crash [INSIGHT]Verstappen livid over team radio as Lewis Hamilton leads British GP [PICS]George Russell hits out at FIA rule as Mercedes launch appeal  [COMMENT]  Hamilton's podium came after the seven-time world champion admitted that he was struggling to keep pace with the two Ferraris. "I gave it everything today," he told reporters. "I was trying to chase down those Ferraris but congratulations to Carlos, they were just too quick today for us. "At the end, I was in amongst that battle but those guys were just too quick for me on the straights. I'm so, so grateful for the hard work the team did to get an upgrade here. We've made a step closer, so we've got to keep pushing." Hamilton could not resist taking a jab at Verstappen after the race, while complimenting Leclerc. "Charles did a great job, what a great battle. A very sensible driver, clearly very different to what we experienced here last year [with Verstappen]." 