Student nurse Andrea Taylor, 20, from Billinge, Merseyside, was gored to death in Thailand in 2000 after the animal charged at tourists during an obedience display at a park. But Save The Asian Elephants (STAE) has found at least 1,200 UK firms still promoting 277 overseas venues with the giants allegedly "broken in by torture" to do tricks, play games and give rides. Andrea's sister Helen Costigan, who with her dad Geoff was badly injured in the same tragic incident, has voiced her anger at a lack of a block on the ads in Britain. She said: "A ban of advertising such tourist sites would greatly help to stop visitors from knowing about these places and stop humans profiting from animal abuse. "The delay and lack of government interest in the ban is endangering the lives of UK tourists and allowing the abuse to continue. "My sister died due to our lack of knowledge about the abuse and suffering the elephants in Thailand face. Andrea Taylor's life should not be in vain." Cheshire-based Helen, 46, added: "Over the last 20 years people have started to educate themselves and recognise that not all tourist attractions with animals benefit the life of the animals concerned. "However, year after year, people don't either realise or are blind to the horrific abuse animals such as elephants face when being forced to interact with humans." Duncan McNair, chief executive of STAE, said these methods can involve isolation, deprivation of food, water and sleep, and beatings with rods or chains to break the animal's spirit. He said: "Unethical operators have for years broken promises of change. An end to advertising these places is long overdue. "In May 2021, the Government pledged legislation 'to ban the advertising and offering for sale here of specific, unacceptable practices abroad'. "The ban would replace chaotic, failed self-regulation with compulsion of law, steering the market to ethical sanctuaries where elephants are observed behaving naturally from a respectful distance, throwing a lifeline to the species." The Animals Abroad Bill was intended to ensure that cruel animal practices overseas were not supported by the UK consumer market. But the Bill was dropped from this year's Queen's speech. Brexit opportunities minister Jacob Rees-Mogg and Commons leader Mark Spencer have been blamed. Mr McNair said: "Public backing for change is over 90 per cent. Support straddles the political divide. Why has Government stalled?" He added: "The travel lobby is unrelenting. "The majestic Asian elephant in its pain and peril cannot wait forever. The ban is needed now." There are estimated to be fewer than 45,000 Asian elephants alive today, with 40 per cent of them kept in cruel captivity for exploitation The Government said it remains committed to exploring options to prohibit the advertising. A Defra spokesman said: "Animals that are part of tourist attractions are often subjected to cruel and brutal training practices. We urge UK tourists to opt to visit higher welfare attractions and experiences abroad." To supply tourist "attractions" across south-east Asia, baby elephants are snatched from the wild and protective mums killed. They are completely broken by isolation, starvation and torture. Half die while survivors are kept isolated and brutalised to perform rides, tricks and selfies. Asian elephants' sensitive backs are damaged by constant riding and heavy loads, their feet rot on hard concrete, while hot roads burn soft footpads. Stabbings and fierce wire bindings cause sepsis. Isolation brings torment, shown in repetitive swaying and head bobbing. Work is often till death. All this threatens the species' role as "megagardeners of the forests", which are vital to halt climate change. Provoked elephants are deadly. STAE's research reveals 716 tourists and others killed with 932 badly injured. At Thailand's Nong Nooch resort student nurse Andrea Taylor was killed by a repeatedly stabbed Asian elephant. Her father and sister barely survived their injuries. Years later, without safety measures, this place is still promoted by 119 UK firms. Other dangers abound. Broken-down elephants transmit deadly airborne pathogens. Handlers are ruthlessly exploited, defenceless refugees trafficked to supply more. The horrors are concealed to the huge and growing UK market, with a third of Britons visiting Thailand pre-pandemic saying they had or wanted to ride an elephant. Unethical operators have for years broken promises of change. An end to advertising these places is long overdue. In May last year the Government pledged "to ban the advertising and offering for sale here of specific, unacceptable practices abroad". It would replace failed self-regulation. Public backing for change is over 90 per cent. But Tory MPs, notably Jacob Rees-Mogg, have urged that the Conservative way is "freedom of choice". Wiser counsel must prevail. The majestic Asian elephant in its pain and peril cannot wait forever.