Tim Henman poked fun at Pat Cash after the Aussie claimed he reported for BBC punditry duty straight from the Royal Box at Wimbledon on Friday. The duo, along with outgoing host Sue Barker, had plenty to discuss ahead of Cameron Norrie vs Novak Djokovic on Centre Court. Crowds had already flooded into the All England Club by the time coverage got underway on Friday, with many expecting to see Rafael Nadal play Nick Kyrgios as well as Norrie's showdown with Djokovic. But Nadal's abdominal tear forced him to withdraw from the tournament on Thursday, giving Kyrgios safe passage to his first Grand Slam final. Before the discussions got underway, Cash explained to Barker and Henman that he had just about made it to the TV studio on time after dining in the Royal Box. Impressed, Henman jokingly mocked: "Did they have a couple of people pull out?" DON'T MISS: Wimbledon LIVE: Protest planned during final to reverse long-standing rule Cash then drew laughter from his co-presenters by adding: "It’s fine, I finished the four glasses of wine before I came on air so this will be a good interview," before clarifying: "I'm joking." With the trio sitting next to what was previously termed 'Henman Hill', attention soon turned to Norrie who has a chance to better Henman's best Wimbledon run by beating Djokovic on Friday. Support for the Brit has soared over the past few days, with the landmark now playfully called 'Norrie Knoll'. Norrie breezed past American duo Steve Johnson and Tommy Paul to get to the quarter-finals, before he had to find an extra gear against David Goffin in the semis. Despite going down 2-1 in sets, the Brit fought back to win the final two and continue his Wimbledon dream. With an altogether sterner test on the horizon, Henman and Cash stressed the importance of Norrie hitting the ground running against Djokovic. "There’s no room for slow starts or easing your way into the match," claimed Henman. "The start is also important for the crowd. If Cam can get an early lead, the crowd have got something to stick their teeth into. We’ve seen on numerous occasions that Djokovic doesn’t really like that." Cash continued: "[Playing in a home tournament] isn’t easy. The good thing is that you’ve got the crowd behind you, which is a huge advantage. But there’s all the requests, the well-wishes. "It’s all nice, but it can drain your energy by the time you get out there. Djokovic won’t be affected by crowds against him, though he does get upset from time to time. Norrie is new to a lot of people, so this is something really exciting for the crowd."