Dr Michael Mosley revealed that the 400-600-600 weight loss rule is a good one to follow if a person wants to lose some weight. This strategy means slimmers would consume 400 calories for breakfast, 600 for lunch and 600 for an evening meal, and it's a dieting hack he believes will help reduce rising obesity rates. Public Health experts have developed the weight loss rule as adults were found to consume around 200 to 300 more calories than they need each day. And over time, these extra calories can cause unhealthy weight gain. Dr Mosley explained in his column for the MailOnline: "A number of recent trials have shown that, done properly, a rapid weight loss diet is safe and can be far more effective than the standard slow and steady approach." While acknowledging that calories are not the only factor in a person's weight loss journey, he added: "A few years ago Public Health England (PHE) ran a campaign encouraging us to aim for '400–600–600'. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake He continued: “This adds up to only 1,600 calories a day, and it applies to men and women — though you could boost those calories a bit with the occasional snack or drink. "With most of us overeating by around 300 calories a day, aiming for 400-600-600 could reduce rising rates of obesity. "Based on this and other research on successful long-term weight losers, these are my Golden Rules for keeping to a healthy weight.” PHE found that adults consume around a quarter of their calories when eating out, for example when grabbing a supermarket meal deal for lunch. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] These snacky meals which could include a sandwich, sugary soft drink and a packet of crisps can contain up to a whopping 800 calories. Whereas the recommended daily intake for calories is 2,000 for women and 2,500 for men, Dr Mosley believed it should be 200 to 300 calories less than the current UK Government guidelines. The 400-600-600 campaign aims to provide adults with a simple tip to help them make healthier choices, while also being able to enjoy "a couple of healthier snacks and drinks in-between". Dr Alison Tedstone, chief nutritionist at PHE, explained: "It’s clear that excess calories are driving weight gain for many. READ MORE: Fitness: How to 'increase fat burning' in a heatwave - expert advice "Busy lives and too much food mean we’re often eating more food than we realise – especially when we’re grabbing food out and about." She went on to say: "This can have a significant impact on our waistlines and our health. "The 400-600-600 tip can help people make healthier choices when eating and drinking on the go." Dr Mosley revealed this method used alongside his "golden rules" for weight loss, could help people shed pounds successfully. "Based on this and other research on successful long-term weight losers, these are my golden rules for keeping to a healthy weight," he said. They include: Ditch unhealthy food Keep a food diary Get more active Build up a support network