Baroness Brady, 53, said she “very much enjoyed” seeing Prince Charles, 73, receive a ‘cheeky invite” earlier this week to enjoy a pint of beer with a member of the public in Birmingham. The Apprentice star said it was “great to see” how the heir to the throne was able to still enjoy “humour”, as its appeared other “members of the Royal Family" have “lost” their sense of fun. Karren typed: “I VERY much enjoyed a video of Prince Charles being asked to ‘go for a beer’ with a member of the public in Birmingham this week. “The heir to the throne chuckl­ed in response to the cheeky invite, asking the chap, ‘Where?’.” The entrepreneur also seemingly made a reference to Prince Harry and his wife Meghan Markle. She added in her The Sun column: “It’s great to see that some members of the Royal Family still have a good sense of humour.” Prince Charles went for a royal walkabout last week through the heart of Birmingham's Victoria Square ahead of the Birmingham 2022 Commonwealth Games. He arrived at the Waterloo Street end of Colmore Row in a black car shortly before 5pm on Thursday, July 28 and quickly stepped across the finishing line of the marathon without breaking a sweat. At the same time, he checked his tie was still in position. Waiting to greet him just to his immediate left-hand side was the Lord Mayor of Birmingham, Cllr Maureen Cornish. She was wearing her chain of office and would later have a special task in store for the prince at the end of his visit. Fresh from visiting athletes currently living at the University of Birmingham's halls of residence in Edgbaston, Prince Charles was led into the main part of Victoria Square by the West Midlands' deputy lieutenant Martin Levermore, who used his right arm in a direct fashion to point his royal guest in the direction required for the visit to run like clockwork Daniel Walker was walking to Brindley Place to meet his mates for a drink when he spotted the Prince of Wales meeting crowds. Daniel was a little late finishing his shift at E-liquids.com in Bennetts Hill, leaving just before 6pm instead of the usual 5pm. But the timing was just perfect to allow him to ask Prince Charles if he would join him for a drink. The 32-year-old explained to Birmingham Live: “I had to stay a bit later at work and left at 5.50pm and was walking to have a beer with friends in Lulu Wild in Brindley Place.