Liz Truss has seen her candidacy coming under question because of her siding with former Prime Minister David Cameron and campaigning against Brexit in 2016. The Foreign Secretary was put on the spot as ITV News journalist Julie Etchingham asked Tory leadership candidates to put up their hands if they voted in favour of Brexit, leaving only Ms Truss and Tom Tugendhat with their hands down. She was forced to defend her position, insisting she had shown with her work since the referendum she had accepted and embraced the results of the referendum.  Ms Truss cited the international trade deals she struck with countries outside of the EU as a sign of her commitment to delivering for the people of Britain. Ms Truss said: "The reason I'm trusted on Brexit is, since 2016, I've put my shoulders to the wheel and I've delivered. "I've delivered multiple, dozens of trade deals in the department of Trade, including one people said wouldn't be possible with Australia and Japan. "I've delivered an entirely new sanctions regime to target Russia. JUST IN: Tory leadership LIVE: Rishi fuming as Truss goes straight for him 'Taxes will choke us!' "And we've led the free world, leading the G7, on targeting Russia." Ms Truss also conceded she might not be the "slickest" of the candidates to be Tory leader and prime minister. She told the ITV debate: "I'm somebody who says what I think, I'm honest, I was brought up in Yorkshire - I say what I mean and I mean what I say. "I'm somebody that, when I promise to deliver something, I do deliver it." READ MORE: 'High stakes!' A fake Brexiteer Tory leader WILL lose next election, warns GWYTHIAN PRINS In a swipe at former chancellor Rishi Sunak, she said that was "one of the reasons I was so concerned about us breaking our manifesto on national insurance because we committed to the British public that we would do it" - the Tories had promised in 2019 not to increase the tax. She added: "I might not be the slickest presenter on this stage, but I think my colleagues understand in Parliament when I work with them that when I say I'll do something, I do it." Despite Brexit remaining a key point of contention among Conservative members, candidate Kemi Badenoch insisted it was now time to move on. DON'T MISS: Next Prime Minister must forge a nimble new nation [EXPRESS COMMENT]Tory Leadership: Rishi storms ahead as Brexiteer pushed out [POLL]Terrifying moment ITV News crew flees Russian shelling attack [VIDEO]  She said: "We have a lot to be proud of. We got Brexit done, and what the Prime Minister did on Ukraine and on vaccines was fantastic," she said. "Serving in Government is not easy. It requires taking difficult decisions. Tom [Tugendhat] has never done that. It's very easy for him to criticise what we've been doing, but we have been out there on the frontline making the case." Tom Tugendhat disagreed, stating he had been on the frontline in Afghanistan, Iraq and "in the argument against Putin and China." She responded: "You haven't taken any decisions, talking is easy." 