A car park near a popular East Yorkshire beach has been surrounded by controversy for a while now. Last summer, hundreds of complaints were posted on Tripadvisor after beachgoers received hefty fines at Fraisthorpe beach. The complaints started after the beach's owner introduced an automated parking system in October 2020 because too many people chose not to pay, HullLive reported. Several motorists described the parking system as “heavy-handed” and “intimidating” with drivers claiming they have been hit with fines as high as £80 for being only minutes late. This year, the controversy continues as motorists blast the car park in Tripadvisor reviews again. One Tripadvisor user called Legal Alien wrote: "Avoid this beach and all others like it that employ car park operators who use bullying tactics of highly dubious legal ethics to prey on unsuspecting drivers. READ MORE: Little-known car cooling tricks drivers should use instead of air con “There are plenty equally lovely beaches up and down the Yorkshire coast that make for a more pleasant day out. Also, avoid if you're not a dog lover." kellyh538 agreed, writing: "Had our first family holiday with our baby and her first trip to the beach. “Had a lovely time exploring the beach and creating lovely memories which have now been ruined with the arrival of a parking charge notice! "I only wish we had read the reviews before visiting this beach as I would have made sure I recorded our parking. DON'T MISS Driver blocked from parking her car outside her home of 25 years [INSIGHT] Electric car owners missing out on money-saving benefits with tyre tip [REVEAL] 'Don't coast': Drivers warned of common fuel-saving hack [WARNING] “To be accused of not paying for parking when you know you have but now unable to defend ourselves four weeks later is an absolute joke! "The beach itself is lovely and the takeaway and restaurant is amazing but if we ever visit the East Coast again we will be avoiding this place. “A shame because the owners have done a fabulous job of the restaurant and is exactly the kind of place we like to eat." MrsH1962 had a similar experience, adding: "Paid for parking using contactless, or so I thought!!! READ MORE: Switching to EVs might not be in the planet’s best interest “Had a lovely walk on the beautiful beach, was back at our car within the hour, shocked to find a month later a £100 parking fine. "Please make sure your payment has gone through when you pay using your card, beautiful place to visit but unfortunately won’t be coming again. Was a very expensive one-hour walk." Peter S also had a terrible experience at Fraisthorpe beach. He said: "Drove elderly mother to Fraisthorpe Beach on the anniversary of my dad's passing to remember fond past times, entry to car park area was necessary as mum is disabled. “Drove along the beach edge, stopped for possibly five mins to reflect, and drove out. "We did not get out of the car - too cold and windy anyway for mum. “Apparently, from driving in to driving out, I was there for 16 minutes - AS THE EXCEL PARKING PCN STATED WHEN RECEIVED THIS MORNING - FINE OF £100!! "No signs apparent (am sure they will have been there, somewhere). Just shocking - BE AWARE FOLKS, has tarnished what was a nice day of remembering. “The beach is lovely by the way - so not a criticism of the landscape." Excel Parking has previously said it cannot comment on every complaint made on Tripadvisor as not enough information is given, but has explained its car parking policy. A company spokesman said: "We cannot comment on each and every complaint made on Tripadvisor as they provide little or no information that we can legitimately investigate. "We would simply re-iterate that parking at Fraisthorpe beach is controlled by parking compliance cameras, to ensure that all visitors pay the appropriate fee for the use of the car park for the benefit and fairness to all car park users. "We would state that all signage on site is to ensure that motorists are clearly aware of their obligations and the Terms and Conditions of use for the site. "Our signage is fully compliant to the requirements of the industry Code of Practice as set out by the International Parking Community."