The Rev William Alfred Essery wrote a 280-page account of his journey in 1881 including a description of a man who went overboard and was never seen again. The SS Ceylon was the first yachting cruise ship that ventured around the globe. It began from Southampton harbour on 29 October, returning on August 22 1882, stopping in countries including India, China and the US. The ship belonged to friends and business partners James Culliford and John Lockie Clarke and were thought to have been inspired by Jules Verne's Around The World In Eighty Days. The journal being sold by Dominic Winter Auctioneers on Wednesday is expected to sell for up to £1,000. The lot includes photos of Mr Essery and letters from himself to the book's dedicatee Miss Anne H Sutton. In his description of the ship, Mr Essery wrote: "She has a spacious main deck, large and perfectly ventilated saloon 8ft 3inch in height and amply and wellarranged domestic offices, which stem her as a luxurious passenger steamer.  "Added to this, an elegantly appointed ladies boudoir and a comfortable smoking and card room have been erected upon the upper deck. Every detail is being attended to with the view of promoting the convenience of the passenger and the pleasure of the voyage." He describes details of life onboard and his excursions to exotic destinations. He also describes a tragic incident where a man went overboard and was never found. His account reads: "The unhappy man had flung himself wildly from the fore part of the ship and must in a few moments have been beyond all human help." Dominic Winter Auctioneers say no other published work of the whole voyage has ever been found, making this journal a unique find.  Its brochure says: "An unpublished manuscript account of one of the earliest commercial pleasure cruises and the first commercial cruise around the world. "While this account inevitably describes a lot of day-to-day life on board ship, Essery was one of the few people that completed the whole journey and gives some interesting accounts of places visited. This manuscript is therefore a potentially unique and historically important account of this first commercial world cruise." The vessel, which had both a steam engine and sails, was built by P&O in 1858 but was barely the size of the smallest cruise liners operating today.  She was bought for a little over £9 - equivalent to £1,192 today - in June 1881. Clarke had dreamt of going into the leisure cruise industry but the concept of such travel was still in its infancy. The ship was refitted to sleep 100 first-class passengers in 49 cabins to allow space for a dining room, a ladies dressing room and a smoking room for gentlemen. There was also a ship's orchestra and a steam-powered fairground organ. But the cruise was not a commercial success, filling under half of its capacity with only 40 paying guests onboard. 