Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag has hailed Mitchell van der Gaag as the duo get started at Old Trafford. The pair have both arrived from Ajax, hoping they can reawaken a sleeping Premier League giant. And things appear to be going well so far as the Red Devils plot a way back to the top. Manchester United chose Ten Hag to be their new manager over Mauricio Pochettino, who was also in their sights. And he decided to bring Van der Gaag with him to England, with the former Ajax coach also moving from Amsterdam to the Premier League. Now, speaking to club media, Ten Hag has hailed the work the 50-year-old has done so far - insisting he’s a born winner. “I think, both Steve McClaren and him, he is a coach from the moment he was born,” said the Dutchman. “Mitchell van der Gaag also had a lot of experience. First, as a player, he played many games in the highest levels in different leagues and, after that, he became coach, also in different countries, at different levels. “So, he gained a lot of experience and most important for these two is they know how to win because they proved it in the past.” Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez On Steve McClaren, he added: “Of course, and that is also a part of the reason I really wanted him. “Of course, he has other competences and capabilities but the fact that he knows the club, I think, is a big advantage for us. “Although it was a long time ago, he still knows the culture of Manchester United.” Ten Hag and United players have now jetted off to Thailand and Australia for the start of their pre-season tour. And, when quizzed on what he expects to learn, the new Red Devils boss said: “No, I don’t know. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen “I just started and I had a few talks and we had 10 days but, in the 10 days, the internationals only came in last Monday. “I have to learn, to know my squad, the personalities, the individuals, the players. “That is, I think, one of the biggest advantages from the tour, we have two weeks to work really close together and we will learn about each other because I want to learn about them and they want to learn about me, my coaches and assistant managers.” Ten Hag has been proactive in United training. Unlike predecessor Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, the 52-year-old has chosen to immerse himself in the sessions at Carrington. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team And, when asked on whether that’s always been his style, he said: “That is my job, to construct a team and to improve the team. “You can do it in different ways or in more ways but, to start, it is out of a philosophy. “And then you build it and go into the individuals, and you give them the rules and principles. “But, also in the positions of individuals, you give them coaching advice, and, in the end, it’s about team results and better team performances so you give them advice to perform into the team.” Then, when asked what style he would bring to United when he takes charge for the first time, he added: “We want to play a proactive style of football – on the ball and off the ball. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. “That is, trying to do that has to be our intentions and it’s now, firstly, the coaches bring it over to the team that we are, in every situation, proactive. “We are brave and willing to have the ball, to give each other options. “But also off the ball, to get the pressing style is what we’re working for together." Ten Hag will be hoping to become the first United manager to win a trophy since 2017, back when Jose Mourinho ruled the roost. They won the Europa League that year, as well as the EFL Cup. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here