The temperatures across the country are set to soar well above 30 degrees this week. With that in mind, motorists are being remained of the need to keep their vehicles well ventilated or risk being slapped with a huge fine. Not using the air con in hot weather could see drivers break rule 237 of the Highway Code. The rule states that motorists must keep their cars “well ventilated”. The rule came into force to make sure that drivers avoid drowsiness when they’re in control of a car. If motorists fail to adhere to the guidance and subsequently lose control of their vehicle they risk a fine of up to £5,000 in the most serious cases. READ MORE: Drivers urged to make use of simple button to boost fuel efficiency As a result of this, motorists are urged to keep their vehicles “well ventilated” as the temperatures begin to rise. This is advised to ensure that drivers avoid becoming drowsy and potentially losing concentration when at the wheel. In warmer weather, drivers are also being warned to be aware of the road surface potentially becoming soft. The same applies in the event of rain after a dry spell of weather as the road could become slippery. DON'T MISS Drivers urged to park in certain places during summer to save fuel [REVEAL] Furious parents slam ‘selfish’ driver for blocking school crossing [INSIGHT] Campervan couple turned away from favourite destination [SHOCKING] These conditions heavily affect steering and braking. The Highway Code also urges drivers to be careful when driving in case they are dazzled by sunlight. Road users are recommended to slow down, and if necessary, stop driving. Although the Highway Code alone is not the law, many of its instructions have legal muscle behind them. READ MORE: Cheapest petrol station in the UK sells petrol for 173.9p Road users who ignore the guidelines could be punished with traffic offences so motorists must be aware of them. The Government states: “Many of the rules in the Code are legal requirements, and if you disobey these rules you are committing a criminal offence. “You may be fined, given penalty points on your licence or be disqualified from driving. In the most serious cases you may be sent to prison.” Drivers are also being warned when wearing summer clothes as this could go against guidance in the Highway Code. Rule 97 states that a motorist’s clothing and footwear should not affect their ability to safely use the controls of the car. This means motorists should be careful when wearing loose or baggy clothes if there is a risk that it could stop them from driving carefully. For example, flip-flops could get caught under the pedals or snap completely, while a long skirt could risk getting trapped as well. If an accident is caused as a result of wearing flip-flops drivers may face a charge of “driving without due care and attention”. This comes with a £100 fine and three penalty points on their driving licence. This can be increased up to a £5,000 fine and nine points on their licence, or even a full ban from driving.