Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's relationship with the Royal Family could be further strained after claims made in a book released this week. Tom Bower, who has written a new book about the Duke and Duchess of Sussex entitled 'Revenge', makes a shocking claim. He alleges the Queen told aides “thank goodness Meghan is not coming” prior to the funeral of Prince Philip. Buckingham Palace declined to comment, in line with its policy to never respond to unofficial books. Various royal experts have covered the tumultuous last few years in the Royal Family. Harry and Meghan struggled with royal life right up until they decided to leave it behind in 2020. Royal author Robert Lacey claimed Harry and Meghan felt "shunted" during their last public royal appearance at the Commonwealth Day service in March 2020. While senior royals like the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, Prince Charles and Camilla were positioned behind the Queen, Harry and Meghan were made to "shuffle to their seats", Mr Lacey said. In his book 'Battle of Brothers', published in October 2020, he said the Sussexes had been "punished". He added that it would have "cost nothing" to include them in the service one last time – as their "abrupt demotion was cruelly apparent". The author continued: "When Harry heard that he and Meghan had been so graphically shunted aside on this final appearance, he was furious. "The subservience of a ‘spare’ – one of the basic reasons for this very sad parting of the ways – could not have been more strikingly illustrated." Harry has plans to write his own book. The Duke of Sussex was planning to release his memoir, and Page Six reported that the book will include "yet more explosive truth bombs”. READ MORE: Penny Mordaunt’s verdict on Meghan's Oprah chat: 'Facts vs feelings' One publishing source told the outlet, "It’s juicy, that’s for sure," while another noted, "There’s a lot of new stories in there about the past that Harry has not spoken about before, about his childhood.…There is some content in there that should make his family nervous." As things stand, it is still unknown when the memoir will be published. Last week, royal sources told The Sun the omission of the Duke of Sussex's book from the latest Penguin Random House listings meant it might not be published this autumn, as previously expected. Speaking to The Sun, a royal source said: "If this book’s coming out this year as originally planned it should be in the publisher’s marketing and promotional list — unless they’re planning a surprise or there’s been a delay. "Its omission has raised lots of eyebrows in royal circles." DON'T MISSPrince Harry 'going for a bit more publicity' ahead of memoir launch [INSIGHT]Prince Harry's book sparks two major threats for royals, author claims [ANALYSIS]Prince Harry 'has poison in blood' Expert warning over duke's memoir [INSIGHT] However, a spokesperson for Penguin Random House's subsidiary publisher Transworld said last week: "We don’t put every book on the list so there is nothing to be extrapolated from that." Harry announced that he planned to write the memoir last July. In a statement, the prince said: "I'm writing this not as the prince I was born but as the man I have become. "I've worn many hats over the years, both literally and figuratively, and my hope is that in telling my story - the highs and lows, the mistakes, the lessons learned - I can help show that no matter where we come from, we have more in common than we think. "I'm deeply grateful for the opportunity to share what I've learned over the course of my life so far and excited for people to read a firsthand account of my life that's accurate and wholly truthful."