When it comes to dressing, Kate Middleton rarely misses. But according to one expert, there is a certain colour Kate likes to wear that may not be traditionally favoured. Alexandra Messervy, founder of The English Manner (the UK’s leading etiquette & protocol consultancy), told InStyle: "Generally it is thought that black is not usually worn unless in mourning."However, the Duchess of Cambridge has on occasion been spotted out in public wearing a black gown. But she's not the first royal to ignore this tradition. Alexandra revealed that Princess Diana also on occasion donned a black gown for evening functions. READ MORE: Kate and Princess Beatrice step out in almost matching dresses Famously, the dress Diana wore to the Serpentine Gallery on June 29, 1964, was black. This iconic number later became known as the Revenge Dress, thought to have been a response to Prince Charles' televised admission of adultery. She wore other black gowns on a number of occasions, just one example being at the London premiere of Dangerous Liaisons in 1989. Similarly, Kate wore a predominantly black gown when she attended the London premiere of Top Gun: Maverick in May. The Duchess turned heads in a floor-length, off-the-shoulder black dress with a white panel across the chest. She paired this with an Alexander McQueen black velvet clutch, £10,500 Robinson Pelham diamond star earrings and black pumps. Royal fans took to Instagram to comment on the Duchess' statement look. @wilbursmithmy said: "Simply stunning and magnificent." READ MORE: Princess Eugenie's controversial style move the Queen doesn't like @evaarenita added: "She's a shining star!!!!" @shazzanruss said: "She's perfect, those earrings." At the England V Wales Six Nations match in February, Kate looked casual yet chic in crepe cigarette black trousers, a black turtle neck and a black and white houndstooth jacket. More recently, Kate wore long, wide-legged black trousers when she visited Little Village Brent. She added a pair of black pumps but injected some colour with a chic white blazer, blouse and clutch. In keeping with tradition, Kate wore a beautiful black gown when she attended the Service Of Thanksgiving For The Duke Of Edinburgh on March 29, 2022. She went for an Alessandra Rich number, the Polka Dot Print Silk Midi Dress, which was black with little white polka dots. She paired it with Gianvito Rossi 'Gianvito 105' Pumps and Cornelia James Alice Gloves With Bow. @andreataylor5648 commented: "She looks absolutely stunning, as always."