One of the many health benefits of drinking a smoothie is that people can improve digestive function as they are naturally high in fibre. This is because the healthy drinks are loaded with all the goodness from fruits and vegetables. And what's more, if they're homemade, they can fill you up without adding too many calories to a person's daily tally. As smoothies have become more and more popular over the years, they have been adapted for certain needs. People can add whatever they want to their drinks to get the most out of it, and nutritionists have developed some specific recipes that can promote fat burning. Try these nutritionist approved recipes: READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake 230 calories 2.5g fat 20g carbs 5g fibre 7g sugar 26g protein Ingredients: One half cup frozen mixed berries Handful of spinach Eight oz unsweetened Silk almond milk One scoop plant-based vanilla protein powder Packed with protein, this drink will give people the energy boost they need to start their day right. Registered dietician Kristin Reisinger said: "Combining a low-calorie, non-dairy smoothie first thing in the morning with a roughly even portion of high-quality protein and good carbs is a great start to anyone looking to lose weight and be healthy. "Starting the day off with a smoothie like this will pull your body out of its overnight fasting state, and the carbohydrates from healthy, mixed berries combined with high-quality protein will give you the quick energy and protein uptake your body needs first thing in the morning without being too much." DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] 300 calories 4.5 g fat 40 g carbs 8 g fibre 21 g sugar 28 g protein Ingredients One apple Handful of kale, deveined One teaspoon matcha powder One cup unsweetened almond milk One scoop plain plant-based protein powder Cinnamon and nutmeg to taste While it looks high in carbs, this smoothie has been hailed a good breakfast substitution due to continuing muscle-building protein and fibre. Founded by registered dietician Miriam Jacobson, she explained it "stimulates fat loss". "The cinnamon balances blood sugar levels, curbing the appetite and preventing aimless snacking throughout the morning hours," she said. "Plus, the matcha powder contains catechins like EGCG that help to stimulate fat loss from storage sites." READ MORE: Michael Mosley weight loss: Remove three foods to stay slim 267 calories 7g fat 24g carbs 9g fibre 10g sugar 29g protein Ingredients One third cup frozen berries One half cup frozen spinach One tablespoon chia seeds Dash of cinnamon Dash of turmeric One cup unsweetened almond milk One scoop vanilla plant-based protein powder Like music to people wanting to lose weight's ears, cutting carbs has never been easier with this smoothie. It's packed with superfoods including spinach and chia seeds which paired with plant-based protein powder, will give people the boost they need to energise their day. Registered dietician Amy Shapiro, who created the drink, revealed the cinnamon also helps regulate blood sugar levels. "I love this protein shake because it's loaded with nutrients but void of excess calories and sugar," she said. "I recommend berries as they are high in fibre, low in calories, and loaded with disease-fighting antioxidants—and chia seeds add 'staying power' as they help keep you full and provide tons of omega-3 fatty acids." She also noted that people should opt for almond milk instead of regular milk to keep calories low. For those with more of a sweet-tooth, experts devised a drink that tastes naughty but still contains all the good things. 300 calories 19g fat 36g carbs 12g fibre 16g sugar 15g protein Ingredients: Eight-10 oz unsweetened almond milk Three quarters of a medium banana, very ripe One tablespoon peanut butter One quarter cup cubed soft tofu One heaping cup steamed and cooled cauliflower florets One half tablespoon cocoa powder (use more if you want it to be super chocolatey) One/16 teaspoon cinnamon Small handful ice cubes Created by registered dieticians Stephanie Clark and Willow Jarosh, the idea behind this sweet-tasting drink is designed to curb people's chocolate cravings without increasing their waistline. And it's less sugar than a pack of Reese's peanut butter cups.