The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge "are expected" to head to Wembley Stadium on Sunday evening to cheer on the Lionesses - England female football team. Royal fans' hopes to see Kate and William were raised by commentator Roya Nikkhah, who wrote on Twitter: "The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are expected to show their support for the @lionesses by attending the #WEURO2022 final at @wembleystadium on Sunday, when England will play either Germany or France." The prospect of seeing Kate and William returning to Wembley Stadium one year after the EURO 2020 final sparked a frenzy among the Cambridges' supporters, with some pleading for the Duke and Duchess to bring their eldest children along. One Twitter user called @lovecambridges_, wrote: "This was such a fabulous match. "Please William go at Wembley on Sunday, we want to see you there with George and Charlotte." Another, @love_cambridge5, tweeted: "Missed watching today but congratulations William, please go to the finals on Sunday, we cannot wait to see you (please bring George and Charlotte too!!)" And @ladyingrid_123 added: "Great news! It would be lovely if they bring Princess Charlotte." Prince George joined his parents at Wembley Stadium on two occasions during last year's EURO tournament - including on the day of the final, which saw the male English team playing against Italy. On that occasion, Prince George donned a suit and tie which matched his father's outfit, stressing he was taking part in an official engagement much like his parents. While Princess Charlotte did not join Kate, William and her eldest brother last year, she is known to enjoy football. READ MORE: 'Arrogance and hubris is staggering' Meghan savaged over move to US In October 2019, the Cambridges' only daughter was spotted sitting on the stands at Carrow Road to watch a Premier League match with Kate, William and George. The family was cheering for Aston Villa, the Duke's favourite football team, who on the day won against the home team. Ahead of Charlotte's seventh birthday in May, royal commentator Jennie Bond also claimed the young Cambridge likes to play football much like her elder brother. She told OK! magazine: "She’s not an overly girlie girl. "She’s quite full-on – she’ll give her brother George a run for his money on the football pitch and she’s quite sporty in general, like her mother." The Duke would attend Sunday's final as the President of the FA - a role he took over from Prince Andrew in 2006. Prince William has shown his support to the English team ahead of the Women's EURO tournament last month, when he visited the squad during one of their training sessions at St. George's Park in Burton upon Trent. After watching how the team was preparing for the tournament, the Duke received gifts for Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis - little team's jerseys with their names and ages. William also relayed to the Lionesses a message from his daughter. He said: "Charlotte wanted me to tell you that she is really good at goal. "She said, 'Please tell them that.' She's a budding star for the future." Prince William also expressed his support for the team by wishing the players good luck on Twitter at the beginning of the tournament. And on Tuesday evening, he penned two messages - signed off with his initial - that clearly showed his admiration and passion for the team. Ahead of the match between England and Sweden, the Duke tweeted: "Good luck tonight @lionesses, the whole country is behind you #WEURO2022". And a few hours later, after the English team earned a spot in the tournament's final, he wrote another message on Twitter, reading: "Congratulations @lionesses on making it to the #WEURO2022 final on Sunday. "The entire country is so proud of everything you’re achieving. We believe in you and will be with you all the way! W" The Lionesses will know whether they are facing France or Germany on Sunday after the two teams' semi-final match takes place this evening.