The HM Treasury states that around 30 million people will see their take-home pay increase and two million people will be exempt from paying National Insurance together. The Chancellor said that the move is “the single biggest tax cut in a decade” and that the “historic tax cut" will be around £6 billion. He also claimed that the threshold increase would give people an extra £330 a year. The increase in the thresholds will affect people who are categorised as paying Class 1 (employed) and Class 4 (self-employed). For self-employed people, the small profits threshold will also increase from £6,515 to £6,725, and the rate per week will increase from £3.05 to £3.15. The lower profits limit for self-employed people paying class 4 national insurance will increase from £9,568 to £11,908. Britons will be able to find out how much they will save with the move with the Treasury’s new online calculator which estimates how the National Insurance changes will affect take home pay. The tool can be found on the Government’s cost of living page at GOV.CO.UK. READ MORE: TV licence: How to get money back on your TV licence fee The tool is designed to give an estimate if a person is employed and paid the same amount monthly, by their employer through the PAYE system. Once on the page, they will just have to enter their annual salary and the calculator will then show three figures. One figure is an estimate of what a person used to pay before the threshold change on 6 July. The second is an estimate of what they would now pay after 6 July. The third is an estimate of the savings that they will make.  People will not get an accurate result if they have different working arrangements which could alter their monthly income. This is because National Insurance is paid on commission or bonuses, overtime, sick pay, maternity, paternity and adoption pay. The tax calculator estimated that workers who are paid £15,000 will see one of the biggest savings of around £337.86. Those on £25,000 a year will see an average saving of around £244 as they currently pay £1,890.16 a year in National Insurance but will start paying around £1,646.16 from July. READ MORE: Premium Bonds: NS&I announces July winners - have you won £1million? Those on higher salaries, such as £50,000, will only see savings of around £10. The higher threshold rate of £50,270 will stay where it is and those earning over this amount will pay a rate of 3.25 percent. The money raised from National Insurance contributions helps to fund the NHS, unemployment benefit, sickness and disability allowances, and the state pension. In September last year, the Chancellor announced that the Government was to increase the rate of National Insurance Contributions by 1.25 percentage points. The Government stated that the increase would go towards the NHS to help with the backlog caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. From April 2023, National Insurance Contributions will return to their previous rate, and the extra tax will be collected as the new Health and Social Care Levy. The levy will also be paid by people over the State Pension age who continue to work.