Newcastle have reached out to Paris Saint-Germain to initiate talks regarding a potential move for Julian Draxler, according to reports. The Magpies have already welcomed three new faces since the end of last season but are widely expected to chase further additions before the new Premier League campaign gets underway at the start of next month. Newcastle have no shortage of money to spend on new players and could reportedly be looking to use their financial pulling power to land a marquee attacker over the next few weeks. Those in power at St James' Park have taken a liking to Draxler and have decided to firm up their interest by holding exploratory talks with PSG over a move for his signature, according to Le10Sport.It is claimed that PSG are looking for a transfer fee of no more than £25million in exchange for Draxler, who has fallen out of favour in the French capital over the last few years. He has been added to the club's 11-man list of players available for a move elsewhere and was not included in their squad for their pre-season tour in Japan earlier this summer.Draxler scored just two league goals for PSG over the course of last season, with the German forward having been limited to a modest tally of 18 domestic appearances. He has struggled to hold down a regular place in the side due to the level of competition for consistent starting spots and looks to be firmly set for the exit door at some point in the not-too-distant future. JUST IN: Everton 'to ditch Alli' despite recent brace as Lampard loses patience That said, it remains to be seen whether Draxler would be open to the idea of joining Newcastle before the competitive action resumes in early August. He has been tentatively linked with a move to the Premier League for a number of years but has never made the switch to England, with Arsenal having been credited with a reported desire to snap him up for some time.The Gunners have not been tipped to move for Draxler this time around, though, which could give Newcastle a free run at the 28-year-old's signature if they decide to submit an official bid over the coming days. However, the Magpies have already been urged to snub Draxler in favour of a move for Real Sociedad forward Alexander Isak in order to improve their attacking ranks before the start of the new season. "He [Isak] didn't have a fantastic season in terms of goals last season, but the year before [he was] brilliant for Real Sociedad," former Newcastle man Darren Ambrose recently told talkSPORT."It’s a lot of money but we've spoken about this before, Newcastle need to make that statement signing. They've not done much so far this summer. They’ve built their foundations, [now they should] make a statement signing. I think he could be one of them." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here