The future Queen Consort will celebrate her 75th birthday on July 17. To mark the occasion, Country Life magazine commissioned the Duchess to guest edit its July 13 edition. Kate also stepped up to the mark to photograph Camilla for the cover image. Editor Mark Hedges said: “We are thrilled to have our Guest Editor captured so magnificently by royal photographer The Duchess of Cambridge. “We understand this is the first time a formal portrait of The Duchess of Cornwall has been taken by The Duchess of Cambridge for a magazine and we are honoured to have been chosen to be the first to publish this beautiful image. “The photographs are superb and we would be delighted to offer The Duchess of Cambridge another commission!” The magazine’s Features Editor, Paula Lester, added Kate had taken her role “very seriously”. She said: “The Duchess of Cambridge took her commission very seriously and was incredibly professional about the task at hand,” says Paula. “She phoned me to discuss our requirements for the cover and subsequently composed a range of beautifully shot images.” Camilla herself added: “We had a lot of fun doing it. READ MORE: Camilla beams at adorable 75th birthday cake "It was very relaxed and, of course, very kind that the Duchess of Cambridge came with her camera. "She's an extremely good photographer and it was all very casual.” The Duchess of Cornwall also stood up for her role, and has been commended for shaping a special issue of the popular magazine. DON'T MISS: Andrew to remain firmly 'off stage' despite settlement [REVEAL] Charles and Camilla's Coronation plans unveiled [REPORT] Meghan and Harry blasted for staying silent on 'dramatic' Camilla coup [OPINION] Country Life wrote: “Once The Duchess had set out exactly what articles she wanted to appear – and who she wanted to write them – Paula, along with a small, but incredibly efficient team at Clarence House, led by Assistant Communications Secretary, Natalie Hegarty, set about making The Duchess’s vision for her issue into reality.” The Duchess also earlier this week enjoyed an early birthday celebration with the Oldie magazine. At the event, Camilla was gifted a cake with iced items representing some of her life’s pleasures, including reading and gardening. In a speech, she noted she would like to follow in Prince Philip’s footsteps in terms of his leadership style. The Duchess said: “The Duke of Edinburgh’s philosophy was clear: ‘Look up and look out, say less, do more – and get on with the job’ – and that is just what I intend to do. “Both he and Her Majesty have always been the very touchstone of what it truly means to ‘get on with the job’, and an inspiration to each one of us here to do the same, whatever our age.”