Advancements in surveillance technology and increased reliance on smart devices have caused a perfect storm for cybercriminals looking to steal data, hold users to ransom or surveil their targets. It comes as a recent study, from a family law firm, also revealed one in five spouses use spy gear including installing spyware on their partner's phones. Smart appliances in the home have increased by 300 percent as people are becoming more reliant on devices that promise to make their homes safer and their lives easier. It comes as software development company BespokeSoftwareSolutions told Express.co.uk that one in five spouses use spy gear such as tracking devices, dash cams, and spying software on mobile phones on their partners before a divorce. Alarmingly, a recent report by Which? revealed that a home with smart gadgets could be vulnerable to 12,000 hacking attacks in a single week. The company created a fake smart home and set up a range of real consumer devices including televisions, thermostats, smart security systems and a smart kettle.  The investigations revealed a deluge of attempts by cybercriminals trying to break into the devices. At one stage, the devices reached as many as 14 hacking attempts every hour. This confirmed that most devices were able to fend off an assault but a wireless camera was successfully targeted and a stranger used to attempt to spy on the home. The company found that the vast majority of hacking attacks come from Russia, China, India, the Netherlands and the US READ MORE: Russia install ‘satellite blinding’ laser system Hacking is not always malicious but can also be used for surveillance, stealing data or ransomware - a type of malware that threatens to publish the victim's personal data unless a ransom is paid. It comes as statistics from Maguire Family Law also show that around 20 percent of exes are engaging in potentially illegal spy activity against their partners. One in five out of the company's 400 clients confirmed that they have used spyware to snoop on their partners. If your phone has spyware installed on it, the device will likely run slower, battery life will weaken fast, and there could be consistent pop-ups and background noise on calls, BespokeSoftwareSolutions said. DON'T MISS: British households contain £16 BILLION of old, unused technology [INSIGHT]China warning: Spy chiefs raise alarm over ‘game-changing’ threats [COMMENT]Energy lifeline: Soviet-era beam tech to tap underground heat [ANALYSIS] Which? reveals ways to reduce the likelihood of attacks by hackers on devices. The company warned consumers a weak default password is the easiest way for a device to get hacked so urges users to change any password that comes with the product. Using two-factor authentication and installing any security updates available is also a good way to keep smart devices secure. They warn consumers to be wary of any phishing messages they may receive, which can enable a hacker to fully compromise the device. 