Meghan Markle and Prince Harry returned to the royal fold for the Queen's celebrations when they returned to the UK for the first time since they stepped down as royals two years ago. Rose Hulse - CEO and founder of Screen Hits TV - had addressed the couple's appearance at the Platinum Jubilee held in June. The entrepreneur, who is married into the British aristocracy after tying the knot with George Richard Hulse in 2017, has addressed the monarchy whom she greatly admires. Rose has admitted she is unsure if the Duke and Duchess of Sussex had purposely kept a low profile or whether the media instead chose to focus on working members of the royal family only. She commented: "It was about the Queen and the monarchy. The working royal family. They chose to leave that. I think it's great that the media focused on the key people. Pushing the royal family, the monarchy and pushing those values. "Whether it was a low-profile or the media choosing to focus on the working royals. That's what it was. READ MORE: Dan Walker blasts 'morons' after BBC star told to work on appearance "[Prince Harry and Meghan Markle] left pretty quick. I think England and supporters of the monarchy put their focus on the Queen and all those that support the Queen and that was great to see." Rose also dished on how she celebrated the Queen's Jubilee as she enjoyed a garden party at the time of the event. "I hosted a Queen's Jubilee dinner at our house in the West Country," she commented. "We had our friends come up. We had a really wonderful jazz band and a garden party to honour the Queen. There were no speeches but there was one toast which was to The Queen." Rose Hulse is the CEO and Founder of ScreenHits TV www.screenhits.tv She continued: "It was just to say thank you. I mean she's given her entire life to this country and she is an amazing woman that I admire and look up to. "What she's done and what she's sacrificed, not just for this country, but for people throughout the world. It's incredible to give your entire life to that. "It was really wonderful to be a part of that celebration and to do something." Rose, who originally hails from California, now resides in the UK with her husband and their two children. DON'T MISS... Strictly's Amy Dowden bids 'sad' farewell after wedding[LATEST]Gogglebox's Roman Kemp storms off set after calling dad 'disgusting'[TV]Joan Collins, 89, 'recovering' after being 'airlifted' to hospital[HEALTH] Her other half is a descendant of the 1st Baronet Hulse, Sir Edward Hulse, born in 1682, who was a physician to Queen Anne and Georges I and II. Rose also dished on her app-based platform Stream Hits TV also founded by the entrepreneur. She explained: "Screen Hits is a streaming space so it's very different from traditional television and paid TV. "Screen Hits was created to eliminate a lot of that fragmentation. We wanted to make the discovery of content easier for the consumer. "People don't realise you can watch the BBC, ITV and all of these streaming platforms for free." Rose went on: "I was finding it frustrating. I just wanted to find all of the content I want in one space. I didn't really see anybody doing that so I saw it as an opportunity. "Growing up in California and seeing all of these big budget movies coming out everyday, and high budget TV shows, and large companies, I always felt international content was just different. It was very localised and I wouldn't be able to connect with it or engaged with it. "But now being at Screen Hits, living here and being a British citizen, most of the content I watch I love, and it's all British. "I have fallen in love with British content. But also the streaming platforms are now managing to integrate a lot of international films. We get to experience so many different worlds now and not just the same thing." 