Novak Djokovic belted out several karaoke hits as he celebrated his Wimbledon victory after returning home to Serbia. The seven-time SW19 winner was greeted in Belgrade by over 10,000 fans before he dined in a restaurant and showed off his singing voice alongside his friends. Djokovic took on Sting’s Englishman In New York along with several Serbian songs, performed by Sasa Kovacevic. He was clearly in a jubilant mood after claiming his 21st Grand Slam title, which was on the table with him as the Serbian sang songs and drank wine to celebrate his achievement. Kyrgios wasn’t pictured in Serbia however, despite the two agreeing to have dinner together and a deal that the 35-year-old would pay as part of their arrangement as the victor on Sunday. During a social media exchange before the final, the pair said that they would spend time together and the Australian offered Djokovic a night out where he claimed they would “go nuts”. Djokovic turned down the nightclub offer during his speech after claiming the Wimbledon title, however, claiming that his wife would not be too happy. But he did insist that the duo, who have developed a “bromance”, would go out for dinner at some point. JUST IN: John McEnroe sends message to Nick Kyrgios after Wimbledon meltdown Kyrgios decided to go to a nightclub without Djokovic hours after his Wimbledon loss. He was joined by his partner Costeen Hatzi and sister Halimah at the Wyld club in London, and they were seen leaving at around 3am on Monday morning. Djokovic and Kyrgios have not always enjoyed a good relationship, as the Aussie previously described Djokovic as a “tool". But after his saga at the Australian Open which saw the Serbian deported, Kyrgios was one of the few players that publicly supported Djokovic and he revealed how much the gesture meant to him.  “I don’t know if I can call it a bromance, yet, but we definitely have a better relationship than what it was probably prior to January this year,” Djokovic said. “But when it was really tough for me in Australia, he was one of the very few players that came out publicly and supported me and stood by me. That’s something I truly appreciate. So I respect him for that a lot.” Before their final Kyrgios posted on Instagram asking if the two were friends now, and Djokovic replied: "If you are inviting me for drinks or dinner, I accept. P.S. winner of tomorrow pays." Kyrgios responded by upping the ante. "Deal, let's go to a nightclub and go nuts," he wrote. "I didn't reply to that because my wife was next to me,” Djokovic told Sue Barker after he got his hands on the Wimbledon trophy. “Let's start with dinner and drinks and we'll see."