Cameron Norrie awkwardly shut down a question about succeeding Andy Murray as Britain’s biggest tennis star after reaching the Wimbledon quarter-final for the first time. A straight-sets victory over Tommy Paul secured the 26-year-old’s route into the last-eight, and became the first Brit to do so since Murray in 2017. Tuesday’s clash with David Goffin will be the first Grand Slam quarter-final of Norrie’s career. The world no.12 could set up a semi-final against Novak Djokovic. Former British no.1 Murray has struggled for consistency since his double hip operation. The 35-year-old, who won at the Championships in 2013 and 2016, was beaten by John Isner in the second round this year. But Norrie shut down suggestions that he is the heir to Murray. Asked if he is the man to succeed Murray, Norrie remarked: “Yeah, I think Andy is still around, so…” Wimbledon LIVE: Nick Kyrgios' dad slams 'hypocritical' officials After the question was rephrased to mean succeeding Murray in the next decade, Norrie opened up and discussed the range of talent coming through British tennis. He added that he is ‘comfortable’ taking on the burden of being the next in line when Murray retires. Norrie continued: “Yeah, for sure. I'm feeling comfortable doing that, and really enjoying playing at this level, first of all. “If I can help any of the younger guys, there's a big group of guys coming through with a lot of talent, a lot of chances to make it inside the top hundred. If I can be that guy to lead them on and to show they can do it... DON'T MISS...'Nadal was impressed' - Nick Kyrgios shares funny post from WimbledonKyrgios fined again for Wimbledon meltdown but Tsitsipas' fee harsherDjokovic draws screams, Alcaraz trip warning, 'Fedal' reunite “I went to college, I can show them a good path, if you can stay professional and make good decisions. I Managed to make the quarters of a slam doing that. I was really pleased with myself. It’s nice to tick another box.” It might be a while before Murray moves away from the sport, though, with the three-times Grand Slam champion insisting that he will continue to play as long as his body allows. However, Murray also warned that competing at the highest level is becoming tougher. He said after losing to Isner in the second round: "If physically I'm in a good place, yeah, I will continue to play. But it's not easy to keep my body in optimal condition to compete at the highest level."