Throughout the four series of the Netflix phenomenon Stranger Things, many fans have speculated about main character Will Byers' (played by Noah Schnapp) sexuality. Many of the characters within the series have entered into their first relationships, whilst Will has remained the only member of the group to stay single. Now, Noah Schnapp has opened up about his character's relationship status and admitted that he is gay. During the end of season four, Will indirectly revealed that he was in love with friend Mike Wheeler (Finn Wolfhard) before breaking down in tears. This led to many fans speculating that Will had, in fact, been in love with Mike for a significant amount of time and finally had some sort of courage to express it, even if Mike didn't realise. Noah has revealed his character's feelings for Mike and told Variety: "It’s pretty clear this season that Will has feelings for Mike. "They’ve been intentionally pulling that out over the past few seasons. Even in season 1, they hinted at that and slowly, slowly grew that storyline. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Amy Wyatt claims her second victim in revenge plot "I feel like [the writers] never really address it or blatantly say how Will is. That’s the beauty of it that it’s just up to the audience’s interpretation. "I think for season 4, it was just me playing this character who loves his best friend but struggles with knowing if he’ll be accepted or not." The speculation from fans came after a scene in season three saw Mike and Will arguing before Mike made a point of saying: "It’s not my fault you don’t like girls." In Stranger Things, season four, volume one, the Hawkins gang had grown up more than ever before as they began to lead their lives separately. Will's love for Mike began to flourish and become more relevant to fans when Mike visited Will and Eleven (Millie Bobby Brown) in California. However, Will felt left out and lonely when Mike paid more attention to Eleven, but things were made worse when the group appeared to forget Will's birthday. The writers of the critically acclaimed sci-fi show had left Will's sexuality up to the interpretation of the audience and explained: "If it’s Will kind of just refusing to grow up and growing up slower than his friends, or if he is really gay." The Duffer brothers also told Variety: "The full arc of the story hasn’t come to pass yet because we really are in episode seven, it’s what we call the end of our second act. DON'T MISS...Stranger Things season 5 theory: Vecna takes on human form? [INSIGHT]Stranger Things season 5 theory: Becky Ives return sealed [LATEST]Stranger Things fans outraged as Max star Sadie Sink dealt major award [WATCH] "So there’s a lot more resolution in the story; we’re trying to do the same with the characters’ arcs. And I would say that applies to Will’s arc." The duo added that "it’s going to be much easier to talk about for everyone, but certainly, his journey and arc is far from finished." Fans have been going insane on social media about the relationship between Mike and Will, with @joppersailed exclaimed: "NOAH SCHNAPP JUST CONFIRMED WILL IS GAYYY." @waitingforbyler commented: "So you're telling me that Mike will reject Will after Noah saying that they have been building up Will's love for Mike for 4 seasons straight?! "Byler is so endgame woohoo!" @crowncami joked: "Rewatching Stranger Things serves as a coming of age love story between Mike & Will goodbye." (sic) @kency09 added: "Idk about y’all, but I’m SO much more interested in the love story that’s between Mike/Will than the one between Mike/Eleven." (sic) Stranger Things season 1-4 are available to watch on Netflix.