Nick Kyrgios has been slapped with one last fine by the All England Club following his run to the Wimbledon final. The world No 40 lost to Novak Djokovic in four sets on Sunday and earned himself a £3k bill for an audible obscenity warning, making his total for the fortnight exctly £15k. Kyrgios has received a parting punishment from the All England Club following his 4-6 6-3 6-4 7-6(3) defeat to Djokovic in Sunday's mens final. The 27-year-old received an audible obscenity warning when he was left frustrated by a spectator shouting between his serves. The Aussie asked chair umpire Renaud Lichtenstein for a first serve after he was distracted and proceeded to hit a double fault, muttering: "It's a fucking joke." He received a warning before asking for a woman who appeared to have had "700 drinks" to be removed from the stands. And he has now been billed £3,000 for the warning, on top of the £12,000 in fines he had totted up during the rest of the fortnight. His first and biggest bill came in the opening round against Paul Jubb, when he called a linesperson a "snitch" and confessed to purposefully spitting in the direction of a spectator. JUST IN: Kate Middleton shares private chat with Djokovic after Wimbledon win  Kyrgios was slapped with a £8,200 ($10,000) fine for his antics in his first match before both he and Stefanos Tsitsipas were billed for the antics in their third-round match. It was the Greek who received the big £8,200 fine after hitting a ball into the stands and hitting a spectator. But the 27-year-old was still fined £3,300 as he called for a "new referee" and called for Tsitsipas to be disqualified. They have all been part of his £15k total, though it will barely put a dent in his £1,050,000 prize money. DON'T MISSBarker thinks Wimbledon crowd proved Djokovic wrong in balcony momentNovak Djokovic drops retirement message after Wimbledon title winWimbledon chaos as untrained staff almost give away free money to fans  The Wimbledon finalist has taken the fines in his stride though, as he joked earlier in the tournament that he would be "fined £15,000" if he copied Alexander Bublik's trick and hit six underarm serves in one game. "I love it, it’s different," he said, showing support for Bublik's antics. "But if it was me, I would be accused of tanking and get fined a minimum of 15 thousand pounds".