Katya Miranova (played by Sasha Clements) made quite the introduction towards the end of NCIS Los Angeles season 13 to finally capture and come face to face with G Callen (Chris O’Donnell). Despite kidnapping the CBS series favourite and his time looking like it could be up, it was Joelle Taylor (Elizabeth Bogush) who saved the day and exacted revenge on Katya by planting a bullet in her head. Callen meanwhile was left stewing in a rigged storage container with it left to Sam Hanna (LL Cool J) to intervene and defuse the bomb. Luckily for Callen, his righthand man pulled the feat off and he emerged able to identify Katya’s body. And Callen showed his gratitude for Joelle by claiming he had no idea who killed Katya to the authorities, making for a rather satisfying exit for the villain in the eyes of CBS viewers. However, since saying farewell to the NCIS LA antagonist, actor Sasha has been keeping fans up to date with her latest goings-on via social media. READ MORE: NCIS LA season 14 theory: Kessler return to haunt Kensi sealed in Katya clue And in her latest post, Sasha shared insight into a rather personal struggle. Approaching it with humour, Sasha revealed she’s suffered from chronic pain and histamine intolerance. Sasha shared a clip of herself looking uninterested and tired with the caption over the top: “POV: you’re breaking up with me but I just ate a high histamine meal.” The NCIS LA star wrote alongside the jokey clip: “The brain fog I used to get before I changed my whole life,” followed by a laughing emoji. She then included a list of hashtags detailing hidden conditions, including chronic pain, urticaria, low salicylate and invisible illness. And it didn’t take long for followed to praise the actor for taking a humorous approach to her health woes. Instagram user @sfield_gino commented: “Glad you are feeling better ... and this is epic.” And @alexstur6 added: “Beautiful,” followed by a series of love heart emojis. DON'T MISS:NCIS season 20: Jimmy Palmer star hints daughter will returnNCIS Hawaii’s Vanessa Lachey on how new role impacted marriageNCIS LA's Daniela Ruah opens up on 'being a jerk' to co-star Elsewhere, High School Musical star Corbin Bleu shared a laughing face emoji as he too saw the funny side of Sasha’s candid post. While @ciaonatalie, @berryhillluke and @claire_renee0 and a number of others all shared love hearts emojis too. While Sasha regularly updates fans on social media, it looks like her time on NCIS LA is up for good. And the star even paid tribute to the “welcoming” cast for making her feel so at home during filming for the graphic and action-packed stint. In May after Katya’s final scenes aired, Sasha penned on Instagram: “Who is she?! Thank you everyone who watched @ncisla! “Coming in as a guest star can feel like being the new kid in school but the cast and crew were SO welcoming! “Such a fun set and an honor getting to work with and learn from the experts!” (Sic) NCIS LA season 14 premieres on CBS in the USA on Sunday, October 9 in the USA. A UK release date is currently unknown.