Brandon Pryde, known as Brandon Geasley, almost smashed the BMW X4 head-on into a police car before eventually colliding with a red Vauxhall on the M60 near junction 27 for Stockport, Greater Manchester. The 66-year-old driver, David Faulkner, also died in the smash, which closed part of the motorway for hours. Police in in Wythenshawe, Manchester, had spotted Brandon, 18, driving the vehicle, which was reported stolen the previous day, and pursued him. Speaking at Brandon's inquest yesterday at Manchester South Coroners Court, PC Jennifer Barrow said she hit speeds of 70mph in the patrol car in a bid to keep up with the BMW, which had false number plates. Brandon eventually ended up using the M60 in the wrong direction, narrowly avoiding a head-on collision with another police car, driven by PC Amy Howell. But the reckless teenager crashed into Mr Faulkner's vehicle, reports Manchester Evening News. Both men died at the scene on May 27, the inquest heard. Brandon's mum, Olivia Geasley, told the hearing her son was a "very quiet, shy, and well mannered boy" who would "lecture his friends when they got in trouble". She said he had wanted to set up a dog breeding business and make his family proud.   Four vehicles were involved in the lengthy chase through Greater Manchester on May 27. PC Barrow, the first driver of the group to pursue the teen, said: "I was looking out for the BMW [as we turned onto Altrincham Road] and up ahead there was a group of cars beyond the Mcdonald’s, probably about five or six cars. I didn’t think anything of it and then one of these cars came out of the group and started to overtake everybody else and speed away. I thought it was the BMW so I put on my emergency equipment and tried to catch up to see whether it was the BMW and to request it to stop." But when Brandon hit speeds of 130mph on the M60, PC Barrow and her colleague ended their search. PC Andrew Cale, who had been on his way to join the pursuit, informed them Brandon had driven back onto the M60, heading down the motorway in the wrong direction. Brandon nearly collided into PC Howell's vehicle before the fatal smash. PC Barrow was asked by Jodie Blackstock, a lawyer representing Brandon’s family, whether her chase was "proportionate" to the crime they suspected Brandon of committing, and she said she believed that the crime and their duty to apprehend him justified the risks of personal injury to either Brandon or other members of the public that arose as a result of chasing him at speeds of 130mph. When asked whether her pursuit had encouraged him to drive the wrong way down the motorway, she said: "There’s five or six exits on that roundabout, he could have taken any of those exits and driven down the right way but for whatever reason he has made that choice to go the wrong way back onto the M60 and if he hadn’t we wouldn’t be sat here today. I’ve not made him go the wrong way round the motorway." A large portion of Ms Blackstock's questioning revolves around the safety of the chase and whether police should have considered any other alternatives available to them to bring the chase to a halt, or whether the chase should have been abandoned when the risks to personal safety rose alongside the speed of the chase, as the risk may have then outweighed the benefit of investigating the crime. There has been no evidence shown in the court to indicate Brandon was the one responsible for stealing the car, and Greater Manchester Police previously charged a 40-year-old man in connection with the theft of the BMW X4. The inquest is set to hear evidence from the other drivers involved in the pursuit, their passengers, and the tactical advisor who was giving advice to the drivers from the control centre, who has been granted anonymity in this case and can only be referred to as D9. The hearing has been listed for five days, and is set to conclude by Friday. An inquest into the death of David Faulkner, who was driving the red Vauxhall hit by Brandon, is then set to begin next week.