The popular Golden Elephant in Douglas responded after the person left a review saying they'd "spent thousands" at the Thai spot over the years. The restaurant told the customer "you have a record of too many complaints" and added that they'd "refused" to serve them on previous occasions in the past. The customer also said that "things weren't always satisfactory" over those times but had regarded all their previous complaints "minor" up until an incident a few weeks ago. According to CorkBeo, the customer said they'd ordered a dish they knew they'd liked, but "this time however it was so laden with salt I couldn't eat it". They added: "I had only eaten a couple of bites it was so salty. I was annoyed, as I don't eat there much now and I don't see why I should pay for something that was not fit for consumption." They went on to say they contacted the restaurant but their phone died and when they got it back on they had three missed calls and a text. "I called the missed call number because at that stage I did not know who it was. It was the owner who asked did I have chili paste mixed in with the dish. I didn't and told him that the paste was fine, it was the dish. I explained it was way too salty. He disputed this, and said I had complained before. "I said I don't think I ever asked for a refund. He basically was telling me I was wrong. He said the chef pre-made it and would have tasted it.  "I said 'well I have had this dish before and it was fine'. I felt he was a little irate and critical. I have been one of their best customers for the first few years. I say I spent more there than any regular customer. I am a big foodie and visit a lot of restaurants. "It's unlikely I will return again."  The post got a response from Ying Nan of the Golden Elephant, who bluntly disputed the person's claim they were a regular. Ying Nan added that they had heard from them in the past over complaints and that they won't be serving them in future. They said: "You are not our regular customer, and you have a record of too many complaints, and I will not serve you again. We have refused to serve you many times long ago." The negative review appears to be an outlier, as the spot gets a lot of praise with one diner saying "they put effort into the food they cook" adding that the "quality is good".  Another said "The food was so good, a wide variety. The smells coming out of the kitchen were amazing! It is clear that this restaurant uses fresh food and high-quality spices etc. I will definitely be visiting again soon as I am already. Craving their spring rolls."