Chelsea completing a move for Leeds winger Raphinha could have serious consequences for Kai Havertz with the 23-year-old at risk of being dropped. Blues manager Thomas Tuchel has previously described the German as the club’s very own Denis Bergkamp - but could still be set to leave the forward on the bench for much of the upcoming season. Havertz has enjoyed a solid stint during his time in west London scoring 14 goals in all competitions last season as he ousted Romelu Lukaku from the No 9 role. However his most notable contribution for the club came in the 2021 Champions League final as he scored the winning goal to bring the trophy to Stamford Bridge. However, his position in the starting line up could come under threat from the potential arrival of Raphinha. The Evening Standard reports that the Blues are favourites to complete a deal for the Brazilian international despite strong interest in the player from Barcelona and Arsenal. Chelsea have had a bid of around £55 million accepted for the Leeds’ star who would prefer to wait for the La Liga runners-up - but financial issues at the Camp Nou look set to take the decision out of his hands with the Yorkshire club wanting to end the transfer saga imminently. The London club have also been heavily linked with a move for Raheem Sterling with a £45m deal agreed with Manchester City. JUST IN: Tottenham have hinted they will make fresh transfer swoop to sign Alessandro Bastoni Chelsea tend to play with a front three and there will be a clear expectation that both of their potential new signings will go straight into the starting line up. This would leave just one space left for another player which is highly likely to be Mason Mount, given the England international’s tactical flexibility and consistency for the club. Tuchel would have the option of switching away from his preferred three at the back formation in order to position Mount in central midfield and Havertz up front. However, this risks nullifying the attacking potential of the club’s impressive wing-backs Reece James and Ben Chilwell. Furthermore, the side has always looked weak defensively whenever they have been forced to play as a four with Thiago Silva’s lack of pace more easily exposed. This means it would be seen as unlikely that Havertz would maintain his place in the starting lineup with Raphinha, Mount and Sterling forming a fluid attacking trio. DON'T MISS...Arsenal new boy Jesus makes Thierry Henry comments ahead of debutLiverpool 'receive improved bid' for youngster to boost Klopp's budgetTottenham 'draw up Clement Lenglet travel plan' as Barcelona deal made Tuchel has previously said he sees some of Denis Bergkamp within the striker. Speaking in an interview for SportBible with Glen Hoddle the German said: “I see a bit of Dennis Bergkamp, Robin Van Persie, (Dimitar) Berbatov kind of player. “He can play in the half position because he has good runs, but also feels free from the nine and creates an overload to one side.” Chelsea fans will not want to see the back of Havertz given his young age and what he has already achieved for the club. However, the German is likely to see more of the substitutes bench should Tuchel complete a move for Raphinha.