Nadine Dorris scolded Good Morning Britain's hosts Ben Shephard and Ranvir Singh for focusing on internal Conservative Party rows "instead of the positives around the country this week". She blasted the morning TV anchors for quizzing her about the increasingly bitter race to replace Boris Johnson as Prime Minister. Instead, the Culture Secretary pointed to the successes of the Lionesses in the Women's Euros as well as the Commonwealth Games which opens later today. This comes as Ms Dorries, who backs Liz Truss, has repeatedly voiced fierce criticism of Rishi Sunak. When asked again about her criticism of the former Chancellor, she fired back: "Shall we talk about the Commonwealth Games, which is why I am here in Birmingham. "There is an amazing buzz in this city. And shall we focus on the Lionesses and on the positives about what is happening this week in this country?" Shephard immediately countered her, saying: "We have been on air since six o'clock this morning, we have been talking about Birmingham every hour, we are celebrating it. "And we are celebrating the Lionesses as well. "But we only get you for 15 minutes so we want to talk about Commonwealth Games but we also need to ask about pressing political issues." JUST IN: Royal Family ‘shut down’ filming for The Crown season 5  Ranvir Singh followed up: "Are you still holding a grudge against Rishi Sunak for turning on Boris Johnson? Because Jacob Rees-Mogg seems to have gotten over it quite quickly. "If so, is that sensible given there are bigger things than your loyalty to Boris Johnson at this stage?" The Culture Secretary grew increasingly fed up with the line of questioning, bluntly responding: "I'm not sure what you are talking about." She continued: "Do I think what happened to Boris Johnson was wrong? Yes, I do.  "Do I think he delivered on his manifesto and got the big calls right? Yes, I do. "Am I disappointed he is gone? Yes, I am. But we have to move forward. Singh had earlier challenged Ms Dorries over the comments she made where she contrasted Liz Truss' £4.50 earrings with Rishi Sunak's £3,500 bespoke suit. DON'T MISS: Princess Beatrice sparked private security row after robbery [INSIGHT]Dorries interview cuts off as cameraman verbally assaulted [VIDEO]Tory leadership LIVE: Boris' route back to No10 exposed [LIVE BLOG]  During her media round this morning, Ms Dorries repeatedly dodged questions about the Conservative leadership race, saying it was not the time to discuss the increasingly bitter rows between Rishi Sunak and Liz Truss. This comes amid reports that she had been asked to rein in her attacks on Rishi Sunak over fears they could divide the Conservatives in the long term. Instead, the Culture Secretary has mostly focused on the Commonwealth Games and the England Women's team reaching the Euros Final on Sunday. Around £778 million of public funding including £594m from the Government has been poured into the Games. The Prince of Wales accompanied by The Duchess of Cornwall will represent The Queen and officially open the competition at the Alexander Stadium in Birmingham in front of more than 30,000 spectators and an estimated television audience of over one billion people. READ NEXT: BBC Breakfast fans blast Charlie Stayt's 'car crash' Nadine interview Dorries hits back at Burley over £778m criticism Dorries interview cuts off as cameraman verbally assaultedTory leadership LIVE: Boris' route back to No10 exposed GB news: Rishi Sunak slammed for campaigning like a ‘novice’ 