Paramount Network’s highly acclaimed western drama Yellowstone ended on a jaw-dropping note after Beth Dutton (played by Kelly Reilly) found a way to manipulate her brother Jamie Dutton (Wes Bentley). With season five on the horizon, the actress dropped major hints on how this will affect his storyline.  Throughout season four of Yellowstone, the Dutton family led by patriarch John Dutton (Kevin Costner) and his children were trying to save their Montana Ranch. Although the ranch had been in their family for seven generations, it was under constant threat by land developers and casino moguls. As John had consistently refused to build or sell on the land, it was in high demand as it was the largest ranch in the United States. With the help of his children, John was able to ward off threats until his family faced attempted murder from an unexpected source. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Robert Sugden's return sealed in Victoria twist Despite being in different locations John, his children Beth and Kayce Dutton (Luke Grimes) were the victims of a shooting and a bombing in the season three finale. While his adoptive son Jamie was left unharmed, it was soon revealed his birth father Garrett Randall (Will Patton) returned and wanted to kill the Duttons. He thought with the rightful heirs of the ranch out the way, Jamie would inherit their riches. However, they survived and eventually discovered who was behind their attempted murders.  When the truth was unveiled, Jamie’s loyalty was tested as he was made to choose between Garrett, who he had recently bonded with, or the Duttons who took him in as a youngster. Eventually, he chose his adoptive family and to prove his loyalty, he was forced to kill his biological father. As he did so, Beth took a photo of his disposing of the body and as it was evidence of a major crime, actress Reilly revealed her character would use it to manipulate Jamie. She revealed: “Jamie is back in the fold because he is owned a bit by Beth, so he has to do what he’s told.” DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Abi Franklin loses baby Alfie for good [THEORY]Yellowstone season 5 theory: Beth Dutton jailed for murder [THEORY]Luke Grimes nationality: Where is the Yellowstone star from? [INSIGHT] Speaking to Gold Derby, Reilly added: “He’s a fabulous, brilliant lawyer so there’s a lot of benefits of having him back fighting on our side. “There’s an interesting dynamic between them back together in the family business.” Throughout the series, Beth and Jamie have shared mutual hatred which began when Beth found out she wasn’t able to have children. As she was in a long-term relationship with Rip Wheeler (Cole Hauser) she felt less of a woman because she could never conceive.  However, it was soon revealed the reason why was down to Jamie, who accompanied her to get an abortion as a teenager. Without Beth’s permission, he consented for her to be sterilised which left her completely unable to have children. With a new power over Jamie, Beth was able to seek revenge and will undoubtedly use his legal connections to her benefit. Yellowstone season 5 will premiere on Paramount Network on Sunday, November 13. 