Liverpool star Mohamed Salah and former hero Dejan Lovren have enjoyed a playful exchange on Instagram - with the Egyptian winger calling the Croatian and telling him to 'not be jealous' about his physique. The pair were renowned for being best mates at Liverpool in Lovren's time at the club before his departure in 2020. Joining Zenit Saint Petersburg for a fee of around £10million, his transfer to Eastern Europe has not deterred his friendship with Salah despite the long distance disparity. And on his Instagram story, Lovren posted a photo of the two comparing physiques - with Lovren claiming Salah told him not to be jealous. "Immediately he called me after my comment and said don't be jealous," Lovren said. "I am not. Little bit ok! I took my shirt off and showed what 100 per cent no photoshop looks like." The photo goes on to show Lovren in the corner of the screen with his shirt off, telling Salah that his torso is not edited at all. And Salah can be seen laughing in the background at the recent Russian league winner. Salah signed a new contract until 2025 last Friday after months of uncertainty surrounding his future. But the Egyptian believes he is 'focused' on what is next as he continues to carve out his superb legacy at the Merseyside giants. “I feel great and [I am] excited to win trophies with the club. It’s a happy day for everyone," he said. “It takes a little bit of time, I think, to renew, but now everything is done so we just need to focus on what’s next. I think you can see in the last five or six years the team was always going [upwards]. Last season we were close to winning four, but unfortunately in the last week of the season we lost two trophies. “I think we are in a good position to fight for everything. We have new signings as well. We just need to keep working hard, have a good vision, be positive and go for everything again.” Liverpool were just two matches from winning an unprecedented quadruple last season, having lost out to Manchester City for the Premier League title on the final day and losing to Real Madrid in the Champions League final. However, with additions this summer, the club could manage to better this season's domestic double.