London mayor Sadiq Khan said he wants to London to host the next Eurovision Song Contest as he stressed “we’re pro-Europe and the fact we left the European Union is a source of real sorrow to me”. Following his remarks, some listeners pointed out that the EU has “nothing to do with the European Broadcasting Union”. The EBU is the organisation behind the contest and brings together several European countries, regardless of EU membership. Mr Khan told Talk TV: “I’d be incredibly proud for London to host the European Song Contest. “We’re inclusive and we are also pro-Europe. “The fact that we left the European Union is a source of real sorrow to me. “We’re outside the EU, but inside Europe. “Having a Eurovision in London, where we’ve got thousands of members of Ukrainian origin and thousands of people from Ukraine who fled Ukraine, would be a great way for us to have the Ukrainian party in London as a party. “We are a city that is proud of its diversity. “We’re an open city. We’re incredibly welcoming. “Who knows? We may even win it." READ MORE: Spain to force Brits to prove they can spend £85 a day Following his statement, user @Brian39224781 commented on Twitter: “EU has nothing to do with the European Broadcasting Union”. User @cellophane_monk added: “What has it got to do with the EU?”. @gymslip said: “The EU was not around when the European Song Contest started!” @charlescross01 commented: "Eurovision has the square root of sod all to do with the EU." @ClemFandango61 wrote: "We left the EU. We are still in Europe little fellah." DON'T MISS: BBC TV licence fee defence sparks backlash as Brits demand change [WATCH]'Oh my God' Truss and Sunak panic as Tory debate pulled OFF AIR [LISTEN]Angry voter rumbles PM hopefuls and pinpoints 'fundamental issue' [INSIGHT] And @DBrit91 added: "The mayor of London realises Europe and the EU are 2 separate things right?" In a statement, BBC director-general Tim Davie said: “The BBC is committed to making the event a true reflection of Ukrainian culture alongside showcasing the diversity of British music and creativity. “The BBC will now begin the process to find a host city to partner with us on delivering on of the most exciting events to come to the UK in 2023”. UK Culture Secretary Nadine Dorries also said: “As hosts, the UK will honour the competition’s spirit and diversity, and, most importantly, ensure it reflects Ukraine’s recent Eurovision victory and Ukrainian creativity”. READ NEXT: Carrie and Boris caught in 'compromising situation' in Downing StBrexit LIVE: 'Childish' EU shuts down official relations with UKReport slams hated Brexit legislation for 'FAMINE' of economic impactsWhat Liz Truss does with her multimillion pound fortunePutin suffers huge blow as vital Bridge bombed