The SNP Government announced last night that the MS Victoria I – currently docked in Edinburgh – had seen the first of the 1,700 asylum seekers that it intends to house there. Some 2,200 Ukrainians of the 9,000 in Scotland fleeing Vladimir Putin’s invasion of their homeland could be placed on the vessel. The scheme – part of a £6.7million deal with a private travel company – has gone ahead in the face of fierce criticism from devolved ministers, public health experts and campaigners. According to estimates in the Telegraph, at full capacity the cruise ship would allow for around 21 square feet per person. Meanwhile, a couple, or a parent and child, will be afforded 43 square feet of living space. By contrast, the smallest a single Scottish prison cell can be is 75 square feet. READ MORE: Nicola Sturgeon forces Ukrainian refugees onto CRUISE SHIP SNP ministers have so far been unable to say exactly how long Ukrainian refugees will be boxed in on the boat. Shona Robison, Scottish Secretary for Housing, said it would not keep them there “for any longer than is absolutely necessary”. Holyrood has only had to rely on the cruise liner after suspending its sponsorship scheme through a lack of suitable housing. The minister said: “We’ve been working with partners such as Edinburgh City Council to make this ship a safe place for the displaced people and their families. “A full risk assessment of the ship has been undertaken and all of the ship’s crew as a minimum have child and adult protection training.” The Government added there would be a “security perimeter around the ship with proportionate security and identification checks for people moving on and off the ship”. However, people would be free to come and go as they wished, and the ship would not move from its Leith berth while housing the refugees. Miles Briggs – the Scottish shadow cabinet secretary for social justice, housing and local government – reiterated concerns about the suitability of the ship. DON'T MISSBoris allies urge Tory party to hold 'confirmatory vote' on PM' [INSIGHT]Sunak shoots himself in foot with 'mansplaining' strategy [ANALYSIS]Russian pundit in brutal forecast for UK amid leadership chaos [REACTION] He said on Tuesday: “The first Ukrainian refugees seem to be arriving on the SNP's rented cruise ship without its suitability or safety ever being properly assessed or inspected. “Nor has any thought gone into the implications for the pressure on local services in Leith. “We know that conditions on its sister ship, being used in a similar set-up in Estonia, have been the subject of serious concern. Yet the SNP was so eager to talk up its extravagant promises, it failed to do the serious planning required. The Scottish Conservative minister added: “We can only hope that these people, fleeing a brutal conflict, will get the support they deserve, since it was never going to come from the Nationalists’ disastrous – and now abandoned – super sponsor scheme or their other ill-thought-out boasts.” Last week, Dr Jim Jarvie, a humanitarian expert, warned that the vessel may not meet standards to ensure dignity for the refugees, telling the Scottish Mail: “This isn't a cruise ship day trip to Disneyland, this is a boat full of people who are probably traumatised from fleeing a war in their homeland. “This is of vital importance – not just to the hundreds of traumatised families arriving in Scotland or those already here that may be kicked out of their current temporary accommodation – but to the local community too. “I've failed to get any assurances from the Scottish Government whether even basic standards will be in place. Their latest response is just vacuous. What are the standards it will use?” Meanwhile, Hugh Pennington, emeritus professor of bacteriology at Aberdeen University, warned that the devolved administration would be “bloody lucky” if it did not face a major Covid outbreak on board. One refugee expected on the ship, Natalie Yareshko, said on Sunday: “I don’t think putting lots of people to live on a cruise ship will be a suitable option. We don’t want to be cut off from normal life – we want to begin living now. “I don’t want to spend months on a ship. I hope to find a job and a proper flat or house. I've been to the job centre in Glasgow already and there are lots of jobs here. There are opportunities. “There was nothing left for us there, which is why we came. I want to build a life here. Maybe when the war is over, I'll be reunited with my husband. But until then he is there and I need to create a life to survive.”