Wimbledon fans are watching Nick Kyrgios for the “wrong reasons” and hoping he will “self implode”, Laura Robson has claimed. The Aussie star won an extraordinary fourth round match over No.4 seed Stefanos Tsitsispas which saw both players warned for their conduct. Kyrgios wanted the Greek star defaulted for hitting a ball into the crowd in anger while the four-time Grand Slam semi-finalist later admitted deliberately trying to hit the ball at his opponent. Tsitsipas called the late-night match on Court 1 a “circus” and claimed the distractions were a deliberate tactic.. It followed Kyrgios’ first round win when he rowed with the umpire, calling a line judge a “snitch”  and spat in the direction of fans who had been abusing him. And speaking about the Tsitsipas match, BBC analyst Robson said: “It just got out of hand for me. I am all for a bit of drama and the entertainment factor was there but at the same time, we are there to watch tennis and I didn't feel that any of that was being talked about after or during the match. “There were some incredible points and Kyrgios played some outrageous tennis and I would love to be talking about his talent and what he is able to do on court rather than just the drama every time. I am not one of those people who think it is bad for tennis or Nick is bad for tennis. He is an unbelievable talent and clearly gets crowds involved and gets people watching. But I just feel they are watching for the wrong reasons. "They are tuning in to watch him self-implode and we want him to do well. I think he is just the most incredible tennis player when it is just about the tennis. You look back to his second round match and he wasn’t in the news because he wasn’t complaining about anything. I think we are just hoping he almost does something rather than wanting him to win.” Tsitsipas said: “I don't think he could play without having a circus around. It's just the way he likes things being done, like he's on his own terms, his own way.He just always gets away with it. I spoke to the umpire briefly, telling him that, it's really crossing the line in many ways. "I do understand he got a code violation for something he did. I remember one, two of the line umpires walking up to the referee and telling him something.  "So it happened twice, something might happen twice. It just feels very messy. It just feels disorganised in a way. I guess without it, for sure, it is a much better, more quality match also from his side. "Unless he doesn't think he can play this way, but I think it makes for better tennis playing the way it should be played, the normal way, like we do with every single other opponent that is out on the tour.” He also accused Kyrgios of bullying. But the Aussie responded: “I don't know what to say. I'm not sure how I bullied him. He was the one hitting balls at me, he was the one that hit a spectator, he was the one that smacked it out of the stadium. “Apart from me just going back and forth to the umpire for a bit, I did nothing towards Stefanos today that was disrespectful, I don't think. I was not drilling him with balls.” 