Manchester United are ‘100 per cent convinced’ they will sign Frenkie de Jong from Barcelona this summer, it has been claimed. The Netherlands international is Erik ten Hag’s top transfer target. But, with so many conflicting reports emerging, it’s difficult to see how the saga will unfold. Wednesday was a bad day for United fans when it came to De Jong. It was claimed by Spanish media that the midfielder had told Ten Hag he wouldn’t be moving to Old Trafford, while it was also reported the Netherlands international had told team-mates of his desire to stay at his current club. But, now, 90min journalist Rob Blanchette has claimed De Jong DOES want to join United and has even told his old boss as such. Fans have to grasp Frenkie de Jong is only at Barcelona still because of his unpaid £17m wage situation,” he said on Twitter. “He's told Ten Hag he will sign for #MUFC. It's dull as dishwater, I know, but United are 100 (per cent) convinced they'll complete the transfer before Sept 1. “Let's see what happens.” Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative It’s worth hammering home that United wouldn’t still be pursuing De Jong if they hadn’t received encouragement over a deal. And their cause is being helped by what’s happening on and off the pitch over at Barcelona. Away from the action, the Catalan giants have snapped up Robert Lewandowski and Raphinha from Bayern Munich and Leeds respectively. And they’ve also secured the arrivals of Andreas Christensen and Franck Kessie, too, while tying Ousmane Dembele and Sergi Roberto down to new contracts. Barcelona need cash to register all of these players, however, which is why they’re so eager to sell De Jong this summer. Then, on the field, there’s the matter of the Netherlands international being used as a centre-back. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong Barcelona have played three times in pre-season so far, beating Inter Miami and Real Madrid while drawing with Juventus. And De Jong has been named on the bench for all of those games, before then being introduced as a defender. United plan on using the 25-year-old in his preferred position of central midfield, especially after the departures of Paul Pogba and Nemanja Matic. Yet whether that’s enough to convince De Jong it would be in his best interests to join the Red Devils remains to be seen. If the player does move to United, he’ll become their sixth signing from La Liga since Sir Alex Ferguson’s retirement back in 2013. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. When Louis van Gaal was manager, Angel Di Maria, Ander Herrera and Victor Valdes were recruited. And Eric Bailly and Raphael Varane touched down from Villarreal and Real Madrid under Jose Mourinho and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer respectively in 2016 and 2021. Many United fans have grown tired of the De Jong saga. But Lee Sharpe, speaking recently, praised the Red Devils for the way they’ve handled the negotiations for the player so far. "I think the manager will have a really good relationship with him. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team "It's a little bit of paperwork and Manchester United are going about it pretty professionally. "It's a shame that it's taking so long. But I think if the manager really wants him, and that's his No 1 target, they have to be patient and try to get it across the line as soon as they can." He then added: "What a player. A marquee player. "I think he's Erik ten Hag's No 1, on his list. “If they can get him across the line, fingers crossed they can, I think he would be an amazing signing." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here