Cruises are making a comeback as coronavirus travel restrictions continue to ease around the world and the summer holiday season begins. However, for those hoping to enjoy a more peaceful cruise, experts recommend straying away from typical cruising seasons. Paul Melinis, managing director of luxury river cruise line APT, told Express.co.uk: "If you prefer a quieter experience, the shoulder periods of the season will carry fewer passengers. "Travel in April and May, the start of the European cruising season, and October, which marks the end, are often quieter, both onboard and at key landmarks." However, the peak and shoulder seasons change depending on the destination of your cruise. Steve Williams, director of sales for MSC Cruises UK and Ireland explained: "Many destinations we cruise to have peak periods, for example, the Mediterranean will be busier in the summer and the Caribbean in the winter so it’s always worth considering these destinations outside of these peak periods. READ MORE: Dad's 'holiday of a lifetime' turns into a 'nightmare' "We sail in both destinations year-round so a holiday in the Mediterranean in October getting the chance to explore some of the world’s best-loved tourist spots without the crowds and hot weather is an ideal way to explore and get yourself a much quieter cruise." Naturally, the less in demand a season is, the cheaper the prices tend to be. Peter Hodge, director of HelloCruise, explained: "As with other holidays travelling at peak times is always going to be more expensive. "Cruising outside these peak dates tends to be lighter on the wallet so rather than visiting the Mediterranean in August where it can be very hot and busy with tourists we recommend going in mid-to late-September when the prices are cheaper. READ MORE: Liquid security rules: Hand luggage liquid rules at UK airports "It is not as hot and has fewer crowds giving a better all-round holiday experience." He continued: "Time of year and destination can also influence the cost of cruises dramatically. "A visit to the Caribbean during November can be more expensive as it is winter in the UK so a popular hotspot for cruisers, but going several weeks earlier in early October may save you hundreds of pounds." It's not just great savings that the shoulder season can provide. Mr Melinis said: "Travelling in the shoulder periods of the holiday season is a great way to cruise for less – and it has other surprising benefits too. "In addition to enjoying a holiday at a lower price than in the height of summer, getting away to Europe during April, May or October is a good way of helping to address the impact of over-tourism in some of the continent’s most popular tourism hotspots. "And you will likely experience more temperate weather too, which makes sightseeing more comfortable for those who struggle with the heat of high summer." DON'T MISS‘Go back!’ Norway rage as cruise passengers told ‘not welcome’ [INSIGHT]Cruise ships: Onboard jails have ‘no windows’ [COMMENT]World's most powerful passports named - where does UK rank? [REPORT] Costs are also likely to reduce during the shoulder season for other elements of your trip, including flights, hotels and tours. Mr Hodge said these all "tend to be dearer as travel is very supply and demand the more people that want to travel tends to drive prices up and supply drops." However, for those who can't travel during the shoulder season, there is an alternative. According to Mr Hodge, the ship you choose could make a world of difference. He told Express.co.uk: "If you are looking for a quieter cruise always choose the right cruise ship first of all as some of the larger cruise lines will always be relatively busy so for this we tend to recommend smaller or medium size ships."