Tim van Rijthoven has fired a warning to Novak Djokovic as he awaits the winner of the Serb’s next Wimbledon match in the round-of-16. The Dutchman has enjoyed a breakout grass-court season, going from never having won an ATP main draw match to upsetting two top-10 players to win a title at ‘s-Hertogenbosch ahead of his Grand Slam debut at the All England Club. Van Rijthoven is on an eight-match winning streak after winning his first-ever career title in ‘s-Hertogenbosch last month, where he was awarded a wildcard and won his first main draw match at tour level before downing world No 9 Felix Auger-Aliassime and then-world No 2 Daniil Medvedev to win the title. He was awarded a wildcard into Wimbledon for his efforts and has already enjoyed a stellar start to his first Grand Slam main draw, beating Federico Delbonis, 15th seed Reilly Opelka and 22nd seed Nikoloz Basilashvili to find himself in the second week, where he awaits either top seed Djokovic or the Serb’s compatriot Miomir Kecmanovic. The world No 104 is now full of fighting talk ahead of what could be his first clash with the 20-time Major champion, having admitted it was a “dream” to play the world No 3 at SW19. “Before the tournament started, it was a dream for me to play him basically,” he said after his straight-sets victory over Basilashvili. JUST IN: Wimbledon star outdoes Murray and Kyrgios with six underarm serves   With Djokovic the top seed and defending champion, the match will likely be played on either Centre Court or Court 1, and the 25-year-old was looking forward to his debut on a big showcourt as he continued: “So to be able to have that chance and to maybe even play on Centre Court or Court 1 is beautiful and magical.” But van Rijthoven was still full of fighting talk despite talking about his “dream” opponent, as he fired a warning to the defending champion sharing his belief ahead of a potential clash. “Yeah, I go into every match thinking I can win the match,” he stated. DON'T MISSHeather Watson continues Brit bonanza at Wimbledon with biggest winSue Barker was defended over surprise and ‘ridiculous’ BBC show exitNadal warned of 'great equaliser' at Wimbledon as big names drop out  “Also against Djokovic I'll go into that match thinking I can win that match, yeah.” The 25-year-old said his belief was only a recent change in mentality but it has already proved hugely successful following his exploits in ‘s-Hertogenbosch, where he was ranked outside of the world’s top 200 ahead of the tournament and now sits on the cusp of a top 100 debut thanks to his big wins over two top-10 players to win the title.  “That's recent,” he said of the belief that he could win any match. “I think it's the start of this year, so maybe like a couple months that I have that mindset. Yeah, it's basically going into every match thinking I'm the better player, even though it's maybe not always the case,” he smiled. 