Pension Credit is designed to help people on a low income who are older, topping up their income. Those who are claiming this benefit are set to receive the first instalment of the Government’s cost of living support payment from this morning. The Government is issuing support to a whole host of Britons, but specifically targeting those deemed as vulnerable. However, Britons are being warned they stand to miss out if they do not put in a claim for Pension Credit. Steven Cameron, Pensions Director at Aegon, highlighted it is those on means-tested benefits who will receive the first tranche of the £650 support package from today - worth £326. He explained: “Those above state pension age receiving Pension Credit will be eligible for this payment alongside a wider package which includes a boost to the winter fuel allowance later this year. READ MORE: 30-year ‘secret tax grab’ continues as ‘potent weapon' lives on “The total package of cost-of-living support from the government means low-income pensioner household could receive a up to £1,500 this year in additional one-off payments. “This will help to plug the gap from April’s 3.1 percent rise in the state pension which falls far short of inflation, currently sitting at 9.1 percent.” Pension Credit is considered to be a particularly valuable benefit, especially for individuals who are on a low income. Some people have received more than £3,300 a year, according to DWP data. DON'T MISSInheritance warning: Britons face ‘nasty surprise’ in retirement [ANALYSIS]NHS nurse, 58, horrified after cruel scam lost her £45,000 [VIDEO]‘Very believable!’ Barclays issues warning on vicious scam text [INSIGHT] However, it is also an underclaimed benefit with many missing out on what they are entitled to. It is believed 850,000 people who are eligible are failing to claim. This, Mr Cameron warned, could have serious implications when it comes to the cost of living payment. He continued: “Not only does this mean they are missing out on existing financial help, they’re also cutting themselves out of the Government’s £650 cost of living support payment. READ MORE: DWP confirms eligibility for £326 payment “To be entitled to the July instalment of cost of living support, you needed to be receiving a qualifying means tested benefit on May 25, or have begun a claim by then which is later successful. “So while those not already claiming Pension Credit may have missed out on the first instalment, there may still be time to qualify for the second instalment to be paid later this year. “The eligibility date for the second instalment hasn’t yet been announced but deferring could mean you lose out. “There’s simply never been a better time to apply for Pension Credit.” To claim Pension Credit, Britons must live in England, Scotland or Wales and have reached state pension age. When applying for the benefit, one’s income will be calculated. Income includes state pension payments, other pensions, earnings from employment and self-employment, as well as most social security benefits. The quickest way to claim is through the online service on the Government’s website. However, individuals can also call the Pension Credit claim line on 0800 99 1234. They will need to provide key information such as their National Insurance number, and information about income, savings and investments.