Forecasters are saying there is a 30 percent chance that Sunday could be the hottest day ever recorded in the UK. The Met Office has already issued an amber weather warning meaning that there will be danger to life. With the temperatures expected to soar well above 30 degrees, roads across Britain could melt leaving tyres with tar stuck to them, which could be dangerous. Tar attached to tyres might look harmless, but it can negatively affect the tyres’ performance leading to increased risk on the road. According to motoring experts, tar can become a massive issue for motorists when it hardens on the rubber. This will then affect driving conditions, especially at high speeds.  READ MORE: Driver blocked from parking her car outside her home of 25 years  Not only will the car balance be affected, but the tar will also stress other parts of the tyre leading to more damage. Experts at Autoily claimed that drivers should get rid of tar as soon as they spot it. They said: “Drivers have accidentally run over tar or hot asphalt on many occasions, and while some might assume that the tar will fall off as you drive, this isn’t always the case. “It’s only safe to drive with a fair amount of tar on tires at low speeds; however, you’ll still need to deal with the problem as soon as possible. DON'T MISS Major new speeding law introduced last week but many drivers unaware [REVEAL] Fears car tax changes could see drivers paying hundreds of pounds more [INSIGHT] Drivers warned of massive £1,000 fine for not drinking enough water [WARNING] “Tires covered in tar are dangerous, especially once the tar hardens on the rubber material. “While it looks harmless, hardened tar puts you at high risk and can create hazardous driving conditions when driving at high speeds. “Once the tar sticks on the rubber, it forms a hard compound, and you’ll notice that the tires are shaking at high speeds. “A little amount of tar can also cause your tires to become unbalanced since the tread is not contacting the ground evenly.” READ MORE: Drivers warned of common heatwave car problems Motorists who find tar stuck to their tyres are advised to wash it off with warm soapy water. The RAC has also warned motorists of the consequences of not checking their tyres. New figures from RAC Breakdown showed only 17 percent of drivers regularly check if their vehicles are ready for long journeys. Nearly a quarter (24 percent) admitted to never doing so, with the remaining 60 percent only doing it sometimes – dramatically increasing the risk of breaking down and incurring costly garage bills. RAC Breakdown spokesman Rod Dennis said: “Every summer, tens of thousands of drivers end up broken down by the side of the road because their cars let them down – that’s a lot of people whose summer plans are thrown into disarray. “Add in the rising cost of living and the fact this summer is set to be the most expensive for years due to the record-high price of fuel and it’s obvious that unplanned repairs and hefty garage bills will be the very last things most drivers want. “The good news is that it doesn’t need to be that way. “Our patrols regularly go out to drivers who have suffered a breakdown because they didn’t check their tyres or have a quick look under the bonnet. “Nothing can be more frustrating for someone desperate for a summer break than realising their breakdown was avoidable, but this is a picture we see all too often every summer. “Our message to drivers is really clear – don’t let your well-earned break be ruined by a breakdown, and don’t make this year’s expensive summer even more costly by having to take your car to a garage. “But in the event, something unexpected does happen, it’s also vitally important drivers have the right level of breakdown cover in place to deal with the situation.”