Strictly Come Dancing's Bruno Tonioli has addressed his decision to leave the BBC show. The Italian dancer, 66, claimed it's a "miracle" he lasted nearly two decades on the judging panel as he relayed the scary time he "blanked" on a live show. Speaking about stepping away from the BBC show, Bruno told how he had struggled to split his time between Strictly and Dancing With The Stars, which he films in the US at the same time. The Italian star said: "“There is no animosity, it was a mutual decision with both of us saying, ‘Listen, this is not going to work like it used to.' "I just couldn’t do the flying any more,” he confessed. Addressing the gruelling Strictly schedule, Bruno admitted surprise that he'd managed to last 18 years on the show. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry's appearance 'paint a thousand words' claims host He said; "I don’t know how I survived that schedule. To be honest, it’s a miracle," he said to Daily Mail. The star confessed that travelling between countries to do the two shows took a toll on him, explaining: "There was a moment in the middle of a run when I blanked." He added that he was uncertain over what he was doing or even where he was, until seeing the audience made him realise. Bruno featured as a judge on the show when it first launched back in 2004, but earlier this year, the Italian choreographer confirmed his departure. Former Strictly pro Anton Du Beke is set to take his position for good. Appearing on The One Show in May, Bruno said he was sad to leave the show, adding: "I miss it so much". He also added that he will solely concentrate on his role as a judge on Dancing With The Stars. During the pandemic Bruno remained in Los Angeles and missed sitting on the Strictly panel for two years. DON'T MISS... Ulrika Jonsson says she's been shamed for kids having different dads [INSIGHT]Monty Don addresses Gardeners' World shake-up after change [ANALYSIS]'Emotions high' Janette Manrara marks milestone with Aljaz ending [UPDATE] In 2020 he appeared via video link while last year Anton Du Beke stepped in for him. He cited that due to Covid and the travel restrictions in place, it was difficult to do both. Bruno said: "[It's] impossible because the rules changed, getting through the airport was not like it used to be, it created a situation that was unsustainable". Speaking about Anton's permanent place at the judging panel, Bruno said: "I think Anton has done a fantastic job. "He deserves to be on that seat. "It's a 10 from me. Carry on. Do me proud," he added Addressing his permanent role in a statement, Anton confirmed the news. He said: "Everyone knows how much I absolutely love the show and I'm utterly delighted to be continuing as a regular judge."