Cristiano Ronaldo may have been left in an awkward position ahead of continuing crunch future talks with Manchester United this week. The wantaway striker could be out of Old Trafford escape options after Atletico Madrid's president dismissed the club's interest in the summer transfer window. Ronaldo was present at Carrington on Tuesday as United returned to pre-season training after their largely successful tour of Thailand and Australia. But he reportedly didn't participate in training and was accompanied by agent Jorge Mendes, indicating he had stepped up his attempts to leave. The 37-year-old has been strongly linked with Atletico in recent days as he looks to return to the city of Madrid and remain in the Champions League. But that option could be off the table after club president Enrique Cerezo poured cold water on the prospect of his Wanda Metropolitano arrival. Cerezo has blasted the links to Ronaldo as untrue and labelled a deal to bring him to Real Madrid's bitter rivals 'impossible'. He told COPE: "I don't know who invented this story about Cristiano Ronaldo to Atletico Madrid. It's definitely not true. It's practically impossible for him to come to Atletico de Madrid." JUST IN: Man Utd respond to 'nonsense' Cristiano Ronaldo claim after meeting  He had previously played down the chances of Atletico signing Ronaldo this summer amid reports that the La Liga giants had transfer listed Antoine Griezmann to accomodate him. When asked about the possibility of his blockbuster switch earlier this month, he, somewhat ominously, refused to confirm nor deny interest. "You have to ask me more difficult questions," Cerezo responded. "To easy questions, simple answers. It is considered answered. We are here for dinner, an early season dinner, with a wonderful squad, sensational players and a fantastic manager. We have everything. What more can we ask for?" READ MORE: Chelsea waiting on Harry Kane contract action as Bayern theory emerges  With less than two weeks to go until the 2022/23 season starts, Ronaldo and United will want to clarify his future as soon as possible. But with seemingly no options left on the table that would see him play Champions League football next term, he may have to awkwardly accept the Red Devils' desire to keep him. Ten Hag will undoubtedly have been planning for his maiden season with Ronaldo included, but Anthony Martial's resurgence in pre-season could hand him a selection headache. Cristiano Ronaldo may have been left in an awkward position ahead of continuing crunch future talks with Manchester United this week. The wantaway striker could be out of Old Trafford escape options after Atletico Madrid's president dismissed the club's interest in the summer transfer window. Click HERE to buy the new Man Utd home shirt