Princess Anne, known as the hardest-working royal, always knew that Meghan Markle would not last long in the Royal Family, according to a royal expert. Neil Sean revealed details of an apparent meeting between Meghan and the Princess Royal when the Duchess of Sussex joined the monarchy. According to a royal source, Meghan "left the meeting dumbfounded" after Princess Anne recommended seeing royal life "as a job" rather than an opportunity to seek fame. Mr Sean said: "This senior royal takes no nonsense, much like her father the late Duke of Edinburgh "Apparently, when Meghan Markle joined the Royal Family, she sought out Princess Anne. "According to a very good source, Princess Anne gave very sage advice to the new royal. "As we know, Princess Anne is the hardest working royal." JUST IN: Queen shut down Meghan's attempt to sit 'next to senior royals'  The royal expert continued: "She does endless amounts of engagements. She turns up does the job and does not seek the limelight, and represents the Queen. "I thought the recent visit together with the Queen to the Thames Hospice was wonderful. "But apparently Meghan left her meeting with Princess Anne dumbfounded. "Princess Anne reiterated this mantra, she pointed out that it wasn't a working monarchy, it was a job, you turn up on time, you do your research, and do the duty. "It's all about the project at hand.  "She also pointed out that whatever charities you are involved in you, you needed to get involved and get immersed." Mr Sean suggested Meghan Markle "didn't take a lot of this to heart," adding that the Duchess "did not get too involved with the National Theatre" as a patron. Summing up the pair's relationship, Mr Sean added: "According to a very good source Meghan Markle failed to warm to Princess Anne. "And Princess Anne always knew that Meghan would have a very short shelf-life in the world of the British monarchy." DON'T MISS: Royal LIVE: 'Playing with fire' Harry warning over six-figure bill [LIVE BLOG]White House video edits spark questions about Biden's blunders [VIDEO]UK mocked as Russian TV delights in Raducanu's new coach [REACTION]  The Princess Royal was spotted this week attending the Commonwealth Games, which opened in Birmingham. She delighted some of the people competing in the Commonwealth Games by visiting the Athletes Village. The Princess Royal was photographed chatting with members of teams and individuals coming from some of the 72 different territories taking part in sporting events over the next 10 days. While at the Games, tireless Anne also joined her husband Sir Timothy Laurence and sister-in-law Sophie, Countess of Wessex, to watch a Rugby Sevens match at Coventry Stadium. Sophie, Anne and Charles are among the royals expected to be in Birmingham over the next days to support the Commonwealth and the athletes. READ NEXT: RAF flypast TODAY: Exact time jets to soar over London for Euros finalRoyal LIVE: 'Playing with fire' Harry warning over six-figure billMike Tindall recalls Princess Anne's odd request ahead of wedding'Thank you!' Royal fans praise Charles and Camilla Prince Harry and Meghan will be forced to 'give up' royal titles 