Former Crystal Palace midfielder Darren Ambrose believes that Manchester United already have an alternative to Frenkie de Jong, as uncertainty grows over the transfer. The Red Devils have agreed a fee with Barcelona for De Jong, but have so far failed to get the deal over the line despite lengthy negotiations. Erik ten Hag’s club may be prepared to wait during talks for the Dutch playmaker as a youngster at the club could take up that role in midfield. James Garner was on loan at Nottingham Forest during their promotion season to the Premier League, but the England under-21 international may remain at Old Trafford for the coming season. “I’m 50-50 whether he [De Jong] will end up a Manchester United player or not,” Ambrose told talkSPORT. “So James Garner, I think he could make the step up, I certainly do. You look at when a manager comes into a football club, one of the first things they want to do is prove they can improve players. He [Ten Hag] can certainly do that, he’s done that at Ajax. “I think he will be looking at a player like James Garner and thinking, ‘I can prove that I can build a player into, not just a normal squad, but into a Manchester United squad that’s trying to build and get back up there’. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd's De Jong issue, Arsenal fifth signing, Chelsea agreement “It’s happened before with young players at Manchester United. That’s potentially the way he wants to build. I think James Garner is a fantastic player. I’m not comparing him with Frenkie de Jong, but there’s potential that he can grow into that position and play a similar role.” Garner has yet to feature during pre-season with United due to a slight injury, but there is hope that the midfielder can take part in the next friendly against Aston Villa. Garner has been linked with another loan after a successful time in the Championship at Forest, but the playmaker sees his future at United. DON'T MISSFrenkie de Jong 'knows he can thrive' at Man Utd as Erik ten Hag makes transfer plan clearArsenal could be about to sanction first sale which will please William SalibaAntonio Conte's plan for Tottenham flop Lo Celso clear after bid rejected "Of course I want to be a Manchester United player," Garner told MUTV. "I think, even if you do not play for United. I feel it is most people's dream. That is obviously my aim this season and I have got to have a good pre-season and hopefully that happens. "The future? Probably the exact same answer: to be a Manchester United player. Ever since I was a little boy, I have grown as a player and a man, I feel like my whole life has been in Manchester. "It was huge [loan at Forest]. You learn a lot out on loan. You learn about yourself. I have learnt that I felt I can compete at a high level, that is what I think I have learnt the most.”