Uncoupled has just arrived on Netflix and the romantic comedy stars Neil Patrick Harris as Michael Lawson. The New York City real estate agent is a newly-single gay man who is exploring the dating scene after 17 years in a relationship. Colin McKenna (Tuc Watkins) is his ex-partner in the series, but here's who the TV star is with in real life. Uncoupled sees Michael navigating the world of dating after he was suddenly dumped by his long-term partner, Colin. Michael is forced to carry on with his job and start to explore new relationships. However, he cannot help but feel devastated as he does not understand what went wrong with Colin. Neil Patrick Harris may have troubles with his love life in the series, but he is happily married off-screen. The 49-year-old actor, who is openly gay, married actor and professional chef David Burtka in 2014. READ MORE: Virgin River season 5 theory: Denny to rob beloved resident Bert Harris publicly came out as gay in 2006 and the following year he was engaged to David. The couple's relationship began in 2004 and following the passage of the Marriage Equality Act in New York in 2011, they announced their engagement publicly. They wanted to keep their engagement a secret until same-sex marriage became legal. The pair tied the knot in Italy and the wedding was attended by some A-list guests. In 2010, they had twins using a surrogate - Gideon and Harper. David is known for his acting roles in theatre and TV, starring alongside his husband in How I Met Your Mother. The 47-year-old made his first appearance on TV in 2002, starring in The West Wing. He is also known for his Broadway appearances, having starred in It Shoulda Been You and Gypsy. In 2009 David and Neil appeared on stage together for the first time, singing a duet from Rent at a benefit for The LGBT Community Center in New York. DON'T MISS... Keep Breathing cast: Who is in the Netflix series? [EXPLAINER] Virgin River's Annette O'Toole teases worrying Hope update [INTERVIEW] Never Have I Ever season 3 release date, cast, trailer, plot [INSIGHT] David quit full-time acting to become a professional chef after he graduated from Le Cordon Bleu College of Culinary Arts Pasadena. He started running his own LA-based catering business called Gourmet MD. His first cookbook, titled Life is a Party, was published in 2019. David is on Instagram and he has been sharing photos of himself with his family. He visited Cardiff Castle with Neil and their two children in June and marked the occasion with a family photo. On Father's Day he paid tribute to his husband, saying: "@nph we are beyond lucky to have you for a papa. "You are a tremendous leader, provider, teacher, and your constant ability to love 175% is amazing. "We love you and can’t wait to celebrate when we are all together. Happy papas day!" On Neil's birthday, David said: "You continue to amaze me. You have continued to grow as a father, a husband, a lover, a friend. "You age like a fine wine and if you were a steak you would be the rarest. I am so happy we continue to laugh, live and love 150% through life."  Uncoupled is on Netflix now.