Angela Rayner was pressed on Sky News's The Take with Sophy Ridge on whether the Labour MP believed she has what it takes to become Britain's Prime Minister. Keir Starmer's deputy leader began to answer with a swipe at outgoing Prime Minister Boris Johnson before conceding that she does harbour hope herself of one day entering Number 10. Ms Rayner told Sky News: "Oh you know, I say this all the time. "Originally I used to think there’s no way I could be Prime Minister of this country, you know, the fact that I got into Parliament, it’s such an honour to represent my constituency of Ashton-under-Lyne, but since Boris Johnson has done it, I thought he’s set the bar so low that I even think Terry from the local pub could do a better job than what Boris Johnson has done, but we need standards in public life, and I’ve been…" Pressed for an answer, she replied: "Yes, I think I could do it now, I think I could and I think it’s really important that kids from my background do have that aspiration and think, you know what, you can do it. "And I was guilty of thinking I couldn't do it, for all of the reasons, I think there’s always someone better than myself. "And actually I think on your show, speaking to people from my background, I should say, you could do whatever you want if you put your mind to it.” On Wednesday, Ms Rayner claimed the Government was "missing while Britain burns" and warned the Tory leadership contenders "will leave us vulnerable to move freak natural disasters". "For too long our public servants have been under-appreciated and undervalued by this Government... over the last 10 years the funding and staffing of the fire and rescue service has been cut and response times have gone up by 8%" she said. She added: "This statement today is far too late... Why the delay in coming to this House? It has literally taken the country to go up in flames for the minister to turn his focus on this emergency." Ms Rayner said: "The leadership contenders are doing their hardest to outbid each other on how they would cut action on climate change. They will leave us vulnerable to move freak natural disasters." She added: "Isn't is the truth that the Prime Minister and his entire Government have gone missing while Britain burns? We might have cooler temperatures today but another heatwave is inevitable as our climate heats up. "Britain cannot continue to be so unprepared. He tells people to drink water and wear a hat. It's just not good enough, we need a long-term emergency resilience plan for the future." Don't miss: Leadership contest has left Tories with toxic divide [INSIGHT]The Tory debates were a joke - where was the talk on real issues? [ANALYSIS]‘Genuine dislike’ Tory leadership rivalry set to turn ‘very personal' [REVEAL] Responding to Labour, Cabinet Office minister Kit Malthouse said Boris Johnson was kept in touch with Government work on responding to the heatwave "throughout". Mr Malthouse said it was the second time he has been in the Commons to discuss the issue, adding: "We've been working on this since the weather forecasters gave us notification that this extreme weather event was likely to occur. It is however, the first time that the honourable lady (Angela Rayner) has turned up to the House." Mr Malthouse said the Prime Minister "has been kept in touch with our work throughout". He added: "As far as the resilience plan. As I said, the plan is in progress and will be launched as soon as we get a new administration into Number 10. But she should not mistake the publication of a national resilience plan for us not having any plans at all."