Rideshare app, Bolt found that half of Britons are planning on sticking to a stricter holiday budget this year. Express.co.uk spoke to the Cheap Holiday Expert to find out Britons could save money on a summer holiday.  Chelsea told Express.co.uk: “I think car hire has really shocked a lot of people because there has been a massive, massive price increase. “And car rental is an afterthought for some people and now it’s almost four times the cost it was. “People aren’t expecting to have £1,000 added to the price of their holiday after they’ve paid for flights and accommodation. “If you haven’t booked yet, don’t forget about cities. Don’t forget about going to places where you don’t need car hire because they already have great transport links.” READ MORE: 'How to get free drinks and upgrades': Flight attendant shares tricks Most European cities will have great budget travel options with e-scooters, ride share and e-bikes available for tourists. Chelsea said: “Ride hailing for me is great when you’re at the airport. You’re coming out, you’ve got loads of bags and you need to get somewhere fast. “A ride hailing app like Bolt is on your phone already, it’s in English and it tells you how much money you’re going to spend. “There’s no fear of being ripped off. You know exactly what’s going to happen and you can see it all on the map.” “I think a lot of people forget the hidden costs behind public transport, and you also have to deal with the language barrier. “If there’s a group of you travelling it can be more cost-effective just to split the cost of a ride hailing car instead.” Passengers will each need to pay for a ticket on public transport so a ride-share app can be much more cost-effective. While holidays have become more expensive, Chelsea thinks there are a few positives to be found. READ MORE: London could introduce a tourist tax to fund TFL She told Express.co.uk: “The silver lining is, it’s making people think outside the box. Hopefully, it will open up a few more destinations for people. “We’ll be hearing more about the unheard-of locations as people try and scramble for a bargain. “I’m all about swapping out the popular places for something else. I often get asked about Tuscany and I can understand why, it’s absolutely gorgeous! “But the Istrian region in Croatia has so many similarities and it’s incredibly beautiful. The food is quite similar as well as you’re so close to Italy. “And there are three euro Aperol spritzes, so I’m sold! “You can also swap Copenhagen out for Gdansk. If you look where it is on a map, it makes a lot of sense. “The architecture is really similar and it’s so much cheaper. I got a glass of prosecco there for about £1.70!” Bolt is offering holidaymakers discounts throughout the months of July and August in several top destinations. Use SUMMERFRANCE for 8 euros off your first trip in FranceUse SUMMERSPAIN for 7 euros off your first trip in SpainUse SUMMERPORTUGAL for 6 euros off your first trip in Portugal