Margot Robbie has revealed how she insisted on the nude scenes in Wolf of Wall Street. In an unearthed interview, the Hollywood A-lister, 32, spoke about filming the movie's nude scenes alongside Leonardo Di Caprio in the 2013 film, where she starred as Naomi Lapaglia. The Once Upon A Time in Hollywood star spoke candidly about filming the scenes, which were shot when she was 22-years-old. Margot said: "You sit there and feel, 'Ooh, this is so scary', but you are not thinking of the millions of people who might see you naked, you are thinking about the crew." The star added that she felt awkward about a colleague seeing her naked after having had a conversation with them. She explained: "You have just talked to a bloke about his daughter's violin recital and now he's going to see you naked. READ MORE: Michael Bublé stops Exeter show after crowds 'scream' for paramedics "The bigger deal you make of it, though, the more intimidating it becomes so you just get on with it," she told Radio Times. It was her breakout role on the 2013 award-winning film which shot her to stardom. Margot is currently filming Greta Gerwig's live-action Barbie movie alongside Ryan Gosling. Variety reported that the star was paid a huge $12.5 million for the role, after the publication released their list of top Hollywood earners. Margot also pocketed a whopping USD$10million for the 2020 hit film Birds Of Prey. Speaking about what to expect from the highly-anticipated Barbie movie, Margot told MailOnline: "We like the things that feel a little left of centre. “Something like Barbie where the IP, the name itself, people immediately have an idea of, 'Oh, Margot is playing Barbie, I know what that is’. “But our goal is to be like, 'Whatever you're thinking, we're going to give you something totally different - the thing you didn't know you wanted.'" DON'T MISS... Eamonn Holmes fumes at French for Dover travel chaos 'Total joke' [INSIGHT]Amanda Holden, 51, flaunts phenomenal figure in striped bikini [ANALYSIS]Jamie Redknapp enjoys holiday with sons as wife Frida stuns in bikini [UPDATE] The Suicide Squad star added: "Now, can we truly honour the IP and the fan base and also surprise people? "Because if we can do all that and provoke a thoughtful conversation, then we're really firing on all cylinders." It comes as Margot and Ryan have been spotted on the film set in their roles as Barbie and Ken. New set photos show the co-stars running around in some flashy outfits In other pictures, the pair can be seen wearing fun and colourful retro workout sets as they rollerblade around Venice Beach. Some snaps see Margot donning a hot pink cowboy-inspired outfit, complete with a patterned neckerchief and white hat. Ryan also looks unrecognisable with his bleach blonde hair as he portrays Ken in the 2023 film. Mary Queen of Scots is on this evening at 10.50pm on BBC One.