Penny Mordaunt did not take kindly to the Conservative Party being accused of cronyism as she savaged Angela Rayner in a four-minute slap down of the Labour Party. Ms Mordaunt did not pull any punches as she tore into her opponent at the ledger, dismantling the attack on the Government's handling of the Coronavirus pandemic. The 2021 exchange resurfaced as Ms Mordaunt threw her hat into the ring to become the next Prime Minister. Ms Mordaunt's response to Ms Rayner's cronyism claims concluded her damaging assessment of Labour using national issues to tackle internal divisions. The Conservative MP said: "I would suggest to Ms Rayner that an Essex MP is perfectly entitled to forward an offer of help from the Essex Chamber of Commerce to help in a pandemic. "MPs do it all the time, it's part of our job, but Ms Rayner already knows this too, and I'm afraid so does everyone else. "The urgent question today has more to do with Labour's internal politics and divisions than the conduct of members of this House and enterprises who have been working to help the NHS and to save lives. Tory leadership LIVE: Boris loyalists officially back key Brexiteer as they turn on Sunak "Ms Rayner has made particular accusations today about colleagues and I just want to make a final point. "Because if you were to take every single MP she's made an allegation about this afternoon, and you were to look at all the political donations they've received since the pandemic started - since January 2020 - if you were to add them all up, if you were to double them, no, if you were to quadruple them you would still just about match what Ms Rayner herself has received in the same time period. "And she should thank her lucky stars that we don't play the same games that she does." Ms Mordaunt is now one of 10 Conservative MPs vying to take over the leadership of the party and of the country following Boris Johnson's resignation last week. READ MORE: Boris Johnson faces imminent confidence vote as entire Government could collapse TOMORROW David Davis confirmed his support for Ms Mordaunt today, saying she is the most likely Tory leadership candidate to "beat Rishi Sunak". He told Sky News: "We need high integrity, we can't afford any more scandals after the last two years. She's a woman of incredible integrity. "But, most of all, she's got a vision for Britain, she's a patriot, she knows what she wants to put across, she knows what sort of Conservatism she stands for. "As a result, she's popular in Scotland, she's popular in Red Wall seats, she's popular with the younger voters and, actually, she's the person who's most likely within the party to actually beat Rishi Sunak." Davis highlighted the Rayner video as a standout performance from the MP and proof that Mordaunt was ready to be PM and capable of leading the party. DON'T MISS:Tory leadership: Shock new Brexiteer poised to announce bid [REVEAL]Tory hopefuls spark hilarity with cringe-worthy campaign videos [VIDEO]Tory Party: Damian Green demands 'next PM has to be Tugendhat' [REPORT] The 1922 committee of Conservative members of parliament (MPs) which organises the leadership contest said hopefuls would need at least 20 nominations from the party's 358 lawmakers to even proceed to the first round of votes on Wednesday. Anyone who then received less than 30 votes will be eliminated before another vote follows on Thursday. Nearly all the contenders have promised extensive tax cuts to win over the support of their colleagues. "I am very keen we get this concluded as smoothly, cleanly, and rapidly as possible," said Graham Brady, the committee's chair. The field will be whittled down to a final two candidates by lawmakers, before a postal ballot of the Conservative Party's members, who number fewer than 200,000, takes place over the summer.