 It can be easy to accidentally leave bottled water in a car after going somewhere such as a supermarket or when going to work. However, drivers have been given an urgent warning not to leave plastic bottles out in the heat or they could risk major consequences.  As the temperatures rise, chemicals from the plastic bottles can leak into the water, making it more dangerous when drivers or passengers come to drink it. Plastic bottles can also magnify sunlight enough to start a fire, putting your vehicle at risk. To be on the safe side, it's best to bring the water inside with you and store it in the fridge, to prevent the heat from affecting it. So, keep water out of the car to avoid the plastic heating up, and keep it tasting fresh. READ MORE: ULEZ expansion is ‘another money grab’ by Sadiq Khan  The AA says it is rare, but can happen, where refracted sunlight from a reflective object such as an non-tinted pocket mirror left on a seat for example, or even a water bottle, can start a fire. One driver, Drew Anderson, fell victim to this a few years ago. The meteorologist for 69 News in the US left a clear water bottle on the passenger seat of his car and came back to see the seat had been burnt. The sun had been hitting the bottle at the right angle to burn a hole in the front seat of his vehicle. DON'T MISS'Don't coast': Drivers warned of common fuel-saving hack [SHOCKING]Drivers urged to avoid popular seaside car park [WARNING]Drivers urged to follow vital air conditioning tips to save fuel [IMPORTANT]  He said it was a mistake he will never make again. Simon Moore, marketing director for GSF Car Parts, warned drivers to be aware of leaving items in their car when temperatures rise. He said: “As we experience this warmer weather, lots of people might be leaving various items in their car out of habit. “Most of the time in the UK, our weather is mild or cold enough that leaving things like electronics, batteries and bottled water in your car isn't a problem.  “But in hot weather, it's very important to remember to take these things out of the car with you, in case they become damaged or even explode in your vehicle. “By taking these items out of your car and finding cooler places to store them during the heatwave, you'll save yourself some money by not having to repair damage or have your car cleaned. “So, it's worth making a note to clean most things out of your car when you leave it parked in the sunshine. “At this time of year, cars can rise to very hot temperatures, so be mindful of what you're leaving out in the vehicle.”  Leaving a fizzy drink in the car can lead to more than just a strange taste. In 2021, a Birmingham resident left a bottle of Prosecco in her car in the hot weather, only to have it explode and leave her with a £2,258 cleaning bill to repair the damage. The explosion took place because some alcoholic drinks change composition above 25 degrees, which can cause wines and beers to become sour, vinegar-like liquids. As the chemical composition of the beverages changes, both cans and bottles are liable to explode due to the increased pressure. Other alcoholic drinks, such as spirits, can change flavour and composition in a hot car too. The best policy is to avoid leaving alcohol in your vehicle for long periods in the heat.