Arsenal have reportedly held talks to sign Newcastle target Alejandro Grimaldo but face competition from Chelsea, Juventus and Barcelona for the Benfica star. The left-back is a key player at his club - but recent disciplinary issues mean the Portuguese side are now keen to sell the Spaniard. Grimaldo played 47 times for the Liga Portugal club last season - but fell out with the management team on the final day after he was chosen to play despite his expectation that he would be left out so he could travel to Spain. Mikel Arteta has been keen to add to his Arsenal side following a poor end to the season that saw the Gunners get leapfrogged by fierce rivals Tottenham for the final Champions League place. He has already moved to secure the signature of Porto star Fabio Vieira while Manchester City striker Gabriel Jesus is all but confirmed. Now, he looks set to move for a new left-back given the injury issues surrounding first choice Kieran Tierney. According to Ekrem Konur on Twitter, Arsenal have held talks with Benfica over a move for the Spanish defender. However, Barcelona, Juventus and Chelsea are also believed to be interested and could be set to line up a move for the player later in the window. DON'T MISS: Neymar's agent 'contacts' Chelsea due to Todd Boehly as Thiago Silva works on PSG transfer Reports earlier in the week had linked Newcastle with a deal for Grimaldo with Eddie Howe hoping to improve at left-back despite signing Matt Targett permanently earlier in the window. Arsenal’s struggles towards the end of the season began when Tierney returned from Scotland duty with a knee injury. The 25-year-old was vital in both the attacking and defensive side of the game with the North London side regularly reliant on his barnstorming runs from left-back to drag them up the pitch. His replacement Nuno Tavares was regularly criticised for his performances and Arteta is now believed to be willing to loan the defender out this summer. Grimaldo would hence come in as his replacement and give the North London side a high-quality alternative to the Scotland star. READ MOREChelsea 'receive response' from Juventus after 'offering two players' for Matthijs de LigtMan Utd hatch Frenkie de Jong announcement plan as transfer deal enters 'final stages'Tottenham on verge of fourth and fifth signings following double transfer breakthrough Arsenal are also reportedly on the lookout for another centre-back to join current options Gabriel, Ben White and William Saliba. The Gunners have reportedly had a bid for Ajax player Lisandro Martinez rejected as they look to increase their options. It has been a busy summer at the Emirates so far and Arsenal supporters will continue to watch the club’s business with interest as they look to attract players like Grimaldo.