It is vital that Britain does not squander the opportunities that leaving the EU has won us.We will not gain crucial competitive advantages that will unlock new jobs and investment if we fail to forge a more nimble and efficient nation. A majority of Britons resented being subservient to laws that originated in Brussels. We now have the chance to craft better laws.  But this is a task that requires imagination, intelligence, courage and drive - qualities which will also be needed in the next prime minister. No matter who succeeds Boris Johnson in No 10, we will hold them to account for how they deliver on the promise of Brexit. As our sister paper, the Daily Express, reported yesterday, Boris Johnson believes the next PM must "finish the Brexit job". He is right.The inequalities which blight our country are too great to be ignored; we must use every tool at our disposal to ignite growth and spread prosperity to communities that withered during our decades in the EU. For too long, creative thinking inWhitehall was constrained by the requirement to abide by European directives. The process of dismantling EU-imposed regulations is under way and today's decisionmakers have a unique chance to find new ways to encourage enterprise, empower the vulnerable and cherish our environment. The British people voted for urgent change in 2016 and the next prime minister must strive to make the dream of a fairer yet richer country a reality.  Express readers are famed for their common sense and do not need a patronising lecture on the importance of drinking water during a heatwave. But it is interesting to learn of the ways that animal lovers can help creatures during these hot days. We can fill bird feeders with soaked raisins or apple pieces, put out water for hedgehogs, and instead of taking our dogs for walks we can give them frozen treats. In these sweltering times, simple acts of kindness could save a life. Duchess of Cornwall, turns 75 today and we hope she enjoys the happiest of birthdays. She and Prince Charles enjoy a very special companionship and she encourages people who work for the common good in charities and the public services with her warmth, wit and keen interest in their work. Today is a chance for her to spend time with the family she adores. Her rich bonds with the nation will only deepen in the years ahead.