EastEnders stalwart Kat Slater (played by Jessie Wallace) has not had a lot to cheer about in recent months. With Phil Mitchell's (Steve McFadden) time in prison, his reported death and then subsequent resurrection, life has been hard for the leopard print Queen of Walford. But, the happy news of their love rekindling - to the sound of wedding bells - has given Albert Square's big-hitting couple a reason to be cheerful. As is so often the case in the Square, that feeling of joy will soon turn to rage though, once an unwelcome surprise is delivered at a pre-wedding party. Thoughtful Lily Slater (Lillia Turner) can see how Kat is not her usual bubbly self, so decides to sweetly suggest a mini celebration to raise her spirits. With the help of Big Mo (Laila Morse) sending snide bridal outfits, all is going to plan for the impromptu Slater get-together. Now Phil and Kat have set a date to say "I do", maybe the family can look ahead to the special day? READ MORE: Amanda Owen speaks out on new role ‘Jumped at the chance’ If only a party involving the Slater family was that straight forward. Lily believes the perfect pre-marital gift to cousin Kat is another big surprise. But, this second gift is far less well received - what form will this present be in? There are a lot of high profile loved ones who've been away from Walford for a while due to make a big return. There is one man who could make Kat quite furious - particularly so close to her wedding day. Former Queen Vic landlord Alfie Moon (Shane Richie) turning up at the party would understandably make his ex-wife hit the roof. The once cheeky chappy barman has not been seen in Walford for three years following his bitter feud with Phil. However, as Alfie's return is not due until the Autumn, the shock may be Jean Slater (Gillian Wright) returning from hospital to greet her family. After struggling to live with the bipolar Gran of the family, Kat and Stacey (Lacey Turner) will be unable to hide their anger at Lily's part in Jean's premature return. DON'T MISS...EastEnders theory: Suki Panesar exits Walford after Eve betrayal [THEORY]Why has Omar Lye-Fook left EastEnders as Avery Baker? [INSIGHT] EastEnders theory: Phil Mitchell sends Ben Mitchell to prison [THEORY]  Ahead of their wedding day, Kat cannot believe Lily thought Jean's arrival would be the smooth, drama-free build-up required for her big day. The future Mrs Mitchell knows she will have to take on some of the responsibility in looking after Jean. But, as many of Albert Square can vow, a relationship with Phil takes up seismic amounts of time, effort and emotional investment. Elsewhere, there are more unwelcome surprises on the BBC soap. It appears Kat will not be the only one who receives an unwelcome greeting next week. Jay Brown (Jamie Borthwick) also has a nasty surprise. His relationship with Honey (Emma Barton) hangs by a thread after his kiss with Lola Pearce (Danielle Harold). As gossip spreads like wildfire - with toddler Lexi the main source - news of romance between them lands itself on Billy Mitchell's (Perry Fenwick) lap. Honey's ex reacts in the only way Mitchell knows how and greets Jay with a punch in the face. EastEnders airs Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday on BBC One at 7.30pm.