A new study has taken a look at the leading broadband providers in the UK and ranked them on how many complaints they receive. The figures, from regulator Ofcom, has revealed how many moans Internet Service Providers (ISPs) such as Virgin Media, BT and Sky received in the first three months of this year. And the ISP that had the most complaints in Q1 2022 was Shell Energy, who also received the most complaints about landline services for the same period. The Ofcom study found that in Q1 2022 Shell Energy - whose broadband uses BT's Openreach network - received 22 complaints per 100,000 customers. In second place for most complaints was Virgin Media (18 complaints per 100,000 customers) followed by TalkTalk. The best performing broadband providers were EE, Sky and BT. EE received just three complaints per 100,000 customers, with Sky on four complaints and BT on seven. The industry average was 10 complaints per 100,000 customers. Anyone who has followed the results of these Ofcom studies may get a distinct sense of deja vu reading the latest findings. For Q4 2021 Shell Energy was also ranked as the broadband provider with most complaints, while in Q3 2021 it shared this spot with TalkTalk. Meanwhile, Sky, BT and EE have all been ranked in the top three when it comes to least amount of complaints for four quarters in a row (i.e Q2 2021, Q3 2021, Q4 2021 and Q1 2022). The study, also looked at complaints for mobile, landline and TV services. Sky, Tesco Mobile and EE were ranked as best when it comes to mobile customer complaints while for paid-for TV it was Sky. In terms of landline, it was EE who came out on top again. Speaking about the study's findings, Ofcom's Fergal Farragher said the gap between the best and worst providers - when it comes to customer complaints - was getting bigger. The regulator's consumer protection director said: "While the overall level of complaints has been consistently low over recent months, the gap between the best and worst providers in the broadband, landline and pay-TV sectors is widening. "The figures highlight how some firms have plenty of work to do to keep their customers happy and catch up with their rivals. If you’re not happy with the service you’re getting, consider shopping around and moving elsewhere." If you're thinking of switching providers after reading these latest figures, you can find details on one of the best broadband deals available with the highly ranked EE below...