Alex Brace was out at sea with a friend on Wednesday night for a sail just off of the tourist hotspot in Pembrokeshire. A member of the sailing club in Tenby, Alex explained that it was 8pm when they arrived back to dock the boat near the town’s North Beach. It was then that they both spotted something rather large in very shallow waters. Talking to WalesOnline, Alex said it was too large to be a catfish, and it certainly didn’t look like a dolphin. The pair quickly realised exactly what it was - a shark. "We had just come back in and we were in ankle-deep water when we spotted it," said Alex, who lives in Tenby and runs a mechanics there. "My friend was standing behind me and we could just see these fins in the water, and a couple of seconds later we realised it was a shark. "It was near us for a good two or three minutes and then it started heading off towards Saundersfoot. The distance between its fins must have been around five or six feet in length, so it must have been about 12 feet long in total. I’ve spoken to a few people and shown them the video and they said it was most likely a basking shark, given the way it was moving." Known as the "gentle giant" of the sea, the basking shark is actually the largest shark in UK seas, with adults typically measuring between 25 and 29 feet (between seven and eight metres) long. It is the second largest shark in the world after the whale shark. They do not attack humans and instead eat aquatic microorganisms called zooplankton. According to the Natural History Museum they can be found in British waters between May and October, and migrate as far as South Africa in winter.  While they can be spotted in parts of southern England, the west coast of Scotland, and Wales, sightings like the one witnessed in Tenby remain quite rare. “That’s the first one I’ve seen,” said Alex, who is a regular in the waters in and around Tenby. "We do see porpoises and seals but generally not sharks. I’ve spoken to some of the other people who sail on boats around here, and they said seeing one is rare. It was probably in water no more than waist deep. It was quite incredible really." 