Fans of cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, have shared their solutions for streak-free windows. Mrs Hinch is a cleaning and lifestyle influencer with more than 4.5 million followers on Instagram. Fans of hers love her cleaning tips so much they have taken to social media to create their own groups where they share cleaning and tidying hacks and tricks. On one such group, Facebook user Patti Hobbs asked Mrs Hinch fans: “The inside of my windows need cleaning badly. “I have a lot of windows and seems an impossible task. “What is the easiest streak free cleaning method please!” The post was inundated with responses but the most popular suggestion was to use tumble dryer water. Lynne Wheeler replied: “I’ve heard water from the tumble dryer is brilliant for cleaning windows.” READ MORE: Pippa Middleton lives in £17m home in Chelsea - perfect for new baby Alison Roberts commented: “Use the water from your tumble drier if you have one.” Trace Johnson wrote: “Tumble dryer water in a spray bottle and Minky glass cloth. “If you don't have a tumble dryer, car screen wash works as well.” Geraldine Barrett said: “Water collected from a condenser drier.” Liz Baxter replied to the post: “Tumble dryer water is great.” DON'T MISSAspirin can ‘supercharge’ your tomato plants into producing more fruit [INSIGHT]Mrs Hinch fans share household item hack for ousting weeds from paving [UPDATE]‘Perfect way’ to add property value and make a home ‘more desirable’ [ANALYSIS] Fiona Bell said: “Water from the condenser dryer is amazing for your windows.” This hack is not only effective but costs nothing for those who own a tumble dryer. Tumble dryer water also smells incredible as it comes from clean washing. Other suggestions from Mrs Hinch fans included using washing up liquid, a steam cleaner, anti-bacterial wipes, white vinegar and a window vacuum. Kati Castle said: “I wipe around the window seals and window with the anti bacterial wipes then I spray the glass with window glass cleaner and wipe it off with kitchen roll.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Claire Tickle commented: “Definitely dish soap and water then a good old squeegee!” Marian C Hutchison replied: “Wouldn't be without my steam cleaner for my huge windows.” Carol Tominay suggested: “Warm soapy water every time. Glass cleaners leave a build up. Can’t beat a Karcher window vac.” Morag Simpson said: “Washing up liquid, touch of vinegar and my Karcher window vacuum.” Shaz Kc wrote: “I use white vinegar spray, most importantly don’t use a cloth that has fabric softener on it from washing.  “I now keep four microfibre clothes for windows, mirrors and TV screens that I wash separately with no softener just w/pod and since have had streak free windows, mirrors and TV screens. “Poundstretchers sell white vinegar and it was £1 when I last brought it. Also a little spray goes a long way.” PamelaDarren Barham replied: “I use washing up liquid on a wet cloth. “Wipe window over and then squeegee quick and streak free.” Gail Anderson said: “Karcher window vacuum and white vinegar and water mix. “Leaves them totally streak-free and gleaming without any of the hard work.”