Harry Styles, 28, has shared his "heartbreak" to his fans after he was left with no choice but to cancel his Copenhagen show last night due to a shooting in a nearby shopping centre. At least three people have been killed and another four are in a critical condition in hospital. Harry took to Twitter to post a short message in the early hours of this morning, after it was announced minutes before he was due to perform that his show was not going ahead. He penned in view of his 37.9 million followers: "I’m heartbroken along with the people of Copenhagen. I adore this city. The people are so warm and full of love. "I’m devastated for the victims, their families, and everyone hurting. I’m sorry we couldn’t be together. Please look after each other. H." READ MORE: Fiona Bruce's 'toughest interview' as Lord Sugar shouted and swore Many social media users rushed to the comments to share their support for the star after the tragedy. Lauraisgolden said: "I’m heartbroken for every victim and the fans as well, but cancelling the show was for the best. "Please everyone stay safe. Sending all the love." Lhlwt added: "I love you so much, thank you for prioritizing everyone's well-being before the concert, proud that you did the right thing." Apapneo_ commented: "You did the right thing canceling the show and making sure everyone was safe. "Thank you for looking out for the fans that were on the premises! Hope you and the whole team are fine x." Police have said that the fatalities included two Danish 17-year-olds and a 47-year-old Russian citizen. A 22-year-old man was arrested minutes after the shooting, and has been described as "an Ethnic Dane". DON'T MISS... Novak Djokovic's sad confession about marriage to wife Jelena [MARRIAGE] Madonna, 63, recalls police 'arrest' threats for Like A Virgin [INSIGHT] Phillip Schofield, wife and daughter travel to Silverstone in chopper [ITV] Police chief officer Soeren Thomassen has said the shooter has mental health issues and that this was not a terrorist attack. The suspect, who has not been identified, will face questioning by a judge on Monday. The deadly shopping mall attack took place as Denmark celebrated hosting the first three stages of the Tour de France for the first time. Crowds had already gathered inside the venue for Harry's performance when the show's cancellation was announced. Fans were then escorted by police to underground stations where their parents were able to pick them up. A ticket-holder told AFP: "My daughters were supposed to go see Harry Styles. "They called me to say someone was shooting. They were in a restaurant when it happened. "We thought at first people were running because they had seen Harry Styles, then we understood that it was people in panic... We ran for our lives." Shortly after the shooting, the Danish royal family also announced that a reception is to be hosted by Crown Prince Frederik to celebrate hosting the Tour de France's first three stages had been cancelled.