Born in 2013, Prince George is third in line to the throne behind his grandfather Prince Charles and his dad Prince William. Due to his rank in the line of succession, and the subsequent expectation that he will one day become the British monarch, his birth was widely celebrated across the Commonwealth realms.  The nine-year-old occasionally accompanies his parents on royal tours and engagements. And in recent months, he has made more public appearances than ever - and even played a prominent role in the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations. But, according to royal expert Katie Nicholl, William and his mum Kate are keen to play down George's future role - despite their son understanding the order of succession. Ms Nicholl told OK!: “William struggled with [knowing his destiny] when he was a young man and he's very keen George doesn’t experience that same sense of burden from an early age.  “George understands the order of succession, and he knows that one day he will be king, but he also knows that’s a long way in the future. It's not made into a big deal.” As well as the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations, George also joined his parents at Wimbledon for the first time earlier this month and accompanied them on a trip to Cardiff in June. And according to Ms Nicholl, William and Kate carefully select the events to take George to as they want him to be comfortable. She added: “He’s not as outgoing or as extroverted as his sister or little brother but he seems quite comfortable taking on the few public duties he's done.  READ MORE: Harry and Meghan in bust up ahead of major royal event “The engagements that William and Kate have brought him to are things where George is going to feel comfortable.” Last week George turned nine, with mum Kate carrying on the tradition of releasing a picture, taken by her, to mark his birthday. Meanwhile, the Queen also shared a sweet birthday message to mark the occasion. The Head of State wrote the message on her official Twitter account where she thanked the band of the Irish Guards for a special treat put on for the young royal.  DON'T MISS:Commonwealth Games Opening Ceremony slated as ‘left-wing drama schoolEvacuations underway as massive blaze rips through several homesTraffic trouble as first ever ‘amber’ warning The caption read: “Thank you @irishguardsband for playing Happy Birthday to mark Prince George's birthday today! “The Duke of Cambridge is the Colonel of the @irish_guards." William became Colonel of the Irish Guards in 2011 and wore the uniform during his wedding to Kate that same year. 