The Sandman is coming to Netflix soon and the TV series gives viewers insight into the world waiting for them when they sleep. The Master of Dreams, otherwise known as Morpheus, is held prisoner for more than 100 years and his absence sets off a chain of disastrous events. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the dark fantasy series. The series is made up of 10 episodes, all of varying lengths and with unique titles. They will all arrive on the streaming platform at the same time on August 5. Fans in the US should have access from midnight, with UK viewers getting the episodes at 8am. The episode titles are as follows: Episode one - Sleep of the Just Episode two - Imperfect Hosts Episode three - Dream a Little Dream of Me Episode four - A Hope in Hell Episode five - 24/7 Episode six - The Sound of her Wings Episode seven - The Doll's House Episode eight - Playing House Episode nine - Collectors Episode 10 - Lost Hearts The episodes are referred to as chapters in the series. READ MORE: ‘It hurt’ Nina Wadia on pain of making The Sandman for Netflix The Sandman is a member of a family known as the Endless, immortal beings who rule their own realms. Tom is a 36-year-old English actor known for Being Julia, Like Minds and The Boat That Rocked.  The Corinthian is an escaped nightmare and the show's main antagonist. Boyd is a 40-year-old American actor and model known for Narcos, Milk and Run all Night.  Matthew is Dream's accomplice who was once a human but turned into a raven. He is voiced by Patton Oswalt, an American stand-up comedian.  Lucienne is the librarian whom Dream trusts with his life. Vivienne is an actress known for her roles in The Witches and The One.  Lucifer is the ruler of Hell and she is played by Gwendoline Christie. Gwendoline is a 43-year-old British actress known for playing Brienne of Tarth in Game of Thrones.  Roderick is a magician who tries to capture Death but captures Dream instead. He is played by Charles Dance, a 75-year-old English actor known for The Golden Child, Me Before You, Game of Thrones and more.  Johanna has the power to exorcise demons and she is a tough but tricky person. She is played by Jenna Coleman, a 36-year-old actress known for playing Clara Oswald in Doctor Who.  John has made it his mission to discover the truth after being lied to his whole life by his mother. He is played by David Thewlis, a 59-year-old actor known for playing Remus Lupin in the Harry Potter films.  Gilbert becomes the protector of one of the show's characters, Rose. He is played by Stephen Fry, a 64-year-old English actor and comedian.  Death is Dream's wiser and more sensible sister, played by Kirby Howell-Baptiste. The British actress is known for her roles in Killing Eve and Why Women Kill.  Desire is one of Dream's other siblings who is played by Mason Alexander Park. The 27-year-old American actor is known for their roles in Cowboy Bebop and Quantum Leap.  Desire's twin sister is played by Donna Preston. The actress and writer has starred in Fantastic Beasts: The Crimes of Grindelwald.  Rose is trying to find her missing brother and she has a special connection to Dream. She is played by Vanesu Samunyai, a Zimbabwe actress who is making her Netflix debut.  A loyal subject of Dream, Abel is the first victim of his brother, the first murderer, Cain. He is played by Asim Chaudhry, a British comedian known for playing Chabuddy G in People Just Do Nothing.  First murderer Cain is played by Sanjeev Bhaskar, an actor and comedian known for The Kumars at No 42.  Ethel is a love interest of Roderick in the series and she becomes John's mother. In the 1920s she is played by Niamh Walsh, with the older version of her character played by Joely Richardson.  Unity has spent years asleep and when she wakes up, she is desperate to discover the life she missed out on. She is played by Sandra James-Young, known for her roles in EastEnders, Casualty and Unforgotten.  Lyta is one of Rose's friends who is played by Razane Jammal. The Lebanese actress is known for her roles in Paranormal and her work in films by Kanye West. On July 23 Netflix released the official trailer for the series. The two-minute clip shows The Sandman using his powers to transport across different worlds. He says: "Your waking world is shaped by dreams, dreams and nightmares that I create and which I must control." Humanity is at risk of disappearing if the boundary between dreaming and reality is not maintained. Meanwhile, The Corinthian is making it his mission to reshape the world to his liking. DON'T MISS... Stranger Things star was 'apprehensive' about Vecna reveal [INTERVIEW] What is clonazepam in Virgin River? Denny's klonopin explained [EXPLAINER]Manifest season 4: All we know so far about the Netflix revival [INSIGHT] The Sandman was originally a comic written by Neil Gaiman back in the late 80s. In the TV adaptation, Dream is accidentally captured and this causes both the dreaming and waking worlds to change. In order to restore things back to how they must be, Dream journeys across different worlds to mend his mistakes. Each episode focuses on a character from Dream's present, past or future and they all influence his decision-making. On why Gaiman was keen to adapt the comics after so long, he said: "For well over 30 years, my part in Sandman adaptations was just to try and stop bad ones from happening. "And fortunately, I was always successful in this. We got to 2020 and Sandman was the biggest DC comics property that still had not been adapted — it was widely considered one of the jewels in the crown. "It was the adult comic that changed everything. This adaptation is the first time that I’ve been willing to come on board. "We've reached a point that really did not exist when the Sandman comics began. "Longer format, novelistic television series now have the special effects and budgets to bring this world to life."  The Sandman airs on Netflix on August 5