All eyes were on the Duke and Duchess of Sussex as they made a solo procession, holding each other's hands, down the nave of St Paul's Cathedral after the rest of the mass of more than 40 royals and before Prince Charles and the Cambridges at the event last month. But according to royal expert Camilla Tominey, the move "raised eyebrows" behind palace walls as they could have walked with Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie who they sat with. Writing in the Telegraph, Ms Tominey said: "The Telegraph has also learned that the Sussexes’ decision to take a solo walk down the lengthy aisle of St Paul’s Cathedral for the service of thanksgiving on June 3 'raised eyebrows' behind palace walls - not least when they could have walked with Beatrice, Eugenie and their husbands, who were seated next to them in the pews." Meghan smiled as she walked through the church, while Harry nodded greetings to members of the congregation. They were personally escorted by Lieutenant Colonel Sir Alexander Matheson of Matheson, the Queen’s Senior Gentleman Usher. Harry and Meghan had to squeeze past his cousins Beatrice and Eugenie and their husbands Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi and Jack Brooksbank, who were already seated, to get to their places. With little happening at carefully choreographed royal occasions by chance, it appeared to be a recognition of Harry’s place as sixth in line and a former spare to the heir and of the way things used to be. However, the Sussexes' relegated seats were a telling sign of their change in royal status. Working royals filled the front-row chairs, with Harry and Meghan in the second row. They were far across the aisle from Charles, Camilla, Prince William and Kate. READ MORE: Meghan 'toying with idea' of tell-all book to eliminate obstacle It was the couple's first public appearance alongside the Windsors since they stepped down as senior royals two years ago. Harry and Meghan travelled back from the US for the Platinum Jubilee celebrations. It was the first time they have returned to Britain with their two children Archie and Lilibet since Megxit. DON'T MISSMeghan and Harry 'insist' The Crown 'stop before reaching us'Prince William 'unhappy' Meghan using royal title in politics rowMeghan Markle is 'most intelligent royal' - doesn't 'remain silent' However, they were absent from many of the festivities during the extended bank holiday weekend as they kept a low profile. The Sussexes quit as working royals in 2020 for new lives of personal and financial freedom across the pond. The couple have set up home in the celebrity enclave of Montecito in California. Since stepping back from the Royal Family, they have signed lucrative deals with Netflix and Spotify.