Cristiano Ronaldo is trying to "bully" Manchester United with his transfer demands, claims former England winger Trevor Sinclair. Ronaldo wants to leave Old Trafford this summer and has reportedly asked for his contract to be terminated. The former Real Madrid and Juventus forward is yet to return to pre-season training and missed the club's recent tour due to personal reasons. He had a meeting with United boss Erik ten Hag on Tuesday to discuss his future. But Ronaldo is still in the mindset that he wants to leave in this window. The Mail says the 37-year-old wants to be released from his contract in order to go for free. But Sinclair believes rival clubs in the Premier League wouldn't put up with that behaviour from one of their players. He says the likes of Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp and Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta would not stand Ronaldo's behaviour, unlike Ten Hag. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd De Jong boost, Chelsea 'submit bid', Arsenal exit confirmed  And the pundit has pleaded with United not to accept his demands. "He is holding the club to ransom,” Sinclair told talkSPORT. "Can you imagine a player doing this to Pep Guardiola or Jurgen Klopp? Antonio Conte, Thomas Tuchel… we saw how he handled the Romelu Lukaku situation, he wasn’t having any of his shenanigans. "Even Mikel Arteta, a young manager, told Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, his star player, ‘You’re not playing, I’ll get you out of here as soon as I can’. In this situation, Ronaldo is trying to leave, Erik ten Hag is new in the job, it’s a difficult situation, but I don’t want to see United getting bullied. "I think that’s what Ronaldo is trying to do. I’ve always been brought up that no player is bigger than the club and if United heed to his demands, they’re proving they can be bullied off a footballer." DON'T MISSMan Utd have potential deal thrown off the table after links labelled 'fake'Erik ten Hag drops three Man Utd stars from Atletico trip after Fletcher meetingMan Utd could be about to sign another Radamel Falcao and Carlos Tevez  Last week, Sinclair claimed Ten Hag may already have the player to replace Ronaldo in Anthony Martial. He said: "He's done well, Tony. Been impressed with him pre-season, scored some good goals. "He looked fit before pre-season started, looked like he hit the ground running, looked like he had a smile on his face. New manager comes in, wipes the slate clean, he’s got a great opportunity. "Why would you want to leave Manchester United if they’re on their way back and you can be their main No.9? I think that's what Erik ten Hag said, 'if you start well and start giving us what I want you to give us... and I've shown you in training what I want', he's started scoring goals." 