Kettles are popular appliances in kitchens of many across the UK but equally, they also tend to be one of the last items on the cleaning agenda. A build-up of limescale can impede its performance but fortunately, it’s surprisingly easy to clean away, and you likely already have the items in the cupboard to do it. Limescale is a hard, chalky deposit largely consisting of calcium carbonate and forms when hard water evaporates. Not only is it unsightly, but it can also cause higher electricity consumption while the kettle takes longer to boil, adding a few more pounds to your already costly energy bill. It also affects the quality of the water and the longer your kettle is left riddled with it, the worse it will get. According to Scale Guard, around 60 percent of the UK is classified as having hard or very hard water, making limescale a likely common problem for many - especially those in the southern regions where water is noted to be hardest.  READ MORE: 'Game changer' tip to clean 'cloudy' hard water marks from your shower   However, there are easy and fast ways to clean your kettle - and as with everything, effective ways to avoid the problem in the first place. Fantastic Cleaners said: “Given that limescale is formed after hard water is boiled and left in a kettle, the best way to avoid the problem is not to leave the liquid to sit in the appliance. “As for cleaning frequency, it mainly depends on the area you live in and the water quality there. “Better inspect your kettle weekly, and if you notice any hard white deposits, get to work right away.”  So, what’s the best method to use to “get to work” on it? For those who are looking for a cheap, easy and natural alternative to chemical-based descalers, you’re in luck. Lemon juice is known to be an effective ingredient to rid your kettle of limescale and leave it sparkling instead. DON'T MISS:‘They never get in’: Cleaning enthusiasts share £1 talc hack [INSIGHT]Surfaces to ‘avoid’ cleaning with citric acid [ANALYSIS]How to stop maggots hatching in your kitchen bin this summer [EXPLAINED]    Fantastic Cleaners said: “Cleaning a kettle with lemon and water solution is a natural and safe option compared to other harsh chemicals. “The lemons will not just destroy the limescale but will also brighten up the kettle’s interior and provide a pleasant, refreshing smell.” All you have to do is cut a lemon into two haves and squeeze it directly into the appliance. Use the lemon halves to clean the outside by rubbing them over the surface. Its antibacterial and antiseptic properties will help kill the bacteria and remove any mildew around the outside.  Next, Fantastic Cleaners advised cutting up the halves into small pieces and adding them to the kettle. Pour around 500ml of water into the mixture, until it's at least halfway, and leave it to boil. Let the mixture sit for around 15 minutes before pouring the contents into a jug. You can use this for further cleaning purposes. Once the mixture is removed, rinse the kettle around four to five times with warm water and dry the outside off using a microfiber cloth. 