Drivers have been encouraged to check their electric vehicles to see if they can benefit from the little-known features to make the heatwave more bearable. When driving in the heat, motorists can avoid extensive battery damage especially when it is unused. If an owner is away on holiday, they should leave the car with between 20 and 80 percent charge in the cells. Tesla’s “Dog Mode” allows drivers to keep the air conditioning running while they are away from the car to keep any pets happy. The Elon Musk-owned automaker also has “Camp Mode” which allows drivers to run some of the systems overnight if they are sleeping in the car. Other brands, such as Hyundai, Kia and MG also have “Vehicle To Load” systems which lets drivers run mains electrical appliances from the car’s main battery. READ MORE: Drivers urged to make use of simple button to boost fuel efficiency That could be perfect to keep a fridge on a campsite or even keep the bouncy castle inflated at the local village fete. In extreme circumstances such as a power cut, they can also be used to keep household appliances running. Ginny Buckley, Founder and CEO of Electrifying.com, said drivers would be able to benefit from their electric cars this summer. She added: “With heatwaves like the one we’re experiencing set to become commonplace in the UK each summer, and with more people wanting to make the switch, it’s important for drivers to be clued up on how they can make the most of their electric car in the hot weather. DON'T MISSDrivers could be saving hundreds on fuel by pressing secret button [INSIGHT]Petrol will be £10 per tank cheaper within two weeks, AA says [IMPORTANT]Drivers warned of 'dangerous' melting roads as gritters sent out [SHOCKING] “We know how uncomfortable driving can be in this heat, especially when you first set off - this is where electric cars stand out from the crowd. “They can be preconditioned to reach your optimum temperature before you even step foot inside. “And with many of us setting off on staycations and making the most of the outdoors during the school holidays, many drivers may not be aware that some electric cars can also be used to power up electrical appliances when you’re out and about - from a portable fridge to a bouncy castle at a party. “Keeping your cool in an electric car has never been easier.” This comes as research shows that 56 percent of drivers are looking to switch to electric in the next 12 months. Drivers may be familiar with the concept of “preheating” their electric car in the winter months, but it can be done in the summer too. The added advantage of this is that most electric cars will also precondition the battery at the same time to ensure it is at the optimum temperature for efficiency. Battery packs do their best work when they’re not too hot, and not too cold. Extreme heat can damage the battery’s cells, particularly if the car is travelling quickly on a motorway and then charging at a rapid charge point. Most electric cars have conditioning systems which will automatically sense the battery temperature and cool it down. If possible, drivers should try and reschedule their longer drives to times when it is cooler. Also bear in mind that batteries don’t like being left in very low or very high states of charge for long periods.