Kate Middleton re-wore her vibrant yellow Roksanda dress for Saturday’s Wimbledon engagement. But as some royal fans may have noticed, the Duchess of Cambridge could be seen wearing a hat in some of the photos. This was a breach of style protocol in the royal box at Wimbledon.  Anyone sitting in the royal box is "asked not to wear hats, in case it blocks the view of others around them", according to their website. This differs from other seating areas at Wimbledon. Kate chose to wear an LK Bennett Saffron Straw Hat which retails at £55. Unfortunately, the item is now out of stock. The description on the website says: “A floppy straw sun hat is full of vintage charm, and our Saffron hat absolutely takes on that glamour. “Crafted from natural woven straw, it's a wide-brimmed, floppy style with a round crown and is finished with an elegant navy blue ribbon. “Shade seekers will love it.” The Duchess also accessorised with her Wimbledon member's pin.  For jewellery, Kate chose a pair of Kiki McDonough Eden Citrine Drops. She tied the outfit together with her Bulgari sunglasses. Although Kate seemingly broke the Wimbledon dress code, one other royal had to follow the style rules back in 2018. As Meghan Markle was seated in the front row of the royal box, sadly this meant that the Duchess of Sussex was not allowed to put on her hat. READ MORE: Pippa Middleton lives in £17m home in Chelsea - perfect for new baby For her first appearance at Wimbledon as a member of the Royal Family, Meghan wore a blue and white striped Ralph Lauren shirt, along with a pair of crisp silk Ralph Lauren pants. Even though the Duchess carried her hat throughout her trip to Wimbledon, she was not seen wearing it at any point. While she did don her pair of Illesteva Leonard sunglasses, she simply carried the Maison Michel straw hat during the excursion, never putting it on. The reason for this is not to do with royal protocol, but rather the rules that Wimbledon has for attendees sitting in the royal box.  "Spectators in the royal box have to follow a set of fashion rules, with guests being asked to dress smartly – and men advised to wear a jacket and tie,” according to The Sun. This is why Prince George had to wear a suit and tie at Wimbledon during Sunday’s match. Many royal commentators and fans questioned why George was not in a polo shirt or something lighter to protect him from the scorching heat. However, George was simply following the Wimbledon dress code. 