Stefanos Tsitsipas appeared broken by the strong Nick Kyrgios support in their fiery Wimbledon clash on Saturday with the Greek tennis ace guilty of overstepping the mark on several occasions. Tsitsipas' match against Kyrgios was always going to provide fireworks but nobody predicted what would occur on Saturday night.  The crowd were already pro-Kyrgios from the outset with the Aussie playing up to the spectators with a tweener and underarm serve through the legs. But he soon began growing frustrated in the match and aimed some of his fury at the line judges. Tsitsipas tried to remain calm amid the storm the other side of the court. However, he soon became the villain when he stepped behind the baseline to recompose himself when Kyrgios was talking at length with a fan while waiting to serve. By the second set, Tsitsipas had lost his cool and received a code violation after smashing a ball into the crowd and appearing to hit a fan. It all kicked off at the stage with Kyrgios calling for anothe supervisor to the court, demanding Tsitsipas to be defaulted for hitting into the crowd. The Aussie also spoke how Novak Djokovic was severly punished at the 2020 US Open for hitting a ball at a line umpire. The pantomime continued in the third set as Kyrgios began to take control with Tsitsipas struggling to cope. Tsitsipas was broken early in the third and he appeared to let out his frustrations again after Kyrgios caught him out again with an underarm serve.  The world No 6 sprinted towards the ball and once again smashed his return in anger to the other side of the court. And it didn't seem as though Tsitsipas was aiming for anything in particular as it once again landed in the crowd. Umpire Damien Dumusois issued Tsitsipas with a point penalty after that with Tsitsipas going up to argue his case. After losing the third, Tsitsipas seemed to calm down but there were still some angry outbursts. Kyrgios had left a drop shot too deep, giving Tsitsipas the perfect chance to smash a winner. But the Wimbledon crowd gasped as Tsitsipas came forward and hit his winner straight at Kyrgios. The Aussie didn't appear to react and Tsitsipas didn't apologise for the fierce shot.