The Conservative leadership contest has entered the final stage with the two remaining candidates, Liz Truss and Rishi Sunak, set to engage in a battle of summer campaigning. With the competition set to conclude on the 5th September with the announcement of a new party leader, the victorious candidate will be faced with the momentous task of resurrecting the party. In wake of Boris Johnson’s leadership, there have been concerns that support for the Tories has dwindled among the electorate following a series of high-profile controversies involving  leading members of the Government. As either Ms Truss or Mr Sunak succeeds the outgoing Prime Minister in the coming months, they will be challenged to regain the trust of voters up and down the country to ensure continued general election success for the Conservatives.    Speaking to the Daily Express, Nicholas Allen, a politics professor from Royal Holloway University of London, offered his assessment of recent voting patterns and the possible future of election results. Dr Allen said: “Those by-election results came on top of not a great result in the local elections and, generally, the Conservative’s electoral fortunes going south in the polls. “It isn't the case that the Conservatives are generally reckoned to be a confident, united bunch of politicians or a competent Government. “The voting public, at least in opinion polls, seem to be increasingly disdainful of the Conservatives.”    While the resignation of Mr Johnson had been anticipated, the announcement came too late for some of his critics as opposition members shamed the Conservatives for not ousting the Prime Minister sooner. Mr Johnson was able to cling to leadership despite a series of controversies involving the Partygate scandal and allegations he deliberately misled Parliament, a breach of the Ministerial Code. Ultimately, it was the revelation that the Prime Minister had been aware of allegations concerning former Deputy Chief Whip Chris Pincher prior to his appointment. The news saw Conservative party members turn on their leader as close to 60 members resigned over the following days. Read more: Farage slams Tory contest but says Truss is ‘least worst'  Dr Allen said: “I suppose the big question mark is, will a change of leader be able to resurrect their fortunes?” Since Mr Johnson confirmed his decision to step down as Prime Minister, the Conservative party has not been short of hopeful candidates vying to succeed him as next party leader. In the earlier stages of the competition, backbench and lesser-known candidates gained support by pledging to offer a fresh face to the Conservative party leadership. While some contenders argued that it was entirely essential the new leader had not been heavily associated with Mr Johnson’s Government, the leadership race has been narrowed to just two remaining candidates: Rishi Sunak and Liz Truss. Don't miss: Leadership contest has left Tories with toxic divide [INSIGHT]The Tory debates were a joke - where was the talk on real issues? [ANALYSIS]‘Genuine dislike’ Tory leadership rivalry set to turn ‘very personal' [REVEAL] Mr Sunak is well recognised as the former Chancellor of the Exchequer, serving as a leading member of Mr Johnson’s Cabinet before his abrupt resignation following the Chris Pincher scandal. Ms Truss, the Foreign Secretary, also served in the outgoing Prime Ministers Cabinet but, notably, did not resign from her role in the final days of Mr Johnson’s leadership. Whichever candidate is victorious, both will struggle to escape their association with Boris Johnson’s Government as both held leading Cabinet roles. However, both have explained that their work alongside Mr Johnson has provided them with ample experience of Government responsibility, something both are keen to further with a leadership position. The new Prime Minister, whoever emerges triumphant, will certainly have to deliver exceptional promises through direct and effective policy to secure the ongoing reign of the Conservative party in Government. Read next: By talking or walking Liz Truss will finish Brexit one way or anotherWhen is next UK election?Angry Tory members DEMAND vote on Boris Johnson being reinstated as PMTory Leadership LIVE: Cummings rages at 'remainer' Truss Tories panic party to be DESTROYED in Rishi v Truss leadership race