Naga Munchetty addressed a "big change" she faced after the BBC Breakfast presenter left London for a more quiet life. When she's not on set of the morning show, the on-screen host stays in her suburban home with her husband James Haggar and their pet cats. The 47-year-old and her partner both have extremely busy careers but when the presenter is out of the spotlight she takes refuge at her home in Hertfordshire. But the move to a leafy suburb was admittedly a big change for Naga who hailed from Streatham in London. The BBC favourite moved to their home over a decade ago and added she "felt very safe here". "I was born and bred in south London, so living in Hertfordshire is a big change and I love it", Naga told the Daily Mail in 2016. READ MORE: Tiger Woods' ex-wife Elin Nordegren on 'animosity' amid split "I can look out of the window and see nothing but fields and I feel very safe here. I wanted a dog, but it wouldn't fit our lifestyle, so we got the cats and they're our pride and joy." Addressing life away from the London commotion, she commented: "I moved to this house six years ago with my husband James Haggar, a TV director." "And if I'm not away working I'll be curled up on this sofa most nights watching TV and stroking my two Siamese cats, Kinky and Ronnie." Naga and James dated each other for several years before they tied the knot.  They enjoyed their first date at a pool club - a place both the snooker fans loved. The couple later tied the knot in 2007 and the broadcaster has since shared a rare insight into their relationship. Naga previously admitted the couple never had arguments. "James and I don't row, and he's a lovely, lovely man, he's definitely the better half," she said while discussing her partner on the Her Spirit podcast. DON'T MISS... Comedian Rhod Gilbert announces he’s undergoing cancer treatment[LATEST]Billie Piper 'unrecognisable' after drastic hair transformation [PICTURES]'Wish I could've persevered' Fern Britton talks regret over Phil split[ADMISSION] Naga told The Guardian in 2016 that golf is key in their relationship. She said: "It gives us a few hours together when we’re walking and talking and catching up; it really makes a difference. "Golf takes you on a journey together, and it means you stay in touch with one another." Elsewhere, Naga was inundated with support as she told of her devastation at losing her family cat Missy in an emotional social media post. The BBC Breakfast host took to Instagram to tell how the death of their beloved cat has left a "hole" in hers and her husband's hearts as she paid tribute to the feline. She wrote: "Said goodbye to our darling, sweet girl Missy yesterday. She may have been small, but she was immense in stature. "The sweetest cat I've ever loved. "She's left a massive hole in our hearts and home," she ended the post. BBC Breakfast airs daily on BBC One at 6am. 