Britain is likely to face its hottest day on record this week as it’s blasted by a heatwave. But as climate change affects Europe, how will holiday destinations be impacted? As climate change causes sea levels to rise, some of Europe’s most popular beaches are under threat of disappearing. Spain’s Balearic islands are at risk with some of Majorca’s gorgeous beaches shrinking as water levels rise. According to a study by the Balearic Islands Oceanographic Centre, 66 percent of Balearic beaches could be lost by the end of the century. Closer to home, some popular seaside towns in the UK are also at risk of rising sea levels including Camber in Sussex. READ MORE: Suitcase packing: The 'folding' method to 'carry more' in your bag Recent extreme temperatures in Spain, Portugal and France have led to dangerous forest fires. Portugal has lost 98,000 acres of trees to forest fires since the start of the year and mid June. Fires in Spain have blazed near popular tourist areas on the Costa del Sol with some residents forced to evacuate this year. France has evacuated more than 16,000 people under threat of fires in the south-west of the country. Although British tourists are used to high temperatures in popular countries such as Spain and Portugal, it may soon become too hot for holidaymakers. A sustainable tourism expert, Dagmar Lund-Durlacher, told German paper Deutsche-Welle: “There may already be some tourists who avoid the Mediterranean during summer because of the heat.” Temperatures reached 45 degrees in some parts of Spain this July which may simply be too hot for some tourists. Soaring temperatures also increase the risk of heatstroke, sunburn and sickness, all of which can be very dangerous. READ MORE: easyJet, BA are the worst airlines for travel chaos - full list Climate change has caused the number of natural disasters around the globe to dramatically increase. The number of disasters quadrupled between 1970 and 2016 with floods and fires on the increase. In 2021, devastating floods in parts of Germany led to the deaths of 243 people and a huge amount of damage. Dangerous disasters such as floods and droughts are likely to become more common if the planet keeps increasing in temperature. Professor Myles Allen, a climate expert, told the BBC: “Heatwaves are one of the clearest signs of extreme weather of human influence on weather. “It’s absolutely not too late, because future warming is determined by future emissions. If we stop dumping carbon dioxide into the atmosphere, the world will stop warming.” If Governments enact the promises they made at COP26, the world is expected to warm by 2.4 degrees by the end of the century. However, if countries fail to cut emissions, the world could see a shocking rise of four degrees by the end of the century.