His lawyer said Venables is unlikely to live past 100, but a judge told the killer: “I do not accept that your life expectancy must be short.” She also branded the way he had disposed of wife Brenda’s body as “disgusting and repulsive.” Venables showed no emotion as he was sentenced – but he could be heard repeatedly shouting the single word “No” as he was taken to the cells. The womaniser who posed as a “gentleman farmer” killed Brenda in 1982 and dumped her in the underground tank at their home, Quaking House Farm, in Kempsey, Worcs. He told police Brenda, 48, who was suffering from depression, had vanished in the middle of the night and suggested she had committed suicide. But the grisly truth emerged in 2019 when Brenda’s remains were finally discovered, weighed down by a manhole cover. Venables protested his innocence and even tried to claim Brenda was a victim of serial killer Fred West. But a jury last week found him guilty of murder. Mrs Justice Tipples yesterday said Venables had used Brenda’s depression to fabricate a “carefully thought-out story.” She rejected defence claims that the killing had happened in the heat of the moment, saying the disposal of Brenda’s body in the septic tank must have required considerable planning. She told the murderer: “You were Brenda’s husband and she should have been able to trust you. Your complete lack of respect for Brenda is obvious from your decision to dispose of her body in the septic tank." “The fact that is what you did with her body is disgusting and repulsive.” Worcester Crown Court had heard Venables killed Brenda so he could rekindle his affair with Lorraine Styles, his mother’s former carer. And he almost got away with it. In 2013 he sold the farm to a relative for £460,000 and moved to another property in the same village. But when the septic tank was emptied for cleaning six years later, tragic Brenda’s body was found. In a statement, her family said: “We will never be able to forgive David Venables...for what he did.” They added: “The horrendous circumstances in which she was found have been very difficult for her whole family to come to terms with." “The thought that Brenda lay there for over 37 years undiscovered, while the septic tank continued to be used, is simply unthinkable.”