The signing of Christian Eriksen provided Manchester United with a timely boost on Friday, but it is not good news for everyone at the club. United fought off competition from Brentford and Tottenham to sign free agent Eriksen on a three-year contract and he represents an exciting and prudent piece of business for Erik ten Hag’s side.     United have endured a difficult start to the summer transfer window, with frustration the operative word. Negotiations with Barcelona for top target Frenkie de Jong have stalled, leaving Tyrell Malacia as the only confirmed arrival before Eriksen’s. The 30-year-old Denmark international reminded everyone of just how good he is during a successful and eye-catching stint with Brentford last season and has a wealth of Premier League experience from his time at Tottenham. In total, he has 52 goals and 66 assists in 237 Premier League appearances. Announcing the signing, John Murtough, United’s football director, said: “Christian has been one of the best attacking midfielders in Europe throughout his career. It is no surprise that he had so many options this summer, so we are really happy that he was convinced that this is the right club for him. JUST IN: Man Utd-bound Lisandro Martinez spotted on private plane  “In addition to his outstanding technique, Christian will add valuable experience and leadership skills to the squad, and we are looking forward to seeing the benefits of these qualities on the pitch this coming season and beyond.” The benefits that Murtough speaks of are undeniable, but they could create problems for others already at United. The departures of Paul Pogba, Nemanja Matic, Jesse Lingard and Juan Mata this summer saw opportunities arise at the club. Midfield places were suddenly up for grabs – and the current pre-season tour has shown hungry players fighting for recognition. DON'T MISS Man Utd's Marcus Rashford aims brutal 'history' dig at Man City Barcelona chief explains Frenkie de Jong sale decision Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag has exciting Frenkie de Jong expectation  The arrival of Ten Hag at United was fantastic news for Donny van de Beek, who returned from his loan spell at Everton delighted to be reunited with his old Ajax boss. With a pursuit of his former team-mate De Jong in the offing, it appeared to be a perfect summer for Van de Beek. The arrival of Eriksen takes the gloss off that. Despite the relationship with Ten Hag, Eriksen is likely to move ahead of Van de Beek in the pecking order. With Bruno Fernandes also untouchable, his chances of getting a regular starting berth suddenly look slim. Although Scott McTominay and Fred appear secure as holding midfielders for now, De Jong could change all of that. In the meantime, though, it is youngsters like James Garner, Hannibal Mejbri and Charlie Savage who might suffer due to Eriksen’s arrival.  All three are currently out in Australia with United, trying to impress Ten Hag in training. But opportunities in pre-season tours and in real-life competitive matches are very different things. Eriksen simply puts another barrier in the way of a breakthrough occurring in the upcoming season. Speaking about the club’s young players, Ten Hag said: “That’s why we took them with us, we want to have impression of all the players. They got chance to show what they can and what capabilities they can contribute to Man Utd or maybe a loan period better, also there is other possibilities. This is good United has some talents, but you see they need improvements and development.” Garner spent last season on loan with Nottingham Forest and, at 21 years old, might think his time is now. Mejbri and Savage, meanwhile, may be destined for loan spells, like Ten Hag suggested, if they cannot get a sniff of first-team action. 