Roger Johnson and Sima Kotecha were back on Sunday to host the latest instalment of BBC Breakfast. Mike Bushell was in Birmingham once again to give the latest Commonwealth Games coverage. However, during the pre-recorded travel segment, the BBC programme was pulled offline due to technical issues. Roger and Sima both shared the off-screen moment on their social media accounts. In view of his Twitter followers, Roger shared an image of BBC staff trying to fix their computers. He explained while the pre-recorded travel segment was playing, the hosts and channel were dealing with a series of IT issues. He penned: "Running repairs to @BBCBreakfast computers … while you’re enjoying The Travel Show! Back online for 7am." READ MORE: BBC's Mike Bushell leaves guest gobsmacked after he runs off When asked whether he'd split coffee over the computer, Roger confirmed what had actually happened. He later added: "In truth, the makeshift mini music stand, which holds the screen, collapsed!" Another of Roger's followers simply joked: "Bang!" Sima also shared the behind-the-scenes blunder on Twitter.   Posting a picture of the pair, and the BBC crew trying to solve the technical issue, Sima wrote: "Lovely to be back with @RogerJ_01...it’s been a while. "And thanks to these lads for their last-minute DIY after laptop collapse - eek!@BBCBreakfast." Sima regularly stands in for the main presenters on BBC Breakfast, and viewers were thrilled to see the host back on the red sofa. Michael replied: "Great to see you Sima your looking beautiful as ever I don’t see you that often so it’s so lovely to see you what a great way to start Sunday morning." DON'T MISS...NCIS’ Pauley Perrette ‘really excited’ as she makes rare TV return [INSIGHT]Coronation Street theory: Stephen Reid is Aaron Sandford's father  [SPOILERS]BBC Breakfast backlash as viewers blast coverage 'Any real news today? [REACTION]   Ian wrote: "Morning. Lovely to see you back on the BBC sofa. Have a great day." While Matthew added: "Great to see you on Breakfast, you are a fabulous reporter, and presenter." Luckily, the mishap didn't affect Roger and Sima, as the duo were back to continue with the show when the travel segment ended at 7am. Elsewhere in the show, Mike was back in Birmingham to present the latest coverage from the Commonwealth Games.  While John Watson and Stephen Warnock gave the latest Euro 2022 coverage from Wembley. Taking to social media to comment on his co-star's appearances, Roger wrote: "Looks like the @BBCBreakfast sports contributors all got the dress code memo! "@mikebreakfast @JohnWatsonSport @StephenWarnock3." (sic) BBC Breakfast airs weekdays at 6am on BBC One.   