Princess Anne, 71, has been happily married to Timothy Laurence since 1992. The pair were forced to wed in Scotland as the Church of England at the time did not permit remarrying. Anne had married her ex-husband Mark at Westminster Abbey almost two decades earlier. Interestingly, the engagement rings Anne received from both Mark and Timothy featured blue sapphires. Both of them also broke with royal tradition and went against the protocol at the time, according to a jewellery expert. This is because it wasn’t until Princess Diana that members of the Royal Family were given engagement rings made with sapphire gemstones. Usually, the rings contained the more popular diamond. READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Kate Middleton's relationship is 'frosty' Leading engagement ring specialist at Steven Stone, Max Stone, told Express.co.uk: “It’s interesting that Princess Anne received sapphire engagement rings rather than traditional diamond rings. “Blue sapphires are often linked to people who are respectful, loyal, hardworking, and honest, which only makes these rings even more special. “This perhaps could have meant something to Princess Anne.” Going on to describe the rings, Max said: “Both her rings are beautiful, however, neither of the centre stones are overstated.  “Instead, Princess Anne opted for more subtle engagement rings with unique detailing and meaningful symbolism.” Max noted that another famous royal had worn a sapphire ring before she got married: Princess Diana. This ring is now in the hands of Kate Middleton, who wears it often to royal engagements. Meanwhile, “the Queen is frequently seen sporting the gemstone [sapphire] on her famous brooches”. The jewellery expert continued: “It’s clear the Royal Family are huge fans of sapphires, a stone which is traditionally believed to attract abundance and blessings. “Historically it has been used to protect against negative energies, as well as calm the mind, strengthen intuition, and invite spiritual clarity, so it's no wonder the royal ladies love them.” Princess Anne’s engagement ring from Timothy Laurence features an oval cabochon-cut blue sapphire, which is around two to three carats. The cabochon gem is set in yellow gold and framed by a cluster of three small diamonds. Steven Stone experts have estimated that the ring is now worth a whopping £25,000. Anne’s first engagement ring was similar to her second engagement ring, with the central stone also being a blue cabochon sapphire, but it was flanked with only one diamond on either side, rather than a cluster. It was traditionally set on a yellow gold band, using Welsh gold, as it is tradition for most royal rings. However, Steven Stone estimated it to be a little lower than the second engagement ring, costing around £10,000.