We also agree that we need to complete the Brexit we promised and implement more of the wins that independence can bring. We agree that we want to bring inflation down and create more economic growth. We are committed to levelling up, to spread investment, better paid jobs and wider ownership around the whole country. We are ambitious for our country. Most support the Prime Minister’s stance on the war in Ukraine. There are also a number of things that Conservative MPs disagree about. There is some impatience about whether the right policies are being put in to further these crucial aims for our country. There has been disagreement about the style of leadership offered by the Prime Minister and top team. There is understandable concern about the failings of a number of Conservative MPs who have faced serious allegations and in some cases have been found guilty of wrong conduct. There are groups of MPs now forming around potential leadership candidates for the leadership election who will wish to set out distinctive paths. I urge the interim Government now being formed to get on with things that need doing. Waiting all summer for a new Leader when there are urgent matters to attend to would be dangerous. The Government  should announce a cost of living package before the summer recess. As a minimum it should suspend VAT on domestic fuel all the time prices are elevated. It should halve VAT on petrol and diesel at the pumps. It should cancel the National Insurance rise it put through for this year. It needs to show it is fighting recession, the new threat, as well as helping get prices down by cutting the tax on expensive items like fuel. The Government needs to complete its legislation on the Northern Ireland Protocol. It is a matter of some urgency that we restore GB to NI trade by removing the needless EU barriers, and clarify our right to set VAT in Northern Ireland as in the rest of the UK. The Government should set out a more optimistic vision of the future, showing how it will promote wider ownership, more opportunity and higher real incomes. It should amend its Levelling Up Bill to stress the importance of private sector led growth and to give local communities more say in their local plans over new housebuilding in their areas. It is wrong that so much of that investment is concentrated in places that do not want or need it, starving places that would like some new activity and growth. Above all the Government should seek to find more of those positive values and policies that bring all Conservatives together. We are best when we are cutting taxes, reducing needless regulation, giving people hand ups rather than hand outs and supporting individuals on their personal journeys. We need more freedoms and less hectoring from government. The Rt Hon Sir John Redwood MP, D.Phil, FCSI, is Member of Parliament for Wokingham.