The team behind Call the Midwife shared a behind-the-scenes photograph of Doctor Patrick Turner's (played by Stephen McGann) on-screen children to make an announcement to its loyal fans. The social media post revealed filming is now complete on this year's Christmas special of the much-loved BBC drama and work on the upcoming season is well underway. Call the Midwife fans were left on the edge of their seats when Sister Julienne (Jenny Agutter) and Dr Turner were involved in a horrific train crash in last season's finale. Luckily, both of the beloved characters survived the crash but the tragedy could impact them as they try and move forward with their day-to-day lives in Poplar. The BBC drama is set to return to screens on Christmas Day for its festive special, but little has been revealed about upcoming storylines. So fans were thrilled when Call the Midwife bosses revealed season 12 is now midway through production on the show's official Facebook page. READ MORE: ‘Floundering’ Harry’s US ambitions savaged by Sharon Osbourne The statement read: "It's that time of year when Call the Midwife takes a short recess in the middle of filming to give our hard-working team a well-earned rest with their families. "Filming days can be very long, and the hours very inhospitable - and so our production likes to reward our team with a decent break midway through so that they can return refreshed to complete the series." It continued: "So how are we doing? Really, really well!" "We have already completed Christmas filming, and are well into series 12!  "When we return from our summer break, we have the last half of our stories to film, and won't complete that till the early winter. Call the Midwife is truly a four seasons job!" It added: "In the meantime, we thought we'd share an on-set pic of our young Turner children looking suitably end-of-term crazy! "I swear these kids get cheekier by the month! "Call the Midwife returns with a new Christmas Special and Series 12 in 2023." DON'T MISS...Call the Midwife’s Helen George opens up on ‘awkward’ kiss [UPDATE]Call the Midwife teases proposal for Trixie as return confirmed [INSIGHT]Helen George husband: Is the Call The Midwife star married? [EXPLAINER] The post sent fans into a frenzy, with waves of avid watchers expressing their excitement. Sylvia Johnson penned: "Love this program and I am looking forward to its return. In the meantime enjoy your summer break everyone." Avril Ferguson added: "I've watched all the series from the beginning so can't wait for the Christmas special and the next series. Cried many a tear over some of the storylines." (sic) Norma said: "Lovely! It must be such fun to film, even though hard work for all! Your stories are always on point, so relatable, and so smart! Can’t wait, although I’m 84, but hey, you never know."  Sandra Court remarked: "Enjoy your well-earned break, lovely picture of the Turner children, can't wait for the new series." (sic) Maja Netter added: "Looking forward to watching season 12 with my own little baby in my arms. She's due in October. Looking forward to watching the Christmas special together." Jackie Baker exclaimed: "Can’t wait for my Call the Midwife tour in October. Excited is an understatement." Call the Midwife episodes are available to watch on BBC iPlayer. 