Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis have several young family members they are very close with, as they were pictured playing together during the Platinum Jubilee. The Queen has 12 great-grandchildren: Savannah and Isla Phillips, Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis, Mia, Lena and Lucas Tindall, Archie and Lilibet Mountbatten-Windsor, August Brooksbank and Sienna Mapelli Mozzi. Kate Middleton and Prince William’s children have first cousins through their uncle Prince Harry, but also through their aunt Pippa Middleton.  As well as Archie and Lilibet over in the USA, the Cambridge children have three cousins living in the UK. Their names are Arthur Matthews (born 2018), Grace Matthews (born 2021) and Rose Matthews (born 2022). However, Arthur, Grace and Rose aren't the only young members of the family whom the royal children have a special bond with. Before she married Prince Charles, Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall was married to Andrew Parker-Bowles and the pair share two children, Tom Parker-Bowles and Laura Lopes. READ MORE: 'The body does not lie': Inside Sophie Wessex & Edward's marriage As a result, Camilla has five grandchildren of her own who are not directly related to the Queen. Their names are Lola and Freddie Parker-Bowles, plus Eliza, Gus and Louis Lopes. Louis and his twin brother Gus were born in 2009 to Laura and Harry Lopes. Their older sister, Eliza, served as a bridesmaid at the wedding of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge in 2011.  Interestingly, Camilla has two grandsons with the same name. Kate and William’s youngest child is called Prince Louis, however, Camilla has a biological grandson also called Louis. He has hardly ever been seen in public and very little is known about him. The Duchess of Cornwall's second grandson called Louis was born at St Mary's Hospital in Paddington William and Kate on April 23, 2018. READ MORE: Camilla opens up on George, Charlotte and Louis 'They teach me things' The young royal had fans in stitches with his antics during Her Majesty's Platinum Jubilee as he pulled funny faces on the Buckingham Palace balcony and struggled to sit still during the Platinum Jubilee Pageant. During the show, he ran among his relatives, danced in his seat and covered his mother's mouth. Prince Louis's boisterous energy is well-known as his parents have previously commented on his behaviour. During her first engagement as the patron of the Rugby Football Union, Kate said of her youngest son's rugby skills: "They’re all enjoying it, Louis is kamikaze, we’re worrying about when he gets older, he’ll be in the middle of everything."  Ahead of her 75th birthday last month, Camilla appeared on the cover of Vogue for their July 2022 edition and gave a candid interview about her own grandchildren. She said: "I do Wordle every day with my granddaughter. She’ll text me to say, ‘I’ve done it in three’, and I say, ‘Sorry, I’ve done it in two today.’ “It’s very satisfactory when it tells you how brilliant you are.” She added: "We learn from very young people and they learn from us, too. That’s the way it’s always been. “You know the nice thing about being a grandmother is that you can spoil them occasionally, give them more of the things that their parents forbid them to have." 