Manchester City and Liverpool have formed a fierce rivalry in recent seasons, with the pair in a league of their own in terms of Premier League quality. Therefore it's rare that the two are willing to help one another out, but Liverpool played a big part in Kalvin Phillips' move to City. City have signed Phillips on a six-year deal after the Premier League champions paid £45million to Leeds United for the midfielder. But according to The Athletic, Phillips wasn't their initial target as City were chasing former Monaco star Aurélien Tchouameni before Liverpool's interest in the star peaked. City were interested in the Frenchman, but after Liverpool and Real Madrid discovered how much Monaco were charging for the midfielder, City quickly bowed out. While Liverpool and Madrid continued to battle for the star, City began negotiations with Leeds over the transfer of Phillips, and they were seemingly alone in serious discussions. Liverpool missed out on Tchouameni and may wait until next summer to sign a new midfielder, but they may have strengthened City's hand in the process.  READ MORE: Leeds 'receive mystery £60m Raphinha bid' from English club as Arsenal and Spurs circle Tchouameni was named Ligue 1 player of the season last year, and the star was in Paris for the Champions League final while both Liverpool and Madrid fought for his signature. But Liverpool's confidence was short-lived, as Tchouameni revealed: "As soon as Real Madrid arrived on the scene, I did not hesitate. "I want to leave a mark on football and the best club for this is Real Madrid. It's the best decision for me." But while they were battling Madrid, City were getting the Phillips deal done, and now England's player of the year will join up with Pep Guardiola's side for pre-season.  DON'T MISSLeeds 'identify Arsenal target' as Raphinha replacement as Tottenham ready opening bidMan Utd and Arsenal have chance to sign budget-friendly back-up Premier League strikerLeeds 'receive mystery £60m Raphinha bid' from English club as Arsenal and Spurs circle "I am absolutely delighted to have joined Manchester City," Phillips said. "City have again proved to be the best team in the country with an amazing squad and a manager in Pep Guardiola who is rightly considered to be the finest in the world. "To be able to play under Pep and learn from him and his coaching staff as well as be part of such a fantastic squad is a prospect that I am incredibly excited about. City are a world-class club with world-class staff and facilities and it's a dream come true to have joined the club." Phillips will join Erling Haaland who has also signed for City this summer, as Guardiola looks to win his fifth Premier League title in six years next season. Liverpool have signed Darwin Nunez, Fabio Carvalho and Calvin Ramsay, and their summer business is now reportedly over. 