Lee Trevino has revealed what friend Tiger Woods thinks is hampering him most as the 15-time major champion prepares to play The Open Championship at St Andrews this week. Woods, 46, is continuing his remarkable return to the sport, despite the high-speed car crash in February 2020 which left him with multiple fractures and breaks in both legs. The American defied the odds to return for the US Masters in April, and made the cut despite clearly struggling physically. However, his attempt to compete at the US PGA at Southern Hills proved ill-fated, as despite again making the weekend he was forced to withdraw after three rounds. Woods then opted to miss the US Open in order to preserve his chances on playing this week, at a venue where he has won two of this three claret jugs. And on Monday, he participated in the Celebration of Champions event that formed part of The Open's 150th anniversary celebrations. He played alongside Trevino, who himself won six major titles - including The Open Championship in 1971 and 1972. And despite being impressed with what Woods produced, 'Supermex' said Woods needed to be "very careful" as he revealed his main concern. JUST IN: LIV Golf rebel Ian Poulter embarrassed in Scottish Open after winning legal battle to play "Tiger is still hitting it just as far, just as high, putting just as well," Trevino said, as quoted by Golf Monthly. "He said to me, ‘My problem is I can’t walk'. I’m just glad he’s alive. He has to be very careful that he doesn’t get to the point where he loses that leg. "They’re working like hell to keep it. He got mashed up a little bit. But it hasn’t bothered his playing a bit." Woods himself has refused to look beyond this week amid suggestions this will be the last time he plays competitively at the 'home of golf'. DON'T MISS:Rory McIlroy opens up on locker room anger at Saudi LIV stars and tells them to not returnJack Nicklaus issues response to Greg Norman Open snub after being labeled a 'hypocrite'Paul Casey’s awkward words come back to haunt him as he defects to Saudi rebel league "I don't know how many Open Championships I have left here at St Andrews, but I wanted this one," he told reporters. "It started here for me in '95, and if it ends here in '22, it does. "If it doesn't, it doesn't. If I get the chance to play one more, it would be great, but there's no guarantee." Next year's tournament takes place at Royal Liverpool, where Woods won in 2006.