After weeks of hype, the new Nothing Phone (1) is finally available to buy with this latest Android device hoping it can shake up the market by offering plenty of exciting new features. This phone arrives with a radical see-through design that lets owners peek inside plus there's the glowing Glyph Interface which lights to reveal when someone is calling and how much charge is in the battery during a refill. Owners also get a speedy 120Hz display for silky smooth scrolling and there's a dual-lens rear camera that's powered by a premium Sony sensor. This snapper includes image stabilisation, a Night Mode and Scene Detection which adjusts the setting automatically depending on where you are. If that all sounds exciting then the device starts from £399 when pre-ordering directly from Nothing. However, there's also the option to buy it exclusively from O2 and opting for a contract comes with one huge free bonus. O2 says that anyone buying the Nothing Phone (1) will then be offered up to six months of Disney+ access without paying a penny for the privilege. Considering this streaming service usually costs £7.99 per month that's a pretty big saving. Prices on contract start from £22.81 per month (black version with 128GB storage) and includes unlimited calls and texts plus free roaming (up to 25GB) when in the EU. If you want the white model with 256GB of memory then things start from £24.20 per month. One thing to note about O2's contracts is that the network splits the price between the handset cost and the Airtime plan. To get the lowest price you'll need to keep the phone for three years although you are only tied to the Airtime contract for 24 months which means you can switch the deal once that period is up. If the offer of free Disney+ sounds enticing then here are the best Nothing Phone (1) deals from O2. CHEAPEST Nothing Phone (1) White 256GB • £24.20 per monthINCLUDES: 3GB of data, free calls, unlimited texts and data roaming up to 25GB when in the EU.FREEBIES: Disney+ for one monthSEE THE DEAL HERE MORE DATA Nothing Phone (1) White 256GB • £27.20 per monthINCLUDES: 10GB of data, free calls, unlimited texts and data roaming up to 25GB when in the EU.FREEBIES: Disney+ FREE for three monthsSEE THE DEAL HERE BEST PLAN Nothing Phone (1) White 256GB • £32.19 per monthINCLUDES: 30GB of data, free calls, unlimited texts and data roaming up to 25GB when in the EU.FREEBIES: Disney+ FREE for six monthsSEE THE DEAL HERE If you're wondering where Nothing has come from and why there's so much hype around it there's a simple answer. This brand, which launched a pair of wireless earbuds last year, is the brainchild of tech entrepreneur Carl Pei who originally co-founded the hugely successful OnePlus brand.