Airlines have cancelled thousands of flights since May, leaving many passengers stranded or facing severe disruption. Holidaymakers at UK airports in recent weeks have also experienced long queues and delays. As a result of the disruption, Express.co.uk asked readers whether they would rather have a UK holiday. READ MORE: Jet2 boss slams ‘atrocious’ UK airports for ‘inexcusable’ travel chaos for customers In a poll that ran from midday on Thursday, June 30, to midday on Friday, July 8, Express.co.uk asked: “Would you rather have a UK holiday as airport chaos erupts?” A total of 1,776 people cast their votes with a strong majority, 71 percent (1,265 people), answering “yes”, they would rather have a UK holiday. Meanwhile, 26 percent (468 people) said “no”, they would prefer a holiday abroad. A further two percent (43 people) said they did not know either way. Dozens of comments were left below the accompanying article as readers discussed airport disruptions and their holiday preferences. Many readers were in favour of holidaying in the UK, with one reader, username Phillippa, commenting: “A UK holiday anytime.” Username winniebrock68 said: “I'd rather stay home in today's world, there’s plenty of things to do or see in my locality or within an hour or so drive.” And username AngloSaxon67 said: “Stay in the UK. You are spoilt for choice, especially on the south coast of England. “English people are the nicest and friendliest in the world and for food  – how can you beat English grub in a village pub.” Another reader, username Beehive, wrote: “We should be supporting the whole of the UK, by holidaying in the UK.” The decision by many not to fly could be beneficial as the aviation industry struggles to cope with a sharp increase in demand after the pandemic. However, other readers argued a holiday abroad was better with username Kizma Arris commenting: “No, rip-off Britain can keep its expensive, cold, wet holidays.” And username Petriukas said: “Holiday in the UK – horror... cold and dirty sea, disgusting food…” Last week several flights were pulled from Heathrow Airport as passenger numbers at Britain's busiest airport exceeded maximum capacity. A spokesperson for Heathrow said last week: “We apologise for the impact this has on travel plans. “We are working hard to ensure everyone has a smooth journey through Heathrow this summer, and the most important thing is to make sure that all service providers at the airport have enough resources to meet demand.” DON'T MISS: British Airways fares soar after 10,000 more holiday flights are cancelled [REPORT]Bikini ban: Popular holiday destination bans bikinis with £425 fine for breaking rule [WARNING]One of the most dangerous tourist attractions in the world is in the UK - full list [ADVICE] British Airways staff based at Heathrow were planning to strike over a pay dispute, but such industrial action is on hold following further negotiations with the Unite union. A British Airways spokesperson said: “We are very pleased that, following collaboration with the unions, they have decided not to issue dates for industrial action.” They continued: “This is great news for our customers and our people.” However, Heathrow may be affected by refuelling workers planning to strike later this summer.