Paul Sorvino, known for his roles in Goodfellas, Law & Order and Romeo + Juliet, has died at the age of 83. His wife Dee Dee Benkie announced the sad news today. "I am completely devastated. The love of my life & the most wonderful man who has ever lived is gone. I am heartbroken," she tweeted, alongside love heart emojis. Her spokesperson told TMZ Dee Dee had been by her beloved husband's bedside when he passed. “Our hearts are broken, there will never be another Paul Sorvino, he was the love of my life, and one of the greatest performers to ever grace the screen and stage,” she said. New York native Sorvino played caporegime Paul Cicero in Martin Scorsese's Goodfellas (1990). His Goodfellas co-star Ray Liotta died in May of this year. Liotta died in his sleep at the age of 67. Sorvino also played mob bosses Eddie Valentine in The Rocketeer and Tony Morolto in The Firm. He appeared as Bruce Willis' father in the weekly series Moonlighting, and played Frank DeLucca in the television drama That's Life. The actor also starred in the comedy Still Standing as Al Miller, father to Bill (Mark Addy). Sorvino founded the Paul Sorvino Asthma Foundation, helping to build asthma centres for children and adults across the United States. He was also an accomplished sculptor, specialising in cast bronze. In December 2008, his sculpture of the late playwright Jason Miller was unveiled in the US. On his typecasting as a “tough guy”, Sorvino admitted he wished people knew more about his other achievements. "Most people think I’m either a gangster or a cop or something, but the reality is I’m a sculptor, a painter, a best-selling author, many, many things – a poet, an opera singer, but none of them is gangster, but, you know, obviously I sort of have a knack for playing these thing,” he told the Orlando Weekly in 2014. “It’s almost my later goal in life to disabuse people of the notion that I’m a slow-moving, heavy-lidded thug, and most people’s impression of me IS that – because of the success of Goodfellas and a few other things, but they forget that I was also Dr. Kissinger in Nixon, the deaf lawyer in Dummy, and they forget a lot of things that I’ve done. “It would be nice to have my legacy more than that of just tough guy." Fans of Sorvino have begun to pay tribute on social media. Jason Alexander tweeted: “The amazing Paul Sorvino has passed. “From Baker's Wife on Bway to Shakespeare in the Park to all the incredible film/tv roles - he was magnificent in all. “Blessings to his friends and family. #rippaulsorvino”. Every moment Paul Sorvino is on-screen in Goodfellas is perfect, but my personal favorite will always be the @edyrdologist added: “Every moment Paul Sorvino is on-screen in Goodfellas is perfect, but my personal favorite will always be the exasperated look he gives Henry when meeting with the hapless owner of the club they’re about to bust out. RIP”.