As a frequently used appliance, shiny racks can quickly become a distant memory for many as cleaning them can often be put off or simply forgotten about. However, it doesn’t take long for oven racks to suffer a build up of grime and grease to start with. But fear not, the task doesn’t have to be that arduous and there is one easy way to get them shining again and barely costs. Jennifer Sharpe, Chief Fragrance Officer at Fabulosa has revealed a cleaning hack to help get your oven racks sparkling. Demonstrating on Fabulosa’s TikTok page, the expert shared how she easily cleaned an absolutely filthy oven shelf by freezing washing up liquid in an ice cube tray. She explained: “If you want to achieve lemony fresh, sparkling oven racks without the super scrubbing, all you need to do is take your Fabulosa washing up liquid, add it into small muffin moulds, and freeze! “Then use the frozen cubes to clean off the build up of grime - and you'll be left with spotless shine!” READ MORE: Estate agent shares how to ‘maximise’ house value with ‘no costs’ After the washing up liquid had been left in the freezer, the cleaning pro demonstrated the hack by rubbing the racks with the frozen pieces and the grease just slid off. As the liquid melts, you’ll get a mushy texture that can be spread over the metal to cut that grease before rinsing. Be sure to wear rubber gloves to avoid any irritation, and use plenty of fresh water to remove any residue. After rubbing the frozen cube, Jennifer revealed the results and the oven rack was completely grime-free and sparkling. DON'T MISS: How to ‘effectively’ keep towels soft - avoids ‘scratchy stiff towels’ [TIPS]‘Worst mistake’ gardeners can make during a heatwave - how to prevent [EXPERT]Where does Penny Mordaunt live now? Inside the life of the ‘outsider’ [INSIGHT] The cleaning pro received over 900 likes on the video and many cleaning enthusiasts were quick to comment. TikTok user Mamma Aries commented: “Definitely got to try this.” Victoria Foster said: “@fabulosa I’m doing this tomorrow! Wow.” Jamie-lea Livingstone replied: “Genius.” READ MORE: Grow ‘healthier’ hydrangeas using worms - gives ‘access to nutrients’ Jennifer also shared this cleaning hack on Fabulosa’s Instagram page where it received many more likes and comments. Instagram user @auroraandbumpsmummy_ox commented: “This looks so good!” @theessentialcleaner said: “Great idea.” @myfabulosalife replied: “Love this hack.” @townlaneterrace wrote: “What an amazing hack.” @annedunn01 added: “This is the best washing up liquid. Beautiful smell of lemons.” Fabulous washing up liquid can be purchased from B&M and Home bargains for £1.49. This hack can also be carried out using any type of washing up liquid, such as one for 34p from Asda.