Kate, Duchess of Cambridge has turned time and again to the Lover's Knot, or Cambridge Lover's Knot Tiara, and it is one of the most iconic diadems in the Queen's collection. Positively dripping in pearls, the Lover's Knot Tiara has been in the Royal Family's possession for decades, and it was beloved by the late Princess of Wales too. Lisa Levinson, Head of Marketing and Communications for the Natural Diamond Council, said: “Princess Diana received several Royal Family jewels from the Queen on permanent loan when she married Prince Charles. "One of the most breathtaking and well-known is the natural diamond and pearl Cambridge Lover’s Knot Tiara. "The romantic and majestic pearl and natural diamond tiara was made in 1914 by Garrard for Queen Mary. "It features 19 pear-shaped pearl drops set within a natural diamond ribbon motif. READ MORE: Meander Tiara: Zara Tindall's 'glamorous' wedding tribute to Philip  "Princess Diana often wore the Lover’s Knot tiara with white gowns for a very modern regal effect." After appearing frequently during Princess Diana's lifetime, the tiara made another royal debut with Kate, Duchess of Cambridge after she married Prince William in 2011. Many interpreted Kate's frequent wearing of the tiara, often alongside Diana's Collingwood pearl earrings, as a tribute to her late mother-in-law. Ms Levinson added: "Natural diamonds have a rich history as family heirlooms with powerful emotional value reaching across generations.  "We’ve seen the tiara worn beautifully in recent years by Princess Diana’s daughter-in-law Catherine, The Duchess of Cambridge.” As the current Duchess of Cambridge, Kate's decision to wear the Lover's Knot Tiara frequently is also fitting with the tiara's historical provenance. Daena Borrowman, PR, Social and Digital Marketing Manager at jewellerybox, said: “It was a replica of the original Cambridge Lover's Knot Tiara owned by Queen Mary’s grandmother, Princess Augusta of Hesse-Kassel, a previous Duchess of Cambridge. "The Gothic revival style tiara was made using numerous diamonds and 19 drop-shaped pearls from the family as well as pearls from Queen Mary’s Ladies of England Tiara." DON'T MISS:Sophie stuns in blue dress as Wessexes visit Commonwealth Games [INSIGHT]William and Kate to take 'budding football star' Charlotte to big game [ANALYSIS]Zara and Mike Tindall's love story in 11 adorable pictures [PICTURES]  Ms Borrowman estimated the stunning tiara could be worth "between £700,000 and £2million.” Due to its iconic status, it is likely we will see future royals like Princess Charlotte don the pearl diadem due to its links to her mother and late grandmother. As a member of the Royal Family, Charlotte could opt to wear the Lover's Knot Tiara on her wedding day. She may also wear the Cartier Halo Tiara her mother wore for her wedding, or the Spencer Tiara, a Spencer family heirloom, that Lady Diana Spencer wore on her royal wedding day. 