Kyiv detained a Russian agent who was collecting information on the location of military equipment, checkpoints and critical infrastructure. The 60-year-old Ukrainian woman had been conducting acts of espionage both in the capital and the wider region. The Security Service of Ukraine (SSU) revealed an incident had occurred on the cross-platform social media outlet Telegram. They said: “The enemy planned to use this data to target missile strikes, as well as for possible sabotage in Kyiv.” SSU added: “The 60-year-old citizen of Ukraine received assignments from her curators from the Russian Federation and gave them photos and geo locations of military facilities.” The woman has been detained under treason. JUST IN: 'You fomented this war!' Putin ally issues chilling warning to NATO over nuclear 'abyss' An investigation into the incident is ongoing. SSU also said: “Measures to expose and document illegal activities were carried out by SBU employees in the city of Kyiv and the Kyiv region under the procedural guidance of the Kyiv City Prosecutor's Office.” However, it is not just in Ukraine where Russian spies appear to have been apprehended. Richard Moore, the head of MI6, claimed: “We reckon, in the UK, that has probably reduced their ability to do their business to spy for Russia in Europe by half.” Mr Moore also suggested a number of “illegals”, or Russian spies operating under deep cover and masquerading as ordinary civilians, have also been exposed and arrested in recent months. The news comes after it was revealed forces from the Kremlin are continuing to target critical national infrastructure. An intelligence update from the Ministry of Defence (MoD) claimed: “Russian and separatist forces continue to attempt small scale assaults along the Donbas front line. “Russian forces are likely closing in on Ukraine’s second biggest power plant at Vuhlehirska, 50km north-east of Donetsk. DON'T MISS: Ukraine LIVE: Putin offensive 'to run out of steam' - Zelensky poised [LIVE] 'Putin won't forget this' Fears of Turkey after huge Erdogan snub [REPORT] Britain tipped for £20BILLION trade boost after hit list drawn up [ANALYSIS] “Russia is prioritising the capture of critical national infrastructure, such as power plants.” The MoD added: “However, it is probably also attempting to break through at Vuhlehirska, as part of its efforts to regain momentum on the southern pincer of its advance towards the key cities of Kramatorsk and Sloviansk.”