The 70-year-old victim was reportedly cut with a knife and injured as part of a terrifying ordeal, which has left him afraid to continue living in his flat. His home was broken into by Nathan Corner and two other men, who are still being hunted by police - and ended up fleeing with only £10 in loose change. Newcastle Crown Court heard they first turned up at the victim's home on Eglesfield Road at 12.40am on January 5 last year. He was watching TV when there was a knock at the door and he was shocked to see Corner there, wearing a ski mask with holes in the eyes and mouth areas. According to the Chronicle Live, Corner muttered something and then moved forward to go in but the victim managed to close the door on him at that stage. Neil Pallister, prosecuting, said: "He checked his CCTV, which showed there had been two other males stood just out of sight. They were also wearing masks. "The victim noticed from the CCTV the male stood at the doorway had also been in possession of a knife. Before he opened the door it was clear the male had looked at the camera and lifted his mask, revealing his face. That was the defendant." Later on that night, around 9.30pm, the three raiders went back to the victim's home. Corner was staggering around, appeared to be on drugs and asked the pensioner for a cigarette. Mr Pallister said: "He then lunged towards him while holding a knife with a six-inch blade.  "He heard another voice saying 'Go on, stick him' and the defendant barged into his home followed by two other men. The victim grabbed his arms to stop him stabbing him but he was pushed back into his own hallway." Corner then tripped on an upturned section of carpet and fell to the floor. The pensioner tried to grab the knife and as Corner got up he pulled the blade back, cutting the victim's finger and thumb. He then took a swipe toward his leg. Mr Pallister said: "The victim grabbed his arms to stop him while moving backwards. One of the other males continued to shout 'go on stick him man, stick him'. "The victim punched the defendant in the face, grabbed him around the chest and spun him towards the chimney breast, causing him to stumble." He then heard the sound of a whiskey jar, containing £10 in loose change, being moved and the other two men ran out, followed by Corner, after he punched the victim. The pensioner was left with cuts to his finger and thumb, which became infected and a burst lip and a cut inside his mouth.  Mr Pallister said: "The victim said he believed he might have been targeted because there was a rumour in the local area he had come into £75,000." In a victim impact statement, he said: "This has left me feeling insecure in my own home and shocked someone would do this. I genuinely felt I was fighting for my life. It was terrifying and I genuinely felt I was fighting the knifeman defending my life at that time. I've felt unsafe since this and I fear further attacks. Not a day goes by I don't think about what happened to me. I'm a man of a certain age and thankfully can look after myself but I feel vulnerable and feel I want to move away from the area. Before this I loved living in my flat and never felt unsafe." Corner, 24, of Beach Road, South Shields, who has 14 previous convictions, pleaded guilty to robbery and having a bladed article and was jailed for seven-and-a-half years.  Vic Laffey, defending, said: "He apologises to the victim of this offence. He is remorseful and was appalled when he saw the CCTV. "He doesn't remember an awful lot about it but he was sensible enough to take advice and plead guilty. He apologises for any embarrassment he has caused to his own family. He is disgusted at how he acted." 