Love Island has been tainted by controversy this year with media regulator Ofcom receiving thousands of complaints at various points throughout the series. In the latest backlash, the ITV show received 1,509 complaints on July 19 about alleged misogynistic behaviour in relation to the Snog, Marry, Pie challenge. In the challenge, the islanders were tasked with selecting a fellow cast member to snog, to marry, by placing a ring on someone’s finger and throwing a custard pie in someone’s face. The challenge has appeared in previous seasons and shows the islanders giving their reasons for each decision. Tasha received three pies by Davide Sanclimenti, Dami Hope and Luca Bish. They had all accused her of not liking her partner Andrew Le Page as much as he likes her. Read more: How to watch Love Island in the UK, US and abroad The complaints centred around the challenge and the aftermath of the task. Davide ‘pied’ Tasha because she had called him and Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu the fakest couple while Dami accused her of “getting away with a lot of stuff”. Luca told Tasha: “I could give you a list [of reasons] but I’ll let it go for today. It’s just a game.” Tasha broke down in tears after the challenge and many viewers hit out at the islanders for “bullying” her. Former islander Amber Gill shared on social media: “Gosh I hope Tasha is okay. These boys are basically bullying her at this point.” Meanwhile Gemma’s mum Louise Owen also hit out at Luca and Dami for their treatment of Tasha. Commenting on a clip of Tasha asking Andrew to be her boyfriend, she wrote: “I hope Tasha is ok, I feel it’s close to bullying now which is so sad to see.” Later in the episode, Dami and Luca apologised to Tasha and the islanders appeared to make up. DON'T MISSHelen Skelton confirms new role away from BBC's Countryfile [INSIGHT]Trolling is 'abhorrent' slams dad of Love Island's contestant Tasha  [INTERVIEW]Love Island's Jacques O'Neill's next career move discussed by ex-boss [INSIGHT] Just a week before, Love Island received 3,617 complaints in seven days. On July 12, 129 complaints were filed relating to Adam Collard entering the villa and the well-being of Jacques O'Neill who decided to leave the show. Three days later, 167 complaints were received largely related to footage of Ekin-Su and George Tasker during Casa Amor. On July 17, 2481 viewers complained after the Movie Night episode. Luca lashed out at partner Gemma Owen after he accused her of flirting with fellow islander Billy Brown. Love Island: Aftersun which aired after that episode received 427 complaints over comments made about Ekin-Su and the well-being of Jacques. On July 18, a further 413 complaints were received relating to alleged bullying and misogynistic behaviour from a handful of the male contestants. Love Island airs on ITV2 from Sunday to Friday at 9pm.