Chelsea could stand a good chance of signing Frenkie de Jong from Barcelona if the opportunity comes about due to his preference for Champions League football, despite Manchester United having agreed a fee for the midfielder. The Blues are reportedly keeping tabs on his situation in case a move to Old Trafford falls through. Man Utd have placed many of their eggs in De Jong's basket this summer, with Erik ten Hag keen to reunite with the former Ajax youngster. An initial £56million, which could rise to £73m, has already been agreed with Barca, but personal terms are not deemed a formality. That's partly because The Guardian claim that De Jong is keen to play Champions League football next season, and Chelsea are monitoring proceedings in case the player has a change of heart on his move to United. The Red Devils could be made to pay for their poor campaign in 2021/22, which saw them finish sixth and qualify for the Europa League. The Blues, meanwhile, finished a relatively comfortably third under Thomas Tuchel, sealing their spot in Europe's elite club competition. JUST IN: Tottenham chief Daniel Levy works magic again as details of Barcelona deal surface Although talks between De Jong and United are believed to be at an advanced stage, Chelsea could hold out hope for a late twist based the player's previous comments. For one, he openly admitted several weeks ago that he would prefer not to join United, despite the prospect of working with Ten Hag again. Furthermore, if the midfielder gets wind of a rival bidder that can boast Champions League football, it may cause him to put the brakes on his switch to Old Trafford. It's not time for panic stations among Red Devils fans yet, however, as reports insist that he is currently 'open' to becoming a Red. READ MOREChelsea 'receive response' from Juventus after 'offering two players' for Matthijs de LigtMan Utd hatch Frenkie de Jong announcement plan as transfer deal enters 'final stages'Tottenham on verge of fourth and fifth signings following double transfer breakthrough Tuchel and new Chelsea owner Todd Boehly are reportedly keen to inject youth into the club's midfield ranks, with Jorginho and N'Golo Kante both over 30 and approaching the end of their contracts. Returning loanee Conor Gallagher will provide some assurance in that department, but the boss is an 'admirer' of De Jong, and a player of his calibre would surely be a welcome addition to the squad. The 25-year-old has been a regular for Barca since heading to the Camp Nou in a big-money deal back in 2019. Last term he bagged three goals and three assists in the league, but he is best known for his accurate forward passing and press resistance. United's Dutch recruitment drive involves several other stars, which could help soften the blow if their De Jong deal falls through at the eleventh hour. Tyrell Malacia is poised to undergo a medical at some point this weekend after agreeing personal terms with the Red Devils. The 22-year-old Feyenoord star looked set to join Lyon, before United stepped in to hijack the deal. Ajax stars Antony, Jurrien Timber and Lisandro Martinez have also been heavily linked to Old Trafford, with Ten Hag evidently keen to tap into familiar territory. Allowing him to do so would be a big vote of confidence from the United board, who suffered through a frustrating season last time out.