The Duchess of Cambridge wears stunning heels to most of her engagements, elevating her height and adding an element of grace to most ensembles. Recently, she wore a pair of gorgeous white Gianvito Rossi 105 White Leather Pumps with a bright yellow dress to attend Wimbledon. To attend the unveiling of her first official portrait with Prince William she wore a pair of Emmy London Rebecca pumps. In the portrait itself Kate Middleton wears an emerald green pair of Manolo Blahnik Satin Hangisi Pumps. Now a "hack" used by Kate to master wearing high heels has been detailed by a royal fashion expert. Miranda Holder is the "Feel Good Fashion Coach", an aficionado of royal family style. Miranda has worked her styling magic on Little Mix, Boy George, and Vanessa Williams. READ MORE: Kate breaks style protocol at Wimbledon - but Meghan forced to follow the ‘fashion rules' The QVC regular studied fashion at prestigious Central St Martin’s College in London and now offers her personal styling services as well as dispensing her tips on her Instagram page, @themirandaholder, and her TikTok. She discussed a style "hack" used by the Duchess of Cambridge to stay comfortable in high heels all day. Miranda told her TikTok followers: "I've got the best style hack for you, approved by Kate Middleton herself. "We all know that Kate is in heels a lot, often for the whole day and the evening when she's doing public events. DON'T MISSQueen Letizia of Spain stuns in pastel blue and affordable summer shoes [PICTURES] Kate takes inspiration from 'phenomenal' Princess Beatrice [STYLE] 'Flawless': Kate Middleton sports nearly £4,000 worth of dresses [WIMBLEDON] "We also know that she often wears heels that are slightly too large for her as a tactic to stay comfortable. "But is there anything else that she does to stay comfortable and help keep the shoes on? Oh yes, there is." Kate wears a special pair of tights anyone can get hold of, Miranda claimed. She said: "It's all in the hosiery. Royal ladies are meant to wear tights or stockings when out in public and Kate wears a special pair. The tights "have special silicone pads on the foot". According to the expert, this "stops her feet slipping in and out and ensures she stays comfortable all day. "I promise these are a total game changer." Kate wears the John Lewis & Partners 7 Denier Barely There Ladder Resist Non-Slip Tights. The tights cost just £6, hardly a royal price tag. The tights come in nude, natural, and black - although the nude and natural colours are sold out currently. An expert recently told Express.co.uk how Kate uses her jewellery to show "beautiful, intentional" hidden meanings. Renowned diamond expert, Lisa Levinson of the Natural Diamond Council, said: "The Duchess wears jewellery in a beautiful and intentional way. "She often selects pieces that highlight the connection she has to both people and places, and Kate's choice of jewels during the Platinum Jubilee pays tribute to Princess Diana. "Diamonds have a rich history as family heirlooms with significant emotional value passed down from generation to generation."