Pippa Middleton, 38, has been studying for a Master’s at the University of Wales Trinity Saint David. She has been studying Physical Education, Sport and Physical Literacy. Pippa will present her research into parents’ perspectives of pre-school physical activity behaviours in September.  This event will take place from September 7 to 9 in Luxembourg. Kate Middleton’s younger sister believes there is limited research about parents’ perspectives on pre-school physical activity behaviours and the role of the home environment in promoting it. Pippa, who will graduate this week with a distinction, was able to bring a unique perspective to the study as a parent and scholar. Her passion for this research was informed by her own experiences with a young family.  Pippa said: “I am passionate about sport and exercise and also love being with children. “I wanted to find a topic that combined these two and felt that there wasn’t enough information, knowledge or focus on early years physical development for mums particularly. “I wanted to learn to not only help my own children but to also continue work in the field to stress the importance of children moving from an early age.” Pippa said working from home with young children and committing to a full-time master’s degree had been challenging and credited the University for its support.  She added: “Getting back into studying took some getting used to but I felt really well supported by the team at UWTSD. “The nature of the course being divided into specific modules also meant that it was easier to compartmentalise what was required each term. “The modules were all really varied and interesting allowing enough flexibility to channel the course to your passions – for me it was early years’ physical development. “I have enjoyed the balance of work and motherhood and getting back into reading, writing, and learning again.”  Parenting expert Jasmine Peters previously analysed Pippa’s parenting style for Express.co.uk. She said: "With Pippa, her children are a bit younger and because all eyes aren't always on her, she is able to be a little more free to truly enjoy her children without the pressure of constant public attention. "Her family outings will appear more relaxed from how she dresses to where she goes." How does this compare to her sister, Kate?  The expert added: "Pippa will have more freedom to enjoy without having to perform as such, like her sister." What really goes on inside Pippa's house? Jasmine opined: "Pippa and James Matthews' home for the children may be laid back, possibly a touch of chaos because they have younger children. "They would also have a set schedule but it will be set by their bundles of joy, not by obligations. "Their intentions are family-focused.” 