The Umbrella Academy season three went down a huge hit on Netflix and it featured many emotional moments. Elliot Page's character came out as trans this season, having been called Vanya for the previous two series. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the TV actor, including his height. Elliot Page, 35, is a Canadian award-winning actor and producer and his most recent credits include Tales of the City and Ark: The Animated Series. He is also working as an executive producer on the documentary film, Into My Name. The star joined the cast of The Umbrella Academy for its first season in 2019, as one of the Hargreeves siblings. Fans may have noticed he is one of the shortest out of his on-screen brothers and sisters. READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes fumes as Harry set to address UN The star is 1.55 metres tall, which is equal to just over five feet. In The Umbrella Academy, his brother Luther (Tom Hopper) towers over him at six feet, five inches tall. Allison actress Emmy Raver-Lampman is about five feet, eight inches, whereas Klaus actor Robert Sheehan is about six feet. David Castañeda, who plays Diego, is also about six feet tall. As for Five actor Aidan Gallagher, the youngest member of the cast is about five feet, five inches tall. Page came out as a trans man in December 2020 on social media and was flooded with support. He was the first openly trans man to appear on the cover of Time Magazine in 2021. The star said he felt like he was male from the age of nine. Page is on Instagram and he has been keeping fans up to date with his latest ventures. In July 2022 he shared his new passport photo, his first since he came out as trans. DON'T MISS... Kate Middleton mortified at dad Michael's Wimbledon blunder [VIDEO]Genesis Rodriguez from The Umbrella Academy has a famous father [INSIGHT]What happened to Sloane in The Umbrella Academy? [DISCUSSION] Alongside the picture he said: "Never thought I would love a passport photo." His latest project, Into My Name, tells the coming-of-age story of four friends, all of whom are undergoing gender transitions. Page told Deadline: “What stands out to me about [the film] is the way it so artfully and intentionally presents all the different pieces that make up a person’s identity. "It’s a meditation on trans humanity, and I’ve never seen another film like it. "Knowing that Nicolò Bassetti consulted closely with his trans son throughout production is so beautiful to me, and I think that lived experience and input is clear in the film’s perspective. "I’m honoured to be on board and can’t wait for everyone to see it.” Fans are keen to know whether the star will return for a fourth season of The Umbrella Academy. At the time of writing, the series is yet to be officially renewed, but it is likely to happen in the near future. After season three's cliffhanger ending, there are plenty of questions that need answering.  The Umbrella Academy seasons 1-3 are on Netflix now.