 Chloe, 25, began using buy now pay layer services when she was only 17 years old. She was still living with her parents then and liked to spend the modest earnings from her job on new clothes or shoes for nights out with her friends, and remembers getting “bombarded” with buy now pay later offers. Speaking to Express.co.uk, she said: “I would only be spending £20 here, £30 there and the buy now pay later option was at checkout. It seemed like a good idea to me really because I believed that I had the income to pay it off at the time.” Chloe then moved out of her parent's house and took on other financial commitments such as rent, bills, and food.     She said: “Things genuinely changed really quickly and suddenly and I found myself with bills of hundreds of pounds at the end of each month. I’m not now how it managed to get so high." Chloe then became pregnant with her daughter at the age of 22, and at this point she had managed to accumulate around £5,000 worth of debt across multiple credit cards and other buy now pay later lending companies. She said: “I got a credit card to pay off my buy now pay later debts but it just meant that I built up more debt with the credit card companies. “I was so anxious and overwhelmed with it all. People kept chasing me for money that I just didn’t have, I stopped picking up the phone, and I started throwing the letters in the bin without reading them. “It made me feel so hopeless, growing up I was taught that if you can’t afford it you either save for it or don’t have it. It just spiralled out of control so quickly.” During this period, Chloe was too scared to go to her parents for help and began to get frightened by the legal jargon used by companies in their correspondence which mentioned County Court Judgments (CCJs) and repossession. READ MORE: UK recession warning as Britons told to take ‘precautionary measures'     She said: “I just couldn’t take in what was happening to me, I kept thinking people would come to my house and I just buried my head in the sand because I could not face the reality.” Thankfully, Chloe stumbled across the debt management charity StepChange and after reaching out they helped her negotiate a payment plan with her creditors. She explained: “StepChange acted as the middleman for me, I told them what I could afford to pay back and they arranged it all for me which meant I stopped getting letters and calls and if anything changed I could talk to Stepchange and get it sorted. “They have been a godsend, they really helped me get the ball rolling and since they stepped in to help I’ve managed to pay off around £2,000.” Chloe said that her debts spiralled through credit card usage but had begun with using buy now pay later. She believes that the concept of buy now pay later is being sold in a “light-hearted way” so people cannot see hows serious it is and that it is “too easy” to sign up. However, she does understand the benefits of this type of payment if people understand how it works. Chloe said: “If you need to do a food shop for your family and you don’t have the money then you will choose the option to pay later, you are not thinking about the later because you are desperate now.   “I'm hesitant about it now, but if my fridge broke I would be able to get a new one and split it into manageable monthly payments, but that’s because I’m aware of how it works and I can see the benefits of it." There are multiple buy now pay later companies on the market currently and some services currently offer a “soft credit check” if a person decides to pay in four, pay in 30 days, or chooses monthly financing, so paying over the course of six to 36 months. A soft credit check is recorded on a credit file but won’t impact a person’s credit score and no other lenders would be able to see it. Chloe believes that further checks should be made for this option of payment, the same way credit checks are put in place for those who want to take out a loan. For loans, credit cards and mortgages, “hard credit checks” are made. This is where the lender will do an in-depth check of a person’s credit report. A research report conducted by Barclays Bank and StepChange found that due to the cost of living crisis, buy now pay later lending has become “more appealing” to over a third of shoppers. READ MORE: Scam warning: Santander explains what it'll never do     One in four admitted that they have used buy now pay later for purchases they “couldn’t comfortably afford” and nearly 10 percent of shoppers plan to use it for the first time this year due to inflationary financial pressures. The debt management charity stated that this was “highly concerning”. Phil Andrew, chief executive at StepChange, said: "Buy now pay later is deliberately marketed and presented as a means of payment rather than as a form of credit, which is what it really is. It is also marketed not just lifestyle spending, but for essentials such as groceries or school uniforms.” StepChange believes that there is currently “very little friction” to prevent customers from building up “significant debt” with this payment practice and argues that it is “vital” that regulation is brought forward to protect consumers. Stronger regulation into buy now pay later is currently being discussed by the HM Treasury. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Klarna also believes in stronger regulation for the sector and that it has “not waited for BNPL regulation” and “urges the government to move quicker” in order to protect consumers from “irresponsible, unregulated buy now pay later providers and traditional banks “disguising high-interest products as buy now pay later”.     Alex Marsh, head of Klarna UK, said: “As a licensed European bank with many years experience providing regulated credit products in the UK, we welcome HM Treasury’s BNPL regulation announcement as it will raise standards and consumer protections across the sector. “As the UK’s largest buy now pay later provider, we will continue working closely with HM Treasury and the FCA to accelerate progress and make future regulation of the highest possible standard globally.” The group said it makes it clear to customers that it offers credit products and has worked with Fairer Finance to ensure its terms & conditions are clear, simple and easy to understand, and has started sharing buy now pay later data with credit reference agencies to protect customers from accumulating multiple lines of credit. Mr Marsh describes the research from Barclays and Stepchange as “mind-boggling and frankly irresponsible” as they are endorsing “high interest” credit products such as credit cards. He added: “The conclusions in this report from Barclays are hugely patronizing to UK Retailers who already choose their credit providers based on their responsible lending practices and quality of service. “With consumers rating Klarna Excellent on Trustpilot, four point five stars out of five from over 150,000 reviews, compared to Barclays which scrapes just one point five stars out of five, it's unsurprising that UK Retailers, like their customers, are ditching the old banks.” Chloe isn’t out of the woods just yet, as she is still working to pay off the last of the debts. She said: “I now have control again and if circumstances don’t change, it looks like I may be able to pay these debts off fully within the next two years. I cannot even imagine the relief I am going to feel when that day eventually come.”  