Brenda Blethyn, who’s portrayed DCI Vera Stanhope for over a decade, as the much-loved detective solves murders in the North East. Brenda had never been to Northumberland before the series began shooting and was "stunned" by the backdrop for the ITV drama. Since 2011, viewers have been watching no-nonsense Vera solve crime mysteries in Newcastle. Although the actress divides her time living between London and Kent, she spends half of the year filming for the ITV series up north. Touching on getting to spend time away from home, she explained: “Oh it’s beautiful in Northumberland. “I’d never been there actually before we did Vera and I was stunned at the most spectacular scenery.”    She continued: “There’s seascapes, landscapes and the people are so nice. “I think it’s kind of true what they say about the North-South divide, they really are very friendly people.” Speaking on the Saturday Live podcast with Aasmah Mir and Rev Richard Coles, Brenda went on to deny her character was complex. Brenda explained Ann Cleeves, who wrote the original books, created Vera from all the woman she knew after the war who were left on their own.   She said: “They were very capable women who just got on with things, a bit of the Dunkirk spirit! “They got on and were very capable in whatever they were doing and it wasn’t a priority to have companionship.” When the series first launched however, Brenda wasn’t sure fans loved the detective.But, she credits the detective’s long term sidekick Joe Ashworth (played by David Leon) with changing their minds.   “The viewers liked him, as they do my second sidekick, so they thought 'Well, if he likes her there must be something we’re missing!'" she recalled. Recently, Brenda and the cast were seen in the North East filming series 12 of the ITV drama. In new images from June, Brenda could be seen with Kenny Doughty, who plays Aiden Healy in the show. The pair were spotted an intense scene in the Two Arches Cafe in Wallsend. Wearing her signature dark green mack and hat, Vera and Aiden looked out of the cafe's window as the cameras were rolling. The detective was also spotted on her phone looking serious before the duo rushed out of the cafe, perhaps to attend to an emergency.  Fans are hoping it won't be too much longer before new episodes are available to watch. Vera is available to watch on ITV Hub.  