Protesters from the "Just Stop Oil" group last week invaded the Silverstone F1 track during the first lap of the British Grand Prix. While these individuals sat on the Wellington Straight, the fastest point of the track, their organisation tweeted that “we are demanding the Government stop all new fossil fuel licensing”. Dan Wootton has criticised the activists for putting lives at risk and insisted they must be thrown in jail. The GB News host wrote in the Mail that he was all for free speech and the right to protest. But the actions of those representing "Just Stop Oil", he argued, went a step further than these rights and constituted an act of “eco-terrorism”. Seven-time F1 world champion Lewis Hamilton said of the protesters: “I love that people are fighting for the planet and we need more people like them.” Gary Lineker added in a post on Twitter: “If it’s not already too late [to prevent the world from being destroyed by climate change], history will look back very favourably on these people.” But former British motorsports racing driver Martin Brundle hit back against this support, insisting the protesters put lives at risk. He wrote: “Gary please don’t encourage this reckless behaviour. “They’d have been sliced into 100 pieces and fans, marshals and drivers were wholly at risk of injury and death… READ MORE: Boris 'finished' as Brexiteer brands PM 'dreadful' for populism “I totally 100 percent support freedom of speech and opinion, but do it responsibly.” Mr Wootton agreed: “No matter how middle class and privileged these champagne socialists appear, and no matter how noble they think their cause may be, the Just Stop Oil morons are eco-terrorists… “They want to subvert democratic means by using dangerous methods that damage property and put the safety of innocent Brits at risk in order to advance an extreme political outcome.” DON'T MISS: Hated Brexit deal ‘could shatter UK’ [OPINION] Farage blasts those blaming conflict in Ukraine for inflation [NEWS] Britons blast Tories and Labour who are ‘as bad as each other’ [OPINION] By risking the lives of others (and, indeed, themselves) the protesters, he added, are damaging the cause they hope to champion. Mr Wootton argued: “Just Stop Oil is a malevolent force doing far more harm than good to the climate change cause they claim to represent. “The haters and wreckers should be locked up because they have become a terrorist-like organisation founded on extremism.” As well as running on race courses, climate protesters around the world have, in recent weeks, targeted famous and well-loved pieces of art. Demonstrators this week glued their hands to the base of a 16th century copy of Leonardo da Vinci's The Last Supper at the Royal Academy of Arts in London, prompting further outrage. But despite – or, perhaps, because of – the backlash, ‘Just Stop Oil’ has insisted it “will continue to resist until our demand is met”.