The Tory leadership race has been branded a ‘dirty campaign’ as leadership hopefuls speed towards the final round of voting among their colleagues in the House of Commons. Conservative MP David Davis suggested the leadership battle had been marred by bitter comments and strategic ploys as he described the grubbied legacy of the contest. With the candidates set to be whittled down to a final two on Wednesday, Mr Davis claimed he had already requested an inquiry be held into how the campaigns have utilised Government resources. Speaking on LBC, radio host Andrew Marr asked: “Overall, has it been a dirty campaign?” Mr David replied: “It’s been the dirtiest campaign I’ve ever seen. “I’ve seen everyone since John Major, I actually witnessed from outside Maragret Thatcher - it’s been the grubbiest campaign I’ve ever seen.” He added: “I’ve written to the Cabinet Secretary asking for an inquiry into the use of Government resources in some respects.”    The Conservative MP revealed he had already taken action to encourage an investigation into how Government resources have been used within the contest. Mr Davis added: “I understand there is also an inquiry into Anne-Marie Trevelyan’s use of resources too.” The news of an inquiry into Ms Trevelyan comes after she made comments on Monday night suggesting leadership candidate Penny Mordaunt had struggled in her position as a Minister for International Trade. Ms Trevelyan backed the assessment of Lord Frost that Ms Mordaunt was not always available or able to fully complete her Ministerial duties, meaning others in the Department had to pick up her slack. Read more: Penny Mordaunt pledges to stand up to Chinese aggression Mr Davis said: “The truth is we are selecting the next Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. “That ought to be done on rationality and democracy, not dirty tricks.” His assessment comes as rumours have circulated suggesting an element of tactical voting is underfoot among MPs. Supporters of Rishi Sunak have been accused of lending their support to Foreign Secretary Liz Truss in an effort to secure her position among the final two candidates. Don't miss: Boris, Theresa & David failed in one crucial area says PENNY MORDAUNT [COMMENT]Boris hosts final Cabinet meeting and takes swipe at Tory hopefuls [REPORT]Robert Peston warns race to succeed Boris Johnson a gift to Labour [INSIGHT] Speaking of the campaign strategy of the former Chancellor, Mr Davis said: “He wants to fight Liz because she is the person who will lose the debate to hime.” Mr Davis has pledged his personal support to Penny Mordaunt whom he described as a “better call” than the other remaining contenders. Tensions have already flared within the party as leading candidates dramatically pulled out of a planned televised debate on Sky News. The broadcaster claimed:  “Conservative MPs are said to be concerned about the damage the debates are doing to the image of the party, exposing disagreements and splits.” Read next: Sunak has NO SUPPORT among Express readers despite winning MP voteMatt Hancock nods as fuming caller shames 'useless Health Secretary'POLL: Who should win Tory leadership race as three candidates remain?Rishi Sunak Brexit views: What does former Chancellor REALLY thinkLiz Truss can win Red Wall seats unlike 'backstabber' Sunak