US-supplied HIMARS missiles successfully blew a large hole in the Antonovsky bridge – which spans the Dnipro River linking Russian-occupied Kherson with Oleshky. It forms one of few major crossings between the southernmost part of Ukraine, near Crimea, and the front line.  Ukrainian officials also stated that a successful attack on Russian military installations had cause a “powerful explosion”. Hromadske Radio, an independent Ukrainian outlet, reported earlier today (Tuesday) that the explosion had been heard by residents as far as Chornobaivka, a village on the north-western outskirts of the city, near the airport. Russian state media Tass confirmed the targets had been struck by the American-made artillery. Latest intelligence from the UK Ministry of Defence shows Russian forces occupy Kherson and its surrounding areas, but have not pushed as far as Mykolaiv to the north-west.  READ MORE: Russian troops 'running in all direction' as Putin LOSES control The hit suggests the invading army in the area may struggle to resupply its front line, providing a strategic weakness against potential counter-attacks. Confirming the strike, Serhii Khlan, adviser to the Kherson oblast governor, said there had been a “good shot” which landed to the side of the bridge on the southern side of the Dnipro. There, he claimed, was “such a site where the orcs have made very powerful fortifications, placed many weapons, a military unit that takes care of security and acts as a powerful checkpoint in the area between the bridges.” Local reports suggest explosions also rang out further up the river in Nova Kakhova, again targeting Russian military facilities.  Footage of the aftermath of the Antonovsky bridge attack shows large holes which run through the concrete and tarmac, with an impact crater below. Smotri media, another Ukrainian outlet which first posted the video online, said Russian air defence systems were now being strengthened following the attack, citing official sources. It added that five Ukrainian missiles of six fired on the area had been shot down. The Ukrainian armed forces have been making good use of their new Western-supplied firepower to target the occupying Russian military as fighting in the nation approaches its sixth month.  DON'T MISS: Top ranked Belarussian troops rebel against Russian invasion [REVEAL] 'Deploy weapons!' Lukashenko orders Russia send nuclear strike on West [REPORT] Putin hints at unleashing horror defence pact with Belarus [INSIGHT] Last week, Zelensky’s military used HIMARS missiles to destroy around two dozen ammunition bases, leaving the invading troops in the south of the nation disguising themselves as civilians, according to reports. Meanwhile, troops are being trained in British M270 Multiple Launch Rocket Systems – which are anticipated to bring even greater firepower and precision to the strikes. On July 11, Ukrainian forces struck a large warehouse the Russian armed forces were using to house supplies in Nova Kakhova. CNN analysts suggested the “precise” attack – which left just one small crater – created a secondary explosion which caused “widespread damage”.  On Thursday morning, Ukrainian intelligence sources suggested another hit had been successfully carried out on the warehouses. A Ukrainian Centre for Strategic Communications source told Lithuanian outlet Delfi that following the attack, Russian soldiers stationed in the area were “running in different directions and hastily transporting both stolen and brought items”. Laying bare the desperation of the ground troops, they added: “Local residents report that some of the panicked orcas are disguising themselves as civilians and climbing into vehicles that have been taken from civilians, carrying large bags.”  On Wednesday, Vadim Denysenko, a senior official in the Ukrainian Interior Ministry, said that in the past two weeks the armed forces had been able to destroy over 20 Russian military targets, “above all thanks to the weapons that Ukraine [has] received”. He added that these strikes “will certainly affect the intensity of fire” Putin’s floundering forces can bring to bear. 