Accepting the support of a colleague or neighbour may mean you will have to discuss personal plans and arrangements. If you feel uncomfortable with this, thank them for their offer but decline it politely. As it happens, someone’s helpful advice could hold a tinge of malice. You keep telling yourself something is going to go wrong because past experience has taught you how a task you have taken on is not an easy one. You have also learned from experience and you could be surprised by the more efficient way you handle this job this time. When it comes to anything creative, let your imagination run wild, go with your instincts and enjoy the unexpected results. It doesn’t matter that you aren’t approaching something in the same way other people do. What matters is you are putting your artistic talents to good use.  The chance to repay a kindness will occur from out of the blue. This is likely to involve a neighbour or old friend and you will happily take this opportunity to return a favour. Financial discussions within the family are going round in circles. You would be wasting your time continuing with conversations that lead nowhere. Aim to put a flexible frame of mind towards any and all partnership dealings. Routines that worked well in the past aren’t as successful now as circumstances are changing. You might feel someone is revealing too much of their personal life in public and if so, a quiet word would be helpful. A young relative could do with some advice on a problem they feel too embarrassed to talk about. They will feel reassured that they can confide in you and it won’t go any further. Be guided by your intuition if you sense someone needs a little support or guidance.  With the cost of living rising, you may have to make even further reductions to everyday expenditures and this isn’t going to be easy. A close friend who knows how to have a good time without spending a lot of money will keep you looking on the bright side. Refuse to take the blame for something you didn’t do. Make it your intention to give as good as you receive if an opponent seems out to pull you down. If you need to talk to someone, choose a friend you can trust who can take an objective view of a contentious situation. As well as listening to what people are saying, watch their body language. This will help you pick up on the things that aren’t being said. As much as you try to analyse a personal problem, reaching a decision or conclusion won’t be easy. You would do well to be guided by your intuition.  Be patient if you are looking to buy a household item, searching for a holiday deal or buying some property. You might not find what you are looking for immediately but if you keep looking around, you will find the item you need at a sensible price. A talk with a senior colleague will get you thinking about choices you have made in life and those you are still to make. If you feel that personally or professionally, you have taken the wrong path, there’s nothing stopping you from retracing your steps. You’re finding it increasingly hard to understand someone you used to be very close to. When once you could say anything and know they would know what you were talking about, now they just don’t get it and the feeling is growing stronger that you are growing apart. 