Mrs Hinch rose to fame on social media several years ago when she started to post unusual cleaning tips and tricks. With more than four million Instagram followers, the cleaning guru shares more of her family life. Her fans now share their advice on dedicated forums, including how to unblock plugholes. Posting on Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, one woman asked for advice on the “best product” for unblocking her bath and sink drain due to the possible cause of her long hair. Aimee Adams wrote: “What is the best product to use for unblocking sinks? “The drain in my bath and the sink in the same room are blocked. I have long blonde hair and we are renting and need to unblock it. “The bath panel doesn’t look removable and there’s no screws to unscrew the plug either.” READ MORE: ‘Perfect way’ to add property value and make a home ‘more desirable’ Blockages are typically caused by a build-up of hair, soap and shampoo in the bathroom plugholes. In the kitchen, blockages are often caused by food debris or oil. Taking to the comments, more than 50 Mrs Hinch fans shared their top tips for unblocking drains. The most common solution was to use a combination of baking soda, white vinegar and boiling water. DON'T MISS: Boris Johnson: Where he may live with Carrie and children [INSIGHT]Monty Don shares ‘secret’ for ‘better’ container plant displays [EXPERT]‘The best way’ to water tomato plants - ‘important to their growth’ [TIPS] Michelle Young commented: “White vinegar and baking soda.” Sarah Hyde suggested: “Pour boiling hot water down the drain, then pour baking soda and a cup of white vinegar down and leave for 10 minutes. “Then pour another kettle of boiling water again to clear it.” Sandra Dixson said: “Had the same problem and used the old fashioned method of baking soda and white vinegar down the sink and let it sit for about 10 minutes. READ MORE: 'Looks brand new': Get kettle sparkling and eradicate limescale “I then poured boiling water down the drain. Since then, they have never blocked again. Hope that helps.” “Baking soda, white vinegar and boiling water is the most natural method I’ve found and it works all the time,” says Claire Sanford. The cleaning enthusiast added: “The most you’ll have to spend on this hack is around 50p for the baking soda in Asda.” The white powder retails for 55p in Asda, but can also be purchased at all local supermarkets. White vinegar can be bought for 29p at stores like Sainsbury’s and Tesco. Chetan Mankar, Operations Director of leading home emergency insurance company Smart Cover, explained that unblocking a drain “can be as simple as pouring hot water down the drain with a mix of baking soda and vinegar”. He added: “Using hot water to clear a sink blockage is one of the easiest and least expensive solutions. “Bring a kettle to the boil then pour the hot water into the sink and allow it to stand for a couple of minutes.”