Michael Weatherly left CBS' legal drama Bull earlier this year after six seasons, leaving many fans disappointed. This isn't the first time he has made his exit from a hit show as he was previously best known for portraying Agent Tony DiNozzo before his departure from NCIS in 2016. So what is there to know about the actor when it comes to romance? Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about the love life of Michael Weatherly. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from NCIS. NCIS alumni Michael Weatherly is married to Serbian internist Dr Bojana Janković. The couple met after locking eyes at a bar in Vancouver in but just before, Weatherly insisted he wasn't interested in meeting anyone. In an interview with PEOPLE in 2010, he explained when a friend questioned if he was lonely, Weatherly said: "Not really. I’m pretty happy. Works for [George] Clooney!" But he continued: “I kept looking out of the corner of my eye and seeing this ravishing, gorgeous beauty. “We made eye contact. And that was it.” READ MORE: Graham Norton slams Royal Family for ‘never learning’ The couple, who have a 15-year age gap between them, went on to have two children, a daughter called Olivia and a son named Liam. Weatherly has previously said he tries his best not to bring his work to their Manhattan home. He said: “I’m a single-track-mind person, so at work I do my work, but at home I’m devoted to my kids. “Acting has given me a way of understanding myself. It’s made me a better person.” In terms of Bojana's career, she is a double board-certified physician in internal and integrative medicine. She has received various awards over the years including the Southern California Top Doctors’ Rising Star in 2016 and 2017 and Top Doctor recognition in 2018 — 2021 in New York. Bojana has also dabbled in the entertainment industry, working as a writer and assistant director. Her projects include the 2007 short film Do Not Leave Me with Strangers and 2009 Serbian TV series TVWWW. DON'T MISS...Endeavour’s Roger Allam shares heartache of leaving Fred Thursday [EXIT]‘Floundering’ Harry’s US ambitions savaged by Sharon Osbourne [ROYAL]NCIS Hawaii's Julia star supported by co-stars after new role  [CAST] She may no longer work in TV and film but she has still regularly appeared on TV as a health consultant. Some of her appearances have been on shows like MSNBC, TODAY and Rachael Ray. Bojana made the rounds in 2018 on shows like TODAY and Rachael Ray for segments on the cold and flu season. This isn't Weatherly's first marriage though as he originally tied the knot with actress Amelia Heinle. The actors got married in 1995 and were together for two years before splitting up for good. The couple had one child before their divorce, a son called August. Heinle's biggest roles have been in The Young and the Restless, Loving and All My Children. NCIS season 20 will premiere on Monday, September 19, on CBS in America. A UK release date hasn't been announced.