Historian and broadcaster Dr David Starkey, speaking to Nigel Farage on GB News, said it was imperative for “any new Tory leader who hopes to hold the north and the south” of the United Kingdom to “be proud of his country”. Dr Starkery claimed issues of levelling up were “largely beside the point”, suggesting success in Downing Street was more to do with carrying forward a “big picture” that is “conditioned by the British experience”.    Dr Starkey said: “People now don’t believe in [patriotism and British sovereignty]. Any new Tory leader who hopes to hold that north and south, the key to doing it is to be proud of your country. “And all this stuff about levelling up and whatever, it’s not completely beside the point but it is largely beside the point. “And actually, it’s a commitment to patriotism and to pride in your country [that is important]. “That also involves a lot of other things that determine what you can and cannot do. There’s a big picture or vision that has got to be conditioned by the British and the English experience.”   It comes as a Tory MP who is part of the 1922 Committee said that there was a “pretty strong view” across the board that Boris Johnson should resign as Prime Minister. David Simmonds, who represents the Ruislip, Northwood and Pinner constituency, said the Prime Minister should go as the "message has been very clear from colleagues". On the 1922 Committee meeting, Mr Simmonds said: "There were a couple of people who would agree with that (that he should not go). “Well, there was one person I can think of, but other than that, no, I think it was a pretty strong view across the piece." READ MORE: Battle for Downing Street: Sunak and Mordaunt fight to be PM [REVEAL]    Mr Simmonds later added that there were a number of “good candidates” in the Tory party that could replace Mr Johnson, some of which had a “vision for the country”. He said: "I'm not canvassing for anybody. But I think we have got a fair few good people. I think Rishi Sunak has a good economic vision for the country. "I was a strong Remainer. But I think as somebody who believes in Brexit, he has actually got a plan. So I like that." And amid the chaos of Tory dissidence, Mr Johnson has formally rejected a call from the Scottish First Minister for Holyrood to be given the power to hold a second independence vote. DON'T MISS: Boris Johnson - it’s time for you to stand down, says Roy Daniels [OPINION] Will there be a general election? Boris on brink [INSIGHT] Prince Charles' tense meeting with Boris Johnson: 'No respect!' [REVEAL]  In a letter to Nicola Sturgeon, the under-fire Prime Minister said he had "carefully considered" her request - but he insisted that he could "not agree that now is the time to return to a question which was clearly answered by the people of Scotland in 2014". Ms Sturgeon said the refusal to grant the Scottish Parliament the power to hold a vote could be one of Mr Johnson's last acts as Prime Minister. The letter, which the Scottish First Minister revealed on Twitter, came in the wake of a series of resignations from government at Westminster, with many Tories now urging the PM to quit. Ms Sturgeon insisted: "To be clear, Scotland will have the opportunity to choose independence - I hope in a referendum on 19 October 2023 but if not, through a general election." READ NEXT: 'He knows it' - Boris Johnson's knows 'the end is nigh' - analysisWho YOU think should replace Boris Johnson as majority want him OUTWill there be another no confidence vote? Boris Johnson gives huge hint he's ready for snap ELECTIONBoris Johnson salary: How much does the PM earn? 