Piers Morgan, 57, has taken a dig at Gary Lineker, 61, whose BBC salary was cut “marginally” since last year. Despite the decrease, Gary continued to top the broadcaster’s list of highest-earning presenters for the fifth consecutive year. His salary went down to at least £1.35m from the £1.36m he took home last year, The Times cited the BBC’s annual report as revealing today. Piers took to Twitter earlier today to react to the news in view of his 7.9 million followers. Reposting the tweet that revealed the news, Piers typed: “So sorry for your loss, Jugs,” alongside a praying hands emoji. The news regarding Gary’s salary has sparked calls for the BBC to be defunded, with many taking to social media to express their views. READ MORE: Jeremy Vine's Storm Huntley welcomes baby boy and fans ‘love his name' Twitter user cole_stephen wrote: "Gary Lineker stays top of BBC stars salaries list - #Defund the BBC,"while sharing the article from the BBC. Posting the same article, FigaroGal said: "Obscene amounts of money. Sooner BBC is disbanded the better. Gary Lineker stays top of BBC star salaries list." Reacting to the news which was shared by GB News' Twitter account, Black_Author penned: "We need to take the word 'British' out of 'BBC' #DefundTheBBC the woke, leftwing, anti-British @BBCNews and ditch @GaryLineker they must go," before tagging a number of other TV personalities. The £1.36million Gary earned last year which followed a pay cut from £1.75milion. After Gary was BBC Radio 2 presenter Zoe Ball who took £980,000. Steve Wright and Alan Shearer both came in third with £450,000. Other big names included in the top 10 of the broadcaster’s best-paid included Huw Edwards at number six, Scott Mills at number eight and Greg James who came in tenth. Meanwhile, BBC Breakfast presenter Naga Munchetty received a £100k pay increase. DON'T MISS...‘I may have to have surgery’ Eamonn Holmes shares grim health update [LATEST]Johnny Depp hits back at Amber Heard's 'desperate' bid for retrial [UPDATES]Romeo Beckham wipes all trace of Mia Regan from Instagram amid 'split' [INSTAGRAM] Her salary currently stands at a massive £365,000 a year for her work on the morning show. Alongside her presenting job on BBC Breakfast with co-star Charlie Stayt, Naga also hosts the mid-morning slot on Radio 5 Live. She was brought in as a replacement for Emma Barnett back in October 2020. Naga said at the time: "I’m absolutely thrilled to be joining the 5 Live team. "I have always wanted to work more on radio, and after such an enjoyable experience presenting on the station recently, I jumped at this opportunity. “5 Live has one of the most passionate, engaged audiences in radio. “The prospect of talking to those listeners every week really excites me." Naga joined BBC Breakfast and has been reading the national news bulletins since 2010.