Manchester United currently have no plans to refund Cristiano Ronaldo shirts if the veteran leaves, Express Sport understands. The Portugal international wants to leave the Red Devils for a team playing in the Champions League. However, there’s no indication that will happen with the club adamant he isn’t for sale. Manchester United have today launched their new home shirt, with the club poised to rock a 1990s look when they play under Erik ten Hag. Ronaldo’s face has been involved in the marketing campaign, despite the Portugal international’s desire to leave. Fans are currently able to acquire ‘Ronaldo 7’ shirts from the club’s online store, with the Portugal international likely to be a big seller. And Express Sport understands that, right now, United have no plans to dish out any refunds if the 37-year-old ends up leaving. That, mainly, is because they’re still stressing the Portugal international will see out his contract - which is due to expire next year. However, Express Sport was also told that United fans should consider who they decide to get before placing an order. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez Bruno Fernandes is likely to be a popular pick, with the Portugal midfielder set to sport the No 8 kit next term. And Jadon Sancho could be another big-seller, with hopes high the England international can kick on after an underwhelming first season at the club. Given there would likely be a backlash if Ronaldo does go, it’s still possible they’ll act and refund supporters in the future in the event of any potential departure. For now, though, no decision on that has been taken and the club are happy to sell the shirts with their No 7 on the back. Ronaldo wants to leave United to play in the Champions League, with the Red Devils poised to be in the Europa League instead. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen But, right now, it’s unclear where he’ll go to. Chelsea are eyeing a shock deal for the Portugal international, with Blues owner Todd Boehly recently meeting Jorge Mendes for talks. United don’t want to sell Ronaldo to a direct rival, however, with Thomas Tuchel’s side also looking to finish in the top four next season. So, with that being the case, it’s hard to see him making a move to Stamford Bridge. Bayern Munich have been credited with an interest in Ronaldo, at a time where Robert Lewandowski is hoping to leave the Allianz Arena for Barcelona. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. However, the Bundesliga titans believe the finances required would be too high and, therefore, have distanced themselves from talk of a deal. Barcelona have also emerged as potential suitors for Ronaldo. Yet the Portugal international previously spent nine years at rivals Real Madrid, which may complicate any potential move to the Nou Camp. Regarding Ronaldo and his United future, former Red Devils star Paul Parker thinks a departure could actually suit all parties involved. Parker told talkSPORT: "He wants to leave, he wants to move on and that old adage has come out again, 'I want Champions League football'. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here "I think for the sake of Manchester United I don't see it as a bad thing if he wants to go. “But what they've got to do more than anything is they've got to be prepared, they've got to have a centre-forward. "In theory, they've got to start signing players because they're just not bringing anyone in before pre-season and then it might be a last-minute one coming in, which isn't always good. “Then all of a sudden are they then going to go out in January and try and bring two or three players in which generally is not the way that a forward-thinking club goes down. Not the line they go down." Ronaldo previously left United back in 2009, joining Real Madrid for a world-record fee of £80million that summer. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team