Boris Johnson announced his resignation on July 7 in a speech outside Downing Street. The Prime Minister accepted that the time is right for him to step aside, but he vowed to continue until a replacement has been found. Ms Mordaunt is the Minister of State at the Department for International Trade, a post she has held since September. Previously, she held roles in successive governments, and was the first woman to become minister for the Armed Forces under David Cameron. She did not stand in the 2019 Tory leadership contest, and is a Brexiteer who has spoken publicly about the benefits of leaving the EU. READ MORE: Boris Johnson LIVE: Tories enter leadership race - UK 'paralysed' On the European Union, Ms Mordaunt has generally voted against further integration with the bloc. In 2015, she voted against adopting an EU decision on the relocation of migrants to other states. And she abstained on a government vote in June 2016 about whether the UK should stay in the EU or not, a diplomatic move after former prime minister Cameron publicly campaigned for the UK to remain. She said in a 2018 speech about Brexit: “We must honour the result of the referendum. The public decided, and we must implement their views.” In 2010, Ms Mordaunt voted in favour of raising the UK’s university tuition fee level to £9,000 per year, a controversial move that saw widespread student protests. On taxes, she has consistently voted in favour of raising the income tax threshold, effectively a vote in favour of giving workers a pay rise. Ms Mordaunt’s voting record on social issues has generally been liberal, as she has voted in favour of equal gay rights, and for allowing same-sex marriage. Her record on key issues such as tax and Brexit are one of the reasons the Minister of State for Trade has built a strong reputation among Conservatives. DON'T MISS:Brexit ‘in serious danger’ warns Ann Widdecombe amid Remainer plot [REACTION]Question Time: Campbell kept on 'short leash' [ANALYSIS]Boris MUST be replaced by a Brexiteer Tory MPs warn [INSIGHT] With the Prime Minister’s announcement of his resignation, the 1922 Committee will soon get the wheels in motion for the leadership contest. Tories will want to have it wrapped up by the autumn, ahead of the party conference in October, to save the outgoing Prime Minister from leading the event. In his resignation speech outside Downing Street, Mr Johnson said: “I want you to know that from now until my successor is in place, your interests will be served and the government of the country will be carried on.”