 Writing on Mumsnet, the poster said that she lives in a ground-floor flat without a garden, but it does come with a driveway. She does not have a car, adding that this is making her question whether she is being unreasonable.  Instead of parking a car on the driveway, the anonymous woman said she often uses it to hang washing out or relax in the sun. A few months ago, a family moved into the flat above her and have taken to parking their “big people carrier” on the driveway. She claimed they didn't ask her for permission and just assumed they were entitled to because she doesn’t have a car. Her frustration stems from when the car is parked, she cannot hang her washing out as the car blocks the sun. READ MORE: Campervan couple turned away from favourite destination  She added: “They park it diagonally as well which is a pain in the a*** for me getting my pram in and out. “They are out there at the minute cleaning and hoovering the car about three feet away from my doorstep so I can't sit out and enjoy the sun and a bit of peace and quiet. “Am I being unreasonable to be unhappy about them using my drive in this way?” Many of the responses were on the side of the mother, saying that she wasn’t being unreasonable. DON'T MISSDrivers urged to be hyper vigilant: Hot weather could result in fine [SHOCKING]Drivers warned of massive £5,000 fines for wearing sunglasses [WARNING]Drivers urged to make simple fuel-saving car changes - ‘It pays off!’ [INSIGHT]  One user suggested that she speak with the neighbours and inform them that it is her driveway and not a share space. Another said: “I’d tell them to stop it ASAP. “The longer you leave it, the harder it will be to stop it if you ever do have a car or want your own guest to park there. “You wouldn't let someone pitch up a tent in your back garden so why would you let someone park a car in your front garden?”  Another forum member said she should tell them it’s a private driveway and they don't have permission to park there. They added that it may simply be a misunderstanding so far because she hasn’t spoken with them. A third user questioned how the situation had made it to this point. They asked: “Have they assumed it's a general parking space? Where should they park?  “In the past few months have you never sat out or put your washing out, that they could see? “I think you're perfectly reasonable to want to use your own driveway.” However, not everyone agreed with the owner of the driveway, including one commenter who wondered why she had let them park there for so long. They added: “You've kind of created the problem, maybe they think it's theirs? “Basically tell them to stop parking on your driveway.”