Season four concluded with June (played by Elisabeth Moss) finally getting the ultimate revenge on her former commander, evil but powerful Fred (Joseph Fiennes) as she and a mob of other ex-handmaids ambushed him and left him for dead. As a key player in the Gilead regime though, it's clear the government will vow to do whatever it takes to punish June, and the newly-released season five trailer suggests a full-blown war could break out, spearheaded by a grieving Serena (Yvonne Strahovski). The imprisoned wife of Fred appears determined to take revenge for her husband's killing. Will June manage to escape the full powers of Gilead, or could Serena finally put a stop to her rebellion? The trailer sees June ominously washing blood from her hands with a satisfied smile while she states: "I want her to know that it was me. The grieving wife." Serena then appears in full widow mode, complete with a black veil. June continues: "She knows the world is watching" before adding: "I feel Gilead pulling me back." June's husband Luke Bankole (O-T Fagbenle) is seemingly trying to comfort his wife in another clip, telling her: "She can't get to you, so you've just got to forget about her." READ MORE: Outlander's Sam Heughan speaks out series ending as he drops huge clue It's suggested Fred's funeral is broadcast on TV, with Gilead supporting the mourning Serena. Later, Serena smiles darkly from beneath her veil, as though she has a big plan up her sleeve. Mark Tuello (Sam Jaeger), a representative of the US Government-in-Exile, then gives a warning, stating: "A handmaid killing her commander. Gilead is not going to let that stand." But a resolute June stands tall as her voice is heard saying: "You want a fight? Let’s fight." Serena and June have been bitter enemies from day one, and there's a lot of unfinished business between them. The women could possibly have a final stand-off, resulting in June's death. During the trailer, Aunt Lydia (Ann Dowd) yells: "Blessed be this day," with a smile on her face. This could imply June is either caught by Gilead, or something even worse has happened to her. DON'T MISS... Ackley Bridge producer opens up on season 5 challenges [EXCLUSIVE]Prince Andrew film 'not good news for Royal Family' warns Ferrari [VIDEO]'Camilla 'perfect' for future royal role says expert [LATEST] Aunt Lydia decided during the last season that June should be "on the wall" to stop her from fronting the rebellion which has led to widespread chaos in Gilead. Perhaps she is delighting in the fact Gilead has reclaimed June and will be inflicting whatever punishment is deemed necessary. However, the feud between June and Serena is far more personal than June's revolt against the regime. Serena believes June had taken a child which was rightfully hers before helping to land her and Fred in prison, and now she has murdered him.  's possible Serena, who has some power in Gilead, will request to deal with June herself. A long-awaited showdown between the two could break out, and it will likely result in the end of one of the characters. Season five could well be the final instalment of the dystopian series, which would confirm the theory that June might die. Will the fearless leader finally meet her match? The Handmaid’s Tale season 5 airs from September 14 in the US on Hulu.