Virgin River returned to Netflix with season four and it saw Preacher (played by Colin Lawrence) feeling more helpless than ever. With Paige (Lexa Doig) and Christopher (Chase Petriw) missing, he wondered if he would ever save the day. Preacher may have a Canadian accent, but the actor behind the character was actually born in another part of the world. Preacher has been one of the pillars of the community in Virgin River since the first season. As the chef at Jack Sheridan's (Martin Henderson) bar, he has made connections with people from all walks of life. In season four, he formed a romantic relationship with martial arts teacher Julia (Lucia Walters). The Virgin River stars are married in real life, having tied the knot more than 20 years ago. Colin is a British-born Canadian actor, and he was born in London in September 1970. READ MORE: Who is Vince in Virgin River? The 51-year-old was raised in Vancouver, British Columbia, where Virgin River is filmed. He is also of Jamaican descent, having been born to Jamaican parents. The star launched his TV and film career in the early 90s, landing guest and recurring roles in a number of TV series. From 2006, he played Hamish "Skulls" McCall on the rebooted Battlestar Galactica series for three years. His other credits include the TV series Blade and Endgame. Aside from TV, he has taken on film roles in Watchmen and Fifty Shades Darker. Since playing Preacher in all four seasons of Virgin River, he appeared in two TV films. Fans may recognise him from Christmas in Evergreen: Bells are Ringing and Dancing Through the Snow. He is currently filming for the fifth season of Virgin River after it was given the green light. When season four first launched he took to Instagram to show his appreciation. DON'T MISS... What happened to Todd in Virgin River season 4? [DISCUSSION] Is Calvin really dead in Virgin River? [INSIGHT] Is Mike a dirty cop in Virgin River? [DISCUSSION] He said: "Wow, four seasons, surprise, surprise. What can I say, guys? "I just want to thank you all so much for embracing the show and making it such a global hit. "Truly, once again it is fans like you that have made our show so successful. "I personally believe season four will not disappoint." Clearly the series has gone down a huge hit as it has already been approved for another season. Netflix is confident the uplifting drama will continue to provide the perfect sense of escapism for fans. Season five will see the aftermath of Preacher and Vince's fight after Paige made a dramatic return. Fans will have to wait and see whether Preacher chooses Julia or Paige in this love triangle.  Virgin River seasons 1-4 are on Netflix now.