Frank Warren has left the door open for a potential exhibition bout between WBC heavyweight champion Tyson Fury and former World’s Strongest Man winner Thor Bjornsson before the close of the year. The pair began talking up a fight after Fury took to Instagram on Friday, to taunt Bjornsson, writing: "I wonder if Thor Bjornsson could take a crashing right hand to that big jaw? Who would have Thor's hammer? Would this mountain be too big to climb?" Bjornsson then replied on Instagram, stating: "Tyson, there's only one way to find out. Let's make this fight. I'm 100% up for war. Let's do this." To which, Fury fired back: "I just finished a brutal session, and I can only think about destroying one person; Thor, I'm coming for you, you're getting it sucker, there's only room for one big dog and that's me!" Bjornsson quickly responded to the callout with a message for Fury: "I f***ing love this, Tyson. Me and you in the ring like f***ing Vikings. This is going to be a bloodbath, but I f***ing can't wait. Let's do this!" Before Fury added: "Gypsy King is back on it this morning. Six days this week, twice a day! Thor, I'm going to come to Iceland and set about you, you big dosser. Get up!" Now, Frank Warren has weighed in on the fight’s chances and admitted it would be “quite interesting.” When asked by iFL TV about the possibility of 'The Gypsy King' and 'The Mountain' squaring off in 2022, he said: “I tell you what, that could be quite interesting. Who knows? Who knows in boxing?" MORE BOXING NEWS... Paul sets deadline for Fury fight as alternative opponents lined up Joe Joyce has three next fight options after stopping Christian Hammer Mike Tyson describes prison as ‘the best three years of my life’ Fury retired from professional boxing in April but has since talked up a lucrative cross-over boxing match with UFC heavyweight champion Francis Ngannou. However, the MMA star recently announced that he will be returning to the Octagon to defend his belt this year meaning he won’t be able to face Fury until 2023. With that likely in mind, Fury seems to be exploring his options in the meantime and has targeted Bjornsson as a potential opponent. The former strongman turned boxer has had four bouts so far during his 18-month stint. 'The Mountain' started his journey in the sport with two non-scoring bouts against professional boxers Steven Ward and Simon Vallily – taking both men the distance. Before following this up with back-to-back victories over Canadian arm wrestler Devon Larratt and fellow strongman Eddie Hall.