The pensioner, named Coleen Russell, was handed the parking fine by Euro Car Parks. This was despite the fact she never left her car during the visit to the Sutton Court Service Station. The 69-year-old said that she drove to the service station and hoped to have her car washed. Unfortunately for Ms Russell, she was met with a 30-minute queue upon her arrival on June 25. The elderly driver added that Euro Car Parks have several cameras monitoring the forecourt. And, the company reportedly fines anyone who stays for more than 30 minutes without a ticket. READ MORE: The 'simple way' drivers can save money on fuel - air con and windows However, the technology doesn't take into account cars using the car wash on busy days. Ms Russell, therefore, received a £100 fine from Euro Car Parks a week after her visit. The retired carer from Sutton, Surrey, said: "I've been going there for over 10 years, and this has never happened before. "I didn't go in for petrol, and I didn't go in to park - I was just in the queue for the car wash. DON'T MISS Drivers urged to carry out essential checks to avoid £2,500 fines [INSIGHT] Drivers urged to look out for ominous marks on tyres [REVEAL] Electric car owners urged to take extra care during heatwaves [ADVICE] "There were four cars in the line so I had to wait my turn to use the facility. "I'd like to know whether those cars were fined as well as they were also queuing just like me. "I just think it's so unfair, especially because I'm a pensioner." Colleen has appealed the decision. READ MORE: Official electric car ranges have to be taken with 'a pinch of salt' Express.co.uk has contacted Euro Car Parks for comment. The news comes after a father was left furious for being fined £100 for visiting McDonald’s twice in one day to get himself a coffee and a happy meal for his son. Spencer Barclay first visited the fast-food restaurant in Gateshead in the morning to get himself coffee before work. The 52-year-old claimed he then drove to nearby Metropolitan House where he works and parked in their free car park. Mr Barclay, from Benwell, Newcastle, said he finished work at 5pm and returned to the same McDonald's. This time he was getting a happy meal for his six-year-old son. The 52-year-old then made his way home without realising that he would be fined some days later. To his surprise, Mr Barclay received a parking fine from UKPC stating that he stayed at the McDonald’s car park for eight hours and 43 minutes. He told ChronicleLive: “It's absolutely disgusting, it's just blatantly designed to try and get money out of people - it's extortion! “This can clearly happen to anybody. "I think they have got a camera that photographs you but the camera is a snapshot in time. “It photographs you coming in and leaving and that's fine but what if you visit twice? “If you visit McDonald's twice in a day you can get £100 fine - that can't be right! "How many other people have been unfairly treated for going for a happy meal?" A spokesperson for McDonald’s said: "We are sorry to hear about this customer’s experience. “The car park at our Metro Retail Park restaurant is run by a third-party provider and we have made them aware of this issue. “We understand that if the customer contacts the provider directly, their case will be considered under the appeals process."