If Cristiano Ronaldo thought suitors would be racing to sign him when it became clear he wanted to leave Manchester United, he’s certainly proven to be mistaken. Nobody wants the Portugal international at present, believing he’s a figure of the past rather than the present or the future. So, with Anthony Martial in such prolific form, it’s possible the 37-year-old could be a substitute more often than not next term under new boss Erik ten Hag. It was revealed at the end of last month that Ronaldo wanted to leave United for a second time. Frustrated by their failure to qualify for the Champions League, despite his 24 goals across all competitions, the veteran feels the time is right to pursue a new challenge elsewhere. But while there was once a time where Ronaldo would have every single club on the planet trying to bring him in, those days are gone. Chelsea were previously interested, especially after Blues owner Todd Boehly held talks with Jorge Mendes. Yet Thomas Tuchel has other priorities and, therefore, a move to Stamford Bridge is now considered dead in the water. Likewise, Bayern Munich. The Bundesliga giants have lost Robert Lewandowski this summer, seeing the Poland international end his eight-year stint with the club to join Barcelona. Man Utd transfers: Barcelona draw up De Jong punishment plan But Bayern chief Oliver Kahn, as well as manager Julian Nagelsmann, have played down talk of the 37-year-old moving to the Bundesliga. Napoli have been linked, yet they don’t have the finances required to bring Ronaldo back to Italy. And while Roma were credited with an interest earlier this summer, their failure to qualify for the Champions League ultimately means a move to the Stadio Olimpico is likely. So Ronaldo, it seems, is stuck at United. And it’s possible that, if and when he returns, he could find himself given a brand new position: on the bench. Last season, he was United’s talisman. His 24 goals across all competitions were key to them qualifying for the Europa League, rather than the humiliating UEFA Conference League. But Ronaldo’s Hollywood homecoming also coincided with both Martial and Marcus Rashford going off the boil, while Jadon Sancho struggled to adapt. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong In pre-season, United are coping just fine without their No 7. And there’s a sense that bringing Ronaldo back into the fold, as a starter every week, would upset the balance that’s currently being created. Martial looks liberated in his favoured No 9 role, scoring three goals from as many pre-season appearances so far. Rashford is also back to his best, with the England international netting in matches against Melbourne Victory and Crystal Palace. And Sancho is beginning to resemble the unstoppable force he was during his four-year stint with Bundesliga side Borussia Dortmund. United, now, have no reason to start Ronaldo week in, week out. He wants out, whereas their current attacking trident are all committed to the cause. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. So it’s possible that Ten Hag, in his quest for glory, will opt against falling into the same mistakes as predecessors Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick. The Dutchman is a strong character, somebody who has 100 per cent faith in his methods and philosophy. And though he wants Ronaldo to stay, he’ll be acutely aware of how making the veteran the focal point of his team could backfire. Ronaldo would be a good squad player for United, without a doubt. Yet how he’d feel about that, after so many years of achieving greatness, is unclear. If history is anything to go by, though, he won’t be happy. As past bosses have found out, you bench Ronaldo at your peril. But United need to plan for the future, rather than focusing on the past. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team Regarding Ronaldo, meanwhile, Bruno Fernandes has opened up on his compatriot and the veteran’s absence from their pre-season tour. “Obviously we have to respect the decision of everyone,” said Fernandes. “I don't know what Cristiano said to the club, to the manager, I don't know what he's going into his head, but we have to respect his space. “From everything we know, he had some family problems, so we have to respect his space, give him some space and that's it. “Cristiano was our top scorer last season, he added goals to us, but obviously it's not on me, it's the club that has to make the choices and Cristiano makes his own choice. “As I said, I don't know what's going on in his head, if he wants to leave, it’s all news, I didn't ask them that. “The only thing I asked Cristiano, when he didn't turn up, was if everything was okay with the family, he told me what was going on, that's it and nothing more.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here