On this week’s episode of Gardeners’ World, the team were at the RHS Hampton Court Palace Garden Festival. Carol Klein was joined by Adam Frost and Joe Swift where they revealed some of the highlights of the show gardens and met designers and growers. Carol shared some of the season’s must-have flowers with viewers. She also looked at which plants were at display at the biggest flower show in the world. In one marquee, Carol looked at exotic, tropical plants that were from all over the world. While the plants may be found in jungles and rainforests across the world, these plants are mostly found in our homes in the UK. Some of the plants Carol viewed included bromeliads and succulents. READ MORE: Pippa Middleton lives in £17m home in Chelsea - perfect for new baby Carol also viewed a very popular houseplant in the UK - orchids. The “wondrous” display showed orchids from all over the world. The gardening expert said many of the orchids are “really difficult to grow”. However, there are a few of them which she claimed were “really straightforward”. DON'T MISSAspirin can ‘supercharge’ your tomato plants into producing more fruit [INSIGHT]Mrs Hinch fans share household item hack for ousting weeds from paving [UPDATE]‘Perfect way’ to add property value and make a home ‘more desirable’ [ANALYSIS] One orchid she said was “straightforward” to grow is the vanda orchid called “exotic purple”. Carol said: “It truly is exotic. Look at those luscious flowers with these velvety petals and these beautiful markings. “And look, it doesn't even need any soil at all. “All it needs is for you to occasionally spray it. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “Very best place to keep it is probably in your bathroom. “The great thing is, this will keep on growing upwards and upwards. “And while it's doing that, it’s making all these little offsets all down the stem and when you see that one of these has roots of its own, you can actually detach them with a very sharp knife and give them an independent existence. “And at that stage, you can hang this up alongside your mother plant all along the shower. “Wouldn't it look absolutely gorgeous?”  Vanda orchids look similar to moth orchids and have an exquisite scent. These orchids can grow to be three feet tall and can be spotted in pink, red, yellow, orange, blue, purple and white. The vanda orchid is native to Asia, needs high humidity, high temperatures, bright light and decent airflow. Gardeners’ World is available to stream on BBC iPlayer.