RMT general secretary Mick Mick Lynch has raised the prospect of "unlawful industrial action" in the event a government under Liz Truss or Rishi Sunak follows through on threats to make going on strike illegal. Mr Lynch and the RMT have led thousands of rail workers out on strike amid widespread industrial action in protest over jobs, pay, pensions and conditions. Mr Ball asked the union boss: "If you had Liz Truss or Rishi Sunak they're going to legislate, to say strikes in railways are illegal. Would you then advise your members to break the law or would you be fighting the government in the courts? "Well, we will look at the law and see what we can do in the court," replied Mr Lynch. "But if they make it impossible to have lawful industrial action, then workers will have to see whether they take unlawful industrial action. "As a matter for them at the time, we'll have to see what the law says."  Only around one in five trains will run on Wednesday, on around half the network, with some areas having no trains all day. Picket lines were being mounted outside train stations as members of RMT at Network Rail and 14 train operators went on strike. Passengers are being urged to only travel by train if they must, and if it is necessary, allow extra time and check when their last train will depart. Trains are expected to be disrupted on Thursday morning with a later start to services as employees return to duties.  Mr Lynch said union members were more determined than ever to secure a decent pay rise, job security and good working conditions. "Network Rail have not made any improvement on their previous pay offer and the train companies have not offered us anything new. "In fact, Network Rail have upped the ante, threatening to impose compulsory redundancies and unsafe 50% cuts to maintenance work if we did not withdraw our planned strike action. "The train operating companies have put driver-only operations on the table along with ransacking our members' terms and conditions DON'T MISS: Starmer squirms as Balls exposes key nationalization plan flaw [WATCH]Bombshell poll exposes huge split in voters on next PM [LISTEN]BBC Breakfast host exasperated by Starmer’s lack of plan [INSIGHT] "RMT will continue to negotiate in good faith but we will not be bullied or cajoled by anyone. "The Government need to stop their interference in this dispute so the rail employers can come to a negotiated settlement with us." Grant Shapps said in his three years as Transport Secretary there has not been a single day when unions have not been in dispute by threatening or taking industrial action, with around 60 separate disputes in 2022 alone. "Today, union bosses are once again trying to cause as much disruption as possible to the day-to-day lives of millions of hardworking people around the country," he said. READ NEXT: Disability blue badges rejected in popular EU destinationsSouth Korea's strategy could trigger nuclear war with North Korea'Arrogance and hubris is staggering' Meghan savaged over move to USQueen has NEVER lived in most important home due to Princess Beatrice'Poison running in blood' Harry sparks fears