According to the wellness site Bodyline, the number one rule to slim down during the summer months is to stay hydrated. "The most important tip for a heatwave and hot weather is to make sure you stay completely hydrated," the health site states. Slimmers should be drinking between two to three litres of cold water a day, or in other forms such as tea or lemon water, which will increase the capacity to burn calories by up to 30 percent. Torey Armul, a doctor and a spokesperson for the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics, recommended "drinking before you eat". The weight loss hack consists of drinking two cups of water before every meal. Armul said: “This will keep you hydrated and less likely to overeat.” READ MORE: 'Absolute miracle' weight loss drink is part of Queen Letizia's diet  It is also key to avoid alcohol to lose weight in summer as it is dehydrating, calorie-dense and can hinder any weight loss goals. Bodyline recommended drinking hot green tea throughout the day. The health site explained "studies show that a hot drink can decrease the amount of heat stored in your body and cause you to sweat it out. Plus, green tea includes an antioxidant that aids in weight loss, so you can cool down and lose weight". In terms of food, summer is the perfect time to go for salads.  A fresh salad full of nutrients will keep dieters feeling full in the hot weather. However, it is important to avoid high-fat salad dressings. Instead, opt for a splash of balsamic vinegar with salt and pepper. For snacks, dieters should be opting for summer staples like berries, mangoes, peaches, corn, peppers and tomatoes which are all rich in vitamins and fibre, making you feel full for longer. READ MORE: Improve your mood and 'lower stress' through dieting - expert advice Doctor Armul explained during the summer months, slimmers should “allow themselves to go out for dessert [bonus points if you walk] as a special occasion". “We buy mini ice-cream cones and mini popsicles, and make mini-muffins at home for our toddlers. But it’s actually great portion control for adults, too,” he recommended. Dietitian Sharon Natoli explained there are three foods which are extremely beneficial for weight loss during the hot weather: eggs, leafy greens and melon. Sharon explained eggs are a delicious protein to add to your breakfast and also "a rich source of the amino acid tryptophan, which means that they help you to sleep better for longer by telling your brain to shut down for the night". Leafy greens like spinach and other dark leafy greens are perfect to keep hydrated for their high-water content. They are also easily digestible and low in calories. Finally, melon is the "perfect summer food and super refreshing in the heat," according to the dietitian. The summer fruit is not only refreshing and will keep dieters hydrated, but also contains lycopene, which protects from sun exposure.