The pressure is on for Andy Murray heading into this year's Citi Open after the Scot inspired organisers to make a performance-based donation in his honour. Murray, 35, was applauded in March when he donated all of his prize money from the Indian Wells Masters to UNICEF to help support children affected by Russia's invasion on Ukraine. The United Nations estimated in early July that around 5,000 Ukrainian civilians had been killed as a result of Russia's siege, which has forced millions to flee their country. The 2022 Citi Open gets underway on Monday, and tournament director Mark Ein told reporters Murray's actions motivated him to donate the same amount Murray earns in Washington D.C.. “I think all of us involved in the sport and sports more broadly were really inspired when Andy Murray at the beginning of the year said he would donate all of his prize money to UNICEF for the benefit of Ukrainian children," said the investor and entrepreneur. “It really inspired me and got me thinking – I think it was Miami where I saw you originally – that if Andy would come here, I felt that we would want to match his donation and whatever he makes here. So we’re doing that. We’re just announcing that whatever Andy makes here and donates to UNICEF, we’re going to match it.” READ MORE Novak Djokovic 'preparing' for US Open as Joe Biden under pressure to let Serb play  Murray fell to Alexander Bublik in the last 64 at Indian Wells (also known as the BNP Paribas Open) and handed his $30,130 (£25,000) winnings to UNICEF. Murray will have to do even better to match that amount at the Citi Open, which is a lower-tier ATP Tour 500 event. Russian began their invasion of neighbouring Ukraine on February 24, but news coverage of the war has waned in recent months. Murray recently warned the public not to grow complacent in Ukraine's time of need. "You can’t just forget about this,” said two-time Wimbledon winner. “It’s still going on. People are still getting killed, children are still having to flee their homes, and are in really, really tragic situations.      “You can’t just forget about this,” Murray said ahead of the Citi Open. “It’s still going on. People are still getting killed, children are still having to flee their homes, and are in really, really tragic situations. I think it’s important that the media continues to shine a light on it, keep talking about it. Yeah, hopefully like what the tournament is doing here can help a little bit with that.” The tennis veteran will begin his fourth Citi Open against Sweden's Mikael Ymer on Monday. The winner of that match will advance to face Russia's Aslan Karatsev in the second round.