Nick Kyrgios' ex-partner has broken her silence after the Aussie tennis star was summoned to face court in Canberra in August over one charge of common assault. Kyrgios allegedly grabbed Chiara Passari in December 2021, but news of his court appearance has only emerged several months later amid his Wimbledon 2022 campaign. On Tuesday, an Australian Capital Territory spokesperson said: "ACT policing can confirm a 27-year-old Watson man is scheduled to face the ACT magistrates court on 2 August in relation to one charge of common assault following an incident in December 2021." Passari has been forced to defend herself after receiving online abuse for the timing of the case, as Kyrgios prepares for his Wimbledon quarter-final clash against Cristian Garin on Wednesday. She told News Corp that she went to ACT Police in the month of the alleged assault, with the process of summoning Kyrgios taking seven months. Passari explained she had nothing to do with the timing of the news surfacing 24 hours before the 27-year-old's first Grand Slam quarter-final since 2015. Influencer Costeen Hatzi, who Kyrgios was first seen with at a basketball game in December 2021, the month the alleged assault took place, has supported him throughout his run at SW19 this year. JUST IN: Cameron Norrie gets offer from Newcastle co-owner after Wimbledon win  In response to someone defending her on social media, Passari wrote: "Thank you. Finally someone smart enough to understand how the justice system works." On Tuesday, Wimbledon released a statement to confirm that the world No 40's quarter-final clash with Garin was still going ahead as planned. The All England Club confirmed it 'wasn't in a position to comment' on the case as it's still ongoing in Australia. A spokesperson said: "We have been made aware of legal proceedings involving Nick Kyrgios in Australia, and as they are ongoing, we are not in a position to offer a comment. We are in touch with Nick's team, and he remains scheduled to play his quarter-final match tomorrow." READ MORE: Nick Kyrgios latest: Court case, Wimbledon locker room debate  Meanwhile, barrister Jason Moffett, who represents Kyrgios, has confirmed that the controversial star is aware of the saga and taking the allegation 'very seriously'. However, he is yet to comment on the matter while it is still before the court. "It's in the context of a domestic relationship," he told The Canberra Times. "The nature of the allegation is serious, and Mr Kyrgios takes the allegation very seriously. Given the matter is before the court, he doesn't have a comment at this stage, but in the fullness of time, we'll issue a media release."