Duncan Bannatyne and his wife Nigora Bannatyne have been forced to flee their luxury Portuguese mansion following wildfires in the country. The Dragon's Den star, 73 took to social media to showcase the horrifying extent of the tragedy as wildfires ravaged the area yesterday. Yesterday, the star took to Twitter to reveal the extent of the wildfires in a brief clip in view of his 711,400 followers. Duncan wrote: "Terrible day in the Algarve today." The terrifying video depicted a bright orange wildfire making its way along a residential street. Thick black smoke could be seen billowing from the flames which appeared dangerously near to a white villa. READ MORE: 'Do miss each other' Pauline Collins on being 'separated' from husband He also shared a video of multiple fire engines rushing to the wildfires as he was filming from his car. Duncan penned: "Was a hell of a day in the Algarve today". In the video, the star's conversation with his wife could be overheard. Duncan said to Nigora: "So we can't go home because they are blocking the road down to our house. "Maybe the fire has started again. " Nigora replied: "S**t what do we do next?" Duncan said: "Nothing we do except stay here for the moment." He then added: "Was a hell of a day in the Algarve today." DON'T MISS...'Not fun' Joan Collins, 89, rushed to hospital in Monaco [INSIGHT]Jennifer Garner goes shoeless during stroll with son after accident [ANALYSIS]Britney Spears' father Jamie to face deposition on conservatorship [UPDATE] The Dragon's Den icon revealed that the fire was raging through the popular tourist resort, Vale Do Lobo. Once again, bright orange flames could be seen billowing on a residential road with black smoke billowing across the sky. The star went on to reveal that he and Nigora had been evicted from their home as a precaution in the face of the travelling wildfires. He replied to a fan: "We were evicted from our homes here today but luckily most fires were contained by early evening." Duncan later told how "very few properties were damaged" following the fires. Temperatures in the Mediterranean country have been spiralling upwards in the recent heatwave. It comes as Portugal's Prime Minister issued a warning over the temperatures which could reach 46C in come parts of the country.