Attendance Allowance is a benefit claimed by those of state pension age, who need financial assistance with a long-term health condition or disability. The most someone can get from the DWP payment is £92.40 a week, which means someone will get £369.40 a month. However, those claiming Attendance Allowance need to report changes in their circumstances to the DWP or risk losing their payment all together. This is due to a person’s circumstances potentially affecting how much they are entitled to from the DWP. Someone’s failure to adequately and accurately report one’s circumstances to the Government department could result in a benefit claimant being taken to court. Alternatively, they may be forced to pay a financial penalty if they withhold or provide false information about their Attendance Allowance claim. Anyone who needs to update the DWP about any circumstance changes can call the Attendance Allowance helpline at 0800 731 0122. READ MORE: State pensioners may be able to increase sum by up to £14.75 weekly On the GOV.UK website, the Government shares examples of what qualifies as a circumstance change which needs to be reported. This includes someone informing the DWP if the level of help they need or their condition changes. When this happens, the Attendance Allowance claimant will need to provide details like if the amount of times you need help each day has changed Furthermore, another circumstance change which must be reported includes when someone needs to go to hospital or a care home.  In this case, those on Attendance Allowance will need to share the address, the dates they’ve been there for, and how their stay was with the DWP. As well as this, state pensioners claiming the benefit will need to report if they leave the country for more than four weeks or if they are sent to prison. On top of this, Attendance Allowance claimants must report to the DWP if they change their name, address or bank details, or if they want to stop receiving your benefit Additionally, they must share if their doctor’s details change or if their immigration status changes, depending on their citizenship status. Despite these various rules, the Government has gone out its way to promote Attendance Allowance to those on the state pension who have a long-term condition. Chloe Smith, the Minister for Disabled People, Health and Work, outlined why those with a disability should get in contact with the DWP to put forward a claim. Ms Smith said: “Living with a long-term illness or disability can have a profound effect on daily life, both for those with a diagnosis and those who care for them. “So it’s vitally important you are receiving all the help you are entitled to. “Millions of people already receive this support and I would urge anyone who thinks they may be eligible for extra financial help to check online.” Those interested in getting the DWP benefit can begin their claim by downloading a claim form. The Attendance Allowance claim form can be delivered to the DWP via the post and includes notes on how to complete the application. State pensioners who have completed their initial claim should send their application to Freepost DWP Attendance Allowance.