Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta has explained his plan for Oleksandr Zinchenko after he completed his £32million transfer from Manchester City. On Friday, the Gunners announced the signing of Zinchenko on a four-year deal as Arteta and Edu's summer business continues. Speaking about his arrival, Arteta particularly hailed the 25-year-old's versatility that he showcased throughout his successful stint at Man City. Zinchenko can play at left-back and in attacking midfield, and the Spanish boss believes his ability to feature in different positions will benefit Arsenal's style of play. He told the official club website: "We're so happy Alex has joined us. He's a player that I personally know really well, and I continued to follow him after my time at Manchester City. Alex is a high-quality player who will give us options and versatility. "It's not only about the positions he can play but as well the versatility he will give us in attack and defence. Alex is a person with great human qualities and character, and I'm delighted that everyone has made this huge effort to bring Alex to the club." JUST IN: Chelsea seal third summer transfer after 'beating Barcelona' to Kounde Arsenal technical director Edu also shared his delight with Zinchenko's arrival and revealed the club made the Ukraine international a top target early in their plans for the summer transfer window. He outlined his hope for the four-time Premier League winner to take the Gunners to another level in their bid for a Champions League return this season. "I'm very pleased to see how we're working as a team here in the club," Edu stated. "We put a plan together early, and Oleksandr Zinchenko was a main focus on our list. We're pleased to have Alex with us now because he has the attributes which I'm sure are going to put our squad at a different level." READ MORE: Depay's Newcastle stance as Man Utd and Tottenham join transfer race Zinchenko is the fifth arrival of the summer at Arsenal, joining City teammate Gabriel Jesus, Marquinhos, Matt Turner and Fabio Viera in north London. He has also integrated himself into Arteta's squad during pre-season training in Orlando, but the club are yet to confirm his squad number. After lifting nine major honours during a five-year stint amongst Pep Guardiola's senior squad at the Etihad Stadium, Zinchenko will bring a winning mentality to Arsenal that they desperately crave. Arteta's plan for the upcoming campaign is starting to take shape as the Gunners launch their latest attempt to return to Europe's elite competition.