When faced with the question of how to get rid of moss on lawns, there are several methods that gardeners can choose. Some may turn to iron sulphate, and others to baking soda. However, there is an even more accessible - but nonetheless effective - solution hiding in kitchens: washing up liquid. While this soap is best associated with its uses indoors, experts urge us to take it out of kitchens and into the garden, where it can be used in the battle against moss on lawns. This method is simple, effective, and removes moss permanently. So, for those gardeners looking to achieve a moss-free lawn that looks greener and thicker this summer, this solution may be the answer. Tom Monson from Monsoon Lawn and Landscaping explained: “Killing moss without decimating your grass can be tricky, but a dish soap solution can make it look easy with a little care and attention. “The dish soap method is the fastest way to get rid of moss, along with baking soda that follows a similar formula.” Washing up liquid can be picked up in most local supermarkets like Tesco for 44p. READ MORE: ‘Perfect’ way to improve your garden’s health using coffee grounds The expert noted that this solution is most effective for those that catch the moss early. As soon as you notice the moss, Tom suggested mixing two ounces of dish soap with a gallon of water to make a gentle solution. This will kill the moss without harming the grass. Here is what the process involves: For the first step, Tom suggests using a sprayer to drench the moss thoroughly in a washing up liquid and water solution. DON'T MISS: Use apple juice trick to get rid of ants - tips for flying ant day [EXPERT]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘30 second’ hack to clean shower doors [COMMENT]How to sell your home for 10% above asking price using paint [TIPS] For small to moderate-sized lawns, gardeners will need around two ounces of soap and one gallon of water. However, for those with a bigger garden, they will need to increase the dosage to cover all the moss. Use approximately two gallons of water for every 1,000 square feet of grass. After applying the soap, the expert suggests waiting for around one day when it will dry up. READ MORE: Lawn moss: How to get rid of moss using baking soda - ‘effective’ After the moss has dried, gardeners can easily scrape it up using a tool of choice. Those dealing with lots of moss and detaching a lawn anyway, it may be worth investing in a more specialist rake that will make the scraping process quick and efficient. When applying the soap solution, it is worth taking care of your lawn, as this solution can be harmful to greenery. However, if you notice any damage, you can use grass seeds to ensure your lawn is back to full health quickly. While this method is highly effective, it is always best to try and prevent moss growing. Preventing moss from growing involves a raking process that is best done in early spring before the moss has a chance to produce any spores. This option is favoured by expert Oberon Copeland from Very Informed. He urges gardeners to rake their lawn to limit moss growth and make your lawn healthier. The expert added: “Moss tends to be more acidic than grass, making it difficult for [your lawn] to grow in areas where moss is present.”