Breaking Bad prequel series Better Call Saul is coming to an end soon with many fans going back to the original show to refresh their memories as the timelines of the two programmes converge. However, Better Call Saul may never have existed after Breaking Bad was almost given the chop. Express.co.uk looks at how the Bryan Cranston-led show came close to be canned. Breaking Bad ran for five seasons from 2008 to 2013 with the drama snowballing in popularity through word-of-mouth and Netflix. The drama made huge stars out of its cast including Cranston, Aaron Paul, Giancarlo Esposito, Bob Odenkirk, Jonathan Banks, and Jesse Plemons. Breaking Bad earned a raft of television awards including multiple Emmys, Critics Choice and Television Critics Association Awards. Nonetheless, American broadcaster AMC reportedly told creator Vince Gilligan how season three could be the final one with the show then getting presented to other networks who might pick it up. READ MORE: Breaking Bad DVD case spotted on the bookshelf in Breaking Bad When other channels started to show interest, AMC is said to have green lighted Breaking Bad for season four. However, the biggest factor in the success of Breaking Bad was Netflix, which bought the rights to screen the show outside of North America and gave the programme to a global audience. After landing on Netflix, Breaking Bad exploded in popularity with audiences across the world hooked on the story of a terminally ill chemistry teacher’s descent into the criminal underworld. In some respects, it seems Breaking Bad was one of the earliest beneficiaries of the streaming era with other shows including Top Boy, Lucifer and Designated Survivor subsequently saved from the axe by Netflix. Following Breaking Bad’s overwhelming popularity on Netflix, the show was renewed for season five which was the last outing. Speaking about why he chose to end Breaking Bad on the fifth run, Gilligan said it was his experiences of serving as a writer on The X-Files which led to his decision. Gillian, who was a writer and producer on The X-Files for seven years, admitted the show went on too long and was haemorrhaging viewers as it continued to go on. He said: “I learned at that point: you don't want to leave the party too late. You want to leave folks wanting more." Gilligan went on to tell Digital Spy of Breaking Bad: "I pushed harder than anyone for it to end when it did. "Y'know, as someone making money on the show, in very crass, basic terms, I would have loved for it to go on forever.” He admitted Breaking Bad "could have gone a few more seasons" but decided he wanted to “leave the stage at a high point” rather than missing it. Although the show finished, fans were gifted with the big screen outing El Camino: A Breaking Bad Movie. DON'T MISS...Julia Clark Downs title card: Who was Better Call Saul star? [INSIGHT]Better Call Saul season 6, episode 9 streaming: How to watch online [EXPLAINER]Better Call Saul season 6, episode 10 release time: When is it out? [ANALYSIS] Fans also got Better Call Saul, which predated the events of Breaking Bad, and followed Saul Goodman/Jimmy McGill’s (Odenkirk) own descent from a shady attorney to the all-out, morally-corrupt lawyer viewers knew from the original series. Better Call Saul has outlasted Breaking Bad with a total of six seasons, throwing in plenty of Easter Eggs for fans of the universe to enjoy. Even with Better Call Saul ending, there has been the animated spin-off Slipping’ Jimmy which sees Saul in the 1970s working as a con artist. AMC and Sony have even said they are keen for more from the Breaking Bad universe with TV executive Dan Dermott telling Variety: "I can tell you that if I could do anything to encourage [creators] Vince and Peter [Gould] to continue on in this universe, I would do it," He added: "I think you’d have to ask them, but the door is always open and I long for the day my phone rings and Vince, Peter or our friends at Sony call to say, ‘Hey, I think we have another show set in this universe'." Better Call Saul season 6 is available to watch on AMC in America and on Netflix in the UK