Several water providers have issued statements urging service users to limit water to “essential” use, as increased consumption due to surging temperatures is putting pressure on supply. Southern Water has said demand is close to record levels, while some areas are experiencing very low water pressure or no water at all. The Met Office issued its first-ever red heatwave warning on Tuesday, with parts of the UK forecast to reach or exceed record-breaking temperatures of 40C over the course of the day. As a result, water suppliers are feeling mounting pressure and after what Yorkshire Water has described as a “really dry year” so far, resources are under strain as more consumers take to the taps to cool down. Thames Water tweeted to its 66k followers: “To help keep everyone’s taps flowing during long dry spells, we’re asking our customers to only use the water they need.” Echoing the same sentiment, Southern Water tweeted: “With the heatwave in full swing, it's vital we all keep hydrated and stay cool. “In hot weather, water demand jumps by over 100 million litres a day, putting pressure on water sources and the environment.  READ MORE: Oral health: Heatwave could leave you with a ‘dental emergency’  “Please help and #ReduceYourUse where you can – it all makes a difference.” Affinity Water urged service users via text message on Tuesday morning: “To maintain water supply to your home today, we are asking [households] to safely reduce water use now to only what is essential.” Affinity Water said the “urgent action” was needed most in areas of Essex and Hertfordshire, while parts of Buckinghamshire, Surrey, and North London are also affected. In a statement on Affinity Water's website, it reads: “Because of the hot weather, many of us are using much more water. This means you may notice lower pressure or no water when demand is higher.”  “We’re on the case and our teams are working around the clock to make sure we get enough water to you and your community. “There is enough for everyone if we all use only what we need. You can help your community by using less, which will make a big difference, meaning there’s more to go around.” The full list of areas Affinity Water have listed as being affected so far include:  DON'T MISS:Horror chart shows pattern in UK as a stark warning of extreme weather [ANALYSIS]Horror warning over 'destructive' TikTok trend as temperatures rocket [INSIGHT]Japanese knotweed warning: Heatwave creates ideal conditions for weed [EXPLAINED]    Yorkshire Water has listed the following as having low water pressure or no water: S72 BrierleySouthern Water has specifically urged Hampshire residents to limit their water usage when possible while flows in the River Test continue to fall and a drought permit looms. Dr Nick Price, water asset strategy and planning manager at Southern Water, said: “With river flows dropping following a dry winter and spring, the risk is increasing that we will need to use a drought permit in order to continue supplying water. “The less we take out of the River Test for water supply, the more we leave in it for wildlife and to support its precious habitats. We continue to ask customers to use water wisely.”  Britons in the northeast under Northumbrian Water have also been pressured to “protect resources” and be mindful of how much water’s being used. Colin Day, head of water service planning at Northumbrian Water, said: “Fresh water is not in infinite supply, and our population is growing with increased urbanisation. “Although our reservoirs are in a healthy position for this time of year, and we are used to managing high periods of demand, now is the time that our customers can really help us to keep the water flowing. “By using items such as paddling pools and hot tubs, it can pull heavily on our resources – meaning sometimes the water is being used faster than it can be treated into drinking water. “When our customers use water wisely, not only are they helping us to protect our resources but they are helping to protect our environment too – which is why we are asking that simple small changes are made.” 