New data from the Department for Work and Pensions shows that 6,120 people across the UK are claiming PIP for headaches, migraines and dizziness. The benefit provides a cash boost for people who have a long-term illness, disability or mental health condition that affects their daily life. Government figures showed that 1,370 claimants suffer from headaches, while 3,260 people on PIP have migraines, and 1,485 are affected by dizziness. The support is available to people over the age of 16 and under state pension age. PIP is made up of a daily living component and a mobility component. To be eligible for PIP, a person must have a health condition or disability where they: READ MORE: Smart meter alert: Engineer shares ‘basic’ ways you can save £40 a month on energy bills This can include having difficulties with everyday activities such as: DON'T MISSWASPI women demand answers from Rishi Sunak and Liz Truss [LATEST]‘We should have the same!’ Woman, 67, laments frozen state pension [VIDEO]Barclays issues warning as Britons lose £1.5million to vicious scam [INSIGHT]  The lower weekly rate is currently £61.85 for the daily living component and £24.45 for mobility. The higher weekly rate is £92.40 for daily living and £64.50 for mobility. Almost a third of claimants are receiving the highest amount. PIP is usually paid every four weeks although claimants with a terminal illness can be paid every week. READ MORE: ‘An expensive waste’ - A quarter of a million more Britons cancel TV The DWP will give a PIP claimant a “no end date” if they believe the condition will never get better or if a person has reached the state pension age of 66 years. This allocation is known as an “indefinite award” and if a person has an indefinite award, which the DWP will usually review it every 10 years. If a person doesn’t get an indefinite award, they will get PIP for a fixed amount of time and their claim will then be reviewed. In a case where a person is awarded PIP for a fixed time of more than two years, the DWP will usually review the rate before it ends. Some applicants will be assessed by an independent professional before their claim is finalised. The professional will determine how their condition affects them. This assessment can be over the phone or in person. If a person disagrees with a decision about their claim, they can apply for a mandatory reconsideration. This process also applies to claims for other benefits such as Universal Credit and Carer’s Allowance.