Britney Spears was only released from her conservatorship earlier this year, but she is already working on a comeback to her musical career. A new report says the 40-year-old is finally creating new music after being "approached" by the legendary pop master Elton John. The report says Britney is working alongside Elton on a cover of his 1971 song Tiny Dancer. The track is one of the star's most iconic hits. It went 2x Platinum after its release and has sold more than 1.2 million copies worldwide. The source claimed Britney and Elton have been working together in a studio to create a "new rendition" of Tiny Dancer. The source said: "This was Elton’s idea, and Britney is a huge fan. They have recorded a remix of Tiny Dancer as a full duet – and it is incredible." The source added it is the "song of the summer". (Via Page Six) The source went on to say that Britney had a "super-secret recording session" alongside music producer Andrew Watt to create the upcoming masterpiece. Andrew Watt is best known for working with the likes of Miley Cyrus, Pearl Jam, Ozzy Osbourne, Justine Bieber, Dua Lipa, Post Malone, Maroon 5, and many many more. While this information has not yet been confirmed just yet, the source noted that Britney and Elton's new version of Tiny Dancer is due to be released "next month" by Universal Music. They went on to add: "Britney is officially back. She’s back to work, and she’s super excited." READ MORE: Britney Spears writhes around topless in 11 naked pics Britney's new song with Elton was apparently played to people at their record label, leaving them "freaking out". The star has been going through a renaissance of freedom this year, following her release from her conservatorship. The conservatorship in question meant she was under the professional control of her parents after signing music industry contracts as a teenager. Now, as a free woman, she has opened up - quite literally - on her Instagram account. DON'T MISS...Britney Spears writhes around topless in 11 naked pics [PHOTOS]Britney Spears' father Jamie to face deposition on conservatorship [NEWS]Britney Spears calls 'police for help after she ran out of petrol' [INFO] Not only has Britney shown off her body in some pulse-racing nude images, but she has also shared news of her new husband, Sam Asghari, with whom she shared a wedding earlier this year. The star last released a studio album in 2016. The record was titled Glory and was regarded as a music industry flop. Despite hitting number three on the Billboard Hot 100 list, it only moved 157,000 units by 2020. Britney recently showed her fans that she still has the ability to sing on her Instagram account. She posted a video of her singing Hit Me Baby with some altered lyrics. She crooned: "Give me a f*****g sign, hit me baby one more time!" Britney captioned her video: "I haven’t shared my voice in an extremely long time… maybe too long." SOURCE