Someone who has always been confident of themselves will put on a satisfactory performance. You won’t be influenced by their airs and graces or their attempts to impress. You can see behind their behaviour. New processes are being put in place that encourages fairness in a group situation. You’re taking a big step towards achieving a goal you set for yourself some time ago. It hasn’t been an easy journey and you should be proud of how far you have come. An offer or opportunity could give you more freedom to be more creative in the workplace. You and a team of exceptional people will be tough to beat. A competitive effort brings out the best in you. Changes being put in place are piloting a new way of working. This is a big test and someone will be critical of these measures. However, most people are happy to give this a go.  Conversations in the family get intense. If you feel as if you haven’t been listened to or heard, this will now all change. You won’t be left out of the conversation. Your views and feelings are being considered. Some profoundly personal issues will be brought out into the open. A friend or partner needs to be reminded that friendship, people and feelings are more important than material possessions. You’re tired of being expected to buy expensive gifts to prove your love for someone. Money can’t buy love as you are starting to realise and accept. For every step forward you make, it will feel as if two paces are taken backwards. Work and outside obligations will interfere with pleasure plans and friction in a working relationship is preventing you from making progress.  Someone who is obstructing financial plans or objecting to new domestic arrangements could know or suspect something that isn’t yet out in the open. It might seem as if a housemate or workmate is being difficult when in fact, they are trying to protect everyone else’s interests. Before taking matters further, you need to find out more. It’s important not to let anyone rush you into making important decisions. You are reminded of something you achieved a very long time ago and now that you look back, you wonder how you managed it. Someone who has taken no interest in your plans, ideas or views recently seems now to have more time to listen. They hadn’t intended to make you feel ignored or unimportant; today, they are making every effort to let you know this. Since you prefer it when you get on well together, you won’t be too hard on them.  An ultimatum issued by someone in the family could be interpreted as emotional blackmail. If you don’t feel happy about what they are asking of you, either look for a way to compromise or turn them down and refuse to discuss this issue any further. Someone in the family has got themselves into a bit of bother. You know they could have avoided this predicament had they taken more care. Even so, you sense they need gentle words and not criticism. Disruptions via phone calls or urgent messages will throw cold water on upcoming travel plans. Someone you usually get on well with seems unusually argumentative. You are having trouble coming to an agreement over an important matter. If possible, leave it for another day to discuss this further rather than allow conversations to go round in circles. Concentrate on something else, instead. 