I have only just established dominance over the blonds and now I am going to have to start again with the new lot. That is if they ever stop fighting like rats in a sack. The he-blond has been in a terrible mood all week, shouting about treachery and how Winston would not have put up with this, while the she-blonde has been muttering about wallpaper and something about steaming it off. I helpfully used a claw to show her how to get it off the wall and the language would have made a sailor blush. Whoever is the he-blond’s Chancellor at the moment has been droning on about macro-economics and furtively measuring the curtains when he thought no one could see: look, matey, the he-blond is still the PM and we cats are a lot more loyal than we are usually given credit for. So I did a whatsit in his red box. Every time one of the blonds turn on the telly there is more palaver: “He’s not mentioning Winchester, Oxford and Stanford!” shouted the he-blond when the one who used to be Chancellor came on in a video he seemed to have made to invade my territory. “Nor how much his trainers cost!” Meanwhile another blonde appeared on the screen with I Vow To Thee My Country playing in the background: I naturally thought this was a church service until it turned out she had plans on my territory too. Why can they not just have done with it and stage a proper cat fight? Mind you, some people would say that is exactly what they are doing right now.  To get away from it all I went to have a catnap on the steps on Number 10 but I could not get to sleep because of the sound of crashing as the he-blond threw plates at the television screen. “Cummings is behind this!” I heard him shout as one particularly vicious character assassination went live on air: and they say we cats are catty! “Well what did you expect, he called me Princess Nut Nuts!” yelled the she-blonde. I have only been asleep for 23 of the last 24 hours; it is enough to make me want another nap. The she-blonde is nothing like as bad as that Blair woman who made no attempt to disguise her disdain for cats, but she did bring a dog into our household, although it did not take long for me to put him in his place. The blonds’ own kittens are a bit harder to deal with, though they are quite nice to me and petted me after their recent photoshoot. Where will it all end? Actually, I have a plan. There is someone round here who really does have what it takes and when it comes to cunning and stalking our prey we are pretty hot stuff. The Tories put the first women in No 10 (the less said about the second the better and I suspect she was allergic to me) and might well have the first ethnic minority PM as well. Well, I am going to go one better: that lot would be a cat-astrophe. Larry for Prime Minister! Long live the best of them all, the Downing Street cat!  Loving the current hot weather but we Brits really do not know how to dress for warm weather. A few handy tips. Socks do not go with sandals, ever. The more tattoos you have, the better it is to wear long-sleeved shirts and yes, that does include when it is 98 degrees Fahrenheit in the shade. Sun lotion is a good idea as lobster-red is not a good look and do wait until the sun is over the yardarm before you start knocking it back. The alternative has just been on display at Wimbledon. Just say no.  It is official: we hate unisex loos. In a recent poll of 7,000 people, an astonishing 98 per cent want to keep male and female spaces separate. Why will no one act on this? Any PM who embraced that particular one would find they romped home with a majority for life. Mo Farah certainly has a harrowing back story: trafficked into this country and treated as a slave. It is a timely reminder that slavery is very much alive and thriving and it is an evil that Theresa May, to her credit, attempted to tackle. Perhaps the privileged snow flake brigade could stop trying to topple statues of people who lived in another age and another society and turn their attentions to that?  Last year I went to the gorgeous island of Sicily: “It’s got a very interesting mix of architecture that includes Greek, Roman, Norman and Islamic design,” explained my then-fiancé, now husband. “You see, the Normans were brought in to oust the Saracens. The styles influence each other, don’t you think?” “It’s also got Dolce & Gabbana!” I yelled fatuously and this week the Italian designers were at it again, showcasing the more mature ladies in fantastic designs and proving it is not just the young and the nubile who can be gorgeous. In Sicily the elderly are treated with respect. It shows.  Good to see Kylie and Jason reunite for the last episode of Neighbours: both have had stratospherically successful careers since then but clearly do not consider themselves too grand for their humble roots. Would that some people over here would take a similar attitude: one past Doctor Who reportedly not only refuses to have anything to do with the programme but flies off the handle if anyone mentions it. Gratitude? Not much. Do some people in the Church of England wish to destroy it from within? That is the only explanation for the crew who have called upon the prayer book to drop the instructions to kneel and stand on the grounds it discriminates against disabled people. In my church the vicar takes the wine and communion wafer to anyone who has a problem and administers Eucharist at the pew. It is called common sense.  David Beckham has revealed he has gone grey: nice to see he is embracing the natural look. Now if only he could do something about all those tattoos…