F1 returns to the home of British motor racing this weekend with the best drivers in the world lining up for the Silverstone Grand Prix. Max Verstappen - whose race ended early last year in a high-speed crash after contact with Lewis Hamilton - goes into this weekend's race leading the title standings from team-mate Sergio Perez with Charles Leclerc behind. Sky Sports is once again broadcasting the Silverstone Grand Prix, but this time around you can also tune in to Channel 4 to watch the race live on terrestrial TV. Silverstone time and time again delivers classic Grand Prix, so if you're not with Sky don't miss the chance to watch this weekend's race live for free. Last year's Silverstone Grand Prix was the turning point for the championship, with Verstappen looking like he had an untouchable lead going into the race. But the first lap collision with Hamilton at Silverstone followed by Verstappen being hit in the first corner of the Hungarian Grand Prix (in an accident sparked by Valtteri Bottas) led to roughly 50 point swing in the championship race. Speaking on his return to Silverstone, Verstappen said he had "no hard feelings". The Red Bull star said: "Of course, the crash wasn’t nice, but I love the track. "I love going there. It’s [a] really good atmosphere with Formula 1, and we’re going really quick around there. "So I don’t have any hard feelings. I also think very easily I can put these things aside. Of course, it wasn’t nice what happened, but at the end of the day, you deal with it." Verstappen, who made the comments in an interview with GP Racing, starts today's race second on the grid while Carlos Sainz - who clinched his first pole in a rain drenched qualifying - will start at the front of the grid. For this weekend, both Sky Sports and Channel 4 will be broadcasting the Silverstone Grand Prix live. Sky Sports F1 subscribers will be able to tune in via channel 406 with pre-race coverage starting from 1.30pm and the red lights going out at 3pm. If you use Virgin to watch Sky then you'll find the action on channel 506. Everything is also beamed to tablets and smartphones via the Sky Go app which is available for both Android and iOS devices. Channel 4's build-up also begins at 1.30pm, and you can also tune in via the All 4 app. It's worth noting that those who are away on holiday and trying to watch outside of the UK won't be able to use Sky Go or All 4 due to geo-location restrictions. This problem can be easily fixed though by using a recommended VPN (Virtual Private Network). You can find some of the best options below... Sky Go is also available on a number of platforms including Amazon Fire devices, iPad, Mac computers and laptops, PlayStation 3, PS4 and Xbox One. The Sky Sports app, available to download on iOS and Android devices, will also be providing live text coverage and updates. While this weekend's race is being shown live on Channel 4, for all other races of the 2022 season you'll need access to Sky Sports who will be broadcasting those GPs exclusively live. If you're not a Sky Sports customer but can't stand to miss out on the action you can add the channels to your devices via a NOW membership. Day passes, which let you add Sky Sports channels for 24 hours, start at £11.98 a day. A monthly pass costs £33.99 and you can cancel anytime. NOW is also available on a NOW TV Box, Chromecast, PS5, PS4, PS3, Xbox Series X, Xbox One, Xbox 360, Roku, LG Smart TV, PC or Mac, and selected mobile and tablet devices.