Millions of motorists have crammed roads in desperate attempts to flock to seaside hotspots throughout the country as temperatures surged past 30C during the heatwave. The owners of the Range Rover backed their car complete with a boat trailer down a slipway in St Just Creek, at St Just-in-the-Roseland in Cornwall. But on Sunday morning, the expensive motor was pictured almost completely submerged in the sea after the owners seemingly misjudged the low tide. Local resident Tess Wilson - who shared the snap on Facebook from her friend Kirsty Penny - said: "Funny boats in St Mawes Bay this morning. The trailer is still attached. "The owners weren't about when it happened. They must have misjudged the low tide. The harbourmaster had been informed." The Range Rover has since been removed from the water. But Facebook users couldn't resist brutally mocking the picture of the unfortunate car and its boat trailer submerged in the sea. In reference to the sweltering heatwave sweeping throughout the country at the moment, Ashley Blewett replied: "It's one way to cool down I suppose." Peter Armstrong wrote: "Anything for a free car wash, inside included. Also comes with a bucket and sponge." That comment was in reference to the owners of the car even leaving a towel on top of it. Rich Pascoe was more forgiving about the unfortunate event and commented: "Silly season as my father always called it. READ MORE: 'Why are we so British!' GB News viewers blast red alert heatwave "Idiots causing environmental damage as always. Money and no so-called common sense." This came after a group of beachgoers were mocked after driving a BMW onto a sandy beach where no traffic is allowed - and getting stuck - before it was pushed out with the help of other people. The embarrassing incident happened at Perranporth in Cornwall when a group ignored a road sign warning prohibiting most drivers from accessing the beach. The picture was taken by Josh Munyard, as seen by Cornwall Live, and shows two men shovelling the rear wheels of the car by hand as two others stand at the front of the car looking on. DON'T MISSPeople urged to keep cool and carry on as UK braces for heatwave [ADVICE]Thousands with little or no water as mercury heats up to 38C [REPORT]POLL: Should schools close in the extreme heatwave? [POLL] Josh described it as a "laughable occurring recurrence" and said: "The chap went forward and got stuck. He then tried to dig himself out and just failed for a few times. "He managed to dig his car out eventually and got pushed out by a group of about eight people." The humiliating picture was shared on social media, and people have torn apart the group for ignoring the "Pedestrian access only past this point" sign. Maxine Young raged: "Why? It clearly says, no beach access for vehicles!" Karen McKay added: "Some people think those signs don’t apply to them." Kate Walsh said: "They drove up in front of me about 6.30pm when I went to pack down at some speed and I knew they would be stuck. "They came to an abrupt halt that's for sure. It happens all the time! Pretty much daily this time of year." Nichole Marie Pitchford quipped: "There is nowhere more in the world I'd rather be than in the Watering Hole watching those numpties get that out." The embarrassing failures come with the Met Office temperatures could soar to a sweltering 40C in some parts of the UK today and on Tuesday, which would be the hottest days this country has ever seen. Red weather warnings have been issued for the first time by the Met Office, which has warned of "exceptional" heat affecting large areas of England early this week. The increase to a red warning level is alongside the step-up in the current Heat Health Warning to Level 4 for England by the UK Health Security Agency. The Met Office's chief executive has urged the public to take the heat warnings as seriously as those about other significant weather events such as snow or wind, as the extreme heat could cause thousands of excess deaths Nichole Marie Pitchford quipped: "There is nowhere more in the world I'd rather be than in the Watering Hole watching those numpties get that out." The embarrassing failures come with the Met Office temperatures could soar to a sweltering 40C in some parts of the UK today and on Tuesday, which would be the hottest days this country has ever seen. Red weather warnings have been issued for the first time by the Met Office, which has warned of "exceptional" heat affecting large areas of England early this week. The increase to a red warning level is alongside the step-up in the current Heat Health Warning to Level 4 for England by the UK Health Security Agency. The Met Office's chief executive has urged the public to take the heat warnings as seriously as those about other significant weather events such as snow or wind, as the extreme heat could cause thousands of excess deaths Professor Penelope Endersby told BBC Radio 4's Today programme: "Our warnings are always impact-based, so, when we put out warnings, if they're red, that means there's a danger to life and we're expecting major infrastructure impacts, and that's true, whether it's snow, wind, rain, and it's true of this heat warning. "We're certainly seeing people reacting a little bit differently to the heat warnings as though they think that maybe we shouldn't be telling them to worry about heat the way we tell them to worry about storm or wind." She added: "These temperatures are unprecedented in the UK and we're not used to dealing with them, and heat undoubtedly causes many hundreds, thousands of excess deaths in heatwaves. "So people do need to take care and follow the advice we've been putting out about keeping in the shade, keeping cool, keeping hydrated, and so on."