Louisa Lytton, 33, and long-term partner Ben Bhavra, 32, never thought the day would come that they'd finally get to tie the knot. After Louisa said "yes" to her fiancé Ben in 2019, the pair went through the process of planning their special day three times over, with the COVID-19 pandemic bringing each arrangement to a consecutive halt. Finally, however, three years after Ben originally popped the big question during a romantic getaway to the Maldives, the happy couple said "I do" in a Tuscan ceremony. When Ben first set eyes on his beautiful bride walking down the aisle in the Italian countryside of Siena, he had tears in his eyes. Louisa too, as she strode down the aisle to the acoustic version of CeCe Peniston’s 'Finally' with her father, Allan. But when the EastEnders actress finally made it to the altar, she and Ben laughed through their tears as the stresses and disappointments of the last three years quickly melted away. READ MORE: Kylie Minogue and Jason Donovan haven't aged a day on Neighbours set    "I just felt relieved," she said. "I felt like we had finally done it. It’s the same for any Covid bride. And I think we’re just so relieved. "I remember us giggling at the altar, just thinking about how long it took to get us here." “Yeah, we couldn’t stop giggling with tears in our eyes," Ben added. Louisa claims not to have been able to stop crying throughout the duration of the day, as she thought of the trouble her friends and family had gone through to see them get married. And at one point, there were fears her close friend and EastEnders co-star Lacey Turner wouldn’t make it to the ceremony after her flight was unexpectedly cancelled. "I did not stop crying, because it had taken people so much to get there," she told OK!. "I was waiting by my phone from Friday for people to tell me that they had landed. DONT MISS:Amanda Holden, 51, flaunts long legs as she struts in mini dress (PHOTOS)Ulrika Jonsson, 54, shows off cleavage in unbuttoned blouse (NEWS)Nick Kyrgios and girlfriend Costeen pack on PDA at Wimbledon training (LATEST) "And then they were saying, 'Our train has been cancelled, so now we’re on the coach.'" The couple could not believe the “trouble” everyone had gone through to get there. Louisa shared that she and her father cried as she walked up the aisle. Ben added: ”All of my friends were crying, everyone was just so happy and relieved." Newlyweds Louisa and Ben have now headed to Florence on their honeymoon along with their adorable daughter Aura. The soap star shared a collection of photographs of their romantic getaway on Instagram and wrote: "Wedding done, Honeymoon activated. Just trying to navigate a 10-month-old in 40-degree heat," alongside a string of emojis. Many of the star's followers congratulated her and Ben on their marriage, with one person writing: "Congratulations lovely. We can't wait to see the pictures! Have the most incredible honeymoon!" Louisa could be seen wearing a bright green slip dress in one snap as she sipped a coffee outside in the sun, while another showed her sitting on the floor as she tucked into a delicious snack.