The Duchess of Cornwall commissioned the Duchess of Cambridge to photograph her for the cover of Country Life magazine to mark her 75th birthday. Royal commentator Victoria Arbiter said the move shows the "warm relationship" Prince Charles and Prince William's wives share. Ms Arbiter tweeted: "This is a lovely story and it speaks to the warm relationship that exists between the two future Queen Consorts." Other Twitter users were quick to agree with the royal expert about Kate's snaps of Camilla. One, Betsy Tarr, commented: "So lovely…the photos are beautiful - I’ve never seen Camilla look better. Kate is so talented, but their warm relationship shines through." Another with the handle @RoyallyBlunt replied: "Absolutely!" A third, @jeane38691545, added: "It's a beautiful picture." Camilla is Country Life's cover star to mark her birthday as well as the magazine's 125th anniversary. The Duchess of Cornwall was asked to guest edit the latest edition of the publication to mark the occasions. The cover image shows the Prince of Wales's wife smiling as she sits on a bench with a trug filled with pelargoniums ready to be planted. READ MORE: Kate marks first after being commissioned by Camilla The 74-year-old looked elegant in a blue and white floral dress and cardigan. Another picture appears on the leader page which shows Camilla walking through forget-me-nots at her country home. Both snaps were taken by keen amateur photographer Kate, who is patron of the Royal Photographic Society. William's wife regularly releases pictures she has taken of her children to celebrate their birthdays and other special milestones. DON'T MISSCamilla and Kate have Country Life covered to mark birthdayKate's collaboration with Camilla sparks 'struggles' due to her talentCamilla stuns as cover star for Country Life magazine - pictures Camilla invited Kate to take a series of portraits in the gardens of Ray Mill House, her retreat in Lacock in Wiltshire. Mark Hedges, editor-in-chief of Country Life magazine, said: "We are thrilled to have our guest editor captured so magnificently by royal photographer the Duchess of Cambridge. "We understand this is the first time a formal portrait of the Duchess of Cornwall has been taken by the Duchess of Cambridge for a magazine and we are honoured to have been chosen to be the first to publish this beautiful photograph. "The photographs are superb and we would be delighted to offer the Duchess of Cambridge another commission!" Camilla is the fourth royal guest editor of Country Life, following Charles, who has twice led the magazine - to mark his 65th birthday in 2013 and his 70th in 2018, the biggest selling issue of all time. In 2020, Princess Anne masterminded the July 29 issue - another bestseller - to commemorate her 70th birthday. The edition of Country Life edited by Camilla will be published on July 13. 