Prime Video subscribers that are bored of their current boxsets need to know about a Prime Day deal that runs out today. As part of the annual sale Amazon has cut the prices of 13 different Prime Video channels. These channels - which will let you access boxsets and blockbuster movies - have had their price cut to just 99p. The deal runs out once midnight hits on Thursday July 14, with popular channels such as StarzPlay, Shudder and the BFI Player getting a price cut. Signing up to the 99p channels will let you watch hundreds of extra movies and boxsets you wouldn't have had access to before on Prime Video. Popular shows include The Great, Power Book and Outlander, which are all available with StarzPlay. If you're in a nostalgic mood and want to tune into some British TV classics then you'll want a BritBox subscription. This BBC and ITV streaming service will let you watch a range of iconic shows such as Poirot, Miss Marple and Broadchurch. Meanwhile, if you're more into arthouse cinema then Prime Video channels such as the BFI Player or MUBI will be more up your street. A MUBI subscription will let you watch Drive My Car, an Oscar winner from this year, while the BFI Player will let you watch critically acclaimed cult films such as Oldboy and La Haine. If you're in the mood for a good horror then Shudder will be the channel for you, with this Prime Video channel offering access to cult and modern hits such as lockdown horror Host, iconic Japanese horror The Ring as well as An American Werewolf. You can find a full list of the 13 Prime Video channels available for 99p below. Remember, Prime Video channels are only available if you're already subscribed to the Prime Video or Amazon Prime service. If you want to watch a Prime Video channel, or any of the movies and boxsets included with Prime Video itself, then you can sign up to an Amazon Prime free trial. This will also let you access all the discounts and promotions available for Prime Day 2022 which runs out after today... Shudder BritBox StarzPlay Curzon MGM Discovery+ Crime+Investigation Play MUBI Acorn TV History Play BFI Player Hallmark TV Eros Now MORE LIKE THIS