The Met Office predicted that Friday will have rain soon into the northwest, moving east across northern and western parts, the rain heavy at times in the northwest. Other areas will stay dry, but increasingly cloudy.  According to the experts, Friday looks much warmer for southern Britain with temperatures rising into the mid to high 20sC. Elsewhere it will feel warmer in the high teens and low twenties with a light southerly breeze. Jo Farrow, a weather expert with Netweather.tv said: “Again, there could be a scattering of showers up the spine of northern Britain by Friday lunchtime but fine and bright for most of the UK. “Temperatures staying in the low to mid-20sC with occasional spells of rain as Atlantic fronts wave in. The timings on these will vary.  “One low pressure will be moving in later on Friday bringing more cloud from the west and eventually frontal rain to Northern Ireland and western Scotland.” The rain is set to turn showery as it spreads over more of northern Britain on Saturday morning. Much of Scotland should brighten up but the cloud and patchy rain will wave over Northern Ireland and NW England by day. She added: “There is some uncertainty around the position of these bands so remember the overall picture rather than concentrating on Weather App for dry and wet timings.  READ MORE: Product shortage fears as UK's largest container port “Another band of showery rain looks to move in further south on Sunday almost along the Bristol Channel across to The Thames, dry and brighter to the north. Then another band for Monday. “Many parts will see lengthy spells of fair weather, mostly dry, not hot but bright and warm with light winds. “The weekend brings these spells of showery rain snaking eastwards but often missing large chunks of the UK.” Saturday looks very warm again for the South East half of Britain, well up into the 20sC and some warmth for eastern Scotland as the wind veers to a westerly.  DON'T MISS:Kate and William protective of Prince George’s role as a future KingCommonwealth Games Opening Ceremony slated as ‘left-wing drama school’Evacuations underway as massive blaze rips through several homes