Speaking ahead of the release of Harry's book later this year, Ian Lloyd, author of The Queen: 70 Chapters in the Life of Elizabeth II, said: "Harry and Meghan would very much like to emulate the Obamas as global influencers and goodwill ambassadors." The release of Harry's memoir happens to coincide with the release of Michelle Obama's book, The Light We Carry. Harry's memoir is expected to be released late in 2022 but no official date has been released. Reports have speculated that the project will hit shelves just before the festive season. Ms Obama's book will be released globally on November 15 in time for Thanksgiving. Royal commentator Richard Fitzwilliams also compared the two books, noting that Harry's book is likely to reveal details about his "happiness at being a father". He said Ms Obama's book will feature "stories with uplifting messages for our turbulent and unpredictable world and contains insights and tips to enrich the lives of the readers." The commentator added: "This is also the intention of Harry's memoir, which aims to impart the benefits of the lessons he has learnt during the highs and lows of his life which he believes is an uplifting story. "Both Michelle Obama and Prince Harry do philanthropic work," he continued, "her book will reveal some of her habits and practices and will also deal with important contemporary issues of gender, race and visibility. "Harry's memoir will undoubtedly shed light on his charitable work, his relationship with Meghan and happiness at being a father as well as the inspiration he received from Diana." According to publisher Penguin Random House, Harry's memoir will "share, for the very first time, the definitive account of the experiences, adventures, losses and life lessons that have helped shape him". READ MORE: Meghan's 'political gesture' analysed - 'First Lady' mannerism exposed When the book was announced, Prince Harry said: "I’m writing this not as the Prince I was born but as the man I have become. "I've worn many hats over the years, both literally and figuratively, and my hope is that in telling my story — the highs and lows, the mistakes, the lessons learned — I can help show that no matter where we come from, we have more in common than we think." Body language expert Judi James has previously compared Harry and Meghan with the Obamas, saying that the couple bore a resemblance to the political duo after they shared a kiss on stage at the opening ceremony of the Invictus Games. Ms James compared Meghan Markle to a "First Lady", saying that this is "exactly how the Obamas would have behaved". DON'T MISS: Meghan Markle and Harry departure 'a positive for monarchy long-term' [ANALYSIS] Sussexes setting major precedence as couple dismantle royal tradition [REVEAL] Meghan Markle left ‘disappointed’ by Strictly Come Dancing snub [INSIGHT] She told Express.co.uk: "It wasn't a regal performance but it was 100 percent an American political performance. "That would be exactly how the Obamas would have behaved. "It was so much like a First Lady or a future First Lady introducing her wonderful husband." She added: "Everything about the gush about him and the build-up and the kiss on stage and he makes the speech. "I mean Melania even did that with Trump, although they probably didn't kiss. "But that sort of thing, the history of it, their body language would definitely be American political."