The TV actor and his family have called West Dorset home for more than two decades, and they live on an active farm filled with everything from chickens and sheep to horses and cattle. Clunes has described his Beaminster home as a “little castle” which took five years to build up to its current state. Along with his wife, the Doc Martin star leads a “hands-on” life tending to their animals and land while spending time on the 130-acre sheep farm. READ MORE: Can you mow your lawn when it's raining? The couple were once joined by their daughter Emily, though she has since moved to Gloucester to study equestrian science. While the family’s picturesque farm is constantly being worked on, Clunes revealed that the country life he shares with his wife and daughter has given him a new outlook on his fast-paced TV career. Speaking to the Mirror back in 2012, he said: “Now work is work whereas before work was life. “Now work supports life and especially because the farm’s a family business. “I’m not just working because of ambition and the need to get ahead, I’m working to provide for us.” Within their home, Martin Clunes and his wife have four dogs including a Jack Russell, two cocker spaniels and a Jackahuahua-cross breed. Their canine companions are joined by two cats named Lenny Marcel and Max Peter. In an exclusive interview with Great British Life, Clunes wrote that their large plot of land is also filled with a wide range of animals. The Clunes’ farm animals include a small herd of Dexter cattle, a flock of Pole Dorset sheep, 10 hens, and several horses. DON'T MISS:Baking soda cleaning: 5 areas to clean - from sinks to showers [REVEAL]Can you mow your lawn when it's raining? [ANALYSIS]Tomato plant pruning: How to fix yellow or curled-up leaves [INSIGHT] Having been born and raised in London, the Men Behaving Badly actor admitted that his life in Dorset is very different to the city life he experienced while growing up. He told the publication: “It’s confusing, coming up to London - all that noise and I see more people in a day than I could see in a month back home. “Tourists walking into you. And hair gel on men. Men with hairstyles! We just have hair in the country. “I love getting back here.”   While the country-loving father of one spends most of his time on-screen, his wife, Phillipa Braithwaite, stays firmly behind the camera. Phillipa has worked on multiple shows her husband has starred in, including Manhunt and Doc Martin, but it wasn’t until 1997 that the couple got married. Clunes proposed to his then-girlfriend in Hawaii after missing her during a work trip there. He said: “It was the longest we'd been apart, and I missed her so much that I proposed, while she was really jet lagged and in such a strange place.” Just one year after they made their vows, Martin and Phillipa welcomed their one and only daughter, Emily, in 1998. She even made a cameo appearance in Doc Martin during series four, completing the family stamp the Clunes have put on the ITV show.