 The triple lock promise to pensions is a Government pledge which means that the amount Britons get from their state pension will increase every year by either the rate of inflation, average earnings or by 2.5 percent. The pensions triple lock was a policy brought in by David Cameron’s Conservative/Liberal Democrat coalition Government in 2010 and has been a key policy for Tory administrations ever since. Last year, Mr Sunak, then Chancellor of the Exchequer, announced that the promise would be temporarily paused due to average earnings being artificially inflated following the COVID-19 pandemic and the furlough scheme for those out of work.     Last month, the HM Treasury announced that the Triple Lock Promise was to be reinstated for the 2023-24 financial year. This will mean that the value of the state pension will be calculated according to the rate of inflation recorded in September this year and paid out from April 2023. Inflation is currently causing havoc for Britons finances and in June 2022 it hit a rate of 9.1 percent which is the highest rate seen in around 40 years. This is causing finances to be severely squeezed as million across the UK also face rising interest rates, food prices and fuel costs. This is also on top of the ever-increasing energy bills.  READ MORE: State pensioners may be able to increase sum by up to £14.75 weekly    Due to Ofgem’s energy price cap set to rise again in October, it is predicted that inflation will hit 10 percent and could even go as high as 11 percent. A 10 percent increase would result in an additional £964.50 annually added to the new state pension. This would take it from £9,627.80 to £10,592.40. The basic rate will also see an increase of £738.40 a year going from £7,376.20 to £8,114.60.    Mr Sunak defended the return of the triple lock policy when it was announced after criticism arose as it was being reintroduced whilst millions of public sector workers were being forced to accept real-term pay cuts due to inflation. Speaking to reporters in central London, Mr Sunak said: “The slight difference with pensions is pensions are not an input cost into the cost of producing goods and services we all consume so they don’t add to inflation in the same way.” At the time of the announcement, RMT Unions rail workers were holding a series of strikes over pay, redundancies and conditions. Rail bosses offered pay increases of three percent, however, the RMT called for an increase of seven percent. READ MORE: ‘Game over!’ Woman, 42, watches as hackers steal £10,000 in attack      When asked about it, Mr Sunak stated that pensioners were “amongst the most valuable in society” and therefore needed to be protected. Mr Sunak is now in the running to be Conservative Party Leader after current Prime Minister Boris Johnson announced his resignation earlier this month. If Mr Sunak continues to honour the promise he made last month, it would mean that British pensioners would see a significant increase in their monthly income. Currently, residents in the UK are able to access their state pension and claim payments once they reach the state pension age, which is 66 at the moment.     This is for both men and women. To qualify for the full amount, people will also need to have 35 years of full National Insurance Contributions (NICs). The full new state pension currently stands at £185.15 per week, which equates to more than £9.600 a year. This is paid to people reaching the state pension age on or after April 6, 2016. People who reached the state pension age before this receive the basic state pension rate of £141.85 a week, or around £7,400 a year.   