Former Manchester United defender Rio Ferdinand has explained the “only way” he believes the club will allow Cristiano Ronaldo to leave Old Trafford this summer is if they sign a striker such as Robert Lewandowski. The Portuguese legend has asked the Red Devils to consider any appropriate bids for the 37-year-old, who has ambitions of playing in the Champions League next season. Ronaldo has yet to report for pre-season training yet, citing family reasons which the club have accepted, but Ferdinand does not see United letting him go this summer. “I don’t see it happening,” Ferdinand said on his Rio Ferdinand Presents FIVE show. “I can’t even think about that because you have to look at the whole situation. It’s getting on in the window, if Man United were to let him go [Erling] Haaland and [Darwin] Nunez probably the first two on your list have gone. “The only other person who could fill into those shoes, who I’d have confidence in who’s possibly capable of doing it, is [Robert] Lewandowski. But he looks like he has his heart set on Barcelona if they can get that deal done. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd fresh £45m bid, De Jong picks Chelsea move, Arsenal £6m offer “The only way I see it happening is Man United could get Lewandowski and then Ronaldo could go then, that’s the only way it happens. If United can’t get a ready-made replacement to bang in the 20, 25 goals next season outside of Lewandowski somebody gettable I don’t see it being a deal that gets done not at all.” Ronaldo has been linked with a possible move to Chelsea after new Blues owner and acting sporting director Todd Boehly met with the forward’s agent Jorge Mendes, and one of the topics they reportedly discussed was the idea of him moving to Stamford Bridge. One player possibly joining United this summer however is Frenkie de Jong, and the club have been in negotiations to sign the Barcelona midfielder. DON'T MISSMan Utd ‘have agreed majority of Frenkie de Jong transfer deal’ as last hurdle emergesPep Guardiola has pulled off two Man City transfers more impressive than Erling HaalandMan Utd set to suffer Christian Eriksen blow before he's even played for club “Listen, I think Frenkie de Jong would be a great signing,” Ferdinand added. “I watched him closely, especially the year with Ajax when they got to the semi-finals and they lost to Spurs, he was integral to everything they did - arguably their best player. “Defensively, I think he’ll need to work to improve if he comes to England. In his general game, no matter where he goes in his career, he’ll have to improve defensively in that position but I think he has all the attributes you’d like to have in someone, a starting point to go you know what I could build someone to play in that position. “He’s something Man United haven’t had for a while, a person to transfer the ball from back to front. So I think there’s a lot of pluses with him, great athlete as well, very, very quick.”