A change in arrangements will suit you even if other people complain. Don’t worry about what others might think about this new agreement. What’s important is that you are true to yourself and you cannot continue with a situation that is giving you no pleasure or satisfaction. Someone who cares for you wants to give you a special gift. It might make you feel uncomfortable to receive such an extravagant tribute, but it will make them feel good. This is their way of thanking you for all you have recently done for them. A misunderstanding in the family has caused confusion, upset and hurt feelings. Words, including your own, have been said that weren’t really meant. Instead of allowing tension to increase try to make amends by offering an apology or opening a heart to heart discussion.  You can make those changes in your life that you have been thinking about. It’s just a matter of taking a deep breath and pushing past your fears. Stop making excuses as to why you can’t do it. Practical matters like finding a dog sitting service or childcare can be addressed in due course. Don’t be in a rush to get started on anything new. Instead, be content to catch up on odds and ends left over from the past month or so. There will be the chance of new beginnings soon and these will be better tackled when you have more energy and more time. You will be asked to do someone a favour and what they expect you to do will not sit well with your conscience. It doesn’t matter how close this person is to you; if you don’t feel good about it, turn them down. If you are asked for a reason why be upfront and honest with them.  Someone who thinks they can wrap you around their little finger is in for a big surprise. You have been giving your power away by always falling in with their wishes, plans and ideas and you now intend to be less accommodating, less compromising and more independent. Someone who respects you will seek you out for your honest advice. Offering constructive criticism is important. Protecting younger members of your family will be a priority now whether this is by putting money aside for them, providing them with a good education or teaching essential life skills. You’re getting a lot of enjoyment out of group activities. Starting on a new project will make a pleasant change after feeling as if lately, there has been something missing from your life. If a friend is looking a little glum, invite them to join you. You could do a lot to light up their life.  Your ability to get on with a job and get results makes you a valued member of a team. Others will find it difficult to act in haste when you are on the scene. Your cautious approach and practical advice will help make certain this is a thoroughly executed piece of work. You have a number of options ahead which makes it difficult to make a decision. Focus on the likely long-term consequences. Make a list of pros and cons and take your time to make up your mind. This isn’t something that can be rushed. Housemates expect you to join them in rolling up your sleeves and getting on with a domestic project they have instigated. You don’t feel motivated to work and would prefer to take some time off and treat yourself to a more restful, relaxing day. 