Rylan Clark, 33, has expressed his concern over the amount of public interest in his love life that was sparked by his divorce. The It Takes Two presenter has been outspoken on his split from husband Dan Neal after six years of marriage. Their split has ignited an interest in fans about his new single life. Rylan has now addressed the sudden speculation and how even his manager has been dubbed his “mystery man”. He said: “Now all of a sudden I’m single, it’s like, ‘Who’s he f*****g?’ “My manager has been my ‘mystery man’ about four times in the press over the past however many months.” Rylan continued in an interview with The Big Issue: “The funniest part is they email him to ask does Rylan have any comment? “It’s like, ‘Mate, that’s me. I’m his manager.’” The BBC Radio 2 presenter has previously opened up about how his divorce affected his mental health. He admitted the split “hit him round the face” as he “never thought” he would go through something like it. Speaking on his podcast Ry-Union, the TV star revealed the breakup was “really hard to deal with”. He said: “I’ve never in my life thought that I would go through a crisis like that. "But I did, ultimately, and it literally hit me round the face like a baseball bat, because I always thought I was too strong for it. "Like, I’m never going to let anything like that happen to me, but then it does and it’s really, really hard to deal with.” DON'T MISS...Brian May bids farewell to 'dear pal' on final night of tour [LATEST]Britney Spears gushes over ‘coolest guy ever’ Taron Egerton [PICTURES]Demi Moore, 59, showcases ageless figure in plunging white swimsuit [INSTAGRAM] But Rylan was not alone as his mother, Linda, was there to support him throughout the process. His mum even suggested he slept in her bed with her instead of being alone at home. "She was my entire support," he explained to OK! magazine. Rylan added: "I couldn’t have got through the last year without my mum." Linda, who was also present at his interview, also gave her point of view after witnessing her son’s suffering. She explained: "It was really hard last year. “He’s got this beautiful home, but he was here with me. "He couldn’t sleep so I said, ‘Get in my bed with me’."