Rosemary Freebury knew she had an addiction to chocolate and managed to kick her habit by completely overhauling her life once and for all. The 59-year-old from Doncaster, tipped the scales at 20st at her heaviest and was eating the sweet treat "like it was going out of fashion", despite living with spine degenerative disease, arthritis and type 2 diabetes. But when her blood sugar levels became “dangerously high”, she was given the ultimatum to either lose weight or go on insulin. She chose the former, and was referred to NHS-backed healthy eating plan Second Nature in 2021 to change her diet habits and her lifestyle for the better. Now, she no longer feels the need to snack and is on track to reverse her diabetes diagnosis. She said: "I realised dieting, as I have done for most of my life, wasn't sustainable. "I needed something that would help to re-programme my way of thinking, reset my taste buds, I needed something that's sustainable and that’s what Second Nature is. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake "I love it. The food is great, I really enjoy it, and I feel better and healthier than I ever have done." In just one year, Rosemary lost 50 inches and managed to give up her chocolate habit and she vowed she won't eat it again. "I will never touch chocolate again," she said, revealing she had her last piece on July 11, 2021. "I’m a complete addict, and I know if I start eating it, I’ll eat it all the time. It’s like an alcoholic with alcohol.” With Second Nature’s support, she now doesn't buy cakes, biscuits, crisps and ready meals, and started to make everything from scratch following the programme’s recipes, which also meant she was spending less money on buying food. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] Within just 12 weeks, Rosemary had lost 1.5st and it spurred her on. Now 12 months in, she's 6st down. Her diet plan included healthy foods such as Weetabix, natural yoghurt, boiled eggs, mackerel and salad. Rosemary's problems began when she was very young, having been told she was overweight as a child and was taken to a diet club at the age 11. She began calorie counting when she was just 14 years old and for four years, she would be given a weighed amount of foods such as milk, butter and cheese kept in separate containers in the fridge that would need to last her a week. Having gone through a "horrendous divorce" in 1985 when she was 22, she turned to food and chocolate for comfort and she soon put on 5st. READ MORE: Michael Mosley weight loss: Remove three foods to stay slim But after managing to curb the chocolate cravings when she remarried and had another child, they soon came back after she was hit with another misfortune - her daughter was diagnosed with a brain tumour. “I was back eating chocolate every day, and I’d not done that since my divorce," Rosemary explained. Sadly, her daughter passed away and her grief saw Rosemary turn to food and more chocolate despite having been diagnosed with type 2 diabetes in 2007. “My husband and I used to buy 250g bars of chocolate each, but the difference was he could stop eating it. I used to say I’d only eat half of it, then I’d put the other half away. “But then I’d wake up in the night, and I’d know there was half a bar of chocolate, so I’d go downstairs just to have one piece, then I’d have another piece. So the next day, I’d need to buy another bar of chocolate. “I was diabetic and eating all this chocolate, but no one had ever sat down and spoke to me about what type 2 diabetes was, it was never explained to me. I was just told to stop eating sweets and chocolate and take medication. But I thought so long as I was taking the medication, it was fine." Now, with a new lease of life, Rosemary is looking forward to her son's wedding next year. "I felt I would be ‘the fat woman in the wheelchair', I wanted to be able to buy a beautiful outfit and look as though a groom’s mother should, not be fat and frumpy. And now I can," she beamed. "And I’m hoping I’ll be able to have a dance too. I want to be a grandma who can sit on the floor and play with the grandchildren. “I feel healthier, I'm happier than I've been in many years, I'm gaining confidence, which is something I sorely lacked."