He deserves to go down in history as the maverick people’s champion who, against all odds, got Brexit done, risked everything on the bulk buying of Covid vaccines early and put backbone into the world’s response to Vladimir Putin’s attack against Ukraine. But his unorthodoxy and sometimes cavalier attitude to the truth was always going to be his undoing, and led him to lose the support of the ordinary people he once represented. Let’s remember him as St George and the dragon, not King Canute. Roy Daniels, Luton, Beds -------------------------------------------- Conspiracy to oust our PM is an utter disgrace  Anybody will see the actions of the two former Cabinet members and others as a conspiracy to bring down the Prime Minister. There is nothing honourable in the way these backstabbers have acted to get Boris out. I have supported Labour for decades but the way the opposition has carried on saw me vote Tory at the election. Boris has done a great job and I do not want to see some rebel replace him. The way these MPs have acted is a disgrace. The voters like Boris and can see through the behaviour of others. Terence Matthews, Upminster, Gtr London -------------------------------------------- Javid and Sunak’s exits are no great loss for UK The resignations of Sajid Javid and Rishi Sunak are no great loss to the UK. Javid had no depth as a minister and the country may now see a reduction in taxes with Sunak gone. Multimillionaires have no idea how normal working class people survive and Sunak was in conflict with the PM on reducing taxes. Now Boris has a free hand. Warren Browning, Rugby, Warks -------------------------------------------- Leave Mr Fix It to sort out this country’s problems Whatever you think of Boris he is to be admired for his tenacity, hanging in there with so much against him. This country is broken with in-party fighting and opposition parties slinging mud. The cost of living is sky high and the NHS desperately needs reform. There’s a war in Ukraine and fuel costs are rocketing. Not forgetting the woke mob and strikers. If Boris can come up with a plan to fix this country he’ll be applauded. Sheer grit, hard work and ruthlessness may just do it. Suzi White, Taunton, Somerset