The strike action saw commuter chaos as dozens of trains were cancelled, meaning many city workers signed in from their home offices. And the huge spike for the term 'remote jobs' during this period - of 262 percent - is the most it has been searched ever before, according to Google search data.  It suggests the public would rather have little to do with trains altogether, opting for work in their home environment. The height of the Covid pandemic left 60 percent of the UK adult population working from home, according to Finder.com. As restrictions eased, the British workforce gradually began returning to the office, but with many major companies opting for a hybrid work arrangement, other businesses followed suit. The Office for National Statistics revealed that 38 percent of working adults are now remote working at least one day a week, with the search for fully remote jobs peaking ahead of the train strikes last week.  Search interest hit its highest ever level between June 5 and June 11, the same week the National Union of Rail, Maritime and Transport Workers (RMT) announced their plan. The analysis, by JohnSlots, revealed searches for ‘remote jobs’ surged to over three times the average volume in June, an unprecedented increase in Brits looking for remote working positions, rising 23 percent higher than its peak when COVID-19 started in March 2020, according to Google search data analysis. The data also revealed that searches for ‘remote jobs’ are currently at its highest in England and Wales, with the highest level of search interest from Barking and Dagenham, Harrow, Leicester and Wembley. A spokesperson from JohnSlots said of the findings: “The surge in search interest also comes at a time where employers are fighting a battle for a return to the office. Amid the cost of living crisis, workers are increasingly attracted to remote-working positions, which afford additional flexibility, especially for parents, without having to pay for a daily commute.  READ MORE: Queen spotted hopping on and off train despite mobility concerns “Rail fares also rose by 2.6 percent in England and Wales during March 2022, the highest in 13 years, as the Government decided to raise prices above RPI inflation. "Though as we know, the increase in rail fares is just one of the many price hikes affecting UK households. "The squeeze on household funds, coupled with ongoing travel disruption and focus shift on mental health at work, leading to the Great Resignation, has made Brits consider new positions where working from home is available.” It comes after a poll revealed 76 percent of rail passengers had seen no impact on their journey from the strikes." DON'T MISS:US stop tanker suspected of carrying Russian oil [INSIGHT]Met Office flood alert: Heavy rain to trigger traffic chaos [COMMENT]Queen health fears erupt as monarch's bruised hands spark worry [PICTURES]  General Secretary Mick Lynch said the strikers were "leading the way for workers" adding they they "will win" this fight. The union is striking over concerns about proposed redundancies and calls for a pay hike of at least seven percent. But the poll, by YouGov, showed that the strikes have had little impact on travel on Tuesday as only 18 percent said their journeys were impacted. Less than four in ten or 37 percent were supportive of the rail transport workers striking. 