Roger Taylor turns 73 and is still going strong as he continues to play the drums for Queen alongside Adam Lambert and Brian May. In between touring with the band and his own solo music career, Taylor keeps himself busy with a far more expensive hobby: his pristine collection of vehicles. CA Knowledge reports that Taylors has an annual salary of $20million (£16million), part of which is fuelled by record breaking sales from Queen when Freddie Mercury filled the role of lead singer. With a current net worth believed to be $200million (£166million), the Norfolk-born musician has apparently found the perfect career to fund his collections. Music fans likely won’t be surprised at Taylor’s affiliation for cars, as he did pen the infamous song I’m In Love With My Car. He has owned an array of luxury vehicles during his career, including a 1979 Aston Martin V8 and a DB7, Porsche Panamera, a Range Rover and a Mercedes. Altogether, these cars are believed to have cost up to $608,000 (£505,000). READ MORE: Geena Davis' 'upsetting' divorce from Jeff Goldblum as he later admitted truth about kids Taylor’s other notable cars over the years include an Alfa Romeo, Ferrari 308 GTB and Mazda-MX-5. According to the website Roger Taylor, the Alfa Romeo Taylor owned in 1975 can be heard on the song. In a 1997 interview with BBC, Taylor explained it is “the exhaust on the record” is a “little Alfa Romeo”, although it was not this car that inspired the song. One of the bands’ roadies, John Harris, was “in love with his car” according to Taylor, which was a Triumph TR4, and the song is dedicated to him. Taylor has also reportedly kept guitars used by either him or the Queen band over the years, adding to his collection as his career grew. Although he shot to fame as Queens drummer, Taylor is a multi instrumentalist musician, often playing keyboards, guitars and bass on his own songs alongside singing and first got into music through the ukulele. A more peculiar hobby Taylor enjoys is sailing and has owned a variety of yachts over the years. One of his purchases, the Tigerlily of Cornwall, has taken part in a few Pug’s Club Regattas and was believed to be for sale earlier this year. The 32.7 metre luxury yacht was spotted at Moll Vell in Palma days before the Palma International Boat Show. Tigerlily was originally built in 1989 and has four staterooms with space for eight guests and five crew. The superyacht is believed to still be on the market for €1.2million (£1million). Taylor has also taken advantage of his fame and fortune to live in luxury full-time, not just when he’s out on his boat. Until 2003 Taylor lived in a house in Surrey called Milhanger, with 7 bedrooms, 74 acres, a swimming pool, jacuzzi, gym and stables. The lavish house was virtually built for entertaining large groups of people, which works perfectly for the drummer father-of-five. Milhanger is believed to be worth $9.90million (£8.23million) according to Glamour Path. A large portion of Taylor’s wealth comes from his time with Queen before the tragic passing of Freddie Mercury. The band released 15 studio albums, with many songs penned by Taylor, selling millions worldwide. Earlier this month the band officially broke UK records with their 1981 Greatest Hits album. The album surpassed seven million sales and became officially the best-selling album of all time in the UK. Based on the sales, approximately one in three families in the UK now own a copy of the album, and it has sold over 25 million copies worldwide.