This phenomenal campaigner then repainted the electoral map, delivering a Conservative victory on a scale that not long before had looked impossible. Mr Johnson burned with the desire to stage a third revolution by levelling up this country so that those of us outside the richest neighbourhoods are not doomed to suffer worse health and lower wages. It will now be up to his successor to strive to deliver this noble and vital ambition. Yesterday, the Prime Minister seemed bewildered that his Westminster colleagues had decided to bring his premiership to an end. He still retains legions of admirers in communities that are desperate for change, and people throughout the UK will mourn his departure if inequality is allowed to blight the life chances of more children. Mr Johnson may have captured the public's attention with his unique humour and knack for generating drama. But he also put the spotlight on the needs of ordinary people. He seemed as excited meeting citizens beyond the confines of Westminster as they were to take selfies with him. Mr Johnson's foes condemned him for his foibles and mistakes.They were enraged by his refusal to follow the diktats of an increasingly conformist society - most notably in his rejection of the thenconventional wisdom that Britain could not thrive outside of the EU. He was right to put his faith in the potential of vaccines to liberate the nation from Covid lockdowns, and he has stiffened the backbone of Nato nations in opposing Russia's unjust invasion of Ukraine. His vision of the UK as a force for good in the world must never be surrendered. In his short tenure, the Prime Minister has achieved an incredible amount and he unquestionably did his best for Britain. His successor will soon discover how hard it is to govern in an age of relentless scrutiny, but he or she will be able to make use of the post-Brexit freedoms that Mr Johnson did so much to win. Thank you, Prime Minister, and best wishes for the happiest of futures. Britain's Cameron Norrie will carry the hopes of the nation when he faces Novak Djokovic in today's Wimbledon semi-final. The 26-year-old has already made us proud. Now he has the chance to make history when he takes on a legend. A triumph today will lift the spirits of us all, and give us cause to believe that in sport and life the best is yet to come.