No Time To Die brought an end to Daniel Craig's version of the James Bond story. Since then, fans have been looking at new actors who could potentially take on the role of the iconic 007. While the ongoing Bond odds from Ladbrokes place Henry Cavill and Tom Hardy at the top of the race, Britain has other ideas. A new survey has revealed that Brits want a specific man for the upcoming reboot of James Bond. The survey - which was pulled together by 888 Poker - spoke to 1,000 British Bond fans and gave them the chance to speak their mind about the future of the hero. Surprisingly, the odds' favourite, Cavill, was sixth on the list of fan choices with just five percent of the votes. This is a shocker considering the British icon is extremely popular at the moment, especially after starring in The Witcher on Netflix and previously taking on the role of Superman. At the top of the list, however, is another British icon who fans are absolutely dying to see hit the big screen as Bond, James Bond. Idris Elba is Britain's pick to become the next James Bond. The survey revealed that almost 20 percent of the voters want the Luther actor to take on the role of the super spy. It's no wonder why he's so popular, considering he has been blowing up Hollywood for years. Most recently, he appeared in The Suicide Squad as the protagonist Bloodshot. He has also wowed audiences in the Thor series as Heimdall. In the latest Bond odds from Ladbrokes Elba has been given an incredible 5/1 on becoming Bond. READ MORE: Next James Bond: Stranger Things star threatens Tom Hardy for 007 At the time, Alex Apati of Ladbrokes said: "Idris Elba has long been a frontrunner in the race to replace Daniel Craig, and he's once again closed the gap on the front two in the betting after a flurry of bets this week." Britain's Elba pick follows the news that Bond bosses are looking to "reinvent" James Bond in the next movie. 007 has long been criticised for remaining a white character for decades. And this could be the first opportunity the Bond execs get to create a new-and-improved Bond with a Black background. Bond boss Barbara Broccoli recently said: "We’re working out where to go with [Bond]. We’re talking that through. There isn’t a script and we can’t come up with one until we decide how we’re going to approach the next film. Because, really, it’s a reinvention of Bond. We’re reinventing who he is and that takes time." (Via Deadline) In another twist of fate, Britain's favourite Bond picks does not include one major frontrunner in the odds. DON'T MISS...Stranger Things star threatens Tom Hardy for 007 [NEWS]Henry Cavill top spot at risk to outsider [BOND ODDS]Tom Hardy falls back as bosses hint 007 'reinvention' [INSIGHT] While Britain chose some big names - including the aforementioned Elba, Hardy and Cavill - they also picked James Norton, Brad Pitt and Richard Madden in the list. They did not, however, choose Regé-Jean Page. The Bridgerton actor is currently the second-favourite in the Bond odds, meaning he is very likely to get the role - but Britons disagree. Instead, in third place in Britain's Bond picks is the former 007 star: Daniel Craig. Yes, that's right, 12 percent of the British survey wants Craig to make a return to the James Bond role - despite having played the secret agent for more than 15 years across five movies. Craig has since made it very clear he will not be returning to Bond in the future, however. In fact, he's already giving advice to the next actor set to take his place. He said to his future replacement last year: "There’s a couple things I’d say. One is: don’t be s**t. I would say you have to grab it and make it your own." James Bond No Time To Die is available to stream on Amazon Prime Video now, while the rest of the James Bond movies are available to rent.