England are potentially just 90 minutes away from making the Euro 2022 final at Wembley on Sunday, but first they must overcome Sweden at a sold out Bramall Lane. The Lionesses set up a semi-final meeting with the Scandinavian side on Tuesday having completed a stunning 2-1 comeback success over Spain last week - a match in which Bayern Munich's Georgia Stanway emerged as the hero. Having sailed through their group with three wins from three over Austria, Norway and Northern Ireland, Sarina Wiegman’s side were firmly put to the test at Brighton's Amex Stadium last Wednesday. After slipping behind to an Esther Gonzalez strike early in the second period, England were just six minutes away from crashing out of their home tournament. However, some inspired tweaking of tactics and personnel by Wiegman saw Ella Toone fire home an equaliser late on to send the contest to extra-time. Stanway then struck a screamer to secure the Lionesses' passage to the semi-finals. England now find themselves just one step away from creating history and competing in the Euro 2022 final at Wembley, but a stern test awaits on Tuesday night. The Lionesses must overcome Sweden, the top-ranked European team and a side second only to the USA in the FIFA world rankings. Linda Sembrant struck a 92nd-minute winner for the Swedes against Belgium in their quarter-final clash on Friday, but despite recording 33 shots across the match, the Blue and Yellow flattered to deceive in a performance which would have provided England with much optimism. Ahead of the pair's eagerly-anticipated semi-final showdown, here are all the details you need to know before kick-off... JUST IN: Man Utd star Cristiano Ronaldo to hold private Erik ten Hag talks after 'positive sign' England face Sweden on Tuesday, July 25 at Sheffield United's Bramall Lane, with the match getting underway at 8pm. The match will be shown on free-to-air television, with BBC One set to broadcast the action live from Sheffield. The BBC will also stream the match online for free via their Sport website and iPlayer service, which is available for those holding an up-to-date TV license. Their coverage will get underway at 7.25pm and will be hosted by Gabby Logan, who will be joined by a punditry team of Alex Scott, Ian Wright and Anouk Hoogendijk. Robyn Cowen and Rachel Brown Finnis will once again be on commentary duties. READ MORE: Chelsea and Spurs boosted as £80m star drops Drogba and Kane hints Goalkeepers: Mary Earps (Manchester United), Hannah Hampton (Aston Villa), Ellie Roebuck (Manchester City). Defenders: Millie Bright (Chelsea), Jess Carter (Chelsea), Lucy Bronze (Manchester City), Rachel Daly (Houston Dash), Demi Stokes (Manchester City), Alex Greenwood (Manchester City), Lotte Wubben-Moy (Arsenal). Midfielders: Jill Scott, (Aston Villa, on loan from Manchester City), Georgia Stanway (Bayern Munich), Fran Kirby (Chelsea), Ella Toone (Manchester United), Keira Walsh (Manchester City), Leah Williamson (Arsenal). Forwards: Lauren Hemp (Manchester City), Alessie Russo (Manchester United), Nikita Parris (Arsenal), Bethany England (Chelsea), Ellen White (Manchester City), Chloe Kelly (Manchester City), Beth Mead (Arsenal).