Eastenders' villain Suki Panesar is rarely out of the headlines in Walford, but her latest drama may spell the end of her time on the soap. Recently, the bond between her and Eve intensified and the pair shared a kiss - then a stunned Eve was slapped in return. As Suki struggles to accept her sexuality, the Panesar matriarch appears to open up to her potential new lover but will she moment of vulnerability lead to Suki leaving Walford for good?  Eastenders' character Suki Paneser (played by Balvinder Sopal) has had a particularly eventful time in the two years since she arrived on the BBC soap with her three children Kheerat, Jag, Vinny and Ash. The popular villain has pretended to have terminal cancer, attempted to blackmail Ben Mitchell and clashed with almost every family on the show. But after recent events involving a kiss with her confidante Eve, her time may be up. After her daughter Ash gets involved, the pressure to keep her private life hidden becomes too much. READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes slams 'hypocritical' Prince Harry over climate change In a typically busy week for the Panesar empire, there is a new launch of the family's GP surgery this week. After a stressful time, Eve (played by Heather Peace) - who's still technically married to Stacey Slater (Lacey Turner) - offers some support. Once they bond over music and playfully provoke one another, the temperature rises in their friendship. Suki invites solicitor Eve over to her home and the two kiss, following on from a conversation about the synergy they share.  However, this leads to Eve wrongfully thinking Suki may give their romance a chance. At the opening of the surgery, Eve's hurt when Suki makes it clear she wants nothing to do with her. The two both find time to discuss the events of the previous night. Sadly for Eve, there is no romance on the cards between them. DON'T MISS: Why has Omar Lye-Fook left EastEnders as Avery Baker? [INSIGHT]Letitia Dean ditched 'extreme dieting' to lose weight - 'incredible' [ARTICLE]EastEnders theory: Kat Slater murdered on her wedding day  [THEORY]   In the midst of this ongoing drama, Ash Panesar is introduced to a journalist by her mother. The conversation between them leads to yet another bombshell being revealed. Ash and Eve's history will also come to the fore this week too. The returning Ash, who rejoined the Square this year - will be left devastated when her romantic advances are ignored - leading to a cold shoulder and an entry to the friend zone.   Ash invites Eve out but is confused when she friendzones her. She wrongfully believes Eve is put off by her mother and their fraught relationship. Eve promised to keep her kiss with Suki secret but will she be forced to tell the truth when Ash makes a pass at her? Suki would be heartbroken if Eve betrayed her in this way and as she continues to deny her sexuality may decide she has to leave Walford for good rather than confront her true feelings. EastEnders continues tonight at 7:30pm on BBC One.