On Saturday, Prince William hosted New Zealand's Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern at Kensington Palace. This meeting has fuelled speculation that the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are soon heading over to New Zealand and Australia. Speaking on Australia's Today show, 9Honey's royal reporter Natalie Oliver discussed the royal tour speculation. Ms Oliveri said: "Prince William met with Jacinda Ardern on Saturday [July 2]. "Now, the meeting has fueled speculation that the Cambridges are heading to New Zealand and also, Australia." She added: "Jacinda presented Prince William with a couple of rugby-themed things, a jersey and a ball, and also a book. "Kate is patron of two rugby associations so that, sort of, you know, are they going to be heading there". READ MORE: Princess Beatrice breaks cover at Rolling Stones concert after new Prince Andrew claims She noted that the rugby world cup, the female rugby world cup, is happening in October in New Zealand, so, you know, its a good sign." The royal expert also stated that the Duke and Duchess have had an invite to Australia, which is "adding to that speculation". The invite came from Western Australia's premier Mark McGowan. She said: "He personally wrote to the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge asking them to come to Perth. "This is for the inaugural football, international festival of football." READ MORE: Watch out, Harry! Kate and William make major announcement set to upstage Duke of Sussex She added: "Aston Villa are playing Manchester United", adding that Aston Villa is "William's favourite team". Ms Oliveri also noted that William is the "president of the football association in the UK, so "it does make sense for them to come here". The last time that the Cambridges were in Australia was in April 2014. They arrived with their son Prince George, who was then nine-months-old. DON'T MISS Earlier this year, the Duke and Duchess embarked on an 8-day royal tour of the Caribbean. The tour, which was part of the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations, was met with criticism. The criticism was centred on the monarchy's association with slavery and demands for reparations. READ NEXT: