On Monday, Tesco posted a Facebook status referring to their Clubcard Christmas Savers - but was met with disgust from many shoppers. July 18 brought in extreme temperatures of 40 degrees in some parts of the UK. Tesco decided that during the heatwave, the retailer would prompt customers to draw their attention to colder times. The supermarket's post read: "We know it’s not exactly winter and this is the last thing on your mind but we want to help you spread the cost. "Our Clubcard Christmas Savers lets you save throughout the year for your Christmas shop. READ MORE: Hovis recalls breakfast food due to an undeclared ingredient "Visit tes.co/ChristmasSavers for more #EveryLittleHelps." The retailer followed this up with: "Christmas 2022 final opt-in and top-up date is October 19, 2022 to receive your savings in November. "Bonus given for top-ups over £25. "£360 max cash top-up per year; £12 max top-up bonus per year. "Top up in-store only. Clubcard vouchers and top-up vouchers valid for two years, bonus vouchers valid for two months." But the promise of spreading costs fell on deaf ears for many Tesco shoppers. Roseann Kay commented: "Please stop Tesco....we don't need or want Christmas in July. "Telling people they can pay it up only encourages you to spend more!" Several agreed with shopper Roseann's sentiment, with this comment alone amassing 69 reactions. READ MORE: How to save money on your restaurant bill every time  Mandy Carruthers seconded this: "Totally agree with you, Roseann! "I can't bear the way the supermarkets seem hell bent on stretching Christmas out for months beforehand. "I used to love Christmas but now it seems that it's just a huge commercial farce. "Shame...and now I'm waiting to be annihilated for daring to dis the Chris..." Justine Colclough lamented: "Christmas is meant to be more than just spending money." Gareth Moore received a whopping 320 likes and laughing reactions on the following comment: "With the cost of a salmon steak these days, I'm too busy saving up for my food shop next week, never mind the one in another 26 weeks time!!!" Al Do O Lee branded the move "bad taste" and "disgusted". The savings scheme is meant to help families spread the cost and save in the run up to Christmas. Not everyone had negative feelings towards the July Christmas post. Richard Hills praised the supermarket: "Great to see, well done Tesco, jingle all the way!!!" Jacqueline A Lee added: "I started the saving stamps last year and I’m doing again this year as I found Christmas was less stressful and I even got my mam to start saying up as well!"