Fan-favourite Max Mayfield (played by Sadie Sink) suffered a horrific fate after her second encounter with Vecna (Jamie Campbell Bower) in the epic finale of Stranger Things season four. However, viewers now believe she could make a full recovery in the Netflix drama’s final season thanks to a potentially revealing clue from her love interest Lucas Sinclair (Caleb McLaughlin). Some clever foreshadowing from the Duffer Brothers has convinced Stranger Things fans Max will fully recover by the end of the series. After putting herself up as bait during the gang’s mission to the Upside Down, Max is rendered comatose with three of her limbs broken and her sight completely lost. Thanks to a magical intervention from their superpowered friend Eleven (Millie Bobby Brown), Max was thankfully kept alive but with no telling how long she’ll remain unconscious. However, Lucas’s visit to the hospital in the final moments of episode nine, Piggyback, seems to suggest Max will be alive and well by the time the series comes to an end. READ MORE: BBC Breakfast viewers thrilled as they welcome back much-loved host One fan took to Reddit when they realised Lucas was reading aloud from an iconic novel by Stephen King and Peter Straub, The Talisman. This fantasy epic follows a 12-year-old named Jack who embarks on a dangerous quest to a strange land called The Territories in order to save his dying mother. User JellybeanFernandez posted: “In The Talisman, the lead character is a kid whose mother is dying. “The only way he can save her is by travelling to a different world, one that mirrors our world but is in a fantasy setting filled with monsters, to fulfil a quest and retrieve an amulet that can save her life.” “I thought at first that it was just a homage to King by the Duffer Bros, but perhaps it gives good insight on Lucas’s path in season five.” Stranger Things has featured several references to the iconic horror author so far, with the series drawing heavily from the likes of It, Stand By Me and Carrie. If Max begins the next season still comatose with no signs of life, Lucas and his friends may have to make one final quest to the Upside Down to find a way to bring her back. Of course, their mission won’t be easy now the sinister parallel dimension seems to have started leaking into the real world. DON'T MISS:BBC Radio 2 fury as Steve Wright announces exit [REACTION]Why is presenter Matt Tebbutt not on Saturday Kitchen? [INSIGHT]Stranger Things season 4, volume 2 crashes Netflix [NEWS] A number of fans agreed with the theory and speculated more about how the fifth season of Stranger Things could wrap up Netflix’s successful sci-fi epic. bigdirkmalone replied: “Good catch. I have to believe that they chose that book for a reason. Can't be just random Stephen King.” And no-puedo-cambiar replied: “The Talisman and its sequel, Black House, were phenomenal books. There are parallels between Stranger Things and those books. “As I was watching season four, I couldn’t help but think this season was so good it was what movies based on King books should have been.” While SapphireSamurai suggested: “It makes me wonder if finally killing Vecna will release the minds of the people he has ‘consumed’ and since Max’s body is still alive she’ll snap out of the coma.” Vecna was left barely alive after the events of season four, but his presence could be the one link to the Upside Down keeping Max from making a full recovery. Whether the gang is after a magical artefact or simply a way to put an end to their frightening foe, The Talisman could provide a strong basis for their final adventure to save their town once and for all. Stranger Things seasons 1-4 are available to stream on Netflix.