Ben Shephard, 47, has hit out at Chris Kamara after the sports presenter exposed him when he posted an image to Twitter of the pair alongside Dutch football manager Jimmy Floyd. The pundit shared a snap of the three standing side by side while visiting St George’s Park. The tweet was posted out to the commentator’s 1.8 million followers. He said: “Me & the tall man @benshephard just bumped into Jimmy Floyd at St George’s Park where his team Burton Albion train. “Great facilities.” The snap showed Ben standing and smiling for the camera alongside his sporty pals. READ MORE: Prince Harry's Nelson Mandela speech questioned by Piers Morgan However, the news presenter appeared to be standing on top of a treadmill to reach the same height as the other two. He wrote playfully, in response to Chris’ tweet: “You weren’t supposed to get my feet in shot!” But some fans spotted other photo blunders, too. @Jonny_Wilkes commented: “Never mind the feet …is that a see through top you have on ???” Ben replied in good jest, writing: “Haha these pecs need airing!!” Others joked about Ben’s lacklustre appearance. @MarcusFranks13 said: “Ben it’s not a great look from the knees down.” It comes after the announcement that Ben and Chris have joined forces to present Unbelievable!, a new BBC Sounds and BBC Radio 5 Live podcast. READ MORE...Jeremy Clarkson slams Naga Munchetty's six-figure BBC salary [INSIGHT]Hugh Grant breaks silence on link to Prince Andrew film adaptation [LATEST]Prince Harry’s friend JJ Chalmers spills on Archie during ‘dad chat' [NEWS] The pair will interview some of the biggest names in football together in weekly episodes starting August 4th. They will be joined by current players, legends of the game, and some celebrity fans as well. The duo will uncover behind the scenes insights into the lives of the biggest players in the sport. Speaking to the BBC yesterday, Chris said: “We can’t wait to launch the podcast and start sharing the unbelievable stories from the show. “We’ve lined up some real characters to join us – people who have seen and done it all in football. “We’ve had a lot of laughs so far and we’ve already unearthed some stories that will thrill fans of all clubs.” Co-star Ben added: “It’s been great teaming up with Kammy again to chat to some of the biggest legends, and some of the most entertaining characters, in the game. “We’ve had a lot of fun recording, but we’ve also gained some genuine insight into life at the top of football. We can’t wait to launch the pod and get the listeners involved in the show.”