Brooks Koepka, 32, tied the knot with his wife Jena Sims, 33, last month on the Turk and Caicos Islands in the Caribbean. During the US Open media session, Brooks was asked about his recent nuptials and was called out by Jena for what he said on Instagram. After being questioned by the press, Brooks opened up about his idyllic wedding. He said: "Jena did all the planning for that, I gave my opinion when necessary." Brooks made sure to add that his wife "did a hell of a job". Having watched the interview at home, Jena rushed to Instagram to jibe at her new husband in front of her 256,000 followers. READ MORE: Heidi Klum, 49, sets pulses racing as she goes topless in ageless pic Along with a picture of the television showing her husband, she added the comment: "Don't lie @bkoepka." The couple tied the knot last month, with the aspiring swimsuit model posting all over Instagram about the day. They wed after a 14-month engagement and celebrated in style, sharing snaps of the pre-wedding glitz. Along with a string of pictures of herself in a gold dress with a thigh high slit, Jena was surrounded by women in white, the night before the wedding. She captioned the post: "We hosted a white party on the beach for all guests the Thursday evening before the big day. "It was everything my Pinterest board dreamed of and then some." She and her beau then exchanged vows the following day, with the rapper Ludacris performing at their beach after party. The newlyweds shared videos of the festivities on Instagram with one clip showing them jumping into the pool arm in arm. DON'T MISS... 'Do miss each other' Pauline Collins on being 'separated' from husband [INSIGHT] Paul Ryder dead: Happy Mondays bassist and Shaun’s brother dies at 57 [DEATH] Loose Women's Coleen Nolan splits from Tinder boyfriend Michael Jones [LATEST] Another Instagram story showed the couple cutting their wedding cake together, with Jena showing off her bridal gown. The actress has even had to take to social media in recent weeks to defend her new husband who has been under criticism for joining LIV golf. Some reports said he was paid $150million to sign up to the controversial Saudi-backed series. Jena posted a screenshot of a message she received, which read: "Good thing you met Broks." She then quickly quipped back: "Agreed". Jena also made sure her fans knew her "love" for her new husband as she penned: "When they are trying to hate but I'm genuinely happy I literally met my husband." It was in fact Jena who instigated the relationship between the pair, with her making the revelation on TikTok. She said in one of her videos: "I am a firm believer in going after what you want - in fact I slid into my now husband's DMs. "That's why I'm submitting for my dream job of Sports Illustrated Swimsuit rookie." She also spoke about her charity work to help make a difference in the world. "Helping people and spreading joy really is my passion and I know that together we can create [an] even more positive impact on the world," she said.