They’re not the only people who worry. Many parents fear their children will be unable to get on the property ladder, and often feel obliged to help out financially. An obvious response is to say that the nation must build more homes, but this is already happening. The price of housing remains high, and there’s little prospect of that changing.  It means we need to consider imaginative ways of helping people to buy, such as the Government’s proposal for long-term mortgages which could be passed from one generation to the next. A 50-year mortgage would allow buyers to purchase a dream home with enough space for all the family, paying back the loan at a pace they can afford. The next generation may not entirely relish the idea of inheriting the debt, but this would happen once they inherited the property and the equity that goes with it. On balance, it would mean that wealth was passed on between generations. Multi-generational households, where adult children live with their parents, and sometimes children of their own, would benefit from such arrangements. Helping children to own a home is increasingly the dream of every parent, and long-term mortgages would make this goal more achievable. It would also provide much-needed help for younger people who are unable or unwilling to access the bank of mum and dad.  READ MORE: Boris Johnson backs 50-year family mortgages Assurances from travel companies that summer holidays can go ahead will be music to the ears of people longing for a well-deserved break. Staff shortages, cancellations and strike threats have left many wondering whether they might be better off staying at home, but firms say they have got to grips with the chaos and there is no need to cancel plans. Many families will be enjoying their first real holiday overseas since the Covid pandemic began, once schools break up later this month. If the travel companies are as good as their word, they will be doing this country and millions of people a great service.  The image of bride Julie Teasdale dancing with the man who received her brother’s heart captures a remarkable moment. It’s sometimes said that a person is never really gone as long as we remember them. John Carter died in 2008 but he is remembered by the man whose life he saved, by his family, and by everyone who is touched by this uplifting story. 