Aries (Mar21/Apr20) Now is the time to join a group and participate in activities that encourage and motivate you. The time you spend on mundane chores or over-done tasks can only leave you feeling exhausted and frustrated. The time you spend with yourself is not wasted because sometimes you should be by yourself to help you relax from the pressures of your day. A partner who values your feelings can bring about an improvement in your relationships. A bit more discipline than usual is needed in money issues. Spending money on indulgences may feel great when it happens, but when you stop, you will realise that there are better things you can accomplish. Taurus (Apr21/May21) You may want to increase your knowledge, talents or experience as great opportunities await discovery. Do not delay. Now is the perfect time to take action. Are you currently in a relationship? Be careful about disclosing too much about your past too soon. If you've been together with your partner for some time, you'll know when to talk about a sensitive topic. Beware of making significant decisions on the 23rd based on gossip and hearsay. The gossip that circulates might be deceiving. Assuming new responsibilities or a new job is an excellent opportunity to earn extra cash. Gemini (May22/June21) The month begins at an intersection. A crucial decision needs to be taken and only you can decide the next steps. You've come a long way but this is just the beginning. It's your choice which path to choose. Don't let anyone affect your decision! your partner or a friend who has a penchant for routines will attempt to hold you back from moving forward. You've let them influence your decisions for far too long and you don't want to remain in a rut while opportunities pass you by. You're ready to be spontaneous and do something bold. Your optimistic outlook and drive to improve yourself will bring cash-making opportunities. Cancer (June22/July23) You can anticipate the future but nothing is guaranteed. It's a matter of preparing yourself for change. Something you've been dreaming about for a while is beginning to take shape and come to fruition. An energy boost is felt when you're in a committed relationship and it will make you feel excited about what's on the horizon for you both. Your partner's love and support can be a huge blessing because they will encourage you to follow your goals. Unexpected cash in the shape of an inheritance or prize could soon be yours. It's time to enjoy the little things, such as friendships, social interactions and having fun. READ MORE: Zodiac: Best holiday destination for each star sign Leo (July24/Aug23) Set a goal and adhere to it. Speed and accuracy are crucial when it comes to family and business matters. In addition, you must be capable of sitting, smiling and unwinding from time to time. You believed that you were able to trust somebody but there's an impression on the 8th that they're not being completely truthful with you. What you hear raises concerns whether they're deliberately hiding certain things from you. Before you make allegations, you have to think about whether you're being honest with someone you care about by simply listening to the rumours. In the area of finances, you'll need to think cautiously. Virgo (Aug24/Sept23) This July's experiences will be profoundly meaningful, and as you look at the facets of your life from different perspectives, you'll feel your perception and understanding grow. If your relationship with a loved one isn't the most exciting, it's possible to change things up. There might have to be a romantic getaway to give you the chance to connect physically and emotionally. There is a need for a change and new challenges in your life. If this involves going back to school, participating in sporting events or embracing an entirely new religious practice, getting out of the rut will be worth it.  Libra (Sept24/Oct23) Sometimes, the most difficult tasks are essential for your learning process. Don't be enticed to cut corners. Get rid of the habit by paying attention to each action now. It's not necessarily easy to accept forgiveness but the ability to let go of past resentments will allow you to move on without emotional baggage. Talk about a painful experience from the past and take time to let go of any pain you feel. Don't allow apathy and inconsiderate people to affect your life or future happiness. July is the month that will help you get back in touch with your power. An intense sense of unity will be evident in close relationships when the month closes. Scorpio (Oct24/Nov22) A rift is brewing as you are caught among a crowd of people who have opposing goals. Do your best to avoid getting involved in the conflict. Keep your ears and eyes open to be aware of any dispute within your vicinity. Be mindful if you feel that an acquaintance isn't telling the truth. Be aware of what's being said about you since whispers are likely to spread and become twisted. Don't get caught up in negative energy and avoid this by staying away from those notorious for their troublemaking. Instead, choose to be with people you love and cherish who will always leave you feeling happy and at peace. You might need to take more control over your spending. READ MORE: Horoscope: Zodiac signs most likely to become billionaires named Sagittarius (Nov23/Dec21) The effort of putting issues with your relationships in order is crucial. However, you shouldn't get so involved that it makes it difficult to stay in touch with the people you love. You might have been so focused on the issues that you've not thought about how much someone depends on you. If your partner doesn't feel like they're as active or adventurous as you. Figure out methods to work together. Your desires and needs may clash, but if you concentrate on them, you'll be able to find the middle ground. Family and friends are critical to your life and play a crucial part in your accomplishments. Capricorn (Dec22/Jan20) A new partnership will be the most challenging. Are you willing to take the risk? If you don't go with your heart, you'll wonder whether you should. Don't believe in what others are telling you, even if they claim that they've got your interests in mind. Follow your heart. Follow your instincts. You're at the edge of a significant life shift. The only thing you need to do is breathe deeply and get going. A few elements of your daily life don't work for you, and you're aware that you'll need to address the issue. Romance can be the cause of some annoyances. Children may be the source of extra expenses when you're a parent. Aquarius (Jan21/Feb19) Your ability to make people feel relaxed and comfortable makes you extremely popular. However, be sure that your colleagues and friends don't start demanding too much of you. Even strangers and friends will often seek out your guidance and assistance. People are impressed by your personality and kindness and you're a significant influence on your friends. However, this comes at a price. You will receive texts and calls throughout the day and at night. Sometimes all this attention can be exhausting. Removing yourself from the spotlight at the end of the month may not only feel relaxing, as you realised that you must create more time to enjoy yourself. Pisces (Feb20/Mar20) Making your own decisions can create a more accessible and healthier path than allowing others to influence your choices and guide you. It's possible to remind someone of the importance of not worrying about their work and other responsibilities constantly. Are you married? A joint commitment can aid you in forming a solid bond that can become more valuable than gold. You're trying to be cautious with your money but it's slipping through your fingers quickly. It's challenging to keep track of expenditures as you just aren't in the mood. You'll be disappointed when you realise that a reckless attitude to money will leave your bank balance in trouble.