Escape to the Chateau fans love to keep up with the latest news over at Dick Strawbridge and Angel Adoree’s 19th-century home in Martigné-sur-Mayenne. When the Channel 4 series is on a break, the couple share updates on their revamping project on their official website. In one clip posted last month, Dick shared a behind-the-scenes filming secret as the couple took fans on a tour of The Chateau’s grounds. Dick and Angel started the video located on top of a crane overlooking their beloved walled garden. The caption read: “Last year in the midst of lockdown we put all our efforts into revamping The Chateau and its grounds, including our beloved walled garden. “So we decided to take you inside the walls to share our favourite family space with you!” “It’s lovely to be with you on a Sunday evening…,” Dick began. Read more: Escape to the Chateau: How old is Dick and Angel's son Arthur? “We’re not actually filming on a Sunday evening. We cheated, the weather this weekend is atrocious. “So it’s a couple days ahead of schedule we’ve decided to give you what we wanted to talk about which is a tour of our garden. “It’s a beautiful evening. The children are with Grandma and Grandad at the minute. “The Chateau has got sunshine on it. Angela and I thought we’d start this slightly differently.” He turned the camera around onto Angel who admitted she was holding on to the side of the crane at all times. Dick explained he and Angel wanted to give fans a tour of their “favourite family space”. He pointed out that an aerial shot was the best way to showcase the area’s beauty. “It needs a bit of love and attention,” Dick admitted. “We haven’t had the time really.” DON'T MISSEscape to the Chateau stars mark kids’ milestone with family pic [INSIGHT]Escape to the Chateau's Dick and Angel tease new 'exciting projects' [INTERVIEW]Dick Strawbridge nationality: Where was Dick Strawbridge born? [INSIGHT] “We have got probably about half of the garden tamed and there’s a lot of things going on,” he continued. Meanwhile, Dick and Angel are currently enjoying a family holiday with their two children Arthur and Dorothy. The Channel 4 show’s official Instagram account shared a photo of the family alongside a quote from the couple who revealed their children had tried snorkelling for the first time. They wrote: “It's most certainly been a busy year and like many, we hope you have some time over the summer to spend it with family. “Although we have never achieved the rumoured 'Two Hour Lunch Break' or 'Month of August Holiday' yet, we continue to believe it will happen!” “But one tradition remains, every year we try and do something new, a first for Arthur and Dorothy,” the post continued. “This year, we are teaching the children to snorkel and like many things, fearless Arthur has taken to it like a fish to water and Dorothy is cheering from the sides after having her feet nibbled on our first venture into the sea!! “Little does she know that people actually pay for this service!" Escape to the Chateau is available to watch on All4.