Novak Djokovic admitted to having a little private moment in front of the mirror to give himself a "pep talk" after going two sets down before beating Jannik Sinner in five sets. Djokovic looked on his way out of Wimbledon after Sinner sensationally took the opening two sets. But he came back from two down for the seventh time in his career in order to progress to the final four. There was a brief stoppage before the start of the third set as the players went off for personal breaks. Sinner would have wanted to recompose himself to get the job done with only one more set needed. Meanwhile, Djokovic was facing a tall order to try and keep his Wimbledon title hopes alive. Djokovic was able to joke about the situation he faced at 2-0 down after his win in his post-match interview on court. And the No 1 seed even shared some details about his personal break after losing the second set. He revealed: "For the first two sets, comparing to the last three, we probably had two different matches. He was the better player for two sets. "I went out, had a little bit of a refreshment, toilet break and a little pep talk in the mirror - it's actually true. Sometimes in this sort of circumstance, where nothing is happening positively for you on court, and the other guy is dominating the play, sometimes these things are necessary."As negative and down you feel on yourself in those moments, even though as fake as it looks or sounds to you, it really gives you an effect and support. A little break and a little pep talk and try to recuperate and regather the thoughts, and reassemble everything that you have, and come at your opponent with the best possible game."I was fortunate to start the third set very well. I broke his serve early in the set and I think that has given me a confidence boost. I saw a little bit of doubt in his game, in his movement, and I guess the experience of playing on this stage for many matches helped me a little bit to deal and cope with the pressure." Prior to the match against Sinner, Djokovic had lost the opening two sets at Wimbledon on nine separate occasions. And he'd won just two of those matches, the last coming in 2015 against Kevin Anderson. It was going to take a monumental effort to believe he was capable of turning things around. But Djokovic got off to the perfect start in the third set when he had a chance to break in Sinner's first service game. The Italian managed to hold, but there was no stopping Djokovic's onslaught in the second service game with Djokovic comfortably going on to win the set. Sinner's confidence appeared to take a hit and Djokovic was unrelenting heading into the fourth, quickly opening up a 4-0 lead before a deciding set was forced. From there, it only looked to be heading one way and Djokovic wasted little time in getting the job done, breaking twice to eventually win 5-7 2-6 6-3 6-2 6-2.