English cyclist Matt Walls had to receive medical attention after a pile-up saw him career into the crowd at Lee Valley VeloPark, causing multiple injuries. The incident occurred in the second heat of the men's 15km scratch race at the Commonwealth Games on Sunday afternoon. Walls won an Olympic gold medal in Tokyo last year, claiming top spot in the omnium. On day three of track cycling at the Commonwealth Games he seemed to come off worst in a horrific pile-up that saw him fly into the crowd. The 24-year-old, who was awarded an MBE earlier this year, was one of multiple riders to receive medical attention. Those on the scene put a screen up around Walls while giving treatment, and several members of the audience were also seen to. With one sprint race left to run, the session was abandoned after the second heavy crash involving English riders in a matter of days. On Saturday Joe Truman was briefly knocked unconscious after a high-speed collision, before being taken away in a wheelchair. According to journalist Laura Scott, Walls' terrifying crash saw one crowd member 'wheeled off covered in blood', with witnesses reportedly stating that those in the front row were unsighted for the crash due to the gradient of the banking. Frightening fan footage captured the severity of the incident, with one initial fall sending a number of trailing riders airborne and Walls into the crowd at high speed.  The Brit, from Oldham, was wheeled out on a stretcher 40 minutes after the initial crash. The incident prompted TV cameras to immediately cut away and no replays were shown. With Walls whisked off to hospital, well-wishes were quick to pour in on social media. "Hoping Matt Walls and the spectators enjoying a fun day out at the velodrome are okay after that… horrific, absolutely horrific," tweeted @Petesmith66. Meanwhile, @LynnCarratt added: "I’ve just witnessed the most horrific crash. Cyclist Matt Walls went off the velodrome track into the crowd, close to were we were sitting with our baby. I’m in shock. My thoughts are with the cyclists. I really hope they’re okay." 