Nick Kyrgios confessed that he hadn't always gone about things "great" in his career after booking a spot in his maiden Grand Slam semi-final at Wimbledon. The 27-year-old said he thought the "ship had sailed" after beating Cristian Garin 6-4 6-3 7-6(5) to reach the last four at the All England Club for the first time ever. Kyrgios was competing in his second Wimbledon quarter-final - eight years after the first - and finally managed to break new ground by beating Garin in two hours and 12 minutes to reach his first Grand Slam semi-final. And the Aussie got candid after the match as he admitted he thought the "window" to reach the last four of a Major had passed him by, following some of his antics earlier in his career. "An amazing atmosphere out here again," he said after collapsing to the ground in an emotional celebration. "I never thought I’d be at a semi-final of a Grand-Slam. I thought my ship had sailed. "I didn’t go about things great in my career and thought I'd missed that window." And the world No 40 said he felt "proud" to have finally reached a career-best result at a Major. JUST IN: Nadal's message to trainer as Spaniard battles injury vs Fritz  The former world No 13 was also asked about his unconventional route in tennis, never having had a full-time coach. And he earned some laughs from the Court 1 crowd as he said: "Definitely, I don’t have a coach, I would never put that burden on someone." But he credited "each and every one" of the members of his team for playing a "very important role". "I feel like nobody knows my tennis better than I do, I've been playing tennis since I was seven," he added. DON'T MISSNadal injury 'very difficult to handle' as Fritz struggles in tieHalep and Rybakina complete Wimbledon women's semi-final lineupBrit Wimbledon doubles star refuses to play after heated Hawk-Eye row  Kyrguos also said he felt he was "playing on the back foot a lot" as he continued: "Got lucky on a couple break points here or it could’ve been easily him standing here so I’ll take that and prepare for my next match." But the world No 40 wasn't ready to think about his maiden semi-final just set, and said the only plans he had for this evening involved a home-cooked meal. "I don’t even wanna think about semi-finals just yet, there’s a lot to be done," he smiled. "I’ll just go back ,my dad will cook us dinner as always and then we’ll eat it." 