Alessia Russo has told England fans not to expect too many repeats of the cunning back-heel goal that was the talking point of the semi-final win against Sweden. The substitute was, as usual, straight into the action and was spoon-fed a golden opportunity by Fran Kirby to add to England’s two-goal lead in the 68th minute. Russo has already scored three times coming off the bench in this tournament but uncharacteristically, this time her shot was weak and too near the goalkeeper, allowing Hegvig Lindahl to save. But, tightly marked by Jonna Andersson as she chased the rebound, she instantly hit a right-foot back-heel shot that threaded the legs of both the defender and the goalkeeper and found its way into the back of the net. “To be honest, I missed the first one, even though we were actually working on cut backs in training the other day. Once it fell back to me I thought ‘what’s the quickest route for me to get this ball in the back of the net?’ MUST READ: England hero Beth Mead cuts short BBC interview after historic Sweden victory at Euro 2022  “Because I should have scored in the first place, I just swung a foot at it and luckily it hit the back of the net. And yeah, of course, to score in a semi-final and progress to the final is a huge highlight of my career. “But I don’t normally score with back-heels and I don’t think you’ll see one again, I’ll take it for now.” Despite her goalscoring exploits, there is little sign that the Maidstone-born 23-year-old will force her way into the starting line-up, with manager Sarina Wiegman going with the same 11 all tournament. Charitably, though, Russo paid credit to her rival for the one striker’s place, Ellen White, for softening up opponents for her. DON'T MISS England 4-0 Sweden: Lionesses roar into Euro 2022 final as Russo nets stunning backheel England's mini-marvel Fran Kirby deserves her Euro 2022 moment after heartache and illness England 4-0 Sweden: Player ratings as Lionesses roar into first final since 2009  “Do I enjoy being a super sub? Haha! I mean I’ll take any time I get to play for England,” Russo said. “It’s been amazing and I’m loving playing for the Three Lions and everyone else. Ellen does a great job at wearing everyone out, as does the whole team, we’re up there in terms of physicality right now. Whenever the chance is there I’ll take it. “I’m loving it so that helps with confidence. I think when you’re enjoying your football you play your best. And maybe my back-heel attempt does show that confidence right now.” 