NHS figures show there are 100,000 more children waiting to be seen by specialist top doctors than a year ago - the highest number since records began. Dr Mike McKean, vice-president for policy at the Royal College of Paediatrics and Child Health (RCPCH), said in some cases the waits can lead to death. And the delays are having a "profound" or "devastating" impact on the quality of young lives. He said: "Children and babies are getting harmed physically and mentally while waiting for surgery. "We do all we can to keep them alive but I do know cases in which these delays have contributed to child deaths." Dr McKean said he was aware of children with congenital heart problems who have become so frail they are wheelchair bound. He also knows of youngsters whose tonsils or adenoids swell to the point it is difficult to breathe. Children with scoliosis - severe and progressive curvatures of the spine - are suffering pain and disability while waiting for back surgery. Others face long delays for surgery to correct conditions that cause loss of hearing. Experts say the hold-ups are allowing conditions to worsen and halting mental and physical development at a critical time of life. Many children can no longer attend school due to their conditions. Dr McKean said: "These delays have profound effects on a child's life, their education and also their parents who may have to give up work to look after them. Paediatricians are working immensely hard, but without further support the workforce will struggle to close these delays." Dr Camilla Kingdon, president of the RCPCH, said: "Ministers must take urgent steps to prioritise care and capitalise on every opportunity to innovate and transform care. "Lengthy waits are unac- ceptable for any patient. But for children and young people, waits can be catastrophic as many treatments need to be given by a specific age or developmental stage. It is not the same as for adults. If you miss the right window to treat a child or wait too long the consequences can be irrevocable."  NHS figures show more than 12,000 children have been in limbo for more than a year for treatment.The number waiting to start treatment with a consultant at the end of April 2022 was 350,969. Half of all youngsters are waiting more than 12 weeks. Only 65.4 percent of patients were seen within 18 weeks, despite the NHS target being 92 percent. Mark Howe, 16, a keen athlete, developed a curvature of the spine 15 months ago. He can no longer do the sports he enjoyed and has been in so much pain he has had to miss school. A year ago he was diagnosed with scoliosis by a private consultant but due to lack of NHS appointments he was not monitored and the curvature has become much more severe. Last week he was given a date for an operation in seven months time - almost two years after his diagnosis. His unnamed father, who lives with his son in Exeter, said: "At times he is in severe pain and he has had to miss school as a result of this. It has stopped him doing the things he loved. It has been a fight all the way to get him the help he needs." Last December, Nako, a 16-year-old boy, was diagnosed with a spinal curvature by a GP remotely due to Covid restrictions. He waited seven months to see a consultant by which time his back had worsened. He was given one physiotherapy appointment, and exercises to do at home. He can no longer sit or walk for prolonged periods. Nako, from Islington, north London, said: "I get very tired and if I walk for too long it starts to hurt. One of my biggest problems is sitting and some of the GCSEs are an hour-and-a-half so this really hurts.  "I could have had surgery much earlier and mentally I feel less confident around friends because of the shape of my back. "I don't want to be in public very often. I try to control it by standing as straight as I can but I have to stop things - for example I haven't gone swimming in a long time because I am so embarrassed." Caroline Freedman, a personal trainer and author of The Scoliosis Handbook, an exercise book for those affected, said: "It's heartbreaking thinking how much pain these children are in, both physically and mentally and how it affects their families." Ms Freedman, who has had three scoliosis operations, added: "Whilst these children are waiting, some of their conditions are progressing. With scoliosis, once the spinal curvature reaches over 50 degrees it can start to fall like a tree and can affect the heart and lungs." A Department for Health and Social Care spokesman said: "We are investing a record £39billion of extra funding into health and care services over the next three years to bust the Covid backlogs and deliver the biggest catch-up programme in the NHS's history. "We are working to increase capacity across elective and diagnostic services for adults and children to ensure all patients can access the care they need as fast as possible. "This includes rolling out new surgical hubs and up to 160 community diagnostic centres across the country - with 91 already open and one million extra scans delivered.We have reduced two-year waits for NHS by two-thirds since January, meaning thousands more people have now accessed vital operations and procedures." An estimated 117,000 patients died last year waiting for care on the NHS, new figures show. A freedom of information request to every NHS trust in England by the Labour Party found there were 34,896 deaths revealed by 67 trusts. Labour said extrapolating the number across all trusts would lead to a death toll of 116,667, double the number of annual waiting list deaths before the pandemic. 