Coleen Nolan, 57, was joined by her son Shane Jr, 33, on Loose Women today as they discussed his fairytale wedding to Maddie Wahdan last weekend. The panellist admitted she was surprised at how "emotional" she was as she revealed the last thing her son asked her to do before he got married. Coleen was the vision of beauty in blue as she was joined by her ex-husband Shane Ritchie, 58, for their eldest son's nuptials. Shane and Maddie have been together for six years and got married at Rushton Hall in Kettering, Northamptonshire. Recalling the weekend antics on Loose Women today, Coleen said: "I knew I'd be emotional on the day. I didn't realise how much I would be. I woke up at 6 and, as soon as I woke up, I wanted to cry. "The second I woke up and he asked me to iron his shirt... and I thought okay, that'll be my last mum duty!" READ MORE: Nadia Sawalha, 57, stuns as she poses in nude in ‘skinny dipping’ shot Coleen then quickly quipped: "As if he's not going to ask me to iron his shirt on the day!" Shane then even admitted he isn't ready to give up his mother yet as she was making him dinner today. This was because his new wife wasn't around to cook, leaving Coleen to continue her motherly duties. At the nuptials, Coleen stunned in an all-blue outfit consisting of a midi dress that fell just below her shoulders. Coleen shared several snaps from the idyllic weekend in view of her 317,000 Instagram followers. She captioned the post: "What can I say… a perfect day and night with family and friends celebrating my gorgeous son @iamshanenolan and now finally my beautiful daughter in Law @maddiewahdan's wedding day. "I laughed and CRIED a lot.. a day I’ll never forget! Love you all." Co-workers and social media users rushed to the comments to compliment and congratulate the Nolans. DON'T MISS... Britney Spears, 40, showcases amazing figure in NUDE swimming snaps [PICS] Alex Scott admits she puts 'on an act' as she addresses her struggles [COMMENT] Chris Stuart dead: BBC Radio 2 DJ dies aged 73 [DEATH] Ruth Langsford said: "Most beautiful Mother of the Groom. Hope you have waterproof mascara on!!" Jane Moore added: "You all look gorgeous." Social media user Leannechicx commented: "You look so beautiful @coleen_nolan. "Wishing Maddie and Shane all the happiness in the world, may all their troubles be little ones x x." Bestgirl1971 added: "Just stunning, What a perfect day to remember. Sending lots and lots of love." Coleen's sisters Denise, 70, Anne, 71, Maureen, 68, and Linda, 63, were all in attendance. Shane popped the question on Christmas Eve during a family game of charades. The proposal was originally going to take place in Kent but Covid restrictions meant Coleen got to see it happen at the Christmas event. You can watch Loose Women on ITV every weekday from 12.30pm