Most houseplants can tolerate a few days of absence during the summer months without suffering too much. However, according to the Royal Horticultural Society (RHS), absences of more than a week long “call for some creative measures” to provide “valuable moisture” in the right quantity. All houseplants benefit from watering, especially during the summer months when they are in active growth. This doesn’t include cacti and succulents which can tolerate longer periods of time without water. The RHS explained: “In the case of short absences during the summer, giving plants a thorough watering before going away may be sufficient. “Moving them to a cooler room or away from a bright window prevents them drying out. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans share ‘cheap’ hack to unblock drains “For longer absences special measures can be taken to prevent the plant from suffering or dying. “These are based on providing a reservoir of water for the plant to draw on.” The RHS recommended using the wick method, which is useful for large single pot plants. Gardeners can use a large container to hold water, and a piece of capillary matting as a wick. DON'T MISS:How to stop house flies from causing ‘havoc’ in your home [COMMENT]Use newspaper to ‘stop weed growth’ completely - ‘cheap and effective’ [INSIGHT]Kettles: Limescale can make bills ‘higher’ - cheapest way to clean [EXPERT] The RHS experts added: “Insert one end of the wick into the reservoir and tuck the other end into the plant pot. “This will enable the plant to draw on the water reserves in the reservoir.” The capillary matting method can be used for collections of smaller pot plants, although it may not work with pots that have broken crocks in the bottom. To use this method, place a sheet of capillary matting on the kitchen sink draining board or a suitable surface next to the bath. READ MORE: I cleaned my greasy air fryer using Mrs Hinch fans’ £1 cleaning tip The RHS explained: “Drape one end of the matting into the sink or bath, which is filled with water. “Plants should be grouped on the wet matting, ensuring they make good contact with it by pressing them down slightly. “Clay pots need a thorough watering first for them to start drawing up water from the mat.” For short-term absences, a clear plastic bag can be placed over houseplants, making sure it is sealed. According to the plant experts, this allows water vapour to be collected and recycled by the plant. The RHS added: “Keep the sides of the bag out of contact with the plant by supporting the bag with canes. “Use self-watering containers…these containers have built-in reservoir systems. “They are best suited to plants that need moisture year-round and do not mind being grown permanently in moist conditions.” Plants can also be temporarily re-potted into reservoir pots if needed. There can however, be problems with these types of methods, including water logging. This can result in rot such as grey mould. If going away for longer than a couple of weeks, the RHS recommended arranging for a trusted neighbour, friend or relative to water the houseplants.