When Erik ten Hag left Ajax to join Manchester United, the Dutch side were always going to be expecting a raid from their former boss. After initially expressing interest in Jurrien Timber, Ten Hag is now choosing between Lisandro Martinez and Antony with a move for both stars off the table. Ten Hag would prefer to sign Martinez this summer over a move for Antony, according to The Telegraph. United have been chasing both stars already during this transfer window, with bids reportedly being rejected for both stars by Ajax already. With their valuation high, it's not possible for United to sign both players, meaning that Ten Hag would prefer to bring Martinez to Old Trafford this summer. Ajax have quoted United £68million for Antony, which is £17m more than the reported offer that the Red Devils have already tabled for the Brazilian. But United's focus remains on beating Arsenal to the signing of Martinez, as defensive reinforcements are being prioritised while hijacking a rival is an added bonus. READ MORE: Frenkie de Jong may already have Haaland issue as he plans arrival  It is thought that Antony would welcome a move to Manchester, and the 22-year-old even hinted to Ten Hag when saying his goodbyes that he would always 'be there if he needs him'. But that decision is so far being taken out of his hands by Ajax, who are keen to keep Antony at the club. Ajax have already let Sebastien Haller, Ryan Gravenberch and Noussair Mazraoui this summer, and are under no pressure to let more stars leave Amsterdam. But Antony is valued higher than Martinez, meaning that if one of the pair is to leave it is likely to be the defender.  DON'T MISS: Man Utd 'open' to Cristiano Ronaldo transfer due to Erik ten Hag (TRANSFERS)Chelsea Cristiano Ronaldo talks 'continue' but Tuchel could veto raid (NEWS)Cristiano Ronaldo’s four demanded signings for Man Utd examined (ANALYSIS) United face a battle with Arsenal for his signature, with the Gunners also looking to strengthen in defence. Despite the fact that Martinez is a little on the small side for a centre-back, his versatility and potential is overriding any doubts as both Mikel Arteta and Ten Hag see him as a useful asset. Arsenal's summer window has already been considerably better than United's, with the Red Devils making just the one signing in Tyrell Malacia, while letting 11 first team stars leave. Signing Martinez or Antony would certainly be a good start, but there is an awful lot of work to do for Ten Hag. 