The cost of living crisis is affecting everyone - but pensioners and those on a low income are struggling the most. However, there is financial support available to them. Underclaimed benefits are a huge problem in the UK, with nearly three and a half (3.4) million missing out on Attendance Allowance worth up to £370 a month. Unfortunately, older people tend to feel there is still a stigma attached to claiming benefits while others struggle with the overly complicated paperwork. Some just don’t know their health condition entitles them to this extra help from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). Pensioners are the most likely group of Britons to be missing out on state benefits from the DWP, according to Age UK. READ MORE: HSBC UK increases interest rates as bank unveils changes Attendance Allowance is paid to people who have reached state pension age if they need help around the home. However, they don’t need to have a full time carer to qualify. Successful claimants must have needed help for at least six months unless they are terminally ill. Up to 56 health conditions mean Britons automatically qualify for Attendance Allowance including arthritis and back pain. DON'T MISSState pensioners describe struggle to get by in retirement [INSIGHT]State pension warning: Britons could 'lose out' with NI rule change [WARNING]Nadhim Zahawi urged to free Britons from £6bn pension tax burden [ALERT]'I had a breakdown' Pensioner devastated as she loses £125,000 [WARNING] The DWP says 56 health conditions qualify for Attendance Allowance: READ MORE: I had a breakdown' Pensioner devastated as she loses £125,000 Older Britons often cite overcomplicated forms for not claiming all the DWP benefits they are entitled to. A pensioner from Nottinghamshire said “you have to be on death’s door” to qualify for Attendance Allowance. She is just one of a number of pensioners who have said they are frustrated that the benefits system isn’t more straightforward. Express.co.uk has come up with eight tips for filling in the Attendance Allowance claim form: