And yes, it’s ludicrous. Some of these people aren’t even known in their own constituency. In what universe does Rehman Chishti, who has spent his 12 years as a backbench MP in well-merited obscurity (until he was made a Foreign Office minister in last week’s chaos) think the nation is waiting to acclaim him as our next PM? In reality, most of the candidates know they can’t win. They’re standing because they think they will make sure of a Cabinet job under whoever is finally victorious. But once you’ve stopped laughing at the idea of some of them becoming prime minister, there is a significant and deeper point to the variety of names putting themselves forward. Of the dozen MPs so far declared, eight are from ethnic minorities – including front runner Rishi Sunak, as well as a number of others who can reasonably expect to end up on the final ballot paper. And of the four women, three are also serious contenders. It is, in other words, a truly diverse list – and naturally so, without any quotas or prescriptive rules about the numbers who must make up any contest. There is nothing tokenistic about this list. What a contrast with Labour. That party has still to elect its first female leader, let alone someone from an ethnic minority. Labour talks a good game about diversity but when push comes to shove, its record is lamentable. It puts me in mind of a phrase of Iain Macleod, the Conservative politician who died tragically at 56, a month after being appointed Chancellor of the Exchequer in 1970: “Liberals dream their dreams. Labour scheme their schemes. We have a job to do.” He meant that the Tories are at their best when they ally pragmatism and experience and simply get on with things – a lesson the next party leader would do well to remember. All too often so-called progressives caricature Conservatives, both MPs and party members, as closet racists. On Friday, for example, one well-known QC – who seems to spend most of his time parading his supposed moral superiority on social media – posted a tweet to Rishi Sunak asking: “Do you think the members of your Party are ready to select a brown man, Rishi?” Quite apart from the revolting behaviour in sending such a message to a “brown man”, it was breathtaking in its arrogant idiocy – and all too typical of a certain mindset. For the record, the last three Conservative Chancellors have been Nadhim Zahawi, Rishi Sunak and Sajid Javid – who was also the first brown Home Secretary, followed by the second, Priti Patel. As for the first ethnic minority PM – that was the Jewish Benjamin Disraeli, also a Conservative. The contrast with Labour’s penchant for quotas and diktats around minorities is striking. The Tory approach is based on aspiration and freedom rather than the idea that minorities need to be catered to as special interest group, whereas Labour can’t see an ethnic minority without wanting a quota. Intriguingly, this is one of the themes that Kemi Badenoch has spoken about for years. The former Equalities Minister has emerged in the past few days as the outsider most likely to cause an upset – yesterday winning the important backing of heavyweight Michael Gove. As a black woman who has spent much of her time as an MP dissecting the progressive mantras which are the cause of so many problems in society, she represents everything the modern left loathes. That’s one reason why she is rapidly gaining support in the leadership contest. More importantly, Ms Badenoch comes across as a breath of fresh air – a confident, thoughtful and charismatic woman with the ideas and breadth of learning to chart our nation’s path through the next decade. She’s not the only one who has the capacity to succeed – Rishi Sunak has also always had the political “X Factor”, and Tom Tugendhat comes over superbly well and has been a siren voice on the subject of Russia and China. For me, however, Kemi Badenoch is the number one choice. She is clear and persuasive on all the key issues – and her analysis is always correct. The next Conservative leader should be chosen on the basis of what they would do and how they would govern, not because they would send Labour into apoplexy. But if the Tories do choose Ms Badenoch, the disruption of Labour’s quotadriven approach to ethnic minorities would certainly be a bonus.