Boris Johnson was forced into a chaotic reshuffle on Tuesday night after potential leadership rivals Rishi Sunak quit as Chancellor and Sajid Javid resigned as Health Secretary. In scathing remarks, Mr Javid said voters believed the Government was neither competent nor “acting in the national interest”, while Mr Sunak said Britain deserved an administration that is run “properly, competently and seriously”.  According to reports, Mr Johnson had wanted Liz Truss as Chancellor but Mr Zahawi forced his hand by threatening to join the rebellion and quit if he was not given the job at No 11. Reacting to the reports, Mr Farage spoke to Dan Wootton on GB News and said: “I am disappointed in the extreme that I thought Zahawi was one of those who could replace Boris Johnson. “I thought Zahawi had principles. Tonight we learned he's just about climbing that greasy pole as so many of them are. “Very disappointed.   “Apart from Jeremy Corbyn, I did more than anybody to help Boris Johnson become leader of the Conservative Party. “So I wanted this Government to succeed, especially, not just getting Brexit done, but with actually reaping some of the benefits and rewards from it. “I have been deeply disappointed. “What just gets me down are the constant lies, the drip of lies.” READ MORE: Have Your Say: What should we do about soaring food product prices?  Having served in various junior ministerial posts, Mr Zahawi success as Vaccines Minister saw him promoted to Education Secretary in Boris Johnson's last reshuffle. Responding to Mr Javid's resignation, the PM told the former Health Secretary he was “sorry” to receive his letter and suggested his Government would “continue to deliver” plans for the NHS. DON'T MISS:Royal Family LIVE: Meghan and Harry ‘relegated’ in Firm shake-upPrince George could claim royal height accolade thanks to William UK weather: Downpours pave way for glorious sunshine The twin resignations of Mr Javid and Mr Sunak means Mr Johnson's position remains perilous, but cabinet ministers including Dominic Raab, Liz Truss, Michael Gove, Therese Coffey and Ben Wallace indicated they would be staying in the Government and still support the PM.