Josep Borrell Fontelles, the High Representative of the EU for Foreign Affairs and Security policy said on Twitter that such actions are “yet another flagrant violation of UA sovereignty”. He added that the move is part of “Russia’s illegal war” and “the EU will not recognise these passports”. Russia’s declarations on May 25 and 30 simplified the process of obtaining Russian citizenship and the issuing of Russian passports to Ukrainian citizens. The processes are designed for Ukrainian residents in Kherson and Zaporizhzhia which are two regions currently under Russian military control following their occupation. The issuing of citizenships and passports also applies to Ukrainian children who are without parental care and those who are classified legally incapacitated who are from Donetsk, Luhansk, Kherson and Zaporizhzhia. The High Representative of the European Union has strongly condemned such actions from Russia and the EU “will not recognise these passports, issued as part of Russia’s war of aggression against Ukraine.” Other actions from Russia can be seen as an attempt to forcefully integrate the regions of Ukraine with Russia by forcing the Russian language and Russian currency to be used in the institutions and the regions. The statement from Mr Fontelles stated: “The European Union strongly condemns any attempts by Russia to replace democratically elected and legitimate Ukrainian administrations. “The European Union also condemns the attempts to introduce the Russian rouble as a parallel currency to the Ukrainian hryvnia as well as the attempts to impose Russian curricula and education materials and change the language of tuition in schools in those…regions which are currently under the illegal control of invading Russian armed forces.” READ MORE: Next PM warned of ‘catastrophic mistake’ in rejoining single market The statement continued: “Any attempts to alter the status of parts of Ukrainian territory are a clear violation of international law, the UN Charter and Ukraine’s Constitution, they further undermine sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine, and will not be recognised by the European Union.” The EU has vowed to hold Russian leadership accountable for the breaches of international law and international humanitarian law. It added that its full support continues to stand with Ukraine and for Ukraine’s territorial integrity and sovereignty and urged the Russian Federation to withdraw all troops and military equipment from the internationally recognised borders of Ukraine. DON'T MISS:Pope resignation: Francis rules out return to Argentina (INSIGHT)Another 100 people reach Kent by boats as crossings resume (REVEAL)Biden looks wobbly as he touches down in Israel - VIDEO (VIDEO) The UK Ministry of Defence released an intelligence update on July 13 which stated: “Russia continues to seek to undermine the legitimacy of the Ukrainian state and consolidate its own governance and administrative control over occupied parts of Ukraine. “Recently this has included an initiative to twin Russian and Ukrainian cities and regions to develop post-conflict administrations and a decree to make it easier for Ukrainians to obtain Russian citizenship.”