Arsenal do have an interest in signing Bayern Munich star Serge Gnabry this summer, according to reports. The Gunners were keen on Leeds winger Raphinha but the Brazilian prefers a move to Barcelona. Gnabry has just 12 months remaining on his contract at Bayern. Therefore the Bundesliga club may be willing to let him leave for a cut-price fee. The German spent five years at Arsenal between 2011 and 2016 and played alongside current Gunners boss Mikel Arteta. And, according to 90min, Arsenal are interested in bringing the 26-year-old back to north London. The report says Arsenal are keeping an eye on Gnabry's situation at the Allianz Arena. There is a standoff between Gnabry and Bayern over a new contract. READ MORE: Leeds close in on sealing £32m replacement for Kalvin Phillips as Man City medical set  Arsenal could look to take advantage and lure the player back to the club. Bayern have admitted Gnabry may have to be sold in this window if a contract cannot be sorted. Director Hasan Salihamidzic has been quoted as saying to Sky Sport Germany: "We really want to keep him. I hope that he chooses Bayern. If a player doesn't want to decide for the club, then we can find a solution that makes everyone happy." Gnabry made 18 appearances for Arsenal in his first spell at the Emirates, scoring just one goal. But he has always been open with his fondness for the club since his departure. He scored 14 Bundesliga goals for Bayern last season despite making just 25 starts, registering five assists. Arteta is clearly looking to add more firepower to his attacking options. DON'T MISSTottenham doctors 'preparing another medical' as Antonio Conte has staff on overtimeMan Utd owners the Glazers could be about to give Erik ten Hag three new leadersMan Utd face further transfer snub as Bayern Munich 'make first bid' for Red Devils target  Arsenal were seemingly at the front of the queue to sign Raphinha last week. However, Chelsea stepped in and agreed a fee with Leeds before Barca made their move. Gnabry would provide a versatile option for Arteta, with the ability to play on both wings. He scored more league goals for Bayern last term than any current Arsenal player managed in all competitions. Arsenal rely heavily on their attackers to score the bulk of their goals, with their midfield rarely helping out in that regard. Arsenal are set to announce the signing of Gabriel Jesus imminently. However, it is clear Arteta is not finished there with his summer transfer plans. And Gnabry could now be targeted following the failure to agree a deal for Raphinha.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here