John Dutton star Kevin Costner and the rest of the Yellowstone cast are currently filming the fifth season of the Paramount Network drama in Montana, USA. Fans are on tenterhooks to see what lies ahead for the Dutton clan, especially after Beth Dutton (played by Kelly Reilly) blackmailed adoptive brother Jamie (Wes Bentley) to be firmly under John’s thumb again. However, could there be a deadly twist on its way involving Monica Dutton (Kelsey Asbille). Heading into season five, it’s safe to say things are up in the air in regards to Monica and Kayce Dutton’s (Luke Grimes) marriage. Not only did Avery (Tanaya Beatty) return to make her feelings for Kayce known, but a Native American vision quest seemed to make the youngest of John’s children question their relationship. The stage, therefore, looks set for Monica and Kayce to face their biggest challenge to their romance yet, but could it result in her exit? Or in an even darker twist, could Monica die? A social media post from leading star Costner has been inundated with fans thinking this twist could - and to some, should - lie ahead. READ MORE: Yellowstone’s Kelly Reilly pays tribute to star despite on-screen feud The post in question saw Costner celebrate the news that Yellowstone had been renewed for a fifth run earlier this year. “What do you want to happen in season 5? #YellowstoneTV,” Costner put to his 877k followers, alongside a cowboy emoji. While hundreds of fans shared their hopes, such as a love interest for John or an unlikely alliance between Beth and Jamie, many took aim at Monica. Instagram user and Yellowstone fan @a_scaccetti simply pleaded: “PLEASE write off Monica!!!!!” While @royal_poppycakes listed their predictions: “1. No more Monica. 2. see Kacey’s vision. 3. Carter to be accepted as a son (adopted possibly) by Rip and Beth.” Elsewhere, @blancaisela_a sympathised: “Poor Monica but I’m done. I love Casey though.” And @buster0705 detailed: “John needs to find a true love in his life - that Beth won’t like, of course! “And Monica - well, she needs to exit the show! Kayce needs to take some time before he picks his new Mrs. Rip and Beth need to accept Finn.” DON'T MISS:Yellowstone season 5: Will Jamie Dutton kill Christina and get son?Yellowstone's Kevin Costner rules out major John Dutton storyline1883’s Isabel May opens up on feeling ‘miserable’ during tough shoot Costner’s follower @chill1959 also added: “Not so long between seasons and episodes to last longer. Agree about Monica leaving for good.” While @ninamazzali simply put: “Monica can die or Casey could marry someone else.” (Sic) With so many fans tipping an exit, could the Yellowstone writers adhere to their pleas? Fans will have to wait until season five arrives to find out for sure but in the meantime, it sounds like Asbille isn’t going anywhere. In fact, during shooting for the fifth season, Asbille has spoken out about her character and the storyline facing Monica and Kayce. “I think Monica has always been trying to have a foot in both worlds. “Even if that’s really not what makes her happy. For her to finally confront Kayce and say, ‘Look, I’m not surviving here.’ And for him to step up and move away from the ranch is a really powerful moment. “I think it doesn’t necessarily mean it leads to a happy ending, but they’re committed,” she told Showbiz Cheat Sheet. Yellowstone season 5 premieres on the Paramount Network in the USA on November 13. A UK release date is yet to be announced.