Tottenham new boy Richarlison incredibly appeared to aim a punch at a Sevilla player during a feisty exchange between the two sets of players. A 1-1 draw between the Premier League and La Liga clubs was overshadowed by a couple of flare-ups. Fresh footage of an incident after the half-time whistle appears to show £50million signing Richarlison aiming a punch in the direction of a Sevilla player. Stars from the Spanish side were incensed after Son Heung-min caught Gonzalo Montiel to leave him with a bloodied mouth. The incident happened just prior to the interval, with Montiel attempting to tackle Ryan Sessegnon. The defender then ran into Son, who inadvertently elbowed the Argentine. Sevilla players rushed to confront Son a few minutes later as the referee brought to an end a tense but goalless first half. Son’s team-mate Richarlison got involved in the debacle and a video now appears to show him aiming a fist at an opposition player. JUST IN: Arsenal may be about to spend another £77m as Gunners 'optimistic' The Brazilian rushed to defend his fellow striker but tensions boiled over. Richarlison had to be held back by Cristian Romero. Pictures showed at least seven Spurs players involved in the tussle as the teams headed towards the tunnel at half-time. Son and Richarlison eventually left the situation alone and returned to the dressing room. Both sides failed to score in the first half of the game, which was being played in Son’s home country of South Korea. Harry Kane opened the scoring six minutes into the second half but Ivan Rakitic equalised soon after. DON'T MISS...Mourinho's surprise Djed Spence request before Tottenham transferConte warned Tottenham new boy could become a 'problem' amid Kane testManchester United tell Eriksen and Martinez to 'stay at home' Richarlison is one of five new confirmed signings at Spurs this summer, with the North Londoners strongly backing boss Antonio Conte. The club have qualified for the Champions League for the first time since 2019 and are keen to compete on both European and domestic fronts. The 25-year-old has been signed from Everton after helping the Toffees secure their Premier League status last term. He scored 11 goals across all competitions as Everton remained in the top-flight despite a dismal campaign. Richarlison has already been banned for the first game of the Premier League season. After scoring for Everton in a 1-0 win over Chelsea in May, the forward picked up a lit flare and chucked it towards the crowd. He was fined £25,000 for the incident. Ivan Perisic, Fraser Forster, Clement Lenglet and Yves Bissouma have also arrived at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium this summer. Spurs are also expected to confirm the arrival of 21-year-old wing-back Djed Spence from Middlesbrough.