Prime Minister Boris Johnson is under fire from all directions — including from within his own Cabinet — as his future in Number 10 looks increasingly doubtful. The resignations of former Health Secretary Sajid Javid and former Chancellor Rishi Sunak have sparked an exodus of ministers from Government. Many backbench MPs and other ministers have similarly deserted the Prime Minister, and various reports now suggest that his Cabinet is preparing to tell him it is over. Mr Johnson has been involved in a number of scandals in recent months, including partygate, his handling of the cost of living crisis, and more recently his claims surrounding allegations of groping against Chris Pincher, whom the Prime Minister appointed as deputy chief whip while aware of them. The Prime Minister has not only angered his colleagues and the public during his time in politics, as it has been reported on a number of occasions that he has also rubbed Prince Charles up the wrong way. In 2019, Charles invited Mr Johnson to visit him at his home after visiting Her Majesty. At the time, the Daily Mail reported that "eyebrows were raised" in the meeting as royal staff thought Mr Johnson had disrespected the heir to the throne. One source said: "Let’s just say that the Prime Minister was not focused on the meeting with the Prince of Wales in a way one might expect. "The Prince of Wales is used to meeting all sorts of people but among the aides, there was a feeling definitely that during the Birkhall meeting with Boris Johnson, he wasn’t being afforded the respect you might argue that he deserves as a senior public figure who works very hard for the country. "The Prince wasn’t kicking up a fuss about it. It was more the staff who felt sorry on his behalf. "The next time they met, it was sort of quashed. Things have got better, but they have never been what you might call the best of friends." More recently, Charles and Mr Johnson clashed over immigration. After the Government reached an agreement with Rwanda for the country to receive certain asylum seekers who had reached the UK, Charles was reported to have branded the policy “appalling”. A source told The Times: “[Charles] said he was more than disappointed at the policy. “He said he thinks the government’s whole approach is appalling. It was clear he was not impressed with the government’s direction of travel.” READ MORE: John McEnroe blasted Royal Family’s role at Wimbledon in furious rant  A spokesperson for Clarence House said: “We would not comment on supposed anonymous private conversations with the Prince of Wales, except to restate that he remains politically neutral. Matters of policy are decisions for Government.” After the comments emerged, Mr Johnson declared that he was willing to defend the policy. In June, he said he would be demanding his critics “keep an open mind about the policy." He continued: “If I am seeing the prince tomorrow, I am going to be making that point.” Mr Johnson has also had his fair share of tense moments with the Queen. Earlier this year, he was forced to apologise to Her Majesty after it emerged staff parties had been taking place in Downing Street the night before the funeral of her late husband Prince Philip. DON'T MISSPrince Charles school: Where future King went to school and alumni [INSIGHT]Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall is beautiful in blue for latest outing [ANALYSIS]Prince Charles arrives at BBC in Wales days after independence protest [INSIGHT] In 2019, he has to apologise to the Queen after the Supreme Court ruled his decision to prorogue Parliament was unlawful. A Number 10 source told the Sunday Times: “He got on to the Queen as quickly as possible to say how sorry he was.” According to the paper, there were concerns in the Queen’s household over the parliamentary shut down, even before the Supreme Court ruling. A Whitehall source added: “They are not impressed by what is going on — at the very highest levels of the family."