In July 2021, Penguin Random House announced they were "honoured" to be publishing Prince Harry's upcoming "intimate and heartfelt" memoir. No official details have been announced for its release, although it was originally expected in "late 2022". Earlier this month, royal insiders were apparently surprised that the memoir did not feature on a list of the publisher's upcoming books, leading to speculation of a push-back in the release date. Speaking on the latest episode of Royally Us, hosts Christina Garibaldi and Christine Ross discussed Harry's bombshell memoir and speculated if the book is set to have an impromptu release, Beyonce-style. Ms Ross said: "I'm surprised we haven't seen any more details on this." Ms Garibaldi agreed by saying: "It is very surprising. Who knows, maybe they'll pull a Beyonce and just drop the book and that'll be it". Ms Ross joked: "With a bunch of music videos along with it". Ms Garibaldi stated that J.R. Moehringer, co-author of Andre Agassi's autobiography, Open, reportedly "finished Prince Harry's manuscript this summer". READ MORE: Prince Harry and Meghan Markle 'chagrined, annoyed and angry' after royals close ranks She added: "A publishing source told The Sun the manuscript has been finished and gone through all the legal processes', adding that "it's done and out of Harry's hands". She also stated that the source claimed that the release date is "on track for the end of the year", although she added that we do just know that "it's coming" because no official date has been released. Ms Ross added: "It's interesting because most of the books that are coming out at the end of the year, they've had, you know, press releases and cover reveals and things like that." She did also state that due to Harry's high profile, the book will, no doubt, "sell itself" and that "it's not like they'll have to do a marketing push" to grant sales. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan steps in as Harry 'worried sick' he will spark 'war' with Firm In his official release statement, posted previously on Penguin's website, Harry said: “I’m writing this not as the prince I was born but as the man I have become." He claimed that the book will document the "highs and lows, the mistakes, the lessons learned". Harry added: "I’m deeply grateful for the opportunity to share what I’ve learned over the course of my life so far and excited for people to read a firsthand account of my life that’s accurate and wholly truthful.” DON'T MISS Kate and William argued over 'divisive' Prince George appearance [REPORT] Prince William issues rare personal message to England's Lionesses [REVEAL] Anne puts Kate and Wills to shame as she attends 9 engagements in days [REPORT] Harry and Meghan made the decision to step down as senior royals in 2020. They claimed their decision came after "many months of reflection and internal discussions". They now reside in the US with their two young children, Archie Harrison, and Lilibet Diana. READ NEXT: