The Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors (Rics) said today (July 14) some 27 percent of professionals reported a fall in interest for potential house hunters. It is the third month in a row where interest from new buyers slipped back in a sign the property market boom is ending. Mark Wiggin, of the eponymously named Shropshire estate agents, told The Telegraph: "The market has definitely turned. Fall-throughs and renegotiations are now taking place." London appeared to be more resilient with seven percent of professionals in the capital reporting an uptick in inquiries in the past month. Despite demand in the housing market cooling, the direction of house prices was upwards, with 65 percent of professionals reporting an increase. Rics attributes this to a lack of available properties for buyers to choose from.  It adds survey participants also say market appraisals are broadly unchanged compared to 12 months ago, suggesting the tight supply backdrop is unlikely to shift drastically in the near future. The 65 percent of professionals seeing prices rising is lower than April's high of 78 percent, but remains comfortably above the 13 percent long-term average, according to Rics. Looking further out, 37 percent foresee prices continuing to climb over the next 12 months, although this is down compared with the high of 78 percent seen in February. For properties priced between £500,000 and £1million, 39 percent are seeing the sales price beat the asking price while for those listed at more than £1million, selling prices are typically coming in slightly below the asking price on balance, Rics' report says.  READ MORE ABOUT POLICE EXAMINING A MADELEINE MCCANN SUSPECT It adds rents are also expected to rise due to the continued imbalance between supply and demand. A Glasgow based surveyor quoted in the report said: "The inevitable reaction to the squeeze on household budgets and rise in mortgage rates has arrived." Another professional, based in Cornwall, said: "Sales are still good, however it definitely feels like some of the heat has gone from the market." Rics chief economist Simon Rubinsohn said: "Although buyer inquiries have predictably slipped a little of late, this needs to be placed in the context of the healthy level of demand in previous months. "A probably even more striking aspect of the latest report is the concern being voiced about the rental market."  DON'T MISS: BBC’s Countryfile faces review following complaints [REVEALED] Penny Mordaunt’s uncovered views on ‘s**t-faced’ British public [LATEST] Farage throws weight behind Tory he believes will 'complete Brexit' [REPORT] Jonathan Hale, Head of Government Affairs for the UK an Ireland at Rics, added: "The latest survey points to a further decline in housing availability and rents in the lettings sector show no signs of falling." Some 36 percent of professionals reported an increase in tenant demand, while 11 percent saw a fall in the number of new landlord instructions. Fifty-two percent predicted rents will rise over the coming three months. Rics' report comes three days after property advisers Savills said the prices of prime properties in cities are now rising faster than top-end homes in rural areas. Savills said locations, including York, Bristol and Winchester, are also becoming more popular with downsizers trading in countryside properties.  It said following the "race for space" seen since the start of the Covid pandemic - with buyers snapping up homes in countryside and coastal locations - the distribution of house price growth is beginning to change with a rebalancing of the housing market also being seen as employees return to offices. Savills' report looked at prime properties which are roughly the top five percent of homes by house price. It found annual price growth in well-connected urban markets was seven percent, compared with 6.7 percent in surrounding areas. Frances McDonald, research analyst at Savills, said: "Following two years of unprecedented growth in the UK's prime regional markets, the market has started to readjust and price growth is softening.  "However, the slowdown is driven by lower levels of price growth in markets which saw the highest level of buyer demand over the course of the pandemic, rather than price falls. "The lure of urban living is also becoming more popular with downsizers - who recognise the opportunity to sell into a market where demand hugely exceeds supply, and are keen to trade in country pads in exchange for properties in cities such as York, Bristol or Winchester. "As a result, we can expect to see regional urban markets perform more strongly over the second half of the year." 