Carlos Sainz was left angry and disappointed after a group of Barcelona supporters tried to get him to sign one of the club’s shirts. The Ferrari driver is famously a diehard fan of the Blaugrana’s biggest rivals Real Madrid and refused to sign the top. The Spaniard was driving around in Italy when he was approached by fans for signatures and photographs. He was initially obliging until one offered him a 2017 Messi strip to add his name to. The 27-year-old responded in Spanish that he would not be signing it before turning around in disgust and driving away. Those in attendance chanted ‘Forza Barca’ as he disappeared off. The video received a huge response on Twitter and received over 47,000 likes after being viewed over 3.2m times. The Sainz family are historically huge fans of Los Blancos with Sainz senior being made an honorary club member after his successful rallying career. The Ferrari star was born in Madrid and grew up supporting the club. He has regularly been seen wearing the La Liga champions strip. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton declares love for Sebastian Vettel after retirement Sainz is currently enjoying a solid season at Ferrari and sits fourth in the World Driver’s Championship on 144 points. However, the year could have been much better for him had he not suffered severe reliability issues. He has already suffered four DNFs, including a spectacular engine blow-up in Austria. His troubles forced him to start from the back of the grid during last weekend’s French Grand Prix as he passed the limit for engines used. He would have been the favourite to take victory in the race had he not suffered this issue, especially after teammate Charles Leclerc crashed off after a silly mistake on lap 18. Instead, he now trails former Toro Rosso colleague Max Verstappen by 89 points, all but ruling himself out of a chance for the title despite driving a car that is arguably the class of the field when it is working. DON'T MISSSebastian Vettel fires parting warning to Verstappen and Hamilton [INSIGHT]Lando Norris explains why he follows Lewis Hamilton's lead [ANALYSIS]Ferrari plan to 'protest' FIA rule that Hamilton and Russell will love [COMMENT] However, Sainz has enjoyed some huge highs this season, particularly his race win in the British Grand Prix at Silverstone. It was his first ever victory in the sport coming on his 149th start. Sainz will be hoping to achieve the second win of his career at this weekend’s Hungarian Grand Prix. The race will be the last before the sport takes its four-week long summer break before returning for the Belgian Grand Prix at the end of August.