John McEnroe has pleaded with BBC presenter Sue Barker to reconsider her retirement from Wimbledon this year and has asked her to carry on presenting the SW19 tournament for one more year. Barker was emotional as she was introduced to the Centre Court stage at Wimbledon on Sunday by McEnroe in what she described as an “off-script” moment. The two were joined by tennis legend Billie Jean King ahead of the first match of the day, as McEnroe was introduced by Barker as “the naughty boy” for his comments that came as a surprise to the host. “No, no, that was deserved,” McEnroe said. “We couldn’t do one more year?! You are unbelievable.” Barker hosted her first Wimbledon for the BBC in 1993 and has fronted the coverage ever since. She was the first woman to be the lead presenter for a major sporting event on the BBC, and during her retirement announcement in June admitted she “would miss it terribly”. Jean King also paid tribute to Barker. "You are the very best ever,” she said. “I want everybody out there to know that. I am really upset that you are leaving because you know the game more than anybody and know the people more than anybody. JUST IN: 'Ashamed to be British' Wimbledon fans cringe at Cliff Richard "You have the appreciation and you just get it. Thank you for everything. Every time you are on television I get up out of my chair and stomp around. I can't believe you are leaving us." This was not the first time McEnroe has urged Barker to stay on with the BBC, as he and Tim Henman joked that they would also need to leave the broadcast. "We all agreed we would only go as long as you can," the seven-time major winner explained. "Now you have put the pressure on us! What is going to happen next? Henman are we going to have a tournament next year?" DON'T MISSNick Kyrgios' nephew's adorable reaction to Stefanos Tsitsipas winWimbledon fans accused of watching Nick Kyrgios 'for wrong reasons'Nick Kyrgios refuses to apologise for Wimbledon outburst vs Tsitsipas British pundit Henman replied: "I am not sure, I think Sue said 30 years working with you [McEnroe] she's not sure she could carry on. We need to debate it." McEnroe’s emotional speech at the beginning of the Centre Court centenary celebrations brought Barker to tears. He said: "Sue, one final word. On behalf of all the players, I just want to say that we're going to be lost without you. After 30 years of covering this tournament magnificently, please give it up for Sue Barker." Barker replied: "Thank you so much but this is about the tournament. All I can say is from now on John McEnroe is going to be commentating on Court 17 after that, going off script.” It was not the only time McEnroe got in trouble with Barker, after trying to ask a question to Barker’s former flame Sir Cliff Richard before he was shut down by the British tennis icon.