Manchester United want to sign Frenkie de Jong from Barcelona. However, with a deal tricky to broker, it’s possible the Red Devils will swoop for Ruben Neves instead. And it’s also feasible Erik ten Hag will go after Memphis Depay, too, with talk of a sensational return starting to gather momentum. Manchester United have spent the whole of the summer pursuing De Jong. But with the Netherlands international reluctant to leave the Nou Camp, the Red Devils have been linked with Neves as a potential alternative. United are also being put forward as potential suitors for Depay, too, despite the 28-year-old previously struggling at Old Trafford under Louis van Gaal and Jose Mourinho. And they also want to sign a right-back and back-up goalkeeper as well. Regarding right-back, links to Denzel Dumfries remain ongoing with the Dutchman facing an uncertain future at Inter Milan. And when it comes to a new shot-stopper arriving, Sergio Romero is interested in coming back 12 months after his departure. So, with that being the case, Express Sport will now take a look at how United would line up with Neves, Depay, Dumfries and Romero. Man Utd transfers: Barcelona draw up De Jong punishment plan Romero left United last year after falling down the pecking order under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. However, the Argentina international has let it be known that he’d be up for a second stint at Old Trafford. Romero was a trusted figure during his time with the Red Devils after arriving on a free transfer back in 2015. Though he wouldn’t be first-choice over David De Gea, he’d still likely get chances between the sticks when the Spain international requires a rest. And it wouldn’t be too surprising to see United bring back Romero to compensate for the loan departure of Dean Henderson to Nottingham Forest. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong United have signed Lisandro Martinez from Ajax, with the Red Devils beating Arsenal to the Argentina international. And he’ll likely be partnering Harry Maguire regularly next term, especially given Raphael Varane’s torrid injury record. At right-back, Dumfries would slot in. United have signed another full-back already in the form of Tyrell Malacia, who is poised to challenge Luke Shaw for a starting berth. Yet Shaw remains first-choice in that position and he isn’t ready to be demoted to the bench just yet. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. What a midfield this would be. Wolves would want a huge fee to let Neves go but United have admired the Portugal international for a number of years. With De Jong looking tricky, it’s possible the Red Devils will end up switching focus and go for a player who is proven in the Premier League already. Alongside him would go Scott McTominay, who is a key figure in Ten Hag’s plans for the future. And, playing ahead of the pair, would go Bruno Fernandes - with Christian Eriksen then on the bench. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team United have seen Anthony Martial blow hot and cold ever since his move from Monaco in 2015. Therefore, Depay could be unleashed down the middle should he return - particularly with Cristiano Ronaldo eager to pursue a new challenge elsewhere. On the right would then go Jadon Sancho, who has impressed in pre-season so far. And, on the left wing, Marcus Rashford. Rashford, like Sancho and Martial, looks back to his best after previously toiling under Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick last term. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here