Set to go live in 2025, Shell Nederland BV and Shell Overseas Investments BV, both subsidiaries of UK-based Shell plc, have taken the final investment decision to build Holland Hydrogen I. Once completed, this site become the continent’s largest renewable hydrogen plant, producing up to 60,000 kilograms of green hydrogen every day using a 200MW electrolyser that will be constructed on the Tweede Maasvlakte in the port of Rotterdam  This plant is a significant step in helping the EU end its reliance on Russian gas exports, as hydrogen has been tipped to be a replacement for natural gas. But while the technology has been tipped to become a low-carbon alternative, most hydrogen (blue and grey hydrogen) is still produced from fossil fuels. Green hydrogen, which is completely carbon-free, is produced by splitting water into hydrogen and oxygen using renewable electricity as opposed to using fossil fuels for the process. The renewable energy required for the electrolyser will come from the offshore wind farm Hollandse Kust (noord), which Shell partly owns. According to a statement by Shell, the renewable hydrogen produced will be used to supply the Shell Energy and Chemicals Park Rotterdam, by way of the HyTransPort pipeline. Here, the green hydrogen will replace some of the grey hydrogen usage in the refinery, and thus reduce their industrial use of fossil fuels. Doing so would partially decarbonise the facility’s production of energy products like petrol and diesel and jet fuel. Anna Mascolo, Executive Vice President, Emerging Energy Solutions at Shell said: “Holland Hydrogen I demonstrates how new energy solutions can work together to meet society’s need for cleaner energy. READ MORE: UK’s first mass produced hydrogen truck set to be exported to EU “It is also another example of Shell’s own efforts and commitment to become a net-zero emissions business by 2050. “Renewable hydrogen will play a pivotal role in the energy system of the future and this project is an important step in helping hydrogen fulfil that potential.” Shell adds that as heavy-duty trucks are coming to market and refuelling networks grow, green hydrogen supply could also be directed toward these to help in decarbonising commercial road transport. Hydrogen-based trucks are beginning to make waves now, after startup Tevva unveiled the first hydrogen fuel cell-supported heavy goods vehicle (HGV) that is set to be completely manufactured, designed and mass-produced in the UK. DON'T MISS:Boris 'jeopardising' UK's gigafactory as 'not a single penny' received [REVEAL] Rolls-Royce developing hypersonic missile capable of hitting Russia [INSIGHT] Archaeologists stunned by bizarre find at ancient Petra [REPORT]