Prince Charles's wife has been described as a "country woman at heart" by royal commentator Richard Fitzwilliams. Praising Camilla, who is turning 75 tomorrow, the expert said: "Camilla is a country woman at heart, enjoys a more basic life than other royals, and is probably rather untidy!" The commentator spoke of the Duchess as a transparent and dedicated member of the Royal Family. He told OK! magazine: "What you see is what you get. "She’s loyal, hard-working, practical and loves to laugh. She has nothing to hide." Camilla herself spoke about feeling at home when she is in the countryside. In the July 13 issue of Country Life guest-edited by the royal, Camilla described how this love for the rural areas is shared also by the Prince of Wales who, she wrote, "finds true peace" in the countryside. The pair often spend time privately at Highgrove House in Gloucestershire, a nine-bedroom property the Prince of Wales acquired in 1980. And Camilla still retains her six-bedroom home in Lacock, Wiltshire, which she has enjoyed as a retreat from the busy city life since the mid-1990s. The gardens of this residence provided the background for the portraits used in the Country Life issue. READ MORE: Harry ‘wanted to return to California fast’ after Philip’s funeral These pictures were taken by Kate, Duchess of Cambridge - a keen amateur photographer - and show a relaxed Camilla at ease while she sits on a bench or walks around. The royal's love for country life does not blind her to the dangers and issues coming with it, as Camilla also recently acknowledged the "darker side" of rural life. Bringing under the spotlights issues she deeply cares about, the royal wrote: "On these pages, I have sought also to explore challenging subjects: the ever-increasing rise in rural crime, the struggles faced by family farms that can, tragically, result in suicide, and the uniquely difficult circumstances of those experiencing domestic abuse in remote areas. "The latter is a cause that is particularly close to my heart: I know that physical isolation is often used to advantage by perpetrators and that victims in rural areas find it harder to reach out to seek help, especially in close-knit communities where everyone knows one another and where support services might be more limited. "Crucially, however, there is hope and there are steps that each one of us, whatever our circumstances, can take to help." The decision of the future Queen Consort to address the topic of domestic abuse, an issue she has been working to tackle for years now, is an example of Camilla's commitment to her role. Mr Fitzwilliams said the Duchess "loves her job". He added: "Camilla the Queen will be driven, determined and committed to the crown. She is a woman the world should celebrate." Camilla officially joined the Royal Family in April 2005, upon marrying Prince Charles in a civil ceremony. She has since taken on an increasing amount of duties and put the spotlight on issues she deeply cares about - such as domestic violence, literacy and osteoporosis. Her work and dedication to the Firm have been publicly acknowledged by the Queen who, over the years, has awarded Camilla with more responsibilities and honours. In June 2016, the monarch elevated Camilla to the Privy Council, the body advising the sovereign, clearly enhancing the Duchess' status. On New Year's Eve 2021, it was announced the monarch would appoint the Duchess as Lady of the Garter, the most ancient order in the British honour system. And in a statement shared on the eve of the 70th Accession Day anniversary in February, Her Majesty expressed her desire for Camilla to become known as Queen Consort when Charles accedes to the throne. She wrote: "When, in the fullness of time, my son Charles becomes King, I know you will give him and his wife Camilla the same support that you have given me; and it is my sincere wish that, when that time comes, Camilla will be known as Queen Consort as she continues her own loyal service."