Former Scottish Conservative councillor Tony Miklinski accused the SNP of "misspending money left right and centre", saying the party "knows" it can "get away with virtually anything". This came after it was revealed that the Scottish Government has allocated £20 million for a second independence referendum. Earlier this week, Ms Sturgeon said she plans to hold a referendum on October 19 2023. In 2014, Scotland voted against independence by 55 percent to 45 percent. Speaking about the cost of a second referendum, Ms Miklinski said: "It's a national scandal. "People up here have got used to national scandals. "[The SNP are] spending four or five times as much on a couple of ferries, [misspending] money left right and centre and taking £12 billion subsidies per year from Westminster as the contribution that the UK makes to the Scottish budget. "That £12 billion is approximately equivalent to the NHS budget. "It would go on day 1 [after independence]. "So the kind of financial probity and common sense goes by board up here, because basically the SNP after 15 years know they can get away with virtually anything. "They can get away with virtually anything, because their supporters would vote for a dead donkey if it stood for a constituency, as long as it was an SNP dead donkey." READ MORE: NEW poll reveals voters in Scotland REJECT Sturgeon’s indy push He added: "They don't care, they just believe the promises that Nicola [Sturgeon] makes that Scotland will make a better and more prosperous place. "It wouldn't and we mustn't ever let it happen." Mr Sturgeon defended the cost of the independence referendum, saying it would "give the people of this country the opportunity to choose a better future". Scottish Tory leader Douglas Ross challenged Ms Sturgeon on the issue at First Minister's Questions, saying: "With so many families struggling why is her government allocating a further £20 million for an independence referendum?" DON'T MISS: NEW poll reveals voters in Scotland REJECT Sturgeon’s indy push [INSIGHT] Boris urged to call Sturgeon's 'bluff' over Scottish independence poll [REACTION] GB News: Sturgeon torn to shreds over Indyref2 plan [REVEAL] Ms Sturgeon responded: "Every year right now the Scottish Government is having to invest more than £700 million mitigating the impact of Westminster policies that Scotland did not vote for - the Bedroom Tax, the rape clause, the removal of Universal Credit. "So yes - I think £20 million, or 0.05 per cent of the entire government budget, to give the people of this country the opportunity to choose a better future, is and will be a really good investment." Explaining why the SNP are still pursuing a second referendum, despite the country having voted against independence in 2014, Mr Miklinski accused the SNP of having an "obsession" with breaking away from the UK. He said: "[Nicola Sturgeon] has been in power for 15 years and they have been promising a second independence referendum since the day after they failed in 2014. "And party activists are pressing her for the answer to when they're going to hold a second independence referendum. "They can only manage that for so long without doing something. "So she is to an extent pressurised by her own party's appetite and obsession for holding a second independence referendum."