As the Tory leadership contest ensues, some members of the public have outlined their preference for a backbencher to take control of the Government. With the new Conservative leader set to take over from outgoing Prime Minister Boris Johnson, it appears some voters have idolised the concept of a backbench figure offering a renewed image of the Tory party. As frustration at the current political climate continues to grow, the nation hopes a shift in party leader will accompany new policy and restore faith in the Government following recent controversy. Speaking to the Daily Express, one member of the public said: “Potentially someone from the backbenchers with no Cabinet experience would offer the most probable chance of some sort of change.”    In the leadership battle, there remain five hopeful contenders who have survived the initial rounds of voting among Conservative MPs. Two high-profile members of Boris Johnson’s Government remain in the contest; former Chancellor Rishi Sunak and Foreign Secretary Liz Truss. Another candidate, Penny Mordaunt, did not serve within Mr Johnson’s Cabinet but held the position of Defence Secretary, if relatively briefly, under the leadership of Theresa May, making her the first woman to obtain the role. The two remaining candidates, Tom Tugendhat and Kemi Badenoch have no Cabinet experience, but have managed to build considerable support among their Conservative colleagues in order to continue their bid for power. While some members of the public appeared hopeful about the possibility of a backbench MP taking control of the country, others expressed their concern about how little is known about some of the candidates. Speaking to the Daily Express, one woman said: “It kind of scares me that there are ones that I don’t know that much about that could be the next Prime Minister.” Her friend added: “They’re creepy because you don’t know anything about them but they’re going to be elected to the highest office.” A new Prime Minister is set to be announced by the 5th September, following a series of votes restricted to Tory MPs before the ballot is opened up to wider members of the Conservative party for the final selection. Read more: BBC blasts Labour MP's ludicrous Tory leader claim  Kemi Badenoch emerged fourth in the second round of voting, securing 49 votes from her Tory peers. While she does not hold Cabinet experience, she did hold several different Ministerial positions under Boris Johnson. Ms Badenoch resigned from her position as Equalities and Local Government Minister in response to Mr Johnson’s handling of the Chris Pincher allegations and announced her leadership bid shortly after the Prime Minister agreed to step down. Her campaign for Conservative leadership has gained the backing of Micheal Gove, a prolific figure within Mr Johnson’s Government, though she remains behind her competitors who hold Cabinet experience. Don't miss: Braverman slams other Tory leadership runners as not ‘honest' [REVEAL]Fabricant highlights exactly why MPs so terrified of Mordaunt [REPORT]Truss backer explains why ONLY she can be trusted as PM.. [INSIGHT] Tom Tugendhat, who came fifth in the second voting round, received 32 votes of support from his Conservative colleagues. The former military man became the MP for Tonbridge in Kent in 2015 and has since developed a reputation as a strong backbench figure. He has built his campaign around the idea that his backbench position will offer the Conservative Government a “clean start” as he is free of ties to Mr Johnson’s Cabinet. For those who would favour a backbench MP to succeed Mr Johnson, Mr Tugendhat appears the obvious choice, although he will have to progress through further rounds of voting before he can secure a position on the final ballot. Read next: Tories warned to watch out for Sturgeon while eyes off the ball'Hers to lose' Ipsos pollster forecasts Mordaunt's path to Tory leaderLiz Truss told to swing behind REAL Brexiteer Penny MordauntBBC host savages Sunak in tense row over food vouchers conundrum'Like Brexit again!' Tory leadership runners slammed as 'out of touch'