Virgin River season three left fans with many questions as it had an unpredictable ending unlike any other up until now. The heartfelt drama was renewed not too long after the previous series came to an end and its return is looming. Here's everything Express.co.uk knows about when Netflix subscribers can expect season four. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Virgin River. Virgin River was last seen in July 2021 and it was in September that Netflix announced there would be more episodes on the way. Since then, little to no updates have been given on when season four would begin. The very first series had a December release date, series two in November and the third outing in July. So there has been no fixed pattern for when the new Virgin River seasons come out. READ MORE: Carol Vorderman distracts fans with 'annoying' habit Thankfully, this time around, Netflix has decided to follow when they released its latest series. This means the wait is nearly over for new episodes of the romantic drama. Virgin River season four will premiere on Wednesday, July 20, on Netflix.  Season four of Virgin River will consist of 12 episodes, compared to 10 which has been the case for the past three series. As always, fans are going to have the opportunity to watch the entire season in one go with all episodes dropped on July 20. With the show coming out in the middle of the week though, it may take some viewers a little longer to binge-watch than others. Going by the end of season three, there are plenty of new storylines to explore. DON'T MISS...BBC viewers worry as presenter struggles through segment 'Poor lass' [REACTION]Virgin River season 4 theory: Jack to abandon Mel and newborn baby [THEORY]Virgin River season 4 theory: Mel to keep identity of baby’s dad quiet [SPOILER] Preacher (played by Colin Lawrence) was poisoned after being lured into the woods by a friend of Wes (Steven Bacic), Paige's (Lexa Doig) abusive ex-husband. He was meant to be looking after Christopher (Chase Petriw) but was told Paige wanted to meet him in secret. Unfortunately, this gave Wes the opportunity to kidnap his son and while Preacher was fine in the end, he is now riddled with guilt. This wasn't the only shocking element of the series three finale either. Mel Monroe (Alexandra Breckenridge) and Jack Sheridan (Martin Henderson) had been having relationship problems but were pushing through. Then Mel revealed she was pregnant but she was unsure if it was Jack's or her late husband Mark's (Daniel Gillies) child.Season four will see the couple try to come to terms with this confusion and find out once and for all who the daddy is. With plenty more exciting twists and turns to come, fans are on the edge of their seats ahead of the imminent release. Virgin River season 4 premieres on Wednesday, July 20, on Netflix. 