Speaking to LBC this morning, the hopeful leader said debate and argument was “absolutely normal” within a party and that it was the most effective way to achieve the “best answer” when it comes down to party politics. Mr Tugendhat claimed there was great “depth” to the Conservatives and that “even 300” MPs for the party are “brilliant.    Mr Tugendhat said: “The problem with the debate format is it makes it look like we’re up against each other. “I mean we are, of course, for this position but the reality is we are a team. The Conservative Party is the most successful democratic organisation in the world. “We have been an organisation and a party for almost 200 years and we’ve been the natural party for this government for a long time because it is an extraordinary team. “Of course it is true, as Rishi and Liz demonstrated yesterday, we have different views on tax and different views on debt.   “But that is absolutely normal. We have these arguments and these debates to try and get to the best answer. That’s right. “But, actually, I tell you what, I think all four of them are fantastic and I can point to another 100 or even 300 in the Conservative Party who are absolutely brilliant, too. “And the other thing is I can point to depth, too. If you look at councillors, you look at the country, the Conservatives are delivering for people.” READ MORE: Tory LIVE: Penny says ‘reason I'm winning every poll’ [LIVE]   The first televised debate between the five remaining Tory leadership candidates took place on Friday evening ahead of the third round of voting next Monday. There were a number of issues discussed, with the problem of taxes a dominant topic for many of the contenders. Mr Tugendhat asked Rishi Sunak why he had raised national insurance contributions to fund the NHS during his time as chancellor. But he then let Mr Sunak off the hook by suggesting the former chancellor was simply carrying out the wishes of his then boss Boris Johnson. DON'T MISS: Tom Tugendhat channels DUMBLEDORE in bizarre debate moment [VIDEO]POLL: Who won first Tory leadership debate? VOTE HERE [POLL] ‘I am the clean start!’ Tugendhat lays down why he should be next PM  [INSIGHT] Mr Tugendhat recieved the least number of votes in the second round of voting of the successful candidates, beating only Suella Braverman, who was eliminated from the contest. But the debate proved a success for the hopeful leader, with a snap poll suggesting that 36 percent of respondents saying he had been the strongest performer. The debate was less successful for surprise frontrunner Penny Mordaunt, who came under fire for her views on gender self-identification and planned tax cuts. One more person will be ruled out of the contest on Monday, with four proceeding to the next round. This process will continue until only two are remaining, at which point the vote will be extended to all 180,000 Conservative Party members. READ NEXT: Tory leadership: Penny Mordaunt confronted with 'massive hit job'Tugendhat to fight for survival in TV debates‘Backbencher with no Cabinet experience’ favoured by some Brits New PM should bring in immediate tax cut to avoid 'alienating' driversWhat are the next steps for Brexit? Every Tory leadership candidate 