Then Princess Elizabeth reportedly got engaged to Lieutenant Philip Mountbatten while holidaying with the Royal Family in Balmoral in 1946. But at the King's request, the news was kept to themselves until the future Queen turned 21, and they finally told the world on July 9, 1947. The Princess was given a stunning diamond ring, and Philip made sure to include a touching tribute to his own family within it. The Queen's engagement ring features a large central diamond, a "rare" round brilliant-cut. Helen Dimmick, gemmologist and diamond grader, told Express.co.uk that the diamond taking centre-stage in the Queen's ring sparkles with "beautiful fire and brilliance". She said: "With a flair for design Prince Phillip chose a classic three-carat round brilliant-cut diamond that is claw-set in platinum between 10 smaller stones. "These were, however, especially rare and symbolic, repurposed from a family tiara - given with the blessing for this exact purpose by his mother, Princess Alice of Battenberg. READ MORE: John McEnroe blasted Royal Family’s role at Wimbledon in furious rant  "No longer cut to these proportions; these rare old brilliant-cut diamonds sparkle with their own beautiful fire and brilliance. "More of these diamonds were also made into a matching diamond line bracelet which was a wedding day gift from Prince Philip to his new wife to complete the jewellery collection." In terms of value, Ms Dimmick estimated a similar ring would be worth a six-figure sum, but the provenance of the Queen's ring makes it all the more special. She explained: "Capturing the post-World War 2 austere mood of the time, this style and proportion in 1947 was actually deemed to be fairly modest for a young Princess.  "Should a similar style be sourced today an estimated cost would be more than £100,000, but that does not factor in the unique provenance and historical value of this and therefore this value is exponentially greater." The Queen wore her diamond engagement ring throughout her marriage to Philip, which ended in 2021 upon the Duke's death aged 99. But the Queen continues to wear the stunning piece today as a touching tribute to her beloved late husband. DON'T MISS:Prince Harry told Royal Family tensions 'irrelevant' to status change [INSIGHT]Queen taught Prince George the National Anthem during Sunday visits [ANALYSIS]The Queen's 14 prime ministers - and her rumoured favourites [EXPLAINED]  Ms Dimmick said: "An engagement ring for a woman is the one piece of jewellery that is to last a lifetime, I have yet to see a photograph of the Queen seen without wearing hers. "It was an absolute delight to watch recent unseen television footage of the then Princess beaming with pleasure at the sight of it during a private family holiday in Balmoral long before any official announcements were made. "Whatever monetary value is attributed to this ring, to the Queen herself I would suggest it is priceless." The Queen wears her engagement ring alongside her Welsh gold wedding ring which she received at her November 1947 nuptials. 