Sky News presenter Kay Burley clashed with Culture Secretary Nadine Dorries over investing £778m on Commonwealth Games held in Birmingham this week. Ms Burley questioned whether the Government should have spent "£778m on a vanity project?”. Ms Dorries hit back at Ms Burley, stressing the huge importance of the event bringing together hundreds of athletes from across the Commonwealth. Ms Burley asked: “Should we be spending £778m on a vanity project?” Ms Dorries responded: “It’s not a vanity project Kay! Come on! “This is hugely important. “You say we shouldn’t have the Commonwealth Games. “I think we are proud and honoured to have picked up the baton when it was dropped elsewhere in the world and to continue to run these Commonwealth Games in the amazing way that we have. “Everybody here, thousands of people, are extremely proud, including volunteers behind me right now. “The Commonwealth is an important organisation, particularly in light of what’s happening globally on the geopolitical front. "And particularly with Russia and China and the war in Ukraine. READ MORE: EU summer travel hell silences 'desperate' Rejoiners “It’s more important than ever. “These games symbolise the coming together of those nations. “It’s not vanity project, it’s an important project.” Ms Burley then pointed out: “£778m when you’re in the middle of a cost of living crisis? DON'T MISS: Queen's Guard screams at London tourist 'We'll never return!' - VIDEO [WATCH]Kate McCann health update: TalkTV presenter to step out TONIGHT [LISTEN]United Airlines flight from Edinburgh to US makes emergency landing [INSIGHT] “I’m asking you to talk to our viewers this morning and tell them why you think it’s worth that sort of money when they can’t feed their kids”. After the question from Sky News present Kay Burley, the communication got interrupted by a man in the background who started screaming and arguing that someone was touching him. The man in the background said: “Touch me then, you can’t touch me”. Ms Dorries told Ms Burley in the studio: “Sorry Kay, we’re gonna have to go”. READ NEXT: Energy bills now tipped to soar close to £4,000New report sheds light on why the cost of Lurpak keeps going upFurious parents storm first Drag Queen Story Hour UKUkraine: Russian families pull rug from under Putin as they de...Ukrainian troops 'will win' as Kyiv preps offensive in occupied south