Simon Calder lamented the passport checks British holidaymakers have been subjected to over the past two days despite massive queues at Dover. Since Brexit came into effect, UK nationals seeking to enter the European Union have been required to have their documents stamped, resulting in major disruptions this week. Simon Calder told LBC the British Government "asked to be treated like this" and dismissed claims suggesting French officials are seeking to punish the UK for Brexit. He said: "It's a grim situation but it's all to do with the juxtaposed border controls, which we've had for many years. "You'll be used to this, you've driven across either on Eurotunnel in Folkestone or one of the ferry companies from Dover, and, up until the start of last year, you drove in - if it was busy they'd just be waving people through. "You might've vaguely held up a passport or two through the window but, frankly, they weren't interested. Now they have to be interested. "The blunt fact is leaving the EU has made leaving the UK much more difficult." JUST IN: 'Need reality check!' John Curtice delivers brutal verdict on Boris Johnson comeback Mr Calder said he personally calculated how long processing had been taking during a visit to Dover over the past two days. He said cars with two passengers would be able to pass the French control kiosks in around 70 seconds, with the time extending into "a minute and a half if there's four people." The travel expert added: "We asked to be treated like this. "It's not like that they're picking on us, we said we want to be third-country nationals, we want to have our passports stamped when we go into Europe, we want to have all that bureaucracy. READ MORE: Boris expects to RETURN as Prime Minister next year according to former aide "That's what we asked for." Scenes of gridlocked roads and bumper-to-bumper cars seen on Friday were repeated on Saturday as thousands of travellers endured lengthy queues and some lorry drivers saw waits of more than 18 hours. Foreign Secretary Liz Truss said disruption at the Port of Dover was the fault of French authorities when asked if Brexit was the reason for the transport chaos. Speaking at a campaign visit in Kent, she said: "This is a situation that has been caused by a lack of resources at the border. DON'T MISS:Peter Barnes warned 'Rishi not seen as a Conservative' [REACTION]Tory leadership polls: Who is the favourite right now? [INSIGHT]Tory chaos over Boris betrayal - ask Fabricant YOUR questions [GET INVOLVED] "And that is what the French authorities need to address and that is what I am being very clear with them about." The Foreign Office later tweeted a statement from Ms Truss, announcing she had spoken to French foreign minister Catherine Colonna. She said: "I was clear the French authorities have not put enough people on the border and we need to see action from then to resolve the terrible situation which travellers, including families, are facing." The message came after a tweet from Ms Colonna, who stated the pair had a "good talk". Ms Colonna added: "We welcomed the cooperation between our competent technical services to reduce the delays. Need also to improve the facilities of the port of Dover."