The Government money will be spent on new measures to help thousands of people who are over 50 and out of work. Jobseekers will receive more one-to-one support to help them back into work before they retire. One in 10 over 50s have disappeared from the workforce in the past five years after being made redundant, according to research published by Legal & General Retail Retirement (LGRR) and the Centre for Economics and Business Research (Cebr). Among the 177,000 over 50s made redundant every year, 20,000 are estimated to have left the workforce altogether. Now the DWP has announced a new package of support to help these older workers back into the workforce. READ MORE: TV licence: How to get money back on your TV licence fee Job centre workers across England, Wales and Scotland will work with local employers to help them realise how their recruitment could benefit from the talent of older workers. Mid-life MOTs will also be available in Jobcentres, helping those thinking about retirement to consider taking jobs which could boost their incomes based on their skills and experience. Minister for Employment, Mims Davies MP said: “Older Workers are a huge asset to this country, and there are currently more than 400,000 over 50s in roles than before the pandemic. “We’re increasing funding and support at every step of their journey up the career ladder, to ensure everyone gets the support they need to get into work, progress and use their experience to boost their earnings and plan for a better future.” DON'T MISS:Huge support for state pension increase — ‘Lagging behind!’ [UPDATE]Pensioners entitled to extra £370 a month - who is eligible? [INSIGHT]Fake bank accounts and pension schemes warning as scams soar [WARNING]Thousands of Britons are paying too much for a TV licence - are you? [ALERT] The Centre for Ageing Better welcomed the news which they said would help older people who typically face more challenges than their younger counterparts. Carole Easton, Chief Executive at the Centre for Ageing Better, said:  “Seeing DWP continue to recognise the importance of a bespoke approach to older workers is really welcome. “We know that older workers face unique challenges, such as ageism in the workplace and a possible gap in skills compared to some of their younger counterparts, so we will gladly support any tailored action that begins to chip away at these significant roadblocks standing in the way of older people accessing fulfilling work.” It’s not just ageism that many older Britons find challenging - research shows that people over 50 are more likely to have caring responsibilities, with 12 percent of men and 16 percent of women aged 55 to 64 providing care to someone else. READ MORE: Premium Bonds: NS&I announces July winners - have you won £1million? This coincides with the Government’s Restart scheme which provides a year of intensive support to help get them back on the career ladder. One year since its launch, the Restart scheme is already seeing the first jobseekers take up work. So fair it has helped a quarter of a million people get the skills they need to re-enter the workforce. This is part of the Government's renewed focus on growing the economy and helping people find work and boost their earnings. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The £22million DWP support package includes: More information can be found at Gov.uk.