Nadine Dorries abruptly ended her interview with Sky News' Kay Burley after a man started yelling at her off-camera. Ms Dorries could be seen looking to her left while Ms Burley asked her about the Commonwealth Games, which opens tonight. The Culture Secretary then suddenly told Ms Burley: "I'm afraid we are going to have to go now!" When Ms Burley asked why, Ms Dorries said: "I'm going to have to go now. The cameraman is in a bit of trouble." She can then be seen looking around for security before exiting the live shot. The unidentified man could be heard shouting in the background of the interview, claiming that the "cameraman had touched me". The Culture Secretary quickly responded: "The cameraman did not touch him." JUST IN: Brexit bonanza incoming! Liz Truss eyes NEW mega deal with £12tn bloc of 52 nations  At one point, she looks at the cameraman in front of her and asks: "Are you okay?" Viewers were shocked at the interruption, with many questioning why security was not more available around the high-profile cabinet minister. @JoHooper_ tweeted: "Trouble on #SkyNews interview with @NadineDorries. Sounds like some idiot wanted his 5 minutes of fame. Shouting “You can’t touch me” at the cameraman." @ElizabethHaighx added: "Live on @SkyNews in Birmingham Nadine Dorries just got forced off air after a man came up to the camera crew and began yelling at them all, telling them if anyone touches him will police. "Even a bit of swearing before Sky could cut away…" @Bluefire1John tweeted: "Well that was interesting @KayBurley. Hope it is not serious. Strange that no security around @NadineDorries." @munkehno1 remarked that Ms Dorries "looked terrified" during the encounter. During the interview, Ms Dorries dodged questions about the Conservative leadership race, saying it was not the time to discuss the increasingly bitter rows between Rishi Sunak and Liz Truss. DON'T MISS: PM candidates need bold solution to energy crisis [EXPRESS COMMENT]Next Prime Minister: Truss and Sunak handed lifeline - new poll [POLL]Brexit LIVE: Leaving EU 'NOT to blame for economic woes' [LIVE BLOG]  This comes amid reports that she had been asked to rein in her attacks on Rishi Sunak over fears they could divide the Conservatives in the long term. Ms Dorries, who backs Liz Truss, has repeatedly voiced fierce criticism of the former Chancellor in public. Instead, the Culture Secretary discussed the Commonwealth Games and the England Women's team reaching the Euros Final on Sunday. Around £778 million of public funding including £594m from the Government has been poured into the Games. The Prince of Wales accompanied by The Duchess of Cornwall will represent The Queen and officially open the competition at the Alexander Stadium in Birmingham in front of more than 30,000 spectators and an estimated television audience of over one billion people. READ NEXT: Gary Lineker’s £1.4m salary sums up BBC’s problems, says ex-MEPNadine Dorries mocks Rishi Sunak over £3.5k suit BBC crisis as 300,000 ditch licence fee — financial blackhole loomingBoris loyalists backing Liz Truss to stop 'disloyal' Rishi SunakDorries rages at Rishi 'dark arts' to secure PM win