The Met Office has warned of an “exceptional hot spell” which will blast parts of the UK on Monday and Tuesday, leaving humans and animals at risk of “adverse health effects”. With extreme temperatures of more than 30C already making homes and gardens uncomfortably hot, it is essential that you take extra steps to keep your pets cool. Hydration, shade and timely exercise are all important in the hot weather, but what exactly should you do to prevent the heatwave from making your cats and dogs unwell? Cats and dogs can quickly feel hot and bothered in the heat, and are even more at risk of potentially fatal heat stroke if left without help to keep them cool. Keeping feline and canine temperatures as low as possible should be a top priority for owners, especially during the hottest parts of the day. To do this, it is best to go back to the basics in order to cover all bases both in and out of the home. READ MORE: Diabetes: The tasty drink that can lower blood sugar Keeping your pets out of the heat is easy to do at home, and blocking off the hottest parts of your property is the quickest way to stop cats and dogs from basking in direct sunlight. Vetsnow said: “These areas can get dangerously hot even when it may only feel mild outside. “Bear in mind that there are no cooling breezes inside these sun traps and they magnify the heat.” Instead, encourage your pets to lounge in the coolest rooms within your home, where there is plenty of shade and good ventilation. While not all pet food needs to be kept in the fridge, the hot weather is a good time to make a habit of cooling down meal pouches and snacks. Avoid using ice cubes and instead switch to chilled water for their bowl, and chilled snacks to keep them full and comfortable. The Blue Cross recommended stuffing a kong full of treats and popping it in the freezer for a while before serving. If you do choose to add ice cubes to water bowls or food, wait for them to melt a little beforehand. Keeping your cats and dogs hydrated is crucial in the heat, but it's not always easy to encourage them to drink up. To make sure they’re comfortable and drinking plenty of water, add a few extra water bowls around your home to reduce the need for your pets to travel to another room. Keep bowls out of direct sunlight and switch to deeper containers to stop the water from evaporating too quickly. DON'T MISS:Dog warning: Owners told to urgent check pets' noses [INSIGHT]RSPCA issues warning of 'biggest dangers' to dogs in heatwave [LATEST]Nearly half of dog owners unaware their pooch should wear sunscreen [REVEAL] While cats are known for their love of exploring, and dogs for their excitement to go on a long walk, it is best to keep them inside when the temperature is above 25C. Dogs should not be walked in weather above 19C, as they are unable to self-regulate their temperature once it rises above this. Cats and dogs should be kept indoors during the hottest parts of the day and always supervised in the extreme heat. To keep an eye on your cats, you should temporarily lock cat flaps and keep dogs indoors until it is cool enough to walk them. Vetsnow said: “Worryingly, heat stroke in dogs can be fatal in as little as 15 minutes. Don’t take the risk and make sure your pet isn’t overheating in the sun. “If you think your dog has heat stroke, contact your vet immediately or, if out-of-hours, find your nearest emergency vet.” Pets can become tired and lethargic in the hot weather, yet many of them will avoid sleeping in their beds. While bedding can be comfortable and cosy, it is often too hot for cats and dogs to enjoy when the temperature rises. Instead, leave your pet with plenty of damp towels to lounge on. The RSPCA warned that you should never place a damp towel over your dog or cat, as this can trap in heat. You can also use ice packs wrapped in soft towels to provide welcome relief from the heat. Booking your pet in for a thorough groom is one of the best things you can do to help them cope with the heat. In addition to a professional cut, regular grooming should also be done at home to help brush away any dead or excess. According to the RSPCA, this helps to reduce the density of your pet's coat and is much better for keeping them cool. Encouraging dogs to go for a dip in some cool water is a great idea in the heat, though cats may be harder to persuade. Keep the water temperature cool, but not cold, as this could shock an over-heating pet and have severe consequences. It is important not to force your pet to venture into the water. Just leave it open for them to use when they’re ready.