Deontay Wilder’s true power has been revealed by British Cruiserweight Isaac Chamberlain. The Brit has sparred with Wilder on multiple occasions and claims he received an uppercut from the ‘Bronze Bomber’ that was so hard that he thought he was back in London. The former WBC heavyweight champion has been out of action since being stopped for a second time by Tyson Fury last October. Many believed he would never return after such a devastating defeat but Wilder recently revealed that he will be stepping back into the ring. The American is expected to make his long-awaited return in the Autumn against a currently undisclosed opponent. It is a consensus belief that he will fight an in-house fighter from his promotional company Premier Boxing Champions (PBC). PBC has six heavyweights currently on their roster that are yet to face Wilder including Charles Martin, Adam Kownacki, Travis Kauffman, Frank Sanchez, Andy Ruiz Jr, and Robert Helenius -- the latter of which is understood to be Wilder’s most likely next opponent. Talking about Wilder’s return and whether he will return to prominence, Chamberlain told Sky Sports News: "One million per cent. You need characters like that in boxing, he'll be back. I remember I was facetiming him before the other fights, he was in the zone and locked in. A true test of character is how you bounce back." Chamberlain has sparred with both Wilder and Oleksandr Usyk and claims Wilder’s power is second to none. "He's powerful, very powerful. I remember I sparred him when I was 19, he hit me with an uppercut, I thought I was back in London. He's a solid puncher," Chamberlain laughed. MORE BOXING NEWS... Khan shows off stunning new mansion with own gym months after £5m Chisora phone calls revealed after abandoning sparring with contender Joshua sent scary warning as fighters 'sent home' after Usyk sparring "People always say it's his power. It's not really, it's his speed. He's very quick off the mark and he processes very quickly. People don't realise it and people only think he's wild just in general. No, he's only wild when he has you hurt. But he sticks to the basics very well, he's very, very sharp. So he's better than what people think. There's method behind the madness.” Chamberlain is set to face Chris Billam-Smith on July 30 for the British and European cruiserweight titles at the Bournemouth International Centre, Bournemouth. ‘Chambo’ will be looking to snatch the titles from ‘The Gentleman’ in his hometown. Coming into the bout, Chamberlain, is 14-1 as a professional with his sole blemish coming against current WBO cruiserweight champion Lawrence Okolie in 2018. Meanwhile, Billam-Smith has won 15 of his 16 outings only losing out to Richard Riakporhe in a razor-thin split decision three years ago. The Bournemouth-based boxer has held the Commonwealth title since 2019 and the European title since 2021.