Nick Kyrgios has revealed that Novak Djokovic reached out to him on Instagram to discuss Sunday's Wimbledon final days before the Aussie reached his maiden championship match at a Grand Slam. The Aussie now awaits either Djokovic or Cam Norrie after receiving a walkover when Rafael Nadal withdrew injured. Kyrgios is through to his maiden Grand Slam singles final at Wimbledon after Nadal was forced to withdraw injured on the eve of their semi-final. The 27-year-old had already beaten the likes of fourth seed Stefanos Tsitsipas en route to his first semi-final match at a Major and will now face either Djokovic or Norrie in Sunday's final, with the pair playing their own last-four match later today. And the world No 40 has now revealed that the top seed shared his hope to face Kyrgios in Sunday's final days before they knew they were within one match of doing so. "We actually message each other on DMs in Instagram now and stuff. It's real weird," the Aussie said of his "bromance" with Djokovic in a pre-final press conference. "Actually, like, earlier in the week, he was like, 'Hopefully I'll see you Sunday.'" JUST IN: Henman teases Cash after 'four glasses of wine' before BBC duty  Kyrgios and Djokovic had a frosty relationship in the past, with the 27-year-old calling the world No 3 a "strange cat" and letting rip when Djokovic organised the Adria Tour during the height of the pandemic in 2020 - an exhibition which saw several of the players involved catch Covid after being spotted dancing together and getting close with fans. But Canberra native stood up for the six-time Wimbledon champion when he was deported from Australia at the start of the year on the eve of the first Grand Slam of 2022, and Kyrgios has now opened up on their unlikely friendship ahead of a potential meeting in the final. "We definitely have a bit of a bromance now, which is weird. I think everyone knows there was no love lost for a while there. I think it was healthy for the sport. I think every time we played each other, there was hype around it. It was interesting for the media, the people watching, all that," Kyrgios explained. DON'T MISSRussian-born Wimbledon semi-finalist reacts to war after escaping banOns Jabeur's sweet gesture for Maria after reaching Wimbledon finalRafael Nadal injury update as Wimbledon star hides from spotlight    He continued: "I felt like I was almost the only kind of player and someone to stand up for him with all that kind of drama at Australian Open. I feel like that's where respect is kind of earned. Not on the tennis court, but I feel like when a real life crisis is happening and someone stands up for you..." Djokovic will take on another first-time Grand Slam semi-finalist in British No 1 Norrie on Centre Court on Friday to earn a spot in the final after sharing his hope to see Kyrgios there. The Serb is bidding for his fourth consecutive title at the All England Club and 21st Major overall.