Barcelona’s transfer spending this summer could hand Tottenham a massive boost in their pursuit of forward Memphis Depay. The La Liga outfit are facing the prospect of a bloated squad after targeting two new forwards without selling their current players first. And that is likely to be music to the ears of Spurs boss Antonio Conte, who is eyeing more new signings despite already bringing in Richarlison, Ivan Perisic, Fraser Forster and Yves Bissouma. Depay is believed to be on Tottenham’s radar as a cut-price replacement for Steven Bergwijn, who has joined Ajax for £25million. The Dutchman moved to the Blaugrana last summer on a free transfer but his transfer has not gone to plan since leaving Lyon. He scored 13 goals in 38 appearances across all competitions last season, but was used sparingly by Xavi after replacing Ronald Koeman as head coach. READ MORE: Tottenham target Memphis Depay has dropped hint over moving to London The Catalan giants have already agreed a deal to sign Raphinha from Leeds that could rise to £67million. That is despite confirmation of a new two-year contract for Ousmane Dembele, who was thought to have been replaced by Rapinha. And they are now expected to step up their efforts to strike an agreement with Bayern Munich over Robert Lewandowski, with the Polish striker desperate to move to the Camp Nou this summer. The Bavarian giants want a fee of around £40m for the 33-year-old and Barca are edging closer towards the fee. Now that Xavi Hernandez’s dream front three is finally taking shape, it could leave the Spaniard with a conundrum in terms of his bloated squad size. The 42-year-old brought in Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang on a free transfer from Arsenal and rewarded the Gabonese with a new contract after an impressive first six months in Catalonia. DON'T MISSTottenham at 'front of queue' for Kounde as other clubs watch onConte has explained his plan for Richarlison after Tottenham debutTottenham boss Conte blasted for 'madness' training routine Similarly, the club paid £55m to capture Ferran Torres from Manchester City back in January and it does not appear the Spain international will be leaving anytime soon after a decent start to life back in Spain. With Aubameyang, Dembele, Lewandowski, Raphinha, Torres and Depay all available to choose from, Xavi will surely attempt to offload at least one player this summer. And the latter may see it as an opportunity to try his luck in England once again after an ill-fated spell at Manchester United. Reports in Spain suggest the 28-year-old is focusing on fighting for his place next season and is “not keen” on a move abroad. But he may be forced out by Barca if it means relieving their financial woes, with Spurs eyeing up a £17m bid. Tottenham can offer Depay the lure of Champions League football next season after finishing fourth, and Conte will be hoping that the chance to play alongside Harry Kane, Son Heung-min, Richarlison and Dejan Kulusevski may be enough to turn his head.