 Battery electric vehicle production increased by 6.5 percent during the first six months to record levels, according to new data from the Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders. Although UK car manufacturing fell by a fifth in the last six months, many are seeing a light at the end of the tunnel with industry support for EVs.  More than 32,000 EVs were produced in the first half of this year. The new data was bolstered by a 44.2 percent rise during June resulting in a record output of zero-emission vehicles for the month. In comparison, output of petrol cars fell by eight percent while the production of diesel vehicles declined by a staggering 60 percent. The Government has also announced a massive £3.4billion investment into UK industries, primarily for EV production and supply chains. READ MORE: 'Reduces fuel you use': Drivers should drive with item in back seat  With the sale of new petrol and diesel vehicles set to be banned from 2030, many are looking to invest in electric before then, cutting emissions and costs at the same time. Graham Conway, Managing Director at Select Car Leasing, said this investment was a “bright spot” for the UK automotive sector. He added: “Whilst electric vehicle manufacturing has become more common and beneficial to the automotive industry, EVs are also significantly beneficial for the environment. “Whilst they are reducing carbon emissions, more widespread battery recycling will also be more efficient and reduce the need to extract new materials, therefore decreasing the reliance on production of new batteries. DON'T MISSHow to check tyre function - drivers could face '£2,500 fines' [WARNING]Simple way drivers can save money on fuel by adjusting their windows [INSIGHT]Drivers and MPs slam Sadiq Khan's ULEZ expansion - 'He doesn't care!' [SHOCKING] DON'T MISSHow to check tyre function - drivers could face '£2,500 fines' [WARNING]Simple way drivers can save money on fuel by adjusting their windows [INSIGHT]Drivers and MPs slam Sadiq Khan's ULEZ expansion - 'He doesn't care!' [SHOCKING]  “An increasing number of lease customers are making the jump to electric cars and vans, with many new players now coming to the market, particularly from China, as Chinese manufacturers are getting more and more of a foothold on Britain’s forecourts. “It’s great to see this boost in the electric vehicle market and we encourage people to continue jumping on board the electric revolution as we have been for some time.” Research from LV= General Insurance found that by the end of the decade, around 31 percent of annual used car sales will be battery electric vehicles. In 2021, electric vehicles made up just 1.3 percent of the total number of cars on the road, with just under 400,000 cars.  By next year, the number is expected to exceed one million, although this will only equate to 3.1 percent of the total. By 2025, the figure will double to approximately six percent and then treble to 19 percent by 2030 with 6.4 million cars. ElectriX, a new venture from LV=, is looking to help more of Britain’s drivers switch to electric through leasing, charging and insurance. At a time when some vehicle manufacturers are facing waiting times of between nine and 12 months, experts are looking to close the gap for drivers.  Some of the most popular electric vehicles on the market are available through the service including the Renault ZOE, Hyundai KONA, Volkswagen ID.3 and the Peugeot 208. Gill Nowell, Head of EV Communications at ElectriX, commented: “Electric cars are our future and are rapidly gaining in popularity as being great cars to own and drive. “The tide is turning in favour of zero tailpipe emission vehicles, with battery electric cars making up 16 percent of car sales during the first half of 2022, but we still have a long way to go. “This is where ElectriX comes in. We want to take the hassle out of electric car ownership which is why we’re giving drivers who are thinking about making the switch access to useful information, products and services, demystifying some of the common jargon used and be a source of truth when it comes to zero tailpipe emission driving.”