Virgin River fans have binged their way through season four, which arrived on Netflix in July. They will be thrilled to hear a fifth season is already in production, and it will see the return of Doc Mullins (played by Tim Matheson) and Hope (Annette O'Toole). There may be trouble ahead for the couple following a theory by Express.co.uk that Doc rekindles his relationship with Rose. Fans were in for a shock when they met Doc's grandson Denny (Kai Bradbury) in season four. Doc had no idea he had any children, let alone a grandson, as he was told his former girlfriend Rose Miller was dead. However, Denny said it was his grandmother Rose who told him all about Vernon, and he wanted to find out more. Doc discovered Rose was still alive and she had been pregnant when she broke up with Doc in college. Rose went on to have a son, called Ryan, who later became Denny's father. READ MORE: Who is Vince in Virgin River? Knowing Rose is still alive, Doc could try to make contact with her in season five. He has plenty of reasons to do so, as he is desperate to fill in the gaps in his family history. Doc could also try and call on Rose to convince her to speak to Denny after he revealed his secret. Denny said he was battling Huntington's Disease and his condition was terminal. When Doc asked him to seek professional support, Denny refused. It is possible Doc, as a last resort, tracks down Rose to get her to make Denny see sense. If anyone can talk him around, it is the person he has felt closest to all this time. However, during their reunion, Doc and Rose may start to discuss their own relationship and why it fell apart. They clearly loved each other, but Rose felt she had no choice but to leave as she was too scared to say she was pregnant. After clearing the air, they may realise their feelings for one another never left. DON'T MISS... Is Calvin really dead in Virgin River? [THEORY] Virgin River’s Annette O’Toole shares difficulty of change to Hope [INTERVIEW] Is Mike a dirty cop in Virgin River? [DISCUSSION] Doc has been having a difficult time with Hope recently, following her accident. His stubborn wife did not want people to fuss over her and she wanted to be alone, rather than get support. She lied to Doc on a number of occasions and even cancelled one of her rehab appointments behind his back. She also put herself in danger by driving, even though she had not been given the all-clear to do so. If she continues to go against him, Doc may reach the end of his tether. He may spend more time with Rose in order to escape Hope for a little while. As Doc's emotional vulnerability comes through, one thing could lead to another between him and Rose. If Hope found out about their meetings, she would be heartbroken and would feel even more alone. It would be a huge blow to her health, especially as the pair were planning to get married again. Viewers will have to wait and see whether Rose is introduced as a character in season five.  Virgin River season 5 is in production now.