Transport for London's Group Finance Director, Patrick Doig, revealed the next phase might need another £275million to be completed or Crossrail chiefs "won't have the funds needed to complete the rest of the scheme." He told the London Assembly: "[TfL boss] Andy Byford promised that additional funding would not exceed £1.1bn. We are absolutely on track to ensure no additional public money is required above that £1.1bn."  "We only have £825m funded. We're driving really hard to keep funding within that, but it's unlikely we'll be able to get there." Mr Doig said he was speaking to City Hall and the Department for Transport (DfT) about how to fund the extra £275m, which has become an "urgent issue". He added: "It's something we need to resolve by about September, otherwise we won't have the funds needed to complete the rest of the scheme. "It's becoming an urgent issue...but we're in positive discussions." The next phase will see the Elizabeth line integrated across the east and west sections this autumn. The new connection will bring what are currently three railways together, which will enable direct services from Reading and Heathrow through to Abbey Wood, and from Shenfield through to Paddington.  READ MORE: Can I use my Freedom Pass on the Elizabeth line? Currently passengers have to make at least one change to complete the route. Crossrail chiefs already recieved a Government loan of £825m loan last December to get the project over the line. With the projected £275 million possibly needed, the total of handouts would amount to £1.1billion.  DON'T MISS Elizabeth line map journey times - how long your journey will take [INSIGHT]Elizabeth line chaos: Paddington Station evacuated hours after opening [INFO]Elizabeth Line: How long does it take between Heathrow and London? [EXPLAINER] The Elizabeth line was beset by delays over a number of years. The Crossrail project was scheduled to finish by December 2018 but in May - three years and five months later - it finally welcomed passengers. It aims to boost capacity and cut ­journey times.  The line stretches from Reading and Heathrow airport, in west London, to Shenfield, in Essex, and Abbey Wood, in ­south-east London. There are 24 nine-car trains running hourly in the central ­section, each carrying up to 1,500 passengers. The Queen made a surprise appearance to open the £18.9billion Crossrail project - named after her - but declined to ride one of the new trains. Her youngest son the Earl of Wessex had been listed to attend the opening at Paddington station but organisers knew there was a chance the Queen might be able to join guests, including Prime Minister Boris Johnson and London Mayor Sadiq Khan.