All say it is blighting lives, with the vulnerable and struggling shops and hospitality enterprises in desperate need of help. Campaigners also want Boris Johnson's successor to ensure pensions, benefits and wages keep pace with rising prices so people can "thrive rather than just survive".  As prices continue to soar, Sabine Goodwin, coordinator of the Independent Food Aid Network, was among those calling on the next occupant of No 10 to ensure those most at risk are not forgotten. She said: "We hope to see urgent and much needed changes to ensure social security payments, as well as wages, match the rising cost of living. Charitable food aid isn't the answer to the rapidly worsening poverty crisis." Gemma Hope, policy chief at Leonard Cheshire, a charity which supports the disabled to live independently, Sabine added:"Leadership may change but the challenges remain the same. Cost-of-living pressures on disabled people are reaching crisis levels. "First and foremost, the next Prime Minister needs to urgently raise benefits in line with inflation because the current crisis is forcing disabled claimants into hardship as their incomes are eroded. "This issue cannot wait. Neither can the issue of rising fuel costs." Dennis Reed, director of SilverVoices, fears the new PM will pledge income tax cuts to appeal to the party faithful, hitting public services. His campaign group for the over 60s is demanding a fresh deal for older people with a £200-a-week minimum state pension for all, regardless of contributions. This was championed in last week's Daily Express. Mr Reed added it was also vital that health and social care services are not damaged by any tax cut pledges the new PM may give to get elected.  He added: "There are hundreds of thousands of people who aren't getting social care at home.They are in hospital in beds because they can't get social care at home, so that rebounds on accident and emergency, ambulance services and everything else." And Age UK director Caroline Abrahams said: "We would like to see a new Prime Minister move quickly to confirm the return of theTriple Lock on the State Pension next year, lift the threat hanging over free prescriptions for 60 to 65 year olds and look urgently at what can be done to improve the quality and availability of social care in the short and medium term." " The charity also wants easier access to GPs. Pubs, restaurants and shops also called for urgent help to offset the bills' impact on customers' pockets. Andrew Goodacre, of the British Independent Retailers' Association, said: "Businesses need certainty and a clear strategy to manage the economy through this dificult economic period. Goodwin "To improve footfall we need fiscal intervention to boost consumer confidence - tax cuts, direct steps to reduce cost of energy and address those pressure points that make consumers feel worse off." " Emma McClarkin, of the British Beer and Pub Association, added: "Our sector remains on a knife edge, with only one in three businesses making a prfit.We need immediate relief to curb rising costs and solve our staffing crisis." And Kate Nicholls, of UK Hospitality, said: "We need a clear plan that addresses the cost of doing business, maintains investment and consumer spend.The Government needs to cut business taxes to drive investment and growth." 