Manchester United are reportedly prepared to make Frenkie de Jong their best-paid player at the club. However, this is a decision that could irk and upset Cristiano Ronaldo and other big earners at Old Trafford. At least, if history is anything to go by… Manchester United have agreed to pay an initial £63million for De Jong, having spent nearly three months locked in intense talks with Barcelona. But, still, the saga goes on amid claims the Netherlands international is reluctant to leave the Nou Camp for Old Trafford this summer. According to Sport, United are now preparing their ‘final offensive’ for the 25-year-old - who is Erik ten Hag’s top transfer target despite links to the likes of Youri Tielemans, Ruben Neves and Sergej Milinkovic-Savic. And it’s claimed the Red Devils are ready to make De Jong their best-paid player to ensure he finally moves to the Premier League. However, that decision carries a risk. Putting De Jong on more money than Ronaldo may frustrate the Portugal international, who will no doubt feel he deserves even more. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative Ronaldo scored 24 goals across all competitions last term, more than justifying his current pay packet in the process. De Jong would also earn more than forwards such as Jadon Sancho and Marcus Rashford, who are both expected to be vital figures under Ten Hag this season. And while this is mere speculation, history suggests making a new recruit their top earner could have disastrous consequences. In the January transfer window of 2018, United sensed an opportunity in the market. Alexis Sanchez wanted to leave Arsenal, having grown frustrated at the Gunners’ failure to challenge for the Premier League title. Manchester City had been frontrunners for the Chile international, having looked set to secure Sanchez’s signature a few months previously. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong Yet United managed to gazump their rivals, pulling off a swap deal that saw Henrikh Mkhitaryan move in the opposite direction. Sanchez was immediately given a massive wage, with the current Inter Milan forward paid £400,000-a-week at Old Trafford. But that decision upset the balance of the dressing room and Paul Pogba, in particular. Pogba had been United’s best-paid player and reports at the time said the France international was upset when Sanchez arrived and took that mantle from him. The World Cup winner’s form seemed to suffer, too, with the player struggling under Jose Mourinho. The pair fell out and were even embroiled in a couple of spats, too. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. One was during a 2-0 defeat to Tottenham, with both Pogba and Sanchez cutting anonymous figures as United slumped to a disappointing defeat in north London. And another was at the club’s Carrington training complex, in front of the cameras of Sky Sports - who were filming at the time. Mourinho was never able to win Pogba round and, in December 2018, lost his job following a difficult start to the season. Sanchez would go on to be offloaded by Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, initially on loan, before his move to Inter Milan was made permanent two years ago. And United’s dressing room became far more harmonious as a result. United obviously want De Jong at all costs, with Ten Hag eager to secure a reunion with a player he previously managed at Ajax. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team But whether they’re successful in landing the 25-year-old, especially with all the hurdles standing in the way, is something only time will tell. Meanwhile, former Leeds and Tottenham goalkeeper Paul Robinson thinks United should abandon their pursuit of De Jong if the midfielder is willing to take a pay cut to stay at Barcelona. “If the rumours are true, Manchester United should walk away from it,” he said. “I think he has come out and said that he is not keen on leaving Barcelona. “United keep knocking and knocking. If it is true that he will take a pay cut, United have to turn their attentions elsewhere. They are wasting their time otherwise. “I think they need to try and get a deal for Tielemans over the line.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here