Yet in recent decades, Conservative leadership contests have regularly produced surprising results, where rank outsiders have dramatically emerged as victors, like Margaret Thatcher in 1975 or David Cameron in 2005. It is possible that the same process is now underway. For months, the former Chancellor Rishi Sunak appeared to be the front-runner if Boris Johnson was forced out. Yet since the race began last week, he has faltered under the fire of opponents. His appearances have been defensively wooden, his launch video came across as insubstantial, and his campaign team have made poor tactical judgments. It is not as if most of his rivals have been particularly impressive. Penny Mordaunt, who topped a poll of Conservative activists this week, is haunted by her record of backing parts of the woke agenda, especially transgender ideology. Nor has Liz Truss done enough to lessen concerns that she remains a lightweight opportunist. But one previously unheralded figure has broken free from the pack and suddenly become a genuine challenger to Sunak. As a junior Minister who has only sat in the Commons for five years, Kemi Badenoch has until now had little public recognition. But she has electrified the leadership race with her compelling performances, which have mixed firm convictions with clear articulation.  At Westminster, she has won admiration in recent years as a principled champion of free speech and a ferocious critic of fashionable metropolitan dogma. Now her talent and courage are being displayed on a bigger stage. In politics, as in war, the wisest strategy is to do what the enemy fears most. Badenoch, born in London but raised in Nigeria, is undoubtedly the leadership candidate that really terrifies Labour. So many of the other contenders would present Sir Keir Starmer and his party with an easy target since they represent politics as usual. But Badenoch, an eloquent, successful black woman, would be a completely different proposition. By her very presence at the top, she would transform the political landscape. The Tories would look like the party of Britain’s future, with Labour still trapped in the past, mouthing slogans about diversity but failing to act on them. Indeed, Badenoch’s triumph would be an Exocet missile at the heart of the Labour Party’s self-righteous claim to have a monopoly on the virtues of anti-racism. Her elevation to No 10 would not only make a mockery of the false but perennial left-wing charge that the Tories are awash with bigotry, but would also be a shattering blow to the entire grievance industry that thrives on the divisive pretence that Britain is irredeemably scarred by prejudice.  As Badenoch herself said in one of her powerful contributions in the Commons, the dogmatists “see my blackness as victimhood” and “whiteness as oppression.” If she became Prime Minister, Labour and its doctrinaire allies would not know what had hit them. They would be confronted with someone from a migrant background who does not fit their stereotype, who loves this country with a passion and who is willing to take on the destructive culture of self-loathing that has gripped our institutions. Some argue that she has too little experience to be PM, but neither David Cameron nor Tony Blair had held any kind of ministerial office before they entered Downing Street and both turned out to be highly effective managers. Theresa May’s long service as Home Secretary did not prevent her being a disaster in the top job. There is no reason why Badenoch, a hard-headed Brexiteer who believes in sound money and limited Government, should not be a success. Assured at the Despatch Box and in committee, she always seems in command of her subject.  My wise Express colleague, Patrick O’Flynn, who was one of the earliest to spot her potential, says that she is “probably the most well-briefed politician I have ever spoken to.” Just like Mrs Thatcher, who was a science graduate, Badenoch has a degree in a tough, practical subject: computer engineering. She worked in the real commercial worlds of information technology and financial services before entering politics, another reason she seems more grounded than many of her contemporaries. Her candidacy is full of rich possibilities and the chance of an invigorating fresh start. Choosing her would be a tremendous gamble. But such gambles have paid off before. 