After 23 years of hosting the afternoon Wright in the Afternoon on BBC Radio 2, Steve Wright, 67, has broken his silence after the cancellation of his show. It was announced last week that Steve was being replaced by Radio 1 Scott Mills, 49. Listeners were furious about the shake-up, and Steve addressed the response on his Sunday show. He told fans: "Before we start the show proper, if I may, I'd just like to say thank you ever so much for all the messages that have come in, over the weekend after I announced on Friday in the afternoon that we are leaving the afternoon show." He confirmed: "This show stays," talking about his weekend series. He assured listeners that he'd be doing "other exciting projects for Radio 2". READ MORE: BBC Breakfast viewers thrilled as they welcome back much-loved host Continuing his speech, he went on: "So I'm not going anywhere. Not going anywhere! "Thank you very much for the kind words. It really, really means a lot and I'm back on afternoons until the autumn from tomorrow anyway. So thank you very much." On Friday it was announced that the afternoon show would come to an end in September. Scott's new show will replace the slot. Fans sympathised as Steve made an emotional announcement on his show ahead of the weekend. "I’ll try not to become emotional or self-indulgent, this is going to be a little bit difficult", Wright began. “At the end of September, I’ll be taking a break from daytime radio. In other words, stepping down from this programme. “At the beginning of this year, my friend and boss Helen Thomas, head of Radio 2, said she wanted to do something different in the afternoons." Wright continued: “I’ve been doing this programme for 24 years at Radio Two, and so how can I possibly complain? DON'T MISS... Leah Charles King on worst A Place in the Sun locations [EXCLUSIVE]Coronation Street's Spider star pays sweet tribute to Emily actress [VIDEO]Dan Walker admits BBC Breakfast role was 'not healthy' [LATEST] "The support and creative freedom that I’m given is fantastic at Radio Two, and really I can’t hold the slot forever. So let’s give somebody else a go.” Steve seemed as though he had accepted the decision, but DJ Peter Price has been very vocal on the matter. He spoke up on GB News, stating that the BBC's decision "stinks of ageism" against the beloved host. The 76-year-old asked: “Why do these bosses come in and think they know better than the presenters?  "They don’t. You want to get a life, you stupid morons! How dare you get rid of Steve Wright!” The ageism claims are the latest age-related discrimination allegations to hit the BBC. In 2011, presenter Miriam O'Reilly won a case after she was axed from working on Countryfile. She was 53 at the time of her dismissal from the channel's staple Sunday evening show. Further claims came recently when Sue Barker, then 64, was replaced by 48-year-old Paddy McGuinness as host on A Question of Sport. Express.co.uk has approached BBC for a comment.