Tanaya Beatty appeared in cowboy series Yellowstone between 2018 and 2019 portraying Avery, a ranch hand at the Dutton complex. She appeared in seasons one and two of Yellowstone before the character mysteriously vanished. Avery later turned up to cause more trouble after she declared she was in love with Kayce Dutton (played by Luke Grimes) in season four, causing problems for the cowboy’s wife Monica (Kelsey Asbille). Tanaya was born in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada on February 12, 1982. According to IMDb, her mother was a Native American of First Nations descent and her father was of Indian heritage. However, Tanaya was adopted by an Italian family and attended the Vancouver Film School, graduating in 2010. Along with Yellowstone, Beatty has starred in The Night Shift, Hostiles, The 100, Trust Justice, Continuum, and The Twilight Saga. READ MORE: Kelly Reilly accent: What is Yellowstone Beth Dutton's real accent? Beatty took the lead in Through Black Spruce in 2018, which focuses on missing and murdered indigenous Canadian women. Through Black Spruce is based on the 2008 novel of the same name by Joseph Boyden and resonated with Beatty personally due to her Native heritage. Speaking about the role in 2019 to CTV Your Morning, Tanaya said: “It’s sort of overwhelming, it’s hard, it’s surreal and it’s heartbreaking because it’s something that I think has impacted our lives directly being from First Nations communities, you know people who have girls who go missing. “It’s surreal and I also never thought they would even make a film like this that is largely supported by a Native cast.” Along with starring in Yellowstone, Beatty has also starred in God’s Country, Crimes of the Future, and Murder at Yellowstone City. She is next appearing in the movie Yesteryear, which is currently filming. Given the drama her character Avery has caused in Yellowstone, the actress is likely to be back rocking the boat in season five. Despite Kayce telling Avery he only had eyes for his wife Monica, it looks like there could be a love triangle on the cards. To make matters worse, actress Asbille has said Monica will get jealous of Kayce and Avery working together. Beatty also teased in a Yellowstone behind-the-scenes video: “Kayce sort of opens up that vulnerable side. “Anything can happen, I don’t know, but I know it’s gonna be interesting.” DON'T MISS...Kelly Reilly salary: How much is Kelly Reilly paid for Yellowstone? [EXPLAINER]Kelly Reilly nationality: Where is Yellowstone star Kelly Reilly from? [INSIGHT]Yellowstone: Is Kelly Reilly Kevin Costner's daughter? [ANALYSIS] Season five of Yellowstone will be airing on The Paramount Network on November 13 and already fans are speculating about what will come next. The cast and crew have already been sharing details with Beth Dutton actress Kelly Reilly posting a snap of the Montana wilderness while she filmed Yellowstone. Additionally, the Yellowstone franchise has been expanding with 1883, 1923, and 6666. While the first spin-off has already aired, the second will star Dame Helen Mirren and Harrison Ford with a release slated for December 2022. Yellowstone season 5 will air on The Paramount Network from November