Novak Djokovic's coach, Goran Ivanisevic, has insisted that he could not be prouder of the Serb after his latest Wimbledon victory amid the difficulties he has been forced to cope with over the course of this year. Djokovic wrapped up yet another Grand Slam title by defeating Nick Kyrgios in the final at the All England Club earlier this month but has not enjoyed the rub of the green for the vast majority of the season to date. He was prevented from playing at the Australian Open due to his vaccination status on the eve of the tournament before losing in the French Open quarter-finals at the hands of Rafael Nadal in May. Djokovic went on to restore some pride by winning Wimbledon to secure what could be his only Grand Slam title of the year, with his chances of playing at the US Open still in doubt as a result of the country's entry requirements."If I can say it, it was a s****y year, a difficult year, especially for him, but also for us who were close to him," Ivanisevic told TennisActu."After Australia, it took him a long time to find his form. Before the tournament, he really played amazing tennis. But you still need to win the tournament, so it wasn't easy. JUST IN: Russell aiming to copy Federer, Nadal and Djokovic to beat Hamilton "All this craziness with [ranking] points, but a Grand Slam is a Grand Slam. He's [got] 21, he really deserves it. It was a huge thing what happened to him in Australia, it took a long time."Monte-Carlo, Belgrade, then he started to play better, Madrid, Rome. He played well in Paris, but Rafa was better that night. It's amazing how he got away with it."It's really heroic because it was not easy to digest all that and come back to play tennis. We don't doubt people like him. He is a great champion." It remains to be seen whether Djokovic will be allowed to return to the Grand Slam stage at this year's US Open, which is set to get underway at the end of next month. The 35-year-old will need an exemption to take part in the tournament as things stand after reaffirming his stance against taking the vaccine in the aftermath of his recent Wimbledon triumph.Djokovic's presence would surely be missed at Flushing Meadows if he does not play at the US Open after reaching the final of last year's competition, in which he was beaten by eventual champion Daniil Medvedev. He has already underlined his desire to continue playing at the highest level for another few years before he decides to retire, though, which suggests that he will have further opportunities to achieve Grand Slam glory as he looks to chase down Nadal's record-breaking tally of 22 major titles. FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE