Camilla appeared to make a light-hearted dig at a political correctness row over the proper use of pronouns during a speech to guests at a gathering in London to celebrate her 75th birthday. The Duchess appeared in good spirits as the royal begin her speech with a tongue-in-cheek remark which triggered a chorus of laughter from those gathered in the National Liberal Club, Whitehall. Camilla opened the speech by saying: "Ladies and Gentlemen...if I am allowed to call you that!?" The Duchess's long-time friend Sarah Troughton later described the remarks on GMB as a "poke" at political correctness. Camilla delivered the speech to guests including Jeremy Irons and Dame Joanna Lumley. Actors, musicians and writers joined the Duchess for a celebratory champagne reception and sea bass lunch.  The afternoon began with the duchess greeting arrivals in the club's foyer before heading up to the terrace, which overlooks Whitehall Gardens. Sipping from a Diet Coke with ice and lime - though a Jean de Foigny champagne was also on offer - Camilla chatted with well-wishers including Sir Derek Jacobi and Sian Phillips. Once the group had moved into the dining room, the duchess spoke about the year she was born and paid tribute to the Duke of Edinburgh, who died in April last year. "I know that some of you were around in 1947 - by the way, a vintage year for claret," she said. "It was also the year when the first Ealing Comedies were released, the school leaving age was raised to 15, Gardeners' Question Time was first broadcast, the University of Cambridge admitted women to full membership and soft loo paper went on sale for the first time. "It was also in 1947 that the-then Princess Elizabeth married Lieutenant Philip Mountbatten: two of the most remarkable people in our country's history. "The Duke of Edinburgh's philosophy was clear - look up, look out, say less, do more and get on with the job - and that's just what I intend to do." Speaking near to a marble statue of William Gladstone, Britain's oldest prime minister, she continued: "Both he and Her Majesty have been... an inspiration to each one of us here to do the same, whatever her age." DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan and Harry row over announcement [LIVE] Royal POLL: Should Prince Andrew continue to push for royal return? [VOTE] Sophie Wessex's popularity plummets in latest Royal Family poll [REVEAL]  "It was also the year when the first Ealing Comedies were released, the school leaving age was raised to 15, Gardeners' Question Time was first broadcast, the University of Cambridge admitted women to full membership and soft loo paper went on sale for the first time. "It was also in 1947 that the-then Princess Elizabeth married Lieutenant Philip Mountbatten: two of the most remarkable people in our country's history. "The Duke of Edinburgh's philosophy was clear - look up, look out, say less, do more and get on with the job - and that's just what I intend to do." Speaking near to a marble statue of William Gladstone, Britain's oldest prime minister, she continued: "Both he and Her Majesty have been... an inspiration to each one of us here to do the same, whatever her age." As the sea bass arrived, Camilla was seated next to Lord Lloyd Webber and Jeremy Irons, with the children's author Michael Morpurgo opposite. Before pudding - Earl Grey tea and dark chocolate truffle cake - she took Dame Joanna Lumley's chair, where she joined Nigel Havers and former ITN newsreader Sir Trevor McDonald. As the sea bass arrived, Camilla was seated next to Lord Lloyd Webber and Jeremy Irons, with the children's author Michael Morpurgo opposite. Before pudding - Earl Grey tea and dark chocolate truffle cake - she took Dame Joanna Lumley's chair, where she joined Nigel Havers and former ITN newsreader Sir Trevor McDonald. After a speech by Lord Williams, who hailed the duchess as a "warrior lady", Camilla was presented with a birthday cake by her 15-year-old granddaughter, Lola. The tiered creation - featuring the duchess' coat of arms and Jack Russells - was wheeled in on a trolley as the award-winning bass baritone Willard White led guests in a round of "Happy Birthday".