The two most suitable diets for managing type two diabetes are considered the Ketogenic and Mediterranean diets. The Ketogenic, or Keto for short, is an ultra-low carbohydrate but high-fat diet which involves a dramatic reduction in carbohydrate intake. Meanwhile, the Mediterranean diet is also low in carbohydrates and contains a moderately high fat content, one that emphasises vegetables, legumes, fruits, whole grains, olive oil, and fish. According to research by Stanford University both of these diets are effective at managing blood glucose levels. READ MORE: Cancer symptoms: Feel that? Two 'general' signs that can be 'felt'  However, of these two the best one is considered to be the Mediterranean. This is in part because it is considered easier to follow and provided people with a greater range of foods. Professor Christopher Gardner said: “The keto diet was more polarising. “What we were hearing is that some people just couldn’t do the keto because it was too restrictive.”  Speaking about diets and diabetes, Professor Gardner added: “The main issue in diabetes is the inability to manage your blood glucose, and the biggest effect on your blood glucose is your diet. “The lower in carbs you go, the more you’re wiping out entire food groups that are considered very nutrient dense and healthy.” Overall, Gardner said the most important takeaway was there was no additional overall health benefit to cutting out legumes, fruits, and wholegrains to achieve an ultra-low carbohydrate diet. He concluded: “There’s no reason to restrict heart-healthy, quality carbohydrate foods above and beyond.” READ MORE: How can I get a Covid test? What are the differences between type one and type two diabetes? Type one diabetes occurs when then body’s immune system attacks and destroys the cells that produce insulin. Type two diabetes is where the body does not produce enough insulin, or the body’s cells do not react to insulin. As well as working in different ways, type two is also more common than type one, accounting for 90 percent of cases. The most common symptoms of type two diabetes are:• Peeing more than usual• Feeling thirsty all the time• Feeling very tired• Losing weight without trying to• Itching around the penis or vagina• Cuts or wounds taking longer to heal• Blurred vision. Should these symptoms carry on for a prolonged period of time a GP visit is recommended in order to obtain a potential diabetes diagnosis.