Chelsea signing Matthijs de Ligt could have a huge negative effect on Arsenal. That is because Juventus are interested in signing Gunners star Gabriel Magalhaes as a potential replacement for the Dutchman, according to reports. Gabriel has been a key member of the Arsenal backline since his move from Lille in 2020. And his performances have caught the eye of some of Europe's best. Barcelona have been linked with the Brazilian in recent months, as have Juventus. And Chelsea could have an impact in the 24-year-old's future. Italian football reporter Alfredo Pedulla says Chelsea are preparing their first offer for De Ligt. The Blues are set to submit a proposal of £60million (€70m) plus bonuses for the former Ajax star. READ MORE: Arsenal make Serge Gnabry transfer decision after missing out on Raphinha  Chelsea are in desperate need of new defenders. Both Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen have left the club after their contracts expired. Sevilla's Jules Kounde and Manchester City's Nathan Ake are also both targets. But De Ligt has recently emerged as a prime option for Tuchel. If De Ligt were to leave, then Gabriel could be an option. Italian outlet Gazzetta dello Sport claims the Arsenal star is one of the defenders Juve would target. DON'T MISSMan Utd face further transfer snub as Bayern Munich 'make first bid' for Red Devils targetTottenham chief Daniel Levy works magic again as details of Barcelona deal surfaceLiverpool boss Klopp has four pressing priorities now Mohamed Salah contract confirmed  Juve would look to the foreign market for a replacement and they believe Gabriel's profile is 'convincing'. The report claims Juve believe a deal could be struck with the Gunners for around £25.8m (€30m). However, Arsenal may not be willing to let a key first-team player leave for such a low fee. Gabriel has made 70 appearances in his two seasons in north London and formed a successful partnership with Ben White last term. William Saliba will return to the club this summer following his loan spell at Marseille. That could make Mikel Arteta more willing to let Gabriel go for the right price.  However, the Mirror claimed earlier this summer Arsenal believe Gabriel wants to stay and he could sign a new contract. His current deal expires in 2025. Speaking generally about his squad earlier this year, Arsenal boss Arteta admitted he may be powerless to stop some of the club's best players from leaving the club. He said: "What we have to be really prepared [for] is when we're going to do that and why we're going to do that, and we can control the timings and we can have the decision-making on when is the right time to do it and be prepared for that. "So sometimes it is inevitable because you cannot offer the same competition level as they've been offered or because you think it is the right moment to make a move. But in principle we want to maintain our best players and keep them and get better." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 