Party members want Mr Johnson's name to be included on the ballot paper when they vote for who they want to be leader next month. Conservatives are being asked to back with Rishi Sunak or Liz Truss to take over in No10. But a growing number in the grassroots are making it clear they want the incumbent to remain in post. A petition organised by the Tory donor Lord Cruddas and former Conservative MEP David Campbell Bannerman is being quickly shared among those in the party who still support Mr Johnson. The petition which is written is the style of a letter to Andrew Stephenson, the party chairman, states: "Back in 2019, Boris Johnson was elected by the membership to be our new leader. "Now that choice has been changed without referral to the people that elected him, the loyal and hard-working membership of the Conservative Party. READ MORE ON OUR TORY LEADERSHIP LIVE BLOG  "I accept that there are current rules in place that we will have a choice between the final two candidates but that is not the point because our first choice has been removed without our involvement. "You cannot disenfranchise the membership from the whole process from the beginning as this is open to abuse by the parliamentary party who may have vested interest reasons and grievances to settle against our leader, which has been the case with the current process." It adds: "Let me tell you that morale amongst the membership is low and there is anger towards the parliamentary party. "I demand Boris Johnson be added to the ballot as an option for the members to vote upon in the forthcoming election." Many of those who still support Mr Johnson blame the dozens of ministers who resigned from Government two weeks ago for unfairly ousting how as leader. They especially blame the former Chancellor, Mr Sunak, who they accuse of preparing his leadership plans months before the Prime Minister announced he would be stepping down.  A Tory MP accused the removal of Mr Johnson as being "impeachment". "It is an attempt to bury Boris Johnson. This is dynamite," they told The Daily Telegraph. "This is an impeachment. It is absolutely outrageous.” DON'T MISS:Peter Barnes warned 'Rishi not seen as a Conservative' [REACTION]Tory leadership polls: Who is the favourite right now? [INSIGHT]Tory chaos over Boris betrayal - ask Michael Fabricant YOUR questions [GET INVOLVED] Speaking on the steps of Downing Street on July 7, Mr Johnson made clear he did not wish to quit but had been forced out by his party. "It is now clearly the will of the parliamentary Conservative party that there should be a new leader of that party and therefore a new Prime Minister," he said. "The reason I have fought so hard for the last few days to continue to deliver [our] mandate in person was not just because I wanted to do so but because I felt it was my job, my duty, my obligation to you to continue to do what we promised in 2019." He added: "As we’ve seen at Westminster, the herd is powerful and when the herd moves, it moves." On Wednesday afternoon, at what is set to have been his last outing in the House of Commons, Mr Johnson also teased he could make a come back in future. "Mission accomplished - for now," he told MPs before signing off "hasta la vista", which literally translates to "see you later". A spokesman for the 1922 committee, which organises leadership contests, said the rules of the race taking place this summer had been set and Mr Johnson would not be included on the ballot paper. A new leader will be announced on September 5 before taking charge of the country as Prime Minister the next day on September 6.