A dirty or limescale-riddled shower head will simply not work as efficiently, not to mention, it could be full or bacteria also. Thankfully, there are plenty of efficient ways to descale and clean your shower head using basic household items like baking soda, vinegar and even cola - none of which will require bleach. So, whichever method you use to keep your shower head working as it should, rest assured that you won't have to call on harsh cleaning agents for great results. Baking soda was hailed by one bathroom specialist as a “key ingredient” to “effectively” clean shower heads. Using a cake raising agent to get rid of limescale might seem a bit bonkers, but cleaning with baking soda is a budget way to remove calcium build-up on shower heads. Rikki Fothergill, style expert at luxury bathroom specialist at Big Bathroom Shop, said: “Baking soda is a key ingredient in a bid to unclog a shower head without vinegar. “Cheap to purchase and simple to use, baking soda represents a natural antibacterial cleaning solution. READ MORE: How to make a ‘big difference’ renovating a home on a ‘small budget’ “To use effectively, you should add a small amount of water to baking soda to create a paste. “If the solution becomes runny as a result of too much water being added, simply add more baking soda.” For shower heads that are severely clogged up, it is best to pair baking soda with white vinegar. To try this method, mix 1/3 cup of baking soda with one-cup of white vinegar in a large plastic bag over your sink or in the bathtub. DON'T MISS: Use ‘candle trick’ for the ‘fastest’ method to banish flies from homes [EXPERT]‘Fastest way’ to ‘kill’ moss without ‘decimating’ your grass for 44p [TIPS]Are there 'criminal plants' in your garden? 9 plants you can’t grow [INSIGHT] The solution will fizz which is what you want as this will help lift the limescale from the shower head. Ensure the entire shower head is covered in the solution and secure the plastic bag with a rubber band. Leave it soaking overnight for maximum effect, then scrub any clinging limescale off with a soft toothbrush and rinse in hot water. If homeowners do not have baking soda, they can also use vinegar on its own. READ MORE: How to avoid hydrangea transplant shock for plant to thrive in summer However it is essential to leave the shower head soaking the solution overnight for the “best” results, says one expert. Ollie Lyon, resident DIY expert at Plumbworld explained: “Leave it overnight to get the best limescale removal. “Then, rinse thoroughly with water until the water runs smoothly through the holes.” Homeowners may need to have a pin to hand to unblock the holes. The expert added: “Keeping on top of the cleaning of your shower head is important. “The process of soaking in vinegar should be repeated every week during your general bathroom clean. “This will mean that the problem will not have a chance to take hold.” Once the initial clean has been done, a few minutes of soaking should be enough to keep on top of it if done regularly. But Ollie still advises using a vinegar spray on shower head holes to help to unclog them in between cleans.