Thousands of travellers have been on the receiving end of flight cancellations and lengthy delays inside Britain’s airports recently with a number of airlines struggling to deal with demand. So much so, that Heathrow has now capped its daily passenger limit to 100,000. Speaking to GB News colleague Ellie Costello who delivered the latest from the airport, Eamonn Holmes blasted the situation as a “complete and utter shambles”. “This move is set to cause more aggravation for passengers that are trying to get out of Heathrow this summer,” Ellie said of the Heathrow cap. “What a complete and utter shambles,” Eamonn weighed in. “What a mess. “And they say, ‘Oh don’t worry, at the airlines' expense they will fly you to your destination.’ “Yeah, but they transfer you to where? Southampton? Aberdeen? Where?” READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes fumes as Harry set to address UN He continued: “If you want to go from Heathrow, you wanna go from Heathrow! “You don’t wanna go from East Midlands!” Eamonn added before co-host Isabel Webster touched on how the travel chaos could’ve played a part in Transport Secretary Grant Shapps deciding not to run in the ongoing Conservative party leadership contest. “You wonder why Grant Shapps pulled out mid-afternoon yesterday from the leadership contest,” Isabel said. She went on: “He couldn’t get together 20 MPs to support his bid to be leader - everyone’s furious with him! “Because of this mess in our airports,” Isabel added before asking viewers for their own experiences of airport chaos. Eamonn interjected to repeat his take, adding: “It’s an absolute complete shambles… “And it’s all down to greed,” he said. “Down to greed with the airports and what they say they can handle. “The airlines, it’s due to incompetence after the pandemic, greed from the point of view that people aren’t being paid the right wages to be able to do their job! DON'T MISS:Furious GMB row breaks out after calls for TAX to fund green causesCamilla defended against sexist comparison to ‘perfect princess Diana’Business owner rages over heatwave debate on GMB 'Snowflakes!' “They’re basically saying we don’t want to do the job anymore, not at that rate!” Eamonn's rant comes as Heathrow Airport revealed it will limit the number of passengers to fewer than originally scheduled. The cap of 100,000 is 4,000 down on the airport's original plans. The limitations will come into effect during peak summer months to help alleviate the chaotic scenes which have emerged from airports of late.  Passengers will feel the effect of the changes from now until September 11. Regarding specifics of the changes and which flights will be cancelled, a spokesperson has confirmed it will take a "couple of days". A Heathrow spokesperson said the airlines will need to work with scheduling company, Airport Coordination Limited, to iron out the alterations. Breakfast with Eamonn and Isabel airs Monday to Thursday at 6am on GB News.