Richard Walker appeared on Good Morning Britain to discuss the problems the UK faces over the mounting cost-of-living crisis. He appeared on the ITV news programme yesterday morning, and spoke to hosts Ed Balls and Susanna Reid about his concerns. Mr Walker said soaring food costs have sparked a rise in shoplifting and aggressive incidents across Iceland stores. He added: "I get the serious incident reports every week of aggressive behaviour that goes on in our stores and unfortunately it is going up because people are struggling." A recent survey by the ONS (Office for National Statistics) found that 49% of people said that their shopping trolleys are less full than before, due to rising food costs. The survey found that people were buying less in an attempt to cut costs where possible. Hearing about the development, Susanna was taken aback by the worrying rise, the Liverpool Echo reports. Susanna then quizzed Mr Walker on how supermarket staff deal with shoplifters. He explained: "We're not the police and we do have security guards in some stores, but they will give a written warning or ban the customer from the story if they get aggressive."  Iceland has launched a series of initiatives to help ease the cost-of-living crisis for shoppers. The supermarket chain reduced the threshold for free delivery and has frozen the price of hundreds of £1 value lines. Viewers following the show on Twitter praised the supermarket chain for taking action to help shoppers. One user, @bestchester276 wrote: "I really like the boss of Iceland and he isn’t afraid to come and answer questions." Another, Jasmine, commented: "I like the boss of iceland...at least he's trying..."    David added: "Very impressed by the boss of Iceland" Other people were also impressed by the segment, with readers expressing their opinions in response to an article by the Liverpool Echo. One user, rapidripouts, wrote: "Watched this chap load’s of times on question time take my hat off to him speaks in the real world and definitely never ever have I seen him hide from a question good guy other supermarkets should take a leaf out of his book." 