England’s Euro 2022 victory over Spain on Wednesday evening eclipsed the BBC’s peak audience viewing figures for the broadcaster’s coverage of the Wimbledon men’s singles final between Novak Djokovic and Nick Kyrgios. Georgia Stanway’s stunning extra-time strike booked the Lionesses’ place in the semi-final of the tournament, which is being played on home soil. Stanway’s thumping effort helped England come from behind against Spain. Ella Toone had contentiously equalised six minutes from full-time after Esther Gonzalez opened the scoring. The BBC has revealed that a peak audience of 7.6million people watched coverage of the clash. The figure is up by 3.6m on the four million people who tuned into the 8-0 demolition of Austria in the group stages. And it also trumps the BBC’s coverage of the men’s final at Wimbledon earlier in July. Djokovic defeated Kyrgios on Centre Court in front of a peak audience of 7.5m on the national broadcaster. JUST IN: Chelsea and Barcelona hold 'De Jong talks' with Man Utd deal in danger The incredible figures prove the growing support for women’s football across the country. England were not at their best against Spain and Gonzalez’s goal was the first that Sarina Wiegman’s side had conceded at the tournament. But they fought back and scored through Toone and Stanway. Wiegman said: “I think we showed resilience to come from behind. From the 80th minute, we changed our shape and we scored a goal really quickly so then we could revert back to our original shape and in extra-time, from the moment that we scored, we were a little better and a little fresher. DON'T MISS...Liverpool target Nunes advised by manager as Sporting name priceChelsea told next two transfers after Jules Kounde as duo singled outChelsea and Barcelona hold 'De Jong talks' with Man Utd deal in danger “After that, they were pushing for another goal. For fans in the stadium and for those watching on TV, I think it was an incredible game. The fans in the stadium were so behind us, it was an incredible experience.” After scoring the winning goal, Manchester City attacker Stanway told BBC Sport: “Unreal. That just shows the level that we’re at. We get a setback and we come back and do it. We put in a massive shift. Job done and we’ll focus on the semis. “I wasn’t too sure (if the shot was going in). It’s one to be proud of. I’ll remember today. We put in a massive shift. We just have to enjoy this moment and crack on.” England will play Sweden or Belgium in the semi-final. The tie will be played at Sheffield United’s Bramall Lane on July 26.