Penny Mordaunt, Rishi Sunak and Liz Truss have set out their visions for how they will lead the United Kingdom, but one will be eliminated from the race on Wednesday. This is a precarious time for the party of Disraeli, Churchill and Thatcher. The ousting of Mr Johnson and the subsequent contest have exposed divisions on important questions of policy, right at the moment the nation is gripped in a cost-of-living crisis. Swathes of MPs opted for a change from the Johnson era – but it is not yet clear where the party wants to move on to. If former chancellor Rishi Sunak and Foreign Secretary Liz Truss make it to the final two, Tory members will be asked to choose between two talented and experienced individuals with sharply different convictions about what is best for the economy. The Tory Party membership’s decision will have profound consequences for all of our lives. He or she will arrive in Downing Street as the country confronts some of the biggest challenges in modern times. The pressure on the NHS is immense as it struggles with the Covid-era backlog. The public is hungry for improvements in the health service and social care, and will want proof its taxes are being put to good use. Conservativism will be in trouble if MPs appear more interested in fighting factional battles than tackling the greatest threats to our prosperity and security. The change of leadership must result in better government.  At his best, Mr Johnson demonstrated an extraordinary ability to deliver on an epic scale, whether winning a landslide, getting Brexit done, rolling out Covid jabs or rallying international support for Ukraine. Whoever comes after him must bring the same energy to defending, strengthening and championing Britain. Frightening images of homes and fields ablaze on a day of record-breaking heat remind us of the fearsome power of the weather. Britain needs infrastructure which can withstand radical changes in temperature, and all of us should look out for elderly and vulnerable friends, relatives and neighbours. High temperatures can kill, but the country must also prepare now to avoid suffering and death this winter when energy bills are due to climb yet higher. Many decision-makers may be about to go on holiday, but this week’s experience of extreme weather should focus minds in Whitehall and beyond on the vital task of preparing for the cold months ahead. 