Helen Skelton has showcased her impressive knife-throwing skills as she prepared to host Summer on the Farm last night. The TV star, 38, left her Channel 5 co-stars and fans agog at her incredible talent as she landed numerous bullseyes one after another while documenting the achievement on Instagram. It comes after she recently spoke about her split from her rugby player husband Richie Myler, admitting that she's living in "chaos" right now. Appearing in a black and white patterned maxi dress, a radiant looking Helen gave her 308,000 followers a glimpse of her impressive knife-throwing abilities. Branding a knife, Helen told her fans: "Knife throwing, I don't want to go on about it, but what's that right there? "Bullseye!" she exclaimed while tapping a target which revealed a knife firmly landed in the middle. READ MORE: Tom Hanks’ troubled son blamed father’s fame for behaviour Taking her position, Helen prepared to throw another knife. "Look out, right, I bet I can't do that again," she warned her co-stars and crew behind the camera. The star instantly landed another impressive bullseye before taking another blade. Helen immediately landed another bullseye. "I'm really enjoying this!,'' Helen added, before landing another perfect bullseye. "Look at the skill of this! one of Helen's crew could be heard saying before the mum-of-three missed one throw. "You have to keep the knife up," someone was heard advising the Yorkshire native. Celebrating another bullseye with a dance, Helen confessed: "I really enjoyed that!" as her co-stars and crew burst into laughter. DON'T MISS... Cliff Richard, 81, sparks frenzy in outlandish outfit at Wimbledon [UPDATE]Hugh Grant looks serious at Wimbledon as fans call for him to be PM [ANALYSIS]Holly Willoughby, 41, looks radiant as she wows in tight-fitting dress [INSIGHT] It comes as Helen appeared on Lorraine on Monday where she addressed her split from her husband of eight years. Speaking to the faring star, Lorraine Kelly said: "Helen, it's so good to see you. "You've had a bit of a rough time, I know. "But the best way to get over stuff is to just get out there again - out there working," she added. Agreeing, Helen replied: 'I think anybody in my position would say the same." Speaking over her barking dogs, Helen went on: "I've got three small children and a very loud dog as you can hear.' "Stop it! They time it perfectly, don't they?!" she exclaimed to the ITV presenter. Lorraine replied: 'It's fine. Kids and dogs and all that, your life is like that, it really is. "And you're used to the chaos! So you're my kind of woman, you put on a brave face and you're back out doing the series," she finished.