Barcelona are prepared to put their pursuit of Raphinha on the back-burner to prioritise up to five other transfer deals. That is according to Spanish outlet Mundo Deportivo, with the Catalan giants' stance potentially handing Chelsea a huge boost. Raphinha is expected to leave Leeds United this summer, with the winger entering the final two years of his contract at Elland Road. The Brazil international has consistently impressed in the Premier League since making the move from Rennes in October 2020. Barcelona have reportedly led the race for the 25-year-old for several months, despite the interest of Chelsea and Arsenal. However, the latest report suggests the potential contract renewal for Ousmane Dembele could lead the Spanish side to prioritise reinforcements in other areas of the squad. Dembele is currently a free agent having seen his deal at the Camp Nou expire, but is said to be on the brink of agreeing an extension. However, the Mirror claim the 25-year-old now finds himself at the centre of a power struggle as club chiefs disagree on whether to re-sign the winger or move for Raphinha. JUST IN: Raphinha completing Chelsea transfer could be bad news for Blues' own Dennis Bergkamp  Xavi is said to be keen to keep Dembele at the club, but both deals are currently on hold due to this current difference of opinions. But if Barcelona ultimately decide to keep the former Borussia Dortmund winger, Mundo Deportivo claim this means Raphinha becomes less of a 'priority' this summer. Xavi is aiming to reshape his squad despite the club's well-document financial woes, and Dembele could be the first of five deals which would take on greater importance than a deal for Raphinha. Andreas Christensen could be joined by former Chelsea team-mates Cesar Azpilicueta and Marcos Alonso as part of a defensive rebuild. Sevilla star Jules Kounde is also a target, with reports suggesting Barcelona will also rival Chelsea once again. Bayern Munich striker Robert Lewandowski also remains on their radar, with the veteran Polish star publicly outlining his desire to leave the Bundesliga champions. READ MORE: Chelsea squad's reaction to Raheem Sterling transfer emerges as winger set for medicalChelsea urged to sign four more players after sealing Raheem Sterling £47.5m transferArsenal 'to sound out Chelsea' over N'Golo Kante as Man Utd also look at midfielder  The current impasse over Dembele could yet hand Chelsea the initiative in the pursuit of Raphinha. Thomas Tuchel is keen to reshape his attack following the loan departure of Romelu Lukaku, with the Blues also reportedly open to offers for Christian Pulisic, Timo Werner and Hakim Ziyech. Chelsea are already closing in on a deal for Manchester City forward Raheem Sterling, with reports suggesting an agreement has been reached on a £47.5million deal. The standoff at Barcelona could yet see the Blues also revive their interest in Dembele, with the winger previously working with Tuchel during their time at Dortmund. READ MORE: Man City ace Phil Foden set to benefit big time from Chelsea and Arsenal transfers