As the crippling energy crisis rages on as gas prices soar, the Government is scrambling to find alternative sources of power that can help to drive down bills. One clean alternative is nuclear fusion, which has been dubbed a “Holy Grail” energy source – but the code behind generating this process is yet to be cracked. It works by generating electricity by using heat from nuclear fusion reactions to create limitless clean power in the same process used by stars. So far, no fusion reactor has been able to use up less energy than it produces. But the UK is racing to crack the code, and the prototype for a proposed site to host a nuclear plant near Goole in East Yorkshire has been given the green light by the Government. It is one of five sites shortlisted by the UK Atomic Energy Authority (UKAEA) as a potential location to host the Spherical Tokamak for Energy Production (STEP) programme. This is the programme, which was supported by an initial £222million by the Government, to construct a prototype fusion energy plant that will one day create limitless clean energy. The main objective STEP is to deliver 100 Megawatts (MW) of net electricity to the grid. The winning location is set to be announced later this year. A range of stakeholders led by the University of York. and key industry bodies have supported the bid launched by East Riding of Yorkshire Council for the prototype, which will reportedly generate more than £1billion in gross value added (GVA). A report authored by Dr Mark Graham, Senior Economist at the Data-Driven Innovation Programme, University of Edinburgh, has argued that the plant would be a huge win for the region. READ MORE: Russia on high nuke alert: Putin launches 'round-the-clock' monitoring With the STEP prototype reactor not expected to be completed until around 2040, the process of rolling out the project has been spilt into three phases. Phase I has already been completed after the Government injected funds for land acquisition and concept design, which are expected to be completed by 2024. Phase II would see the site development and engineering design continue until 2032. The final phase would see the manufacture and construction of the STEP prototype reactor, which could attract investments of up to £10billion and could also create up to 8,651 jobs, the report argues. DON'T MISS Nuclear fusion: UK now has ‘huge advantage' to crack code [INSIGHT] Fusion rocket breakthrough to allow humans to LEAVE Solar System an...[REVEAL] Nuclear fusion breakthrough takes world one step closer to star energy [REPORT] Cllr Jane Evison, portfolio holder for economic investment, growth and tourism at East Riding of Yorkshire Council, said: "The STEP fusion energy project would be truly transformative for the East Riding and bring opportunities for generations to come. "This economic report has further quantified the huge economic benefits the plant could bring in construction costs, investment, training and jobs. "The impact on jobs for local people in several roles cannot be understated, nor can STEP’s ambition to drive skills and investment in our local schools and colleges. "The council will continue to work hard with our stakeholder partners to ensure the East Riding has done everything possible by the time the preferred location is named later this year."