Chelsea are embarking on a hugely important summer transfer window, with Todd Boehly trying to provide Thomas Tuchel with the squad he wants for the 2022/23 season. Top priority Raheem Sterling has already been landed in a deal worth £50million and the Blues are making progress in central defence, but there is much more work to be done.     With Romelu Lukaku joining Inter Milan on a season-long loan and Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen gone, centre-forward and central defence were always going to the most pressing needs for Chelsea. But there is another position Tuchel wants filling before the window shuts on September 1. Chelsea need reinforcements at right wing-back, with Cesar Azpilicueta eager to leave and take up a lucrative two-year contract waiting for him at Barcelona. "We need some centre-backs – at least two to replace Andreas and Toni,” Tuchel said on Friday. “We have Azpi at the moment in our squad, and we plan with him, but there are talks going on about his personal situation and what we want.” What Tuchel also wants, according to the Telegraph, is a player who is capable of playing in the front line as well as at right wing-back. With Raphinha having joined Barca for £55m from Leeds, there are dwindling options for that specific role. Here Express Sport takes a look at some contenders.   Traore spent the second half of last season on loan at Barcelona from Wolves, but the Spanish giants refused to take up their option of signing him permanently at the end of the campaign. Now back at Wolves, his future is uncertain amid interest from Everton. According to Football Insider, Wolves would consider selling the 26-year-old for just £10m. Traore isn’t prolific – he returned just one goal and four assists in 40 appearances for Wolves and Barca last season – but he is one of few available players used to playing up front and at right wing-back. Real Madrid star Vazquez is another possibility for Chelsea. The 31-year-old began his career as a right-sided forward, but is now more often spotted at right-back. Vazquez is under contract with Real for another two years and hasn’t been linked with a summer move, but fits the bill nicely for Chelsea.  Lens wing-back Clauss is attracting plenty of interest this summer. The Evening Standard says he is valued at £8m and that Manchester United are also chasing the 29-year-old’s signature. Clauss can play right-back, right-midfield and right-wing and has just one year left on his contract, making him a very attainable target, should Chelsea go for him. Berardi has long been linked with a move away from Sassuolo. It seems that he could finally get his wish this summer, with AC Milan, Juventus and Roma all rumoured to be interested in the 27-year-old. Berardi is a left-footed right-winger, with a record of 120 goals and 84 assists in 325 appearances for Sassuolo. He would have to be converted into a wing-back.  Lozano is another outstanding right-winger who plays his football in Italy. The Mexico international plays his football for Napoli, where he is under contract until June 2024. Unlike Berardi, Lozano is right-footed and a year younger, at 26. He has 26 goals and 13 assists in 114 matches for Napoli, who Chelsea already have a dialogue with, thanks to Kalidou Koulibaly’s move to Stamford Bridge. An exodus is about to take place at Paris Saint-Germain, with the new hierarchy ready to brutally chop the bloated squad. According to L’Equipe, Rafinha is among the long list of players who have been told they can leave this summer. Rafinha, the younger brother of Liverpool’s Thiago, has one year left on his PSG deal, so won’t cost much. He is a versatile player who could provide cover across a variety of positions at Chelsea. 