Biographer Tom Bower claimed Harry invited Meghan to join a weekend shoot at Sandringham soon after their relationship became public. The Duke of Sussex had invited 16 friends who were mostly pals from Eton. Mr Bower said Harry was looking forward to "endless banter, jokes and a lot of drinking" like other shooting weekends. But in an extract of his new book in The Times, the biographer said the royal had "not anticipated Meghan’s reaction". Writing in Revenge: Meghan, Harry and the War Between the Windsors, Mr Bower said: "Their jokes involving sexism, feminism and transgender people ricocheted around the living-rooms and dining-rooms. "Without hesitation, Meghan challenged every guest whose conversation contravened her values. "According to some of Harry’s friends, again and again she reprimanded them about the slightest inappropriate nuance. "Nobody was exempt. Harry’s world would not be her world. "Beyond Harry’s hearing, some friends questioned Meghan’s 'wokery'. "Meghan was a dampener on the party, they concluded. She lacked any sense of humour. READ MORE: Prince Harry planned to ‘rewrite Palace rulebook’ - author claims "Driving home after Sunday lunch, the texts pinged between the cars: 'OMG what about HER?' said one; 'Harry must be f***ing nuts.'" Harry and Meghan met in July 2016 and their relationship was revealed four months later in October that year. A source told the Sunday Express that the Duke was "besotted" with Meghan and "happier than he’s been for many years". Following a whirlwind romance, the couple announced their engagement in November 2017 before tying the knot in May 2018. DON'T MISSMeghan left Vanity Fair editor feeling 'manipulated' with 'demands'Harry 'incredibly homesick' after return to CaliforniaMeghan Markle 'is no victim' as Duchess 'ruthlessly' used royal title Mr Bower's claims come after previous reports of tensions between Harry's friends and Meghan. According to royal author Omid Scobie, a number of his old friends including his Eton chum Tom Inskip "didn't make the cut" for his and Meghan's evening wedding reception. Writing in Finding Freedom, Mr Scobie and co-author Carolyn Durand said: "Notably absent were Skippy, Harry's old friend, who had questioned the prince's relationship with Meghan, and his wife, Lara. "They were invited to the wedding ceremony and lunchtime reception but didn't make the cut for the evening bash. "At a brunch the day after the wedding, Skippy told friends 'Meghan has changed Harry too much.' "His Eton friend said the prince was awed by the likes of the Clooneys and Oprah. 'We've lost him,' Skippy concluded. "Many of Harry's old friends said that the evening guest list was the prince and his bride's way of saying 'these are the people we want in our lives moving forward.'" The Sussexes are now living in California after quitting royal duties in March 2020. Express.co.uk has contacted representatives for the Sussexes for comment.