Thousands of drivers have admitted to using fuel-saving tips in recent weeks and months to deal with record petrol and diesel prices. Around 40 percent of drivers have changed their driving style, including accelerating less, to save on fuel. Three-quarters of Britons have used their car less in a bid to reduce their costs. Drivers are now being advised to take simple steps to reduce their fuel consumption and increase their efficiency. Motorists should take out any items from their car which may not always be needed. This could include a bike rack on the back of the car or a roof rack. READ MORE: Furious British drivers slam ‘nonsense’ air con rule Even smaller items like footballs or toys can have a marginal impact on the weight of the car. James Baker, from Reg Car Check, urged drivers to clear any unnecessary items from their car to save on fuel costs. He said: “Many of us are used to using our car boot as an additional storage space. “However, it pays to spring clean your car as removing heavy items leads to the vehicle becoming fuel efficient. DON'T MISSMotorists warned of massive £5,000 fines for wearing certain clothes [WARNING]Major driving licence changes being introduced today by DVLA [URGENT]Fuel duty cuts not the 'right route' and may not help those in need [SHOCKING] “In fact, driving with an empty roof rack and unnecessary heavy items in the car’s storage spaces can increase fuel costs by 12 percent.” When the car is heavier, the engine will strain to get the most out of the fuel and move the car further. If the car is lighter, the strain on the engine is lessened, allowing the car to travel in a more efficient way. It has been estimated that drivers could save £60 on fuel by December by clearing out their vehicle. While fuel costs have reduced in recent days, prices are still a far cry from where they were at the beginning of the year. Currently, drivers face costs of 196.73p per litre for diesel and £1.88 for a litre of petrol. On December 31, motorists were facing much lower costs with the average price of a litre of petrol being 145.6p and 149.3p for diesel. The RAC and AA forecast that prices will begin to fall further in the coming days and weeks. More specifically, the AA estimated that a tank of petrol could be as much as £10 cheaper in a fortnight. Wholesale petrol that had peaked above £1 a litre on June 1 fell to below 80p a litre for much of last week. This indicates that as much as 20p could fall from record highs at the pump within the next two weeks. This comes after experts were predicting that petrol and diesel prices could hit £2 a litre.