Novak Djokovic's coach has labelled Nick Kyrgios a "tennis genius" following Sunday's Wimbledon men's final. Goran Ivanisevic says it is impossible to prepare for a match against Kyrgios due to his unpredictable nature. Djokovic won his fourth straight Wimbledon title in four sets on Centre Court. But his Australian opponent certainly gave him a run for his money. Kyrgios won the first set and his serve was proving too much for the Serbian at times. But Djokovic's class shone through and he showed why he is regarded as one of the greatest returners in the sport's history. After the match, former Wimbledon champion Ivanisevic spoke to the media. He was asked: "How did you prepare this final where you had Novak playing such a peculiar player as Nick Kyrgios?" Wimbledon LIVE: Novak Djokovic refuses Covid vaccine as Sue Barker makes Roger Federer cry  But the Croat insisted the preparation was extremely difficult due to Kyrgios' style. And Ivanisevic hailed the 27-year-old as a top talent in the world of tennis. He said: "You cannot prepare a match against Nick Kyrgios. Nick Kyrgios is a genius, tennis genius. "He doesn't know what he's going to play next in the point. We just concentrate on what Novak has to do, the things he has to do, the things he has to be careful. "When somebody serves like Nick Kyrgios, for me is the best server in the game by far. Unbelievable tennis player. Is very unpredictable.  "So it's impossible to make a tactic. [There] is no tactics. 15 minutes, best returner in the world, he does not touch his serve. You get the chance, then he breaks him." Ivanisevic explained Djokovic's mindset on how to beat the big-serving Aussie, especially when he started to become more vocal. He continued: "Key point was to concentrate on what Novak has to do, and just to stick to those little things to be ready for the big serves, for the big second serve winners. "But also he knew on this stage, when Nick starts to talk, he's going to be vulnerable. You know, that happened. Happened in the third set when Nick was 40-Love up, 4-All, suddenly Novak broke him and he was talking to his box. "That's Nick. You need to take every chance you get because you don't have too many chances." 