Prince Edward and the Countess of Wessex have lived in Bagshot Park in Surrey since their royal wedding in 1999, and it appears they have no plans to leave. This is because the Wessexes have extended their lease from The Crown Estate for another 150 years. The royal residence is located just 11 miles away from the Queen's home at Windsor Castle. Therefore it is ideal for visiting with their two children Lady Louise, 18, and James, Viscount Severn, 14. They will also be very close to Kate Middleton and Prince William when they move to Adelaide Cottage on the Windsor estate. In a past interview with Sky News, the Countess explained: "We're a lot more fortunate because we live so close to the Queen, so when she spends a lot of time at Windsor on the weekends, our children are more fortunate because they can go over and have tea with her on a regular basis." The Grade II-listed building is set within 51 acres of land and is rumoured to have a whopping 120 rooms after it was demolished and rebuilt in 1879. READ MORE: Sophie 'rescued' by Queen after scandals in early days of royal life It is estimated to be worth £30million if it got listed on the open market. The couple allowed press into their home recently, revealing their stunning light-drenched conservatory with views of their lawns. It has terracotta brick walls, a dining table, a barbeque and house plants. The Countess invited BBC's Naga Munchetty inside one room of the lavish royal residence decorated with green striped upholstered chairs and a matching green carpet. It also features a gold-edged mirror above a stunning marble fireplace, multiple vintage sideboards and luxury artwork. Sophie shared her tips and resources for home-schooling children while their schools were closed, with the clip showing her standing in front of a bookcase filled with a huge array of DVDs, books and games. Fans got a look inside the grandest room in the family home when Sophie released another video of her work. It features carved wooden walls with enormous double doors and brass handles, as well as two glass side tables with brass legs.  READ MORE: Sophie Wessex rocks £2,000 pink suit to plant a rose for Prince Philip On one table, there is a small pot of cream orchids, a selection of ornaments, a photograph in a silver frame, and a desk lamp with a white shade, while the other seems to hold a trinket box. Sophie revealed her kitchen when she filmed herself baking scones for the Royal Family’s Instagram page. It showed sage green walls, chic white cupboards and coordinating white marble worktops. It seems Sophie and Edward also have a second kitchen. Fans got a peek inside when the Countess joined a video call with Thames Valley Air Ambulance. The mother-of-two sat in a corner of the space, alongside open shelving with a telephone and a selection of vases and ornaments on display.  It appears to have a classic dark navy scheme, with glass-fronted cabinets behind the Countess showing some of their fine china including an assortment of teapots and teacups and saucers on glass shelves. The grounds are equally as impressive, with a private lake and several stables set within 51 acres. Fans got a look at the outside of the property when Edward, Sophie and their children participated in the #ClapForOurCarers at their home. They could be seen standing outside a set of glass doors, with a climbing plant growing up the brick wall in the background. 