In a special edition of BBC's Talking Pictures, the episode explored iconic partnerships between the most popular stars. In archive footage from a 1982 interview, Paul was asked about a "terrible" rumour by interviewer Lain Johnstone. He probed the Oscar-winning actor about whether he owned loo roll with Robert's face on it, to which the director confessed, adding he "never had the courage" to go through with the joke. Paul starred in films such as The Sting, Butch Cassidy And The Sundance Kid, and Absence Of Malice. His performances earned him a respected reputation as a popular film star, but he was also known for his closeness with fellow actor Robert. The duo featured in several films together and developed a significant friendship. Talking Pictures showed a segment of an interview in which Paul addressed a rumour about them. READ MORE: Lorraine Kelly in savage sweating jibe at Prince Andrew "Would you like to categorically deny on camera that you have a lavatory roll with Redford's face on it?" Lain asked. The presenter added: "It's a terrible rumour I once heard." Paul paused and appeared to consider his answer before replying: "Yes." He went on to explain: "I never had the courage to send that to his friends, and I was stuck with 1,000 rolls of this." "What does it look like?" the interviewer probed. "You didn't happen to bring a piece, did you?" "No, it's very bad," Paul admitted, shaking his head. "It was a very bad likeness, to begin with, so." "Is it in the centre of the sheet?" asked Lain, clearly finding the confirmed rumour amusing. "Yes," Paul grinned, before the host asked: "So you still have them?" DON'T MISS... Eamonn Holmes admits he ‘wouldn’t recommend’ TV career 'to anyone' [LATEST]The Control Room fans question BBC licence fee after ‘awful’ series [REACTION]Amanda Owen shares surprise over Clive’s unusual present [INTERVIEW] Laughing, the actor remarked: "I think there's 990 rolls left, yeah." "I think probably some mid-western university will buy them one day for their library," Lain predicted. He went on: "I think there could be money in that." "Well, they certainly will be museum pieces, yeah," smiled Paul. Paul died in 2008 at the age of 83 following a diagnosis of lung cancer. Decades later, Robert reflected on his friend's personality and revealed Paul was a "nervous" person. “He was a chatty, nervous guy who was always biting his fingernails," he told The Toronto Sun. “He used to chain smoke, before he stopped smoking, and was always drinking a beer. He was a very nervous guy.” Talking Pictures is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.