According to the most recent DVSA data, over 7 million cars fail their yearly MOT. With this in mind, the MOT experts at National Tyres and Autocare have shared a pre-MOT checklist so you can pass it without a hitch and save fuel too. Lighting and signallingDVSA statistics from July to September 2019 show that 14 percent of all MOT failures were due to lighting issues, such as a blown bulb, inoperative number plate light or a faulty indicator. When conducting your pre-MOT check, take a good look around your car and ask a friend or family member to confirm all the lights are functioning – headlights, indicators, number plate lights, sidelights, fog lights and brake lights. READ MORE: Drivers warned they risk life in prison for bad driving habits FluidsYour MOT test will cover fluids like screen wash, so be sure to top it up.Your car will need sufficient oil in its engine to pass the exhaust emissions test too.Your tester will also need to conduct emissions tests, so make sure you have enough fuel in the tank as well.While going through this pre-MOT checklist, it’s also a good idea to top up other important fluids too, like engine coolant. Steering and suspensionThe same DVSA statistics show 18 percent of cars failed due to suspension issues like a leaking shock absorber or snapped coil spring. It’s not easy to spot these while parked, so while driving, listen out for any unusual noises or peculiar driving characteristics when cornering or braking. DON'T MISS 'This is an urgent situation': AA warn of 'pump fiction' as costs rise [WARNING] 'Important milestone’: Red Bull unveil RB17 - A new £5million hypercar [REVEAL] Elderly driver urges young motorists to be safe on the roads [ADVICE] Body, chassis and structureDVSA data shows that seven percent of all MOT defects were related to body, chassis and structure in 2019-2020.If your car has corrosion or rust within 12cm of a structurally important area, you can fail the test. And if there are any sharp edges that could cause injury, these could also result in a failure. Brakes2018-2019 data shows 14 percent of car MOT failures are due to brake defects picked up in the MOT brake efficiency test. Most often, this is caused by worn brake pads and or worn, pitted or warped brake discs.You may be able to see the pads and discs through your alloy wheels, so check each one thoroughly. TyresSome 12 percent of fails are due to tyre issues and these are perhaps the easiest components to check. The law requires 1.6mm of tread depth across the entire central three-quarters of the tyre. You can check this with a 20p coin – the 20p test. Insert the coin into the tread groove of each tyre. If the outside band of the 20p coin is visible, then the tread is less than 1.6mm. Number platesSince 2018, number plates have been included in the MOT test, which is why they’re a key part of any MOT checklist. This is covered under the identification of the vehicle section of the MOT and accounted for 1 percent of all MOT failures. According to the British Number Plate Manufacturers Association, these must be clearly visible, free from damage and completely laminated. They cannot have any background overprinting or any fixings or features that obscure their legal view. VisibilityEight percent of MOT failures are caused by issues affecting the driver's view of the road. In your MOT checklist, see whether the wipers are working properly and if you can squirt the washer fluid onto your windscreen. Check for windscreen cracks. Next, see if anything else is obscuring the driver’s view, such as a dashcam, sat-nav or any object obscuring the rear windscreen.Lastly, check whether your screen-wash is topped up. ExhaustSome four percent of all fails are due to noise, emissions and leaks – key environmental aspects of the MOT test. When going through your MOT checklist, check whether you can hear the exhaust blowing and if you can smell exhaust fumes inside the car. Bonnet, boot and doorsYour bonnet, boot and door handle releases must work correctly, so check whether they stick and if they do, consider oiling them prior to your test.