The resignation of Boris Johnson has come as a relief to countless members of the Conservative party. Now that a new leadership election will soon be underway, the Tories will be setting their hopes on a leader who can reestablish trust in the party after months of disastrous scandals. But one leadership expert has outlined the fatal flaws in Mr Johnson's leadership style that the incoming leader will not want to repeat. According to Leadership Development expert Wylie McGraw, Mr Johnson is a “yes man” with “no shame”, and only has his own mistakes to blame for falling out of favour with his party so catastrophically. Referring to Mr Johnson’s actions during partygate and the ignorance he pleaded as the scandal unfolded, Mr McGraw told Express.co.uk: “He believed he was infallible to the times, that he was the chosen leader because he was anointed to lead. So, he didn’t see his actions as wrong. “He believed he knew better, and his need for attention overrode all decisions. READ MORE: Have Your Say: Is Brexit safe after Boris's exit? “People were dying in droves and he played it off as if he didn’t know he couldn’t be at a party “He should have led by example and made sacrifices, just like he demanded of the public.” Mr McGraw said Mr Johnson’s blatant disregard for the optics of his leadership, and desire to cling on to power regardless of what happens, was his biggest mistake in Downing Street. Mr McGraw said: “Even when he lost his party’s confidence, the optics did not matter. “His blatant disregard for the policies in which he enacted, his flippant approach to campaign promises, and his shameless behaviour with pitiful apologies became unbearable to his party with each new scandal. “As his disapproval in his party grew, he was all wind and no sail, bringing unwarranted and unnecessary scrutiny on the Tory party and those in Parliament.” Mr McGraw said one of Mr Johnson’s biggest failures was attempting to emulate his idol Winston Churchill, despite being well aware that he could not offer the leadership he wanted to. According to Mr McGraw, Mr Johnson has made no secret of his admiration for the wartime leader, having written a biography on him and having referenced him in his own leadership style. DON'T MISSCan I vote in the Tory leadership race? [EXPLAINER]Brexit LIVE: 'Sheer glee' French elite 'deluded' over fall of Boris [INSIGHT]Johnson faced with 'huge psychological problem' after No10 ousting [ANALYSIS] Mr Wylie references one of Mr Johnson’s own quotes: “I have more in common with a three-toed sloth or a one-eyed pterodactyl or a Kalamata olive than I have with Winston Churchill.” Mr Wylie says this quote demonstrates “a subtle truth that he knows he’s nothing of the type of leader deserving of such a responsibility as Prime Minister for the UK like Winston Churchill, but he doesn’t care.” Mr Wylie suggested Mr Johnson enjoyed all the perks of high office, but skirted on the responsibilities and the service he should have delivered to the British public. He continued: “He fancies himself someone meant to rule, and that overrides subtleties of inadequacy. “Mr Johnson actually shows signs of the Dunning-Kruger effect - he shows an overestimated sense of competency and knowledge, but doesn’t know what being a political leader means.” The Dunning Kruger effect is a psychological term “whereby people with limited knowledge or competence in a given intellectual or social domain greatly overestimate their own knowledge or competence in that domain relative to objective criteria or to the performance of their peers or of people in general”, according to Brittanica. Mr Wylie continued by offering some sage advice to the incoming Tory leader, advising: “A new leader needs to bring in advisers that are smarter than them, or have outside the box insights that can improve and optimise the new Prime Minister’s performance. “Get rid of the ‘yes men’, be strong-willed but open-minded, and lead by example.”