Arsenal are set to save themselves £15million from two of their major signings this summer. Gabriel Jesus is set to be joined at the Emirates by his former Manchester City team-mate Oleksandr Zinchenko. Jesus signed for Arsenal from City earlier this month for a fee of £45million. The Brazilian made an immediate impact on his first appearance for the club, netting a brace in the friendly win over FC Nurnberg. However, ESPN claims City were initially demanding up to £55m for the striker's signature. The Gunners were able to secure a deal at £10m less than the Premier League champions wanted. And they are set to save more cash in the Zinchenko deal. City were reported to want £35m for the Ukraine international. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd medical, Arsenal prepare £42m bid, Tottenham deal  However, The Sun says Arsenal have agreed a fee of £30m for the 25-year-old, less than what City were asking for. It appears Arsenal technical director Edu has managed to secure both deals for £15m less than initially expected. Zinchenko is set to become Arsenal's fifth signing of the summer. The arrivals of Jesus, Fabio Vieira, Matt Turner and Marquinhos have cost the north Londoners over £85m so far. The deal for Zinchenko will take their summer spending to well over £100m. It is the second summer in a row where Arsenal have comfortably exceeded the £100m mark. Last year saw six signings brought to the club. Ben White was the most expensive acquisition at £50m. DON'T MISSOleksandr Zinchenko to join Arsenal for same two reasons as Gabriel JesusMan City issue response to claims Barcelona have 'agreed £68m deal' to sign Bernardo SilvaLeroy Sane's opinion on Mikel Arteta and Arsenal amid transfer 'rumblings'  He was joined by Martin Odegaard, Aaron Ramsdale, Takehiro Tomiyasu, Albert Sambi Lokonga and Nuno Tavares. Arteta could only lead Arsenal to a fifth-placed finish in the Premier League, missing out on Champions League qualification on the final day. But it appears the club are happy with the Spaniard at the helm and are again backing him in this window. Following the arrival of Jesus, Arteta praised those above him who completed the transfer. The former Gunners captain said: “I’m very excited. The club has done a tremendous job to recruit a player of this stature. "I know Gabriel personally very well, and we all know him well from his time in the Premier League and being really successful here. This is a position that’s been on our radar for a long time now and we have managed to get a player that we all wanted, so I’m really happy.” 