Piers Morgan joked that Nick Kyrgios made a “Lazarus-like recovery” as he battled a shoulder injury to defeat Brandon Nakashima 6-4 4-6 6-7 6-3 2-6 and reach the Wimbledon quarter-finals. The Australian asked for painkillers and received medical attention after injuring his shoulder, but soldiered on to win in five sets. However, Morgan cast doubt over the severity of the Aussie’s problem. He tweeted: “BREAKING: Kyrgios has suddenly made a dramatic Lazarus-like recovery from his crippling shoulder injury… now he’s winning.” Kyrgios was holding his shoulder and claimed it was “not good” before telling his trainer “I just needed some painkillers man” as he received attention from the physio. After the match, Kyrgios explained his knock. "I played a lot of tennis in the last month and a half," Kyrgios told the on-court reporter. "I am just proud of the way I steadied the ship. "He came firing in the fourth set and his level didn't drop but my five-set record is pretty good. That's what I was thinking about, I have never lost a five-set match here so... JUST IN: Nick Kyrgios leaned on Rafa Nadal experience to help him through injury for Wimbledon win "Honestly that's what I was thinking about. I have been here before, I have done it before and I came through again." When asked about his quarter-final opponent Cristian Garin, Kyrgios said: "I am not even going to think about that. I need a glass of wine for sure tonight. "I just want to say, a hell of an effort from Brandon. He's a hell of a player and only 20-years-old. It wasn't anywhere near my best today but I did enough to get through and the crowd were amazing, it was a special atmosphere in here. DON'T MISSKyrgios urged to be more like Nadal as Aussie struggles with injuryKyrgios' Wimbledon injury woes continue as star gets medical time outKyrgios seeks medical attention during Wimbledon clash in injury scare "Yeah I wasn’t anywhere near my best performance level-wise but I’m just super, super happy to get through. I fought really hard today and the crowd was amazing. It was special stepping here again." Kyrgios was holding his left shoulder throughout the match, but his injury did improve enough for the Aussie to claim the win. Tim Henman did suggest that his ailment would improve if the match went in Kyrgios’ favour. "That shoulder, mentally and physically, is getting worse," Henman said during the BBC commentary. "Those things always hurt a little bit more when you are behind on the scoreboard too. If you are able to jag a break, I can promise you it will get a little better." Kyrgios will face Garin in the quarter-final on Wednesday, an opponent he has not faced before as he bids to go past the final eight stage at Wimbledon for the first time in his career, having reached this stage once before in 2014 when he was defeated by Milos Raonic.