DIY flooring is currently blowing up on social media platforms like TikTok and Instagram. Doing your own flooring is a cheaper alternative when it comes to keeping up with the latest trends. With DIY flooring on the rise, Magnet Trade has revealed the biggest flooring mistakes to avoid so that homeowners can achieve a professional finish. Lizzie Beesley, head of design at Magnet said: “The Covid era inspired us all to get busy around our homes. “Today’s society are heavily inspired by growing trends, so it only makes sense that they are turning to TikTok for aesthetic and easy upgrades, however it’s important to do it right.” Here are the biggest flooring mistakes to avoid: “Avoid hardwood flooring in bathrooms at all costs,” the Magnet experts said. It may look incredible, however, bathrooms are hot and humid which means hardwood flooring is not the best option. Instead, opt for laminate or vinyl flooring which has a waterproof finish. READ MORE: ‘The best way’ to clean patios for 29p - ‘removes stains and weeds’ If you have pets, marble flooring may not be the one for you Marble flooring is gorgeous but it’s important not to make design and material decisions that don’t suit your lifestyle. Those with pets should avoid marble flooring as it can easily stain and become scratched. Laminate flooring is best for those who have pets. Tempting though it may be to skip buying underlay, having decent underlay is really important when it comes to new flooring. Homeowners should take into consideration whether they need to level the floor or whether they want something comfortable under their feet when walking around. Getting it wrong won’t be cheap as it will likely mean homeowners need to start from scratch and pull up the floor. Do research to find out what materials and tools you need and how much it’s going to cost. YouTube offers a great selection of DIY videos too. DON'T MISSPlants to ‘avoid’ growing beside each other - ‘very bad idea!’ [INSIGHT]When to plant grass seed - benefits of seasonal sowing [UPDATE]‘Most effective’ lawn task to stimulate ‘stronger’ grass growth [ANALYSIS] According to the experts, the general rule is to add 10-20 percent to the overall flooring estimate when it comes to buying material. Don’t make a mistake and leave yourself short of materials. It’s important to leave a three to eight inch gap when installing laminate floorings to avoid buckling. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Don’t nail the quarter round into the laminate rather than the baseboard, floors won’t be able to expand. Those going for wooden floors should glue the planks nearest the walls to give a room a clean, professional look. Once sanded, the planks tend to move a lot hence why glueing is a “crucial step”.  Don’t rush DIY flooring as you could end up making a mistake which might cost more in the long run. Take time to ensure it looks professional. If you need help fitting a new floor, don’t be afraid to ask for help from either a friend or professional.