The former Ulster Unionist Party leader, who became Northern Ireland’s First Minister between 1998 and 2002, won a Nobel Peace Prize for his pivotal role in thehistoric deal that managed to unite Republicans and Loyalists. He was honoured alongside the Social Democratic and Labour Party (SDLP) leader John Hume. A year after losing his seat in the 2005 general election, Trimble was made a Conservative life peer in the House of Lords. A former hardline Unionist who could be irascible and mercurial in equal measure, he demonstrated stoicism, determination and moral courage to help bring a lasting peace to Northern Ireland. He was the first Unionist leader since the 1920s to engage with Sinn Fein and weathered attacks from both suspicious Catholics and Protestants alike. Former US president Bill Clinton, who brokered the Good Friday deal with then British prime minister Tony Blair, said Trimble was a leader of “courage, vision, and principle whose lifetime ofservice helped bring peace to Northern Ireland”. William David Trimble was born in Belfast and grew up in Bangor, County Down. His parents, William and Ivy Trimble, were Presbyterian and middle-class, but not members of the Orange Order. Trimble, who went by his middle name to avoid confusion with his father, attended Bangor Grammar School and earned a first-classhonours degree in law at Queen’s University in Belfast.   He became a lecturer and later a department head in commercial and property law before resigning in 1990 to enter Parliament. Trimble’s first foray into politics was in 1974 as a member of the Protestant Vanguard Party. When Vanguard sought alliances with the SDLP, he joined the Unionists and became Upper Bann’s MP in 1990. Nobody expected him to challenge for party leadership five years later but he became the frontrunner after walking down the nationalist Garvaghy Road arm-in-arm with the Democratic Unionist Party leader Ian Paisley in a controversial Orangemen march that inflamed Catholics. Married twice, he is survived by second wife Daphne Orr and their four children. He died following a short illness. David Trimble, born October 15, 1944 – died July 25, 2022, aged 77 