Carol Vorderman appeared on Monday’s instalment of Loose Women where she spoke to panellists Charlene White, Nadia Sawalha, Brenda Edwards and Katie Piper. During her stint on the ITV show, she touched on her involvement with the Princess Trust initiative on women empowerment and her background growing up. Complimenting the former Countdown star’s confidence, Nadia asked if that was something that has come to her as she’s gotten older. Carol agreed before admitting that there were also certain vulnerabilities that come with ageing before delving into her past. She said: “My background was of extreme poverty when I was growing up.” The 61-year-old informed viewers that in the 60s she was in a single-parent household with her mum until she met her stepfather.  However, Carol revealed that as her mum kept leaving him, it resulted in them constantly living between two houses. She continued: “We were there one day in a nice house and then suddenly we were in the circus! “We were in a flat in Rhyl somewhere in the West End of Rhyl which is a particularly poor area.” Nadia chimed in stating that must’ve been an anxious way for her to live as a child.   Carol agreed before saying: “I think what it gave me was, 'Well I can survive.' “I saw my mum go through quite a lot, not through my stepfather by the way, but people putting her down.” “She was a single parent and Catholic, you weren’t allowed to be divorced back in the 60s. “You were looked down upon and frowned upon.”    Carol told the women that now she has the mindset of if she bothers somebody she doesn’t care. Admiring her attitude, Katie Piper told the broadcaster she has good resilience. This isn’t the first time that Carol has touched on her upbringing before as speaking to The Mirror she revealed certain struggles. She said: “I shared a bed with my mum until I was nine, as there were four of us in one bedroom. There was no central heating, you’d put another jumper on.”    “My childhood wasn’t great; it was a happy one, but far from perfect. “But from being a very young kid, I trained myself never to look back.” In an Instagram post, Carol revealed that she grew up in Wales for 20 years before her mum left her stepfather. She was told she couldn’t go back home and honoured her mother’s words up until recently as she admitted she now spends over half the year there away from her home in Bristol. Loose Women continues weekdays on ITV at 12:30pm  