Tommy Cimato is a flight attendant. He shared several warnings for passengers concerning plane hygiene. Tommy said: “Do not ever touch the flush button with your bare hands. It’s honestly just super unsanitary and pretty gross, so when you flush, use a napkin or tissue.” Many passengers will have pressed the flush button during a flight so the chances are it’s pretty dirty. Flight attendants will rarely have time to clean the toilet during a short-haul flight as they are busy and the toilet is often in constant use. Passengers could also bring a packet of tissues with them on their flight if they want to avoid touching any dirty buttons. READ MORE: easyJet and Ryanair strikes: Affected airports include Malaga He also warned passengers against wearing shorts on a flight as they might not be the most hygienic option. Tommy said that passengers never know how dirty the plane is when they get onboard the aircraft. The more skin on show, the more likely that passengers are going to end up touching something unsanitary. Passengers should also check what’s appropriate for their holiday destination as shorts may not be the best choice. Tommy urged passengers not to fall asleep on flights if they are planning on leaning against the window. He said: “You are not the only one that has done that and you don’t know how many people or children have wiped their hands or other things all over the window.” A plane window could be very dirty as many passengers may choose to put their hands on it to look out. Passengers are better off bringing their own neck pillow if they want to get some sleep on their flight. READ MORE: Safest city in the world is ‘beautiful’ with good security While most planes are cleaned between flights, this may not be done as thoroughly if there are delays. This year, British travellers have faced chaotic scenes at UK airports with many delays and cancellations. Delays mean that cleaners may not have enough time to thoroughly clean the aircraft between flights. To be on the safe side, it’s a good idea for passengers to follow Tommy’s rules if they want a hygienic flight. Passengers no longer need to wear face masks on most international flights or airlines although they should check before travelling. However, some passengers may choose to still wear masks if they want to reduce their risk of contracting Covid. Masks are still compulsory on public transport in some holiday European destinations, including Italy. Health ministers recommend that passengers wear face masks in some countries, including France.