Thursday 7 July 2022 is World Chocolate Day; a day for anyone with a sweet tooth to enjoy their favourite treats without that feeling of guilt. But for those insisting on sticking to their diet plans, nutrition experts at yfood have outlined some of the best ways they can still eat chocolate, but more healthily. They recommended three nutritious alternatives to the usual chocolate bars, and offered a clever twist on traditional ideas. Dark chocolate is loaded with nutrients that can positively affect a person's health. Made from the seed of the cacao tree, it's one of the best sources of antioxidants and studies have shown that it can improve health and lower the risk of heart disease. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake Its dense nutrient content includes minerals such as magnesium, iron and zinc. yfood specialists suggest shakes with a little chocolate are "a great way" for people to get their cocoa fix without going over their calorie intake. "You can whip one up yourself using Greek or frozen yogurt, a few spoonfuls of unsweetened cocoa powder, and almond milk," they recommended. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] Chocolate covered fruit has been a popular option for many over the years, but why not try replacing it with veg instead? People can make their favourite chocolate recipes but use vegetables as ingredients. READ MORE: Fitness: How to 'increase fat burning' in a heatwave - expert advice yfood experts said: "Sneak some veggies into your chocolate. "Courgette chip muffins contain plenty of chocolate flavour, thanks to a sprinkling of dark chocolate chips, but the courgette also adds fibre and allows you to use less flour. "You can also make brownies by using sweet potatoes or beetroot as the base which means you will need less sugar and butter." Some ideas from fruit and veg subscription provider Oddbox include: Chocolate mashed potato truffles Chocolate beetroot brownies Chocolate courgette bread