Jason and Kylie have sent fans wild as they have been reunited onscreen, appearing in the final episodes of Neighbours together. The iconic couple shot to fame because of their onscreen romance — imitating their private life. But the relationship was not always smooth sailing as Jason revealed he would often get “jealous”.  Jason and Kylie, who played Scott Robinson and Charlene Mitchell in the hit soap, have returned to Ramsay Street — starring alongside other stars such as Margot Robbie whose careers were also launched on the show. The pair began dating in 1986: Kylie set out to nab Jason and he eventually “gave in”. Jason, interviewed on Piers Morgan’s Life Stories in 2012, said: “I think she chased me initially and then I guess I gradually gave in. “One thing led to another and the next thing you know we were working and having this relationship.” Jason admitted it was “absolutely true” that the couple “cemented” their relationship while touring, staying in a Travelodge —  but he argued that they used to be “really posh places”.     Kylie, now 54, was Jason’s “first love” which he described as a “powerful emotion”. Their chemistry continued to blossom on and offscreen: they released a duet, Especially For You, in 1989, and a staggering 20 million Brits tuned in to watch the fictional couple wed in November 1988. He continued: “I think the real realisation that I was in love was as I began to see her blossom. “[It is] particularly [painful] for a young man because you think you’re the success story and you’re gonna be the breadwinner and ‘come and live with me’. “And suddenly she’s off on a different course. We did live together for a period of about six to eight months.” READ MORE:  Kylie Minogue and Jason Donovan unite for last Neighbours' episode   But their relationship became difficult with Jason admitting he would become “jealous” as Kylie had her set her sights on ambitions further afield. He said this would then lead to disagreements with the couple having “a lot” of bust-ups. The Too Many Broken Hearts singer said: “I mean there was a lot of arguments too. “It wasn’t an easy relationship and I think that had a lot to do with the fact that we were working together. “We argued a lot about her wanting to go off and do other things, her independence. It was jealousy, pure jealousy.” As they each pursued their own popstar careers abroad, Kylie met and fell for someone else. Jason revealed he had been with the Spinning Around singer at an INXS concert when she met fellow Australian musician, Michael Hutchence. DON'T MISS: NCIS’ Pauley Perrette ‘really excited’ as she makes rare TV return [REPORT]Emmerdale theory: Amelia Spencer is not pregnant as she is ill [ANALYSIS]Meghan Markle left ‘disappointed’ by Strictly Come Dancing snub [INSIGHT]    In 1989, after three years together, Kylie called Jason —  who was in New York at the time — up from Japan and dumped him, before she began dating Hutchence. Jason himself described Hutchence as “the greatest rock god of the period” which made the break-up particularly "tough". The 54-year-old said seeing Kylie holding hands with Hutchence at her film, The Delinquents, premiere “rubbed his nose” in her new relationship which lasted until 1991. Jason — who has been married to Angela Malloch since 2008 — said the break-up was hard as he endured sleepless nights and said he tried to get her back, but to no avail. Although Jason and Kylie rose to fame on Neighbours, it was not the first time they starred alongside each other. Jason’s first TV appearance was on the Australian Series Skyways aged 11, where he played Kylie’s onscreen brother. The final Neighbours episode will air on Channel 5 tonight at 9pm.   