The next few weeks will determine who is our new PM and it is crucial that those in a position to decide upon this, Conservative MPs and quite possibly Conservative Party members, understand what they are voting for and how this may impact in the future growth and prosperity of the country. To this end the Independent Business Network (IBN) of family business has produced a short manifesto against which the candidates to be leader of the Conservative Party and thus PM can be judged. The IBN support Network is typical of businesses that are family owned or run large and small from big organisations like Dyson, Forte Hotels, Weatherspoons and JCB for example through a swathe of medium sized enterprises and the tens of thousands of sole traders. According to research undertaken by the Family Business Research Foundation and the LSE , 87% of all U.K. private sector businesses are family run, they employ 12.2 million people - 38% of workers and 46% of private employment- and they contribute 26% of GDP. By contrast there are only around 2000 PLCs employing 8% of the workforce. Furthermore, unlike many multi nationals, family businesses are committed to the U.K., pay their taxes and the IBN particularly are committed to pursuing the opportunities of Brexit. In order to boost the economy, go for growth and secure Britain’s future prosperity, the IBN believe any future leader needs to follow a recipe of measures.   Firstly the United Kingdom is experiencing the highest levels of taxation since the Second World War. A High tax economy is a low growth economy. The next Prime Minister needs to commit to serious tax cuts to stimulate the economy by putting money into the pockets of consumers and businesses. Taxes such as corporation tax should be cut to encourage investment, fuel duty slashed to help the cost of living and income tax cut to stimulate demand. The situation in Northern Ireland is completely untenable. The integrity of the UK Single Market has been broken by the protocol and European institutions still have oversight in Northern Ireland. The next Prime Minister needs to restore the sovereign integrity of the United Kingdom to ensure that businesses operating in Great Britain and Northern Ireland do not face barriers and consequently additional costs.  On energy security the cost of living crisis is hitting consumers and businesses hard. A key factor in this is our dependency on energy imports. The next Prime Minister needs to move the UK towards energy security by allowing the exploration of British Natural Shale Gas and removing green levies on existing energy suppliers. We also need to review the timescale for achieving net-zero to relieve pressure on Industry. The government must also prioritize the development of a strong Nuclear energy supply. The taking of Brexit opportunities is hugely important. The British economy is stagnating because we have not taken advantage of our Brexit freedoms. We need the next Prime Minister to focus on making the British economy the most dynamic in the world.   We need energetic deregulation and a removal of trade tariffs in non-strategic areas reducing the cost of living and boosting the UK economy. The state has become enormous in recent years while British infrastructure; connectivity, planning and industry are falling behind our global competitors. The next Prime Minister needs to create conditions where investment in these essential areas is profitable. We need radical planning reform, more house building and a smaller strategic state to facilitate growth in all areas of the country.  Finally, we must ween ourselves off dependency on non free market, autocratic regimes like Russia and China, who put our security at risk and compete unfairly with hidden state aid, using their economies as an extension of power politics. While we support free markets these can only be operated within the U.K. single market and amongst nations that broadly subscribe to free competition, capitalist values and the rule of law. There are no perfect candidates for PM, however the IBN considers the candidate most likely at the moment to deliver our manifesto to be Liz Truss. 