When it comes to style, the apple doesn't fall far from the tree, and Kate Middleton loves too kit Princess Charlotte out in little mini-me ensembles. In April, the mum and daughter duo were snapped attending Easter Sunday Church service at Windsor Castle. Both looked absolutely beautiful in head-to-toe blue. Kate wore an A-line Cinderella-blue coat dress from favourite designer Emilia Wickstead. Princess Charlotte wore a floral blue and white Rachel Riley number. READ MORE: What kind of royal will Princess Charlotte be according to astrology? Both Kate and Charlotte accessorised with blue too. Kate opted for a headband, pumps and clutch, while Charlotte donned blue tights and a navy cardigan. But it wasn't just Kate and Charlotte who were matching on this particular occasion, with future Kings Prince William and son George also looking smart in navy suits. George's shirt was also the same colour as his mum's dress. Speaking to MyLondon, behavioural colour psychologist Karen Haller said: "Wearing the same hue, the Cambridges are showing they are coming together as a family, representing themselves as a cohesive unit." But this wasn't the first time Kate and little Charlotte wore similar outfits during public appearances. The pair opted for blue again on June 9, 2018, when they celebrated the Queen's 92nd birthday. Kate wore an ice blue fitted Alexander McQueen gown, complete with a hat in the same colour. READ MORE: 'Flawless' Kate wears nearly £4k worth of dresses at Wimbledon Her mini-me wore another blue and white flowery dress. Marvellously, HRH also wore a vibrant blue dress and hat. In addition to "cohesive" blue, Kate and Charlotte are also partial to pinks and purples. During a visit to hamburg in 2017, Kate and Charlotte stepped out hand in hand in pastel dresses. The Duchess opted for the Emelia Wickstead Kate dress in lavender. She paired this with some nude suede pumps. On her arm was a young Princess Charlotte, looking sweet as ever in a pink and white spotted dress. She accessorised with some white socks, burgundy plimsolls and a bow-shaped hair clip in the same colour. Just days before, on June 17, Charlotte was snapped her mothers arms wearing the same dress at the Queen's 91st birthday celebrations. Chic as ever, the royal mum went for a bright pink Sarah Burton for Alexander McQueen dress and matching Jane Taylor fascinator.