Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag was targeted by a brutal chant after Melbourne Victory took a surprise lead in Friday's pre-season friendly. The Dutchman is gearing up for his first campaign in charge of the Red Devils, where he will be under pressure to perform after a miserable sixth-place finish last term. United went into Friday's clash with Melbourne Victory brimming with confidence after seeing off bitter rivals Liverpool 4-0 on Tuesday. Jadon Sancho, Fred, Anthony Martial and Facundo Pellistri were all on target as the Reds were dispatched, putting a positive spin on Ten Hag's first match at the helm - albeit a non-competitive one. Things got off to a much rockier start on Friday, however, as Chris Ikonomidis scored within five minutes to give the Australian outfit a 1-0 lead. Aussie fans were then heard chanting "you're getting sacked in the morning" at Ten Hag before his competitive tenure at United has even started. Ten Hag only made three changes to the side that beat Liverpool, suggesting that he plans to waste no time in nailing down his preferred XI ahead of the Premier League season. JUST IN: Arsenal set to sign Man City star Oleksandr Zinchenko 'in days' as fee details emerge  Tom Heaton came in for David De Gea between the sticks, Harry Maguire took Raphael Varane's spot at centre-back and Anthony Elanga stood in for Marcus Rashford on the left wing. The two team selections will have been positively received by the likes of Diogo Dalot, Anthony Martial and Victory Lindelof - all three of which were on the fringes last term but were picked by Ten Hag to start both pre-season matches. Maguire's selection will also have been an important confidence booster after the Dutchman publicly backed the 29-year-old to continue as captain. The former Leicester City star endured a tough campaign last time out, with some Red Devils fans calling for the armband to change hands. DON'T MISS: Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd agree fee, Chelsea eyeing two deals, Ronaldo offer  Two quickfire goals from Scott McTominay and Martial set Man Utd back on the right track before half-time, silencing the Melbourne Victory chants in the process. While Ten Hag will naturally place importance on how his team performs in pre-season, there is still plenty of work to be done behind the scenes before United could consider themselves prepared for the upcoming campaign. A slow-moving transfer saga involving Barcelona midfielder Frenkie de Jong has taken up a huge chunk of their time this summer, but the new boss has been relentless in his pursuit of the Dutchman. A £63.5million fee has reportedly been agreed, but the Red Devils have been left frustrated by yet more hold-ups as De Jong and Barca squabble over deferred payments.  Transfer chief John Murtough has at least boxed off one signing in left-back Tyrell Malacia, and former Brentford maestro Christian Eriksen is expected to finalise his free transfer imminently. With United's window finally gathering pace, a deal for Ajax centre-back Lisandro Martinez is now reportedly 'done,' with the Dutch outfit signing off the last of the paperwork. Ten Hag is also thought to be keen on signing a new attacker before the end of the summer, with wantaway star Cristiano Ronaldo's future still up in the air. 