Angela Levin launched a scathing attack on the Duke of Sussex, describing him as “bitter and resentful” towards the Firm ahead of the release of his upcoming memoir. Ms Levin, who met and interviewed Prince Harry for a book she wrote about him, said the duke would be ready to speak about his family in his hotly anticipated book.  She said Prince Harry wouldn’t mind hurting people because “he feels that he has been hurt by them”. Ms Levin told the Daily Mail’s Palace Confidential show: “He’s now so bitter and resentful that he will say what he really feels and see things that he accepted years ago as now being absolutely dreadful. "I think he really wants to show his power over William because he was fed up with being the spare rather than the heir – I think he’s got a lot of poison running in his blood now about what he feels about his background and his family.  "And I think he doesn't mind if he hurts people because he feels that he has been hurt by them.” The duke’s upcoming book will span Prince Harry’s childhood, from growing up in the world’s most famous family to his present day as a father-of-two living in California with his wife Meghan Markle after the pair sensationally quit the Firm. They told Page Six: “There’s a lot of new stories in there about the past that Harry has not spoken about before, about his childhood … there is some content in there that should make his family nervous.”  READ MORE: Prince Harry sparks awkward moment during candid chat It comes after reports the release of Harry’s tell-all book would be delayed until after 2022. Prince Harry, 37, and Meghan sent shockwaves through the Royal Family when they sat down for a bombshell interview with Oprah Winfrey where they discussed life in the Firm and Megxit. During the chat, the duke said the reason for leaving was because of a “lack of support and lack of understanding”.  DON'T MISS Meghan Markle 'will be dreading' release of royal book next week [INSIGHT]Prince Harry 'fed up being the spare' as Duke reclaims 'power'[OPINION]Royal Family LIVE: 'Explosive truth bombs' Prince Harry poised to publish 'juicy' book [BLOG] The prince went on to say that his father and brother were “trapped” within the monarchy. Harry's new book was announced in July 2021 by publisher Penguin Random House. No actual publication date has ever been confirmed, but it was previously expected to be released in 2022.  Speaking about his book previously, Harry said: “I’m writing this not as the prince I was born but as the man I have become,” Harry said in a statement after the news broke last July. “I’ve worn many hats over the years, both literally and figuratively, and my hope is that in telling my story - the highs and lows, the mistakes, the lessons learned - I can help show that no matter where we come from, we have more in common than we think.  “I’m deeply grateful for the opportunity to share what I’ve learned over the course of my life so far and excited for people to read a firsthand account of my life that’s accurate and wholly truthful.”