Meghan Markle, 40, was gifted the title the Duchess of Sussex by the Queen when she married Prince Harry on May 19, 2018. Royal expert Neil Sean has warned that Meghan would be able to take on the title of Princess Henry of Wales amid calls for her to be stripped of her Sussex title. Meghan gained the title when marrying Harry who holds his title for life. Speaking on his YouTube channel, Mr Sean said: "How can Prince William stop his causes from being overlooked by someone who's simply not a working member of the monarchy but still using their titles? "A source close to Prince William tells me that this would be a radically different situation should and when he be in a position to do something about it. "As we know there's a bit of an anti-backlash against the ex-royals being able to use their titles. "To note, even if they decided to strip away the title of the Duchess of Sussex, she would then be entitled to use the title of Princess Henry and that of course would turn into Princess Meghan." READ MORE: Meghan and Harry warned 'the Firm wins' if new Oprah chat goes ahead It comes as Meghan's lobbying of US Senators has drawn mixed results from the public after the Duchess of Sussex called two Republicans on a private number. The 40-year-old's actions have been described as "just on the edge" by royal expert Angela Mollard. She added that it was "very clever" of Meghan. Speaking to the Australian morning programme Sunrise, Ms Mollard said: "I think what she's doing is being very, very clever. "She's almost creating this new brand which is half celebrity, half royalty. "I think she is just on the edge of it not being okay. "But as said America is one of only six countries in the world that doesn't have paid parental leave and it's very backward of a nation of that size to not have that provision." Royal expert Jonathan Sacerdoti warned Meghan against using her title. DON'T MISS Camilla is all smiles when greeting presenters of hit BBC show [VIDEO]Meghan in 'totally different avenue' leaving Harry as 'househusband' [INSIGHT]Prince Andrew could lose royal home in Windsor once Charles is king [ANALYSIS] Speaking to Express.co.uk, Mr Sacerdoti said: "I think that there's a sense that Meghan has increasing ambitions but maybe more as an activist than as an actual politician. "I think that would be a very bold step to go and do that especially if she constantly reminds everyone that she's the Duchess of Sussex. "She has every right to use her title but I think involving herself more in politics, especially in America, she may want to think carefully about the use of the title and any association between the Royal Family and a political cause like that. "It is a political cause that many of us might support but regardless, to appear in more political contexts in America, I think would be increasingly challenging for somebody who is still keen to tie themselves to the Royal Family. Of course, that doesn't mean she won't do it." READ NEXT: Meghan's comments on Kate 'really damaging' for Harry and WilliamPrince Harry 'thinking of relinquishing title' - claimMeghan Markle 'hoped to reconcile with Kate' for children to bond Kate and William 'don't want to be seen cosying up to Harry' - claimMeghan and Harry 'hoping for Balmoral invite' from Queen