Liverpool have been told by former Arsenal striker Kevin Campbell that they have no chance of signing Bukayo Saka this summer and that it could take them six months to get their hands on the Gunners winger. The Reds have been tipped to make a move for the 20-year-old to further bolster their frontline ahead of the new season. Saka, who came through the Arsenal academy, has another two years remaining on his current contract but has reportedly been reluctant to put pen-to-paper on a new deal amid interest from the Merseysiders and their Premier League title rivals Manchester City. The talented ace has produced a string of stellar performances over the last few seasons, bagging 11 goals and seven assists for Arsenal last time around. And Campbell thinks he will be staying in north London for the time being. “He is already under contract,” the 52-year-old told Highbury Squad. “These things are not just going to get done in a couple of months. These things could take six months but Arsenal are not, trust me, they are not going to sell Saka in this window. No chance. No chance.” READ MORE: Frenkie de Jong may already have Haaland issue as he plans arrival   At the end of last season, the Daily Mail revealed that Saka is happy at Arsenal and has a good relationship with his manager Mikel Arteta. But the attacker does have a desire to play in the Champions League and would want any new contract to include an exit strategy in the form of a release clause. The Gunners don’t normally insert release clauses into players’ contracts as they want to be in a position of strength when they sell their stars. But they might have to make an exception for Saka. DON'T MISS: Man Utd 'open' to Cristiano Ronaldo transfer due to Erik ten Hag (TRANSFERS)Chelsea Cristiano Ronaldo talks 'continue' but Tuchel could veto raid (NEWS)Cristiano Ronaldo’s four demanded signings for Man Utd examined (ANALYSIS)   Saka has already racked-up 131 first-team appearances for Arsenal and has contributed 23 goals and 29 assists. And he is now a regular for Gareth Southgate’s England side. Since making his Three Lions debut against Wales in October 2020, the youngster has gone on to accumulate 17 more caps for his country. Last summer he played four times for England as the team reached the final of Euro 2020. But his tournament ultimately ended in disappointment as he missed his side’s final spot kick in their penalty shootout final defeat to Italy. Saka swiftly moved on from his heartache to impress during the last campaign, however. And he looks set to make his mark on the Premier League once again next time around whether he stays at the Emirates Stadium or ends up moving on. 