Ian Wright was left fuming at the referee during the Euro 2022 final between England and Germany on Sunday. Ukrainian official Kateryna Monzul got plenty of criticism from the former Arsenal striker at half-time of the match at Wembley. Wright claimed there was a lack of consistency from Monzul. Two England players were booked in the first half, compared to one for Germany. Georgia Stanway received her card for a trip on Sara Daebritz. Ellen White then picked up a yellow for what appeared to be dissent. Felicitas Rauch was the first Germany player in the book after fouling Beth Mead. But Wright felt Monzul did not give bookings for other challenges made by Germany players which were worthy of a caution. Wright, while analysing highlights of the first half, said on BBC One: "A load of inconsistency! When you look at that one, how is that not a foul?  "She's impeding her to go past, she's going past her there. Same with this one, that's kind of a cynical foul, she's going towards the box. "Watch, look, how is that not a booking? Come on, ref. The referee's been terrible. Those fouls are supposed to be punished. They're not punishing them so they're getting away with it. This is what happens, this is what I've said." Wright said Stanway had no complaints about her yellow card. And he reckons she was perhaps lucky to stay on the pitch after a later tackle. He added: "Yeah [it's fair enough] but it's the same as the last one. You kind of expect to get booked for that one maybe. "But the fact is, we've got to worry, we're worried now. We're worried about Georgia Stanway because we know she's that kind of player.  "I think she's very fortunate here because the referee's been very poor. We've got away with one there because that's late, she's gone to ground." Arsenal manager Jonas Eidevall was alongside Wright on the punditry panel. And he said he would consider taking Stanway off early in the second half. He said: "I think this is a problem now for Sarina [Wiegman] in the second half because Georgia Stanway will be a player playing on thin ice all of the time. It's a part of her game. "If I was the manager here, I wouldn't risk it for too many minutes. First I would have a speech with her in the half-time room and see if she's controlling her emotions. If you feel she's not getting there in the first 10 minutes, then I would sub." 