 Today, Lunaz has announced the establishment of its expanded upcycling campus at Silverstone Technology Park in Northamptonshire. The state-of-the-art upcycling and electrification plant, the first of its kind in the world adds 140,000 sq ft to the company’s existing facilities.  This quadruples Lunaz’ industrial vehicles remanufacturing and electrification footprint. It also creates additional space for Lunaz Applied Technologies (LAT), which upcycles diesel-powered industrial vehicles. Once at the factory, vehicles like recycling trucks are restored to brand new condition and converted to full electric power. These Upcycled Electric Vehicles (UEVs) also incorporate significant safety, connectivity and ergonomic improvements, empowering fleet operators and local authorities to progress toward net-zero emissions. READ MORE: Little-known button at petrol pump that gets the exact amount of fuel  LAT’s expanded upcycling campus is comfortably the largest company within the globally renowned Silverstone Technology Cluster by space and employees. It is the first facility of this kind in the world to focus purely on the upcycling, re-engineering and electrification of industrial vehicles at scale. David Lorenz, Founder of Lunaz, praised the achievement of the expanded plant, saying it would be able to keep up with the demand for electrification. He said: “This landmark project represents a huge step forward for Lunaz Applied Technologies and the wider drive towards clean-air mobility. DON'T MISSDrivers urged to be careful when switching to EVs [WARNING]UK drivers hesitant to switch to less-known electric cars like Rivian [INSIGHT]Driver furious over ‘rude’ note left on her car after parking dispute [SHOCKING]  “We have dramatically expanded our upcycling campus in Silverstone, Northamptonshire, in response to market sentiment, and the clear and growing demand for upcycled electric vehicles. “We’re backing our own technology, processes and people, and making a powerful statement of intent for our vision of Lunaz Applied Technologies. “It’s also a renewed vote of confidence from us and our investors in the UK as our chosen long-term location for LAT’s manufacturing and research and development activities. “This development will enable us to unlock the vast potential of UEV technology to break the replace-with-new cycle and bring us ever closer to carbon neutrality.”  It is the first facility of this kind in the world to focus purely on the upcycling, re-engineering and electrification of industrial vehicles at scale. The new upcycling and electrification industry responds to the pressing need to find more ecologically viable and cost-effective solutions to transition the more than two billion vehicles that currently exist to clean-air powertrains. This is in the wake of aggressive legislation to ban the sale of new internal combustion engine vehicles globally within the next decade. When repurposed into UEVs, these end-of-life vehicles are cleaner, less expensive and better-equipped than their all-new equivalents, helping fleet operators and authorities reach their net-zero goals.  Independent research commissioned by LAT shows that upcycling a vehicle saves over 80 percent of its lifetime embedded carbon when compared to replacing a vehicle with an all-new equivalent. With the expansion, Lunaz will create more than 300 jobs, ranking it as one of the fastest-growing companies in Britain. As well as supporting Europe’s largest fleet operators and several authorities around Britain in achieving their net-zero efforts, LAT has invested in technology to reduce its own environmental footprint. The new upcycling campus will be highly thermally efficient and use heating powered by sustainably-generated electricity, all tools used by production experts will be battery-operated. Vehicle ramps will be fitted with a kinetic energy recovery system to minimise power usage.