Manchester United will meet with Frenkie de Jong when Barcelona’s pre-season tour of the United States is done, according to reports. The Red Devils have, so far, been unable to bring the Netherlands international to Old Trafford. But Erik ten Hag is refusing to give up and wants the 25-year-old at all costs. Manchester United agreed a fee with Barcelona for De Jong earlier this month. But while they’re prepared to pay an initial £63million to land the player, they’ve been frustrated in their attempts to bring the midfielder to Old Trafford. United have spent nearly three months negotiating for the Netherlands international, who is Ten Hag’s top target with the duo previously working together at Ajax. And, now, Sport say United will meet with De Jong when he gets back from America. Barcelona are currently touring the States as they prepare for the start of the new La Liga season. And it’s been a productive experience so far, with Xavi’s team beating Real Madrid and Inter Miami while drawing 2-2 with Juventus. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative De Jong has been used as a centre-back in all three of those matches, despite being a midfielder by trade. United would use him in his natural position should he move to the Premier League, particularly given how well-stocked they are at the back. The report says United are preparing a ‘final offensive’ for the Netherlands international as they look to belatedly get this transfer over the line. And they’re now prepared to match what the 25-year-old currently earns at Barcelona. In Catalonia, the midfielder is believed to earn in the region of £360,000 a week after being given a huge deal upon arriving from Ajax three years ago. Barcelona, at the time, had to make a huge financial gesture given De Jong was also attracting interest from the likes of Paris Saint-Germain and Manchester City. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong And United are also prepared to ‘pay the arrears’ that De Jong is owed by Barcelona after taking a pay cut at the start of the coronavirus pandemic in 2020. United think this will be enough to persuade De Jong to move, especially given how he’d be earning more than Cristiano Ronaldo. Yet the Netherlands international is supposedly still reluctant to leave Barcelona for Old Trafford. De Jong won’t play in the Champions League with United this season after they finished sixth in the Premier League table last term. And he also thinks the club have ‘numerous problems’, having failed to win the title since 2013. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it De Jong would prefer to join Bayern Munich or Chelsea. Yet the Blues aren’t pursuing a deal right now and Bayern have already used the bulk of their funds on the likes of Matthijs de Ligt and Sadio Mane. Meanwhile, United have been linked with Sergej Milinkovic-Savic in the event they’re unable to land De Jong. And Kevin Campbell, speaking to Football Insider, has expressed a belief the Serbia international would be a good signing for Ten Hag to make. “He’s a really top player,” he said. “He has been linked with Arsenal and Newcastle as well. If Man United come into town and put the money down, I think Lazio’s ears will really prick up. “Is it a risk? I don’t think so. I have watched him play. He is an exciting player. Yes, he has never played in the Premier League before. He might take a little bit of time to adapt but I’m confident he could cut it here. “Frenkie de Jong is a player Ten Hag already knows. He knows what he brings and what he can get out of him so I understand why he would be the preference. But if they cannot get De Jong, Milinkovic-Savic would be a great option.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here