The Emmerdale teenager discovered she was pregnant in dramatic scenes which aired last week. The news came after her uncle Dan Spencer (played by Liam Fox) told her to get checked over by a doctor after weeks of collapsing. As ITV soap fans await to find out whether Amelia keeps the baby, actress Daisy Campbell opened up on Lorraine about asking her bosses to run with the pregnancy storyline. Ranvir Singh, who was stepping in for Lorraine Kelly on Tuesday, began: "What I find extraordinary is that this harrowing part of Amelia's life is something that you went to the scriptwriters with?" The 18-year-old actress nodded and explained she and her Emmerdale co-star Liam had an idea for a pregnancy storyline in their heads last year. "We were like right, we can put this story together," Daisy explained. "We thought we could just pitch it to producers." Ranvir asked if producers were quite open to actors pitching their own storylines for the ITV soap. READ MORE: All Creatures Great and Small's Nicholas Ralph tribute to co-star "Yes, they can be sometimes," Daisy added. "So we pitched it to them and they were like, 'Yeah, we will think about it.' "And then I got told about the weight gain storyline and in January I got told about the pregnancy." Daisy, who has starred in the soap for 11 years, added: "Everything has just come at once, it's mental." On Tuesday night's episode of Emmerdale, 15-year-old Amelia attended a clinic to discuss aborting her baby with a doctor.  She didn't feel she could tell Dan about her pregnancy and assured her doctor she was not being forced into having an abortion. However, the youngster then discovered she was already in the second trimester of her pregnancy following a scan. Her doctor told her she is still able to get an abortion if she wishes to. Unsure of what to do, Amelia headed to church but was interrupted by Kerry Wyatt (Laura Norton). DON'T MISS...Emmerdale theory: Mackenzie Boyd to adopt Moses Dingle as Ross killed [LATEST]Emmerdale fans 'work out' Amelia's connection to newcomer Clemmie [THEORY]Claire King weight loss: TV star shed almost 1st with one diet method [PICTURES] While Kerry could see Amelia was in a bad way, she assumed the teenager was still upset over her body image after taking weight-gaining syrup. Amelia asked Kerry if she was free the following day, but when Kerry explained she was busy, Amelia chose not to say anything about the pregnancy. Feeling unable to speak to anyone, will Amelia go through with an abortion alone? Will she let the father of the unborn child know if she decides to keep the baby or not?   Could the father be Noah Dingle (Jack Downham) following the recent scenes together where she admitted she had a crush on him? Amelia did tell her doctor she slept with "a teenager like her" so perhaps Samson Dingle (Sam Hall) is the father but viewers will have to wait to find out for certain. Emmerdale airs weeknights at 7.30pm on ITV.  