Cybersecurity specialist Jeremiah Fowler said hackers Anonymous have declared a “cyber war” on Russia by targeting it in six different and clever ways. He said Moscow may have been the “Iron Curtain” but the hackers were making them look like a “paper curtain”.  The most effective strategies have seen Anonymous hack into Russian databases and leak the information online. Mr Fowler, co-founder of the cybersecurity company Security Discovery, told CNBC: “Anonymous has made Russia’s governmental and civilian cyber defences appear weak. “The group has demystified Russia’s cyber capabilities and successfully embarrassed Russian companies, government agencies, energy companies and others.” “The methods Anonymous have used against Russia have not only been highly disruptive and effective, they have also rewritten the rules of how a crowdsourced modern cyberwar is conducted. He said information collected from the database breaches could show criminal activity as well as “who pulls the strings and where the money goes”. Mr Fowler revealed how Anonymous has hacked over 2,500 Russian and Belarusian sites, leaking stolen data online with database hacks.  READ MORE: Energy crisis to leave UK following in Berlin footsteps to save money Hackers have also targeted companies around the world, who are continuing to do business with Putin despite his war in Ukraine. They have also blocked Russian and Belarusian websites. One major moment saw them reportedly disrupt internet connections at Vladimir Putin’s keynote speech at St Petersburg International Economic Forum, which delayed it by 100 minutes.  DON'T MISS Putin facing 'emergency situation' as 'Doomsday plane' breached [REVEALED]Putin scrapes bottom of barrel as shady mercenaries called in'Russia in deficit!' [INSIGHT] Blinken dismantles Putin’s 'stable economy' spin [COMMENT] Anonymous are also training up new recruits and providing cybersecurity assistance to Ukraine. They have also allegedly hijacked media and streaming services in Russia with Russia 24, Moscow 23, Wink, Channel One and Ivi all experiencing censored images and messages shown on TV broadcasts. Russians are also being targeted, with hackers making direct contact with them via Russia’s social networking site VK.  Grocery store receipts and printers have also been hacked to print anti-war and anti-Moscow messages. Mr Fowler said the methods were “highly disruptive and effective”. “The methods Anonymous have used against Russia have not only been highly disruptive and effective, they have also rewritten the rules of how a crowdsourced modern cyberwar is conducted.”  It comes after it emerged Putin had suffered a major security breach on his so-called 'Doomsday Plane', crafted to withstand catastrophic nuclear war. Thirty-nine pieces of equipment were stolen from the Ilyushin Il-80 Maxdome plane, which was stationed at the Russian city of Taganrog, in the Sea of Azov. The security breach took place as the plane underwent maintenance work.