BBC Breakfast presenter Naga Munchetty, 47, sent her messages of support to co-star Jon Kay after he confirmed he has tested positive with Covid. As a result, Jon was forced to miss his first day as Dan Walker's official replacement on the morning show. Confirming the news to his 45,000 Twitter followers, Jon shared a photograph of a positive lateral flow test.He penned in the caption: “Aaaagh! Finally got me. Gutted not to be able to start the new job officially @BBCBreakfast on Monday.  “I guess working from home isn’t really an option @BBCFrediani [BBC Breakfast editor]?”Naga got in touch soon after and shared her sadness that Jon had to miss his first day. READ MORE:'Do miss each other' Pauline Collins on being 'separated' from husband She wrote: “Argh! Hope you're not feeling too poorly x.”Many others also got in touch, including Jon’s predecessor Dan Walker.The Channel 5 host said: “Oh no Jon! Hope you feel ok.”It was announced on Friday that Jon had been appointed as Dan’s official BBC Breakfast replacement. The BBC confirmed that Jon will join Sally Nugent permanently on the red sofa going forward after filling in for Dan since his departure last month.Jon shared the happy news with his followers and said he was “delighted” to have landed the job.He wrote: “So delighted to share this news and join the outstanding @BBCBreakfast team full time.  “An absolute honour to front the UK’s number one morning show with my mates @sallynugent @TVNaga01 and Charlie (and his new cat!).” DON'T MISSRegé-Jean Page defends Florence Pugh 'Take a look at yourself fellas!'[LATEST]Novak Djokovic's wife addresses marriage ahead of Wimbledon[INSIGHT]Coleen Nolan wows in blue as son marries fiancée in 'perfect’ ceremony[NEWS] Plenty of Jon’s BBC friends got in touch to congratulate him.Co-star Sally gushed: “Brilliant news!”New Newsnight presenter Victoria Derbyshire added: “Well done Jon!”While Sally Bundock echoed: “Big congratulations Jon!! I’ll see you bright and early.” And Ben Boulos wrote: “Many congratulations Jon! Really delighted for you - a natural fit and very well-deserved.  “Looking forward to working with you again soon - and perhaps a chance to celebrate with something fizzy (lemonade?) when our shifts next overlap.” 