Below Deck Mediterranean crashed back onto screens for its seventh season but it wasn't exactly smooth sailing for Captain Sandy and her crew. After suffering a major mechanical failure, guests and cast members were left traumatised. Hitting fans with a "to be continued" banner, the premier of the much awaited seventh series left viewers fearing the worst. As bottles flew across the superyacht, crew members couldn't hide the panic on their faces when they realised the boat's stabilisers were out. Furniture and anything not attached to the deck slid around as the superyacht violently rocked back and forth. Deckhand Mzi "Dee" Dempers revealed the incident left everyone onboard reeling after the 'traumatic' experience. READ MORE: Carol Vorderman distracts fans with 'annoying' habit He said: "It was a bad situation. "It was something very very unexpected. You just worry about the safety of yourselves and the guests." Acknowledging the "teething problems" that always comes with a new boat, the Bravo cast member told E! News the crew were very much still in a period of learning. He shared insight to the fact they regularly experience issues with the superyacht and with time will iron out the kinks. The machinery isn't the only thing giving the hit reality show grief this season however. Drama between the crew is rife and showing no signs of easing any time soon. Mzi went on to say: "Generally, our season has a lot of different personalities, and in terms of that, people are always gonna clash." The returning deckhand admitted he found himself in the middle of spats "more so this season than last season." DON'T MISS...Below Deck Med's Captain Sandy speaks out on challenge of change [INSIGHT]Below Deck Med’s Captain Sandy shares concerns for season 7 crew [INSIGHT]Below Deck Med fans call for Raygan to be fired [UPDATE] Whether the crew can get themselves out of hot water will be revealed in next week's episode as the yachties return for more. The much-loved reality hit is setting sail in Malta and audiences can expect the usual boatmances, scandal and tension between the new cast and crew. Every episode of the seventh run will see the crew pushed to their limits in pursuit of the perfect guest charter. From dusting down cabins, to beach picnics and babysitting billionaires as they tear up the ocean on jet-skis, Captain Sandy and her crew have their hands full. Navigating a new motor, at the helm of the 163-foot superyacht Sandy Yawn will overcome challenges of her own. A mostly new set of yachties on hand to help, she's grateful to see the familiar face of deckhand Mzi returning to show the newbies what's what. Fans already sharing their opinions on the latest instalment, there could be trouble for the show's fresh faces as calls are already being made to fire Bosun Raygan Tyler. Watch the Below Deck Mediterranean drama unfold in the US on Bravo and in the UK on Hayu.