Summer is a time when many flowers and plants flourish. However, to keep them looking their best, they need regular maintenance. This includes watering, feeding and deadheading. The Royal Horticultural Society (RHS) said: “Deadheading is the term used for the removal of flowers from plants when they are fading or dead. “It is done to keep plants looking attractive and encourage more blooms, whether in beds and borders, containers or hanging baskets.” This job is really “easy” to do throughout the summer months and is a form of pruning. Regular deadheading directs energy into stronger growth and more flowers. The RHS added: “Once the flowers are pollinated, seed heads, pods or capsules form at the expense of further growth and flower development. READ MORE: ‘Worst thing for them’: Mrs Hinch fans share 25p hack to oust slugs “It can prevent plants with numerous petals, such as peonies, some camellias and many roses from scattering debris widely.” Gardeners should deadhead when spent flowers look scruffy. This job should be done as soon as possible, however, a few days won’t make too much difference. The experts continued: “The simplest method is to just pinch off the faded blooms with finger and thumb. DON'T MISS:How to stop fungus gnat infestation this summer [COMMENT]‘Creative’ watering hacks to keep houseplants alive while away [EXPLAINER]Homes Under the Hammer: Retired buyer boosts house price by £30k [PICTURES] “Aim to remove the flower with its stalk to ensure the plant looks tidy.” Gardeners can also use secateurs, scissors or a knife. Plants which can be deadheaded with these tools include dahlias, calendulas, marigolds and shrubs such as lilac. The RHS said: “For border perennials and annuals, trim away the old flowers, generally cutting back to a bud or leaf. READ MORE: Gardening jobs to do now to keep the garden in ‘tip top’ shape “Some hardy geraniums, delphiniums and lupins produce a second flush of flowers if cut back close to ground level after flowering. “Others, such as lady’s mantle and oriental poppies, can still be cut back near ground level but, usually, only produce fresh foliage. “Gently snap off the faded flowers of roses, breaking the stalk just below the head.” What plants in the garden need to be deadheaded? Gardeners can deadhead tender plants growing in beds, containers and hanging baskets. The RHS said they respond well to deadheading. Geraniums and roses also need to be deadheaded regularly. The experts continued: “Amongst the most important shrubs to deadhead are rhododendron, camellias, lilacs and tree peonies. “Use finger and thumb to pick or snap off each deadhead where it joins the stem or secateurs to cut just below the flower head. “Avoid damaging buds or developing growths immediately below the flower.”