Pictures have surfaced of Russian troops using an open-topped green lorry to carry troops. The green truck is emblazoned with the ‘Z’ logo, signifying pro-war sentiment. Antti Eskelinen, who according to Twitter is a motorized infantry and logistic lieutenant in the Finnish army reserve, posted a picture of the Russian lorry. He mocked Putin’s army online, writing: “Russia is the greatest superpower on the planet earth. “They use dump truck as armoured personnel carriers.” Twitter users responded to Mr Eskelinen’s post mocking the Russian military’s use of civilian vehicles. User @UtherBelenos said: “It's a troop recycling vehicle. NATO can't even dream about these. Checkmate, western imperialists!” Another user, @plueschfuerst, added: “They're really making an effort to show everyone, domestic as well as foreign, how much they value their citizens?” User @TippyAngle suggested it “just shows they're running out of supplies”. READ MORE: Ukraine LIVE: Putin's nuke warning sparks fear of 'Ice Age' return Mr Eskelinen also noted a picture of civilian vehicles driven by Russian forces from February, all of which carried the ‘Z’ insignia, a motif for the Kremlin. He said: “Still remember these Russian motorized units in Ukraine from February?” The letter symbol has been spotted on soldiers and other Russian military vehicles. DON'T MISS Brexit LIVE: Desperate Boris appoints arch-Remainer to sacked Gove Boris was right to try and stay, his departure will be damaging Michael Gove 'revenge' sacking 'going down badly' with Tory MPs It comes after Russian forces “succeeded in liberating” the Luhansk region in Ukraine. Luhansk is a region of eastern Ukraine that had been partially controlled by pro-Russian separatists since 2014. Sergey Shoigu, Russian defence minister, told Putin the news at the Kremlin in a televised meeting. Putin responded: “The military units that took part in active combat and achieved success, a victory in the Luhansk direction, must have a rest, boost their combat capabilities.” Ihor Romanenko, former deputy chief of Ukraine’s general staff of armed forces, told Al Jazeera Putin’s remarks suggested Russian forces and supplies were exhausted after more than two months of storming the region. He said: “These are very serious losses. That’s why Russians are withdrawing them, regrouping, deploying them to other directions.” Pavel Luzin, a Russia-based military analyst with the Jamestown Foundation, a think-tank in Washington, DC, also told the outlet: “There is no sense in such a takeover. “Russia didn’t get anything but desert after losing a huge amount of forces.”