Farmers have been rocked by burning crops, while grass is on fire in locations around Britain. Emergency services have warned of wildfires, advising the public not to use barbeques or leave litter which could spark fires in the countryside. Meanwhile, open leisure areas, including zoos and wildlife parks, are closed to protect animals, staff and visitors. Fires have been reported in: A large field in Chesterfield, Derbyshire, was on fire today as temperatures in the area passed 37C degrees. Fire crews rushed to the scene to extinguish the blaze, with pictures showing a large area of the crops destroyed. Crews are pictured wading between thick grass and crops, trying to control the flames. Drone pictures show large swathes of a field completely burnt out. In Doncaster, a grassland fire broke out at around 1.40pm today. Crews and nine fire engines were called to the scene as the flames are approaching a residential area. A spokesperson for South Yorkshire Fire and Rescue said: “Please avoid Repton Road, Skellow. We know it's hard - but we're also asking people living nearby to shut windows and doors for their own safety.” A major fire at a recycling centre in Bocking, Essex, was also reported earlier today. Essex Fire and Rescue Service said in a statement: "Our control room received more than 60 calls to this incident. The fire is producing lots of smoke, please avoid the area and if you live nearby, please keep your windows and doors shut. "Six on-call crews were called to a recycling centre in Bocking between Convent Lane and the A131 at Marks Farm. "On arrival, crews reported that approximately 600 tonnes of waste clothing is alight. "Crews are working to prevent the fire from spreading to nearby woodland and are working to extinguish the fire in sections. "Please avoid the area while we deal with this incident." Leading forecaster the Met Office had warned the country's infrastructure was not cut out for such temperatures as part of its extreme heat warning issued last Friday. Scientists predicted temperatures could reach 40C as a result of climate change, warning the figure “could be as much as 10 times more likely in the current climate than under a natural climate unaffected by human influence”. Climate change, which has pushed average global temperatures up by around 1.2C and caused drier soils, is making heatwaves longer, more intense and more likely. According to the Met Office's fire severity index, which is a map detailing the risk of wild fires breaking out across the country, Derbyshire is under an amber alert, which means it is at a "very high risk." Across Derbyshire temperatures are set to peak tomorrow at 40C - a three degree increase from today. Despite warnings referring to the heath of individuals in the sweltering heat, the Peak District's beauty spots have been closed to the public through fear of fires starting. They sit just over 5.5 miles west of the Chesterfield fire site. Bosses at the Peak District National Park said: "The risk of fire on the Peak District Moors has now reached a critical level, unseen for many years. As a result, public access has been suspended from all Access Land until this risk has reduced." READ MORE: Black smoke fills sky as fire engulfs London flat balcony Firefighters are also tackling a huge fire at a country park in Birmingham today. The grassland blaze at Lickey Hills Country Park in Rednal is raging with around 4,305 square feet of land near the golf course reportedly alight. Hereford and Worcester Fire and Rescue Service said in a statement: "HWFRS crews from Bromsgrove, Droitwich, Worcester and Redditch Fire Stations are currently fighting a fire in the open in the area of Rose Hill in Rednal in the Lickey Hills. "West Midlands Fire and Rescue Service crews from Kings Norton and Woodgate Valley are also in attendance. "An area of approximately 400 sq mtrs is well alight and people are asked to stay away from the area - residents are asked to keep their doors and windows closed." DON'T MISS: UK washout: Exact time torrid 40C heatwave to be shattered by storm The fire was reported at 1.15pm. The cause has yet to be confirmed. Meanwhile, in north Anglesey, North Wales, terrifying images show a huge blaze on farmland. Scrubland and a large hay field are ablaze, while gorse is on fire in Holyhead. It comes as North Wales recorded its hottest ever day - 37.1C in Hawarden, Flintshire.    A large fire is also burning grass in the Scotswood area of Newcastle. Crews from Tyne and Wear Fire and Rescue Service are operating at the scene with five fire appliances. Firefighters urge people to avoid the area and keep windows and doors closed if possible. Chronicle Live reported delays of up to 120 minutes and some cancellations on Transpennine Express and London North Eastern Railway between Newcastle and York due to lineside fire. Meanwhile, traffic was stopped in both directions on the M25 as firefighters swarmed to extinguish a tanker truck that had caught fire on the busy motorway. The closure sparked commuter hell for those already battling to get home. Kent Fire and Rescue said that three fire engines and a bulk water carrier were at the scene tackling the blaze. National Highways said at 6pm that traffic had been allowed to pass after both carriageways were temporarily shut. M25 traffic HELL: Tanker fire shuts busy route as travel nightmare hits roads  Another large grass fire broke out in Sunderland. Tyne and Wear Fire and Rescue Service said that crews are operating with three appliances in attendance. The fire is burning at the rear of the Beacon of Light. Residents are urged to avoid the area.  In south Norfolk, firefighters are battling a blaze that broke out in a field at around 4pm. Firefighters rushed to the scene in Heywood, near Diss, including eight fire crews from Diss, Long Stratton, Hingham, Hethersett, Harleston, Attleborough and Wymondham. East Anglian Daily Times reported that an electrical pylon is believed to have caught fire, causing the field to catch alight. The blaze is spreading quickly across the field and has set alight to a nearby wooded area. Because of the blaze, power has been cut to 900 homes across eight postcodes as overhead high voltage electrical cables are damaged. In Wales, a grass fire is reported in the area of Carmarthenshire. Heddlu Dyfed-Powys Police said the road is closed between the Black Mountain & Llangadog, with residents and motorists urged to avoid the area.  Elsewhere, in Nottinghamshire, homes were evacuated and the main road into a village shut due to a "huge" field fire. The blaze reportedly destroyed a whole field of crops. Police evacuated some properties on Station Road, Orston. Station Road was also closed at its junctions with the A52 at Elton-on-the-Hill and in the village. As Fire and Rescue Services were scattered across the country, a crew from Earls Barton in Northamptonshire delivered safety advice directly to residents. The firefighters went at Earls Barton bends carpark on Station Road to inform people and encourage them to use BBQs sensibly. London Fire Brigade tweeted: “Firefighters have brought two large grass fires during day one of the heatwave under control. “Grassland at Cranford Park in Hayes and Woolwich Common were damaged by fire.” The statement added: “Spare a thought for fire crews working hard in hot temperatures.” Around eight fire engines and 60 firefighters were called to deal with the fire in Hayes and the same amount attended Woolwich which saw two acres of shrubland set alight. Meanwhile four fire engines and 25 firefighters got a fire on Bexleyheath in Kent under control. Yet another grass fire had occurred at the back of Halcot Avenue which was the size of three football pitches. The London Fire Brigade issued a tweet about how to prevent grass fires saying: “We are continuing to urge people to help prevent grass fires as the heatwave continues. “Make sure rubbish, especially glass, is safely thrown away and cigarettes are properly disposed of. “Around two hectares of grass in Feltham was damaged by fire yesterday.