Gabriel Jesus has been even better than Arsenal staff expected following his move to the club, according to reports. Jesus joined Arsenal from Manchester City earlier this month for a fee of £45million. The Gunners were in desperate need of a new striker following the exits of Alexandre Lacazette and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang in the last six months. Jesus quickly emerged as their top target this summer and they finally got their man last week. The Brazilian made an immediate impression on his first outing for the club in a friendly against FC Nurnberg last Friday. He scored twice, including a goal within 90 seconds of coming on, and had a hand in two more as Mikel Arteta's side ran out 5-3 winners. Mikel Arteta already knew Jesus well following his time as Pep Guardiola's assistant at City. Technical director Edu has also known him for a long time due to his previous links with the Brazil national team. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd agree fee, Chelsea eyeing two deals, Ronaldo offer  But the Independent says Jesus has been even better than Arsenal expected in his first two weeks with them. There is excitement around the club at how big a player he can be for them. Jesus was never the first name on Guardiola's team sheet at City. But the feeling at Arsenal is that giving him further responsibility will help him fulfil his true potential. Jesus always felt he had to prove himself at City and was behind Sergio Aguero for the majority of his time at the Etihad. Now he is set to be a guaranteed starter for Arteta. Jesus and Arteta had a good relationship when they were at City together and the forward is excited to work with him again. Jesus said: “We spoke a couple of times about the club, the players, the project and the future. DON'T MISSArsenal set to sign Man City star Oleksandr Zinchenko 'in days' as fee details emergeChelsea 'sign Arsenal ace Omari Hutchinson' as Gunners contract talks break downWilliam Saliba's reasoning for telling Arsenal he wants to leave this summer  "I believe 100 per cent in Mikel. I had a very good time with him before, he’s a very good guy and a very good coach as well. “He helped me a lot [at City]. We would always stick together after the training sessions and do some finishing or something. He’s a very intelligent guy and was an amazing player, so if he knows something he can teach me or the young players.” Jesus could be joined by another familiar face at Arsenal. City star Oleksandr Zinchenko is a top target for Arteta and reportedly could complete a move to the Emirates by next week. 