An election for the new leader of the Conservative party is now underway after Boris Johnson resigned last Thursday. Many MPs have announced their intention to run as leader after dozens of prominent members of the party quit, declaring they had no confidence in Boris Johnson’s leadership. After a Prime Minister steps down, a party election is immediately triggered which is run by the 1922 committee, a powerful backbencher group within the party. An MP trying to become the party leader must secure the support of a number of MPs before they can officially run. This number changes in every party election. Once every potential leader has been declared, there will be a series of votes until only two candidates remain. In the first round, candidates must receive five percent of the vote to remain in the race. In the second round, 10 percent of the vote is required.After these two rounds, the potential leader with the least number of votes is eliminated. The general public does not get a vote on the next Conservative party leader. When a Prime Minister resigns, a general election is not automatically triggered. The next general election will be at the latest in January 2025. However, a Prime Minister can decide to call an election before that date. READ MORE: Next Prime Minister: When will know who is the next PM? The Conservative leadership election is not open to the general public, so only people with a Conservative membership can vote. People can become members of the Conservative party by signing up on their website and paying an annual donation for a number of perks. However, it has not been announced yet if new Conservative members can participate in the election. There may be rules put in place to stop people who aren’t Conservative from trying to sway the election. DON'T MISS:Expert pinpoints EVERY flaw that led to Boris Johnson's demise [INSIGHT]Boris Johnson resigned after 'entire Civil Service' backed removal [ANALYSIS]'Completely tragic' German uproar over Bulls*r Boris [COMMENT] The schedule for the election varies. In 2019, the election took two months after Theresa May stepped down but it could go on longer. The timetable is set by the 1922 committee and is yet to be confirmed. An announcement is expected to be made before parliament breaks for the summer later in July.