Carole Middleton has been spotted at day nine of the Wimbledon Tennis Championships. She was accompanied by husband Michael Middleton and wore a grey and peach floral maxi dress for the occasion. With her daughter, Kate Middleton the Patron of the Lawn Tennis Association, it is no surprise to see Carole attending this year’s Wimbledon. She watched several matches last week and ahead of the finals this weekend, the Party Pieces business owner attended today. Carole chose a long and breezy maxi dress for the occasion. It had a background colour of pale grey, and featured large peach flowers and fauna. READ MORE: Queen Letizia steps out with husband King Felipe and daughters  It had a v-neckline and had buttons from the top to bottom of the middle of the dress. It was three-quarter sleeve and had a a-line skirt creating an hourglass silhoutte. To accessorise, Carole chose a pair of nude chunky heels and a round straw handbag. She also finished the outfit off with a pair of oversized sunglasses and drop earrings. DON'T MISS...Twix announces new smaller chocolate bars to combat cost of living [NEWS]Correct way to fold a t-shirt in 2 seconds - ‘blown away!’ [VIDEO]Weight loss expert shares ‘key to losing weight’ - not diet [EXPERT] As for where she sat today, she was welcomed into the royal box. Her daughter, Kate was also in attendance. The Duchess was joined by Prince William and sat in the front row, of the royal box, several seats away from Carole. Kate chose a bright blue spotty dress for today's outing. READ MORE: Kate Middleton gives clothing a 'new lease of life' with one trick It is not a new dress for the royal, instead a rewear. The item is by Alessandra Rich, a designer which has created several of Kates polka dot dresses recently. It is a custom version of the Pleated embellished polka-dot silk crepe de chine midi dress. It looks like Kate’s dress does not feature the crystal belt buckle.  She might have removed the crystal buttons off the shoulder too. Kate debuted the dress at the Platinum Jubilee Big Lunch. The original dress was priced at £1,515 but is on sale. It can now be bought for £454.