As fans await the highly anticipated premiere of NCIS Hawaii’s second season, showrunners confirmed a familiar face would appear in AMC’s Isle of the Dead. The Walking Dead spin-off is set to premiere in 2023 and is expected to feature a number of familiar faces. NCIS Hawaii first landed on screens in September 2021 and featured the show’s first female Special Agent, Jane Tennant (played by Vanessa Lachey). The show explored her personal life and her career as she led a team of agents to crack down on crime on the island. It also gave fans an insight into her life as a single mother to her children Alex Tennant (Kian Talan) and Julie Tennant (Mahina Napoleon). With NCIS Hawaii returning for a second instalment in September fans should also expect to see young actress Mahina star in another acclaimed franchise. READ MORE: NCIS' Pauley Perrette showered with support after home struggle The Walking Dead showrunner Scott M Gimple addressed the crowd of fans at the 2022 San Diego Comic-Con and dropped some major hints about the show. He revealed that production for the eagerly awaited spin-off, Isle of the Dead had officially begun. Gimple also shared that the nine-year-old actress Mahina had joined the cast of the Walking Dead sequel. As he announced the new cast and their roles, the showrunner promised fans, that the appearances would be “awesome.” He stated: “Those characters don't mean anything to you now, but they will because they are awesome.” Giving fans a brief description of the series, Gimple explained: “The show itself is about Maggie (Lauren Cohan) and Negan (Jeffrey Dean Morgan) in a mad house known as New York City during the apocalypse." It was also revealed Mahina would star as a main character Ginny, a young survivor of the outbreak. She will star alongside Lauren Cohan and Jeffrey Dean Morgan who will reprise their roles as the fan-favourites Maggie Greene and Negan Smith. DON'T MISS:NCIS NOLA's Scott Bakula dealt huge blow as new show axed by NBCNCIS LA’s Kensi Blye star sparks meltdown with peek at season 14 setNCIS’ Michael Weatherly pays tribute to Bull co-star in exit update Mahina’s co-star Jason Antoon who portrayed Ernie Malik took to Instagram a paid a special tribute to the actress to congratulate her. In his stories, the actor posted a photo of the casting news and wrote: “Our very own [Mahina Napoleaon] from [NCIS HAWAII] will be starring in the new Walkling Dead spin-off. “So excited to see this,” Antoon added. With the original series of The Walking Dead coming to an end, Isle of the Dead will follow Maggie and Negan as they travel to post-apocalyptic Manhattan. Which Gimple described as a “long cut off from the mainland". The President of Entertainment and AMC Studios for the AMC Networks, Dan McDermott also spoke about the spin-off. He disclosed: “This is a very big day for the expanding universe we are building around The Walking Dead, It not only adds another compelling series to this collection. “It extends our storytelling around two unforgettable characters fans have grown to love, hate or hate and then love in Maggie and Negan, brilliantly inhabited by Lauren and Jeffrey. NCIS Hawaii season 2 will premiere on CBS on Monday, September 19.