During lockdown and since then we have seen an increase in scams that appear to be legitimate contact from Royal Mail, mostly arriving as texts or emails. Delivery scams are on the rise again. There are a variety of text messages doing the rounds designed to harvest your personal and financial information. Scams that arrive by SMS are also called ‘smishing’ attacks. They often contain links - but you should never click on them. Always remember, Royal Mail will never, ever ask you to pay anything via a text message. Watch out for scam text messages that state: READ MORE: 'Don't click!': Expert fear as post scams cause alarm - how to spot fake delivery messages  Watch out for emails that state: NEVER CLICK ON ANY OF THE LINKS DON'T MISS'Always be wary of scam ads' and look for warning signs in URL [EXPERT] Telephone scam tricking Britons into taking huge sums out the bank [WARNING] 'Be on high alert': How to spot a cryptocurrency phone scam [ALERT] There has also been recent reporting of websites pretending to be Royal Mail and selling fake Royal Mail Stamps and Collectables. These websites may offer a discount, once you’ve given your personal information the criminals can use this for future scam targeting, and the stamps and collectibles either don’t exist or are fake. If you receive a suspicious email, text message, telephone call or discover a Royal Mail branded website which you think is fraudulent, please report it to reportascam@royalmail.com. For suspicious emails, forward the email to reportascam@royalmail.com, do not click on any links or attachments and then delete it from your inbox. For suspicious text messages, please send a screenshot of the message to reportascam@royalmail.com. Q1. I get these text messages all the time, what can I do about them? If you believe you’ve fallen for a scam, contact your bank immediately on a number you know to be correct, such as the one listed on your statement, their website or on the back of your credit or debit card. Report it to Action Fraud on 0300 123 2040 or via actionfraud.police.uk. If you’re in Scotland, please report to Police Scotland directly by calling 101 or Advice Direct Scotland on 0808 164 6000. STOP others being cybercrime victims by reporting scams and suspicious emails. Forward the scam email to report@phishing.gov.uk. Use Rightly to stop fraudsters from sharing your data and exposing you to scams. To report a spam text forward the text to 7726. You may get an automated response thanking you for the report and giving you further instructions if needed. You will not be charged for sending texts to 7726. An easy way to remember ‘7726' is that they are the numbers on your telephone keypad that spell out the word ‘SPAM'. Tip of the week To learn more and to join the fight against scams do the free training on www.friendsagainstscams.org.uk. The more we talk about scams the more we take away the shame. If you’re receiving lots of unwanted phone calls or text messages you can also consider removing your details from data brokers, ensuring that you use a right to object to the processing of your data. You can learn more about this on Rightly to stop the sharing of your data exposing you to scams.