The Duma member said Moscow should seek to recreate the Cuban missile crisis and position weapons able to hit the United States within 5 minutes close to its borders. Gurulyov claimed keeping the US under the yoke of a missile strike will push allies of "stuttering" Joe Biden back to the negotiating table to end hostilities. He suggested a direct threat to Washington is "the only scenario" that would allow Russia to deliver on its unfounded mission to "denazify" Ukraine. Speaking to Rossiya-1, Gurulyov said: "Any detente happens after a good crisis, like the detente that followed the Cuban missile crisis. "Why? Because during the Cuban missile crisis there was a direct threat to the territory of the US, to which they had no immediate response. "We should create similar circumstances, since the US is behind all this, and others are on their leash. "We're ahead of everyone with hypersonic weapons. "Our hypersonic weapons should be not only aboard traditional carriers but brought to the near vicinity of the United States, with a flight time of 5 minutes, maximum." LATEST: Belarussian officers turn on Putin as top ranked troops rebel against Russian invasion He added: "Biden will keep sitting there and stuttering but the rest will think about how to negotiate. "This is the only scenario for us to be able to denazify and demilitarise Ukraine. "Only a direct threat to the US, and the UK, will force all of them to the negotiating table, where everyone can maintain their interests." Boris Johnson revealed earlier this week Russia had made 35 direct threats to use nuclear or advanced weaponry against Ukrainian allies since the start of the war in February. READ MORE: Putin’s ‘brain rewired’ by power – ‘Like sex or cocaine addiction’ Mr Johnson told LBC: "Well, there's an analysis that I think has been done by somebody recently, a think tank, that they’re looking at about 35 mentions or perhaps it's a little bit more now, of that issue. "But I think it's very, very important that we shouldn't allow ourselves to be side-tracked by this kind of sabre-rattling, because fundamentally, what Putin is trying to do is to reframe this. "It's about Russia versus NATO. It's about, you know, a stand-off of that kind. It's not. It's about his attack on an entirely innocent country, with conventional weapons, with artillery, bombardments with planes, shells, and so on. "And it's about the Ukrainians’ right to protect themselves." DON'T MISS: Russia 'much weaker' as 'next three months' critical to end war [ANALYSIS] Putin's hackers could destroy UK economy [REVEAL] Ukraine Live: Russian soldier reveals bloodthirsty fantasy to wife [REPORT] He added: "That is what this is about, and what we had today, at NATO, was yet again, the Alliance being tested, being asked, being interrogated. "Are we resolved? Are we determined? Will we give the Ukrainians the means to protect themselves? "And the answer was absolute yes and, if anything, the strength of the unity is greater than it was before." Thousands of civilians have been killed and cities levelled since Russia invaded in what Ukraine its Western allies say is an unprovoked war of aggression. Russia denies targeting civilians in what President Vladimir Putin calls a "special military operation" to demilitarise and "denazify" its neighbour. Russia is focussed on driving Ukrainian forces out of Luhansk and Donetsk provinces in the Donbas, where Moscow-backed separatists have been fighting Kyiv since Russia's first military intervention in Ukraine in 2014. Ukrainian troops on the eastern front lines describe intense artillery barrages on residential areas, especially around Lysychansk, the last holdout city in Luhansk.