The iconic Kent landmark has been given a makeover as part of a campaign centred on England's star striker Ellen White. Travel brand Snaptrip proposed the site should now be referred to as "The Ellen White Cliffs of Dover" during the competition. If renaming the landmark was not enough, a 200ft image of the striker has been projected onto the White Cliffs, reports Kent Live. Pictures show the projection of the leading goalscorer staring across the Channel straight at France and the rest of the continent. It comes as the competition gets underway today (July 6), with England facing Austria in Manchester. Matthew Fox, CEO of Snaptrip Group said: "When Great Britain won gold at the Olympics, we painted post boxes. "During the men's World Cup in 2021, we woke up to the news that Southgate Street in Gloucester had been renamed ‘Gareth Southgate Street’, and we wanted to add a little of that magic ahead of the Women’s Euros. "With this summer's tournament taking place in England it seemed only right to celebrate one of the best footballers the country has to offer, at one of the UK’s most iconic landmarks. "The petition started out as a bit of fun, but it would be fantastic to see such a famous landmark embrace a temporary new identity in support of the national women’s team. "I know all of us at Snaptrip are looking forward to cheering on the Lionesses; fingers crossed we’re all planning a trip to the open top bus parade in a few weeks time!" White, who received her first England cap in 2010, has gone on to become the leading goalscorer, netting 50 goals in just 107 international appearances. She has also become one of England's most decorated footballers during her domestic career, lifting 10 trophies in the past 12 years. People have already commented on the petition pledging their support. Sarah Tait said: "What a fun idea to make people smile and have national pride in our women's football team." Lisa Wilson added: "A great idea to have a picture on our cliffs for people arriving and attending the Women's Euros 2022. "Ellen White has made 107 appearances for England and scored 50 goals! A true 'Lioness' in every sense of the word!" You can view the petition by clicking here.