Other words of advice include not going overboard on the laundry liquid, and fixing shrunken clothes by reshaping them when wet and lying out flat to dry. Sam, who co-founded a cleaning products firm after spending years making homemade supplies, also believes stain removers aren’t always needed. Instead, a little laundry liquid can do the trick, as well as tackling the stain as quickly as possible. Using lemon and salt to remove stubborn sun cream spots, or lemon and laundry liquid on underarm marks, can also be effective. The tips were released by Sam’s company, Wilton London, after a study by the carbon neutral laundry brand found more than a third wash their clothes at 60 degrees or higher. This not only reduces the lifespan of garments, but also dramatically increases their carbon footprint. And four in ten (38 percent) wash items above 40 degrees – when they could just pop smelly clothes in a bag and into the freezer to kill off bacteria and freshen things up. The research, of 2,000 adults, also found nearly half (46 percent) are confused about the best way to clean different fabrics and types of clothing. Sam Whigham said: “Taking care of your clothes has so many benefits – not only will they last longer but that, in turn, will save you money, which will also save the environment by not having to replace items as often. “Things like only washing when needed, sticking to lower temperature settings, and choosing the right laundry detergents, not only protects your clothes and washing machine, it also helps reduce your carbon footprint. “And using eco-friendly laundry products can also ensure less harmful substances end up in the water system.” The study also found one in four adults (23 percent) will typically use a bio laundry detergent – but Sam claims switching to a non-bio product is much better for washing woollen and silk apparel. Nearly four in ten (37 percent) respondents will wash clothes after EVERY wear, regardless of whether there are any visible signs of dirt. But Sam explains popping musty-smelling clothes on a quick cool setting in the dryer, or a spin cycle, can also keep them feeling fresh, and uses less power than a full wash. Dabbing stains with a cloth, hanging clothes outside to “air”, and hand washing, are among some of the other ways Brits are “cleaning” their items instead of doing a proper laundry load – a great way to save money, power, and water, according to the expert. However, nine in ten are happy to re-wear items rather than washing them after each single use – with saving money and trying to help the planet among the reasons why. Although 17 percent are afraid to put garments in the machine because they don’t know if it’s on the right settings. And one in five will never check washing instructions or labels on clothing before popping them in for a clean. Sam also advises turning delicates, and clothes with things like zips on them, inside out to preserve the entire laundry load – but three in ten will never do this. The research, conducted via OnePoll, also found the average adult cleans their washing machine once every other month. But Sam explains a short warm wash with 450ml of vinegar can help a smelly machine. Mike Perry, co-founder of Wilton London – maker of eco laundry products available at Sainsbury’s – said: “It’s surprising to see how many people are committing these simple mistakes, which could be affecting the shelf-life of their clothes. “Small and simple changes are all it takes to help your clothes last longer – whether it’s tackling a stain before it sets so it doesn’t have to go through the washing machine five times, or just switching laundry detergent, or using less and more when needed.” SAM WHIGHAM’S TOP 20 CLEANING TIPS FOR MAKING CLOTHES LAST LONGER: