The Duchess of Cambridge’s sister and her husband James Matthews welcomed their third child in June. The couple has named their little girl Rose, which is of Latin origin and refers to the flower. Roses are also June’s birth month flower. And Pippa’s baby has a sweet link to the Sussexes’ daughter Lilibet who also has a flower-inspired name. Harry and Meghan chose her moniker after the Queen’s childhood family nickname but call her Lili for short, a variation of the English flower name Lily. The Duchess’s mother Doria Ragland has also called her “flower” since she was younger in another link. It comes after Michael Middleton confirmed earlier this month that Pippa had given birth to her third child. The Daily Mail's diary editor Richard Eden said Kate's father confirmed the happy news after he bumped into him in Pret a Manger near Kensington Palace. Pippa and her banker husband James, who tied the knot in 2017, are already parents to Arthur, three, and Grace, one. Mother-of-three Kate will no doubt be delighted to have another niece. Rose will no doubt see lots of Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis. The Middletons are known to be a close-knit family. Pippa and James have reportedly bought a £15 million home just 20 minutes from Carole and Michael, who live in Bucklebury. A friend told the Daily Mail earlier this month: "Pippa and her family are thrilled. "It’s a very exciting time in their lives. "They are looking forward to living closer to her parents." Meanwhile, Kate and Prince William are understood to be moving to Windsor this summer. The move means they will be closer to the Middletons as well as the Queen, who is now mainly based at Windsor Castle. William and Kate are said to be relocating from Kensington Palace, which will remain their London residence, to Adelaide Cottage in Berkshire. A source previously told the Sun: “Kate and William were very keen for a modest home to start their new lives in Windsor. "Adelaide Cottage fits the bill because it is a four-bedroom home and they do not need any more as they have no live-in staff. "They were adamant they didn’t want anything too showy or anything that needed renovating or extra security so as not to be a burden on the taxpayer. “The added bonus is they can send George, Charlotte and Louis to school together locally. "They had no other demands than a pleasant family home close to schools and the Queen.”