Emma Raducanu appeared to show her support for controversial Wimbledon ace Nick Kyrgios after the Australian entered the semi-final of the Championships. The British teen sensation took to social media after Kyrgios defeated Cristian Garin in the quarter-final. Kyrgios has attracted plenty of attention over the last week for both on and off-court reasons. He appeared to breach tournament rules by wearing red trainers and a red cap during his last-16 win. The 27-year-old has also been summoned to court in his home country for allegedly assaulting a former girlfriend last year. He will appear before a Canberra court next month. Raducanu has split fans' opinions after praising Kyrgios' performance following his win over Garin. The 19-year-old took to Twitter after Kyrgios had won on Court No.1, saying: "NK" alongside an emoji of a wizard's wand. JUST IN: Rafael Nadal snubbed Queen after declining rare invite from monarch Fans were split over Raducanu's tweet. A couple pointed out that the post might be in bad taste, while others requested that she play doubles with Kyrgios as the pair both support Premier League club Tottenham. After beating Garin, Kyrgios was asked about his impending case but insisted he could not comment. "I have a lot of thoughts and things I want to say about the matter but I've been advised by my lawyers not to speak about it. I can't tell you much right now,” he told reporters in his match-match press conference. . "I understand you want me to give you the answers but I can't speak more on the issue. I don't want to sound like a broken record, but I can't." DON'T MISS...Kyrgios admits to wrongdoings after reaching first Wimbledon semiHenman compares Kyrgios to Murray as Aussie reaches Wimbledon semiNadal's message to trainer as Spaniard battles injury vs Fritz Kyrgios came through against Garin in just three sets for only the second time in the tournament. The Aussie endured two gruelling five-setters and a four-setter en route to his first Wimbledon semi. His second-round victory over Filip Krajinovic was the only other time he won in three sets. Meanwhile, Raducanu's Wimbledon return was ended in the second round. The US Open champion lost 6-3 6-3 against Caroline Garcia.