Martin Lewis, founder of the Money Saving Expert website, expects the Government Energy Price Cap – which is supposed to protect consumers against excessive bills – to rise by another 77 percent to £3,500. That will mean householders paying nearly three times as much for energy as they were last winter. Mr Lewis has urged the Government to offer more help for people to manage their bills and he is right – many households will find themselves in acute difficulty. It is vital the Government steps in to ensure people are not living in penury. Rishi Sunak is also right – belatedly – to pledge to remove the 5 percent VAT on fuel. It is just a shame he refused to do so at his Budget in March. And it is good that Liz Truss has gone further, promising to suspend green levies on energy – around 25 percent of what we currently pay for electricity. But let’s be honest: tax cuts alone will not help a huge amount with bills that will have tripled in under a year. One thing that could alleviate poverty is for the Government to change the way it uprates pensions and benefits with inflation. At the moment, payments increase in April in line with the Consumer Prices Index (CPI) the previous September. Most years, using that methodology might not make a huge difference. But this year it has punched a huge hole in the real incomes of millions of people. Last September, CPI was 3.1 percent. In April it was 7 percent and it now stands at 9.4 percent. Why can’t pensions and so on be increased in line with the current rate of CPI, not what it was months ago? But the size of fuel bills is not the only problem facing Britain this winter. It will be a struggle obtaining energy at any price. This week, Vladimir Putin cut the gas flow through the Nord Stream 1 pipeline to Germany by a further 50 percent. Just a fifth of the gas that was getting through to Western Europe in February is now doing so, creating a huge void in supply. EU member states have agreed to try to cut gas consumption immediately by 15 percent – either by closing factories, rationing gas for homes or by other means. Were we still in the EU this would have applied to Britain, too. But unfortunately we can’t stand aloof from European gas shortages. We import Russian gas and oil, too, even if we are not nearly so dependent on it as Germany is. Moreover, thanks to the intermittency of wind and solar farms we are becoming ever more reliant on importing electricity via undersea cables from France, Belgium, the Netherlands and Norway. So desperate are we at times that energy firms are being forced to pay eye-watering sums to import electricity. Last week, when wind turbines were stilled and solar panels were producing reduced amounts of energy due to the heat, we were briefly forced to pay £9,724 per MWh to import Belgian electricity – five times as much as we have ever paid and 55 times the average price. The only alternative was to cut power to homes and businesses in East London. If that is how desperate we are in the middle of summer, it doesn’t bode well for the winter. As well as sky-high prices, Britain faces the possibility of planned blackouts like those of the Three Day Week in 1973. We are in this position because for years, the Government has pursued an energy policy fixated on reaching net zero carbon emissions by 2050 to the exclusion of other concerns. Before the lights go out, the Government needs to tone down its green ambitions and prioritise ensuring homes and businesses get the energy they need. It is shame it caved in to scaremongers opposed to fracking for shale gas – a practice its scientific advisers said could be carried out safely. The moratorium should be lifted at once. But UK shale gas won’t come on stream fast enough to help us this winter. Rather, we need to do all we can to squeeze more oil and gas from the North Sea, and to beef up our facilities for importing liquified natural gas from the US and Qatar. We all want clean energy, but not at the cost of having too little energy to heat our homes, cook food and all the other things we need to do. The growing crisis is waking us up to an energy policy that has been too skewed towards environmentalism for too long.