Lorraine Kelly, 62, attended the funeral of Dame Deborah James held on July 20 as mourners said goodbye to the beloved campaigner. Deborah, who became known as Bowelbabe, sadly died last month aged 40 after being diagnosed with bowel cancer in 2016. Close friends and family arrived at St Mary's Church in Barnes, south-west London, ahead of the service. The ITV presenter was pictured arriving ahead of the church service as she sported a sombre expression. She sported a black pearl buttoned shirt dress as she attended the emotional event for her late friend. Taking to Instagram yesterday, Lorraine issued a heartbreaking message, in view of her 499,000 followers, where she admitted Deborah would be deeply missed. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry's appearance 'paint a thousand words' claims host She wrote: "@bowelbabe - my dear friend your funeral today was beautiful. Your children and your husband gave the most heartfelt and lovely tributes. "You would have been so proud. I miss you - you fabulous, funny, passionate force of nature." Lorraine added the hashtags: "#rebellioushope #love #checkyourpoo." Fans inundated the comment section as they also offered their condolences to the campaigner. Kim Huby wrote: "Inspirational lady. Rest in Peace." Shavonne.Dole98 commented: "Rest in peace angel, your legacy will live on forever, thank you for making a point of telling people about bowel cancer, Deborah you are a hero to everyone who knew you, thinking of your friends and family at this sad time, thank you, Deborah." Michelle Elliot offered: "Thinking of you all." Dawn McCat added: "RIP and fly high with the angels Bowel babe." DON'T MISS... Christie Brinkley dishes on secret to youthful looks in swimwear[LATEST]Strictly's Ola Jordan's horror as she frets over weight gain in bikini[PICTURES]Sienna Miller, 40, cuddles up to beau Oli Green, 25, on holiday[RELATIONSHIP] Other stars who turned up to pay their respects were Tom and Giovanna Fletcher, Gaby Roslin, television personality Oliver Peyton and singer Natalie Rushdie. Meanwhile, mourners could be seen carrying wreaths of beautiful white flowers into the ceremony with heartfelt messages from Deborah's loved ones. Lorraine has since opened up about the "beautiful" send off that took place for Deborah on Wednesday. Opening Thursday's edition of her ITV show, Lorraine was joined by Dr Hilary Jones and wanted to touch upon the send off for her friend Deborah. "We celebrated the life of someone very special yesterday, I was very honoured to be there with some of our team," she said. "It was a beautiful, beautiful send off, it was so lovely, and it was sad, but it was a lovely celebration of an amazing, amazing woman." Lorraine continued: “She is remarkable. It was beautiful, so beautiful, such a celebration of an amazing, amazing woman. “There were a lot of tears and there really was genuinely a lot of laughs too, so it was great. She planned it all and it was perfection, as you would expect.” Detailing what happened during the service, Lorraine added: "Her kids Hugo and Eloise did... Hugo wrote a poem for his mum and read it out and Eloise did a reading. "And her husband Seb did the most beautiful eulogy, I mean it was lovely. Like I said, it was sad, it was also very, very uplifting."