The Lionesses are up and running, drawing in more viewers for their opening game against Austria than Love Island and obliterating the tournament attendance record for the Women’s Euros. Old Trafford in midweek felt like being at a festival as much as a football match with a feelgood factor about the night which will no doubt be repeated in Brighton when England face Norway in their second group game. So what’s not to like? Quite a lot evidently. The Women’s Euros is Sunday league standard apparently. And the games are boring. And they should be making the teas in the kitchen instead of playing a man’s game. What is it about women’s football that rouses the dinosaurs and triggers such negativity?  No-one climbs into Ons Jabeur for not serving like John Isner or Dina Asher-Smith for being unable to out-sprint Marcell Jacobs. But football, well that’s a different matter. It is never wise to use social media as a barometer but some of the comments….England’s players would be wise to steer well clear. Not that they haven’t heard it all before but over the next three weeks they are flagbearers for their country, a position they have earned through their hard work and sacrifice which is more than any of the armchair misogynists will ever get to do. The least they deserve is to be respected as athletes in their own right. The blokey banter - three irons on the shirt, that sort of thing - is one thing but some of the tirades are far more disturbing. The bile seems to come from a deep place inside and football seems to release it. Misogyny is a strange concept. Every man who suffers from it presumably has, or once had, a mother. Maybe a sister or a daughter. Or a wife even. But for some reason the haters cannot deal with the thought of a level playing field. It pays to remember that women’s football was banned by the gentlemen at the FA - or more precisely banned from FA-affiliated grounds - for 51 years from 1921. Football, was apparently, quite unsuitable for females even though a crowd of 53,000 had turned up at Goodison Park to watch Dick, Kerr Ladies FC play St Helens Ladies the year before. Thankfully the FA has moved on from Taliban thinking. Others though remain stuck in the past. Ada Hegerberg, Norway’s star striker who England will face tomorrow, became the first female Ballon d’Or winner four years ago the same night Luca Modric won the men’s award. When he went up on stage to collect his award, Modric was asked about football. When Hegerberg collected hers she was asked to do a dance. Maybe the exposure of the Women’s Euros will help to move attitudes on. England against Austria was not as fast or physical as a men’s international but why would it have been? Comparative physiologies make that a given. It was like watching an opening game of any major tournament. First-night nerves impacted on the flow. There were some nice moments of skill on the ball from the likes of Georgia Stanway and Lauren Hemp and some smart defensive reads from Millie Bright but it was an incomplete performance from the hosts. England moved the ball well in patches, particularly in the first half, but - barring Beth Mead’s neat finish - did not take their chances and Austria came back into it after the break. Ultimately it was a half-decent match with a degree of jeopardy thrown in and nobody dived or faked an injury. England are in action on Monday at St Mary’s. The scheduling for these Euros has, in some respects, done the women’s game no favours. Playing some games at the Manchester City academy ground and the Leigh Sports Village undersells the tournament. But the big occasions will be exactly that half a million tickets shifted. The 90,000 tickets for the final at Wembley on July 31 sold out within an hour. Its reach and impact has never been bigger. If the England kite flies this is going to be a seminal three weeks for the women’s game in this country. For those who still find it dull and sub-standard and find their hackles rising when it is on TV, there is a solution. Just don’t watch. It’s not compulsory.