Leeds winger Raphinha is reportedly 'euphoric' as he closes in on a dream move to Barcelona. The Brazilian has been at the centre of an epic three-way transfer tug-of-war between the Spanish giants, Chelsea, and Arsenal, but one of the sagas of the summer finally appears to be edging towards its conclusion.  After Arsenal recently saw an offer rejected out of hand by Leeds, Chelsea looked to have stolen a march in the race for the 25-year-old's signature having reportedly struck a £60million agreement with the Whites. However, amid suggestions Raphinha was holding out for a dream offer from cash-strapped Catalan club Barcelona, talk of a move to Stamford Bridge stalled. Seemingly against all the odds, the La Liga giants have found a way to finance a deal. According to Sport, Barcelona have reached an agreement with Leeds which will see them pay an upfront fee in the region of £46.5m, plus a number of performance-related add-ons for Raphinha, who is understood to be 'exultant and euphoric'. The winger is said to believe that a dream move to the Nou Camp could now be made a reality within a matter of hours. The Spanish outlet report that the general feeling among the player's camp is 'one of relief' after weeks of 'tension', 'anguish' and 'suffering'. JUST IN: Raphinha completing Chelsea transfer could be bad news for Blues' own Dennis Bergkamp  Raphinha is understood to have spent some of the past few weeks on holiday in Ibiza before returning to his native Porto Alegre back in his homeland. The in-demand Whites winger is thought to currently be training alone in Leeds, having been omitted form the club's pre-season squad, and is now expected to travel to Barcelona on Monday. Resigned to losing Raphinha this summer, Leeds wrapped up a deal for his replacement earlier this week, swooping to sign Colombian attacker Luis Sinisterra from Feyenoord for a fee in the region of £21m. With the Yorkshire-based club keen to resolve Raphinha's future, especially given Chelsea had already lodged a £60m offer, Leeds are thought to have piled 'suffocating' pressure on the player and his representatives. READ MORE: Chelsea squad's reaction to Raheem Sterling transfer emerges as winger set for medicalChelsea urged to sign four more players after sealing Raheem Sterling £47.5m transferArsenal 'to sound out Chelsea' over N'Golo Kante as Man Utd also look at midfielder  Such an approach is thought to have forced Barcelona into action amid fears the Whites would go ahead and negotiate the player's exit to Chelsea. Leeds were believed to have valued Raphinha at around £34m as recently as March, however intense interest from the likes of Arsenal and Chelsea is said to have seen the player's asking price ramped up to just shy of £60m. The general belief was that given Barcelona's crippling financial crisis, the Blaugrana would be made to choose between signing Raphinha or renewing the deal of contract rebel Ousmane Dembele. However, reports in Spain also suggest the French forward has agreed to extend his stay at the Nou Camp. 