Mikel Arteta is still hopeful of signing Leeds United star Raphinha this summer, with the Brazilian expected to move imminently. Chelsea are their main contenders with Barcelona yet to make a formal offer, but Raphinha will make up his mind 'within the next 24 hours'. Arsenal will discover within the next 24 hours whether their Raphinha chase has any weight to it, according to Standard Sport. The Gunners were the first Premier League side to launch a bid for the Brazilian, before Chelsea quickly swooped in and offered £55million for his services. The Blues have since agreed a deal to sign Manchester City star Raheem Sterling, which has created some confusion as to whether they are still open to signing Raphinha also. Barcelona are yet to submit a bid despite expressing interest, with their financial situation potentially not allowing them to do so. That means that in an ideal world, Arsenal could be left as the last team standing, but they'll find out within the next 24 hours.  READ MORE: Dybala 'evaluating' Man Utd transfer as Inter Milan stance gives Erik ten Hag boost Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel has been promised six new signings by Todd Boehly and the new owners, meaning that they could very well sign Raphinha along with Sterling. It would create quite the attack for Chelsea, but Arteta may be hoping their Brazilian contingent can persuade the Leeds star. After signing Marquinhos and Gabriel Jesus, Arsenal now have four Brazilian stars within their ranks, and Raphinha could join an exciting attack of stars from his homeland. It would also be greatly received by Brazil, who could benefit from their chemistry in the World Cup later this year.  DON'T MISSTottenham boss Antonio Conte has four options as Christian Eriksen 'agrees' Man Utd moveMan Utd have six shirt numbers Christian Eriksen can take with two choices most likelyCristiano Ronaldo told 'sexy' transfer deal is better than Chelsea's offer for Man Utd ace Barcelona is rumoured to be Raphinha's main choice, with the star idolising Ronaldinho growing up. But with their hopes of offloading Frenkie de Jong taking longer than expected, they're short of funds to even stay in the conversation as things stand. However, Arsenal fans may rest on the hope that Ronaldinho wasn't his only idol, as Raphinha also adored Thierry Henry while he was playing for the Gunners. In an interview with The Players Tribune, Raphinha said back in 2021: "I’d be watching the Prem with my dad on the free-to-air channels. Henry was flying, man. The runs, the finishes, it was crazy. "I also remember that the stadiums were always full. The songs, the shouts. The noise. I can’t remember the details, but I was probably sitting in a run-down bar somewhere in Restinga when I made the vow. One day I’m going to play there." 