Anyone with a Samsung phone in their pocket definitely needs to take notice of some important advice that's been issued by the Korean technology firm. The UK is currently basking in some of the hottest temperatures on record and whilst that's great news for topping up the tan it's not so good for your gadgets. Devices, including smartphones, really don't like getting too hot and the extreme heat that's expected to peak over the weekend will start to slow things down. Think of it a little like going for a quick 5K run on a baking hot day compared to when it's cooler - you simply won't perform as well when temperatures rise. Samsung is clearly concerned about the effects the hot weather can have on its gadgets with the company posting a whole webpage that's dedicated to keeping things cool and there's some really useful advice that's definitely worth considering. Of course, the most important thing is not to leave the phone in direct sunlight as this will send things soaring and could even force the device to shut down completely. Users will be issued with an on-screen alert if the device is overheating and if that is ignored the power will then switched off. "If a second message appears due to a further increase of the device’s temperature, the device will turn off. Do not use the device until the device’s temperature drops below the specified level," Samsung warns on its website. READ MORE: Samsung has a new Android rival and there's Nothing else quite like it Anyone who uses their phone in a car should avoid placing the device in a carry cradle as these are often positioned high up near the dashboard and more prone to getting heated up by the sunshine. If you have a protective case wrapped around the phone then it's a good idea to remove it for the next week as these accessories can stop precious cool air from getting to the circuit boards. "Try removing your phone case to give it more room to cool down," Samsung said in its post online. It's not just about physical changes you make to help with overheating. Samsung also offers other advice including turning down the screen brightness and shutting down all unused applications. A higher screen resolution means that more pixels are being displayed at the same time. This will use more of the memory and battery on your device, causing it to heat up. If you think your device is too hot, try lowering the screen resolution in your display settings. App and software updates ensure that your phone is running as efficiently as possible. If you have app or software updates waiting, try installing them on your phone. The UK's extreme heat is expected to last until Tuesday with the Met Office issuing an Amber Extreme heat warning.