The legendary guitarist turns 75 today, one day after Queen’s Brian May. And while Carlos Santana will no doubt be celebrating with friends and family today, it’s been a tough month for the rock icon. On July 5, he collapsed on stage during a concert in Michigan and was rushed to hospital. Since then, Santana has been forced to postpone a number of concerts on his Miraculous Supernatural Tour. However, the star’s resting up as he celebrates turning 75 and cannot wait to get back on stage. The rock guitarist’s wife Cindy, shared a day after the stage collapse: “Hi Everyone! Carlos & I thank you so much for your prayers, love, care & concern for him! Please know that he’s resting and doing very well! He was diagnosed with heat exhaustion & dehydration… it was 100 degrees on stage and 114 under the lights so that coupled with not enough water is what caused the issue. He’ll be as good as new soon! Thank you again and we love you! Cindy & Carlos.” A couple of days later, Santana’s official Instagram shared: “Carlos Santana Postpones the next six dates of Miraculous Supernatural Tour/ Legendary guitarist Carlos Santana has postponed the next six shows of his Miraculous Supernatural 2022 Tour: Santana + Earth, Wind & Fire ‘out of an abundance of caution for the artist’s health,’ Michael Vrionis, President, Universal Tone Management said this evening. I regret to inform you that the Santana band has postponed tonight’s show at Ruoff Music Center Noblesville, Indiana. And, we are postponing the July 9 show at Riverbend Music Center in Cincinnati, Ohio; July 10 at American Family Insurance Amphitheater - Summerfest Grounds in Milwaukee, Wisconsin; July 12 at Walmart Arkansas Music Pavilion in Rogers, Arkansas; July 15 at Dos Equis Pavilion in Dallas, Texas; July 16 at Cynthia Woods Mitchell Pavilion in Woodlands, Texas,” Michael Vrionis, President, Universal Tone Management said. “Doctor’s have recommended that Mr. Santana gets rest to recuperate fully.” READ MORE: Brian May ‘caught completely by surprise’ at Queen concert – WATCH The post continued: “Earlier this week, Carlos Santana was taken from the stage due to serious heat exhaustion and dehydration. All shows as planned beginning July 23rd of this month in Paso Robles, CA through the end of 2022 are still confirmed and will be performed as scheduled. The tour schedule can be found at: https://tour.santana.com/. Carlos is doing well and is anxious to be back on stage soon. He just needs rest,” Mr. Vrionis went on to say. “Santana profoundly regrets that these postponements of his upcoming performances; but, his health is our number one concern.  He is looking forward to seeing all of his fans very soon.” DON'T MISSBrian May thrilled as Queen top Beatles in incredible new achievement [QUEEN]Brian May and Roger Taylor ecstatic as Queen hit record milestone [QUEEN]Carlos Santana health: Guitarist collapsed on stage - what happened? [SANTANA] It added: “Live Nation will be announcing the rescheduled show dates. All previously purchased tickets will be honored for the new dates. For additional information on Carlos Santana, you can find it at www.santana.com.” His next show is set to be at California Mid-State Fair on July 23 this weekend.