Former Love Island star Curtis Pritchard, 26, says his brother AJ, 27, has “kicked him out” of his flat. Curtis had been staying with the Strictly Come Dancing professional for two years before AJ eventually decided his brother had “overstayed his welcome”. Curtis explained: “I’ve been kicked out, there was war.  “Two years is overstaying anyone’s welcome."When asked in the interview with The Sun whether he will move in with his new girlfriend, Sophie Sheridan, Curtis says he is living on his own and “sleeping on the floor”.He went on: “I am not living with my girlfriend, I am happy to say I am living on my own. READ MORE:'Do miss each other' Pauline Collins on being 'separated' from husband "I am sleeping on the floor though, on just a mattress."I have a TV and it’s on two chairs. It’s a lad pad and a no-go zone."Curtis is best known as a former Love Island contestant after taking part in the fifth series in 2019.He came third on the reality dating show with his then-girlfriend Maura Higgins. AJ is best known as a former Strictly Come Dancing professional and for participating in I’m A Celebrity...Get Me Out Of Here! In 2020.AJ has been in a relationship with fellow dancer, Abbie Quinnen, after meeting during his Get On The Floor tour.Their relationship was made public in 2019 and they have been going strong ever since.However, Abbie previously admitted that she was “worried” her boyfriend would succumb to the Strictly curse while he worked on the show. DON'T MISSRegé-Jean Page defends Florence Pugh 'Take a look at yourself fellas!'[LATEST]Novak Djokovic's wife addresses marriage ahead of Wimbledon[INSIGHT]Coleen Nolan wows in blue as son marries fiancée in 'perfect’ ceremony[NEWS] Back in March, Abbie told Express.co.uk: “There was a part of me that was a bit worried because it was a few months into when we got together and I didn't know him really, really well. “People definitely targeted my relationship with AJ.“When he was in Strictly, it was non-stop really. The [public] didn't want us to be together, they wanted him and his other [dance] partner to be together and that was really hard." She says that she was the victim of “non-stop” trolling as viewers “rooted” for him to get together with his celebrity co-stars. Nevertheless, the pair are still together three years later and AJ previously hinted that marriage could be on the cards, particularly after their relationship blossomed during lockdown.Speaking to The Sun in January, AJ said: “You know when you see a series like Below Deck or Selling Sunset and there’s a wedding. We always love talking about weddings.“We were best friends before we were in a relationship and I think that really hits home that we love spending time together.“We love doing everything together, to be honest, and it’s been great. There has been no downside, there’s been no arguments.”