Sue Smith has named Lauren Hemp, Keira Walsh and Leah Williamson as the three players key to England’s hopes of Euro 2022 glory this summer. The Three Lions get their campaign under way against Austria at Old Trafford on Wednesday night. And they’ll be aiming to go all the way to give the country a much-needed morale boost. England are due to face Austria in front of a sold-out Old Trafford crowd, before then proceeding to face Norway and Northern Ireland. It promises to be quite an event, with the popularity of the women’s game growing by the year. England are one of the favourites to lift the trophy and will be given an extra boost by being cheered on by a pumped-up home crowd. And Smith has named Hemp, Walsh and Williamson as the three players she thinks can inspire the Three Lions to go all the way. “I’m going to say Lauren Hemp,” she said. “I think from a creative perspective she’s a match-winner, she can win the game on her own whether that’s taking a few players on and pinging it in the top corner or creating something for somebody else. “She’s still only young, she’s still learning, but I just think she’s going to be real standout. “I think she’s a player who, at Old Trafford, will get everybody off their seats. “I think Kiera Walsh, in that holding midfield role, she’s a real key player and protects the backline so well. “When she gets on the ball she’s so quality, she’s got that distribution. “If Leah Williamson and Millie Bright are playing centre-half I’d so those two are so important. “Not only for leadership but also the quality they have on the ball, front-foot defenders, when they have the ball at their feet they can start attacks up from the back. “I picked four there but I’d go Leah Williamson as the third.” Recently, Rio Ferdinand said England boss Sarina Wiegman needed to create a perfect environment in order to reign supreme this summer. And Smith is backing the 52-year-old to do exactly that, insisting her nous will set the hosts in good stead. “I think players love routine, they love to have a similar routine and know what to expect,” she said. “She used to be a player, she knows exactly what to expect from that perspective. She talks to the group and has different groups when they’ll meet, either individually or together. “They’ll maybe feedback from the players and it’s just about creating an environment when you’re ready and can relax at the same time. “You don’t need to motivate these players. They’ll be going out at Old Trafford in front of a sell-out crowd, they don’t need any more extra motivation. “It’s about keeping them calm and trying to look after their nerves. It’s okay to be nervous, it’s about how you deal with those nerves. “She’ll want the environment to be where you can still have fun and have game time. When you’re at a tournament you’re in a bubble and everything can be outside, you don’t really take into consideration it’s about you and performing. “But you have to relax and look at things on the outside to take your mind off things. As far as I’m aware with the environment players are happy, they’re ready, everybody is fit and available which is huge for that opening game. “I think if you’re happy in your environment, you’re going to be happy on the pitch.” England, in Smith’s eyes, are the favourites. And, on why she’s so confident they can succeed where Gareth Southgate’s team failed last year, she added: “This is probably the most confident I think I’ve been going into a tournament. “Men’s or Women’s, even when I was playing to be honest. “We do have such a good chance, such a good opportunity. I don’t want to put too much pressure on the team, or expectations, but I think they’re putting that on themselves. “They know what they’re capable of, they know the squad of players they’ve got, they know they’ve got the competition for places and a very good manager who believes in them. “They believe in her, and her way and her style, so I think they’re going to relish it. “Of course you’re walking out at Old Trafford, in front of a sell-out crowd, there’s going to be a few nerves there ins’t there? “But I think they’ll enjoy it, they’ll enjoy the fans being behind them and pushing them on. You just think if they get a good positive result in the first game against Austria, then you can almost relax. “You can then play your football and do what you do. Watching the friendly games, first-half performances haven’t been great. “But they’ve been able to turn it around, so whether that’s tactically they’ve changed things a bit or the personnel that have come on have made an impact. “So that’s good for the latter stages of the tournament, when you need to rotate and need to bring other players in or rest them. “The strength is depth I think is certainly a positive for England.” Sue Smith is working with VoucherCodes.co.uk to launch its Women’s EURO 2022 Spending Report. For more information visit: https://www.vouchercodes.co.uk/savings-guides/guides-reports/womens-euros-2022-report