Southern Water has apologised to residents living on the Isle of Sheppey in Kent this morning (July 12), after works to a burst water main left scores of people without water, or with low pressure coming out of taps. It says it is "really sorry" to those affected and has set up a bottled water collection point in Leysdown-on-Sea in Sheerness for people to visit. The blunder has happened when the south east will experience sweltering heatwave temperatures, and people have been told to keep hydrated. There has been no time limit given as to when the water issues will be resolved. A spokesman for Southern Water said: "We're really sorry to customers on the Isle of Sheppey with low pressure or no water supply. This is due to our repair work on a burst main in the area. "Our priority is to set up bottled water collection points. "We're also continuing to make sure those on our priority service register have water delivered. The team are working to get the repair finished as quickly as possible. "We're really sorry again for the disruption this situation will cause." The Isle of Sheppey is set to reach highs of 28C today, according to the Met Office. Dr Agostinho Sousa, Head of Extreme Events and Health Protection at UKHSA, said: “Heat-health alerts have now been issued to the majority of the country, with temperatures set to remain consistently high throughout the duration of this week. "Most of us can enjoy the hot weather when it arrives, but it is important to keep yourself hydrated and to find shade where possible when UV rays are strongest, between 11am and 3pm. At the moment only one bottled water station is open, but the firm is looking to dot more across the island today. The issue has been made worse due to the hot weather and increased demand for water, which has made storage levels lower than normal, the company has said. READ MORE: Houseplants and 'bowls of water' can keep homes 'cool' during heatwave The water company says the increase in water demand poses a challenge for all providers, as the daily need increases by hundreds of millions of litres more than usual. Among its tips for saving water, it asks people to avoid filling up paddling pools and instead head to the beach, and to take short showers instead of baths. But for residents living on the Isle of Sheppey, the luxury of even getting a drink of water from the tap is proving difficult. As more water stations are erected, the company has asked residents not to travel until a specific location has been announced. DON'T MISSOutdated rule sparks railway strike threats [REVEALED] Mass arrests made of human traffickers smuggling migrants into Britain [REPORT] Prince William appears to break royal protocol at Wimbledon [LATEST]  As the South East Coast Ambulance Service, which covers Kent, makes pleas for people to look after themselves in extreme heat, it also urges people to keep hydrated to avoid heat stroke or other weather related illnesses. Its paramedics are pleading with people to seek medical advice via the 111 service in the first instance, reserving 999 for emergencies only. SECAmb Executive Director of Operations, Emma Williams, said: “We have had a very busy week and we expect demand to remain high, especially with the hotter weather forecast to last. "We’d also urge people to do everything they can to keep cool and look out for vulnerable people including older people and the very young who can be seriously affected by the heat. People should stay hydrated, cover up, use sunscreen and make use of the shade." 