A top chair umpire was forced to physically put herself between two tennis players when a row broke out at the Hamburg Open. Fabio Fognini and Aljaz Bedene were involved in a lengthy altercation at the conclusion of the match, which became the Italian’s 400th career victory. Aurelia Tourte, who recently umpired the Wimbledon men’s singles final, attempted to break up the fight. Fognini dug out a 6-3 3-6 7-6(5) victory over the Slovenian in almost two-and-a-half hours at the ATP 500 in Hamburg on Tuesday, but Bedene appeared to take issue with a line call and had it out with the world No 61 at the end of the match. “Every time we play, you do something like this,” he was heard telling Fognini. The altercation escalated, with the gold badge umpire forced to climb down from her chair and put herself in between the two men multiple times, trying to talk them both out of the argument and separate them, even sticking her arms out to create a bigger barrier between Fognini and Bedene. The world No 285 then took the Italian over to one side of the court to discuss a ball mark, as Fognini could be seen pointing to several places on the ground and shrugging at the 33-year-old. They both returned to the side of the court and continued their row, pointing in each other’s faces as Tourte was again forced to stand between the pair and try to deescalate the altercation.  JUST IN: Djokovic's coach gives grim assessment of US Open hopes as ban remains  The fight still continued as Bedene retreated to his side of the net but kept up the argument until both men finally abandoned the row and left the court separately. Fognini is no stranger to an argument, or to finding himself in controversial situations with umpires. In 2019 he was involved in another row with Andy Murray during their clash at the Shanghai Masters, as the former world No 1 complained that his opponent called out during a rally and told umpire Fergus Murphy that “he does it to everyone”. The Italian continued to bicker during Murray’s discussion with the chair umpire, prompting the Brit to snappily tell him to “shut up”. DON'T MISSRussian tennis star hits back at 'crime' claim after coming out as gayRussia's Rublev shares Wimbledon wish as he considers new citizenshipLeBron could've rivalled Federer, Nadal and Djokovic as tennis great   Fognini has also found himself in serious trouble several times in the past. He was effectively kicked out of the 2017 US Open for making hugely disrespectful and sexist comments towards female umpire Louise Azemar Engzell.  And the former top 10 player was involved in further controversy at the 2019 Shanghai Masters when he appeared to spit in the direction of a line judge. Despite the negative end to his Hamburg clash, Fognini managed to notch his 400th match win and will next face Karen Khachanov. 