The latest BBC weather forecast included an animated map showing the exact rainfall total across the country over the next five days. BBC meteorologist Matt Taylor told BBC Breakfast viewers that much of the rain will hit the UK on Monday night into Tuesday. However, parts of the country, particularly southern counties of England, could experience "next to no rainfall again through this week ahead". This comes as a hosepipe ban is set to come into force in parts of southern England after a lack of rainfall and extreme temperatures. Mr Taylor said: "Let's talk about rainfall. This map will show you what to expect of rainfall over the next five days. "The deeper the blue colours, the greater the rainfall total. "You will notice that it is Monday night into Tuesday that will see the heaviest of the rain, mainly across western areas." JUST IN: Morrisons petrol station emergency as camper van bursts into flames  He continued: "But look at these lighter blue areas, particularly the southern counties of England where some have seen precious little rainfall at all this month. "This is where we could see next to no rainfall again through this week ahead. "While we are looking at some wetter weather, one or two will continue to miss out." Turning to today's forecast, the BBC meteorologist noted that "the rain is chiefly across northern England, the Midlands and parts of Wales".  He added: "We saw some heavy rain earlier across East Anglia, which has now cleared. "Temperatures today are on the muggy side, with it reaching 26C, 27C in London through the afternoon. "It will feel quite humid in the Birmingham area for the Commonwealth Games today. But it is looking dry and brighter this evening." DON'T MISS: Princess Anne 'always knew Meghan had short royal shelf-life' [INSIGHT]White House video edits spark questions about Biden's blunders [VIDEO]Ukraine LIVE: Humiliating blow for Putin as Russian Black Sea HQ hit [LIVE BLOG]  He claimed there was a "chance of showers" for the Euro 2022 final between Germany and England at Wembley today. Met Office forecaster Tom Morgan echoed the BBC forecast, saying that around 30-40mm of rain could fall over Monday and Tuesday in northern, central and western areas. The hosepipe in southern England will affect Southern Water customers in Hampshire and the Isle of Wight from 5 August. Using hosepipes to water gardens, clean cars, and fill ornamental ponds and swimming pools will not be allowed. READ NEXT: Hosepipe ban warning: Britons braced for 'compulsory water metering'August heatwave: 40C August hot weather 'not impossible' UK weather: Brits to feel ‘clammy’ as muggy conditions to set in UK storm forecast: Tropical' 29C air to spark lightning - Met OfficeBBC Weather: Mercury 'well above expected' ahead of storms next week 