Manchester United chief executive Richard Arnold and football director John Murtough were spotted in Barcelona on Monday as talks over Frenkie de Jong accelerate. The pair met Mateu Alemany, Rafa Yuste and Jordi Cruyff at the start of a potentially mammoth week in the saga. Spanish journalist Gerard Romero took to his Twitch and Twitter to confirm Arnold and Murtough's presence in Spain. He claims they had a meeting at Barcelona's offices with Alemany, Yuste and Cruyff and shared Jijantes footage of them leaving Restaurante Triton. Romero added that United figures travelled to Barcelona to clarify their intentions - they want a De Jong 'yes or yes'. With the 25-year-old Netherlands midfielder returning to the club for pre-season this week, significant developments over his future could be in store. Barcelona are set to give De Jong the opportunity to remain at Camp Nou if he's willing to take a major pay cut, but the La Liga giants will likely sanction his sale if that option's off the table. Arnold and Murtough's visit to the city could indicate that the transfer is in its final stages and Erik ten Hag is closing on his priority target. JUST IN: Liverpool handed Darwin Nunez injury scare ahead of Man Utd friendly During his corresponding broadcast, Romero described De Jong's potential move to United as 'very, very, very hot'. He continued by revealing Red Devils figures were also in Barcelona last week, meeting Blaugrana figures one day after club president Joan Laporta publicly insisted he wasn't for sale. Barcelona's continued pursuit of Leeds United winger Raphinha, and the £60million plus fee he will demand, has potentially ignited De Jong talks. A fee worth around £68m (€80m) has been verbally agreed for the Dutchman, but negotiations are now focused on the structure of the deal and issues with his current contract. READ MORE: Man Utd's Ten Hag hands down punishment to players in training session Barcelona are understood to owe De Jong around £17m in deferred salary payments after he agreed to slash his income to help the club through the Covid pandemic. He is set to be paid across the remainder of his contract, expiring in 2026, which could spark an issue if he signs for another club this summer. United could find a compromise with Barcelona in which they would help pay off the debt owed to De Jong as part of the transfer fee. That could have been one of the topics of discussion during Arnold and Murtough's latest trip to Barcelona, with Ten Hag edging closer to a much-desired reunion. Click HERE to buy the new Man Utd home shirt 