The body was found by officers scouring the River Tyne near Ovingham in Northumberland. Officers were called to the watercourse just before 4.15pm on Sunday (July 17). Emergency services launched a large-scale search which included a helicopter after reports the 13-year-old lad had got into difficulty in the river. Northumbria Police said in a statement on Monday (July 18): "Officers searching for a missing teenager in Northumberland have sadly found a body." The police, Tyne and Wear Fire and Rescue Service, Northumberland Fire and Rescue Service, HM Coastguard and Mountain Rescue were all involved in the search. Northumbria Police's statement read: "Sadly, a body has since been found in the water."  "Formal identification is yet to take place but police believe it to be the missing male." The boy's family has been informed and specialist family liaison officers are continuing to offer them any support they need, according to the force. Detective Chief Inspector Martin Brooks, of Northumbria Police, said: "This is an absolutely tragic update that we sincerely hoped we would never have to give. "Sadly, after extensive searches carried out in the river yesterday afternoon and evening, a body has been found and we believe it to be the male who was reported missing."  READ MORE ABOUT THE QUEEN GIVING WILLIAM A TELLING OFF "Our thoughts go out to the male’s family and friends at this devastating time and I would ask that their privacy is respected as they attempt to come to terms with what has happened." DCI Brooks went on the thank all the organisations which helped with the searches, including volunteers. He said: "Your support is absolutely vital and it is hugely appreciated. "It is with great sadness that we could not provide a more positive update."  DON'T MISS: BBC forced to apologise following athlete interview [REVEALED] Family's home may be bulldozed but 'nobody bothered to tell them' [REPORT] Battersea calling for urgent law change after innocent puppy put down [LATEST] Northumbria Police's statement added the force does not believe there to be any third party involvement. A report will be made for the coroner. The tragic news comes after police confirmed the body of a 16-year-old was found in Salford Quay, Manchester. Greater Manchester Police said in a statement issued on Sunday: "The body of a teenage boy has been recovered from Salford Quays after we were called to reports of a person getting into difficulty in the water yesterday.  "Although formal identification has not yet taken place, the body is believed to be that of a 16-year-old boy who was last seen struggling in the water after swimming with friends." The force said the boy's family has been kept updated and is being supported by specially-trained officers at this extremely distressing time. The deaths come amid soaring temperatures as forecasters predict the UK will record its hottest day ever on Monday or Tuesday. Officials are warning the public not to cool off by swimming in quays, reservoirs or by jumping off bridges.  Detective Inspector Joanne Johnston of Swinton CID said on Sunday: "Yesterday evening's events are nothing short of devastating and my thoughts are with the friends and family of the young boy who lost his life in such awful circumstances. "We are doing all we can to support the boy's family at this incredibly difficult time, and we are focused on ensuring they get the answers they deserve as to how this tragedy occurred. "From our enquiries so far, we are confident there are no suspicious circumstances and that this is such a sad reminder of the dangers of entering open water, whatever the weather." 