Body language expert Judi James said Princess Eugenie and Beatrice "are clearly as close as the Queen and her sister Margaret were when they were younger". Judi explained the sisters share "a similar sense of being two girls that were rather isolated together by their status as royal Princesses as they were growing up". Princess Beatrice and Eugenie are now married and have children but their relationship remains unbreakable. The body language expert said "marriage and motherhood seem to have done little to weaken the bond between Beatrice and Eugenie". The sisters still seem to feature closely in each other’s lives. READ MORE: 'The body does not lie': Inside Sophie Wessex & Edward's marriage Princess Eugenie and Beatrice often attend the same events with their families and undertake royal duties together. Judi said that the bond the sisters share may be stronger now after the dramatic events they have experienced in their lives. She explained: "Some of this bonding and sense of mutual protection, support and fierce loyalty must have been strengthened by events like their parent’s divorce. "Their mother’s ongoing banishment from the Firm, and then their father’s more recent controversies.  "They almost seem to have clung to one another for survival, despite displaying body language traits that define them as contrasting personalities." But what are their personalities like? Judi revealed: "Beatrice might be the older sister but her body language always makes her look like the younger one. "She has inherited her mother’s wide, rounded and very expressive eyes and this tends to help make her look more vulnerable, wary, excitable and naïve. READ MORE: Meghan Markle's fashion hack to 'look expensive' - 'she is a fan' "She always looks like the sister more in need of protection. "Eugenie compliments these signals by looking calm, solid, regal and nurturing. "In their poses together it will usually be Eugenie standing upright and slightly closer to the camera. "Beatrice either leans into her sister or tilts her head towards her with an expression that suggests she is gaining support from her sister. "Eugenie’s raised chin and rather serene facial expression plus her upright posture and her trait of standing with her hands lightly clasped at her waist make her look very much like the Queen. "Beatrice has inherited the rather more spontaneous and revealing body language of her mother Fergie, though," Judi said. Princess Eugenie and Beatrice were last seen together during the Queen's Platinum Jubilee last month.