Netflix’s highly acclaimed historical series The Last Kingdom came to an end with season five in March. Although the show has officially concluded, Father Benedict star Patrick Robinson shared his reaction to the final instalment. The Last Kingdom told of Uhtred (played by Alexander Dreymon) and followed his adventure as he went to reclaim Bebbanburg as the rightful heir. Although he was born a Saxon, Uhtred was raised among Danes. As the two cultures were against each other and consistently warring, he felt a constant push-pull when it came to his identity. This resulted in a lifelong mission to discover himself, which then led him to his ancestral home of Bebbanburg. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan 'not showing love' claims royal author Levin What followed was a series of brutal wars, battles for power and a final epic showdown as Uthred fought to reclaim the kingdom which was his birthright. In season five, he brought up King Edward's (Timothy Innes) son Aethelstan (Harry Gilby) to be the next heir of Wessex. Along his journey to the throne, Uthred met a number of people including Father Benedict (Patrick Robinson). Ahead of his debut, Father Benedict was introduced to viewers as “a holy man with a troubled heart."    Fans soon discovered the religious leader was battling a spiralling gambling addiction. However, it wasn’t a secret among his members as Benedict was in major debt and owed money to a number of people. After making his debut in season five as Father Benedict, actor Patrick Robinson opened up about being taken aback by the final instalment. He revealed: “When I saw the scale I was like, ‘Wow, this is a seriously big production!’ DON'T MISS...Josie Gibson's 'stunning' appearance leaves This Morning viewers distr [INSIGHT]The Last Kingdom’s King Edward pays tribute to members of Netflix show [INSIGHT]Last Kingdom’s Aldhelm star shares jibe at previous roles [INSIGHT]  “I’ve worked quite a bit, and been on film sets, but this one is fantastic.” Robinson detailed: “Where it is, the lake, all the buildings, the whole town, and in another studio you’ve got another part of the world, Rumcofa there. “They’ve done brilliantly with the whole thing, the whole scale is just fantastic.” Father Benedict was one of the few characters which fans met for the first time on-screen as he did not exist in the original novels by Bernard Cornwell.    The Last Kingdom was the onscreen adaptation of a series of books called The Saxon Stories and fans had mixed feelings about the new addition. Despite this, it was revealed his character was inspired by a real religious figure recorded to have lived in Canterbury during the 9th and 10th centuries. RadioTimes reported Saint Adrian lived to teach the bible for approximately four decades and died in the year 709. Although Saint Adrian and Father Benedict were not intended to be the same people, his portrayal was used to demonstrate there were people of African descent present in early England. The Last Kingdom is available on Netflix   