Fern Britton, who co-hosted This Morning for a decade, opened up about how she nearly lost her job on the ITV talk show after giving birth to her fourth child Winnie Vickery during a recent podcast interview on Postcards from Midlife with Trish and Lorraine. The 65-year-old recalled how her body wasn't ready to return to work after having a Caesarean section in her forties. Podcasters Lorraine Candy and Trish Halpin asked Fern to tell them about her successful television career and how she's now enjoying being an author. Fern candidly admitted she "never had a plan" when she started her television career at the age of 22. She quipped: "I just blundered my way through the next 40 years, literally. "I never really wanted to follow a map, I'm not very good with a sat nav, you know. I've never wanted to follow a map in my life." READ MORE: Amanda Owen shares surprise over Clive’s unusual present Fern felt she was "lucky" to keep taking on roles which she enjoyed doing throughout her television career. However, when Fern was pregnant with Winnie at the age of 44, she claimed she was told she would lose her This Morning role if she was not back on screen immediately after she'd given birth. Fern explained: "It was when Richard and Judy had very suddenly left the programme and I was doing Fridays with John Leslie. "All of a sudden John and I were the two main presenters, and we did alright, we got on very well." ITV has been contacted for a comment by Express.co.uk. They worked alongside each other for two years until she fell pregnant with Winnie and her boss asked when she was due to give birth. She recalled: "I said she was due at the beginning of September and he said, 'Right, you can come straight back.' "I said, 'Well I really can't because I am 44, I know it's going to be a caesarean because, with my twin boys, one was upside down and one was back to front, so that was a caesarean."  DON'T MISS...Fern Britton delighted by Queen’s brutally funny Ant and Dec snub  [LATEST]'Wish I could've persevered' Fern Britton talks regret over Phil split [UPDATE]'I had nothing' Fern Britton felt 'frightened' after This Morning exit [INTERVIEW] She also needed a caesarean for her third child, Grace, and was convinced Winnie would not be a natural birth. Fern said her This Morning boss told her his wife was driving soon after her caesarean and was "absolutely fine". A frustrated Fern said: "I asked him how old she was as she was about 30, and I was more than 10 years old than her and would have four children. "I told him, 'I don't think I can come back' and he said, 'Well, if you don't come back there won't be a job for you.' Fern claimed her boss called her six weeks after she had given birth to Winnie and begged her to come back to This Morning but her body wasn't ready. He warned her she would lose her job if she did not return and later encouraged her to get a nanny and babysitter. She added: "I told him I can't leave her with a nanny as I feed her and I am going to continue to feed her, and I did for the next year." When she returned to the This Morning studio her boss arranged for a greenroom host to look after Winnie while she was presenting. She later exclaimed: "How did I have the strength to do it? I don't know. Women are just b****y tough."