Former F1 driver Johnny Herbert believes there is “light at the end of the tunnel” for Lewis Hamilton as the seven-time world champion secured a podium finish at the British Grand Prix. Hamilton finished third in a thrilling race that Mercedes will take positives from after their season-long battle with porpoising issues. Hamilton’s team brought significant upgrades to Silverstone that enabled them to combat the car’s bouncing and compete with Ferrari and Red Bull, and Herbert believes that Mercedes are now moving in the right direction. “It’s a nice upgrade that they brought to Silverstone,” he told the Sky Sports F1 Any Given Monday show. “I think on pure pace they are probably two or three tenths still off, but we can see in the race pace they still have that ability to challenge the teams that have slightly better packages at the present time. “They are moving in the right way, Lewis as you always expect when there’s an opportunity, raises his game and gets himself in the mix for a possible race win and it wasn’t that far away. “The most important thing is that Mercedes now are starting to supply the car that the drivers need and they are going to be able to put some good results [together] I am sure in the coming races. READ MORE: F1 fan footage shows how close Zhou Guanyu came to hitting spectators “I think this is a point where they will have much more understanding of what direction they need to go in, because at the beginning of the season they had no idea where they were going. Finally, I think there is a light at the end of the tunnel for them.” Hamilton was in a position to challenge for the win at times during the race, but was ultimately made to settle for third following an entertaining battle between several drivers when the encounter was resumed following a Safety Car. He did admit that he enjoyed competing against the other drivers, despite not being able to claim a home victory. DON'T MISSMercedes admit their 'risk' contributed to George Russell horror crash [COMMENT]George Russell hits out at FIA rule as Mercedes launch appeal  [ANALYSIS]F1 star Alex Albon airlifted to hospital after nasty British GP crash [INSIGHT] “That was very reminiscent of the karting days and I feel like that’s Formula 1 at its best,” Hamilton said. “The fact we were able to follow and dice like that lap by lap is a testament to the direction I think we are now in. I was just grateful I could be in the battle because I’ve not been in that fight for a while.” Mercedes chief Toto Wolff claimed that the 37-year-old would have tasted victory if not for a late safety car. “The car had some performance today and we were in there to win the race,” Wolff told Sky Sports F1. “That’s very encouraging. "I think without the Safety Car he would have probably won the race. At the end it was just [Sergio] Perez was there and then [Carlos] Sainz just went. It’s okay, the most encouraging [part] is we had a car that was able to race.”