Monty Don’s Herefordshire garden, Longmeadow, is well known to garden enthusiasts around the UK as the setting of BBC Gardeners’ World. The gardening expert purchased the two acres in 1991, when it was a barren field. Having little money but some time on his hands, Monty set out to make himself aware of everything that was there. While photos of his house remain fairly private, the garden has been shown for several years. Monty spoke to English Home about where he lives and why he chose to live there. He said: “I live near a little town called Leominster in Herefordshire, near the Welsh border. “We moved here 30 years ago because it was sufficiently far from London to be outside any commuter belt, and therefore affordable, and because my wife Sarah’s parents and her extended family lived in this part of the country.” READ MORE: 'Energy bill already 50% less': Crucial guidance to keep costs down He described his home as a Tudor oak-beamed hall house which has 10 workrooms and studios. The garden is split into four sections - the Cottage Garden, Jewel Garden, Paradise Garden and Vegetable Garden. Sharing the garden's history in his blog, Monty wrote: “The planting began in earnest in spring 1993 and has never really ceased since. “The changes have been dramatic and may seem astonishing to some. DON'T MISS:Carol Klein: How to sow foxgloves for a stunning flower display [VIDEO]Four important factors to consider if your plants aren’t blooming [EXPERT]Homes Under the Hammer buyer boosts flat value by £175k [PICTURES] “But in my mind that early field with its pattern of woven fences protecting the little plants, so small yet filled with dreams, still remains beneath the skin.” Viewers can often see the different areas on Gardeners’ World. The market town of Leominster is located in northern Herefordshire. The town and surrounding villages make a perfect base for exploring the land between England and Wales. READ MORE: Homes Under the Hammer buyers boost flat by £153k - pictures  Leominster has historic sites and wonderful gardens, making it a popular destination for tourists. The town itself is an ancient one, having established itself around the great Anglo-Saxon abbey, founded in 660 AD. Areas in the town still have narrow streets. Leominster is just 10 minutes from Hereford town centre, which is full of shops, restaurants and bars. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea The distance between Leominster and Wales is around 40 miles, providing a great base for many. According to Rightmove, the average house price in the area is £208,078. The majority of the sales in Leominster during the last year were semi-detached properties, selling for an average price of £207,300. Overall, sold prices in the region over the last year were two percent down on the previous year and 10 percent up on the 2019 peak of £189,728.