The EU Commission expects that Russia could turn off Europe's gas supply before the end of the year. Now there is a first draft for an emergency plan. Brussels is calling on households to voluntarily save gas and is planning limits for commercial buildings. Businesses and consumers could face significant energy-saving measures in the face of the looming gas crisis. A draft European Commission emergency plan calls for public buildings, offices and commercial buildings to be heated to a maximum of 19 degrees from autumn. "Acting now can reduce the impact of a sudden supply disruption by a third," says the text, obtained by Deutsche Presse-Agentur. It predicts there is now a "significant risk" that Russia would halt gas supplies to Europe this year. Companies that can replace gas should reduce their consumption, it says. The aim is to protect industries that are particularly important for supply chains and competitiveness, it reads. Households are also being urged to voluntarily use less. "Everyone can save gas, now," the commission wrote. Rules already in place stipulate that in the event of a gas shortage, households and hospitals, for example, would be prioritised. However, if electricity production was at risk, countries could put gas-fired power plants in charge of supplying electricity over certain protected consumers, it says. The plan is still subject to change and is expected to be officially presented next Wednesday (20 July). Simulations by regulator ENTSO-G have shown, according to the text, that a supply freeze in July would mean that gas storage facilities could not be sufficiently filled, meaning there could still be shortages in the winter as well as next year. READ MORE: Putin facing rapid ammunition wipe out If a disruption came in October or later, there would be less risk to winter demand. But there would be less time to react. The impact on member states would depend on how reliant they are on Russian gas, they say. Germany is one of the countries most affected. According to the Commission, gas supplies from Russia have already been drastically reduced. Overall, gas flows are now less than 30 percent of the 2016 to 2021 average, the draft says. This has led to historically high energy prices and pushed up inflation, it said. There are no indications that the situation will improve. Rather, it is likely to worsen. DON'T MISS:US successfully test hypersonic missile in chilling warning to Putin [INSIGHT]US weather: State of emergency declared in Virginia floods [VIDEO]Truss humiliated after embarrassingly begging Lib Dem to back her [ANALYSIS] On Thursday, French President Emmanuel Macron warned France needs to mobilise to prepare for the probable scenario of energy shortages this autumn because Russia is using cuts in supplies to Europe as a weapon in its war with Ukraine. Speaking in a televised interview to mark France's national day, Mr Macron said part of that mobilisation would involve French consumers and businesses scaling back their energy use. "We need to prepare ourselves for a scenario where we have to manage completely without Russian gas," he said. He said he would soon submit a detailed plan for restraint in energy consumption. Irish Minister for Finance Pachal Donoghue echoed Mr Macron's comments. Speaking to the budgetary oversight committee, Mr Donoghue said the "global economic shock" caused by Russia's invasion of Ukraine has "rapidly" changed Ireland's economic context.  He said the "era of low-cost borrowing" is "clearly coming to an end". Discussing the summer economic statement, Mr Donoghue said the war could cause further economic woes for Ireland. "A chief further risk is the potential for a withdrawal of natural gas supplies from Russia to mainland Europe", he said. "While we do not presently view this as the most likely development, it clearly constitutes a very real risk nonetheless." He said such an event would result in "major economic disruption in export markets" and have a "severe" effect on Ireland. "So, in these highly uncertain times, with heightened vulnerabilities, managing the public finances in a careful and responsible way is a matter of urgency," he said. Additional reporting by Monika Pallenberg