The title was “Are Women Human?” and she was protesting, early on in the feminist movement, that women were real human beings as much as men are and therefore wanted, as men do, “an interesting occupation, reasonable freedom for their pleasures, and a sufficient emotional outlet.” It is extraordinary that I should feel it necessary to return to this theme now on behalf of old women who, in general, are patronized and dismissed not only by men but also by younger women. Old women (and let’s take that to be over 65 although definitions vary a lot) are therefore not only still disadvantaged by being women but additionally by being old. Dorothy Sayers, who had a marvellously keen intellect, had a lot of fun pointing out that some of the protests made by men to do with women’s behaviour were ludicrous: “Let us take this terrible business….so distressing to the minds of bishops…..of women who go about in trousers,” she said. Today women can and do wear trousers without rebuke, mostly, even old women.  But then, one could argue, old women have been ‘de-sexed’ by social consensus (post-menopause etc) and so we then find ourselves challenged by whether old women have or want or should have or do have sex? It is a curious question and takes us back to the original question I asked, “Are old women human?” All human beings have affiliative urges: from babyhood they seek out objects of attachment. So strong is this impulse that even small children who are not fed and who are abused by their caregivers will try to be near the person they intuitively feel they need. There are a number of different theoretical languages that offer descriptions of how to understand this process and the part it plays in an individual’s development but what is never disputed is that we all, from birth to death, seek out other people to belong to, to own, to validate our existence, to be in relation to, to love or sometimes to hate. Solitary confinement would not be a punishment if this were not the case. Aspects of this basic human need, from babyhood onwards, are expressed at a physical level: we need touch, we need eye contact, we need intimacy, we need closeness. This libidinal urge drives us forward to connect with those around us, for better or worse. There has been a lot of publicity for a recent film, “Good luck to you, Leo Grande”. It stars the wonderful Emma Thompson as an “old” woman who hires a young sex worker for a month. So, it is about old women and sex: an inflammatory coupling. The point is, however, although the sexual relationship is the rationale for their connection, there is so much more. The woman is a widow. She gets to drink champagne in the bedroom, to laugh and cry and express dismay and receive reassurance. She and her lover confide in each other. They are close, as close, perhaps, as a woman and man can be for a while: but the sex is so good because it is also part of a wider deeper connection. They are intimate. She comes back to life. She is reinvigorated. She is alive. As a human being, she is fed. Of course, like any human appetite this can be corrupted, can be perverse, can be profoundly destructive too.   Sayers went on to say: “What is repugnant to every human being is to be reckoned always a member of a class and not as an individual person. What is unreasonable and irritating is to assume that all one’s tastes and preferences have to be conditioned by the class to which one belongs.” So, although as humans old women will be on the search for people, for relationships, for intimacy each will go about it in precisely the way that her personality, her experience, her predilections take her. It is this connection that the 13 old women in my new collection of short stories, Cat Brushing, seek. They look for it in different places, some with success, many not: but they are driven, as all human beings are, to continue searching for a person who will make sense of their incoherent sense of themselves. They are normal human beings, so they are sensual, emotional, thoughtful. It is not about sex or orgasms as such: it is about human need which spills over into sexual need. Sometimes this sought-for lover is a memory, a fantasy, a wish-fulfilment; always he or she is someone who can recognise and respond to the search for emotional and physical connection. Sometimes the enactment is perverse, is dangerous, is destructive. Nonetheless, these old women are human and fallible and therefore one should not be surprised at the variations in their sexual behaviour and above all, readers should not be surprised that they have an interest in sex. So, to people who think the stories I write are about old women and sex I would say that they are missing the point. Unless you want to argue that old women are not human, or not quite human, or a kind of sub-species of human a reader has to accept that sex, unless it is sold as a commodified artefact and maybe even then, is always part of a wider, greater, deeper process of human need.  Jane Campbell is the author of Cat Brushing, her debut short story collection, published by riverrun. 