Type 2 diabetes scarcely registers on the radar if you keep blood sugar levels under control. People with diabetes are more prone to rising blood sugar levels because their ability to produce insulin is hampered and insulin regulates blood sugar. Insulin acts to counter the blood sugar spikes brought on by eating carbohydrates but you can slow this rise by eating foods with a low-carb content. According to Doctor Sarah Brewer, Medical Director of Healthspan, eating fruit is wise because most fruits rank "low to moderate" on the glycaemic index. The glycaemic index (GI) is a rating system for foods containing carbohydrates. It shows how quickly each food affects your blood sugar (glucose) level when that food is eaten on its own. Low or medium GI foods are broken down more slowly and cause a gradual rise in blood sugar levels over time. READ MORE: Diabetes type 2: The 2p drink that 'significantly' lowers blood sugar in minutes of intake However, there are some exceptions to the rule. Doctor Brewer said to not "overindulge" in dried fruits. It’s best to avoid too much dried fruit because they can be packed with carbohydrates. However, not all dried fruit spells trouble, according to health body Byram Healthcare. According to the health body, "when eaten in moderation, dried apricots are a great option as they have a GI of only 32". DON'T MISSDementia: The hair change seen in 70% of patients [INSIGHT]Cancer: The hot drink that may hike your risk by 90% [ADVICE]How to sleep: The 'Navy SEAL' hack to fall asleep in seconds [TIPS] According to Doctor Brewer, strawberries and cream is a great summer snack but she advised swapping out the cream for a more diabetes-friendly item. She said: "Strawberries and cream Strawberries are a delicious, healthy treat at the end of a meal or on their own. "Rather than slathering them with cream, however, use crème fraiche or Greek yoghurt for their lower fat content.” Now the summer is here, there is a temptation to knock back the alcohol but this can land you in the danger zone, Doctor Brewer warned. “When you have diabetes, drinking alcohol can cause your blood glucose levels to either rise or fall, depending on how much you have eaten, how much alcohol you consume, how quickly, and the amount of carbohydrate present in the drink or mixer. Beer and sweet wine can cause blood glucose levels to rise." Instead, Doctor Brewer said “moderation is key, as excess alcohol increases insulin resistance and the risk of hypertension, abnormal heart rhythms, fatty liver changes, low blood glucose levels (hypoglycemia) and promotes obesity". She continued: "If you are trying to lose weight, limiting your alcohol intake is an easy way to cut back on calories. "If you have diabetes, your doctor may suggest that you only drink one or two units of alcohol per day." Doctor Brewer added: "Only drink alcoholic drinks when your blood glucose levels are well controlled, drink alcohol with food, drink slowly and avoid sugary drinks as mixers.” To keep blood sugar levels in check, Doctor Brewer also championed the benefits of taking an all-natural supplement. According to the doc, CuraLin (£59.00, www.curalife.com) is made from nine natural herbs that work with the body to help balance the blood sugar profile. "CuraLin can also help with the regulation and consumption of sugary foods as its natural ingredients can reduce cravings for sugars – making CuraLin the ideal summertime companion for type 2 diabetics."