Liz Truss shouted "oh my God" after a loud crash was heard in the studios during her leadership debate against Rishi Sunak. TalkTV announced it would not be continuing the debate afterwards. A statement on Twitter read: "Kate McCann fainted on air tonight and although she is fine, the medical advice was that we shouldn't continue with the debate. We apologise to our viewers and listeners." Ms Truss was filmed holding her hands to her face before the lights went dark. She then walked away from her podium towards tMs McCann. The programme immediately went off-air, with a message appearing on the screen, saying: "We are sorry for the disruption to this programme. "We are working hard to fix the issue and will return to normal programming soon." READ MORE: BBC’s Chris Packham launches scathing rant – ‘We’re f***ed’ TalkTV host James Whale confirmed Kate McCann fainted on set. He wrote on Twitter: "Sadly Kate McCann the host has fainted we will let you know more later." Ms McCann was meant to appear alongside The Sun's political editor Harry Cole, but he tested positive for Covid-19 earlier today. Mr Cole said earlier today: "Covid finally got me for the first time with spectacularly bad timing."  He had been due to share hosting duties with TalkTV's political editor Kate McCann. She said she was "gutted not to be hosting with my partner in crime this evening" but "we've got a great debate in store". Journalist Iain Dale took to Twitter to send good wishes to Ms McCann. He wrote: "What an awful thing to happen to her on such a big day. DON'T MISS Boris allies urge Tory party to hold 'confirmatory vote' on PM' [INSIGHT]Sunak shoots himself in foot with 'mansplaining' strategy [ANALYSIS]Russian pundit in brutal forecast for UK amid leadership chaos [REACTION] "All credit to Liz Truss for her instant reaction and rushing over to help Kate. "A shocking moment for everyone watching. as well as those in the studio." Rishi Sunak also wrote on Twitter: "Good news that you're already recovering Kate McCann. It was a great debate and I look forward to getting grilled by you again shortly!" Liz Truss also wrote: "Relieved to hear Kate McCann is fine. Really sorry that such a good debate had to end. Look forward to catching up with Kate and the rest of The Sun and TalkTV team again soon." While TalkTV host Julia Hartley-Brewer added: "So relieved that Kate McCann is ok. I think we can all agree that she was doing a bloody brilliant job hosting the Tory leaders' debate on TalkTV. We learned more about Rishi Sunak and Liz Truss policies in those 20 minutes than in the BBC's full hour!"