Stepping back on-set of the popular BBC1 soap EastEnders, Letitia Dean's physical appearance was enough to get fans talking. Branding her a "skinny Queen", the Sharon Watts star went from 10st 4lbs to 8st 3lbs, having dropped an incredible four dress sizes in four months and it's all down to changing old habits. Having been on the telly since joining the show back in 1985, her weight had fluctuated over time but the actress finally decided enough was enough. She previously stated that she had tried every fad diet on the market, including the cabbage soup diet, the Atkins diet and a "really disgusting eggs-only diet". In 2007, she took part in Strictly Come Dancing, to try and slim down. "The main reason I [signed up] was because [I] wanted to do something about my figure," she explained on EastEnders' spin-off show Secrets from the Square. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake "I was so sick of extreme dieting and my weight yo-yoing." Fad diets have been considered bad for people because they don't address the problems behind weight gain. They can also cause nutritional deficiencies, which can then lead to additional health problems. These can include negatively impacting hormonal health, metabolism and mental health issues. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] Letitia admitted she has been mocked for her weight in the past, with people telling her she was “too fat”. But now, she seems to have found a method that works for her. She revealed she only focuses on “healthy food” to shed her unwanted pounds. The TV star explained: "Pitta bread with a grilled skinless chicken breast, for instance, and lots of greens." READ MORE: Michael Mosley weight loss: Remove three foods to stay slim And she eats in a calorie deficit, consuming 1,300 on a new diet plan and this, alongside exercise, saw the pounds fall off. A calorie deficit is the energy the body requires to maintain its current weight, minus a person's dietary calorie intake. According to WebMD, if people want to begin a calorie deficit, a good rule of thumb for healthy weight loss is a deficit of around 500 calories per day. This if done correctly, could promote the loss of about one pound per week. And she eats in a calorie deficit, consuming 1,300 on a new diet plan and this, alongside exercise, saw the pounds fall off. A calorie deficit is the energy the body requires to maintain its current weight, minus a person's dietary calorie intake. According to WebMD, if people want to begin a calorie deficit, a good rule of thumb for healthy weight loss is a deficit of around 500 calories per day. This if done correctly, could promote the loss of about one pound per week.