Everything that could go wrong for a Prime Minster has gone wrong, from a collapsing economy, to half his cabinet walking out, to an epidemic of strikes, to a cost of living crisis, to yet another Tory MP sex allegation, to question upon question upon question about Boris Johnson's integrity. All Keir Starmer had to do at Prime Minister's Questions today was light the blue touch paper and retire to a safe distance. Boris, his morally challenged MPs, and his growing army of the disloyal had already done the rest. Indeed we were all surely half expecting a resignation speech. But, to quote the PM's own alleged response to the crisis, "f*ck that!" Instead, truly mystifyingly, I really think Boris pulled off an escape worthy of not just a greased piglet but a greased piglet trained by Harry Houdini. For Keir today really should have been embarrassingly easy, the political equivalent of punching kittens in the face. Indeed it could have, and perhaps should have, sounded the death knell of a Prime Ministership. Instead he allowed Boris to wriggle away, allowed him to deflect with talk of tax cuts instead of being skewered from the get go. "These changes will benefit 30 million people across the UK" said the Prime Minister showcasing his tax cuts. Surely every member in the chamber was thinking a slightly more obvious and pressing change might benefit 60 million people across the UK? But seconds after the Leader of the Opposition got to his feet it became clear if we were to get this change at all it surely wasn't going to be today. Keir's problem may simply be that he is too decent and definitely too lawyerly. Like a good brief he prefaces his points with background and context, but what plays well in court bombs in PMQs. Here, as his deputy Angela Rayner has instinctively grasped, loud, machine-gun like, playground level barbs work much better. So, despite the deeply disturbing nature of many of the allegations currently weighing Boris down, he was allowed to make light of it, to turn it into a Boris joke. "I have had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others and I suspect I shall have further such meetings later today," he chirped to guffaws from all benches. The best line of the day, and by far the most damaging to Boris, inevitably came from his own back benches. Former children’s minister Tim Loughton took to his feet to ask: “Does the Prime Minister think there are any circumstances where he should resign?” More laughter, but this time of the nervous variety. Cue Boris's repeated claims that when the going gets tough people look for someone to blame but that he was going to "hang in there" - as if he was doing us a heroic favour. In truth the glut of Tory resignations amid huffing puffing claims their integrity has been compromised all feels far too little far too late. The good ship Integrity has long since sailed and there was no-one on it.   It's their own fault too, they knew what they were getting. One thing Boris has never lied about is who he is, a political chancer, an ignorer of protocols, a bender of the actualité, a man very much at ease with the fact rules are for the little people. And in fairness this is part of what makes him a formidable politician. "Everything Boris does comes with an implicit wink" said ex-MP Matthew Parris today. And he's spot on. The Tory Party, and the voters...all got what they signed up for. It's not Boris who lied to us, it's that we lied to ourselves, ably abetted by a Tory Party desperate to convince us what an elder statesman Boris was. He isn't, he never was, he never will be. Perhaps more crucially, he never said he was. 