Manchester United are still in the process of finalising shirt numbers ahead of Frenkie de Jong and Tyrell Malacia’s imminent moves to Old Trafford. The duo are primed to join from Barcelona and Feyenoord. And it’ll be interesting to see what jerseys they choose to take once it’s confirmed they’ll be on the move to the Premier League. Manchester United have rocked Lyon by swooping in to steal Malacia from under their noses. The Netherlands international is set to join to provide competition for Luke Shaw, having impressed Ten Hag during his time at Feyenoord. And United are poised to snap up De Jong, too, with the Barcelona midfielder primed to move to Old Trafford after an agreement on a £56.2million deal was struck. Now, fans will be intrigued to see what jerseys they take. And Express Sport understands the Red Devils are still in the process of finalising shirt numbers for the upcoming season at the current moment in time. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez Juan Mata’s No 8 shirt is now free following his departure after eight-and-a-half years with the Red Devils. And Bruno Fernandes has never hidden his desire to take on that jersey, having previously sported the number at Sporting Lisbon. There are many other shirt numbers now free for Malacia and De Jong to take, too, as well as Antony, Lisandro Martinez and Christian Eriksen if they all arrive. Paul Pogba’s No 6 is now free after the France international opted to leave Old Trafford as a free agent for the second time. Likewise the No 13 and No 14 shirts, which were previously occupied by Lee Grant and Jesse Lingard respectively. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen The No 21 is also now vacant, having been worn by Edinson Cavani following the decision to give the No 7 shirt to Cristiano Ronaldo last year. And, with more players potentially leaving, it’s possible De Jong and Malacia will have even more options at their disposal. Eric Bailly has sported the No 3 ever since touching down from Villarreal back in the summer transfer window of 2016. But he’s now ready to leave to pursue regular first-team football, having made just four Premier League appearances last term. That’s also the case with Phil Jones, who is now celebrating 11 years with the club - though injuries have prevented him from fulfilling his true potential in the No 4 shirt. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team And the numbers nine, 27, 38, 26, 15 and 33 could all be available if Anthony Martial, Alex Telles, Axel Tuanzebe, Dean Henderson, Andreas Pereira and Brandon Williams all go. United could unveil De Jong and Malacia this weekend. And both players will get pulses racing as Ten Hag looks to turn the situation at Old Trafford around right from the very start. Meanwhile, regarding United’s recruitment, supremo Richard Arnold recently told fans at a local pub that the club’s spending hadn’t been good enough in recent years. “We spent a billion pounds on players. We have spent more than anyone in Europe,” he said. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “I’m not thrilled where we are. It doesn’t sit easy with me and I worry how we get this sorted for the future. “What’s happened is we have [expletive] burned through cash. You can’t go to our training ground and say ‘show me where the £1billion is' because we haven’t spent money well historically. “I’m not here to defend (chairman) Joel (Glazer). He must speak for himself. “But you have taken the time to come here and make your views known - and I respect that. “We’ve blown through an enormous amount of money. For this summer, the money the manager and the director of football (John Murtough) wants is there.”