Wayne Rooney has been announced as D.C. United's new manager a matter weeks after quitting his role as head coach of Derby County. The Manchester United legend has a huge task on his hands to turn the Major League Soccer side's fortunes around as the club he spent two seasons at in the twilight of his career currently languish second bottom in the Eastern Conference standings having been hammered 7-0 by Philadelphia Union in their last fixture.   Rooney ended his two-year stay with Derby less than one month ago, with the Rams having been relegated from the Championship and in a dire straits financially. England's all-time record goalscorer has now secured a swift return to management with D.C. United, the American outfit he spent two seasons at as a player after joining in 2018. Following confirmation of Rooney's appointment, the club's co-chairmen Jason Levien and Steve Kaplan explained that the 36-year-old has already proven his managerial qualities since calling time on his illustrious career last year. A joint statement from the pair released by the MLS club read: “Wayne is a soccer legend and one of the most exciting and dynamic up-and-coming managers in our sport. "He’s already proven in his young coaching career that he knows how to lead a group through adversity. He has an understanding of our league and what it takes to be successful in Major League Soccer thanks to his two-year stay with us as a player. JUST IN: Man Utd star Cristiano Ronaldo 'offers himself' to PSG  "The passion he showed while wearing Black-and-Red electrified our city and our club and we are so excited to welcome him back as our Head Coach.” Rooney joined D.C. United back in 2018 following a second stint with boyhood club Everton. The striker went on to net 23 goals and registered 15 assists in 48 appearances for the American outfit before returning to England with Derby in 2020, first as a player and then as manager one year later. Upon leaving Derby last month, Rooney said: “My time at the club has been a rollercoaster of emotions, both highs and lows, but I have to say that I have enjoyed the challenge. Personally, I feel the club now needs to be led by someone with fresh energy and not affected by the events that have happened over the last eighteen months." READ MORE: Newcastle 'line up summer transfer move' for £60m ex-Arsenal target  D.C. United also appear to be a club in dire need of fresh ideas and inspiration. The Black-and-Red sit second bottom in MLS Eastern Conference having mustered a mere 17 points from as many matches this season. President of Soccer Operations at D.C. United, Dave Kasper, added: “Wayne is a winner and a competitor. His work ethic and what he demands of himself and his players is second to none. Wayne’s approach to the game and the style of soccer he wants to play fits within our philosophy and we believe he is the right person to lead our club moving forward.”  