The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge will make their way across the pond and arrive in Boston this December for this year’s Earthshot Prize, celebrating ingenuity in the fight against climate change. Since the initiative’s inception, Prince William has garnered stateside support, including from a prominent — one might even consider them ‘royal’ — American family, with whom the Cambridges will collaborate during their time in Boston this winter.  However, the social media users did not seem to be happy with the idea of the Cambridges visiting the US. A twitter user ElenaB tweeted: “We are not interested in them, and no one wants this inconvenient, expensive, no purpose trip. “We have real work we’re doing over here and a democracy to save. No time for out of touch monarchists who treated a US citizen like s**t.” Another user Meg Monroe tweeted: “Why are Prince William and Kate Middleton chasing after America?  “Did they and their cronies not push for Meghan to 'go home'? Are the British public so insufficient for their greed? The gall.” A third user Eden tweeted: “This is going to be the real test for them. America in '14 is VERY different to America in '22. “If Royal protocol can get out of the way & then this could be a good thing for them BUT the RF's treatment of the Sussexes will follow them throughout the trip.” Another added: “United States is not a Commonwealth country and if Meghan were not American, American media wouldn’t be covering Harry and Meghan at all.  READ MORE: Lilibet Diana photo 'put out through sheer anger' over Jubilee snub “William and Kate trying to take the US by storm is sad and pathetic. They need to stick to the rivers and the lakes that they’re used to.” Upon their arrival in Boston, William and Kate will likely receive a warm welcome from the late President John F. Kennedy’s family, especially his only grandson, Jack Schlossberg. The 29-year-old son of Caroline Kennedy, Schlossberg has been a vocal supporter of Prince William’s Earthshot Prize. In fact, within the last week Scholssberg quote-tweeted “Earth shot baby!” above an announcement from JFK Library, which read, “The JFK Library Foundation is proud to be the host partner alongside [Mayor Michelle Wu] and [the City of Boston] for The [Earthshot Prize], celebrating extraordinary solutions to repair our planet from all around the world.”  DON'T MISS:Joe Biden offers to swap ‘Merchant of Death’ Russian arms dealer 'De-occupation is inevitable' Zelensky taunts Putin GB news: Rishi Sunak slammed for campaigning like a ‘novice’ Prince William’s latest break from royal tradition occurred in March during the Cambridges' royal tour to Jamaica ahead of the Platinum Jubilee. The couple arrived after peaceful protests in the nation against the monarchy over its ties to colonialism and slavery 