A source close to the Duke and Duchess of Sussex said the “public hasn’t quite accepted” that the couple are no longer working members of the Firm. The defence comes after the couple returned to the UK last month for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee, but kept a low profile only attending a service at St Paul’s Cathedral.  Their two children Archie Harrison and Lilibet Diana stayed out of the spotlight completely. The source argued the Sussexes were only in the UK to see Prince Harry’s beloved grandmother, the Queen. A source told Elle: “They aren't part of the [working] royal family anymore, and that's a decision they have taken but maybe [the public] hasn't quite accepted that yet. “Yes, they were low-key. They paid their respects and went home. “They were really here to see the Queen, and they did.” The couple kept their UK visit short as the headed home to the US before the celebrations officially ended.  READ MORE: Sussexes facing 'lot of pressure' as they 'only have eachother' They were spotted in the window of the Major General’s Office to watch the Trooping the Colour parade, with the Queen deciding only working royals would stand on Buckingham Palace balcony. The Sussexes also joined the Firm at the Service of Thanksgiving for the Queen at St Paul’s Cathedral. The couple entered St Paul’s after a large group of non-senior royals as they made their way down the aisle.  DON'T MISS Royal Family LIVE: Prince Harry risks creating 'wild west' with claim [BLOG]Kate and Prince William set to snub Meghan and Harry on US tour [INSIGHT]Camilla 'extended hand of friendship' to Kate and Meghan Markle [COMMENT] The visit marked the couple's first official UK return since their sensational exit from the Firm to live in California. Prince Harry has previously said he does not feel safe bringing his family to Britain over security concerns. The duke has argued that he cannot ensure the protection of Meghan and their two children without the Met Police because of their access to UK intelligence.  Since their royal exit in early 2020, the only other time that the couple have stepped foot on UK soil together was during a pitstop to visit the Queen in April. Before travelling to The Netherlands for the Invictus Games, the couple met with the Queen and had tea with the 96-year-old. For the Jubilee celebrations, the couple returned with their two young children, three-year-old son Archie and daughter Lilibet, who celebrated her first birthday during the Platinum Jubilee weekend.  During the visit, the Queen was able to meet her namesake great-granddaughter for the very first time. She also got the chance to see Harry and Meghan's son Archie for the first time since 2020.