Murder in Provence first made its debut on Britbox earlier this year and now it's time for ITV viewers to get sucked into this new crime drama's world. The three-part series is back for its second instalment tonight [Sunday, July 24] at 8pm with another investigation to crack. Here's everything Express.co.uk knows about the Murder in Provence episode two stars. The next investigation begins when nobleman Étienne de Bremont mysteriously falls to his death. It isn't too long before another body is discovered but what kicked off this killing spree? Actor Ashley Russell has a handful of credits under his belt, most recently EastEnders as a Mr Garrity in 2019. Russell has also been in Wittgenstein, Heartbeat, The Bill and Pie in the Sky. His biggest role to date was in the 1990s as Jean-François Baul in Jupiter Moon for six years. READ MORE: Lorraine Kelly in savage sweating jibe at Prince Andrew Few details are known about Lucien apart from the fact that he is Etienne's brother. The End of the F***ing World fans may remember actor Jonathan Aris as Professor Clive Koch in the Channel 4 drama. More recently, the star featured as Commander Roke in BBC's His Dark Materials earlier this year. He has also been in Sherlock, The Night Manager, A Very British Scandal, Black Mirror: Bandersnatch and Grantchester. Joining the cast for episode two as a character called Lucas is actor Damola Adelaja. Little is known about Lucas prior to the episode's release but could he have been involved in the death of Etienne? Actor Adelaja has relatively few credits under his belt, according to his IMDb page. He has so far been in White Colour Black, EastEnders, Berlin Station, Bored and Cursed. DON'T MISS...'BBC should be ashamed!' Countryfile viewers blast Brexit coverage [REACTION]Law & Order crew member shot and killed between filming in New York [FILMING]Vera’s Brenda Blethyn left ‘stunned’ by location for ITV drama [CAST] Another resident who comes under suspicion by Antoine (played by Roger Allam) and Marine (Nancy Carroll), will be Cosette Faraud. Last year, actress Sara Powell gave a memorable performance as Mary Seacole in Doctor Who. She has previously been in Holby Blue, Doctors, Damned, Unforgotten and Death in Paradise. Powell also had a minor role in Emilia Clarke and Emma Thompson's Last Christmas as a casting director. An official title for episode two hasn't been revealed by ITV. However, the synopsis for the upcoming instalment has given fans a taste of what's to come. The description reads: "Now working as a consultant for the police, Marine helps Antoine and Helene investigate the death of an aristocrat found dead at his crumbling chateau, but just when the team think that they've got their suspects nailed, another body is found." Murder in Provence continues every Sunday at 8pm on ITV.