New Liverpool signing Darwin Nunez has been compared to Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Anfield legend Ian Rush by Liverpool TV pundit Jason McAteer. The Uruguayan ran riot against RB Leipzig scoring four times, his first goals for the club since joining in the summer. Nunez arrived in Liverpool last month in a £64million deal from Benfica. He has big boots to fill on Merseyside having arrived  as a replacement for the legendary Sadio Mane who left the club to join Bayern Munich. He has so far struggled to impress in pre-season having failed to hit the net in friendlies against fierce rivals Manchester United and Crystal Palace. However he properly announced his arrival in the Leipzig friendly, scoring four times during the match in Germany. Now Liverpool TV pundit McAteer has showered praise on the 23-year-old highlighting his pre-season improvement and comparing him to legendary swede Ibrahimovic. JUST IN: Tottenham and Arsenal in driving seat as Zaniolo swap deal rejected “For a striker he needs goals,” the former Liverpool midfielder explained. “He’s not a defender, a midfielder. They need goals. Against Manchester United, he ran around – burnt all the oxygen inside the two minutes. “He never recovered. He was better against Palace. But the goals were coming and tonight, he was excellent. He is an out-and-out striker. I see shades of Zlatan Ibrahimovic in him, shades of Ian Rushy.” Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp has also been keen to talk up the performance of his new striker after the pressure he has found himself under as a result of his high profile move. The German suggested that he will now feel more free to add to his goals against Leipzig. "The box of Pandora was opened,” the 55-year-old joked. "That's of course the perfect night for him." DON'T MISSMan Utd boss Erik ten Hag can sign very own Darwin Nunez for cut-price £45m transfer feeMan City boss Pep Guardiola sets record straight on 'Neymar swap deal offer' from PSGArsenal decide next two signings after agreeing Oleksandr Zinchenko transfer deal The former Borussia Dortmund manager was also keen to highlight the generosity of star player Mohamed Salah in offering Nunez the chance to open his account. The Uruguayan’s first goal came via a penalty given to him by the Egypt captain. "I'm not sure if it's in his new contract with a clause or just being generous like hell, gives Darwin the penalty.” Klopp laughed. Liverpool are set to face RB Salzburg in another friendly next Wednesday, before going head-to-head with Manchester City in the Community Shield three days later. They will then finish their pre-season action against Strasbourg next Sunday.