The Duchess of Cornwall reportedly spent £850,000 on Grade II listed Ray Mill House in Lacock, Wiltshire. The property is a 30 minute drive away from Highgrove House, the countryside home Camilla now shares with the Prince of Wales. Royal fans have been offered a chance to look inside Camilla's private home with the publication of a set of photographs taken by the Duchess of Cambridge at Ray Mill House. Kate took a set of cover photos ahead of Camilla guest editing Country Life magazine. In one of Kate's photographs, Camilla appears seated on a wooden bench in the garden of Ray Mill House. Dressed in a blue, floral dress matched with a cardigan, Camilla holds onto the handle of a garden trug filled with flowers.  The Duchess of Cornwall beams at the camera, looking relaxed and at ease in her country retreat. Behind-the-scenes pictures of the photo shoot taken by Camilla's country dresser Shona Williams have also been published online ahead of publication of the special edition. Country Life's managing and features editor Paula Lester told the magazine: "The Duchess of Cambridge took our cover images at the request of our Guest Editor, The Duchess of Cornwall, and we could not be happier with the results. "In fact, the set of images she took was so good that we struggled to choose only three, from which The Duchess of Cornwall made her final selection."  READ MORE ABOUT CPI DATA SHOWING BRITAIN WORST OFF AMONG THE G7 In one behind-the-scene shot, Camilla stands dressed in blue on a lawn at Ray Mill House as Kate bends down to take her photograph. Camilla can be seen smiling towards the camera as keen photographer Kate prepares to capture her image for the July 13 edition of Country Life. Country Life Editor Mark Hedges said: "We are thrilled to have our Guest Editor captured so magnificently by royal photographer The Duchess of Cambridge. "We understand this is the first time a formal portrait of The Duchess of Cornwall has been taken by The Duchess of Cambridge for a magazine and we are honoured to have been chosen to be the first to publish this beautiful image.  DON'T MISS: 'You cannot talk about freedom!' Dr Shola erupts over BLM rights in US [LATEST] Five hospitalised by terrifying e-bike fire as blaze ravages house [REPORT] Pippa and Carole Middleton snubbed after being rejected at Wimbledon [REVEALED] "The photographs are superb and we would be delighted to offer The Duchess of Cambridge another commission!" Ray Mill House was Camilla's main home between 1996 and 2003 when she moved in with Charles at Clarence House in London. The Duchess of Cornwall bought sprawling Ray Mill House after her divorce from first husband Andrew Parker Bowles in 1994. Charles and Camilla first met at a polo match at Windsor Great Park in 1970.  However, both married separately before they got together formally, tying the knot in 2005. Camilla moved in with Charles some years after both she and the Prince of Wales divorced their former spouses Diana, Princess of Wales and Andrew Parker Bowles. Ray Mill House includes an outdoor swimming pool, stables and extensive gardens as well as a set of spacious rooms. Photos taken before Camilla moved in show a red-tiled kitchen complete with blue flooring and an AGA.  The dining room has cream coloured carpeting in one image with a large fireplace and chandelier suspended from the ceiling. A carved alcove in the sitting room leads into a large bay with windows stretching from the floor to the ceiling, leading outside into a garden. Upstairs there is a roof terrace which looks over a garden and provides views to the Wiltshire countryside beyond. Ray Mill House also includes a wood panelled snug room, which, in the photos taken before Camilla moved in, includes a rocking chair, dresser and large oil paintings. 