Meghan Markle, 40, tied the knot with Prince Harry, 37, on May 19, 2018. Although it was the Duchess of Sussex’s Givenchy wedding dress that grabbed all the attention on the day, there was something else that caught people's curiosity. This was Meghan’s choice of car to take the Duchess to St George’s Chapel for the ceremony.  The car in question was a Rolls-Royce Phantom IV. However, this car happened to be the same vehicle used to transport another royal 46 years earlier. This royal was Wallis Simpson. The late Duchess of Windsor travelled in the same car to the funeral of her husband, King Edward VIII, in 1972. Like Meghan, Mrs Simpson was an American divorcee.  READ MORE: Meghan and Harry to spend 'exciting and magical' summer with kids Her marriage to Edward VIII caused the 1936 abdication crisis. The luxury Phantom IV took the Duchess of Sussex to St George's Chapel on her wedding day. This was 46 years after it was used for fellow American Mrs Simpson. Meghan, whose mum Doria had been by her side, had glowed on her wedding day to Prince Harry four years ago. But some pointed out that the use of the car may have been in poor taste, having been used by Wallis to attend the funeral of her husband the Duke of Windsor in 1972.  One person on Twitter wrote: "Meghan had been divorced before, so that's that... Not out of respect but out of disrespect." The Phantom IV is one of 18 cars built by Rolls-Royce from 1950 to 1956. Other models are in museums and other public collections. The Rolls-Royce Phantom IV had been built and delivered to the Queen in 1950 when she was still a Princess. READ MORE: Kate Middleton stays slim with 'most wallet-friendly' exercise It was the first Rolls-Royce owned by the monarch and Prince Philip. The Duchess of Windsor will forever be known as the woman who plunged the monarchy into crisis. Her marriage to Edward in 1937 meant he became the first ever monarch to abdicate. This changed the path of history and eventually led to Queen Elizabeth II ascending to the throne.  Edward abdicated in December 1936 after being told he could not both be King and marry Wallis. He made a BBC broadcast saying he could not do the job of the King "without the help and support of the woman I love". The pair married on June 3, 1937, at the Château de Candé but no members of the Royal Family attended. They kept the titles 'Duke and Duchess of Windsor’ until both parties died. 