Mercedes may be tipped to challenge for their first race win of the season this weekend, but George Russell "will be shocked" if he or Lewis Hamilton are able to battle with Ferrari and Red Bull at Paul Ricard. Mercedes have been playing catch up to Ferrari and Red Bull since the opening race of the season with the package on their W13 off the pace. They've had a change of fortune recently though with the team picking up four consecutive podium finishes. It's still not where Mercedes and Hamilton have been used to in the last few years. This is the longest Hamilton has gone without a single race win in any of his previous 15 seasons. It was way back in 2013 when Hamilton picked up just the solitary race win during his first season at Mercedes before their era of dominance started. The seven-time world champion will be desperate to put that right sooner rather than later and the conditions around Paul Ricard have been tipped to work in Mercedes' favour. Both Red Bull and Ferrari are expecting a much faster Mercedes than last time out in Austria.  But Russell has downplayed his team's chances of taking the top step on the podium on Sunday. "People like to hype up the others so you kind of put a bit of pressure on," he told Sky Sports. "The honest answer is we don't really know. We think we'll be closer than we probably were in Austria." He added: "I think we'll be okay. I don't think we're gonna be quicker than Red Bull and Ferrari.  "If we have an exceptional weekend, we could be within two-tenths if we get absolutely everything right. But I will be shocked if we're any closer than that." Hamilton won't be driving for Mercedes in FP1 with Nyck de Vries taking the Brit's seat. New rules in place for this year require all teams to give rookies a seat in at least two FP1 sessions. Toto Wolff confirmed the change in driver on Wednesday, but it's not yet clear when Russell will step aside. De Vries may well be given the drive again later in the year, but Mercedes could also turn to Frederik Vesti.