Lucas Torreira has returned to London as Arsenal attempt to find a new club for the Uruguay international. Torreira has not played for Arsenal since July 2020 after spending the last two seasons out on loan. The midfielder doesn't appear to have a future at the Emirates. The Gunners were hopeful Fiorentina activated their purchase option of around £12.9million at the end of Torreira's loan last term. However, the Serie A side chose against doing so. Torreira was left frustrated by that decision after making 31 league appearances during his spell at the club. A solution over his future is yet to be sorted and he arrived back in London on Monday morning ahead of a return to the Arsenal training ground. He posted a picture on his Instagram story flying over the capital. Transfer news LIVE: De Jong to Man Utd, Chelsea announcement, Cristiano Ronaldo update  Technical director Edu and manager Mikel Arteta are in charge of transfers at the Emirates. And the duo will need to find a new club for Torreira if he is not a part of their plans. Arteta's side will fly to the USA this week for their pre-season tour. And it now appears Torreira could be part of the travelling squad. Torreira was a favourite with the Arsenal supporters in his first season at the club under Unai Emery. But he has not been able to make an impact under Arteta. Speaking earlier this year, the 26-year-old made it clear he didn't see a future at Arsenal. He told El Telegrafo: "Chances? None. DON'T MISSArsenal set Gabriel price tag but Juventus 'confident' they can agree 'discount' feeMan Utd ‘have two Frenkie de Jong alternatives’ as Christian Eriksen due to fly outLeeds star Raphinha 'euphoric' as he finally closes in on big-money transfer  "From the beginning, they told me that I didn't have a place, so I don't want to stay either because I suffered a lot. It cost me a lot to adapt and my idea is to go to Italy or Spain." Roma have been linked with Torreira and he says there have been conversations with Jose Mourinho regarding a potential move to the Italian club. He told Punto Penal: “Roma is a possibility for me. I spoke with Mourinho a while ago, he’s a coach I admire a lot.” “It’s an opportunity that appeals to me very much. But it’s not easy.” Torreira hasn't been pictured in Arsenal training since September 2020. He is set to be joined back at the training ground by fellow loanee William Saliba, who spent last season at Marseille. 