Writing on Twitter, he said: “Members of the Royal Family having go-to media allies is nothing new, but Camilla has put in more effort than any other when it comes to winning over the British press — even if it has meant keeping some extremely close.” In his blog for Yahoo, Omid told how the public’s opinions of the Duchess of Cornwall have been heavily influenced by social media and Netflix’s popular series The Crown. According to a recent poll on YouGov, only 14 percent of Brits favoured Camilla being named as the Queen Consort.  The story of her affair with Prince Charles has been a talking point for years, and with The Crown re-enacting the controversial relationship, many turned against Camilla. The Crown focuses on Camilla and Charles’ relationship behind his then wife Princess Diana’s back as she battled mental health issues behind the scenes. And according to Omid, the Duchess’ biggest battle is with the younger generation as video platforms like TikTok compare Camilla’s life, fashion and legacy to that of Diana’s. There seems to be an overwhelming support for Prince Harry and Prince William’s mother, the late Princess of Wales, who tragically died in a car accident in 1997.  With another season of The Crown set to air this year, Camilla’s popularity may take yet another blow. Writing for Yahoo, Omid said: “Its depiction of Parker-Bowles as a chain-smoking adulteress and ongoing focus on Diana’s 'three of us in this marriage' has reintroduced a story during which many followers weren't even alive. There’s another season of it coming later this year.” But according to Meghan Markle’s biographer, Camilla has put in even more effort to overcome this negative spin, with Omid writing: “That stark difference between press and public opinion is the result of a carefully orchestrated, behind-the-scenes PR push. “Members of the Royal Family having their own go-to media allies is nothing new, but Camilla has put in more effort than any other when it comes to winning over the influential British press - even if it has meant keeping some of them extremely close. READ MORE: Meghan 'leveraging royal status' in latest move  “Media figures and outlets that have disrupted the lives of many other royals, from Diana and Prince Harry to even herself, have become allies of the duchess—including her close friendship with Piers Morgan and regular cooperative efforts with the Daily Mail.” Former BBC royal correspondent Peter Hunt said: “Camilla has been canny. She’s kept the media close and the Daily Mail even closer.” Prince Charles and Camilla recently hired an editor from the Daily Mail to lead their media relations, leading to even more speculation on the couple’s relationship with the tabloid paper. According to Omid, Operation PB was the first campaign to help Camilla overcome her damaged public image, followed by a low-key wedding in 2005 and years of public appearances to build up her “royal resume”.  DON'T MISS:UK Covid cases surge across Britain: calls for lockdown [INSIGHT]Locals shove fish through holiday cottage letterbox to deter tourism [PICTURES]Alert sounded at 30,000ft as passenger flight issues 7700 'Squawk' [COMMENT] And all of the Duchess’ hard work appears to have paid off, as recent polls this week show she is now number eight on the list of most popular royals. Just today she was spotted celebrating her 75th birthday at a glamorous luncheon with a number of notable guests. The annual event at the National Liberal Club was attended by 120 guests, including Dame Joanna Lumley, Lord Lloyd Webber, and actors Jeremy Irons and Nigel Havers. Others included model Twiggy, Felicity Kendal, Sir Trevor McDonald, and Lucia Santa Cruz who introduced Prince Charles to Camilla in 1971. 