And other things include asking residents for their recommendations of places to visit, owning at least five guidebooks, and doing walking tours of a city with a local guide, according to a poll of 2,000 UK adults. It emerged that 86 percent consider themselves a “culture vulture”, who likes to soak up local sights and experiences on holiday – with over half (55 percent) claiming they are more adventurous while abroad. And 17 percent would even be prepared to try unique food like insects, while nearly one in three (31 percent) try to learn the local language to really absorb a country’s culture when abroad. Adam Kemp, from Audley Travel, which commissioned the research and has put together an Ultimate Culture Vulture’s Travel Bucket List, said: “There are so many amazing cultures and places to visit all around the world. “Travellers get so much more from their trip by embracing the local culture and foods. “More and more people are now avoiding common tourist areas and seeking a more authentic experience – this is the best way to really experience a destination as the locals do.” The research also found 84 percent like to visit off-the-beaten-track locations, while a quarter prefer seeing the more “under-the-radar” landmarks as opposed to the most famous sights. And nearly half (45 percent) have a bucket list of top travel experiences, with the average Brit having already ticked off four of these things. Seeing the Northern Lights, travelling on the Orient Express, and driving Route 66 in the USA, are at the top of the list. And going on safari, riding in a hot air balloon, and doing an off-road trip in a 4x4 are other top activities people would like to do while away. Tracking wildlife in the rainforest, visiting a volcano, and flying in a helicopter also made the top 10 list. Nearly a third (32 percent) think it’s important to have bucket list goals so they have something to aim for, and 28 percent believe it gives a new perspective on life. However, four in ten cite not having enough time as a reason they feel held back from fulfilling their travel goals – while 16 percent believe they are too old. It also emerged 49 percent display trinkets around their home from interesting places all over the world. And while one in five (21 percent) get their holiday inspiration from social media, a third (34 percent) trust recommendations from friends and family, according to the research by OnePoll. Adam Kemp, from Audley Travel, which creates tailored adventures for travellers, added: “Bucket lists are a great way to keep track of the things you would like to do and see all over the world – so it’s great so many people have one, and even better that people are making their way through the list. “There is the perfect itinerary out there for everyone.” TOP 20 SIGNS YOU’RE A “CULTURE VULTURE”: