Manchester United kicked off the Erik ten Hag era in the best way possible, romping to a 4-0 win against Liverpool to start their pre-season tour by lifting the Bangkok Century Cup. Jadon Sancho, Fred, Anthony Martial and Facundo Pellistri netted the goals as United put Jurgen Klopp's men to the slaughter. Ten Hag, who fielded 22 different names as is common in pre-season, will have been impressed with plenty of his players in the rampant victory. Express Sport pinpoints four stars particularly worthy of praise after a memorable outing at the Rajamangala National Stadium. Eric Bailly was one of 10 changes at half-time, and he didn't disappoint as he continues to fight for a place in Ten Hag's plans. United are open to selling the Ivorian centre-back this summer, but his display against Liverpool might make the club more hesitant to offload him. Bailly looked confident in the tackle and on the ball, with his highlight a soaring run through the Liverpool midfield to help create United's fourth. If he can stay fit, he would be a valuable asset for Ten Hag. But whether the Dutchman's mind is already made up, with Lisandro Martinez likely on the way, remains to be seen. JUST IN: Ten Hag slams 'mistakes' in warning to Man Utd despite Liverpool rout There would've been an audible gasp globally when United fans clocked the team news and saw that another manager had preferred the infamous 'McFred' midfield pivot. It was somewhat an audition for both Scott McTominay and Fred for who could line up alongside first-choice target Frenkie de Jong this season, and the latter came out on top. Fred characteristically showcased impressive pressing off the ball and decisiveness on it while he was on the pitch in the first half. His sensational 20-yard lob goal was simply the cherry on the cake of what should be a glistening relationship with Ten Hag. READ MORE: Chelsea's 'deluded' Ronaldo transfer chase as Boehly under scrutiny Zidane Iqbal and Charlie Savage replaced McTominay and Fred at half-time, and neither looked out of place amongst first-team players. The duo were facing Fabinho, Naby Keita and Thiago Alcantara for the final 30 minutes and held their own. But Iqbal particularly caught the eye. The 19-year-old Iraq international was calm and composed on the ball and boasted a wicked turn of speed to get himself out of trouble to find space while pressured by established Premier League stars. He's a hugely exciting talent Ten Hag will undoubtedly rate, and if he doesn't leave on loan this summer, he could be in for game time throughout United's Europa League campaign. Like Bailly, Martial has been another United player in the shop window after a miserable couple of previous seasons. But Cristiano Ronaldo's absence has given him a chance to impress Ten Hag during pre-season, and he couldn't have impressed much more against Liverpool. Martial pressed excellently from the front, and his link-up play complemented United's fluid attack. The Frenchman took his goal against the best one-on-one goalkeeper in Europe expertly and was named Man of the Match. There could be life in the Frenchman's Red Devils career yet... Click HERE to buy the new Man Utd home shirt