On Thursday Belfast marked a dark anniversary when as a city it remembered what became known as “Bloody Friday”. On July 21 1972, in what would become the bloodiest year of what are euphemistically called The Troubles, the provisional IRA planted 20 bombs across the city centre to go off one after each other, thereby causing maximum impact. As innocent shoppers ran from one bomb, they were in fact running towards another one. Nine people died on that day and more than 130 people were injured. Those who died were from across the community in Northern Ireland, men, women and teenagers - such was the indiscriminate nature of the terrorism that day. One of those killed was Stephen Parker, just 14 years old, who ran from door-to-door alerting others to the bombs going off, only to lose his own life in the process. His father, the Reverend Joseph Parker, was only able to identify his son’s body by the box of trick matches in his pocket and the shirt and scout belt he had been wearing. There are some atrocities, in a litany of deaths, during The Troubles that stand out. Bloody Friday is one of those because how could any organisation justify the murder of innocents just going about their everyday business? It was designed to cause pain and death to as many as possible and yet the IRA continue to laud those who planned and executed it, as they do with all their “volunteers”. The glorification of murderers still continues in my part of the United Kingdom to this day and it is disgusting. It is my belief that until legislation is introduced to prevent the lauding of these terrorists then the deification of murderers will continue. It should have been part of the Belfast Agreement, but was not and we are still subjected to Sinn Fein telling us what great fellas these murderers are without recourse. It is so harmful to the bereaved families not to mention the myth making to younger people of criminals being made heroes. On Thursday a commemorative event was held in Belfast to mark the anniversary of the slaughter caused by the Provisional IRA. Families of those murdered were brought together, some for the first time and I do hope that it was a comfort to them all. It is a terrible indictment of the City Council however that the wording on the Order of Service simply stated “The 50th anniversary of the events which took place in Belfast on 21st July 1972”. No mention of terrorism. No mention of the perpetrators. Just the “events” of 21st July. Absolutely shameful. The provisional IRA long ago acknowledged it was responsible for the atrocity yet the City council couldn’t quite bring itself to say it – an obvious example of trying to sanitise what happened in Northern Ireland and indeed across the UK. As the victims' group SEFF said afterwards, “It is one thing for political parties and individual politicians to seek to airbrush the past but a structure of our democracy should certainly not be party to this”. The largest party in Belfast City Council is of course Sinn Fein who continue to justify the actions of the IRA.  DON'T MISS: Liz Truss pledges 'red tape bonfire' of retained EU law [REPORT] Pelosi 'parrots lies' and meddles in Brexit deal 'Existential threat' [REVEALED] Putin under threat as US contemplating America-made fighter jets [LATEST]   Minimising the barbarity of IRA terrorism just makes innocent victims and their families more traumatised and Sinn Fein know this but either continue to do it on purpose to inflict more pain or don’t care as long as they can continue to eulogise the IRA. All the while the woman who wants to be the First Minister of Northern Ireland (even though she will never use the term Northern Ireland), Michelle O’Neill was in the US wining and dining and posing for publicity shots with her allies in the democrats such as Nancy Pelosi. Not a word about the sombre anniversary back in Belfast but rather a trite “I want to be a First Minister for all” while she continues to justify and honour IRA terrorists. Off course Michelle O’Neill could show her good faith in wanting to be the First Minister for all by calling on her former President Gerry Adams to finally co-operate with the police and tell them all that he knows, but I’ll not hold my breath. In the week that we mark 40 years from the Hyde Park and Regent's Park bombings and 50 years since Bloody Friday in Belfast we must keep remembering, because to remember is to honour and unlike the terrorists who planted the bombs, the people who lost their lives deserve to be remembered and honoured and certainly not made the subject of political correctness to spare the blushes of Sinn Fein. If we minimise what the IRA did in Northern Ireland and in other parts of the United Kingdom, then Sinn Fein and their fellow travellers will rewrite what happened during The Troubles and that cannot morally be allowed to happen. 