Speaking about why she wanted to be the next Prime Minister, Penny Mordaunt announced her PM campaign by hailing Margaret Thatcher’s “resolve”. She recounted a story from when she was nine years old and watching the Falklands Task Force sail from Portsmouth as the moment she knew she wanted to be the PM, lauding the “duty and service and sacrifice” of her fellow Britons. Her speech comes as Conservative MP’s take to the ballot box to whittle the eight contenders for leader of the party down to two.    Ms Mordaunt said: “For me, it was when I was nine years old and I was standing on the hot walls in Portsmouth watching the Falklands task force leave Portsmouth harbour. “Now, I did not know much about that scene at nine years old, but witnessing it, as well as Thatcher’s resolve at the time, well I knew my country stood up to bullies. “And I knew that that was important, important enough for some of those warships and my classmates’ fathers not to return home. “I’d seen duty and service and sacrifice for something greater than ourselves and it’s the reason today why people ask me about Britain and our role in the world, I’d say we don’t need a new role in the world.”     Ms Mordaunt launched her leadership campaign with a promise to return to traditional Conservative values of "low tax, small state and personal responsibility". At an event in London, the trade minister pledged to deliver a "relentless focus" on cost-of-living issues, cutting fuel duty and raising tax thresholds. She said she would fix a "broken" Whitehall machine through the "white heat of modernisation" with a "tighter" cabinet. She later brushed off claims that she was less well-known than other candidates, saying "I am the candidate that Labour fear the most". READ MORE: Penny Mordaunt slaps down Beth Rigby Theresa May with bigger hair' [REPORT]    As Ms Mordaunt launched her campaign, frontrunner Rishi Sunak was targeted by supporters of his Tory leadership rivals as the contest turned increasingly bitter. The former chancellor, the frontrunner in terms of declared support from MPs, faced claims from supporters of rival Liz Truss that he implemented "economically damaging" policies while in No 11 and that his campaign has engaged in "dirty tricks" to manipulate the leadership contest. Brexit opportunities minister Jacob Rees-Mogg and culture secretary Nadine Dorries, who are high-profile backers of Ms Truss, led the attack on Mr Sunak's campaign. Mr Rees-Mogg said Ms Truss, the foreign secretary, was "fiscally on the right side of the argument", unlike Mr Sunak. DON'T MISS: Tory candidates' key policies: what are they promising? [INSIGHT] Newsnight: Penny to play ‘hardball’ with EU over hated Brexit deal [REVEAL] Brexiteers may need a 2016 Remainer to carry their banner [OPINION]    A decision on who will be the final two contenders running for leader of the Conservative Party will be made over the next few days. The first round of voting will take place today from 1.30pm to 3.30pm, after Prime Minister’s Questions, with any candidate who fails to get more than 30 votes being removed from the race. Further votes will take place until only two remain, after which a full ballot of around 160,000 Conservative Party members will be asked to deliver a final decision during the summer. The leader will then be announced on September 5 this year, while Boris Johnson retains office as a caretaker in the meantime. READ NEXT: Sunak warned he faces TWO major opponents in battle to PMMordaunt OBLITERATES Rayner in GREATES Labour put-down of all times'Likely to beat Rishi' David Davis gives his verdict on his backingTory leadership contest down to EIGHT as surprise runner crashes outTory leadership LIVE: 'Labour fears me most' Mordaunt launches PM bid 