Vicky Pattison has addressed crash diet culture, branding it "over". Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, the Geordie Shore star, 34, spoke candidly about body acceptance and turning our backs on crash dieting for good. Speaking about crash dieting in time for summer, Vicky claimed that the moment is "over". She said: "It's so over, isn't it? "I don't think you should have to fit in your clothes, I think your clothes should fit you. "And we are learning so much as a society," she added. READ MORE: 'Do miss each other' Pauline Collins on being 'separated' from husband The star went on: "I think those, 'lose 10 pounds in 10 days' and crash diets and shameful articles and stuff where we like to poke fun at people at the beach, it's all over. "That culture is done and now we're far more progressive and accepting and inclusive," she explained. The Geordie Shore personality also addressed Victoria Beckham comment where she labelled thin as "old-fashioned" in a recent interview. Vicky spoke passionately about the importance of body acceptance and embracing how you look. She said: "I don't care what you look like, I don't care whether you're super skinny with itty bitty boobs. "I don't care whether you're really curvy with a gorgeous great big bum, I don't care whether you're toned, tall, tiny, whatever. "Like, being you is attractive, being you is beautiful, and accepting that and celebrating that. "So that's what we need to do," she emphasised. DON'T MISS... 'Not fun' Joan Collins, 89, rushed to hospital in Monaco [INSIGHT]Duncan Bannatyne and wife flee Portugese mansion after wildfires [ANALYSIS]Britney Spears' father Jamie to face deposition on conservatorship [UPDATE] Her comments come after Victoria blasted the "old-fashioned attitude" of wanting women to be "really thin." Vicky explained: "We need to stop putting so much emphasis on the way a woman's body looks and actually just celebrate all shapes and sizes and being really proud of ourselves. "So yeah, I mean I agree with Victoria's sentiment. "I know she's trying to say the right thing but you can be whatever you want. As long as you're happy and healthy," the reality TV star added. Vicky also spoke about the new The Pour Moi x Vicky Pattison Edit. The star said: "I spent years with my boobs falling out the top and my bum cheeks falling out the bottom of bikinis. "So it's really lovely to be working with a brand that not only am I proud to wear, but that also just fits really well as well." The Pour Moi x Vicky Pattison Edit is available from 26th May 2022, exclusively online here.