Manchester United previously prevented Wayne Rooney from reuniting with Phil Jones because they wanted £15million for their No 4, according to reports. The duo were team-mates at Old Trafford for six years. And, now, it’s possible they’ll link up together again the in the MLS with DC United. Rooney was confirmed as DC United’s new boss earlier this month. And, according to the Daily Star, the Manchester United legend is looking bring Jones with him as he gears up for a new managerial challenge in America. It’s claimed Rooney actually wanted to reunite with Jones at Derby, having managed the League One outfit in the Championship last term. But the Red Devils blocked this from happening because they ‘refused to sell him for less than £15m or pay his wages in a temporary deal’. Now, though, Rooney is hoping to succeed where he previously failed. The pair are described as ‘close friends’ having struck up a good relationship during their six years at Old Trafford together. Man Utd transfers: The mouthwatering XI to tackle Brighton with 5 new signings Both players were part of the teams that won the Premier League and FA Cup under Sir Alex Ferguson and Louis van Gaal in 2013 and 2016 respectively. And they were also involved as Jose Mourinho guided United to Carabao Cup and Europa League glory in 2017, too. It’s claimed, however, that both Jones and United will need to compromise in order for a transfer to take place. The 30-year-old defender pockets £120,000-a-week at present, which is more than DC are presently willing to pay him. And Jones has reportedly already made it clear to the United hierarchy he’d happily see out his contract, which is due to expire next year, rather than accepting a pay cut just to get away. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Man Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leave Man Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong United thought the former Blackburn star would become a club legend when he arrived back in the summer transfer window of 2011. But things haven’t worked out for the stalwart, with injuries preventing him from fulfilling his true potential. Rooney, meanwhile, opened up on his decision to return to DC earlier in the week by saying: “I’ve seen a few articles, certainly back in England, on this [being] possibly a backward step in my managerial career. “I really found that a bit disrespectful to this league. “I think as a player, playing in the main [part] of my career at the top level, you can really choose which club you want to go to. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “As a manager I’m at the beginning of that journey. I’m at a point where I have to put the work in. “There isn’t another MLS team I would have gone to. “Of course, I’m an ambitious person, I want to manage at the top level and this is part of that process, in terms of coming here, trying to develop this club, trying to get success here, but also develop myself as a manager.” Regarding Jones, Danny Mills said earlier in the year that he was stunned the England international was still at the club. “To be honest I have no idea how he’s still at the football club,” he said. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. “I know he’s had his injury problems but surely he would want to be getting away and playing. “I just find it bizarre and incredible that he’s still there and hasn’t wanted to leave and go and play, even if that’s a loan deal somewhere. “He clearly was once a fabulous player but we don’t know if he’s still a fabulous player because he hasn’t played much. “He needs to play football, he’s not particularly old. "Get out and play some football." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here