Homes Under the Hammer visited Edinburgh in a recent episode where Martel Maxwell visited a flat in the Haymarket area. The Homes Under the Hammer presenter said: “As locations go, this one is pretty handy because we’re around half a mile from Haymarket station, a mile and a half from Waverley station, so within walking distance to both and you’ve got all the amenities of the West End pretty much on your doorstep and nd we’re in Edinburgh on a beautiful sunny day, so I’m happy.” The property Martel visited was a one-bed ground floor flat in a traditional tenement building. It came with a guide price of £110,000. Martel added: “Now, the not so good news is that the auction catalogue describes it as being currently uninhabitable.” Upon entering the small flat, viewers got to see what it looked like inside. The property has been completely stripped out, with no paint or flooring. Martel said: “This front room is a terrific size, it feels and looks quite solid. You also have double glazed windows. READ MORE: Easy ways to clean stubborn stains from grout without bleach “They look in good condition and that’ll save you on your budget.” In the bathroom, or what could be a bathroom, there were no floorboards or plastering. Who purchased the property when it went to auction? The lucky buyer was Amir who purchased the flat for £117,000. Meeting Amir at the home, Martel was keen to find out what work he was going to do to the flat. He said: “We’re going to keep it a nice open-plan living room/kitchen. DON'T MISS:Five ‘natural’ ways to keep mosquitoes at bay - ‘they hate it’ [EXPERT]Elton John’s private life a stone’s throw from Windsor Castle [COMMENT]Homes Under The Hammer buyer increases house price by £63k - pictures [INSIGHT] “We want to make it as technologically advanced as possible. “LED lighting so low cost in energy bills for the tenants. “We’re now putting the washing machine in the bathroom, making it like a little utility area in the bathroom. “We have budgeted £16,000 to do the full renovation.” With a timescale of eight weeks, Amir said he had contractors to do the work for him. Homes Under the Hammer returned once the flat had been fully transformed to see the new property. READ MORE: Lawn: ‘Quick’ and ‘easy’ jobs you ‘need’ to do now Inside, the hall was now bright and welcoming, with white paint on the walls and doors. The bedroom had been fitted with dark flooring, contrasting nicely with the bright walls. Amir had also fitted clever built-in storage in the corner of the room. The living room had a great makeover too, with matching flooring throughout the flat. The kitchen had been fitted with white cabinets and tiling as well as a stylish grey worktop. Amir said: “It was really important to make the space very homely, bright and positive and I believe we’ve done that.” His initial budget was £16,000, but with a full rewire, kitchen and bathroom, this ended up increasing to £22,000. A local property expert visited the flat to see how much it was now worth. He said: “I think the owner has done a terrific job with this property. I particularly like the open-plan living and kitchen area, which I think will be appealing to the rental market. “I believe this flat would achieve somewhere in the region of £165,000 to £170,000.”