Manchester United are operating on a limited budget this summer as they look to back Erik ten Hag. Frenkie de Jong now looks set to sign, while the club are also optimistic of landing Christian Eriksen and Lisandro Martinez as well. However, given Antony’s price tag is currently too high, the Red Devils may have to act shrewdly. Manchester United want to back Ten Hag. And the Dutchman would ideally like a new forward to help ease the goalscoring burden on Cristiano Ronaldo next term. Ronaldo may still leave United, too, which would also throw a spanner into the works as the new season creeps closer. With most of their budget set to go on Martinez and De Jong, however, it’s feasible the Red Devils will have to look at the free agent market in order to freshen up their attack. So Express Sport will now take a look at three free agents worth considering as United try to land a new forward this summer. Man Utd transfers: The mouthwatering XI to tackle Brighton with 5 new signings A few years ago, United held an interest in Andrea Belotti. This was when Ole Gunnar Solskjaer took charge, with the Norwegian eyeing a move for the Italy international - only to end up recruiting other targets instead. Fast-forward to now, and it’s unclear where Belotti will be playing his football next season. He’s now a free agent after leaving Torino and, according to Italian media, he’s snubbed the chance to move to AC Milan. Belotti would bring experience and nous to United’s frontline, though it’s unclear whether he’d be interested in a move to the Premier League at this point in time. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Man Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leave Man Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong When Paulo Dybala left Juventus earlier in the summer, he was widely expected to move to Inter Milan. However, the San Siro outfit when pulled out of a deal - bringing Romelu Lukaku back to the club from Chelsea on loan instead. That means Dybala is currently in limbo, with United emerging as an interested party over the last few days. He’d offer more dynamism to the Red Devils’ frontline than Ronaldo, while it’s also possible he’d strike up a good connection with the likes of Marcus Rashford and Jadon Sancho. United were turned down by Dybala in 2019 but, now, circumstances could see the Argentina international finally give life in England a crack. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. What a signing this would be. Though Dries Mertens isn’t the player he was, the Belgium international would certainly be a good asset for United if he moved to Old Trafford. He still retains some of his speed and intelligence on the ball and netted a commendable 11 goals from 30 Serie A games last term. Mertens is a player worth United’s consideration, especially given his availability. But they may have to act quickly if they did eye developments from afar, with Leeds and Newcastle currently battling out to sign the veteran. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here So far, Tyrell Malacia remains the only summer signing for United. However, the Netherlands international is expected to be joined at Old Trafford by De Jong after a fee was agreed with Barcelona. United still need to convince the 25-year-old but they’re cautiously optimistic this will be possible. United have also agreed a fee with Ajax for Martinez, too. The Argentina international was previously wanted by Arsenal but, now, a move to Old Trafford and a new challenge in Manchester awaits.