No Time To Die finally hit cinemas in 2021 after years of delays and unexpected pushbacks. The final product was a sensational send-off for Daniel Craig's version of James Bond - but now fans are wondering what will come next. The final stinger of the movie revealed one thing for certain: "James Bond will return." But the official announcement of the next actor taking on 007 will likely not be revealed until later this year. Until then, the Bond odds state Henry Cavill is the most likely actor to take on the role. Cavill is a great choice, to be sure. He has most recently become a household name after portraying Geralt of Rivia in the Netflix series The Witcher. Before that, he went toe-to-toe with Tom Cruise in the Mission: Impossible series. And even long before that, he took on DC Comics' flagship role of Superman. Now, Cavill - who previously lost out on the role of Bond to Craig - has an incredible 5/2 odds on becoming the next James Bond from Ladbrokes, making him the current favourite. However, things could be about to change now that another British star from the Marvel Cinematic Universe is making an appearance: Chiwetel Ejiofor. Ejiofor has most recently starred in the Marvel sequel Doctor Strange and The Multiverse of Madness. The 44-year-old first made a name for himself after portraying Solomon Northup in the biopic adaptation 12 Years a Slave. In recent years he has wowed audiences in Django Unchained, The Lion King, and The Old Guard. And now, his odds have been slashed drastically on becoming the man of mystery. READ MORE: James Bond secrets: Bizarre way Sean Connery prepared for love scenes Ladbrokes have awarded Ejiofor a staggering 5/1 on becoming Bond. This puts him in third place in the 007 running, just two close spots behind Cavill, the frontrunner. Ladbrokes' Alex Apati said: "Henry Cavill continues to lead the way in the race to replace Daniel Craig, but fellow frontrunners are beginning to close the gap, and Chiwetel Ejiofor is the latest name to see his 007 odds slashed after a flurry of interest over the weekend." However, Ejiofor has a big Bridgerton hurdle to hop if he wants to claim the 007 top spot. DON'T MISS...James Bond secrets: Bizarre way Sean Connery prepared for love scenes [INSIGHT]Tom Hardy falls back as bosses hint 007 'reinvention' [INFO]James Bond bosses tried to replace Roger Moore behind his back [NEWS] Regé-Jean Page is currently in second place in the Bond odds, acting as a buffer between Cavill and Ejiofor. Page has become an extremely popular choice for 007 in recent years, as the young, handsome actor has been tipped as an option for Bond bosses a few times. But the actor himself doesn't think much of the Bond rumours. He recently said he was "flattered" by the notion, but believes the fancasting to be nothing more than a "merit badge". Cavill, Page and Ejiofor are joined by some big names in the running, however, namely: Tom Hardy. Hardy has become a fan favourite in recent months as his popularity continues to grow within the fandom. Not to mention, in 2020 rumours hit that the actor was reported "cast as Bond" behind the scenes. Unfortunately, he would not comment on the rumours. Instead, he said: "You know, there's a saying amongst us in the fraternity of acting, and in the fellowship of my peer group, that if you talk about it you're automatically out of the race. So I can't possibly comment on that one! If I mention it, it's gone." Hopefully, fans will find out the truth in the coming months. James Bond No Time To Die is available to stream on Amazon Prime Video now. The rest of the James Bond films are available to rent on Amazon Prime Video.