Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag has already missed out on his priority attacking transfer target this summer, and he's also likely to miss out on his fallback option. But all hope might not be lost in Ten Hag's plan to bolster his front line as the potential answer to his frustrations stares him in the face. The Dutchman wanted to recruit Benfica striker Darwin Nunez as a joint-headliner signing alongside Frenkie de Jong in his first transfer window as United boss. However, bitter rivals Liverpool trumped interest by rapidly sealing an £85million deal for the 22-year-old. Ten Hag's attention turned towards reuniting with Ajax right-winger Antony, who is understood to be keen to join him at Old Trafford. United hoped to secure his services for around £40m, but the Dutch Eredivisie champions' asking price is just one of two significant hurdles. Ajax value Antony at £70m after already losing key first-team players Andre Onana, Noussair Mazraoui, Ryan Gravenberch and Sebastien Haller. And with the Red Devils battling Arsenal for last season's Player of the Year Lisandro Martinez, expected to complete a £43m move to the Premier League, his exit would make the club even less willing to part ways with Antony. JUST IN: Tottenham enter 'final details' in Barcelona talks amid Lingard stance However, even with Nunez and Antony off the cards, United could complete one of the coups of the summer by targeting Ousmane Dembele. The 25-year-old is a free agent after his Barcelona contract expired on Thursday night, with no sign of a new deal meeting his terms on the horizon. Dembele has been heavily linked with a move to Chelsea this summer as Thomas Tuchel looks to reunite with the former Borussia Dortmund star and revolutionise his front three. But a United push to steal him from under their Premier League rivals' noses would be welcomed by large sections of the fan base. READ MORE: Tottenham 'preparing another medical' as Conte's staff on overtime Ten Hag needs attacking reinforcements after Edinson Cavani, Jesse Lingard, and Juan Mata left United as free agents. Mason Greenwood's continued suspension, Cristiano Ronaldo's age and uncertainty over which Marcus Rashford and Anthony Martial will turn up this season have only intensified the need for a new outlet. And with United aiming much of their budget at bolstering Ten Hag's midfield and defence, barring a signing-on fee, Dembele presents impeccable value. Trying to replicate their pursuit of Christian Eriksen, who has an offer on the table to join on a free transfer, would be budget-friendly and finally fill the long-standing void of a left-footed winger.