The warplane sent the signal today as it flew over Sutton on Sea. Its route shows it dropping to some 2,000 feet above sea level.   The 7700 squawk code is designed to alert Air Traffic Control to an aircraft in distress and can often be used to indicate a technical or engineering issue with an aircraft.  Flight tracking platform adsbexchange.com shows the Typhoon looping over the sea near Sutton on Sea, Chapel St Leonards and Skegness at an altitude below 2,500ft with a groundspeed up to 500mph. An RAF Spokesperson said: "During a routine training mission, the pilot of an RAF Typhoon fighter from 41 Squadron, based at RAF Coningsby in Lincolnshire, was alerted to a possible fault in the cockpit.  In line with standard operating procedures, the pilot aborted the training mission and returned safely to base." Before returning to RAF Coningsby the pilot was forced to use some of his fuel to lighten the aircraft for landing, which may account for the activity seen in the skies over the Lincolnshire coast.  The Typhoon model is a fourth-generation, multi-role combat aircraft with its most essential role to provide quick reaction alert in UK airspace. Typhoon detachments have also reinforced NATO defences over the Baltic Sea and Black Sea, according to the RAF.   The Government announced last week that Typhoon fighter jets will be fitted with the world’s most advanced radar as part of a £2.35billion investment. In its announcement, the Government said the state-of-the-art European Common Radar System (ECRS) Mk 2 radar will transform the Eurofighter Typhoon’s control of the air as well as allow the aircraft to simultaneously detect, identify and track multiple targets in the air and on the ground. Minister for Defence Procurement, Jeremy Quin, said: "It’s vital the UK remains at the forefront of military capabilities to be able to deter and defend. "These technological enhancements will maintain the cutting-edge capabilities of Eurofighter Typhoon and help underpin the development path towards the Future Combat Air System."  READ MORE ABOUT A LOTTERY WINNER SCOOPING £195MILLION   Prime Minister Boris Johnson flew in a Typhoon fighter jet from RAF Coningsby last week. Mr Johnson described having taken off like a "vertical firecracker" in a speech at the Farnborough Air Show. He said: "After a while the wing commander said to me, 'Do you want to have a go?' And I said, 'Are you sure, it seems very expensive to me?' We only have 148 of them and they cost £75 million a pop. And he said, 'Don't worry you can't break it.' And I thought, 'Oh well, famous last words'. "So I pushed the joystick right over to the right and we did an Aileron roll and I pulled the joystick right back and we did a fantastic loop the loop and then I did a more complicated thing called a barrel roll and I pushed the stick up and right a bit."  DON'T MISS: Angry Tesco shoppers sign petition complaining about self-service till [REPORT] 'So sad!' Fears erupt after Prince Harry's 'strange' apperance [REVEALED] 'I am coming towards end' Charles braces for huge royal title change [LATEST]  Britain said on Monday it was collaborating with Japan and existing partner Italy on its next-generation fighter jet programme, with joint concept analysis expected to lead to decisions on deeper partnerships by the end of the year. London and Tokyo are reportedly close to an agreement to merge their next-generation Tempest and F-X fighter jet programmes, with the two countries aiming for a deal on a new joint project by year-end. The UK and defence giant BAE Systems said a Tempest demonstrator would fly within the next five years, becoming the country's first combat air demonstrator since the Typhoon nearly 40 years ago. BAE said at Farnborough it will be a piloted, supersonic, aircraft testing a range of new technologies, including integration of stealth compatible features.    Britain wants the new fighter to be in service by 2035 and is pursuing a programme separate from a Franco-German-Spanish plan. As with the UK, both Japan and Italy operate F-35 fighter jets and the nations have undertaken joint exercises together. Richard Berthon, UK Director, Future Combat Air, said Britain was talking to serious countries with serious ambitions to invest. He said talks with Japan were going better than to plan.   Tempest has a Government budget of £2billion until 2025. Other partners include Leonardo UK, MBDA and Rolls-Royce. Britain and Sweden have also signed a memorandum of understanding to work on joint combat air development and acquisition. 