The British Gas Energy Trust was set up in response to the soaring cost of living. The fund is open to people in England, Wales and Scotland, and applicants do not need to be a customer with the energy firm. Grants of up to £1,500 are available, with higher amounts available in exceptional circumstances. To be eligible for the individuals and families fund, the applicant must be looking for a grant to clear an outstanding debt on a current or open gas, electricity or dual fuel energy account in their name. The energy account must involve the person’s main residence. People must have savings below £1,000 and must not have received a grant from the trust within the last two years. READ MORE: UK recession warning as Britons told to take ‘precautionary measures' Only those with an electricity or gas debt of between £250 and £750 can apply. Applicants also need to have received help from a money advice agency prior to making an application. The advice must have been received in the past three months, and proof can be in the form of a letter, a financial statement or an action plan. Proof of household income will need to be provided, including three recent consecutive wage slips or a benefit statement less than a year old. DON'T MISSState pensioners call for end to ‘two-tier’ payment system [INSIGHT]30-year ‘secret tax grab’ continues as ‘potent weapon' lives on [ANALYSIS]HSBC offers £170 in ‘free cash’ to savers - days left to benefit [LATEST] A meter reading for the gas and/or electricity must also be provided by British Gas customers, or a consumer’s most recent gas and electricity bill. The majority of the grant budget is for British Gas customers but others can apply. Other energy providers may have their own customer support fund, so consumers may want to check with their own supplier first. Octopus Energy, Scottish Power and Bulb all offer hardship funds, but eligibility and amounts vary. READ MORE: Scam warning: Santander explains what it'll never do The British Gas Energy Trust also funds advice services across England, Scotland and Wales, to offer help around money and energy debt. These services include help with budget planning, resolving energy debt issues and tips for maximising the use of a household’s income. They can also help with switching energy supplier or tariffs. Other services are available to help people struggling with energy debt. These groups can provide help to people struggling with debt: National Debtline - 0808 808 4000 Step Change - 0800 138 1111 Citizens Advice - 0808 800 9060