The Office for National Statistics (ONS) measured the core consumer prices index at 9.4 percent in the year to June 2022, which has increased from May's rate of 9.1 percent. Prices are now rising far more quickly than wages and Britons may feel the squeeze even more with inflation forecast to hit 11 percent in October when another energy price hike kicks in. Colin Dyer, Client Director at abrdn, said: “Amid rising inflation, the amount of spare cash people have left over at the end of each month is likely shrinking at some rate. "With the Bank of England expecting it to be two years or more before inflation returns to the Government’s 2% target, the nation’s finances could be strained for the sometime. “That’s why it is more important than ever for people to plan ahead and consider ways to mitigate the impact of inflation on their finances. This will be particularly key for those relying on cash savings, like retirees, as they will be seeing those savings lose real term value as inflation increases. “Retirees will need to make smart decisions, whether it be seeking advice or reviewing whether it is time to accept some investment risk, rather than maintaining a deposit strategy, but they will need to act now before it’s too late.”  The Office for National Statistics (ONS) measured the core consumer prices index at 9.4 percent in the year to June 2022, which has increased from May's rate of 9.1 percent. Prices are now rising far more quickly than wages and Britons may feel the squeeze even more with inflation forecast to hit 11 percent in October when another energy price hike kicks in. The continuous increases in inflation over the last couple of months has filled savers and investors with anxiety. Money that is held in savings accounts has not grown much in previous years due to historically low interest rates. However, with the inflation rate on the rise, savings are now in danger of losing value in real terms. Les Cameron, savings expert at M&G Wealth, said: “We now see the inflation peak is going to be higher than earlier predictions. What we don't know is where it will stop and for how long these high rates will be around. "Inflation will hit people in various ways, so depending on your age and lifestyle your reality may seem wholly different. "Those spending a lot of time at home, pensioners for example, or the new army of people working from home, may feel they are experiencing much higher inflation, with increased energy and food prices and, for many, the dramatic rise in the cost of fuel taking their toll. "People may have been feeling the heat over the last few days, but they’ll be feeling it financially when they need to turn the central heating back on in a few months’ time. “The other danger of course is increased inflation without any increase in savings rates means more people with cash savings, or near cash savings such as NS&I will see the continued erosion of their wealth in real terms. “Strict budgeting, dipping into capital savings and perhaps even looking to invest cash savings to try and generate a real return should be on most people’s agendas at present.” Chancellor of the Exchequer, Nadhim Zahawi said: “Countries around the world are battling higher prices and I know how difficult that is for people right here in the UK, so we are working alongside the Bank of England to bear down on inflation. “We’ve introduced £37billion worth of help for households, including at least £1,200 for eight million of the most vulnerable families and lifting over two million more of the lowest paid out of paying personal tax.”