Vladimir Putin's humiliation on the battlefield has continued as Ukraine continues its fightback against Russia. Video released by the Ukrainian Armed Forces showed the 93rd Mechanized Brigade of Ukraine striking a fast-moving Russian T-80 tank. The video shows the tank desperately trying to "slip through the danger zone" as it races through an open road. The Russian T-80 MBT is then struck by an anti-tank-guided missile, prompting it to suddenly stop in its tracks. The missile sparked a huge explosion as smoke billowed from the tank. UA Weapons, which monitors the military campaign in Ukraine, tweeted: "A moving Russian T-80 tank was destroyed by the 93rd Mechanized Brigade of Ukraine in the vicinity of Izium, #Kharkiv Oblast, using an anti-tank guided missile." However, several observers pointed out that the video showed that Russia's tactics were brutally flawed. JUST IN: 'End of the Euro!' European currency in a 'trap' and will 'explode'  @ColumbusDerek tweeted in response: "It is crazy to see so many tanks and APCs utterly alone on the battlefield. "It smacks of a completely disorganized fighting force." @RivetzLarry added: "You have to wonder, where are these solo Russian tanks going? They just meander along till they’re blown up." In another win for Ukraine, Russia was forced to postpone its Navy Day celebrations in occupied Crimea at the last minute.  Sevastopol mayor Mikhail Razvozzhaev said the cancelled parades and celebrations were out of safety after an alleged Ukrainian drone strike on the Black Sea Fleet headquarters. It was reported that the drone injured at least six people. The Black Sea Fleet’s press service said the drone appeared to be homemade and described the explosive device as “low-power”. DON'T MISS: Ukraine LIVE: Humiliating blow for Putin as Russian Black Sea HQ hit [LIVE BLOG]Matt Taylor reveals location of EXACT rainfall over next three days [FORECAST]Princess Anne 'always knew Meghan had short royal shelf-life' [VIDEO]  Navy Day is an annual Russian holiday, and celebrations are taking place across Russia on Sunday. President Vladimir Putin is overseeing events in St Petersburg, his home city. Meanwhile, fighting has escalated in the country's south, with Ukraine’s military claiming that more than 100 Russian soldiers were killed and seven tanks destroyed on Friday. This is part of Kyiv’s counteroffensive with the goal to retake Kherson, the first major city that fell to the Russians. READ NEXT: Lukashenko backs himself into corner as 'wholly dependent' on RussiaRussian Navy Day celebrations collapsed by Ukraine 'homemade drone' Brussels urged to issue visa ban on 'terrorism sponsor' RussiaUkraine LIVE: Humiliating blow for Putin as Russian Black Sea HQ hitPutin cuts gas supplies to Latvia amid European supply crisis 