Patches in lawns can appear for different reasons and it can be a nuisance. While it is recommended to repair lawns in spring or autumn, if weather permits, gardeners can also do small repairing jobs throughout the summer months if it isn’t too hot. One way lawns can be saved is by using turf. The RHS said: “Patches in lawns can appear for a number of reasons, and when they do, it is always advisable to repair them. “Re-seeding, or turfing bare patches will prevent weeds germinating in the patches, and of course, it looks much better.” Using turf To begin, cut out the damaged area of turf in a square, using a half moon edging iron to cut the square and spade to lift it. The RHS added: “Lightly fork over the soil in the base of the removed square. READ MORE: 'Bizarre': Prince Andrew still lives with Sarah in £30m home “Cut out an identical-sized square of healthy turf from another area of the garden where it will not be missed, or use new turf if you have it. “Place the healthy tub over the damaged patch and brush a sandy lawn top-dressing into the crevices between the turves and compress the turf edges with the back of a rake.” The lawn should then be watered in with a watering can fitted with a fine rose. Using seed Gardeners can also repair their lawns using seed. DON'T MISS:How to get rid of common ‘stubborn’ stains using household items [COMMENT]‘Common’ lawn mistakes to avoid this summer - ‘unnecessary stress’ [INSIGHT]Property: Top home improvements buyers could be looking for this year [EXPLAINER] Start by cutting out the damaged area of grass in a square, using a half moon edging iron to cut it and use a spade to lift it up. The RHS added: “Lightly fork over the soil in the base of the removed square. “Sprinkle some crumbly top soil or compost over the base of the removed square. “Scatter the grass seed over the base at a rate of 15 to 25g per square meter if no sowing rate is given on the packet or by the supplier. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans share how to get rid of ants instantly using sugar “Cover the seed with a light sprinkling of top soil or compost to hide it from the birds.” Water it well with a watering can once finished. The RHS continued: “Better results may be achieved by pre-germinating the seed before sowing it. “Add the seed to some moist compost in a bucket and cover with cling film. Place somewhere warm, no higher than 15 degrees celsius. “After three days, check the seed for signs of germination. “If none is seen, check daily thereafter. Once you see small white roots developing, sow the mixture as above.” Repairing lawn edges Lawn edges can also become damaged and the most effective way to fix them is to dig out the damaged area with square cuts on three sides. After preparing the base, turn the damaged square through 180 degrees and replace it. The RHS said: “Replace it so that the cut edge aligns with the lawn edge and the damaged edge is facing inwards. “Cut away the damaged areas and re-turf or re-seed.” Sometimes, repaired patches appear a different colour from the existing lawn. Using pieces of grass from elsewhere in the garden, rather than new turf, can help avoid this problem.