  Bruce Willis hasn’t weighed in on any rumours of infidelity during his marriage towards Demi Moore. However, the actor did previously admit monogamy was something he struggled with in an interview while the pair were still married.      Bruce, 67, spoke about his views on sexuality and “being a man” during an interview in 1996, which was four years before his separation from Demi, 59. "No woman is going to satisfy a man’s natural impulse to procreate, procreate, procreate,” he insisted. “The impulse doesn’t go away because you have three or ten or a hundred kids." He then went on to describe men as being like "donkeys wanting to f*** everything.”     Bruce added: "If you’re heterosexual and you are honest, you must admit that the first thing that comes to mind when you look at a woman is, ‘Hey, I’d like to f*** her.’ "It’s programmed in our genetic map. You’re not thinking, Oh, there’s a good child bearer. “I could have a good brood of apes with her. It’s unconscious. “All you’re thinking is, Mmmm, yes. I’ll take you and you…" he told Playboy at the time.     Bruce and Demi were married for 13 years between 1987 and 2000. The pair share three children: Rumer Willis, 33, Scout Willis, 31, and Tallulah Willis, 28. Bruce also shares daughters Mabel Ray Willis, 10, and Evelyn Penn Willis, eight, with his wife Emma Heming Willis, whom he married in 2009. Demi said that, during their marriage, Bruce wanted to be free "to do whatever the f*** he wanted to do”. READ MORE:Richard Madeley's daughter Chloe shares struggle during pregnancy [INSIGHT]John Cleese leaves BBC interview over line of questioning [UPDATE]Demi Rose puts bottom on full show in racy starfish bikini [REVEAL]     In her 2019 autobiography, Inside Out, she claimed Bruce would have preferred her to be a stay-at-home mum. She wrote that he had once told her: "This is never going to work if you're off shooting a film." Demi also claimed that when she got her big break after landing the lead role in the film Ghost, Bruce told her he “didn’t know if he wanted to be married”, leaving her devastated. In her autobiography she suggested that, while she was of no doubt that Bruce loved their three children dearly, he was quite indifferent to their marriage.      "I think both of us from the outset were more passionate about having kids than we were about being married,” she reflected. After their separation, Bruce made no secret of the fact that he was excited to start seeing lots of women again. He told the Daily Mail at the time: “The bachelor thing is terrific. I love women. “You know how guys look at women and go, 'Ooh, wow!' I'm still that guy."   