Sandringham Flower Show is one of the most prestigious horticultural events in the East of England. Now in its 139th year, it is much more than just a Flower Show. It is a unique event offering not only the best in horticulture but also an excellent day out, filled with family entertainment.  Set in the magnificent surroundings of Sandringham Park with Sandringham House and Sandringham Church as a backdrop, this one-day Show attracts around 20,000 visitors each year. From the beginning, the show has been privileged to enjoy Royal patronage and traditionally the Royal Patron attends the show. Many of the region’s leading nurseries and horticultural specialist’s exhibit. In addition to these displays the show features display gardens by leading designers, around 200 trade stands (both horticultural and general), a craft marquee, main arena events, children’s entertainment, and a military band.  The Royal marquees contain the competitions in vegetables, fruit, flowers, and floral art, with the entries grown by local residents; there are also some open classes which anyone may enter. In the amateurs’ marquee, local gardening and horticultural clubs enter a judged display competition, whilst the Horticultural Trades marquee features displays by leading nurseries. The Gardeners’ Forum is the venue for gardening talks by top television gardeners Chris Beardshaw and Alan Mason, who are joined by Martyn Davey, former Head of Horticulture & Design at Easton College, and radio gardener and allotment expert Terry Walton. Nick Hamilton from Barnsdale Gardens will also be present.  READ MORE: Pippa Middleton to follow in sister's footsteps with new title The Gardeners’ Forum culminates in a Gardeners’ Questions event. The group has around a dozen members around East Anglia. Many have created a colourful display of flowers grown in the region in one of the Royal Marquees. A member Jenna Walker said: “If you buy flowers from the supermarket, they very often have one of the highest carbon footprints of anything in the shop. “If you buy roses from Africa, they're grown with all kinds of chemicals, they're flown here in refrigerated planes.”  DON'T MISS:GB news: ‘Mess up!’ Macron ‘failed’ in manning Dover borderTrain strikes LIVE: 'Do not travel' TWO new strike days announcedUkraine urges citizens to share 'where Russian troops live' ‘Flower from the Farm’, which has around 1,000 member growers, says 90 percent of flowers sold through florists, supermarkets and wholesalers are imported not just from Holland, but flown in from growers as far afield as Ecuador, Colombia, Kenya and even Ethiopia.