Tiger Woods looked uncomfortable as he limped around at the Open Championship on Thursday. Commentators reflected on the 'sad' situation as Woods struggled, with the American still on a remarkable comeback trail following his horror car crash in February 2021. The 46-year-old was seen limping after he teed off at the sixth, with pundits commenting on how the legendary golfer had hit a couple of wayward shots to the left. Woods double-bogeyed for the second time of the day on the sixth hole, taking him to six over on his round. One of Sky Sports' commentators admitted it was 'alarming' and getting 'sad' to watch as Woods' struggles got worse on the sixth hole. Woods is still completing an incredible return to golf just 18 months ago. The three-time Open champion had to be extricated from the wreck of his vehicle after he crashed while driving at over double the 45mph speed limit. He triumphantly returned at the Masters earlier this year - the first time he had competed in 17 months. Woods performed admirably as he limped around Augusta, and was positive about his chances of being at further tournaments despite frequent rumours of his potential retirement. JUST IN: Patrick Reed risks angering rivals as rebel wears three LIV Golf logos Meanwhile, Woods has hit out at golf’s rebels who have joined LIV Golf, the tour funded by the Saudi Arabian Public Investment Fund. he also took aim at CEO Greg Norman. “I don’t understand it. What is the incentive to practice and earn it in the dirt?’ DON'T MISS...Phil Mickelson causes outrage at The Open with LIV golfer snubbedDeath of man found on train tracks near golf club is 'suspicious'Ian Poulter booed at The Open as LIV golfers face hostile reception “I know what the PGA Tour stands for and what we have done and what the Tour has given us, the ability to chase after our careers and to earn what we get and the trophies we have been able to play for and the history that has been a part of this game. “I know Greg tried to do this back in the early '90s. It didn't work then, and he's trying to make it work now. I still don't see how that's in the best interests of the game. What the European Tour and what the PGA TOUR stands for and what they've done, and also all the professional – all the governing bodies of the game of golf and all the major championships, how they run it. I think they see it differently than what Greg sees it.’’ Asked about Norman, Woods added: “Greg has done some things that I don’t think are in the best interest of our game.’’