The ever-changing Bond odds have been the topic of conversation in recent weeks. Daniel Craig stepped down from the role of James Bond last year following the release of No Time To Die. And since then, many actors have been suggested as good candidates to take over from the actor. Included in this list are a number of actresses, including Charlize Theron, Scarlett Johansson, and many more. But one crucial person from Bond's history is against a woman taking over from Craig. Ana de Armas joined the James Bond franchise in No Time To Die as Paloma, a young agent on her first mission. She joined Bond in a brief but action-packed scene in Cuba where she outplayed 007 in a battle against Spectre. But de Armas doesn't think she - or any other woman - should take over as Bond now Craig has stepped down. "There's no need for a female Bond," she said in a new interview. de Armas has a booming career at the moment. Not only did she star in No Time To Die, but she also joined Craig in Knives Out and Ben Affleck in Deep Water. Later this year she takes on the role of Marilyn Monroe in a Netflix biopic. Speaking about a female Bond, she said: "There shouldn’t be any need to steal someone else’s character, you know, to take over. This is a novel, and it leads into this James Bond world and this fantasy of that universe where he’s at." (Via The Sun) She went on to hit out at the female characters that currently feature in the Bond universe. READ MORE: Next James Bond: 'Clear favourite' Idris Elba has great shot at role de Armas explained she would like to see female roles in the future Bond movies brought to life "in a different way". In recent years the "Bond Girls" have received criticism for doing nothing other than looking pretty and dying. Paloma is the latest in a short list of female characters who have bucked this trend, but more can still be done. de Armas added: "That they’re given a more substantial part and recognition. That’s what I think is more interesting than flipping things [to a female Bond]." The actress' opinion is shared by a number of Bond executives, as well. DON'T MISS...Next James Bond: 'Clear favourite' Idris Elba has great shot at role [NEWS]James Bond was changed by Sean Connery after Ian Fleming's disapproval [INFO]James Bond Roger Moore 'threw chair at wall' in Bond girl feud [INSIGHT] Barbara Broccoli, one of the Bond bosses, recently spoke out about the gender of 007. She said: "James Bond can be of any colour, but he is male." The 62-year-old boss added: "I believe we should be creating new characters for women - strong female characters. I'm not particularly interested in taking a male character and having a woman play it. I think women are far more interesting than that." Former Bond himself Craig agreed, as well. Last year Craig said: "The answer to that is very simple: There should simply be better parts for women and actors of colour. Why should a woman play James Bond when there should be a part just as good as James Bond, but for a woman?" And even Craig's wife, Rachel Weisz, agrees. She said in 2018: "Why not create your own story rather than jumping onto the shoulders and being compared to all those other male predecessors?" The 52-year-old added: "Women are really fascinating and interesting, and should get their own stories." James Bond No Time To Die is available to stream on Amazon Prime Video now. SOURCE