Fans took to Twitter to react to Sir Cliff Richard singing acapella during the BBC's Wimbledon Centre Court centenary celebration coverage. Several fans cringed as Sue Barker's former flame made a rendition of Summer Holiday, before John McEnroe joked at Barker by attempting to bring up the presenter's former relationship with the singer before he was shut down and Barker attempted to move the programme along. One fan tweeted: "And my first ever live Cliff Richard performance! Probably my last, to be fair." Another said: "Just watched the Wimbledon crowd sing along to summer holiday with Cliff Richard and I've never been as ashamed to be British in me life." Fans seemed to enjoy McEnroe poking fun at Barker, with one tweet saying: "John McEnroe baiting out Sue Barker as well legend #Wimbledon." While she did take the joke well, one watcher believed she was not impressed with the joke. "Sue Barker about to punch John McEnroe. We love to see it" JUST IN: Wimbledon fans accused of watching Nick Kyrgios 'for wrong reasons' "John McEnroe trying to remind everyone that Sue Barker used to be Cliff Richard’s girlfriend," one Twitter user wrote while adding laughing emojis. Though fans were unimpressed with Richard's singing. "Cliff Richard singing at Wimbledon," another fan added. "Cue play with phone or doing anything to deal with the cringe overload!" This was not the first time Richard has performed at Centre Court, in 1996, during a lengthy rain delay in the days before there was a roof, he entertained the crowd with a few a cappella songs including 'Summer Holiday'. Martina Navratilova and Pam Shriver even joined him as back-up singers. DON'T MISSNadal sends message to Federer after causing a storm at WimbledonNick Kyrgios refuses to apologise for Wimbledon outburst vs TsitsipasKyrgios slams 'not liked' Tsitsipas and fires shots after 'circus' Serena Williams, who was knocked out in the first round of her comeback at Wimbledon, was not in attendance during the champions parade and one fan had a theory as to why that was. "Serena Williams had a tip of about Cliff Richard singing acapella and called in sick." At the parade there was a huge roar for Andy Murray, Venus Williams, Billie Jean King and Novak Djokovic. The biggest cheer, however, is reserved for eight-time Wimbledon champion Roger Federer. Speaking on court, Federer said: "I've been lucky enough to play a lot of matches on this court. It feels awkward to be here today in a different type of role. It's great to be here with all the other champions. This court has given me my biggest wins and my biggest losses. I hope I can come back one more time. I've missed it here. I knew walking out here last year, it was going to be a tough year ahead. I maybe didn't think it was going to take this long to come back - the knee has been rough on me.