Homes Under The Hammer presenter Martin Roberts has taken to social media to express his fury after the Paddington Bear statue was moved when the Central London station incorporated the Elizabeth line. Speaking in a video shared with his 21,000 followers, Martin raged over the “rubbishy” location chosen for the statue. The TV star called on his fans to help him get the statue moved back to its previously historically relevant place inside the station. Filming himself in a busy Paddington Station, Martin said: “I’m just at Paddington station and there’s something really important that I need your help to sort out. “Paddington Bear, as you know, was discovered by Mr and Mrs Brown in Paddington station. “And for years, there has been a Paddington statue underneath the clock over there, where Paddington was first found. “When they opened the Elizabeth line, they decided - in some mad idea - that they would move Paddington to here - in this rubbishy little area, away from everybody.” Martin continued: “So, I don’t know who made this decision. “I know there are bigger problems in the world, right? But I think this is rubbish. “And so, help me complain to get Paddington moved back to where he should be, which is over there by the clock, which is where he was found.” In the caption, Martin wrote: “I know there are more important issues in the world…but …The Paddington Bear statue at Paddington station has been moved to a TERRIBLE location. “Can you help me get it moved back to where Paddington was first found by Mr & Mrs Brown? #movepaddingtonbear @paddingtonbear @gwruk” Other social media users threw their support behind Martin as they took to the post’s comments section to share their outrage over the decision. Stilla1408 said: “That is criminal putting him there! DONT MISS:'Not fun' Joan Collins, 89, rushed to hospital in Monaco [UPDATE]Jennifer Garner goes shoeless during stroll with son after accident [INSIGHT]Pussycat Dolls star Ashley Roberts, 40, puts on braless display [LATEST] “You cant out Paddington in the corner!!” (sic) Anthony.chopra commented: “I can see it defiantly would not catch many peoples eyes & it would get noticed less. “Hopefully they can move it back to its original location home.” Tracydenisehine added: “Defo up for getting it put back.” (Sic) Mr.mrs_gregory typed: “Absolutely agree with! I’m sure Her Majesty will agree too!!” Earlier this year, Martin suffered a health scare that left him just "hours from death". Back in April, Martin was rushed to hospital with chest pains, leading to emergency surgery to save his life. He said in a video from the hospital ward for his Twitter followers that the incident had been a “bit of a shocker”.