Paul Merson has labelled Liverpool fan favourite Thiago "very inconsistent" as the Arsenal icon launched a scathing attack on the Reds' midfield. The ex-Gunner declared he feels Jurgen Klopp has a "big problem" on his hands and admitted he fears the German's failure to land a world-class player for that position this summer will prove costly as he did little to endear himself to Liverpool's fanbase.   The Reds were expected to a recruit a young and dynamic midfielder in the current window in order to help close the gap to Manchester City who continue to dominate the Premier League. However, having missed out on Aurelien Tchouameni to Real Madrid earlier in the summer, Klopp is understood to have postponed plans to sign a new midfield maestro until next year. According to Arsenal star Merson, who himself excelled in the centre of the park back in his playing days, that decision could prove costly in the upcoming campaign, as he branded Liverpool's current options as "not really good enough". The 54-year-old then went on to offer up individual criticism regarding a number of the Reds' current midfield options, including fan favourite Thiago. "Liverpool have a big problem at the heart of their team and they're in danger of underachieving this season," Merson wrote in his latest Daily Star column. "For me they could have done with signing a world class midfielder this summer. JUST IN: De Jong ‘rejects Man Utd offer’ with Barcelona transfer deal unlikely  "I worry for them in midfield. They are very reliant on Fabinho. Beyond him you've got Jordan Henderson, James Milner and Thiago really. I think they are just getting by there with that group, and that's not really good enough for a club like Liverpool. "Because the full backs are creating and the forwards are scoring, you don't notice it so much but it's not like it used to be. Liverpool's midfield used to be the key to it all. It was a well-oiled machine that had everything and allowed the rest of the team to function. "But Henderson is getting on now. Thiago for me is very inconsistent. Milner has been a warrior for them but is 36. And they've never been able to rely on Naby Keita. DON'T MISSSterling's Liverpool "regret" indicates that future transfer possibleNewcastle receive Marco Asensio boost to beat Arsenal and LiverpoolLiverpool's Sterling transfer chase proves Klopp wants another player  "Curtis Jones looks like a real talent but is he ready to play big minutes in a team that wants to win the title? I think they are weaker in midfield than they have been for a while. That might be the thing that makes the difference." Thiago in particular was revered for his role within the Reds trophy charge on all four fronts last season. The Spaniard, who joined for just £20m, was considered by many the metronome within Klopp's midfield and proved instrumental as Liverpool claimed the League Cup and FA Cup last season.  