Graham Mansfield, 73, said he and his wife of more than 40 years Dyanne had agreed that he would kill her when her terminal cancer got "too bad". A court heard Mrs Mansfield, 71, had been diagnosed with lung cancer and became "weaker and weaker", so her spouse told her he "couldn't live without her" before carrying out "the pact". But Mr Mansfield was soon found lying in the kitchen of their home in Hale, Greater Manchester, and his wife was slumped in a chair at the bottom of the garden. A note left nearby addressed to police read: "We have decided to take our own lives." Manchester Crown Court heard Mansfield "had a perfect relationship" with his partner until her cancer diagnosis in October 2020. It "turned their lives upside down," reports Manchester Evening News. Speaking to police after the killing, Mansfield said: "Dyanne said 'when it gets too bad, don’t leave me to go into hospital. Please do something about it, kill me'. I said 'Dyanne I can’t live without you', and on that day we made a pact that I would do the killing, because Dyanne wouldn’t be able to. "She said 'I’ve had enough, I can’t take anymore. "I said to her, Dyanne it sounds macabre, it sounds horrible, how can I ever dream of killing the woman you love? I just want to be with you forever." And in March 2021, the couple attempted to carry out the pact but, though Mrs Mansfield died, her husband failed to kill himself in their garden. He was found guilty of manslaughter today after a jury deliberated for just 90 minutes. Mansfield was acquitted of murder. The judge had told jurors they had to be sure Mansfield used unlawful violence which caused the death of his wife, and that he intended to kill her. The former baggage handler at Manchester Airport will be sentenced later today. The jury was told Mansfield called 999 himself after slitting Mrs Mansfield's throat. "Every fibre of my body was saying not to do it," the defendant told jurors. "Another part of me was saying 'Dyanne’s in so much pain, she wants to die'. I was standing behind her, I put my knife to her throat and cut it as quickly as I could." Mr Mansfield said he then attempted to take his own life "several times", but failed.  Mansfield passed out only to wake up later. He told officers: "I was still alive, how can this be? It isn’t fair. "I didn’t know how I was alive." Mansfield said he tried to kill himself again but failed. In a 999 call made at 9.14am on Wednesday, March 24 last year, while lying in a pool of blood in the kitchen, Mansfield told the operator: "My wife has got terminal cancer, and we had made a pact to kill ourselves. I think I have killed my wife, and I have tried to kill myself and it's all gone wrong." Police were then met with an "extraordinary" scene. One officer believed Mr Mansfield was dead until saw his hand 'flicker'. "He was limp, I thought he was dead once I got there," PC Claire Jones said. "He was lifeless. "He was upset, he kept saying 'please just leave me to die'." Police found that Mansfield had previously made Google searches about other methods of suicide. "I loved her so much," Mansfield said of his wife. Two notes were recovered by police, which Mansfield said had been written with the agreement of his wife. A note left under a brick in the garden said: "We have decided to take our own lives. "Our house keys are in my jacket pocket. My sister has keys for our place." While a note in the kitchen addressed to his family said: "We are so sorry to burden you with this but there is no other way. When Dyanne was diagnosed in late Sept we made a pact. "I could not bear to live without Dyanne. As the months progressed and things got worse it only reinforced our decision. "The time has now arrived and we hope that you will all understand. Thanks for all your help over the past months, it was appreciated by the pair of us. "Don’t be too upset. We have had a wonderful and happy life together."   