England's Lionesses received a boost during the Changing of the Guard yesterday ahead of the Euro 2022 Final at Wembley Stadium. The Queen's Guards, who played Three Lions ahead of England's heartbreaking penalty shootout defeat against Italy last year, were filmed performing Neil Diamond's hit 1969 single Sweet Caroline. Despite being used by MLB side Boston Red Sox since 1997, Sweet Caroline is a fan favourite among both English and Northern Irish football supporters. The song has also aptly captured England's route to the 2022 European Championship Final. Supporters belted out Sweet Caroline after the Lionesses roared into their first final since 2009 by mauling Sweden 4-0 in front of 28,624 people at Bramall Lane on Tuesday. However, the Band of the Grenadier Guards and the Band of the Coldstream Guards also played the Match of the Day theme tune and other football anthems during their medley outside Buckingham Palace on Saturday. JUST IN: Prince Harry and Meghan will be forced to 'give up' royal titles ahead of Duke's memoir In a social media post, the Royal Family uploaded the video with a caption which read: "There was some special music at today's Changing the Guard... "Wishing the very best of luck to the Lionesses in the Women's Euro 2022 final tomorrow!" The British Army in London added: "Well done and good luck to the Lionesses." The Lionesses could become just the second English side to win a major international trophy and follow in the footsteps of the men's 1966 side which beat Germany 4-2 if they emerge victorious at Wembley later today. However, Germany, the eight-time European champions, stand in the way of Sarina Wiegman's side. They joined England in the final after captain Alexandra Popp bagged a brace to see off France at Stadium MK on Wednesday. Germany have had the upper hand against England in recent years, with the Lionesses' last final appearance in 2009 ending in a 6-2 defeat. England have also won just two out of 27 meetings with the Germans. DON'T MISS:Harry and Meghan warned 'everything rests of his book' [INSIGHT]Queen could 'intervene' to ensure Harry and Meghan visit Balmoral [ANALYSIS]Meghan McCain slams Prince Harry over Constitution attack [VIDEO] However, the Lionesses came out on top when Ellen White, Millie Bright and Fran Kirby helped the side claim a 3-1 victory in their most recent clash at Molineux in February. The Women's European Championship Final will kick off at 5pm and will be shown live on BBC One.