Former Liverpool midfielder Danny Murphy has questioned why Manchester United want to sign Christian Eriksen in a lengthy rant about the proposed transfer. Eriksen is claimed to have verbally agreed to join the Red Devils on a three-year contract worth £150,000 a week. Murphy is a fan of Denmark international, who left Brentford when his contract expired on June 30. However, he does not think he is world class and does not expect him to be a regular under Erik ten Hag. Murphy said on talkSPORT: "I really like Eriksen, I've always admired him in terms of his creativity and the way he plays. He's free with his football, he tries things, he's good at set plays, he's got two good feet. "But would it excite me if I was a United fan? He's going to be a squad player isn't he. He's not going instead of [Bruno] Fernandes. Transfer news LIVE: Ronaldo to Chelsea, Man Utd medical, Arsenal submit new bid  "No, world class? Eriksen? No. No, no, no." Murphy can understand why Eriksen has chosen to join a club the size of United. However, he says it will not bring United any closer to the likes of Liverpool and Manchester City above them. He continued: "He is a welcome addition to any squad because he has experience and he has quality. But if you're looking at the big games when United compete against Liverpool, City and Chelsea, is he going to play in their first XI? No. DON'T MISSMaurizio Sarri 'wants two Chelsea players' in Lazio swap deal after '£47.3m Arsenal offer'Lisandro Martinez 'gentlemen's agreement' emerges as Arsenal and Man Utd compete for dealTottenham 'ask about signing second Barcelona player' during Clement Lenglet negotiations  "For Eriksen it's a wonderful opportunity for him to be at a huge club again. I understand why he would go there. "I understand why the draw of Manchester United would get him over the line. But in the cold light of day, if they want to be competitive against Liverpool, City and Chelsea, or even just Liverpool and City, that's not the type of signing United should be making. "He could change a game, yeah, that's fair, he could come off the bench and change a game. But is he going to bring United closer to Liverpool and City? No, nowhere near it. "This is Man United, let's not forget, Man United. Is he better than Fernandes? No. Is he going to play in their first XI? No.  "Is he a welcome addition and a good squad player? Yes. Should I be happy as a United fan? No." Murphy says Eriksen will have belief he can work his way into Ten Hag's XI if players suffer injuries. However, he's steadfast in his opinion that it is not a major signing for United. Murphy concluded: "As a player you know what he's probably thinking, 'if I get there and showed my quality and there's an injury or two, I will play in the big games, and I have a chance of playing in some of the biggest games of the season'. And that's fine, I get it from [his point of view], I said it from the off. "You asked me would you be excited as a United fan? I'd be underwhelmed by it."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here