Tory leadership contenders have been urged to fulfil a key Brexit promise of ditching an “impoverishing” EU policy that has reportedly worsened the food crisis and led to soaring costs. According to a new YouGov poll, a majority of Conservative voters (52 percent) back British farmers’ demand that the UK ditch the European Union’s Common Agricultural Policy (CAP), a key Brexit promise.  CAP is an EU subsidy scheme that British farmers and experts argue has promoted bad agricultural practices, which decreased productivity and kept farmers further away from achieving net-zero goals. As part of the Government’s Brexit promises, the CAP was supposed to be replaced by the Environmental Land Management Scheme (ELMS), which pays farmers more fairly, and incentivises them to look after the environment, animal welfare, and pollution levels. The survey, commissioned by Green Alliance, showed that 52 percent of 2019 Conservative voters and 49 percent of 2019 Liberal Democrat voters support a subsidy system based on environmental and animal welfare improvements. In contrast, only 11 percent of Conservative and Labour voters, and 12 percent of Liberal Democrat voters support keeping the EU subsidy system.  Given that it was a key Brexit promise, 51 percent of Leave voters and 52 percent of over 65s also support subsidy reform. But despite strong support for the policy, the UK has paused the ELMS rollout, as the recent Food Strategy white paper showed In April, farmers from across the UK wrote to environment secretary George Eustice demanding that ELMS be implemented immediately. Critics including the Nature Friendly Farming Network dispute the government’s assumption of a trade-off between food production and climate-friendly farming, saying that output can still be increased under environmental reforms"  READ MORE: Lurpak in horror warning as UK ‘on the edge’ of crisis If the output is increased by introducing the ELMS, this production boost could help lower food costs, as annual grocery bills are going to jump by £380 this year, with food price inflation hitting a fresh 13-year high. Dustin Benton, Policy Director at Green Alliance said: “Voters across the country back pro-nature farming reforms – they want a revitalised countryside which has space for nature to thrive, with payments to remove carbon and create habitats. “They don’t want to go back to a scheme we inherited from the EU that even the EU has ditched. “The results of this poll should spur Government to expand its most ambitious ELM schemes, landscape recovery and local nature recovery, so farmers and land managers can profit from restoring nature” DON'T MISS: New Covid mutant raises concerns as calls for restrictions gain motion [REVEAL] Putin launches attack on Norway after key supplies blocked [INSIGHT] Heat pump HELL as engineer shortage threatens to delay installation... [REPORT] Anthony Curwen, England Chair of the Nature Friendly Farming Network said: "What this data shows is that there is broad cross-party support for reforming our agricultural industry to be more environmentally friendly. “There doesn’t need to be this trade-off between different priorities in farming; we can boost output while being effective stewards of the land. “The government must understand this and stick to their promise of reform sold to farmers in 2016." 