The England captain Leah Williamson and star striker Beth Mead are reportedly in line to be honoured if they are victorious, which would be the first major trophy for England in football since their 1966 World Cup win. Beth Mead is currently the top goal scorer in the tournament, scoring six goals including the first one against Sweden in the semi-final.  The Lionesses trounced the Swedes 4-0 at Bramall Lane and are set to face Germany in the final at Wembley Stadium. According to The Telegraph, Ms Williamson and Ms Mead could be in line for an OBE, MBE or CBE if they beat the Germans. Ms Mead is also likely to win the Golden Boot if she remains the top goalscorer. Their Dutch coach Sarina Wiegman would also be eligible for recognition from Her Majesty were it not for her nationality.  While she could yet be honoured if both she and the Netherlands agree to it, Ms Wiegman has already been made a Knight of the Order of Orange-Nassau in her own country. She was bestowed with the title after coaching Holland to victory in Euro 2017. Sunday’s showdown will mark the first time the Lionesses have reached a Euros final since 2009.  READ MORE: England to face Germany in Euro 2022 final as France crash out Speaking after Tuesday night’s semi-final, Ms Mead said in the post-match press conference that she was “super proud to be English”. She said: “When the third goal went in, you started believing obviously. “The game becomes blurry when there is that much excitement and that many emotions. “What an incredible night and incredible atmosphere from the fans. I am super proud to be English and part of this team right now.”  DON'T MISS: Khaki-clad Princess Elisabeth stuns fans with military training clip [REVEAL]Princess Diana documentary lays bare tragic royal's life [SPOTLIGHT]‘No fuss’ Anne shows up for Queen [INSIGHT]  Coach Wiegman also shared some words about the significance of the women’s success in a typically male dominated field. She said: “It was such a good performance. I think they have shown a couple of times they are very resilient. “The players found a way within the game. I'm so, so incredibly proud of them. “We want to make a difference, we hope that we got everyone, the whole country is proud of us and that more girls and boys will start playing football.” 