The Foreign Secretary outlined her vision for Britain as she fought to stay in the race after she did worse than expected in yesterday's vote of Conservative MPs, finishing a distant third. In the first ballot of the contest to replace Boris Johnson, Rishi Sunak was supported by 88 members, Penny Mordaunt by 67, and Ms Truss by just 50. Tackling her rivals head-on as she delivered the first speech of her campaign, she took a swipe at Mr Sunak's record as Chancellor. In her opening remarks, she said: "Now is the time to be bold, we can't have business as usual economic management which has led to low growth for decades." Mr Sunak has warned he will not cut taxes if he becomes Prime Minister until inflation is under control. He described his approach earlier this week as "common sense Thatcherism". READ MORE ON OUR TORY LEADERSHIP LIVE BLOG Ms Truss promised to support Britons facing a cost of living squeeze by reversing the increase in national insurance, as well as lowering the tax burden on business and delivering economic reforms. She added: "We have to level with the British public that our economy will not get back on track overnight. "Times are going to be tough, but I know that I can get us on an upward trajectory by 2024." The number of backers for Ms Truss was lower than many in Westminster had expected in yesterday's vote. For months she has been seen as one of the frontrunners to be the next Tory leader. Some of her supporters are now worried she risks being axed from the contest in one of the knock-out rounds of MP voting and won't make it into the final run-off voted on by the wider membership. Next PM POLL: Who do YOU want to go out in today's round of voting? Hoping to put fresh momentum into her campaign, Ms Truss today spoke of her experience and that she could be trusted to deliver. She said: "I am ready to be Prime Minister on day one. I can lead, make tough decisions and rise to the moment." A former Remain backer in the 2016 referendum, the Foreign Secretary boasted of her credentials on Brexit. She highlighted the deals she signed with countries around the world when Trade Secretary and vowed to stand up to the EU over the Northern Ireland Protocol. To shouts of "hear, hear", she said that it was time to deliver on Brexit and "win the fight for freedom, at home and abroad". MPs will again today give their verdict on who they are supporting to be the next Conservative leader. DON'T MISS:'Labour fears me!' Penny Mordaunt lays out her case to become PM [WATCH]Rishi Sunak considering scrapping TV licence fee [INSIGHT]POLL: Who do you want to win Tory leadership race and be next PM? [VOTE]  Candidates will need the support of at least 30 parliamentarians. If all those still in the contest meet the threshold, the one with the least support will be knocked out. Voting will take place between 11.30am and 1.30pm with the results announced at 3pm.  There is concern Ms Truss is missing out on some voters because of the campaigns of Suella Braverman and Kemi Badenoch. Those backing the Foreign Secretary fear the Brexiteer vote in the party is being split between the campaigns. This morning, Therese Coffey, the Work and Pensions Secretary, urged those supporting Mr Braverman and Ms Badenoch to throw their weight behind Ms Truss. She told Sky News: "The reason why I think that supporters of Suella and Kemi should come and join Liz is because a lot of their policies are in a very similar direction, about having a free economy, about making sure we stand up for the United Kingdom and be proud of our country." She added it also involved a "different approach, slightly, on how we tackle economic issues". A split in the vote risks hurting all three candidates while giving a clear path for Mr Sunak and Ms Mordaunt to end up in the final two. The Conservative party's 1922 committee which organises leadership contests hopes to be down to the last two candidates by the end of next week. A series of hustings will then take place across the country before members vote to appoint a new leader on September 5.