Kate Garraway, 55, has taken to Twitter to ask fans for “urgent help” after leaving her husband Derek Draper’s vital medical supplies in the front of a black cab. Derek is still in recovery from COVID-19 after being first admitted to intensive care with the deadly virus in March 2020. Kate took to Twitter in full view of her 504,400 followers to share the update, while asking for advice. She wrote: “@BC_Lostproperty help!! Have just brought derek home in a mobility black cab from hospital for a weekend visit. “I have left a case with all his meds and kit  in the front! “The driver recognised me but may not know it’s there - please look & get in touch - need urgently!!” READ MORE: Loose Women’s Denise Welch sparks frenzy in busty red swimsuit snap The Good Morning Britain presenter’s fans were quick to chime in with their helpful suggestions and support. @Reefrider27 wrote: “I know the driver Kate as he mentioned he'd taken you and your husband to me this evening. “I’m trying to get in touch right now.” @Hrawli said: “Kate. If you paid by card, the drivers details will be on the receipt or the card company should be able to trace him.” @ElaineMiller02 commented: “Hope u get this back asap Kate. “Also sorry to hear that Derek is no longer home with u all. Lots of love and best wishes for Derek xxxx.” Kate recently spoke about how she has had to learn to “re-love” Derek amid his serious health struggles. She told Good Housekeeping last week that nearly losing loved ones brings everything else into sharper focus. DON'T MISS... Amanda Owen addresses ‘chaotic’ home life at Ravenseat amid split [INSIGHT]Madonna, 63, goes topless as she strips off in eye-popping snaps [UPDATE]Lady Victoria Hervey, 45, goes underwear-free in daring number [ANALYSIS] The GMB presenter said: “When you nearly lose someone, it certainly brings everything into sharp focus. “In many ways, we're still learning how we are as man and wife, as so much has changed.” “It's the same for the children – they're having to relearn the experience of being with their dad. “And, of course, the biggest learning is for poor Derek.” She previously admitted that, if left unaided for three days, Derek could die. As he is bedridden, Kate is looking after Derek herself and insists she won’t ever give up on him.