Anne Robinson joined Countdown after Nick Hewer stepped down from the iconic presenting role. However, following one year in the Channel 4 position, she announced her departure from the show. Colin Murray was confirmed as her temporary replacement and now Les Dennis has revealed he will be stepping into the role during August.    “It is such an honour. Hope you enjoy.” Countdown fans were thrilled with the announcement. Matthew Hadley tweeted: “Nice to welcome you back on-screen hosting Channel 4’s Countdown. Certainly, will be watching your first edition going out a week on Thursday Les.” Read more: Rachel Riley spotted smirking over awkward Countdown answer    Diane Thomson wrote: “I’ll definitely be tuning in! Good luck, you’re perfect for Countdown!” “Welcome back to the box mate,” Joe Whitehead remarked. Craig Holman added: “This is a perfect match for @C4Countdown ole school with a bit of new. Is it just for a week?” “Congratulations Les, you are a great fit for Countdown. Always good to see you on the box,” Mark Rowan shared.    Les starred in Coronation Street as Michael Rodwell for two years before leaving the soap in 2016. The Family Fortunes host is currently playing Grandad in Only Fools and Horses the musical. He’s sharing the role with musical creator and writer Paul Whitehouse. DON'T MISSCountdown's Colin Murray leaves Rachel red-faced with graphic word [INSIGHT]Countdown fans baffled as Anne Robinson fails to say bye in final show [VIDEO]Rachel Riley hints at Susie Dent's Countdown future on milestone day [INSIGHT]    Earlier this year, it was confirmed Colin would be drafted in to cover Anne for the rest of the year. Anne was the first female to present the Channel 4 show when she became the sixth TV star to take over the role. Although she was in the position for just a year, Anne previously revealed she stayed on “longer” than she’d initially agreed. She said: “I had a blast hosting this wonderful show and I stayed longer than I signed up for.    “Now it is time for an older woman to take the reins. “I hope too I’ve encouraged TV bosses to realise that not all women at the wrong end of the seventies are in care homes playing bingo and watching conjuring tricks. “In fact, the genius of Countdown is that it’s a brilliant way to keep the brain exercised. I run 5k most days of the week and now I can do an anagram at twice the speed I could this time last year. “But I have grandchildren, a large garden and a home in New York, all deserving more of my attention.” Countdown airs on Channel 4 on weekdays at 2.10pm.   