Hide your impatience or the irritability you feel when with someone who is taking ages to reach a decision. This isn’t a choice they should make quickly and they do need time to consider the pros and cons. Also, someone who is bouncing from crisis to crisis may need some practical support. There are pockets in your community where people in need aren’t having access to the services and help they are entitled to. A group situation could rapidly go downhill unless someone new takes charge. It is critical that this person knows what they are talking about and what they are doing. A situation that needs intervention will not be so alarming once you realise you have dealt with something similar in the past. A quick comparison between then and now will help you cope and not only this; you will do so calmly and efficiently. You should be proud of how far you have come.  After enthusiastically instigating some much-needed changes, you might experience a sudden moment of panic, wondering if you should have kept things as they were. However, if you are doing the right thing and can’t return to how it was, don’t look back. You are on the right track. A journey, holiday or change of scene would feel therapeutic. You could do with something different and in fact, all aspects of your life and some relationships might benefit from taking up an offer to broaden your horizons and your experience. Happiness will come your way through exploring new pastures. A scandal is nipped in the bud thanks to official intervention. Problems a group has been having has had a lot to do with a senior person’s inappropriate behaviour. But, unfortunately, some arrangements have gone on for so long now people have become a little complacent and lazy.  Whether you’re developing a skill, trying to learn something new or working with new equipment, your approach will be careful and cautious. You can see the drawbacks of rushing into some areas and the benefits of taking your time. For example, walking in an ancient woodland will feel therapeutic. The rising cost of living will be the biggest hit to your household income than you have seen in some years. It may be necessary to take another look at the family budget, so everyone is clear about outgoings and is aware of the need to be more careful with their cash. You are naturally fun-loving and affectionate, but occasionally a desire to care for others goes a bit too far. In addition, of course, you want to see a youngster succeed in life, but there’s a delicate balance between supporting them and allowing them the space to stand on their own two feet.  Instead of jumping to it when a friend or relative asks for your help to get one of their ideas off the ground, agree to help out when time allows. It would be a big mistake to sacrifice some of your own plans in order to help someone else further their interests. There is talk about allowing someone to continue in a position they have held for a long time after they admit to some recent behaviour that was totally wrong. An apology isn’t enough. It would be sending the wrong message out to others if it looks as if they can get away with only a verbal reprimand. Allowing your thoughts to run free in debates and conversations could dredge up some enjoyable memories. Something you learned in your childhood or experienced in the past could be useful in a matter you currently have to deal with. Discussing beliefs or ideals will give you food for thought. 