Rafael Nadal, 36, will battle it out to seal a place in the Wimbledon quarter-finals this afternoon. The two-time Wimbledon champion takes on Dutch 21st seed Botic Van de Zandschulp on Centre Court, with the last-16 tie shown live on BBC One. Following his victory over Lorenzo Sonego in the third round, Nadal spoke positively of his performance during the post-match press conference. He also touted the chances of his Dutch opponent who he recently defeated at the French Open, saying he had improved a lot in the last year. Nadal and his girlfriend of 15 years had tied the knot in his native Mallorca the previous month. Mr Scanagatta said: “Tonight, you were playing very short many times ― I don’t know why, you’re not used to that. “I’d like to know, for many people to get married is a very important, distracted thing. “Before the marriage, during the marriage, after the marriage.” The reporter, who can be heard but not seen in the footage, suggested the newlywed had suffered a lapse in concentration. He continued: “Your concentration on tennis life has been [a] bit different even if you were going out with the same girl for many, many years.” Nadal appeared in disbelief at the question, before rubbing his face as he became visibly agitated. He said: “Honestly, are you asking me this? Is this a serious question or a joke? Is it serious? Yeah?” He then added: “It’s a big surprise you’re asking me this after being with the same girl for 15 years and having a very stable and normal life. “It doesn’t matter if you put a ring on your finger or not. DON'T MISS: Novak Djokovic's bitter family feud with Roger Federer: 'Not a good man' [LATEST]'Who’s going to turn that down?' Christopher Walken's odd lion tamer career before acting [INSIGHT]Björn Borg’s rage in feud with John McEnroe stunned American: ‘I was totally shocked’ [ANALYSIS] “In my personal way. I am a very normal guy. Maybe it was for you ― how long have you been with your [wife]?” Nadal then asked the reporter about his own relationship, listening as he explained. When Mr Scanagatta replied that they had been together for 30 years, the tennis ace said: “And before? Ah, maybe before you were not sure. That’s why.” The tennis ace smiled and drew laughter from those in the room with his reply. However, in a further sign of frustration he shut down the press conference in English and said: “OK. We move to Spanish, because that’s bulls**t.” Coverage of Nadal vs Van de Zandschulp will be show on BBC One this afternoon.