The fallen British socialite's cruel and callous view of her victims is revealed in the three-part Channel 4 documentary Ghislaine Maxwell: The Making Of A Monster, starting on Tuesday at 9pm. The response rang alarm bells for author Christina Oxenberg, daughter of Princess Elizabeth of Yugoslavia and second cousin to Maxwell and Epstein's one-time friend Prince Andrew. Ms Oxenberg - sister of Hollywood actress Catherine Oxenberg - has called her royal relative a "hapless sap" and "low-hanging fruit for the grifters", but has also defended him, saying: "Being a dummy doesn't make you a bad guy." Now for the first time she is sharing her experience of Maxwell's disregard for the underage girls she recruited for Epstein and other powerful men.  Ms Oxenberg, who knew Maxwell for years on the Manhattan social circuit but says she always mistrusted her, happened to question why there were always so many young females present at Epstein's £42million Upper East Side mansion. "And she says to me, "They are nothing, they are trash," the writer says in the documentary, airing days after Maxwell was sentenced to 20 years behind bars after being found guilty of five out of six felony charges, including child sex trafficking. Although she privately found Maxwell to be "a ridiculous person with an inflated ego," Ms Oxenberg saw that the daughter of late publishing tycoon Robert Maxwell had inherited the magnetism that had made him the centre of attention.  She says that at one dinner party, Maxwell stripped down to her underwear as she felt people were ignoring her: "The dynamic that she's always looking for is to be in control, the most important person in the room - and if she has to strip naked to do it, she'll do it." In court, prosecutors claimed Maxwell, 60, has shown an "utter lack of remorse" for her crimes. Her legal team has stressed that she will appeal against both her convictions and sentencing, while her family has asked if she can serve part of her time in a British prison.  A TV producer who helped persuade Prince Andrew to agree to his infamous BBC Newsnight interview claims he was so deluded he felt it had "gone well" for him - until it was aired. Sam McAlister says the "calm, methodical" grilling he got from presenter Emily Maitlis in 2019 "is now used across the world by PR and communications professionals and by people in crisis management as a shining example of what answers not to give when you're dealing with controversy." In the book Scoops: Behind The Scenes Of The BBC's Most Shocking Interviews, published on July 14, Ms McAlister recalls: "He actually thought it had gone well. He was in such a good mood that he offered us all a tour of the Palace." 