Toto Wolff has accused Christian Horner of hitting out at new FIA proposals because he is 'bored' as Red Bull build a commanding lead in both the drivers' and Constructors' standings. Max Verstappen's win at the French Grand Prix extended his Championship lead to 63 points, with Horner's team 82 clear of Ferrari in the team competition too. Red Bull's pace has vastly contrasted that of 2021 rivals Mercedes, who have struggled to adapt to the new technical regulations in F1. Despite Lewis Hamilton notching four consecutive podium finishes, the Silver Arrows have been plagued by the issue of porpoising, affecting their downforce and straight-line speed. Hamilton himself has claimed to be having neck problems because of the saga, and the FIA have responded by proposing changes to 2023 to reduce the problem. That development has led to Horner, 48, accusing Wolff of lobbying authorities to alter rules to benefit his own team. Haas boss Guenther Steiner has backed Horner over his argument, and the German has claimed his team is one of six opposed to the FIA changing regulations. But now Wolff, 50, has hit back, claiming that Horner simply does not want things to change whilst his team are the front-runners. JUST IN: Daniel Ricciardo calls McLaren's Lando Norris a 'sh**head' four times in awkward gaffe "Clearly when you're running in the front you just want to just make sure that nothing changes," the Austrian told Autosport.com, whilst also conceding teams that are struggling usually take an opposing view:"I think he's just bored at the front. So good for him." Relations between Horner and Wolff were notoriously frosty throughout 2021, as Hamilton and Verstappen battled for the F1 title. The pair became embroiled in a long-standing verbal battle, which came to a head at the controversial season finale in Abu Dhabi. DON'T MISS:Nico Rosberg calls for Ferrari boss to make 'serious' personnel changes after French GPCharles Leclerc called out over 'fatal flaw' by Damon Hill after French Grand Prix 'mess'Christian Horner calls for FIA investigation after George Russell podium The fallout from the race at the Yas Marina dragged on for months, with the FIA conducting a full investigation into the events that ultimately led to Verstappen becoming champion. As a result, race director Michael Masi was sacked from his role. Horner has since spoken up for the Australian, who has now confirmed he will be returning to Australia rather than return to the sport in a different role. His dismissal was reportedly one of the demands Mercedes made when they decided not to appeal against the controversial safety car procedure in Abu Dhabi.