Sunday's show saw presenters Rachel Burden and Ben Thompson bringing the latest updates, with a significant focus on the unprecedented temperatures set to kick in over the next couple of days. BBC Breakfast provided viewers tips on dealing with the extreme heat and urged people to take precautions as well as interviewing people who live in such conditions to hammer home how intense the heatwave could get. Not everyone appreciated the advice though, with some viewers deciding to switch off from the coverage. During weather reporter Louise Lear's forecast, she explained: "I'm going to start off with what we had as a maximum yesterday. "We actually had 29 degrees in London yesterday and when I was walking around in the afternoon, it was too hot for me by then. "And I was thinking, 'We've got another at least 10 Celsius to go on top of that. "So just to illustrate the point - it is getting hotter. READ MORE: Outlander’s Caitriona Balfe would be ‘happier’ to shorten series "Today we could see low 30s but the extreme heat is expected to arrive during Monday. "There is a possibility that we are likely to see 41 degrees, and that will break the all-time high. "So we have this red weather warning out for this extreme heat, and these are the areas that that covers. "The amber warning actually comes into force today with temperatures in excess of 30 degrees in some areas, it's still very hot indeed - and that covers the whole of England, Wales and into southern Scotland as well. "So please keep abreast of the forecast, please look after yourself, look after your pets and perhaps look out for some neighbours as well." The show later explored ways to keep cool and interviewed a Spanish lady to paint a picture of what 40 degree heat is like. However, several viewers believed they had heard enough about the heatwave and criticised the coverage. Twitter user @djb0607 wrote: "#BBCBreakfast so far… it’s going to be hot for a couple of days and Tom Cruise might be in the Lake District? Coming up Mrs Jones has lost her cat." DON'T MISS... Queen’s grandfather would be ‘spinning in grave’ claims royal expert [LATEST]Bette Davis was 'heartbroken' by appearance criticism in Hollywood [INTERVIEW]EastEnders theory: Couple torn apart as Jay Brown begins affair [THEORY] @HHallis went as far as to switch off, commenting: "Right I’m out this is pathetic by #BBCBreakfast we have been told it’s too hot but now you need to go @TomCruise hunting in the heat this is a slow news day." @milesand_miles penned: "Please…do we need to be constantly told how to deal with a spell of very hot weather? #bbcbreakfast." "#BBCBreakfast "Every time we have a heat wave we always get weather warning about the heat and what to do. It's like some people have no common sense when it's hot," @KellyDe60668811 argued. @Alan_Hillyard61 stated: "It’s going to be hot - it ain’t b***** Armageddon!" @__wetpaint__ sarcastically remarked: "#BBCBreakfast I wonder how the weather will be today & tomorrow." @ElmerFudd1978 fumed: "#BBCBreakfast the BBC can't help themselves fear mongering the general public. "It's hot, drink water, stay in the shade and wait till it starts raining again." BBC Breakfast airs daily from 6am on BBC One.