During a trip to New York City on Monday, Meghan Markle met with friend Gloria Steinhem, with whom the Duchess of Sussex formed a connection during the coronavirus pandemic. Meghan and Ms Steinhem were spotted leaving a swanky New York hotel together having gone for lunch. The pair recently sat down together for an interview with Vogue magazine, during which the Duchess voiced her concerns over the US Supreme Court's decision to overturn the 1973 Roe v Wade ruling. Meghan’s political ambitions have been subject to speculation since she stepped down as a senior royal. Her recent conversation with Vogue positioned her closer to the political arena as she urged people who are scared about the ripple effect of the Supreme Court's decision to "channel that fear into action" and head to the ballot in November, when Americans will cast their votes in the midterm elections. This is not the first time the Duchess has shown interest in pursuing a career in politics; she urged people to vote in the September 2020 election and has been an advocate for paid child support and family leave. One royal expert has claimed that Meghan’s career goals and ambitions contributed to her struggles within the Royal Family. Professor Pauline Maclaran of Royal Holloway University has claimed that the Duchess “couldn’t fit in” with the royals because she is an “independent career woman.” READ MORE: Meghan and Harry 'unlikely to return' to Royal Family as Duchess eyes political career The professor of Marketing & Consumer Research told Express.co.uk: “Meghan did face difficulties coming into the royal fold. “As an outsider, Meghan did find it very, very difficult to adapt to royal strictures and, of course, Meghan is a very independent career woman, so it is unsurprising that she didn’t fit in — couldn’t fit in — with the royals’ need to lose your own identity in the service of the Crown. “I don’t really think you could expect an American to really understand that — or the need for that — or actually to want to do it.” Before the Duchess married Prince Harry and into the Royal Family, the 40-year-old Californian was an outspoken celebrity who had gotten her big break in Hollywood in the legal drama ‘Suits’. Meghan was also working on important causes before her life as a royal, including helping in soup kitchens in both Los Angeles and Toronto, working with the youth empowerment nonprofit One Young World, the UN's Women’s Political Participation and Leadership initiative, and the humanitarian organisation World Vision. It is understood that, after seven years on ‘Suits’, Meghan wanted to focus more of her attention on her philanthropic efforts, and the Duchess saw entering the Royal Family as an “exciting” opportunity to reach more people. During her and Harry’s engagement interview in 2017, Meghan was asked: “What about this new role? You’re going to have a bigger platform, a bigger voice. What do you want to do with it?” She responded: “I think what’s been really exciting, as we talk about the transition of this out of my career but into the role, is that, as you said, the causes that have been very important to me, I can focus even more energy on.” READ MORE:Americans 'furious' at Prince Harry as Duke's speech to UN 'backfires' [INSIGHT]Meghan Markle 'kind and caring' as she rushes to help coughing woman [REPORT]Prince Harry agreed to UN speech 'for Netflix' [REVEAL] The Duchess added: “Because very early out of the gate, I think you realise once you have access or a voice, that people are going to listen to with that comes a lot of responsibility, which I take seriously.” However, it soon became clear that becoming a member of the Royal Family did not mean she had the power or platform she expected. Royal author Penny Junor told Express.co.uk: “I would have thought part of the appeal of marrying Harry might have been having a platform for her activism. “But I think probably what she found when she arrived inside the Royal Family was that she couldn’t be as active as she wanted to be.” The biographer continued: “She couldn’t be as outspoken as she wanted to be. The Royal Family doesn’t operate in that way, they don’t use their position in order to make change. “They use it to highlight issues and support issues but not to actually drive change. They are not as powerful as she might have thought they were.” It has widely been reported that Meghan did not like suppressing her views as royals are often required to do when representing the Firm. The famous, age-old mantra — ‘never explain, never complain’ — dates back to before Queen Elizabeth II took the throne. The Duchess claimed she was naive on royal duty before entering the fold and did not do her research, telling Oprah Winfrey that she never even Google searched her husband. During the two-hour long, bombshell interview, Meghan said: “I would say I went into it [the royal fold] naively because I didn’t grow up knowing much about the Royal Family. “It wasn’t part of something that was part of conversation at home. It wasn’t something that we followed.” She added: “I didn’t do any research about what that would mean… Everything I needed to know he [Harry] was sharing with me. Everything we thought I needed to know, he was telling me.” The Duchess admitted to not fully understanding what the job was and what it means to be a working royal. She said: “I think, as Americans especially, what you do know about the royals is what you read in fairytales, and you think is what you know about the royals. “It’s easy to have an image that is so far from reality, and that’s what was so tricky over those past few years, when the perception and the reality are two different things and you’re being judged on the perception but you’re living the reality of it. “There’s a complete misalignment and there’s no way to explain that to people.”