The TV regular spoke to Christine Lampard who has stepped in to replace Lorraine Kelly on Thursday's ITV show. Whilst speaking to the TV doctor about the benefits of painting and the trend of nude painting, Christine questioned him about the advantages of art. Dr Amir Khan had her in stitches as he warned the presenter not to look up nude art on a work computer, joking he had unintentionally veered into the "dark web" and stated he would "definitely be getting sacked". It came as ITV's Good Morning Britain spoke to residents of a care home in which the women had been enjoying getting in touch with their creative side through nude drawing. The residents explained how the exercise has been good for them and the benefits that can be derived from art. Discussing the subject, Christine asked the doctor: "What do you think of this, Amir? "I was just saying to Ben [Shephard] and Ranvir [Singh] earlier, I used to paint years ago and I found it incredibly therapeutic, very relaxing. READ MORE: BBC crisis as 300,000 ditch licence fee — financial blackhole looming "You can completely lose yourself in it. I think it's actually a really good thing in terms of mental health, but what do you think?" "You're absolutely right, Christine," Amir agreed. "I mean I love this story." He explained: "This has originated from a west London care home where women residents have been drawing nudes. "Male nudes, and saying it's been great for them. "And you're right, art is good for the brain, that creative side of the brain. "Talking about the mental health benefits, it helps with anxiety and stress." The medical professional went on to make an unexpected confession which left Christine stunned. "I tried to look up evidence of nude drawing, Christine, and let me give you a word of warning - do not look up nudes on your work computer!" DON'T MISS... Good Morning Britain viewers fume over Commonwealth error [VIDEO]Vanessa Feltz quits Radio 2 after 12 years ‘I need to step down’ [LATEST]Fred Astaire addressed 'feud' with Ginger 'Questionable conversations' [VIDEO] Mortified, he added: "I think I ended up on the dark web." Laughing, the doctor voiced concerns over his career, commenting: "I'll definitely be getting sacked later, I think." Christine observed: "I love that you're talking about it on the telly just to clear everything!" "Just to make sure you know!" Amir confirmed. "But anything that gets care home residents using their creative side and working together is a good thing as far as I'm concerned." Former The One Show presenter Christine has stepped in to host Lorraine's self-titled show as the Scottish host takes her annual summer break. Good Morning Britain's Ranvir has also been presenting the talk show during the 62-year-old's absence. Lorraine airs weekdays from 10am on ITV.