Dan Walker, 45, has reacted to news that his former colleague Jon Kay will replace him as BBC Breakfast presenter following his exit earlier this year. The Channel 5 star took to Twitter to send his well-wishes to the BBC News correspondent as he revealed the new appointment. Jon confirmed the latest development by sharing a tweet posted by the BBC News press team. In view of his 44,000 followers, Jon added: “RESHUFFLE LATEST. So delighted to share this news and join the outstanding @BBCBreakfast team full time. “An absolute honour to front the UK’s number one morning show with my mates @sallynugent @TVNaga01 and Charlie (and his new cat!)” Dan shared the tweet in view of his 769,000 followers, adding: “Brilliant news. Congratulations @jonkay01 “Great bloke, top presenter and much loved by the #BBCBreakfast team,” alongside a clapping hands emoji. In turn, Jon replied: “Thanks so much, Dan. You set a very high bar, my friend.” Dan then cheekily warned: “Just don’t make it look too easy Jon,” along with a string of laughing emojis. Fans and other broadcasters also took to the social media platform to throw their support behind Jon as he embarked on the new venture. BBC anchor Ben Boulos tweeted: “Many congratulations Jon! “Really delighted for you - a natural fit and very well-deserved. “Looking forward to working with you again soon - and perhaps a chance to celebrate with something fizzy (lemonade?) when our shifts next overlap.” NBC News editor Ian Sherwood added: “Huge congratulations Jon, great that you and @sallynugent will be a permanent partnership on the red sofa.” DON'T MISS...Fern Britton mocks 'toy boy' Boris over Carrie as she carries baby [LATEST]Macy Gray slams 'insensitive' threats amid backlash over trans views [ADMISSION]Piers Morgan sparks divide as Boris refuses to resign just yet [POLITICS] His now-co-host Sally Nugent chimed in: “Brilliant news.” Twitter user GaynaHodges typed: “So pleased to hear that Jon Kay “I think you are a great addition to BBC Breakfast and glad you are now permanent. Best wishes.” Pennysomerset said: “Well done Jon so pleased to hear your news, I’ve watched you on Points West for many moons, …. “Good luck on the Breakfast sofa.” Dan presenter fronted BBC Breakfast for six years after replacing Bill Turnbull in 2016. He is now hosting Channel 5's revamped 5 News alongside Claudia-Liza Vanderpuije, taking over from Sian Williams. The news of Dan’s exit from the BBC programme came in April, with Jon filling in for him since then.