The Last Kingdom has gone down in history as a Netflix hit and fans were thrilled to hear Uhtred's (played by Alexander Dreymon) journey will continue. Although there will be no season six of The Last Kingdom, the show's protagonist is due to return in the film, Seven Kings Must Die, which will air on Netflix. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about whether the film is based on any of Bernard Cornwell's books. The Last Kingdom season five brought some fan-favourite characters' storylines to an emotional end. Thankfully for the main protagonist, Uhtred, his dream finally came true when he claimed back Bebbanburg. However, there is still much more of his story to tell, with the series being based on Cornwell's novels, The Saxon Stories. There are 13 books in total, with War Lord coming out in October 2020. The final three books including War of the Wolf, Sword of Kings and War Lord are yet to be adapted. READ MORE: What is The Last Kingdom movie Seven Kings Must Die about? The film's title refers to a prophecy featured in book six, Death of Kings. Aelfadell, an ancient witch, tells Uhtred: "Seven kings will die, Uhtred of Bebbanburg, seven kings and the women you love. "That is your fate, and Alfred’s son will not rule and Wessex will die and the Saxon will kill what he loves and the Danes will gain everything, and all will change and all will be the same as ever it was and ever will be.” With this in mind, the film could reference some of the plot points from the sixth book. That being said, the show's executive producer Nigel Marchant said the film would be inspired by the final three books. He said: "In terms of season five, we felt these two central strands of the story were coming together and it was the natural point to finish the TV series. "Over the five seasons there was a very definite beginning, middle and end so it was a group decision that we came to." "However, we did know there were a few more books (not to spoil anything!) following on from where we get to at the end of season five. "So we did start to talk to Netflix fairly early about whether we could tell that end piece of the jigsaw so that it would feel complete. "And it was felt that the movie version was the right format to do that," he added to Radio Times. DON'T MISS...The Last Kingdom’s Eliza Butterworth knew season 5 would be last [INSIGHT] Where is The Last Kingdom's Eliza Butterworth now? [EXPLAINER] The Last Kingdom and Vikings defended by expert over 'inaccuracy' [INTERVIEW] He did stress, however, the film would be accessible to people who have not watched the series. Alexander Dreymon will return as Uhtred but no other official casting announcements have been made. It is safe to suggest Arnas Fedaravičius will be returning as Sihtric. This is because the actor was seen in a behind-the-scenes video on Dreymon's Instagram account. Fans have also spotted Mark Rowley, who plays Finan, on the set. However, it was not clear whether it was an old photo or a recent snap of the Seven Kings Must Sie set. One character who definitely will not be returning is Aelswith (played by Eliza Butterworth). Actress Butterworth was not able to take part due to filming schedule conflicts. She has just finished filming for the upcoming Sky series, A Town Called Malice. Fans are hoping Seven Kings Must Die will air in 2023.  Seven Kings Must die will air on Netflix. Seasons 1-5 of The Last Kingdom are on Netflix now.