Ferrari team principal Mattia Binotto has played down the confrontation between himself and star driver Charles Leclerc after the British Grand Prix. In front of a sold-out crowd at Silverstone, Leclerc was left to rue a missed opportunity to close the gap at the top of the Drivers’ Championship further after Max Verstappen’s day to forget. Red Bull star Verstappen got off to a solid start and appeared to be set to secure a comfortable win before debris on the track damaged the floor of his car. It meant the reigning world champion could only finish P7, giving Leclerc the chance to win the race and tighten the battle for the championship. However, a breathless final few laps of the dramatic British Grand Prix saw Leclerc ultimately miss out on a podium spot. The Monegasque star was not called in to pit to change his tyres when the Safety Car was deployed late in the race as each of his rivals were given fresh new tyres. While the decision meant Leclerc held the lead as racing resumed, he was a sitting duck on old, hard tyres compared to the fresh, soft tyres of his colleagues. As a result, Ferrari teammate Carlos Sainz passed Leclerc with ease to secure his maiden Grand Prix victory. READ MORE: Eddie Jordan 'horrified' by Bernie Ecclestone's Putin comments Leclerc slid down the grid as Red Bull’s Sergio Perez and Mercedes star Lewis Hamilton also passed him to complete the podium. The Ferrari star, who led the world championship after an electric start to 2022, appeared to be clearly frustrated as he exited his car and returned to the Italians’ garage. Sky Sports cameras caught what appeared to be a clash between Leclerc and Ferrari boss Binotto, who was aggressively wagging his finger as if he was telling his driver off. However, the Italian has quashed suggestions the two were fighting. “First, I knew that he was disappointed and frustrated, which is understandable because he was leading clearly the race and he was comfortable going very fast at the time when the safety car came out,” Binotto said. “And for him today was a great opportunity in terms of the championship because he was leading while Max had some problems. “So then the safety car came out and he had a difficult, let me say, end [to] the race and no doubt that he was disappointed. So when I met him, I knew he was disappointed. But what I told him is you did a fantastic race once again, because you did a fantastic first lap of the race battling. DON'T MISSHamilton takes thinly-veiled swipe at Verstappen after British GPBritish Grand Prix: Lewis Hamilton claims stunning podium finishGeorge Russell fires warning to Lewis Hamilton ahead of British GP “And then after the restart behind the safety car again, the way he was driving and protecting his position is amazing and outstanding. So I told him simply to stay calm because the way he drove was fantastic. He has been once again unlucky today, because a safety car when you are leading a few laps to the end, is somehow bad luck. And I think that overall that’s why the reason I think we simply tried not to be too disappointed.” Leclerc had sounded frustrated over team radio which led to many fans suggesting he was still angry after the race, hence the perceived telling off from Binotto. However, Leclerc echoed his boss’s sentiments by insisting it was a positive conversation. “I had the old hard tyres and obviously everybody around was on softs, so I was struggling massively,” Leclerc added. “At the end I gave my absolute best, but it wasn't enough and it's obviously disappointing. [Binotto] wanted to cheer me up and that's it.” The 22-race F1 2022 campaign continues with the Austrian Grand Prix at the Red Bull Ring on July 10.