 Last month, when Hollie Dance sat down and told me about her battle to allow life-supporting treatment to remain for her son Archie Battersbee, it was immediately clear I was listening to a woman determined to fight until the end for her child. “There’s a very firm grip when he holds my hand,” Hollie told me as she described visiting her beautiful boy in Hospital. She also explained how wee Archie, who doctors say will never recover, showed a reaction when friends and family sat by his bed. “He knows we are there. I am convinced his condition is fully reversible,” Hollie defiantly told me and my co-presenter Isabel Webster. Hollie’s words instantly came to my mind last week when the news was announced that a judge had ruled life support treatment for the 12-year-old from Southend in Essex, should end. Due to the circus that is this current Prime Ministerial race it barely made a few lines in the newspapers. But for Hollie and her family I know the ruling, although perhaps not wholly unexpected, will be a crushing blow. “Archie would want to keep us fighting….and we will keep on fighting,” Hollie later said when asked for her reaction to the verdict which the family plan to appeal.  DON'T MISS: Royal POLL: Should Meghan Markle reconcile with her father? (POLL)Putin in huge blow as he loses KEY ally over furious oil dispute (INSIGHT)Black smoke fills sky as fire engulfs London flat balcony (BREAKING)  Hollie’s courage in dealing with this awful situation is truly inspiring. Having spent time with her I know she wouldn’t want to be called “brave”. She’s doing what I and all parents would do - fighting until the very last for her child. While there is life there is hope. But what I find remarkable is that one part of Archie’s terrible story is barely spoken of: and that’s the horrific way he ended up in hospital and perilously ill in the first place. When I met Hollie she explained how it’s believed Archie was taking part in a “blackout dare” game on social media where kids are encouraged to hold their breath. I could barely believe what I was hearing when Hollie revealed this. But what is even more appalling is that these dares are STILL freely available to watch and take part in on social media. What on earth is going on? I wonder if these billionaire bosses sitting in Silicon Valley who are raking in riches have ever heard the name Archie Battersbee? I doubt it. Do they care about the pain and anguish felt by Hollie and all the other families whose children have been taken down a dark path thanks to the Internet? I sincerely hope they do - and that they do something, anything, to remove some of the evils lurking online. At least then a tiny chink of light will emerge from Archie’s heartbreaking story. And at least that way other mothers might not suffer in the same way Hollie continues. That's the very least we can hope for in this tragedy right now. Until then, you keep fighting Archie x  Eamonn Holmes presents Breakfast on GB News, Monday-Thursday 6am - 9.30am. 