Nick Kyrgios' career has reached its highest point yet after it was confirmed that the Australian star would play in the Wimbledon men's singles final following Rafael Nadal's decision to drop out of the tournament due to injury. However, the occasion will be slightly bittersweet for the Canberra-born star with his mother Norlaila unable to travel due to health worries. Kyrgios has only ever made a quarter final twice before, once at the Australian Open and once at Wimbledon. He had never made the semi-final stage before his win over Cristian Garin on Wednesday afternoon, and was set to face Nadal before his retirement. In such a huge moment in his career, Kyrgios would understandably want his family and friends to watch him on the big stage against arguably the world's best ever player on grass. But unfortunately for the star, he has revealed that his mother won't be able to attend due to her wait for a kidney transplant. “Obviously my mum’s health has been a bit rocky,” he said after his quarter-final win over Garin. “It’s been pretty bad for a while now. She’s not able to kind of come to these (events) and she’s not allowed to travel that much. “Even the Australian Open, she won’t come to my matches because she’s got, like, a pacemaker and stuff, it’s too stressful, and all that type of stuff. I try and talk to her. She’ll wake up in the morning, say, ‘I just saw the live scores. It looks like you had a tough match’. “I’m just like, ‘You have no idea. Obviously.’ I’m just glad she’s able to kind of keep an eye on me from home.” The walkover allowed a longer time-frame for Norlaila to try to arrange travel over to SW19 from Down Under, although plans have been scrapped for that scenario. He will face the winner of Novak Djokovic and Cameron Norrie, with their game set to get underway at 3pm on Friday. The Serbian will be looking for his 21st Grand Slam of his career, and his seventh Wimbledon title overall having won give of the last seven available. His last loss in SW19 came in 2017, where he lost to Tomas Berdych after retiring at 7-6, 2-0 down. Meanwhile, Norrie has never advanced past the third round of a Grand Slam before in his career.