The new stats from the National Records of Scotland (NRS) reveal that 1,330 people lost their lives to drug misuse in Scotland in 2021. This represents a fall of only one percent since 2020. In a small indicator of improvement over time, the new figures reveal that drug related deaths have not risen for the first year since 2013. However, the high numbers still represent the second highest annual total for Scotland since records began in 1996, and far outpaces figures for the rest of the UK and EU. In 2020 (the most recent year available for the rest of the UK) Scotland’s drug misuse rate was 3.7 times that for the UK as a whole, and higher than that of any European country. Of those who died from the misuse of drugs, 65 percent were aged between 35 and 54 years old and more than two-thirds (70 percent) were men. Dundee City had the highest age-standardised drug misuse death rate of all local authority areas (45.2 per 100,000 population for the 5-year period 2017-2021), followed by Glasgow City (44.4) and Inverclyde (35.7). Julie Ramsay, vital events statistician at NRS, said: “Drug misuse deaths have increased substantially over the past few decades – there were more than five times as many deaths in 2021 compared with 1996. "2021 is the first year since 2013 that drug misuse deaths have not increased. “In 2021, after adjusting for age, people in the most deprived areas were more than 15 times as likely to have a drug misuse death as those in the least deprived areas. "This ratio has widened over the past two decades.” Opioids remained the number one cause of drug-related death in Scotland in 2021.  Meanwhile, the number of those dying from using benzodiazepines has rapidly increased. In 2015 there were 191 deaths from the drug, while last year there were 918 - nearly five times as many. According to the NRS, this was mostly driven by street benzodiazepines rather than those which are prescribed. Of all drug misuse deaths in 2021, 84 percent involved opiates or opioids (such as heroin, morphine and methadone) and 69 percent involved benzodiazepines (such as diazepam and etizolam). But in 93 percent of all drug misuse deaths, more than one drug was found to be present in the body.  Scotland’s drug policy minister Angela Constance said the situation remains “unacceptable” and work must continue quickly to address the “emergency”. Ms Constance said: “Scotland suffers a terrible toll from drug deaths, leaving families grieving and in pain and my heart goes out to all those affected by the death of a loved one through drugs. “These latest statistics provide yet more heart-breaking reading, and the situation remains unacceptable.” The minister added that the Government was already implementing many of the 20 recommendations from the Drug Deaths Taskforce published earlier this month. FAVOR Scotland, a charity supporting those with addiction, said the “horrendous” figures should “shame the Scottish Government”. Annemarie Ward, the organisation's CEO, said: “The response to Scotland’s drug deaths crisis has been abysmal. “The Government has failed to do what’s necessary and the cost is devastating to our communities. Every year we are left with more lost souls and broken families.” The Scottish Government has moved towards treating drugs as a health issue, rather than a criminal one, a move welcomed by experts - but this has been hampered by resignations of top figures involved. Professor Catriona Matheson, an expert in substance misuse from Stirling University, and former Police Scotland deputy chief constable Neil Richardson penned a letter to the Scottish Government outlining in late December 2021, saying that what was being asked of them was focused on speed of action rather than sustainability of change. At the end of May, prominent drugs campaigner Peter Krykant warned that despite apparent efforts at government level, the situation for people on the ground had not changed at all.