WALLY CLEAVER star Tony Dow died today aged 77 after being diagnosed with cancer. The sad news was confirmed by his management team earlier today in a statement released on his official Facebook page. The statement reflected upon the actor’s “comforting” presence as he was labelled a “beautiful soul”. It read: “It is with an extremely heavy heart that we share with you the passing of our beloved Tony this morning. Tony was a beautiful soul - kind, compassionate, funny and humble. “It was truly a joy to just be around him. “His gentle voice and unpretentious manner was immediately comforting and you could not help but love him. “The world has lost an amazing human being, but we are all richer for the memories that he has left us.” The heartfelt post looked back on Tony’s life and the “big brother” role he played to his friends. “From the warm reminiscences of Wally Cleaver to those of us fortunate enough to know him personally - thank you Tony,” the statement added. “And thank you for the reflections of a simpler time, the laughter, the friendship and for the feeling that you were a big brother to us all. We will miss you.” The post was signed off: “Frank Bilotta and Renee James- Tony's Management Team & Dear Friends”. The Harry and the Hendersons star announced back in May that he had been diagnosed with cancer. He and his wife of 41 years, Lauren, released a joint statement at the time explaining they were heartbroken over the diagnosis. DON'T MISS...Brian May bids farewell to 'dear pal' on final night of tour [LATEST]Britney Spears gushes over ‘coolest guy ever’ Taron Egerton [PICTURES]Demi Moore, 59, showcases ageless figure in plunging white swimsuit [INSTAGRAM] The Facebook post read: “Dear Friends & Fans of Tony Dow, I have some very sad news to share with you. “Unfortunately, Tony has once again been diagnosed with cancer. He is approaching this reality so bravely, but it is truly heartbreaking.” The couple concluded: “We want to thank you in advance for your caring thoughts. Our Love,Lauren & Tony.” Tony and Lauren did not disclose what type of cancer the TV star had been diagnosed with. Following the news of Tony’s death today, social media platform Twitter was filled with an outpouring of grief from fans. MyRedBeeetle said: “Forever Beaver’s big brother. Rest In Peace Tony Dow.” Artnanners penned: “Rest In Peace sweet Tony Dow. Thank you and Lauren for inviting me into your home and sharing your art and amazing tv memories. #riptonydow #leaveittobeaver #wally #artist” FrankConniff tweeted: “A national day of mourning for us baby boomers. He was very good on the show. Rest In Peace, Tony Dow.”