Today will see the Moon’s last full day of transit in Cancer before moving into passionate Leo on Thursday, just in time for the New Moon. Prepare for heightened emotions and sensitivities as the Moon reaches its final phase of the nine in its cycle. Express.co.uk reveals your horoscope, star sign reading, astrology and zodiac forecast for July 27. Some are naturally much more closely attuned to the Moon’s celestial shifts, while some barely feel them at all. But collectively, the current Moon sign will always have a strong but subtle influence on the energetic climate of our days, according to The Moon School. A Cancer moon in particular, as the Moon’s home sign, can bear a larger influence than others. The Moon School said: “In many ways, the Moon (and especially a Cancer Moon) is the key to your inner landscapes.  READ MORE: Björk health: How the singer 'tackled' growths on her vocal cords  “She can connect you to your deeper self – the self that exists beneath and beyond the ego.” As the homiest sign of all zodiacs, we’re more inclined to play it safe and stick well within our comfort zones while the Moon is in a Cancer transit. However, today actually makes for a better day to do this than any other of the week. Cafe Astrology said: “On this day before a New Moon, it’s a wise strategy to lay low, wind down, and let go.”  Mercury is due to form a trine to Chiron later in the day, and this will positively impact communication and activate a more optimistic mindset. Cafe Astrology said this planet alignment will “help to open our minds to learning from one another.” It continued: “This influence aids with communicating our feelings constructively. We’re relaying our messages in relatable, accessible ways. “Good energy is with us for discussing or giving more thought to sensitive topics.”  DON'T MISS: Asteroids could be lurking in ‘blind spot’ in the direction of the Sun [INSIGHT]High cholesterol: The colour on your hands could be a sign [ANALYSIS]Space: Babies to be born on the Moon by 2050 [EXPLAINED]    We might also be particularly alert, observant, willing to understand, and more prone to positively digest constructive criticism. Cafe Astrology said: “It’s easier than usual to communicate our message now, although this is less about getting the exact wording right and more about conveying our intentions.” When the emotional Moon trines dreamy Neptune, the energy has a tendency to make us see situations through rose-tinted glass, according to Tarot.com.  However, when the Moon moves to oppose transformative Pluto later in the day, prepare to rapidly be brought back down to earth again. While this takes place, Tarot.com recommends standing "emotional ground without controlling others." The void Moon occurs from 1:55am BST, with the Moon’s last aspect before changing signs (an opposition to Pluto), until the Moon enters Leo the next day at 7.37am 