Charmed and Soap actress Rebecca Balding has died after secretly battling ovarian cancer. The star was 73 years old. Her husband, actor and director James L. Conway, confirmed the sad news to Deadline. She had played Aunt Jackie and Elise Rothman in Charmed, Mrs Garvey in ER, and Carol David in Soap. Fans of Rebecca’s have begun to pay tribute on social media. Mr G tweeted: “Not Aunt Jackie/Elise!! Lord this hurt my heart to hear about. RIP Rebecca Balding.” Vinnie agreed: “I loved her and interactions with Phoebe. They eventually became like mother and daughter”. Thomas added: “R.I.P Rebecca Balding. “My condolences to her family and friends. “Elise will always have a place in our hearts! #Charmed #RebeccaBalding”. Rebecca played Carol David, mother of Jodie Dallas' child, on Soap, appearing in 19 episodes from 1978 to 1980. She played Corky Crandall in 1979 in the sitcom Makin' It, as well as the original female reporter Carla Mardigian during the first three episodes of the 1977 season of the drama series Lou Grant, starring Ed Asner, before her character was written out for a different female reporter. That same year she acted opposite Ed once again, playing his daughter Julie in the Christmas TV film The Gathering. Rebecca also played Amy Franklin in Deadly Game, a movie that starred Andy Griffith and James Cromwell. DON'T MISS...Ulrika Jonsson, 54, strips off to cook NUDE in sideboob-baring pic [PICTURES] Heidi Klum, 49, showcases pert behind as she stuns in leggy display [VIDEO] Naga Munchetty replaced on BBC as host urged to 'call' presenter [LATEST] In 1998, Rebecca guest starred as Aunt Jackie in the season one episode "The Fourth Sister" of Charmed. She later returned to the show during its fourth season in 2002 as Elise Rothman. Elise was the newspaper editor-in-chief and the boss of Phoebe Halliwell, played by Alyssa Milano. She played the role until the show's eighth and final season in 2006. The actress is survived by her husband James. She first met him while auditioning for a part in the 1981 horror movie The Boogens, which he directed and in which she ultimately starred. Rebecca is also survived by her daughters Sarah and Kathleen, and her grandchildren.