Foreign Secretary Liz Truss wants to slash it now, while ex- chancellor Rishi Sunak plans to balance the books first then cut taxes. However, our worsening economy needs urgent help now and Ms Truss is right to call for this common-sense action. The cost-of-living crisis is by far the most important issue facing Britons today and targeted tax cuts are the best way to help hard-pressed families. Ms Truss has already pledged to sweep away the green levy, which makes up to 25 per cent of what we pay for electricity, and cutting VAT at 5 per cent on domestic bills is a clear benefit of Brexit. Reducing fuel duty, which with VAT makes up to 45 per cent of petrol pump prices per litre, is another direct way to bring down rocketing inflation, by cutting the cost of deliveries and commercial transport, plus helping families to get around. Constantly interrupting Ms Truss during Monday’s debate to pour scorn on her plans, Mr Sunak was wrong to say that tax cuts will encourage inflation and lead to higher interest rates. In an open letter this week, seven top economists declared “targeted tax cuts will not be inflationary. The domestic economy is not overheating.” In a witty retort to Mr Sunak’s catastrophising about tax cuts, Ms Truss said she had “learned” from the poor predictions of Project Fear during the Brexit referendum not to trust the Treasury’s prophecies and is determined to overcome its doom-mongering resistance to her measures for growth. Instead, she argues rightly that raising the level of taxation when no other leading economy is doing so threatens recession. Increased revenue can only be expected from a growing economy and tax cuts fit well into her overall strategy of encouraging enterprise. Ms Truss wants to create a series of investment zones in which tax incentives, cutting red tape and looser planning rules will encourage foreign and domestic firms to set up business in the UK. This is the only way to get the “levelling up” she wants to deliver. In this context, she is right not only to reverse Mr Sunak’s proposed rise in corporation tax but to bring it down to internationally competitive levels that will encourage investment. The Foreign Secretary wants to see a “bolder” Britain making the most of Brexit opportunities but this can only be done by making us more attractive for business, not less so. By contrast, Mr Sunak’s timid vision of balancing the books first will drain the energy from our nation. Of course, reducing our national debt is important, but he was the one who colluded with the enormous expenditure during an overly cautious lockdown that left us with a £400billion fiscal hole. He was in charge when the purse strings were disastrously loosened, giving us the inflationary world we now live in. Lockdown was bound to end in increased demand for goods, spurring price rises, and it is shocking that neither the Bank of England nor the Treasury anticipated this cost-of-living crisis, preferring to believe it would be only temporary. It is equally appalling that the Government’s blind obsession with net-zero over the last two decades has left us exposed to the rocketing cost of international energy when we could be producing our own gas and oil to give UK industry the cheaper energy it desperately needs. “I support the net-zero objective but we need to reach net zero in a way that doesn’t harm businesses or consumers,” says Ms Truss. “I am very supportive of using gas as a transition fuel.” That includes fracking. She very much wants a moratorium on nationally self-destructive net-zero measures to get us through the crisis. Now is not the time for green ideology but economic good sense. Despite Mr Sunak’s hectoring, Ms Truss must stick to her tax-cutting guns and brush aside Treasury fear-mongering, which will only trash the UK economy and ensure the Tories lose the next election. Now is the moment for a positive, buccaneering vision of our country that gives us hope that better times are just around the corner so long as big government gets out of our way. It is indicative that, after Monday’s debate, more Labour voters backed Mr Sunak’s pronouncements than Tory ones. It should encourage Ms Truss to deliver truly Conservative economic policies that will put distance between her and Sir Keir Starmer’s tired old socialism that will cost us much more and deliver little growth.