With sweltering temperatures forecast for the next week, many drivers are looking to get out and enjoy the sun. However, their excitement may be short-lived as they could be slapped with a massive fine for wearing flip flops at the wheel. Rule 97 of the Highway Code addresses what drivers should do before setting off, making sure they have a driving licence, valid insurance and the car is legal and roadworthy. It also states: “You should ensure that clothing and footwear do not prevent you using the controls in the correct manner.” This does not explicitly ban drivers from wearing flip flops, high heels, or even driving barefoot. Despite this, if a person is driving carelessly, dangerously or without due care and attention, and footwear is playing a role, they could be in trouble. READ MORE: The 'simple way' drivers can save money on fuel - air con and windows This could come with a fixed £100 fine and three points on their driving licence. In some instances, a police officer may offer a driver education seminar instead. If a motorist is driving erratically or dangerously and the footwear is believed to have played a role, it could be sent to court. In this case, drivers could be handed nine penalty points on their licence and a fine of up to £5,000. DON'T MISSLittle-known car cooling tricks drivers should use instead of air con [INSIGHT]Drivers urged to look out for ominous marks on tyres [WARNING]Major new speeding law introduced last week but many drivers unaware [URGENT] This could happen in the event of a crash where injury or death has been caused. Lucy Sherliker, Head of Customer at Zuto said: “Although many people are unaware of these Highway Code rules, it’s important to know the laws of the road, not only to avoid being financially penalised, but to also keep everyone safe while driving.” The Met Office has issued a rare amber warning of extreme heat which will be in operation from Sunday, July 17 until the end of Monday, July 18. Temperatures could reach up to 39C in large parts of the southeast, with some computer models predicting that the UK could see 40C in mid-July. During this time, Britons are being warned that delays on roads and road closures are possible. This is in addition to delays and cancellations to rail and air travel, with potential for significant welfare issues for those who experience even moderate delays. For those driving on the continent this summer, some countries also outlaw the wearing of flip flops when at the wheel. In France, R412-6 of the Code de la route - the French version of the Highway Code - states that all drivers must constantly be in a condition to carry out manoeuvers conveniently and without delay. In 2015, a woman in Toulouse was fined €90 (£76) for wearing flip flops when driving because they were “not attached” to her feet. She said: “I really thought she was joking. But no. I left with a €90 fine – the price of a pair of shoes.” Flip flops in particular could easily slip off and get caught underneath the pedals. Motorists are advised to keep an extra pair of old trainers or flat shoes in the car to put on when driving.