The European Union is potentially gearing up for an economic recession, as the Russian-state gas giant Gazprom could not resume the gas flows in the Nord Stream 1 pipeline. Nord Stream 1 has been in maintenance since July 11 and is due to resume gas flows on July 21. However, several European officials have raised concerns Vladimir Putin could decide not to reopen the pipeline on the deadline as part of the energy war Russia is waging against Europe. CNBC Correspondent Silvia Amaro reports that possibility would plunge the European Union into recession. Speaking to CNBC viewers, she said: "What I think is perhaps the most dominant theme right now for European markets – both in equities and in euro – and that is what happens with Nord Stream 1 over the maintenance period and whether or not those flows are going to resume." As a reminder to viewers, Ms Amaro said: "We know that already the flows that are going through Nord Stream 1 are 60 percent lower than they were pre-war. So, we’re sitting at around 40 percent. "Very interesting note from Golden Sachs, a couple of weeks ago. They were saying that if those flows were to drop completely to zero, in that situation they estimate the eurozone’s contraction of up 1.7 percentage point."  "So that would really, therefore, dip the Eurozone into recession with the hardest hit economies being Italy and Germany," Ms Amaro said. Italy and Germany, two heavy consumers of Russian gas, have scrambled to find alternative sources of energy and gas to face the potential threat of a complete gas cut-off on July 21. The two countries and France have vowed to end their support for overseas fossil fuel projects though they admitted their countries would need gas in the short-term. Speaking to reporters at the G7 summit, German Chancellor Olaf Scholz said that the "future does not lie in gas" but that in the short-term, gas is going to be necessary and that investments in it in the transitional phase "are going to have to be supported." READ MORE: Two PM frontrunners invited to Kyiv to hear war plan The potential shutdown could not come at a worse time for Italy which is in the grips of a political crisis after its Prime Minister Mario Draghi offered his resignation as his coalition fell apart. Italy’s still current Prime Minister, whose resignation was rejected, has worked intensively over the last few months to wane his country off of Russian gas – he reduced Italy’s dependence from 40 percent in 2021 to 25 percent this year. However, Germany, which admitted to having committed a strategic mistake in becoming so dependent on Russian gas, still has a long way to go. The country still depends on Russia gas for 32 percent of its annual consumption. DON'T MISS:Baltic States on brink of Putin invasion as NATO and EU could cave in [ANALYSIS]Ukraine: Putin’s attack potential slashed as Ukrainian rockets [INSIGHT]Europe could face 'biggest financial crisis ever' with Russian gas row [ANALYSIS] A total of 12 European countries had already suffered from Putin’s energy war, as some faced complete Russian gas cut-off while others had observed a partial cut-off. So far, the EU has largely relied on American liquefied natural gas (LNG). But a recent explosion and outage at a key Texas export facility have put the bloc’s plans in jeopardy at least for the rest of this year. European Commission President Ursula Von der Leyen is expected to present a winter preparedness plan on July 20 that ensures every European country has enough gas to make it through winter. READ NEXT:‘High risk for Putin too’ Kremlin’s gas war on Europe to backfireVladimir Putin blow as Russians suffer technology shortfallUkrainian volunteers evacuate pets to Europe to avoid horror conditionRussia sparked WW3 as West 'biding their time' for on-the-ground fightPutin's crony orders Russian 'shock and awe' operation in Ukraine