Most households change their bedsheets and bedding every week, or every two weeks. But how often do they thoroughly clean the pillows and duvet? Express.co.uk spoke to Sarah Dempsey, a cleaning expert at My Job Quote about the best way to wash pillows - without using a washing machine. Pillows should be washed twice a year according to experts. If you’ve never washed your pillows before, they’ve probably turned an unappealing shade of yellow or brown by now. Filthy pillows like these should be thrown out, but if you think they’re salvageable, give them a thorough cleaning. Sarah explained: “If you need to clean a pillow, the best thing you can do is begin by shaking off all of the loose debris and dust. READ MORE: Paint colours to avoid in the kitchen - ‘stay away’ “If that’s not enough to remove all of the dust, you should then vacuum over the pillow to get everything off it.” If you don’t want to hoover the pillow, you can hang it on a washing line, on a windy warm day and the dust and debris should fall out. “Once the pillow is free from dust and debris, you can then move on to cleaning it,” the expert continued. “Clean the pillow with a damp cloth and use a small amount of mild detergent on it.” The detergent will kill any germs on the pillow. DON'T MISS...Prince Harry ‘not pleased’ with Meghan’s ‘clingy’ behaviour [VIDEO]Stop an avocado from going brown with clever food storage hack [EXPERT]Tomato plants: Add pet hair to homemade fertiliser [COMMENT] “If there are any stubborn stains present, you may have to resort to scrubbing,” Sarah said. “However, don’t scrub too hard as you may damage the pillow itself. “Once you've cleaned the pillow, you should then lay it somewhere flat in an open space so that it can air dry. “The drying process may take some time, depending on how much water you've used. READ MORE: Britons urged to avoid leaving common 'clue' to burglars “It's important to be patient,” Sarah added. After the pillow is cleaned and dried, it is a good idea to prevent it from getting dirty again. You can do this by covering the pillow with a pillow protector. Or, if you don’t want to buy new pillow protectors, use an old pillowcase - the same or similar colour to the top pillowcase is best then you won’t see it underneath the top pillowcase. This will mean there are two layers of fabric between your face and the actual pillow. If a stain does transfer through these layers and onto the pillow itself, you should treat the stain as soon as possible. Try dabbing a small amount of washing powder or liquid detergent onto the area, then wash as normal.