OnlyFans model and TikToker Elle Brooke has described her sparring sessions with bantamweight world champion Ebanie Bridges as ‘absolute hell’ but has praised the Aussie for the amount of time she gives her. Brooke is preparing for her first-ever boxing bout against ex-Love Island contestant AJ Bunker at the O2 Indigo in London. The internet sensation has been preparing for the contest at The Origin Gym in Rainham where Bridges trains, under the watchful eye of coach Mark Tibbs. During her time at the gym, Brooke has been getting in plenty of sparring including some gruelling rounds with Bridges. Talking to Mirror Fighting about what it is like to train with Bridges, she said: "Ebanie has been absolutely amazing with me. Even though she’s a world champion she really takes the time to help me. She doesn’t need to do that as she isn’t gaining anything. I’m so grateful for the amount of time and energy she puts into me. "I’ve been sparring her and it’s absolute hell, it’s really hard work. How quick she moves as well. It’s not going to be easy as she’s obviously a world champion, but if you’re sparring people who are better than you, then hopefully the fight will be a walk in the park. Sometimes I compare myself to her but she’s a world champion and I’ve been training for like two months." Bridges was recently crowned the IBF bantamweight champion after defeating Maria Cecilia Roman in March on points. The ‘Blonde Bomber’ was making her second attempt at a world title after suffering the only defeat of her 8-1 career when she challenged for the vacant WBA strap against Shannon Courtenay. Bridges has acted as a role model for Brookes throughout camp and has inspired the Brit to dream big when it comes to her own boxing career. "Me and Ebanie really resonate in that area because we are underestimated,” said Brookes. “I didn’t know how she would be with me at first, but she said to me ‘I’m used to not being accepted’. It’s just so heartwarming, we are so similar I feel like we really have a connection. "I always tell her my ambitions. I texted her saying ‘I really want to be the female Jake Paul haha’ and she said ‘don’t laugh because anything is possible’. It made me melt. I aspire to be like her because she is exactly what I want to be in a boxer, she’s absolutely stunning and is a unit in the ring. I look at her and I’m like ‘how can I be like that?’"