Homes in the UK aren’t really designed for hot weather. The thick insulation lining most houses hold a purpose to keep heat in - which doesn’t bode as well when temperatures reach scorching heights of 29C consistently over a number of weeks. The human body is hardwired to sleep better in cooler temperatures, meaning hotter weather can equal poorer sleep quality. Explaining why Britons might find it harder to sleep during the summer, Martin Seely, the sleep expert and CEO at MattressNextDay, said: “Whilst spring and summer is a real mood booster, many Britons feel sleepier during this season for several reasons. “Firstly, the heat and humidity can make it hard to fall asleep at night, which leads to tossing, turning, sweating and a lack of high-quality sleep. “Secondly, you may find that the excitement of longer and warmer days has led to you forgetting to prioritise sleep." He continued: “If you also find yourself making the most of a pub garden after work, it may be impacting your sleep. “Whilst heading to a bar for some beers is all fun and well, you should make sure to stop consuming alcohol within two to three hours of your bedtime.  READ MORE: UK heatwave warning: National emergency could be imminent   “Although alcohol can make feel sleepy due to its sedative properties and, therefore, make you fall asleep more quickly, your quality of sleep that night will be lower, and you’ll feel excessive daytime sleepiness the following date.” For a comfortable sleeping environment, experts suggest you should keep your bedroom at a temperature between 16 to 18C - which isn’t always achievable during the hotter summer months. A fan is a useful item to have to hand and will help lower the temperature, however, for those who don’t have one or find it an effective means to cool down, here are seven unique tips to help you sleep better during a heatwave. 1. Keep a 50p spray bottle of water next to your bed A small water-filled bottle of water can be the perfect solution for a humid night in bed. Steve Adams, CEO at Mattress Online said: "Keep a spray bottle next to your bed for fast, refreshing relief whenever you feel too hot - a couple of sprays across your face, or even on your pillow, should do the trick.  “You can purchase a spray bottle for 50p in most bargain stores, then fill it up with water and keep it in the fridge before bed for an extra cooling effect.” If you struggle to cool down at night, you could fill a hot water bottle up with cold water and put it in the freezer at least an hour before going to bed.Or for those who don’t have a hot water bottle, pop your pillowcase in the freezer for 15 minutes or so for a cool relief on your head and neck - you can do the same with socks. Naturally, the sun tends to be the hottest throughout the day. Mr Seeley said: “A top tip is to keep your blinds and curtains shut throughout the day, to prevent the sun from coming in. “This should keep your bedroom cooler a night-time when it’s time to fall asleep.” DON'T MISS: Hosepipe BAN warning: UK braced for new rules to tackle water shortage [INSIGHT]Hay fever: The 'best' ways to prevent sore, swollen eyes, and sneezing [EXPLAINED]UK heatwave: How hot is too hot to work? Your legal rights explained [ANALYSIS]     Forget your forehead, stay cool by rubbing an ice cube on your pulse points. Mr Adams said: “These are the areas where your blood vessels are close enough to the skin that you can feel a pulse, including your wrists, neck, inside your elbow and at the back of your knees. “Keeping your pulse points cool helps to lower your body temperature.” If you have a loft at home, keep the hatch open during the warmer months to let the heat rise. Mr Adams said: “This can help to keep your bedroom cooler as the heat won’t stay trapped on your second or third floor and instead will rise into your loft.” If you start to overheat in bed, even a little bit, you’re likely to wake up in the middle of the night which will disrupt your sleeping pattern. Mr Seeley said: “Sleeping naked is the fastest and easiest way of regulating your body temperature. “It also increases your chances of deeper sleep, which is needed to stay alert the following day, which is extra important if you’re at home.”  You should switch your duvet cover to know that is not only lighter in colour but in a lighter material to regulate your body temperature if you tend to sweat at night. Darker colours absorb heat whereas lighter colours reflect it, which will help reduce your body temperature as you sleep. Mr Adams said: “Bamboo is a breathable and moisture-wicking material, making it one of the best options if you sweat a lot during sleep. “Bamboo fabrics are also naturally hypoallergenic, which can help reduce allergy symptoms that normally come hand in hand with hot weather. Avoid cotton bedding at all costs, as it’s not moisture-wicking and can make you feel sweatier.” 