Former Arsenal defenders William Gallas and Mikael Silvestre have called out Mikel Arteta for his failure to qualify the side for the Champions League last season. The Gunners were pipped to fourth place in the Premier League by Tottenham and Silvestre says Arteta needs to turn the tables on their north London rivals to restore his reputation.    Arsenal enjoyed a positive season in many regards during the 2021/22 campaign, but still fell short of their goals, finishing two points adrift of Spurs in fifth place. That finish will see them return to the Europa League following an absence imposed by the eighth-place achieved in 2020/21, but they are still short of the Champions League. The Gunners have not featured in Europe’s premier cup competition for five years, yet qualification remains an expectation for many of the club’s fans and former players. Both Gallas and Silvestre played for the club during a more successful period under Arsene Wenger and therefore take a hard line when it comes to assessing Arteta’s efforts. “For me, the last two years [Mikel Arteta] failed,” Gallas told football.london. “That is simple. Because what we expect from Arsenal – the minimum – is to qualify for the Champions League. That is the minimum for a club like Arsenal. The minimum is to qualify for the Champions League and for two years it didn’t happen, so sorry, he failed.” JUST IN: Lisandro Martinez poses for picture ahead of Man Utd transfer  Silvestre agrees with his former Arsenal team-mate, but says he has seen some progress of the side under Arteta’s management. “If you measure the achievement on qualifying for the Champions League, then probably,” Silvestre told Lord Ping. “But we need to remember where they started, where they finished the season before and how hard the beginning of the season was. This season they need to improve on consistency in 90 minutes and from one game to another. Mikel is still young but he definitely needs to finish above Conte next season.” DON'T MISS Man Utd could sign three free agents to boost Ten Hag's hopes of glory Barcelona official confirms Man Utd agreement for De Jong and deadline Liverpool boss Klopp fires Nunez warning to fans after difficult debut  Arsenal have been busy in the summer transfer window as they aim to close the gap to Tottenham next season. The Gunners have brought in Gabriel Jesus, Fabio Vieira, Marquinhos and Matt Turner so far, and are also targeting Oleksandr Zinchenko and another central midfielder. Overhauling Conte’s side won’t be easy though, because Spurs have also been productive in the off-season, bringing in Richarlison, Fraser Forster, Ivan Perisic, Yves Bissouma and Clement Lenglet. With plenty of time left until the window shuts on September 1, there are bound to be more incomings and outgoings in north London. 