Liz Truss kickstarted her bid to become Tory leader with a speech to Conservative Party supporters gathered for the launch event in central London. But the Foreign Secretary appeared muddled after stepping down from the podium as she searched in vain for the exit door. Ms Truss looked around at the end of her speech seemingly unsure which direction to take. After a moment of hesitation, the Conservative leadership contender opted to head straight down the central aisle of the audience. Having reached the back of the room, Ms Truss seemed to realise her mistake and did a double take, once again looking around for the exit. Fortunately, one of the Foreign Secretary's aides appeared just in time to rescue his boss and guide her to the way out. Ms Truss had used her campaign launch to stress her credentials to become prime minister, pledging that she would be ready from "day one". At the speech in central London, the Foreign Secretary admitted that she did not have a conventional Tory background but promised to deliver Conservative values while in office. "I will campaign as a Conservative and I will govern as a Conservative," she said. "I am ready to be prime minister from day one."   She opened her speech with a clear message: "We are at a critical moment for our country." "Now is the time to be bold, we cannot have business-as-usual economic management, which has led to low growth for decades." To shouts of "hear, hear", she said that it was time to deliver on Brexit and "win the fight for freedom, at home and abroad". The Foreign Secretary is bidding to see off rival Penny Mordaunt, who is under fire from allies of Ms Truss after a surge of support for the trade minister. DON'T MISS:Tory leadership: Shock new Brexiteer poised to announce bid [REVEAL]Tory hopefuls spark hilarity with cringe-worthy campaign videos [VIDEO]Tory Party: Damian Green demands 'next PM has to be Tugendhat' [REPORT] Ms Mordaunt came second in the first round of voting on Wednesday, pushing Ms Truss into third place. The Portsmouth North MP's strong performance saw her claim 67 votes, 17 more than Ms Truss, with Mr Sunak picking up the support of 88 MPs. All eyes will be on Thursday's ballot after the exit of former health secretary Jeremy Hunt and Chancellor Nadhim Zahawi, as the remaining candidates jostle for votes from party colleagues. Ms Mordaunt came second in the first round of voting on Wednesday, pushing Ms Truss into third place. 