Question Time host Fiona Bruce was joined by Tory MP Bim Afolami and Labour's Chris Bryant for the BBC programme in Torquay. Both of Britain's main parties received a bashing from one members of the audience, a lady who launched a tirade against the "muckraking" in British politics and urged the parties to win back the trust of the people. The BBC QT audience members in Torquay told the panel:" I think the biggest concern is moving forward, because as to like showing, there's still a little bit of sniping going on between the two parties. "What and a lot of people are standing there for this candidate, you know, leadership, three weeks ago they were voting to keep Boris in then we'll step away we'll start a new sort of mandate, we're nothing to do with it and I'm going to stand for prime minister and perhaps because I stepped away a week ago, people in the public weren't actually noticed that I had anything to do with Boris. "That's a major concern and I think bickering amongst your party." Turning to Mr Byrant, she continued: I think criticism by the Labour Party, the Labour Party are fabulous at criticising but they don't actually come up with any ideas. "You know, you're doing this how do we know that we are now not going to be bogged down for the next six months with an in-depth investigation into this one, and he said and she said and they were doing this and more muckraking between the parties. "We need to know that who is going into power is actually going to win back the trust of the British people. "That they are going to start doing a job. "I think what they need to do is lots of little adjustments to the problems and the issues that this country has and create a domino effect and get Great Britain back on track." It comes as Rishi Sunak and Penny Mordaunt have maintained their places at the front of the Tory leadership race as Suella Braverman was eliminated. Foreign Secretary Liz Truss came in third but will hope to pick up votes from Ms Braverman's supporters in the next round. Mr Sunak picked up 101 votes, Ms Mordaunt 83, Ms Truss 64, Kemi Badenoch 49 and Tom Tugendhat 32. Ms Braverman had 27 votes, five fewer than she had in Wednesday's first round of the contest despite the field being smaller on Thursday. DON'T MISS:Tory leadership: Shock new Brexiteer poised to announce bid [REVEAL]Tory hopefuls spark hilarity with cringe-worthy campaign videos [VIDEO]Tory Party: Damian Green demands 'next PM has to be Tugendhat' [REPORT] Mr Tugendhat also dropped five votes, but his team insisted he would not quit the race. Ms Mordaunt gained the most votes, putting on 16 from Wednesday's total. Mr Sunak put on an extra 13 votes and is closing in on the 120 votes required to guarantee a place in the final two, who will face a vote of the Tory membership to decide the next party leader and prime minister. Ms Truss, who had a campaign launch speech earlier on Thursday, gained 14 votes but will hope that she can serve as a standard-bearer for the party's right, picking up supporters from not only Ms Braverman but also Ms Badenoch - who is under pressure from the Foreign Secretary's allies to pull out of the contest.