Shortly after their royal exit, Meghan and Prince Harry signed a multi-million pound deal with streaming service Netlfix. Almost two years down the line, the Duke and Duchess are yet to release any content. Now the couple have been accussed of "giving away content for free" and this could put their Netflix at risk because the streaming service could be wondering if they will get their "money's worth". Speaking on Australia's Sunrise, royal expert Angela Mollard discussed the Sussexes' deal with Netflix. Ms Mollard said: "[we] also have to think about the fact that they, in a sense, gave away, for free, to Oprah a lot of content. "They've told her a lot. "So what exclusivity does Netflix have." She added: "Lets say if they were to do a documentary on them. "If you were the boss of Netflix, you'd be thinking, oh am I getting my money's worth out of these two." READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: 'Insulting!' Prince Harry sparks backlash with latest intervention Ms Mollard said: "Voicing a couple of docos [documentaries] is really not cutting it. "I just don't think that they're bringing [that]. "There has to be an alignment of brands and whether or not that's happening, I don't think we can see that happening at this stage." Speaking of the Sussexes appearance at the Jubilee last month, she said: "They couldn't take cameras along. "As you might, Keeping Up With The Kardashians [style], have a camera right there doing everything you want to do, that's not how it works". READ MORE: Kate and Prince William take summer break with children ahead of 'significant changes' Earlier this year, Netflix made the decision to shelve a project that Meghan was due to begin work on, titled Pearl. The Duchess of Sussex spoke about the show last July and said: “Like many girls her age, our heroine Pearl is on a journey of self-discovery as she tries to overcome life’s daily challenges. “I am thrilled that Archewell Productions, partnered with the powerhouse platform of Netflix, and these incredible producers, will together bring you this new animated series, which celebrates extraordinary women throughout history.” The project was shelved as part of Netflix’s strategy to save money, it was reported. DON'T MISS Prince Harry gearing up for 'big surprise launch' for tell-all book [REVEAL]'Doesn't know what he wants' Prince Harry's future career in question [REPORT]Meghan's favourite jewel Harry exchanged for 'precious treasure' [REVEAL] Pearl is one of several projects to have been cancelled after the Netflix lost 200,000 subscribers at the beginning of the year. In April, a filming crew accompanied Harry and Meghan to the Invictus Games, as part of the upcoming Netflix documentary Heart of Invictus. The project was the first show announced as part of their deal with Netflix. READ NEXT: