Despite being a non-royal at birth, Princess Diana had a very regal upbringing in a stately home, set on a 550-acre estate called Althorp House. What was it like inside? Diana, Princess of Wales grew up in Althorp House in Northamptonshire, which was the aristocratic home of the Spencer family, very near Sandringham House.  A former Althorp cook, Betty Andrews, told the BBC in 1997: "Looking back, it was probably the happiest time of her [Diana’s] life.” What is it like inside? The South Drawing Room was where the family hosted guests. From the official Althorpe House Instagram page, royal fans can see some portraits on the walls.  READ MORE: 'Bizarre': Prince Andrew still lives with Sarah in £30m home There is a picture of Lady Georgina Spencer as a child, better known as the Duchess of Devonshire portrayed by Kiera Knightly in the film ‘The Duchess’. The King William bedroom, decorated in blues and yellows, was reportedly Diana's favourite place to sleep when she returned to visit Althorp after she was married. Having inherited Althorp House, her brother, Lord Charles Spencer, now resides there with his family. Charles Spencer often shares glimpses inside Althorp on social media for royal fans to enjoy.  He posted about the library on his Instagram account, calling it his favourite room in the house. It featured wooden floors with three large rugs, cream walls with shelves of books, and red armchairs and sofas. There were also several chandeliers. A photo of Earl Charles Spencer in the library in 1990 revealed a photo of Princess Diana on his desk. There was a grand hallway at the entrance of Althorp House with a large staircase, wooden bannisters and chandeliers, and gold paintings on the walls.  READ MORE: Prince Charles was love of Diana’s life–‘Still wanted to be with him' The Wootton Hall took its name from the artist John Wootton, whose works were on the walls. It featured Italian marble flooring, where Princess Diana would famously practice her tap dancing. Althorp House also had its own billiard room, complete with a large pool table. It was decorated with blue walls and a gold and cream ceiling, with several photos hanging on the walls.  The grand stately home was in Diana’s family for over five centuries, as 20 generations have lived there. Her aristocratic bloodline even traces back to George Washington. Diana’s ancestor, Sir John Spencer who grazed sheep in the village, bought the land in 1508 and built Althorp House using funds from his sheep-farming business. The sale was estimated to be worth around £800 at the time, which is around £922,000 in today's money. The 90-room house covers 550 acres. 