TV chef James Martin has lost an incredible amount of weight over the course of his on-screen career and his secret to doing so is simple. The Saturday Morning star revealed he still eats the same but does one thing every single day which helps maintain his lower weight. Over the years, James has dropped an incredible five stone. With his love for food, he didn't make any major changes to his diet or calorie intake and instead just watched what he drank. His ITV show viewers know that James loves an alcoholic drink every now and again, but after he cut out the booze and fizzy drinks altogether, his physique changed dramatically. He made sure he was consuming - and still does - the recommended two litres of water per day to keep his body hydrated and healthy. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake James said: "The way I lost weight is by cutting down soft drinks. "I drink a lot of water, two litres every day. I still eat exactly the same. "Losing weight is a balance of everything, it's getting off your a**e and doing more and not eating less, but eating a variety of different things." He admitted lockdown was perhaps a cause for bingeing, but by ensuring he stays hydrated, he has felt more energised and more switched on mentally. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] He said: "Water is the key. "As you get older, I realised I don't need to go to the gym, I'm working [in the kitchen] all the time anyway. "Water keeps your brain healthy and it keeps your skin healthy and it keeps your focused – it's crazy when you give up soft drinks how much more your brain feels alive, it's very weird." The regular This Morning cook has always been open about his weight. READ MORE: Fitness: How to 'increase fat burning' in a heatwave - expert advice James, who is 6ft 4in tall, weighed 19st 17lb at his heaviest. Back in 2018, he said: "I looked on social media and every comment was about me being fat. "So I lost a stone and a half. And no doubt I’ll lose another stone on this tour." He also spoke about feeling self-conscious when he saw himself on TV. James explained: "I've lost a stone-ish. "I just think it's a lifestyle thing and also looking at yourself on TV. “I don't really watch the programmes that I do because you get critical of yourself. You kind of watch and go, 'Oh God there's a bit of a chin happening there.’ “And everybody's TVs are bigger now. Before you used to watch TV on a small one and now they're massive," he told The Sun.