Roger Federer has been spotted at Wimbledon a year after playing his last match in the quarter-finals here. The eight-time champion at the All England Club has returned to be a part of a special presentation to mark 100 years of Centre Court today. Federer is back at Wimbledon almost exactly a year after playing his first match. There were rumours the Swiss tennis icon would be involved in a special presentation on Centre Court today, on what is the 100 year anniversary of the main showcourt and the first-ever Middle Sunday with play as part of the new tournament schedule. And the eight-time champion at SW19 was spotted walking around the grounds in a suit on Sunday morning ahead of the ceremony, which takes place at 1.30pm. The tournament confirmed that the celebrations would take place ahead of play on the main court today, saying: "Celebrating the centenary of Centre Court at Church Road and looking ahead to what the next 100 years may bring is the focus of this year's Wimbledon. "On Sunday 3 July - the first time that Middle Sunday has been a permanent part of the event schedule - there will be a special ceremony taking place on Centre Court." JUST IN: Wimbledon fans accused of watching Nick Kyrgios 'for wrong reasons'  Federer played his most recent match in the quarter-final at Wimbledon last year, crashing out to Hubert Hurkacz and suffering his first-ever bagel set loss at the All England Club during the defeat. He then underwent a third knee surgery in less than two years after revealing he had suffered a "setback" with his injury on the grass. The 40-year-old is set to make his return in London later this year, with the Laver Cup taking place in the O2 Arena from September 23 to 25. And he will then return to official competition a month later at his home tournament, the Swiss Indoors Basel. DON'T MISSNadal sends message to Federer after causing a storm at WimbledonNick Kyrgios refuses to apologise for Wimbledon outburst vs TsitsipasKyrgios slams 'not liked' Tsitsipas and fires shots after 'circus'  The 20-time Major champion is still hoping to be able to return to the All England Club as a competitor next year after saying he felt "like a racehorse in a box" waiting to return to competition. Federer recently revealed he was hoping to play a normal season in 2023 if his body allowed, meaning he could return to Wimbledon in the men's singles draw. "Yes, definitely," he told Tages-Anzeiger when asked if he wanted to return to the tour next year. "How and where, I don't know yet. But that would be the idea.”