The London Fire Brigade (LFB) said it is once again tackling "significant" incidents of weather-related fires in the capital. It tweeted: "London Fire Brigade is dealing with a number of weather related fires across the capital. We’re tackling significant incidents in #Enfield, #Hayes and Thamesmead. Between midnight and 5pm we’ve attended more incidents than we would in a normal 24 hour period. "Please help us prevent further fires by cancelling all planned BBQs, removing rubbish especially glass from grassland & disposing cigarettes correctly. "Our firefighters & control officers are doing a fantastic job in challenging conditions. Your co-operation will help us greatly." Footage shared on social media shows thick plumes of smoke rising from near the Thames. Eight fire engines, the fire boat and 65 firefighters are battling the blaze. Local residents have been urged to close their doors and windows.  The LFB tweeted: "Eight fire engines, the fire boat and around 65 firefighters are dealing with a grass fire on Defence Close in #Thamesmead. "Please close your doors and windows if you live nearby." In Hayes, 10 fire engines and around 70 firefighters are tackling a blaze in Cranford Park. Five hectares of grass and shrubland is alight and has caused heavy smoke in West London. READ MORE: Sky nightmare after asylum expert unleashes foul-mouth rant  The LFB tweeted: "We now have 10 fire engines and around 70 firefighters tackling the fire in Cranford Park in Hayes. "Five hectares of grass and shrubland is alight. It is causing heavy smoke in West #London so please close doors and windows if nearby." The LFB later added on Twitter: "Steady progress is being made at the Cranford Park fire in Hayes. "Firefighters yet again have shown their bravery; working in hot temperatures to tackle the blaze. DON'T MISSBrexit LIVE: French excuses over Dover travel 'mess' dismantled [BLOG]Heathrow Airport: Smoke spotted on runway as huge blaze breaks out [PICTURES]Covid: Symptom unique to Omicron variants extends to 'tip' of nose [LATEST]  "It is still smoky in West London so close windows if affected." Earlier this afternoon, 15 fire engines and around 100 firefighters tackled a huge grassfire over an area of 20 hectares in Rammey Marsh, Enfield. Grassland "the size of four football pitches" was alight. That fire is now under control. The LFB had tweeted: "Ten fire engines and around 70 firefighters are dealing with a grass fire in Rammey Marsh, Enfield. "It is producing a lot of smoke so please close your doors and windows if you're in the local area.  It added: "Grassland the size of four football pitches is alight in Rammey Marsh, Enfield. Firefighters are working extremely hard in hot and challenging conditions." The fire service later tweeted: "We now have 15 fire engines and around 100 firefighters tackling the grass fire in Rammey Marsh in Enfield. "Please help us reduce grass fires today by not having BBQs & disposing of cigarettes properly. "The fire at Rammey Marsh in Enfield is over an area of 20 hectares. "Please spare a thought for firefighters working in this heat and help us prevent further fires by not barbecuing, removing glass from grassland and disposing cigs correctly."  