Columnist Dan Wootton claimed a courtier told him in early 2019 that royal aides suspected the Royal Family was "just a stepping stone" for the Duchess of Sussex. The source reportedly said Meghan, who is living in California with Prince Harry after quitting royal duties in 2020, was eyeing up "something bigger" with a move into American politics. Writing for MailOnline, Mr Wootton cited the courtier as telling him: "I am now convinced there is something bigger going on here – an eventual plan that involves running for office in America. "She’s obsessed with US politics. "I think we’re (the Royal Family) now just a stepping stone to something she considers far more important and attractive." Mr Wootton added that he also has "no doubt" that Meghan "views herself a major political figure of the future". The GB News presenter added: "After all, what’s bigger than being a princess in the British Royal Family? "Becoming the first female President of the United States, of course! "I concede such delusions of grandeur are very unlikely to result in the most self-obsessed woman in Hollywood (and that’s saying something) becoming leader of the free world, but that doesn’t mean Meghan isn’t going to do everything to try and make it there." There has been ongoing speculation that the former actress could one day run for US President. READ MORE: Meghan 'dreamed of being a princess like Kate' before Harry meeting The Duchess's recent intervention on the US abortion ruling has fuelled rumours of her political ambitions. Meghan hit out at the decision by the US Supreme Court last week to end constitutional protections for abortion that have been in place for nearly 50 years by overturning the landmark Roe v Wade ruling. She made the comments in a conversation with American feminist activist Gloria Steinem and journalist Jessica Yellin published in Vogue. Meghan said: "Women are already sharing stories of how their physical safety is being put in danger. DON'T MISSMeghan Markle tipped to cause 'even more headaches' to Royal FamilyMeghan bullying probe slammed as 'derision' growsRoyal Family: Meghan Markle's political dream gets major BOOST "Women with resources will travel to get an abortion, those without might attempt to give themselves one at tremendous risk. "What does this tell women? It tells us that our physical safety doesn't matter, and as a result that we don't matter. But we do. Women matter." Meghan warned the move is a "blueprint for reversing rights" including same-sex marriage and contraception access as she urged people to make the voices heard by voting in the US midterm elections later this year. She said: "It feels like the tip of the iceberg and is part of why people feel so scared. "We have to channel that fear into action. We can start this November in the midterms. "I know hearing that feels so repetitive, but we have to vote, every time, from local elections to state and national elections." Meghan also revealed "feminist" Prince Harry shared her "guttural" reaction to the ruling and called on men to join women by speaking out. She said: "Men need to be vocal in this moment and beyond because these are decisions that affect relationships, families, and communities at large. "They may target women, but the consequences impact all of us. My husband and I talked about that a lot over the past few days. He’s a feminist too." The Duchess also hinted she could travel to Washington to protest, saying: "Well, Gloria, maybe it seems as though you and I will be taking a trip to D.C. together soon." 