Currently, there are 15 groups of people that qualify for free prescriptions, however, most people need to pay prescription charges. The price of medication has been frozen at £9.35, so for those who need multiple medications each month, this number could add up. A great way to save money on NHS medication is by purchasing a prepayment certificate, otherwise known as a PPC. Getting a prepayment certificate allows Britons to claim as many NHS prescriptions they need for a set price which is ideal for those on repeat prescriptions. Experts have said that people can save upwards of £340 if they are in receipt of multiple prescriptions. There are two PPC options that people can choose from. READ MORE: Universal Credit claimants could receive an extra £156 each week - are you eligible?  The PPC will start from the day someone submits their application unless they request a different start date, but the start date must be within one month before or after the date of their application. Britons can also call the PPC order line on 0300 330 1341. Their certificate will be valid from the day they make the phone call, unless they request otherwise. If someone has to pay for prescriptions while they’re waiting for details about a new PPC and need to apply for a refund, they should ask the pharmacist for an NHS receipt (FP57) so they can claim back the cost. READ MORE: TV licence: Simple steps to get your refund worth £159 Alice Haine, a personal finance analyst at Bestinvest, outlined just how much people can save using a PPC. Their PPC must cover the date they paid the prescription charge. It's possible to claim the refund of prescription charges up to three months after paying. Ms Haines explained: “If you take regular medications and therefore have a lot of NHS prescriptions to pay for – with each prescription costing £9.35 per item - it can be cheaper to buy a prescription prepayment certificate.  “Effectively a season ticket for prescriptions, it covers all NHS prescriptions including dental, no matter how many items you need. “While a three-month PPC costs £30.25 and will save you money if you need more than three prescribed items during that period, the 12-month option costs £108.10 and saves you money if you need more than 11 prescribed items a year. “To break down the savings further: two items a month will save a 12-month PPC holder £116.30 a month, with three items per month leading to a saving of £228.50 and four items per month £340.70 - that’s the equivalent of £28.39.” Those interested in applying for a prepayment certificate if they do not qualify for free prescriptions can apply via the NHS website.