Double F1 world champion Fernando Alonso has labelled the sport 'boring' amid claims that only four drivers are realistically in contention to win the Drivers' Championship. Lewis Hamilton was not listed as part of Alonso's chosen quartet, with the Mercedes star only recently getting up to speed after a slow start to 2022. Alonso is a veteran of 344 Grands Prix, winning back-to-back world titles with Renault in 2005 and 2006. The 40-year-old is rarely shy in voicing his opinions and is seemingly not concerned with upsetting F1 authorities as he ventures further into the twilight of his career. The Spaniard told Dutch broadcaster NOS that F1 is 'predictable' and 'too boring', adding: "It's all about Red Bull and Ferrari. Only Max Verstappen, Charles Leclerc, Carlos Sainz and Sergio Perez can win. I don't know of any other sport that's like this. "The GPs have become more fun and with these cars you can fight better. Still, I think it's too boring, but it's also part of F1. There will always be teams that are faster than others."  DON'T MISS: Daniel Ricciardo on McLaren pressure, realistic goals and being 'too nice' - EXCLUSIVE The refusal to put Hamilton in the mix with the four front-runners suggests that Alonso is on board with those who feel that the Mercedes star has no hope of clawing back the huge deficit in 2022. The 37-year-old may not have many more chances to add to his seven world titles, having agonisingly missed out to Verstappen in Abu Dhabi last season. With the current campaign now at its halfway stage, Hamilton sits a full 99 points behind the Championship leader. The Brit may even have his work cut out finishing top of the Silver Arrows' garage, with George Russell still 19 points ahead after a string of top-five finishes. Mercedes have made strides with regard to porpoising in recent weeks, and things are looking much rosier than they were back in April when Hamilton ruled himself out of the title fight. "I'm out of it, for sure," he said. "There's no question about that, but I'll still keep working as hard as I can to try and somehow pull it back together somehow." Team principal Toto Wolff was similarly downbeat after Hamilton finished P13 in Emilia Romagna, but actively shifted the blame away from the driver and towards the car. "We are not good enough for a world champion, not worthy for a world champion," he admitted. "We just need to fix the car. Lewis deserves better from us.  "But we are a team, so we all need to do the utmost in order to provide him with a machine that is able to fight for the front positions. The guy is the best driver in the world and he is just not having the machine and the equipment underneath him to be able to execute." It remains to be seen whether Hamilton can prove Alonso wrong next time out at Circuit Paul Ricard. The French Grand Prix, scheduled for July 24, is a big one for the latter with Alpine hoping to put on a show in front of their home fans.