Aries (Mar21/Apr20) Taurus (Apr21/May21) A photograph, song or something you find at the back of a cupboard will trigger some happy memories. Enjoy the time you spend exploring your memories but don't allow your mind to remain there. There's a tendency to cling to the past in an attempt to blot out what is going on in the present. Gemini (May22/June21) Your popularity will soar especially if you are booked to share time with others at a social gathering. Even if you are mixing with people who are new to you, expect to find yourself instantly at ease with them. Others admire your sparkling form. You're wondering whether a friend or colleague's exciting ideas are worth considering, or are they impractical? Cancer (June22/July23) Be patient if a job isn't going too well. You might reach the conclusion that all efforts you've made recently have come to nothing. This is not so. You owe it to yourself to keep going. Once you get over the next hurdle, there will be a strong sense of achievement. READ MORE: Best place to live in the UK for each star sign - 'Perfect place' Leo (July24/Aug23) The chance of a promotion is not one you should dismiss without thinking about it. Taking on extra responsibilities may not be as difficult as it first sounds and it will provide you with greater financial security. The higher your status the more confident you will feel. Virgo (Aug24/Sept23) A productive relative or in-law is keen to get you or someone who is close to you out of a rut. Go with their attempts to persuade you to try something new. Have faith in other people's intentions and show an adventurous spirit to the world.  Libra (Sept24/Oct23) You will be asked to organise a small family celebration. Hosting a party will bring out the best in you. Take this opportunity to go shopping for food, supplies and decorations. An unexpected guest will turn up to share in this get-together. Scorpio (Oct24/Nov22) There's a lot of paperwork to get through, which makes it feel as if you are spending more time than usual replying to emails, filling in forms and making phone calls. These are important if only for the fact that once they are out of the way, you will be able to apply yourself to other matters. READ MORE: Star sign: Best dog for each star sign - 'perfect' compatibility Sagittarius (Nov23/Dec21) It doesn't matter how excited you are about new ideas and possibilities; curb any desire to push people into making immediate decisions. Family and friends are more likely to come around to your way of seeing things if you leave them to mull over your proposals. Capricorn (Dec22/Jan20) All the family could benefit from a change of scenery. Breaking free from routine responsibilities and going to a place where you can rest, relax and recharge will be a relief. Spending time away from familiar surroundings will make life easier if a youngster has been playing up a lot lately. Aquarius (Jan21/Feb19) Pisces (Feb20/Mar20) Creative pastimes and jobs that require imagination and inspiration will bring out the best in you. Your talent in successfully tackling issues that need an imaginative approach will work strongly in your favour.