England will take on Sweden in the first semi-final at Euro 2022 this evening but are likely to face their toughest test yet in their efforts to reach this weekend's all-important final at Wembley. The Lionesses have breezed through the vast majority of the tournament so far but needed extra-time to defeat Spain in their most recent outing in the quarter-finals. Ella Toone's late equaliser and Georgia Stanway's extra-time winner helped England to seal a remarkable comeback victory against Spain after initially going a goal behind just before the hour mark. Sarina Weigman's side will be hoping to get the job done in 90 minutes against Sweden this evening but could face a similarly tricky task in downing their next opponents, who are the highest-ranked team left at Euro 2022. Sweden have won three of their last four Women's Euro matches against England and today's fixture at Bramall Lane will represent their first meeting in the competition since 2009, when the two sides played out a score draw in the group stages. Weigman has already urged her Lionesses stars to break their duck against Sweden at the very next opportunity in order to continue their stunning run at this year's tournament and give themselves an elusive shot at continental glory at Wembley later this week. "We’re in the now, all the focus is on our game tomorrow against Sweden, and that’s the only thing we talk about," the England boss told reporters on Monday. "How do we want to play, how we collaborate as a team, how we can try to exploit their weaknesses, take out their strengths and use our own strengths. That’s the only thing we’re talking about. "I think it’s going to be a very tight game. We know they’ve performed really well over the last years, they’ve always performed really well in the women’s game, they are number two in the FIFA rankings. "It’s going to be a difficult game. I think totally different to what we had against Spain, because they have a different style of play, but we’re prepared." Follow Express Sport's live updates from England vs Sweden below.