Storm Huntley, 35, and her husband, Kerr Okan, welcomed their beautiful baby boy on Monday morning. Jeremy Vine’s co-host made the happy announcement later in the day and shared an adorable photograph of her little bundle of joy. In the picture, Storm beamed as she cradled her son in her arms. The little one slept peacefully and fans got a glimpse of his full head of black hair.In the caption, Storm said he was born at 9.17am and weighed a healthy 7.7lbs.  She also revealed that his name is Otis Abi Okan and added the sweet message: “So this is the little person who will forever hold my heart in his hands.”Storm was inundated with congratulatory messages from her friends, including her co-host Jeremy who penned: “So beautiful! Congrats and [love] to the whole family from us.”Jeremy Vine regular, Nicola McLean, also said: “Wow! Congratulations to both of you. Love his name.” READ MORE:'Do miss each other' Pauline Collins on being 'separated' from husband Presenter Carol Smillie gushed: “Fab name and you look so fresh! Huge congrats to you and Mr O.”Celebs Go Dating host Anna Williamson added: “Ahhhh huge congratulations.”JLS band member JB Gill wrote: “Whoop whoooop!! Congratulations to you all! Welcome Otis.”And Ashley James said: “CONGRATULATIONS LOVELY. Hope you're both doing ok.” When Storm left the Channel 5 show to go on maternity leave last week, her husband Kerr joined her on the show and joked that he wasn’t keen on her names of choice.The singer joked: “The name has to be something I feel comfortable shouting in the park. Obviously I’m called Kerr and Storm is Storm, it’s not going to be called Gary is it? It’s not going to be a conventional name.”Storm then chimed in: “He’s vetoed some names that I thought were fabulous. Phoenix? Phoenix is a great name.”Her unimpressed husband then jibed: “If he’s a stripper!” DON'T MISSRegé-Jean Page defends Florence Pugh 'Take a look at yourself fellas!'[LATEST]Novak Djokovic's wife addresses marriage ahead of Wimbledon[INSIGHT]Nick Knowles, 59, looks smitten with new girlfriend Katie Dadzie[NEWS] Storm had been documenting her pregnancy and had a tough time in the final months as she developed gestational diabetes and contracted Covid just weeks ago.She announced she was pregnant with her first child back in January.The Scottish presenter shared a clever post which consisted of her rocker husband peering into an oven where a bun was being cooked. She added the caption: “Something’s cooking!”Storm and LaFontaines lead singer Kerr tied the knot in September 2021 after becoming engaged in October the year before.They wed on the banks of Loch Lomond in Scotland and Carol Smillie was the officiating registrar.