Manchester United have now spent over a month working on the signing of Frenkie de Jong - a deal that looks no further along the line than it was four weeks ago. Although the Red Devils are of the belief they have agreed a basic fee with the Catalan giants, it's clear they still face numerous obstacles in order to get a deal over the line for the Dutchman. Time is effectively running out, that's despite United adopting the stance that they will take as long as they need to sign their top target. They are prepared to wait right up until the final stages of the transfer window to get De Jong over the line - if that is what it takes. But in the background of the transfer chaos is a worthwhile alternative, a player that would certainly be worth pursuing. Erik ten Hag is believed to be a fan of Youri Tielemans but as of now, he is not a player of priority to United. READ MORE: Erik ten Hag 'overruled Man Utd recruitment team' on separate signing to Lisandro Martinez However, his contract situation at Leicester means he could be available for as little as £25m this summer, as Arsenal also monitor the situation. Tielemans has less than one year remaining on his contract and with the Foxes currently struggling to finance a transfer budget, they could do with a helping hand from United. This wouldn't simply be United doing Leicester a favour though, for Tielemans is a midfielder that would bring huge qualities to the table. The former Monaco man is a dead-ball specialist that is capable of impacting the games at both ends of the field DON'T MISS MORE UNITED GOSSIPMan Utd make Paulo Dybala transfer intervention after Cristiano Ronaldo hammer blowMan Utd boss Erik ten Hag orders 'fast' third signing as board finalise two transfer dealsLisandro Martinez copies Antony with transfer plea as Ajax refuse Man Utd and Arsenal bids He has chipped in with six goals in each of the past two Premier League seasons and has made a name for himself as one of the most consistent midfielders in the division to date. Tielemans is a top-quality passer of the ball, who can transform defence into attack with one stroke of his boot. He is a master of his craft and will only improve in the coming years - particularly if he plays with better players. His low price tag makes this deal an absolute no-brainer for United as they continue to stall on a deal for De Jong. There is no denying that De Jong is a superior operator but in terms of familiarity with the Premier League and a 4-3-3 system, Tielemans represents a great fit for this United side. He is a signing that would simply lift the dressing room following last season's dismal campaign and having lost both Paul Pogba and Nemanja Matic, United need midfield reinforcements. Click here to buy the new Man Utd home shirt The longer the De Jong saga rumbles on, the more likely Barcelona will dig their heels into the ground. The same could effectively apply to Leicester, if they cannot agree a sale in the coming weeks. Furthermore, the later in the window we go, the more likely selling clubs will try to pull the wool over United's eyes. In the past, United have backed themselves into a corner before coughing up mega cash and that simply cannot afford to happen if this is supposedly a new era at Old Trafford. The lack of progress in the transfer market has created an all too similar feeling but there is still time to rectify their slow start to the window. Tielemans would be a great starting point...