At present, those in defined contribution pensions can usually start taking an income, lump sums, or both from the age of 55. This is known as the Normal Minimum Pension Age (NMPA) and could kickstart a person’s retirement. However, the Government has confirmed its plans to increase the minimum age of access from 55 to 57. The change will take place from 2028 onwards, and from that point onwards, it will remain 10 years below state pension age. This is because by 2028, the state pension age is forecasted to hit 67. There will be some exceptions to the rule when it comes to the raised NMPA. READ MORE: Pensioners urged to claim for £3,300 as thousands miss out on £650 Members of so-called ‘uniformed pension schemes’ will retain an NMPA of 55, the age it is at present. This includes those who are in the armed forces, the police, as well as fire services. The reason for the NMPA rise is typically attributed to increases generally in life expectancy. Britain has an ageing population, and with people expected to live longer, they will need to make their money stretch for longer also. DON'T MISSState pensioners call for end to ‘two-tier’ payment system [LATEST]30-year ‘secret tax grab’ continues as ‘potent weapon' lives on [ANALYSIS]Inheritance warning: Britons face ‘nasty surprise’ in retirement [INSIGHT] However, it is worth Britons knowing the rules so they do not get a nasty surprise when it comes to their retirement. Individuals cannot usually take money from their pension before reaching the age of 55. However, there are some rare instances where this is possible, such as if an individual is in poor health. Others will have a protected pension age lower than 55, but should check with their pension provider. READ MORE: Who will get a £326 cost of living payment this month? As such, savers should always be wary if they are told they could release funds from their pension before the age of 55. It could mean they are being targeted by a scam, which could have devastating consequences for retirement. Individuals could lose their money and face a tax charge of up to 55 percent of the amount taken out or transferred. They may also face further charges from their provider, so it is important to think carefully. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea On the NMPA, a Government spokesperson previously told Express.co.uk: “We announced the change in the normal minimum pension age to 57 in 2014. “This is 14 years in advance of the change, to give people time to make financial plans. “We are revolutionising how consumers keep track of their pension information by introducing pensions dashboards – a single online place for people to access via their digital device at any time, putting the saver more in control and transforming how they think and plan for their retirement.”