Robert (played by Ryan Hawley) was sent to prison in 2019 for killing Lee Posner (Kris Mochrie), the man who raped his sister, Victoria Sugden (Isabel Hodgins). Last year on Emmerdale, it was revealed it was actually Luke Posner (Max Parker) who dealt the killer blow to his brother but Robert told his sister he wanted to stay in jail as there was nothing for him on the outside world. Even though he is banged up, his headstrong sibling could make a few visits to him in upcoming scenes on the ITV soap as she comes up with a plan following Friday night's episode to help her partner, David Metcalfe (Matthew Wolfenden). The drama began in the latest instalment of the weeknight serial drama as Victoria finally discovered her other half had been having money problems. She was shocked to discover she was the last one to know, with the likes of Eric Pollard (Chris Chittell), Brenda Walker (Lesley Dunlop) and Priya Sharma (Fiona Wade) all knowing what was going on. Victoria wasn't impressed with her discovery and it wasn't long before she had a heated confrontation with her boyfriend in the village shop. "I know about your debts," she remarked, with David trying to act coy by replying: "I have absolutely no idea what you're talking about." Giving examples of how she knew, Victoria said: "Well we can start with the unpaid invoices I've found or your failed loan application." READ MORE: Ralf Little heartbroken as he uncovers 'upsetting' family secret "You've been spying on me?" David replied as he knew the game was up, with his girlfriend stating: "Only because I knew something was up. First, it was Amba's ballet fees and then Jacob told me about the bread delivery." "Everyone forgets to pay bills now and then, no big deal," the shopkeeper bit back as he knew his pride had been dented. "Will you stop trying to hide it, David? Why didn't you tell me?" Victoria asked, with her partner being very blunt toward her. "Because it's got nothing to do with you, I'm dealing with it," he responded with Robert's sister trying to explain she was an invaluable source. "If you just stopped for a minute, you would see I'm here because I care and I want to help. If only you'd come to me sooner you wouldn't be in this mess," she said. David hit back: "Really? And you think you can solve this because you're smarter than me?" with Victoria saying she would never think that. "I might have a few problems with the shop but I don't need you to solve it, I'm dealing with it," he said as he got more frustrated. "But you're not, are you? We're a couple so that means we help each other," Victoria replied, with her boyfriend stating: "I've told you I don't need help." "We both know you do," she added, with David telling her: "Listen, you can't just wave a magic wand and make this all right? Anyway, my dad and Brenda have given me a stopgap loan." Victoria was shocked to learn others had known before her, with David replying: "Yes. But the point is I need to pay that back before I do anything else." DON'T MISS...Nicola Wheeler health: Emmerdale star opens up about operation [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Charley Webb laments 'crying, screaming and arguing' kids [COMMENT]Laura Norton weight loss: ITV star ditched drink and lost 3st [ANALYSIS] "I just need a big injection of cash and that's what I'm working on," he continued. Victoria persisted to help as she told her partner: "But I can do that quicker than you. I just need to make a few phone calls." Later in the episode, it was explained Victoria had sold some land her grandmother left her to Moira Barton (Natalie J Robb) to help clear some of her partner's debts. "I didn't ask you to sell anything. I'm man enough to sort out my own problems, thank you very much," the annoyed character remarked. Despite her boyfriend being incredibly ungrateful, Victoria added: "Don't be ridiculous, we're a team so we work together." David wasn't having any of it as he said: "That land is your inheritance, it's got nothing to do with me," with Vitoria telling him it did. "Yes it is, we needed cash and this is the way we can get it," she remarked. "And so can I. And being part of a couple doesn't mean you can go snooping and spying and interfering in my business,' the businessman snapped. "You know it's not like that," Victoria said as she tried to defuse the situation, with her boyfriend telling her: "Damn right it's not because I'm not having it. It's my shop and my life and my decisions." It seems the shopkeeper won't take the money from his partner but there could be someone who could help Victoria with her case. Turning up at the prison to see Robert, Victoria could beg him to let some of his inheritance go so she wouldn't be spending hers. This would mean David could be willing to accept the money if it wasn't coming out of his girlfriend's pocket. With his life on the outside world seemingly stripped away from him, Robert could agree to hand over the money his sister needs. However, he could make a demand for himself as he would tell his sister if he gave her the money he would never want to see her again. Will Robert return one final time as he brings his journey in the village to an end? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.