Wearing a light blue shirt, he is seen smiling in the photo, which was taken on a sandy shoreline by his mother the Duchess of Cambridge. She captured her son's image on camera during a family holiday in the UK earlier this month.  Kensington Palace said Catherine and husband Prince William were “delighted” to share the snap with the public. The Duchess of Cambridge always takes the official photographs of his two younger siblings, Charlotte and Louis. But on closer inspection, it seems that Kate isn’t usually the person behind the camera when it comes to her eldest, usually recruiting a professional photographer for George. So why are Prince George’s birthday portraits different from his siblings’? Well, according to sources, it’s all about lineage, with Prince George being third in line to the throne.  Taking to Twitter to explain why Prince George’s photos have until now been taken by a professional photographer, royal site Gert’s Royals explained. The platform wrote: “1. He’s heir to the throne. “2. A number of them were ‘bonus photos’ from previous released sets. (E.g. Charlotte & Louis’s Christenings).” While the Duchess is a keen photographer, it has recently emerged that the decision to take her children’s portraits is less to do with her passion project, but rather to ensure her children’s privacy and freedom.  READ MORE: Prince William and Kate could skip US trip to avoid private flight row According to Zoe Bonser, Show Director at The Baby Show, via Express.co.uk, the Duchess takes official portraits of George, Charlotte and Louis in order to “use her artistic skills” – but also to retain “freedom and power over what is used in public”. Prince George Alexander Louis - known as His Royal Highness Prince George of Cambridge - was born on July 22 2013. He was born in the private Lindo Wing of St Mary's Hospital in central London and appeared in front of the world's media a day later, when Prince William and Kate stood cradling him on the hospital steps. George is third in the royal line of succession, meaning he will be King following his father, the Duke of Cambridge, and, before him, his grandfather, the Prince of Wales.  DON'T MISS:London hoping to become Olympic host city for record fourth time Putin looking to strengthen ally ties as he pushes into phase 2 of warAberdeen fire: Farm ablaze as ‘plumes of black smoke’ rise into air