Johanna Konta has jumped to the defence of Emma Raducanu after the British No 1 hit out at questions over her feeling pressure as "a joke". Raducanu came into Wimbledon this week under a cloud of doubt surrounding her fitness after picking up an injury at the Nottingham Open. Raducanu celebrated her Centre Court debut with an impressive first-round win over Alison Van Uytvanck. But Carolina Garcia, who won a grasscourt title the week before Wimbledon, had too much for Raducanu in the second round. Raducanu appeared spiky in her post-match press conference, knocking back any suggestions that she feels any pressure to perform having the spotlight thrust upon her from an early age. She said: "There's no pressure. Like, why is there any pressure? "I'm still 19. Like, it's a joke. I literally won a slam." Her comments soon went viral on social media with some fans questioning her attitude. JUST IN: Nick Kyrgios slapped with biggest Wimbledon fine along with 13 others  But Konta, who retired from professional tennis back in December, has jumped to the defence of her compatriot for just speaking facts. "She definitely presents modern maturity in her knowledge about herself and what she wants to do and the direction she wants to go," Konta told Express Sport "What she said is a fact, she is a Grand Slam champion and she's 19 years old so they're literally just facts that she said. "She has every right to say these facts. In terms of pressure, again pressure is very much absorbed and dealt with individually. DON'T MISS  "I think it's great if she's able to digest the situation in this way and see it in a way that it's just a part of the job and actually not a big deal." Konta also tipped the 19-year-old to bounce back from her defeat to Garcia and continue growing into the WTA Tour. "Caroline Garcia played a great match," she said. "She just was the better player on that day. "Obviously Emma is going to continue to be working to improve physically and improve her tennis. So that's going to take time and I think we all know that." Samsung’s new premium TV range – including Samsung Neo QLED TVs – features Multi View and with this, users can play their mobile content alongside the TV programme, all at once on the same screen. Individuals can simply cast their screen to the TV with screen mirroring to split the big TV screen2 so that they can keep an eye on one sport whilst following another at the same time. For more information on Samsung TV’s range and Multi View, please visit: https://www.samsung.com/uk/tvs/smart-tv/multi-view/