Ronnie Wood's ex-wife Jo Wood has told how the Rolling Stones rocker was left in shock after spotting a UFO while they were on holiday together. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, the former model, 67, told of her UFO encounter while she and Ronnie and their children were holidaying in Brazil. Jo said: "It was the night before we were leaving, and I was packing all the kids clothes. "And Ronnie was out there and he started chatting, saying 'Jo quick get out here, there's something weird in the sky.' "So I went outside to see what was going on. "And there was this thing hanging over the sea," she explained. READ MORE: Age-defying Vera Wang, 73, looks decades younger on her birthday Jo went on: "It was big and it looked and it had light. "It was at night, but you could see the lights coming up from underneath it onto the sea. "[Ronnie] said, 'What the hell is that?' While he ran in to get his glasses, [the UFO] lifted out, went off to the right. "And then shot across the sky," she said. Elsewhere in her chat to Express.co.uk, Jo opened up on her love life following her split from her ex-husband, Rolling Stones guitarist, Ronnie Wood. The star didn't rule out marrying for a third time but said that it's not on her mind at the moment as she's "happy" being single. When asked if she would consider marrying for a third time, the mother-of-three told how it isn't on the cards for her at the moment. Jo said: "Who knows? I'm quite happy as I am actually. DON'T MISS...Amanda Owen addresses ‘chaotic’ home life at Ravenseat amid split [UPDATE]Amanda Holden, 51, stuns as she shows off endless toned legs in shorts [INSIGHT]Jane Seymour, 71, stuns in rare pics alongside lookalike sisters [ANALYSIS] "You know, you never know. You can never say never. "But I'm quite happy as I am," Jo admitted. She added: "I've got my kids around me. I've got lots of friends. I'm good." Jo and Ronnie married in 1985. They seperated in 2009 following 26 years of marriage but remained close. Jo and Ronnie share three children, Jo's adopted son Jamie, daughter Leah, and son Tyrone. Ahead of marrying the Stones musician, Jo was previously married to Peter Greene. In 1973, the couple eloped to Las Vegas but divorced three years later.