Nick Kyrgios' legal team have released a statement following reports that he had been summoned to appear at a Canberra court following allegations he had assaulted a former girlfriend last year. Kyrgios' legal team released a statement on Wednesday following an article from publication The Canberra Times claiming the 27-year-old had been summoned to appear at a court in Canberra for allegedly assaulting ex-girlfriend Chiara Passari last year. A police statement read: "ACT Policing can confirm a 27-year-old Watson man is scheduled to face the ACT Magistrates Court on the 2nd of August in relation to one charge of common assault following an incident in December 2021." In the same article, barrister Jason Moffett said a media release would be issued "in the fullness of time", adding: "It's in the context of a domestic relationship. The nature of the allegation is serious, and Mr Kyrgios takes the allegation very seriously." And Johanessen Legal has now released a statement regarding reports on the matter, clarifying that Kyrgios had not been "charged" and only summoned to court. It read: "Today's media headline that Mr Kyrgios has been "charged" is inaccurate. At the present time, the allegations are not considered as fact by the Court, and Mr Kyrgios is not considered charged with an offence until the First Appearance." JUST IN: Novak Djokovic climbs over net to help Sinner after injury scare   The statement continued: "Until the Court formally accepts the Prosecution will be proceeding with a charge, and that the charge before the Court is to be applied to the person summoned to appear, it may be misleading to the public to describe the Summons in any other manner than a formal direction to appear to face allegations, the precise nature of which is neither certain at this moment nor confirmed by either the Prosecution or Mr Kyrgios. "While Mr Kyrgios is committed to addressing any and all allegations once clear, taking the matter seriously does not warrant any misreading of the process Mr Kyrgios is required to follow." The statement was signed by Pierre Johannessen, a Partner at Johannessen Legal. DON'T MISSDjokovic sends Tsitsipas stern message after joking with KyrgiosNadal's Wimbledon practice showed three things ahead of Fritz rematchFederer 'won't return to Wimbledon' unless he can hit high level   Kyrgios is currently competing at Wimbledon, where he is through to his second quarter-final at the tournament. He will face Cristian Garin after the Chilean beat Kyrgios' compatriot Alex De Minaur in five sets. "Garin is obviously playing great tennis. I walked on Centre Court today with seeing the score two sets to love de Minaur. They were in a battle. I was expecting to play Alex. I think Alex is a bit more comfortable on the grass. Then when I walked off the court and I got told it was Garin. It was surprising," the world No 40 said of his next opponent. 