Justice Samuel Alito hit out at the Duke of Sussex days after the royal criticised the overturning of the Roe v Wade ruling which, since 1973, had granted abortion rights across the 50 states. Prince Harry, Justice Alito joked, "really wounded" him with the words chosen in his speech delivered at the United Nations (UN) headquarters on July 18. Speaking in Rome during a conference on religious liberty hosted by the University of Notre Dame Law School, the conservative Catholic judge said in a sarcastic tone: "What really wounded me, what really wounded me, was when the Duke of Sussex addressed the United Nations and seemed to compare the decision, whose name may not be spoken, with the Russian attack on Ukraine." In a keynote address delivered on Nelson Mandela International Day, the Duke warned the planet is finding itself at a "pivotal moment", where people can either be inspired by the South African leader's indomitable spirit and keep on fighting or fall into despair. In one of his more overtly political speeches to date, Harry said: "This has been a painful year in a painful decade. "We’re living through a pandemic that continues to ravage communities in every corner of the globe; climate change wreaking havoc on our planet, with the most vulnerable suffering most of all; the few, weaponising lies and disinformation at the expense of the many; and from the horrific war in Ukraine to the rolling back of constitutional rights here in the United States. "We are witnessing a global assault on democracy and freedom — the cause of Mandela’s life." His speech came a few days after Vogue published a conversation between journalist Jessica Yellin, Meghan Markle and feminist Gloria Steinem on the changes applied to abortion rights by the Court. Revealing she had discussed the overturning of Roe v Wade with Harry, the Duchess of Sussex added: "His reaction last week was guttural, like mine." Meghan also urged people to "channel fear into action" in the wake of the ruling. READ MORE: Meghan Markle had 'team of 14' aides to learn royal duties  Asked if the Court's decision could be seen as a "canary-in-the-coal-mine moment" for groups who fought to gain rights in the US, Meghan said: "Absolutely. "We saw it in plain terms with Justice Thomas’s concurring opinion. "This is a blueprint for reversing rights. "The ruling is a signal about the future of same-sex marriage, contraception access, and many fundamental rights to privacy. "It feels like the tip of the iceberg and is part of why people feel so scared. We have to channel that fear into action. "We can start this November in the midterms. I know hearing that feels so repetitive, but we have to vote, every time, from local elections to state and national elections." Prince Harry wasn't the only prominent personality to have criticised the Supreme Court's move on abortion to be mocked by Justice Alito. He said: "I had the honour this term of writing I think the only Supreme Court decision in the history of that institution that has been lambasted by a whole string of foreign leaders who felt perfectly fine commenting on American law. "One of these was Boris Johnson, but he paid the price." Boris Johnson, who is due to step down as Prime Minister in September, had called the Court's ruling "a big step backwards". After pausing amid people's laughter, the justice added: "Others are still in office, President Macron and Prime Minister Trudeau, I believe are two." As noted by Justice Alito, Mr Johnson wasn't alone in his criticism, as French President Emmanuel Macron said women's freedom was "compromised" following the judges' move, while Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau called the decision "horrific". Justice Alito, who is part of the conservative majority within the Court, made these unannounced remarks on July 21. The video of the speech was posted online only on Thursday by Notre Dame. Justice Alito was the judge who wrote the draft ruling, leaked by Politico in May, aiming to dismantle abortion rights in the US and was one of the five members of the Court to vote in favour of it.