Manchester United have made it two wins from two under Erik ten Hag after beating Melbourne Victory on Friday. The Red Devils went into the game on a high after thumping Liverpool. And they continued their preparations for the upcoming season with a second successful triumph. Manchester United fell behind against Melbourne Victory, with Chris Ikonomidis sweeping home from close range. However, Ten Hag’s side then bounced back to make it two wins from two under the Dutchman. Scott McTominay drew United level, with the Scotland international’s deflected strike looping into the net. Anthony Martial then gave the Red Devils the lead, converting from inside the area after a pass from Anthony Elanga. And Marcus Rashford was also on target as United put on a show for their fans Down Under, while a late own-goal gave them a fourth. Express Sport will now take a look at four players who stood out for all the right reasons as Ten Hag gets back to back wins to mark his arrival. Man Utd transfers: The mouthwatering XI to tackle Brighton with 5 new signings McTominay remains a divisive figure at United, with some fans believing he’s not good enough to play every week. But he appears to have impressed Ten Hag and, against Melbourne Victory, produced a fine display in the first half. McTominay was disciplined in the middle of the park, getting his tackling spot on - which led to an equaliser as he duly converted. Sure, United obviously need a player like Frenkie de Jong to help them maintain control over upcoming contests. But McTominay is here to stay and, if he can get back to his best after struggling last term, the 25-year-old can be a huge asset. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Man Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leave Man Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong United are open to offers for Anthony Martial this summer. But their stance could be set to change with the France international appearing to have been given a new lease of his life since Ten Hag’s appointment. He netted a fine chip against Liverpool on Friday, shining in a 4-0 win over Jurgen Klopp’s team. And Martial was among the goals today, too, putting United 2-1 up just before the interval. If he can carry on this sort of form, he’ll have a future at Old Trafford. And it’s worth noting how much better he looks with Cristiano Ronaldo nowhere to be seen. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. A year ago, United forked out £73million on Jadon Sancho with the forward returning to England from Borussia Dortmund. The England international endured an unspectacular first year at Old Trafford, however, scoring just three goals. But, already, the signs are there that Sancho will improve. The forward caused the Australian side all sorts of problems during the first half, with his speed and trickery on show for all to see. Sancho looks better on the right wing than the left and hopes will be high he can kick on and improve on last season’s showings. Before the match on Friday, it emerged that Ten Hag had been hugely impressed by Zidane Iqbal - as well as Charlie Savage. And Iqbal was impressive during the second half, controlling the game and producing a memorable turn to get supporters excited. At the current rate, it looks as though the 19-year-old can be a regular in the first team this season. There has, previously, been talk of a loan move away. But Ten Hag is keen to maximise youth and he looks like he could be the biggest beneficiary of this pre-season tour.