In the last two decades the number of people who carry on working past state pension age has more than tripled. However, they are using this time of their life to change careers with many also seeing it as a chance to wind down. Pensioners are slowing down in later life and taking on fun jobs like house sitting and looking after other people’s pets. While it doesn’t pay a fortune it does provide older people with somewhere different to explore and can be lots of fun - especially for pet lovers. It can also save people a lot of money on their own energy bills as they’re not often at home. Retirees Anita and Norman Prior told Express.co.uk how it enables them to make huge savings while still enjoying the quiet life. READ MORE: Inheritance tax - how to save THOUSANDS on HMRC bill     Retirees may also find working on a film or TV set appealing - Carolynne Selway has met a famous Hollywood director and earns up to £250 a day. She used to run a busy A&E department but got bored soon after taking early retirement. Carolynne told Express.co.uk: “You can earn £200 to £250 per day depending on your costume, what time you have to be there and travel - all of this. “It’s not bad money for dressing up - it gets you out there doing things that you probably wouldn’t do in real life. Another way to top up one’s income after retirement is to sign up to sites like Task Rabbit where people can offer their skills for a price. Britons who have DIY skills do rather well on sites like these, but people can also sign up to offer cleaning or other services. One such tasker is 68-year-old Paul Melhuish who works 10 hours a week as a handyman to supplement his state pension. He told Express.co.uk: “It earns me about £800 per month, sometimes a bit less if I do fewer jobs." Market Research pays around £50 an hour but the downside is it’s a little bit hit and miss to how much work people can get. That said, it’s easy money when it’s available and what could be better than being paid for one’s opinion? The blogger explained: “There are many ways you can earn a few extra pounds, my favourites are taking part in market research projects, as you could earn up to £50 an hour. “I’ve also made extra money by working for food delivery companies which currently aren’t as profitable, due to the cost of fuel, but are still profit makers." Express.co.uk compiled 10 of the best jobs for retirees: