The number of cars on British roads seems to be increasing every year. According to the RAC Foundation, at the end of December 2021, there were 39 million licensed vehicles in Great Britain, a 1.2 percent increase compared to the end of December 2020. Cars make up the majority of licensed vehicles. In Great Britain, there were 31.9 million cars (81.7 percent), 4.4 million LGVs (11.3 percent), 500,000 HGVs (1.3 percent), 1.3 million motorcycles (3.4 percent), 140,000 buses and coaches (0.4 percent) and 780,000 other vehicles (2 percent) licensed at the end of December 2021. The total number of licensed vehicles has increased in all but two years (1991 and 2020) since the end of the Second World War. Therefore, it should come as no surprise that the number of road rage incidents is also increasing. DON'T MISS Little-known car cooling tricks drivers should use instead of air con With that in mind, motorists across the UK have now been warned they could be slapped with a £30 fine for honking their horn, often seen when they are dealing with road rage. The police can issue motorists with a fine for the illegal use of horns, which usually comes with a fixed penalty notice of £30. In some extreme cases, a driver can challenge the decision in court, but if they lose, they could face enormous fines of up to £1,000. Rule 112 of the Highway Code states that drivers should only use the horn when the vehicle is moving and they need to warn other road users of their presence. DON'T MISS Huge bus fare changes to hit England this year [REVEAL] Switching to EVs might not be in the planet’s best interest [INSIGHT] Dad fined £100 for visiting McDonald’s twice in a day [SHOCKING] Even local councils can take action against those using a car horn illegally under the noise pollution law. If someone is causing excessive noise pollution and breaking the law, the council will get in touch. If no change occurs, an abatement notice is issued - and if it isn't complied with, the maximum fine is £5,000 on domestic premises and £20,000 on commercial premises. Research from 2018 discovered that only 38 percent of drivers were clued up about the rules surrounding horn use. READ MORE: Drivers warned of common heatwave driving mistakes Speaking at the time, Philip Ward, CEO of Warranty Direct, commented on the data and urged drivers to refresh their knowledge of the rules of the road. He said: “Our latest survey reveals there is a strong need for UK drivers to brush up on their knowledge of driving laws. “The results suggest many mistakes made could be down to not knowing the appropriate laws, which can be easily rectified. “We recommend any unsure drivers to re-read a copy of the Highway Code to avoid causing any dangerous situations when out on the road.” Similarly, motorists should only flash their headlights to let other road users know that they are there. The headlights should never be used to convey any other message or intimidate others. The Highway Code also warns drivers: “Never assume that flashing headlights is a signal inviting you to proceed. “Use your own judgement and proceed carefully.”