After airing on BritBox earlier this year, sweeping period drama Sanditon makes its big comeback on ITV. The new series will be picking up all the action with in the seaside town with plenty of romance on the cards. Express.co.uk looks at the new series and who is going to be in the opening instalment of Jane Austen’s unfinished novel. Charlotte Heywood - Rose Williams Actress Rose William will be reprising her role as heroine Charlotte Heywood, who returns to the coastal resort and becomes a governess. This is one of Williams’ biggest roles to date with the actress previously starring in Curfew, A Quiet Passion, The Power, and That Dirty Black Bag. Alexander Colbourne - Ben Lloyd-Hughes Joining the cast for season two is Ben Lloyd-Hughes as Alexander Colbourn, who encounters Charlotte when she arrives to work as a governess for his wards. Lloyd-Hughes has previously featured in ITV The Ipcress Files, Industry and War & Peace as well as roles in Me Before You and the Divergent franchise. READ MORE: How many episodes are in Sanditon season 2? Alison Heywood - Rosie Graham Taking on Charlotte’s younger sister Alison Heywood is actress Rosie Graham who also joins the cast for season two. She has appeared in Outlander, The School of Good and Evil, and the short film Guarding. Georgiana Lambe - Crystal Clarke Returning to the show is star Crystal Clarke, who has dreams of forging her own identity as she turns 21 but her ambitions could leave her lonelier than ever. Clarke will be familiar to audiences from her roles in Roadkill, Ordeal By Innocence, and Black Mirror. Tom Parker - Kris Marshall Kris Marshall will once more be playing Tom Parker, who will be hoping to rebuild Sanditon’s reputation. No stranger to screens, Marshall’s biggest credits include Death in Paradise, Love Actually, My Family and We Hunt Together. Colonel Lennox - Tom Weston-Jones Another new face is Tom Weston-Jones as Colonel Lennox, who arrives in town when the Army takes up residence at their new base. Weston-Jones has appeared in the TV series Warrior, The Terror, Shadow and Bone, Troy: Fall of a City, and Dickensian. Charles Lockhart - Alexander Vlahos Artist Charles Lockhart is yet another eccentric and charming figure who turns up in Sanditon and is played by Alexander Vlahos. Vlahos has most recently starred in Outlander after roles in Versailles, Broke, Merlin, and Prisoner Zero. Mary Parker - Kate Ashfield Returning cast member Kate Ashfield again takes up the mantle of Mary Parker for season two. She has featured in A Confession, Life, Shaun of the Dead, Secrets and Lies, and Line of Duty. DON'T MISS...Why did Mark Stanley leave Sanditon as Lord Babington? [EXPLAINER]Why did Theo James leave Sanditon as Sidney Parker? [INSIGHT]Why did Leo Suter leave Sanditon as James Stringer? [ANALYSIS] Augusta Markham - Eloise Webb Eloise Webb makes her Sanditon debut as Augusta Markham, one of Charlotte’s wards. Webb has appeared in Hulu’s The Great, The Queen’s Gambit on Netflix, Innocent and films Cinderella, The Iron Lady, and Bel Ami. Esther Babington - Charlotte Spencer Once more making a comeback is Charlotte Spencer as Esther Babington after featuring in Channel 4’s Glue, The Living and the Dead, Baghdad Central, and Cinderella. Other cast members include Cai Brigden as Ralph Starling, Jonathon Carley as Lord Kingsley, Flora Mitchell as Leonora Colbourne, Turlough Convery as Arthur Parker, and Anne Reid as Lady Denham. Sanditon season 2 airs on ITV tonight at 9pm