It has become her trademark: when she scores a goal – and she scores many – Manchester City Women’s and England striker Ellen White forms “goggles” around her eyes with her fingers. And it seems to have caught on… “When we returned from the World Cup in 2019, I had people running down the supermarket doing it,” says Ellen, 33. “It was very weird and very sweet. “And I’ve seen lots of pictures of little kids doing my celebration – I say mine, but it was inspired by [Cologne player] Anthony Modeste. I feel very honoured – it’s amazing to be involved in football at this time and to have made a small contribution.” She’s too modest to say it, but Ellen’s contribution has not been small. A world-class striker who has scored a record-breaking 50 goals in more than 100 caps for England, she’s the linchpin of the Lionesses squad for the UEFA Women’s Euro 2022. And there can be no doubt she’s helped to inspire the rocketing numbers of female footballers. “I went to my local primary school recently,” Ellen recalls. “When I started, there were no girls’ football teams. I was part of the boys’ team, and they really took me under their wing. “Now the school has 24 girls playing football. It made me really excited and a little bit emotional. “So many girls want to play now. I can see that change – but there’s loads more to do.” Things have certainly changed since Ellen first got into football. She was just eight and playing in her father Jon’s children’s football scheme in Aylesbury, Buckinghamshire, when she was spotted by a scout for Arsenal’s academy. She was then selected for the Talented Athlete Scholarship Scheme – a National Lottery-funded partnership boosting the training of budding sportspeople and helping them to compete at national and international level. Ellen signed her first professional senior contract with Chelsea, later moving to Leeds, Arsenal, Notts County, Birmingham City, and then Man City. “The National Lottery contributed massively to my being able to attend early training sessions,” she explains. “I was going to the Arsenal academy – a two-hour journey – three times a week, and the funding helped with travel expenses and also strength and conditioning sessions I did away from the club.” After signing up with Chelsea in 2005, Ellen put away 21 goals in 48 matches, becoming their top scorer. She’s now England’s leading female goal-getter. When it comes to discussions about the women’s game versus the men’s, Ellen feels they have little relevance. “Hopefully we’re getting to a time when you can’t compare them – they’re so completely different,” she says. “I can hold my hands up and say men are faster and stronger – it’s genetics. But in women’s football we’re so competitive; we’re passionate, we’re fit… we’ll give everything in hard work, and you can see that in the way we play.” And with the Lionesses' Euro 2022 campaign now under way, Ellen is keen to thank those who have given them a shot at glory. “People who buy their National Lottery tickets have helped us – that investment has made us want to succeed even more. “It’s also vital for National Lottery players to see where their money is going, how it influences sporting success and really changes people’s lives. Sport can do that.”