The five MPs still in the Conservative leadership race tonight traded blows in Channel 4's televised debate. It is the first time the contestants have had the opportunity to grill each other face to face and challenge their opponents' pitches. After 90 minutes of back and forth, there was only one clear winner. Rishi Sunak sounded on top of the details, with a clear coherent plan for the nation, and didn't flounder under pressure from his rivals. When the cost of living crisis is the most important issue facing the country, there's a benefit to having been the Chancellor of the Exchequer. The Richmond MP proved tonight he was the numbers man. He knew the cost of what he and the others were pledging, and he knew it was his trump card. READ MORE: Tom Tugendhat channels DUMBLEDORE in bizarre debate moment Ms Mordaunt has made pledged to cut VAT on fuel and increase income tax thresholds in line with inflation and Mr Sunak wasted no time in tearing her apart on the subject. He claimed her tax cuts would cost around £15billion, adding: "The best way to help everyone, the best way to make sure that they have money in their pocket, is to get a grip of inflation." The current trade minister failed to properly defend herself from the attack. Ms Mordaunt also found herself under fire on trans issues. Both Liz Truss and Kemi Badenoch accused the Portsmouth North MP of failing to be honest with voters as they claimed her of having backed self-identification when she had responsibility for equalities issues before changing her mind. She strongly denied the claims but was repeatedly accused by Ms Badenoch of not telling the truth. DON'T MISS:Sunak tells Truss to 'be honest' on inflation over pledge to cut taxes [REACTION]POLL: Who won first Tory leadership debate? VOTE HERE [GET INVOLVED]Awkward moment audience falls silent when asked about trust [UPDATE] When the entire leadership contest was triggered over a lack of trust in the current leader of the party, questions lingering over a candidate's ability to be honest will do little to entice them to the public. And on her commitment to the UK's commitment to net zero carbon emissions by 2050, Ms Mordaunt was less than clear. She said the progress to net zero "has to contribute towards our industrial renaissance and levelling up" without giving any actual policies as to how she would ensure that was the case. All in all, her performance left viewers with more questions than answers. Since launching her leadership campaign earlier this week Ms Mordaunt has been building momentum, looking and sounding like a Prime Minister. But tonight there will be concerns if there is any substance to the style. From the beginning of the Tory leadership race Mr Sunak has looked guaranteed a place in the final two. It had been looking increasingly likely that Ms Mordaunt would be the other candidate on the final ballot paper. But after tonight, the race for 2nd place is wide open.