Houseplants often need more care during the summer months, to ensure they stay healthy during warmer temperatures. This includes watering them more, cleaning their leaves and making sure they aren’t being scorched by the sun. An expert has shared the three factors houseplant owners should be considering throughout July and August. Dani Turner, customer experience director at online florist Bunches, told Express.co.uk: “In the summer months, we recommend keeping your blooms and houseplants out of direct sunlight. “This means keeping them away from windows, or placing them in a room which is more shaded as their leaves can easily become sun scorched. “It is also best to avoid draughts through open doors and windows as they can cause the flower’s moisture to evaporate to a greater degree than it can absorb, making the blooms go limp. “A simple way to prevent direct sunlight is to close curtains and blinds fully or partially during the day, as this filters out the strongest UV rays in sunny rooms. READ MORE: Man rages at neighbour after out of control trees destroy shared fence “This will also help keep rooms cooler.” Houseplant owners should also regularly dust their indoor plants as this can help to boost the amount of light they soak up whilst they shelter from the sun. The expert said to “always” use a damp cloth when there is a dust build-up. Dani added: “Throughout the hotter summer months, it is important to recognise how the heat can affect houseplants. DON'T MISS:How to stop maggots hatching in your kitchen bin this summer [EXPERT]Three ‘simple’ ways to keep hanging baskets ‘blooming’ all summer [COMMENT]Best time to water plants - ‘remember the basics’ [INSIGHT] “The most important factors to consider are the changes in light, heat and moisture. “For green plants, continue with your weekly watering, keeping in mind that too much water can cause rotting and stunt the growth of your plants. “A good way to check if your plant may be extra thirsty in the heat is to stick your finger into the top couple of inches of soil, if this feels dry your plant is likely to need another drink. “A damp plant is a happy plant in most cases. Thoroughly soak plants once a week but allow them to drain fully.” READ MORE: Monty Don: The quiet town where Longmeadow is located Too much water build-up can result in root rot. According to Dani, this will affect your plant’s health. For flowering plants, it is important they are watered as soon as the top couple of inches of the soil are dry. The expert also recommended misting indoor plants to prevent overwatering. Throughout the summer months, the UK often sees fluctuating temperatures. This can be stressful for plants who like the temperature to be regulated. The expert continued: “Regulating the temperature of your plants is also extremely important as draughts or fluctuations in the temperature, through air conditioning and fans, in your home or office can cause instability in your plant’s environment, putting it under unnecessary stress. “Try to keep a consistent temperature for plants wherever possible as this will keep them happy and thriving.”