Sally Carman, 41, has been dating her Coronation Street co-star Joe Duttine, 51, since August 2018, with the actress taking to Instagram today to share a snippet of their wedding. The Abi Webster actress shared a lovely snap from today's Salford nuptials and was met with floods of lovely messages. The couple married at St Philip’s Church in Salford, the venue where Sally was baptised two years ago. This comes after their initial wedding date was pushed back due to the coronavirus pandemic. The Corrie actress wore a lovely long-sleeved blue gown, with her new husband Joe matching in a blue suit. In the snap, the pair can be seen sharing a kiss as newlyweds while holding bubbles and posing in front of a circle shaped balloon structure. READ MORE: Heidi Klum, 49, sets pulses racing as she goes topless in ageless pic Sally shared the loving snap of her wedding day in view of her 129,000 Instagram followers. She captioned the post with the message "we did" along with a yellow heart emoji. Co-stars and social media users rushed to the comments to congratulate the real life Corrie couple. Colleague Alan Halsall, who plays Tyrone Dobbs, penned: "He @johnny_duttine_ has done very well !!! Sending love to the gorgeous couple!" Kate McGlynn added: "You got THE picture! Congratulations." Social media user Palmwoods wrote: "Congratulations to you both, @sally_carman you look stunning, and Joe scrubs up really well." Anthony.marvell commented: "Such a beautiful picture. Congratulations. You’re both beautiful." Sally joined the Coronation Street cast in 2017, playing former drug addict Abi, with the character becoming embroiled in one of the soap's biggest storylines that year when her children were taken away. DON'T MISS... 'Do miss each other' Pauline Collins on being 'separated' from husband [INSIGHT] Strictly's Amy Dowden bids 'sad' farewell after wedding [INSTAGRAM] Paul Ryder dead: Happy Mondays bassist and Shaun’s brother dies at 57 [DEATH] She met Joe on set, with the actor playing cab boss Tim. They live together in a village close to Stockport, with Sally becoming the step-mum of Joe's three children from a previous marriage. His children, not known by name, are aged 25, 14 and 12. In an interview with The Mirror last year, Sally admitted that she had previously wanted a Christmas wedding but the pandemic had got in the way. She said: "I’m obsessed with Christmas, so when Joe said: 'What’s your favourite time, when would you most like to do it?' It had to be Christmas. "We’re going to have the wedding late this afternoon so it will be dark and it will be lit by rows of Christmas trees and twinkly lights; I can’t wait.' "We should have been getting married this December but we put it off until next year because we didn’t know what the score was going to be Covid-wise. "We thought it was better safe than sorry, because I would have hated to have arranged it and then not be able to do it properly." Coronation Street is on this evening on ITV at 8pm