Last year, a report found the journalist "deceived and induced" Princess Diana's brother Earl Spencer in order to secure the Panorama interview with her in 1995. As part of that process, it is alleged Mr Bashir lied about William and Harry's former nanny Tiggy Legge-Bourke - whose married name Alexandra Pettifer - telling Earl Spencer that she had an affair with Prince Charles. During an appearance in the High Court this morning, BBC representatives apologised to Ms Legge-Bourke and agreed to pay damages. Mrs Pettifer's lawyer, Louise Prince, said the assertions in question included the "very serious and totally unfounded allegations that the claimant was having an affair with HRH Prince of Wales, resulting in a pregnancy which was aborted". She added: "The allegations were fabricated. They also appeared to exploit some prior false speculation in the media about the claimant and HRH The Prince of Wales." "The claimant did not have an affair with HRH The Prince of Wales, did not become pregnant with his child, and did not have an abortion."  Representatives for the BBC told the High Court: "The BBC accepts that the allegations made against the claimant [Ms Legge-Bourke] were wholly baseless, should never have been made, and that the BBC did not, at the time, adequately investigate serious concerns over the circumstance in which the BBC secured the Panorama interview with Diana, the Princess of Wales."  BBC Director-General Tim Davie said in a statement: "Following publication of the Dyson Report last year we have been working with those who suffered as a result of the deceitful tactics used by the BBC in pursuit of its interview with Diana, Princess of Wales for the Panorama programme in 1995, including the matters that were mentioned in court today in respect of Miss Tiggy Legge-Bourke, now Mrs Alexandra Pettifer. "The BBC has agreed to pay substantial damages to Mrs Pettifer and I would like to take this opportunity to apologise publicly to her, to The Prince of Wales, and to the Dukes of Cambridge and Sussex, for the way in which Princess Diana was deceived and the subsequent impact on all their lives. “It is a matter of great regret that the BBC did not get to the facts in the immediate aftermath of the programme when there were warning signs that the interview might have been obtained improperly.  "Instead, as The Duke of Cambridge himself put it, the BBC failed to ask the tough questions. Had we done our job properly Princess Diana would have known the truth during her lifetime. We let her, The Royal Family and our audiences down. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry's appearance 'paint a thousand words' claims host   Mr Davie added: “Now we know about the shocking way that the interview was obtained I have decided that the BBC will never show the programme again; nor will we license it in whole or part to other broadcasters. "It does of course remain part of the historical record and there may be occasions in the future when it will be justified for the BBC to use short extracts for journalistic purposes, but these will be few and far between and will need to be agreed at Executive Committee level and set in the full context of what we now know about the way the interview was obtained. "I would urge others to exercise similar restraint." THIS IS A BREAKING STORY. MORE TO FOLLOW...