The Prince of Wales voiced concern about the "alarming" temperatures witnessed across much of the United Kingdom and mainland Europe. Charles made his thoughts clear while delivering a speech during his visit to Cornwall. The future King said the “inordinate heat” was “rather a mad dogs and Englishmen going out in the midday sun moment”. During his appearance at a garden party in Boconnoc, Charles added: "If I may so say, those commitments around net zero have never been more vitally important as we all swelter under today’s alarming record temperatures across Britain and Europe. "As I have tried to indicate for quite some time, the climate crisis really is a genuine emergency and tackling it is utterly essential — for Cornwall, the country and the rest of the world." The Prince of Wales' comments came after England recorded its hottest day of the year on Monday, with Santon Downham in Suffolk hitting 38.1C. JUST IN: Nigel Farage blasts Prince Harry after UN speech for 'never working a day in his life' The East Anglian village fell marginally short of surpassing the all-time record set in Cambridge in 2019 when mercury hit 38.7C. However, Wales has provisionally registered its hottest day on record after temperatures reached 37.1C in Hawarden, Flintshire. The Met Office still has red and amber heat warnings in place on Tuesday. Met Office Chief Meteorologist Neil Armstrong said: "The extreme temperatures that we have been forecasting are now beginning to build and it is likely that today we will see values reach into the high 30s, possibly challenging the UK record of 38.7C set in July 2019. “Even higher maximum temperatures will develop tomorrow with a 70 percent chance of somewhere in England exceeding 40C. "A value of this level would exceed the current UK record by 1.3C or more. "This is akin to a marathon runner shaving 20 minutes off of the current record. "Nights are also likely to be exceptionally warm, especially in urban areas. DON'T MISS 'The body does not lie': Inside Sophie Wessex & Edward's marriage [ANALYSIS]Meghan Markle's 'signature gesture' is 'misinterpreted' claims expert [EXPERT]Meghan Markle’s 'low-key' appearance at Queen's Jubilee questioned [INSIGHT] "This is likely to lead to widespread impacts on people and infrastructure. "Therefore, it is important people plan for the heat and consider changing their routines. This level of heat can have adverse health effects."