Fortnite Battle Royale, Creative and Save the World will be taken offline for server maintenance, as Epic Games releases update 21.30 on PS5, PS4, Xbox Series X/S, Xbox One, PC, Android and Switch. Fortnite update 21.30 has been given a July 18 release date and a 9am BST launch time. If you're wondering how long Fortnite will be offline for server maintenance, check out the details below for the full update 21.30 downtime schedule. According to Epic Games on Twitter, Fortnite matchmaking will be disabled at 8.30am BST in the UK. If you're already in a match before 8.30am, you can continue to play until servers go offline in full at 9am BST UK time. At 9am BST (4am ET), all players will be kicked out of Fortnite until downtime comes to an end. In the meantime, you'll be able to download and install the new update. The news was announced by Epic Games on Twitter: "It’s Prime time! Update v21.30 is set to release on July 18th! Downtime starts at 04:00 ET (09:00 UTC), with matchmaking being disabled 30 minutes prior." While there's no official server downtime schedule, Fortnite maintenance typically lasts for a couple of hours. This means you should be able to jump back in at around 11am BST. Judging by the timing of the update, the new download will add the files for the inevitable summer event. Indeed, according to Fortnite insider Shiina, update 21.30 the next update will introduce the Summer Event skins, items and challenges. Likewise, the new update is likely to make one or two changes to the map. That's on top of the usual weapon unvaulting, as well as weekly challenges, item shop skins, bug fixes and gameplay tweaks. In a follow-up tweet, Epic Games confirmed plans to make the Stormbreaker pickaxe and Flight Glider compatible with all outfits. "Following the release of our v21.30 update, all Outfits will be able to equip the Stormbreaker pickaxe and Stormbreaker's Flight glider." Needless to say, Express Online will keep this story updated with all the latest developments regarding server downtime and maintenance.