Former Chancellor Rish Sunak announced in May that the payment would go to around eight million low-income households in a bid to ease the rising cost of living pressures. The payment is to be split into two with the first £326 being paid out from July 14 and the other £324 in the Autumn. The Government has yet to announce the date where the second payment will be delivered.   People eligible do not need to make a claim for the payment as it is to be automatically paid. Department for Work and Pension (DWP) Minister David Rutley said in response to a written question in Parliament that issuing payments "will be staggered" due to the high volume of people entitled to the payment. Mr Rutley said that the payments will begin on the July 14 as they are unable to process the payments on one single day. He also warned: "We currently expect the majority of payments to be made by the end of July, there may be potential delays for a small minority of cases due to their unique characteristics." READ MORE: Santander issues warning amid 'worrying rise' in scam as victims lose £12,000 each The financial support is to be given to those who claim Jobseeker’s Allowance, Employment and Support Allowance, Income Support, Pension Credit, and Universal Credit. Universal Credit is one of the main benefits for Britons on a low income or out of work. Those who claim Working Tax Credits and Child Tax Credits are also eligible however they are to receive the money later on. The first payment for those on these benefits won’t come until the Autumn with the second payment to follow in the winter.  This has been done to avoid double payments being made. To qualify for the first payment, people will need to have claimed the certain benefits within the qualifying period between April 16 to May 15 2022. The deadline for applying for the second payment has not yet been set which means that people who start a claim from now onwards possibly may be eligible for the final instalment. On July 5, the Department updated its guidance to say that it was using a computer program to identify who is eligible for the payment. READ MORE: Mum explains simple way to save £171 a year in number of budgeting moves It then added that if a person disagrees with a decision made by the program then they should contact the office which provides their benefit to appeal. At the time, Mr Sunak stated that the support is entirely tax-free and will not affect the benefit cap nor existing benefit awards. For those who are not eligible for the £650 cost of living payment, there are other one-off sums which households may receive. Those who receive disability benefits may also be able to receive a payment of £150 to help with the cost of living. Pensioners who receive Winter Fuel Payments are also to receive an extra £300 alongside their normal payment. Every home in England, Scotland and Wales will also receive £400 off their energy bills, spread out over six months from October. These are all separate from the cost of living payment Express.co.uk has contacted the DWP asking for comment.