Legendary former Manchester United boss Sir Alex Ferguson has joked Arsenal are "getting relegated" this season. Ferguson had countless battles with Arsenal throughout his time as Red Devils manager and it appears that feud has not ceased. He retired from management in 2013 and has been a director at Old Trafford since. Ferguson and former Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger in particular were involved in numerous feisty encounters at the turn of the century. And despite being out of the dugout for almost a decade, Ferguson still sees a rivalry with the Gunners. The Scot was at the Goodwood Festival on Friday where he was caught on camera talking with jockey and Arsenal fan Frankie Dettori. And he was overheard joking about the north London side's chances this season. Ferguson said: "A quote familiar to Frank, Arsenal are getting relegated this year. He told me that himself!" Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd striker meeting, Chelsea terms agreed, Arsenal enquiry  The pair were both laughing after Ferguson's quip about Mikel Arteta's side. Dettori resisted taking a dig at Ferguson's beloved United. Arsenal have not been relegated from the top flight of English football for almost 100 years. United, meanwhile, suffered that fate much more recently in 1974. Both clubs have faltered in recent seasons in terms of competing for major silverware. United have not won a Premier League title since Ferguson's final season in charge. Arsenal's most recent title success goes back even further to 2004. The Gunners finished fifth in the table last term, ahead of United in sixth. DON'T MISSBarcelona ‘approve De Jong loan exit’ as Man Utd continue to dreamMan Utd 'have made calls' to agents of Fabian Ruiz over fourth transferReal Madrid 'offered Werner and two other players' as they eye Benzema deputy  Both Arteta and new United boss Erik ten Hag will be hoping for major improvements on the pitch this season. Arsenal have made five signings so far this summer and are the biggest spenders in the Premier League. The Gunners have spent around £120million on new players, with Gabriel Jesus the most expensive at £45m. United have made three signings so far but Ten Hag is desperate to add more to his squad. The Dutchman is also facing the continuing saga surrounding the future of Cristiano Ronaldo. The Portugal striker still wants to leave the club despite holding talks with Ten Hag on Tuesday. Ferguson was also at Carrington on Tuesday at the same time as Ronaldo. But he was not involved in the talks and instead attended a football board meeting. 