Better Call Saul is almost done and dusted as season six part two continues to air on AMC and Netflix UK. The Bob Odenkirk-led drug drama sees what happened to Jimmy McGill/Saul Goodman pre-Breaking Bad. There is one scene in particular from the original drama that fans are now linking with the two shocking deaths recently seen in season six of Better Call Saul. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Better Call Saul.In the series six mid-season finale, Lalo Salamanca (played by Tony Dalton) stormed into Jimmy McGill (Bob Odenkirk) and Kim Wexler's (Rhea Seehorn) flat, demanding they help him with his plan to assassinate Gus Fring (Giancarlo Esposito). Unfortunately, this was very bad timing for Howard Hamlin (Patrick Fabian) who joined them shortly after as Lalo pointed a gun at the couple. Not willing to leave behind any witnesses, Lalo shot Howard in the head, killing him instantly, much to Jimmy's shock. But it wasn't a happy ending for Lalo either as he met his bloody end at the hand of his rival. READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes slams 'hypocritical' Prince Harry over climate change Lalo and Gus were shooting at one another in the latter's superlab when he turned the lights off. They both started shooting randomly, desperately hoping not to get shot themselves but when the lights came back on, it was shown Lalo had been shot in the neck. Better Call Saul's eighth episode ended with Mike (Jonathan Banks) burying both Lalo and Howard's bodies in a shared grave in Gus' bunker meth lab. Looking back at a specific moment in Breaking Bad, fans believe it was Hank Schrader (Dean Norris) and his team who discovered their grave. In Breaking Bad season five, episode one, Hank is seen looking around the remains of the underground lab after being torched. He asks his colleague about the identity of the two bodies that were discovered. They respond: "No, not much left. Apparently, the teeth do this popcorn thing when they get too hot, so they tell me. "Whoever torched it, did it up right." So could it be that Hank and the DEA discovered the remains of Lalo and Howard? DON'T MISS...BBC Breakfast viewers switch off over heatwave coverage 'Pathetic' [REACTION]Rhea Seehorn real name: What is Better Call Saul star's real name? [CAST]Better Call Saul season 6, episode 9 streaming: How to watch online [EXPLAINER] Some viewers have explained that it couldn't possibly be the two Better Call Saul stars due to how they were buried at the time. Commenting on the Breaking Bad clip on YouTube, WarbroJavaCo wrote: "For everyone wondering: the two bodies were the henchman Walt killed before they torched the lab. "Lalo and Howard are buried further underneath the concrete floor." Jabdab went on to agree, explaining: "Don't think they will ever find them. "They were buried in the dirt floor which was paved over with concrete. "Highly doubt the investigation team would think to look below." Better Call Saul season six will be the drama's final season on AMC and Netflix. The prequel is soon going to be catching up to the start of the Breaking Bad timeline. It has been confirmed that Walter White (Bryan Cranston) and Jesse Pinkman (Aaron Paul) will be returning for the last couple of episodes. Better Call Saul season 6 continues Monday on AMC in the USA and Tuesday on Netflix in the UK.