The Government is being dragged down by MPs who offer their own self-destructive interpretation of showing some bottle and adopting a hands-on approach. Chris Pincher joins a growing rollcall of Conservative politicians tainted by scandal. There’s Neil Parish, the MP who quit after he was caught watching pornography on his phone in the Commons; Imran Ahmed Khan, forced out after a conviction for assaulting a teenage boy; and former Health Secretary Matt Hancock, brought down by an affair with a female aide. These have inevitably invoked parallels with the torrent of sleaze that engulfed John Major’s doomed administration in the mid-1990s, when his ill-judged rallying cry of “back to basics” was followed by the relentless exposure of financial and sexual improprieties within Tory ranks. Major’s Government never recovered politically from the perception of eroded moral integrity. Boris Johnson’s critics think the same kind of degradation is under way. With his generosity of spirit, innate charisma and rich sense of humour, Johnson is a very different figure to Major, who often came across as peevish. Moreover, Major’s carefully burnished image as a man of honesty and decency was undermined after he left office after his torrid affair with his colleague Edwina Currie was exposed. Johnson has never been a hypocrite – nor, in view of his own rackety private life, has he ever criticised others’ moral behaviour. Indeed, it is his indulgent, forgiving nature which is likely to land him in serious trouble over the Pincher saga. Given the seriousness of the allegations, many of Johnson’s own MPs were furious that Pincher was initially allowed to stay in the party. One disillusioned Tory said kicking him out was “the only option”. That step has now been taken through a temporary suspension of the whip while an independent inquiry is held. But the fallout continues. What makes this incident all the more incendiary is that Pincher was accused in 2017 of making unwanted advances to another man. Although he was cleared of that charge by a previous internal investigation, doubts about his reliability remained. Yesterday, it was claimed that the Tories had to appoint a minder to stop him getting too drunk or behaving inappropriately at party or political functions – fuelling great bewilderment at Johnson’s decision not only to make Pincher a senior whip but also to put him in charge of party discipline. His elevation was his reward for sustained loyalty to the Prime Minister – most clearly displayed in his central role in Operation Big Dog, which was designed to protect Johnson from the Partygate furore. But his patent unsuitability for the whip’s job has plunged Downing Street into a fresh crisis – and has led to suspicion that No 10 has not been straight with the public about how much Johnson knew of Pincher’s murky background. Already battered by two disastrous by-election defeats, the Tories have handed another gift to the opposition. Johnson has to get a grip if he is to avoid Major’s fate.