Prince Michael of Kent celebrated his 80th birthday last week with a lavish party in the gardens of Kensington Palace. He and his wife Princess Michael of Kent welcomed 150 guests into the walled garden, some of whom also hold royal or aristocratic status, including Michael's elder brother, the Duke of Kent, Chantal Hanover, ex-wife of Prince Ernst August and the Marquess of Northampton's former wife, Rosie. Following the grand soiree, some have questioned whether the exclusive party had another reason behind it — namely the couple’s reported plans to retire. Ahead of Michael’s 80th, The Telegraph reported that the Queen’s cousin planned to retire from public life after reaching the milestone, but no announcements regarding his and his wife’s intentions to step down were made. However, Richard Kay, Daily Mail columnist and an old friend of Diana, Princess of Wales, has suggested that this may not be the last we hear of the “extravagant” Prince and Princess Michael. Writing for the Daily Mail, he said: “It was being suggested in palace circles that Michael and Marie-Christine, 77, might use the July 4 party to confirm their plans. Instead, they did no such thing.” He added: ”Will this most controversial of princesses and her prince now go quietly into retirement, or might there be yet another blaze of autumn sunshine? READ MORE: No mention! Queen snubs close cousin on his milestone birthday “Judging by Monday night's lavish birthday party, don't bet against it.” Born Marie-Christine von Reibnitz, Princess Michael has long been known for her gregarious and glamorous ways. Even Queen Elizabeth II once dubbed the statuesque princess “too grand” for the House of Windsor. It was Princess Anne who gave her the moniker ‘Princess Pushy’ and Prince Charles who allegedly nicknamed her and her husband the ‘Rent-a-Kents’. Both the prince and the princess are no strangers to controversy, as the pair have been at the centre of royal scandals in the past. Just last year, Michael was accused of using his royal status to sell access to Russian President Vladimir Putin's regime, which he denied. According to the Sunday Times, he was secretly filmed during a business meeting with two undercover reporters posing as investors from a fake South Korean business seeking contacts in the Kremlin. The prince allegedly offered his royal endorsement in exchange for a $200,000 fee, reportedly saying he'd use his home in Kensington Palace as a backdrop for the recorded speech. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Kate and Prince William make new hire [LIVE] Royal Family ranked: Kate storms ahead of William in popularity [REVEAL] Royal POLL: Should Prince Andrew be kicked out of Windsor Castle? [VOTE] A spokesperson for Prince Michael said in a statement: "Prince Michael has no special relationship with President Vladimir Putin. They last met in 2003 and he has had no contact with him or his office since then." They added: "Lord Reading is a good friend, who made suggestions which Prince Michael would not have wanted, or been able, to fulfil.” The couple caused uproar in 2002 when it emerged that they had been living in Kensington Palace rent free, despite not being full-time working royals. Her Majesty agreed to pay their rent out of her personal funds, until in 2010, the pair decided to pay themselves. Perhaps Princess Michael’s most well-known recent controversy was when she decided to turn up to the Queen’s 2017 pre-Christmas lunch wearing a blackamoor brooch, depicting a person of colour in a service role. Her decision particularly sparked outrage among royal watchers as the lunch happened to be one of Meghan Markle’s first royal events. Princess Michael said at the time that she was "very sorry and distressed". And while the pair have since maintained a relatively low profile, with only occasional public appearances, their recent party suggests that “chez-Kent it was very much business as usual.” Describing the party in the Daily Mail, Mr Kay said: “Just in case anyone had any doubts, the sound of popping champagne corks said it all this week — nothing much has changed in the extravagant lives of Prince and Princess Michael of Kent."