The photographic skills of Prince William's wife were once again praised as she played a key role in the creation of the upcoming issue of Country Life. Kate was hand-picked by Camilla as the photographer who would take the portraits used on the front cover and leader page. But the selection of pictures she provided to the team working on putting together the magazine was so good they "struggled" to choose just three snaps, the magazine's managing and features editor Paula Lester said. Discussing the work behind the scenes to craft the upcoming Country Life issue, to be released on July 13, Ms Lester said: "The Duchess of Cambridge took our cover images at the request of our Guest Editor, The Duchess of Cornwall, and we could not be happier with the results — in fact, the set of images she took was so good that we struggled to choose only three, from which The Duchess of Cornwall made her final selection." The Duchess of Cornwall eventually chose a relaxed portrait of herself for the front cover. In it, she can be seen smiling while sitting on a wooden bench in the gardens of her home in Wiltshire, Raymill. Surrounded by nature, the future Queen Consort holds a trug filled with pelargoniums ready to be planted. For the photoshoot, Camilla chose to wear a baby blue and white dress with a floral pattern. She completed her look with a matching cardigan and kept the accessories at a minimum. Camilla, who worked on the special edition for several months, also picked another photo taken by her step-daughter-in-law. READ MORE: Camilla stuns in new photo by Kate in milestone partnership On the leader page, the Duchess can be seen walking through forget-me-nots at Raymill. Kate's skills as a photographer were praised also by Country Life's editor-in-chief Mark Hedges. He said: "We are thrilled to have our Guest Editor captured so magnificently by royal photographer The Duchess of Cambridge." Stressing how this opportunity marks a major first for Kate, he added: "We understand this is the first time a formal portrait of The Duchess of Cornwall has been taken by The Duchess of Cambridge for a magazine and we are honoured to have been chosen to be the first to publish this beautiful photograph. "The photographs are superb and we would be delighted to offer The Duchess of Cambridge another commission!" Kate is known to be a keen amateur photographer and made a name for herself by marking important family milestones with the release of portraits she takes herself. Her children George, Charlotte and Louis in particular have often been the subjects of the Duchess, with their pictures released to celebrate their birthdays or special days with the public. However, Kate also put her passion for photography to use for other projects linked to her royal work. In January 2020, it was announced the royal had joined a project set to mark the 75th year of the liberation of Auschwitz. Kate took the portraits of two Holocaust survivors, Yvonne Bernstein and Steven Frank, surrounded by their grandchildren as part of a wider project to keep the memory of the horrors of the Nazi regime alive. In May 2020, Kate launched a photographic contest, Hold Still, open to everyone in Britain with the aim of depicting life in the country during the coronavirus pandemic and lockdown. Kate's collaboration with Camilla comes as the Duchess of Cornwall was guest-editing the pages of the 125th anniversary issue of the Country Life magazine. The upcoming issue also marks the Duchess' 75th birthday, falling on July 17. Camilla follows in Prince Charles and Princess Anne's footsteps, who also marked their milestone birthdays by guest-editing the magazine. While the Princess Royal took on the role in the summer of 2020 ahead of her 70th birthday, Prince Charles celebrated both his 65th and 70th birthday by taking the helm of the Country Life's newsroom in 2013 and 2018.