Adam Male, Chief Revenue Officer at online lettings agent Mashroom, has shared the most common mistakes homeowners make that could have an impact on the value of a home when it comes to selling it. The expert said: “An untidy home…if your home is full of clutter and left untidy, particularly when you’re getting it valued by an estate agent, it can have an effect on the overall value of the property. “Clutter and general untidiness has the potential to make rooms look a lot smaller than they actually are, as well giving the appearance of an uncared for and unhygienic home. “It’s worth remembering that prospective buyers want to envisage themselves lying in the home and see the potential it has to offer them. “An untidy home could be enough to put people off buying or making a lower offer than the asking price.” According to Adam, this is an easily rectified issue. READ MORE: Royal fans 'shocked' after visiting 'tacky' Buckingham Palace - inside He recommended considering the best rooms to store unwanted clutter, such as cellars, garages and lofts. This can show prospective buyers the storage areas of the home to their full potential too. Gardens have become increasingly popular in the last couple of years, with a well-maintained outdoor space highly attractive to buyers. According to the expert, unkempt outdoor spaces can have a huge effect on the value of your property when it comes to selling. DON'T MISS:Pillow cleaning: Use £1 hack to ‘soak up moisture and odours’ [COMMENT]Monty Don shares how to prune rambling roses now [EXPERT]Mrs Hinch fans share how to clean mouldy washing machine drawers [EXPLAINER] Adam explained: “ An overgrown garden could have an effect on the value of your property when the time comes to sell. Even if you’re not a gardener, it’s paramount that you keep your garden in a tidy condition as it prevents prospective buyers from seeing the overall potential and general condition of the exterior of the property. “Something as simple as mowing the grass and removing any weeds can deliver instant results in making the outdoors spaces look more attractive. If fences and gates are in good condition, consider painting them to give the space a fresh and smarter new look. “Replacing untidy lawns with gravel or loose chippings is also a great, relatively inexpensive way of improving the appearance of your property, particularly at the front which will provide prospective buyers with a good first impression.” Like gardens, kitchens are often considered to be an important space in the home and can be the selling point of many properties. READ MORE: Lawn care tips: Two ways to repair ‘patches’ in the grass This means the appearance of kitchen worktops and doors can be enough to put buyers off. The expert said: “Improvements can be made to refresh a kitchen, without having to completely refit a new one. There are companies who will create new and reconditioned kitchen doors and fit new worktops which are made to measure and will suit most budgets, significantly reducing the cost of replacing the whole kitchen whilst giving it a new lease of life. “For homeowners looking to spend less, consider painting or respraying the kitchen doors yourself, making sure that you choose a good quality paint to cover the existing colour. “Other quick fixes include painting the walls a fresh new colour and fitting new door handles to give doors a makeover. Making sure that flooring tiles and wood flooring are fitted correctly, with no gaps is also another low cost job that will add a quality feel to your kitchen.” Bathrooms can also undergo a lot of hard use and can easily be the oldest looking room in the home. According to Adam, old bathroom suites, particularly coloured ones such as avocado and peach shades, can have a “profound effect” on property values. The expert explained: “If homeowners have the budget, consider changing an old and discoloured bathroom suite with a new, white coloured one. Basic bath and shower trays can be picked up for as little as £120 and can work wonders with transforming the look of your bathroom, without spending a fortune. “If any of your tiles are cracked or causing a leak, get them replaced. Cracked tiles can look shabby and if they’re letting in leaks, fix them now before it becomes a bigger problem. Make sure the grout is clean too, removing any black mould or unsightly stains. “Lighting can also be a relatively low cost fix that will help lift a bathroom. Use LED white or natural coloured lights which will help simulate natural light and make the space a lot more usable and attractive.” Out-of-date heating appliances and small cosmetic damages within the home are also other mistakes homeowners make.