Rishi's new tax cut is a classic example. Whether it's right or wrong as a policy is irrelevant. It's just a U-turn based spectacularly on the noise coming from the nutters of social media. Nothing else. Gracious, the very idea that it should be an intelligent judgement call based on diamond-hard data, the needs of the country, and the considered opinions of the best minds Britain can muster. And God forbid it should be a passionately held belief stemming from a core of rock-solid principles. Nope, like all political gambits of the last decade or so it's a craven response to a rabble of the great unwashed on social media. Rishi's just plain scared. Here's my question: Who has time for social media? For quite a few years I covered courts around Britain and when it came to jury selection the smart (and by that I really mean people with a job) tried their best to duck out of it because, frankly, they had better things to do. This usually meant the accused was left with a jury not so much of their peers but of the old, the befuddled and the feckless who saw two weeks in a court as a refreshing change from daytime TV and barbiturate abuse. It's the same crew on social media. And yet our MPs treat their word as god - pandering and changing policy in response to Twitterstorms. This sorry bunch of angry weirdos (and no I don't mean the Tory Party) is effectively running Britain - no wonder we're in it up to our necks. The same Tory Party has just got rid of a Prime Minister with that rarest of things - political vision. His own political vision, and a belief in trying to surround himself with clever ideas people. I know it's an unpopular choice but the last person with anything like the same moxy was Tony Blair. Dogged forever by Iraqgate he may be, but in 1997 he was possessed of a clear vision for Britain and, frankly, after the awful and increasingly disgraceful end of the Thatcher/Major era (little of which was actually Major's fault) Blair was a political breath of fresh air. Since then we've had Theresa May who was brutally unmasked as useless, the utterly pointless David Cameron and a Gordon Brown presiding over a sh**storm of his own party's making. (Oh and on the other side of the House we've had Ed Miliband, Harriet Harman and Jeremy Corbyn - and frankly you wouldn't trust any of that lot to get a round of drinks in without cocking it up, never mind run a nation.) And yes Blair and Johnson could obviously avail themselves of the focus group/social media analysis mentality of Whitehall but both had egos the size of medium-sized nations and thus the self-belief their ideas, on occasion at least, were better. (Just ask Dominic Cummings). Pen-pushers who work for the council won't like these "none inclusive" ideas, indeed it will seem like heresy, but Boris was right when he said the M25 or the Channel Tunnel wouldn't have been built if left to the Treasury. Now we are faced with Liz Truss or Rishi Sunak - both, I'm afraid, classic No2 fodder, two of life's deputies, terrified of social media and both willing to bend to the political wind (as perceived on Twitter). My advice? Next time you need your MP to get off his or her backside and do something forget writing a letter or traipsing down to their surgery, just organise a Twitter pile-on.