Experts are reminding older people to “check if you’re eligible” for the multiple benefit payments and grants which have been rolled out to assist struggling families. Inflation in the UK has hit 9.4 percent and the energy price cap is for to reach £3,500 by October, which is putting a great strain on the finances of pensioners. While those who are 66 or older are entitled to the state pension, many older households are concerned this will not be enough to address the exponential hike in the cost of living. As part of its response to the cost of living payment, the Government is providing those on means-tested benefits with a £650 payment and giving £300 extra to pensioners. Rowan Harding, a financial planner at Path Financial, outlined why this support is essential to so many older households. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Ms Harding explained: “Many people are feeling the pressure and struggling to make ends meet at the moment, but pensioners are in a particularly vulnerable position. “Along with rising inflation and the increasing costs of fuel, energy and food, pensioners saw their state pension increase by just 3.1 percent in April because of the triple lock suspension. READ MORE: State pensioners may be able to increase sum by up to £14.75 weekly “This is a really worrying time for people, particularly those relying on their state pension alone.” As part of her message to older Britons, the financial expert cautioned pensioners on what they could be missing out on if they fail to claim what they are entitled to. She said: "Check if you’re eligible for additional financial support or welfare benefits such as Pension Credit – if so, you should claim it. “Many people are missing out on benefits that they are entitled to, but this extra help can be a safety net during times of financial difficulty.”  Specifically, Ms Harding highlighted the support provided by Pension Credit which is a “gateway“ benefit to other cost of living support. “Pension Credit is a tax-free payment, separate from your state pension, for those on a low income,” the finance expert explained. “It gives you extra money to help with your living costs and is also a gateway to other help such as council tax relief or support for dental care costs and the one-off cost of living payment of £650. “There is also support in place to help with the cost of energy and living expenses during the winter months. READ MORE: ‘Game over!’ Woman, 42, watches as hackers steal £10,000 in attack  “If you were born on or before September 25, 1956, you could receive the Winter Fuel Payment - between £250 and £600 - to help with bills during winter. “Pensioners are also due to receive an additional, one-off £300 cost of living support payment this year. “Around October this year, the government is also intending to provide a £400 grant, which does not need to be repaid, under the Energy Bills Support Scheme. This amount is likely to be automatically applied via your energy provider.” To help check their eligibility for cost of living support, the Government has launched a new service. The Financial Support and Benefits Checker Tool is featured on the gov.uk Cost of Living page and can be accessed by anyone exploring what options are available to them. Older people looking for support will have to answer 10 questions when using the online service. Cross-referencing the various benefit payments and discounts on offer by the Government, the tool will inform them what support they could be eligible for.