And while I’m sure the majority of us will have felt a bit guilty when reaching for that plastic water bottle or throwing something into the wrong bin, we also know most people are trying their best. However, a recent survey has shown that some of the well-intentioned messaging to help us find simple ways to lead a greener lifestyle just aren’t translating for the average Brit. A YouGov survey commissioned by YoungPlanet (the app for parents I helped co-found) revealed that 87 percent of UK adults haven't heard of or don't know what the ‘circular economy’ is. The so-called ‘circular economy’ is the practice of sharing, reusing, repairing, refurbishing or recycling existing products, helping to prevent them from going into landfill and reducing the carbon impact that comes from producing new things. These practices - such as using charity shops, nabbing a bargain on Facebook Marketplace, or heading to a car boot sale - are ones which pretty much all of us will be familiar with and are some of the easiest things we can do to cut down our carbon footprint. But when presented with the term, the ‘circular economy’ doesn’t seem to be ringing any bells. The key problem is, clearly, not people’s knowledge of the actions involved, but the wording. Perhaps now is the time to bring climate change concepts, such as the circular economy, back down to earth - focusing instead on useful, usable language that empowers people to go green in simple, cost-effective ways. If we want the general public to get truly behind the green agenda (particularly in a time of economic uncertainty, when cost concerns will often trump environmental ones) we need to ensure we’re being practical. Whilst it’s handy to have ‘catch all’ phrases like the circular economy in certain situations, it appears that terminology like this can create a disjoint between planet-positive actions that people could easily engage with, and the way we talk about them.  This is needed now more than ever. Because, despite most people keen to help the environment, there is still more we as individuals could be doing. The same survey results showed that, of the 13 percent of people who did know what the circular economy is, only around four in 10 had used it in the past year. There’s clearly a big opportunity to engage the other 60 percent in all things ‘circular’ and foster a stronger culture of re-using, repairing, sharing and recycling. Indeed, this is a mindset that would have been intrinsic to the actions of many of our parents and grandparents - particularly those who grew up during or in the shadow of WW2. There’s never been a more opportune time to bring back this ‘make do and mend’ mentality. The UK has a big landfill problem: we’re simply chucking too much stuff out. A recent report warned that the environmental impact of landfill will stop the UK from reaching its target of becoming net-zero by 2050.  We generated over 222.2 million tonnes of waste in 2018 (the latest year there are statistics for) and the most recent data shows recycling rates actually going down. And a lot of the stuff heading to landfill could be re-used or re-purposed; helping dent the waste mountain and save us money in the process. However, thanks to technology and a push from big brands to go greener, it’s never been easier to play our part. From eBay sponsoring Love Island and the rise of apps like Depop, to second-hand smartphone marketplaces and new innovations in renewable energy; so many companies and brands are seeing the opportunity to take eco-options mainstream. These are, of course, only small pieces of the climate change puzzle, but small steps are better than none. By bringing green concepts down to earth and making it clearer to people how they can contribute (and how it benefits them as well as the planet), we have a shot at making our individual contributions mean more. It’s time to move away from the buzzwords, embrace common-sense, and make the green option the go-to for families across the UK. 