Yorkshire Shepherdess Amanda Owen chatted with Matt Baker at this year’s Great Yorkshire Show on Thursday, a celebration of all things agriculture which has taken place across four days this week. In her latest appearance on This Morning, with Alison Hammond and Dermot O’Leary presenting this week, the Channel 5 star revealed she lost track of one of her nine children during one visit to the event. Amanda and Matt reminisced about their many visits to the Great Yorkshire Show over the years on their This Morning segment. While the four-day festival is always a highlight of the year, the shepherdess admitted attending with the whole family proved rather challenging. “Can you remember what it was like for me coming here with the kids?” she recalled to Matt. “I remember losing a child here at the Great Yorkshire Show! It’s very, very stressful.” READ MORE: SEAL Team’s David Boreanaz pays tribute to coach of ’20+ years’ Matt laughed and added: “It is scary that!” The show will be taking place until Friday, when thousands of sheep, cattle and pigs will be taken back to their homes across the country. Unfortunately, farming fans who haven’t managed to get their tickets will have to wait until next year for another chance to visit one of Yorkshire’s biggest calendar events. “The bad news is that, this year, tickets have actually sold out,” Amanda explained. “I think there’s 140,000 people expected to come to the show.” "It doesn’t surprise me, though,” Matt added. “This is the best agricultural show in the world, in my eyes.” Amanda shares nine children with her husband Clive Owen, with whom she has hosted Our Yorkshire Farm for the past four years. Raven, Reuben, Miles, Edith, Violet, Sidney, Annas, Clemmy, and Nancy have all appeared on the popular Channel 5 series. DON'T MISS:Carol Vorderman leaves James May flustered in flirty exchange [VIDEO]Naga Munchetty distracts BBC viewers with outfit [REACTION]Better Call Saul’s Lalo star exposes original death scene [SPOILERS] However, the show may have to undergo some major changes after Amanda announced her separation from Clive after 21 years of marriage in June this year. She confirmed the news on Instagram in a written statement from herself and Clive to her 513,000 followers. “Clive and I are sad to confirm that we have made the difficult decision to separate,” she wrote. "This hasn't been easy, but we both believe it's the right choice for the future of our family.” “Although we are no longer a couple, we continue to work on the farm and co-parent together, with our number one priority being the happiness and well-being of our children. “We would like to thank everyone for their support and would ask that the media please respect our privacy as we work through this difficult time.” Thankfully, her challenging life update hasn’t stopped her from having a good time with Matt at the Yorkshire Show. This Morning airs weekdays from 10am on ITV.