Airbnb used its data to find the UK’s top trending seaside destinations this year. The research shows that many Britons are choosing a beach staycation over a holiday abroad in 2022. READ MORE: 'How to get free drinks and upgrades': Flight attendant shares tricks The UK’s top trending seaside destination was Hornsea in the East Riding of Yorkshire. Hornsea has plenty to offer British holidaymakers with a quaint promenade and historic Victorian folly. One visitor to Hornsea Bridge wrote on Tripadvisor: “Such a beautiful beach, mainly sand but with some pebbles to make sandcastles or admire the different colours. Tranquil setting in the evening.” Holidaymakers could also pay a visit to the Hornsea Museum or the Bugtopia Hornsea Zoo. Walton-on-the-Naze in Essex took the second spot while Fleetwood in Lancashire was the third most popular spot. Formby in Merseyside also made the list and is considered one of the UK’s hidden seaside gems. Anyone who fancies a trip to the Isle of Wight could consider a holiday in Sandown, number five on the list. North Yorkshire could be the perfect staycation spot with two stunning seaside spots making the top 10. READ MORE: Dubai holidays: The hidden side of Dubai Scarborough was the 10th most popular spot and is home to some of the UK’s best fish and chips. Councillor Jim Grieve from Scarborough Borough Council, said: “We’re delighted to be named one of the top trending seaside destinations in the UK by Airbnb this year. “Scarborough is the original coastal holiday destination and since the Victorians realised just how fantastic our town is, we’ve welcomed millions of people. “Whether someone comes to Scarborough to watch the world go by from the beach or sample award-winning food and drink, there is so much to do in our town. “With amazing countryside, seaside villages and the North York Moors on our doorstep, Scarborough is also a great base from which to explore the whole of the Yorkshire coast.” Amanda Cupples, General Manager for Northern Europe at Airbnb, said: “We’re continuing to see the resurgence of the Great British seaside holiday with Brits seeking coastal resorts, and in particular, lesser-known destinations in all corners of the country. “Beyond providing British holidaymakers the opportunity to discover up-and-coming destinations across the UK this summer, Hosts on Airbnb are creating valuable income streams for themselves and their communities. “Now is a great time for anyone curious about Hosting to offer a home away from home and take advantage of the bustling summer months to make some extra income.”