Richard Palmer, the royal correspondent for the Daily Express, told the Royal Round Up that the Duke and Duchess of Cornwall had been “very clever” in enlisting the help of the Queen to prepare the alteration of Camilla’s title upon Charles’ accession to the throne. Mr Palmer claimed it had been the “elephant in the room” that Camilla had previously said she did not want to be known as queen consort, and the endorsement of the monarch has helped address that issue.    Mr Palmer said: “As far as I’m aware, [Camilla] keeps saying she is very honoured to be asked by the Queen to become the queen consort and that she is looking forward to that. “But the question that no-one has asked her is why did she let it be known for years and years that you did not want to become queen consort then. “Why did you and your husband let it be known via your press office that your intention was for you to become princess consort when Charles becomes King? “It’s the elephant in the room really but what I said previously was that the danger for them was if they did not tackle that head on, if they were still sticking to the line that she was going to be princess consort, but suddenly on the day Charles becomes King, they announce that she is going to become Queen, then that risks the allegation that the whole name is built on a lie, really.    “At least they have tackled that now and they have been upfront about it. “I think getting the Queen to endorse that was a very clever thing to do and it has given a lot of weight to that idea.” On the eve of the Queen’s 70th anniversary of her accession, on February 5 of this year, the monarch released a message saying it was her “sincere wish” Camilla would be known as queen consort when Charles takes the throne. She wrote to the public: “I would like to express my thanks to you all for your support. I remain eternally grateful for, and humbled by, the loyalty and affection that you continue to give me. “And when, in the fullness of time, my son Charles becomes King, I know you will give him and his wife Camilla the same support that you have given me; and it is my sincere wish that, when that time comes, Camilla will be known as queen consort as she continues her own loyal service.” READ MORE: Camilla’s ‘devotion’ to ‘workaholic’ Charles [REVEAL]  It comes as the Duchess of Cornwall will celebrate her 75th birthday with a small family dinner, it has been announced. Camilla's milestone falls on Sunday and it is thought the Prince of Wales will host the evening get-together. Guests are likely to dine at Charles's Highgrove home in Gloucestershire, which has featured in Country Life, with the latest edition guest edited by the duchess. Her daughter Laura Lopes and son Tom Parker Bowles are expected along with her younger sister Annabel Elliot, who featured in an ITV documentary following Camilla as she took the reins of the magazine. DON'T MISS: Royal POLL: Should Camilla conduct more solo engagements? [POLL]Camilla has not been forgiven for Charles' affair as young love Diana [REVEAL] Camilla 'didn't want to be Queen Consort' - 'accepted it for Charles' [INSIGHT]   The birthday comes during a period of change for the monarchy, with the future queen consort speaking in the ITV documentary about "exciting new prospects" ahead as her position in the royal family takes on greater prominence. The duchess is the former royal mistress who will now stand shoulder to shoulder as queen with Charles when he becomes king. Camilla's public image has been transformed after she was cast as the "third person" in the Prince and Princess of Wales's marriage, to become a campaigning member of the monarchy prepared to serve the nation. During the 17 years she has been married to the prince she has grown into the role and is now an assured royal host when staging a reception at Clarence House or a confident representative of the Queen when invited to foreign lands. READ NEXT: Queen laughs as chat with hospice user interrupted by husband's phoneKate and William to join Camilla and Charles in 'joint reign' Camilla's father's secret past as Nazi prisoner of warCamilla reveals 'excitement' over royal future as Duchess Charles and Lilibet meeting 'weaponised' in press 