Manchester United forward Cristiano Ronaldo could be heading for the Old Trafford exit this summer after reports over the weekend claimed he wants the Red Devils to allow him to leave. United signed the player for a second time last summer and he went on to bag an impressive 24 goals in all competitions last season. Ronaldo was supposed to return to the club’s Carrington base on Monday morning to start pre-season training but was absent due to family reasons. And United could be resigned to losing the 37-year-old over the coming weeks. The blockbuster star has already been linked with a whole host of clubs this summer and is unlikely to be short of potential suitors as he looks to prolong his career at the top of the game. And Express Sport takes a look at four clubs who could sign him before the new season gets underway. Ronaldo has recently been tipped to make a shock move to Chelsea as the Blues’ new owner Todd Boehly looks to make an impact at Stamford Bridge. The American is said to be the driving force behind the transfer interest as he wants a marquee signing to mark the beginning of his tenure. READ MORE: Arsenal make move to beat Man Utd to Lisandro Martinez with 'improved offer'  Ronaldo has proved he can still find the back of the net in the Premier League, although he is no longer able to play an intense style of pressing football. And if Blues boss Thomas Tuchel is willing to allow Ronaldo to roam free in front of goal, the Portugal international could well be the goalscorer the team have been looking for. Bayern Munich are another club who are in search of a top striker as they could be set to lose their Polish goal machine Robert Lewandowski to Barcelona in the coming weeks. Bayern won their 10th consecutive Bundesliga title at a canter last season and are said to be targeting Ronaldo, who could be set to link-up with former Liverpool ace Sadio Mane at the Allianz Arena. Ronaldo reportedly believes he has three of four years left at the top of the game and is desperate to play Champions League football. So if he doesn’t want to stay in England and play in Europe’s top-tier competition with Chelsea, a move to Bayern could well be on the cards. DON'T MISSArsenal's transfer window in danger of collapsing with three deals now in major doubtLeeds 'submit transfer request' for former Arsenal target amid Raphinha uncertaintyTottenham told £34m target won't be seventh signing as Conte given transfer deadline  Mega-rich PSG have the money to sign the world’s top players and currently have Lionel Messi, Neymar and Kylian Mbappe as their front three. But they could still decide to make room for Ronaldo, whose professionalism on and off the pitch would surely be welcomed at the Parc des Princes. If Ronaldo did move to the Ligue 1 champions, he would be able to pay alongside Messi for the first time in his career. And that’s a fairytale link-up that football fans across the world would surely love to witness. Napoli have also joined the race to sign Ronaldo this summer after finishing third in Serie A last time around. The club are among the best in Italy these days and finished above Ronaldo’s former side Juventus during the 2021/22 campaign. They would have to stump up enormous wages to land the veteran and could face a huge battle to persuade him to turn down offers from Europe’s more distinguished clubs. But if they can entice him to the Diego Armando Maradona Stadium, they are likely to be rewarded with a hatful of goals. 