Prince Charles and Princess Diana married in a huge display of pomp and pageantry back in 1981. All eyes were on the couple during what was dubbed their 'fairytale' wedding day, and millions tuned in to watch the wedding broadcast on TV. But nerves seemed to get to Diana on her big day as she messed up Prince Charles' full name during her wedding vows. Diana famously called her husband Philip Charles Arthur George rather than Charles Philip during her wedding vows. A minor hiccup, the rest of Charles and Diana's nuptials went ahead without a hitch, but Diana did implement a major change to the ceremony. Traditional wedding vows see a man commit "to love and to cherish" his wife, while a bride would commit "to love, cherish and to obey".  READ MORE: New Archie pictures show 'significant' difference with Cambridges But Diana opted to have "obey" removed from her vows, subsequently becoming the first royal woman to do so. Instead, Diana only pledged to Charles that she would "love him, comfort him, honour and keep him, in sickness and in health", according to a New York Times report from the time. Previously, the Queen had pledged to "obey" Prince Philip during her 1947 wedding, like other royal brides before her. But in recent years, brides like Kate Middleton and Meghan Markle have opted to have the pledge to obey removed altogether.  As a future King, Prince Charles' full name is extensive. He was born Charles Philip Arthur George, with Philip thought to be a tribute to his father and George a tribute to his grandfather, King George VI. For the first few years of his life, Charles was known as His Royal Highness Prince Charles of Edinburgh, reflecting his father's Dukedom of Edinburgh. DON'T MISS:Royal Family ranked: Kate storms ahead of William in popularity [ANALYSIS]Fans raise concern over Prince George appearance at Wimbledon [INSIGHT]Forgotten photo of Prince William looks so like Charlotte [PICTURES]  But after the Queen ascended the throne, Charles was known formally as the Duke of Cornwall, the title reserved for the heir to the throne. He was later created the Prince of Wales by the Queen in 1958, and he was formally invested in the role in 1969. Charles also holds the title of Duke of Rothesay while in Scotland, and he uses his Duke of Cornwall title in South East England. While married to Charles and after their divorce in 1996, Diana was known as the Princess of Wales, but she lost her HRH honorific following their split. 