Before the rule change, British tourists in Greece had to self-isolate for five days in a designated quarantine hotel if they tested positive. Quarantine hotels are no longer mandatory for tourists who test positive. It will now be up to tourists to decide whether to self-isolate if they test positive while on holiday in Greece. Infected tourists will also be able to use public transport but must wear an FPP2 or KN95 face mask when doing so. The country is thought to have changed the rules to align with other European countries on Covid. Epidemiologist Christos Hatzichristodoulou told local media: “There was a lot of discussion about how to manage outbreaks in tourist accommodation and we decided to apply what applies to the rest of the Mediterranean countries, because the majority of countries in northern Europe do not have any measures at all to protect against the coronavirus.” READ MORE: British expats: Europe’s cheapest coastal resorts Greece had already removed all travel entry restrictions including rules on vaccine certificates on May 1. TUI has said it expects the highest level of demand for Greece on record this year as it becomes one of Europe’s most popular destinations. A TUI spokesperson said: “Greece is again this summer one of the most popular holiday destinations. “We expect the highest level of demand ever. “In total the group is expected to bring around three million holidaymakers to Greece. “A higher number of visitors than before the pandemic, when it was around 2.8 million.” The capital city, Athens, is one of Greece’s most visited destinations with many tourists travelling to see the incredible ancient sites. Tourists can also sample Greece’s culinary delights in the capital city or enjoy a cocktail in the Old Town. READ MORE: easyJet strikes: Affected airports and dates The Greek islands are some of the country’s biggest tourist draws with many visitors travelling to enjoy the beaches each year. More than 300,000 tourists travelled to Corfu in June and hotels were at almost full capacity heading into summer. Party loving tourists tend to head to Mykonos or Zante which both have a buzzing nightlife scene. However, British tourists could be in for a summer of travel chaos with delays and cancellations likely to disrupt some holidays. easyJet and Ryanair staff are striking in Spain this July which could cause disruption for some tourists. Tourists have also faced long queues at airports across the UK as the industry struggles to recruit enough staff. British Airways, easyJet, TUI and Wizz Air have all cancelled flights as the UK heads into the summer peak season. Passengers with cancelled flights are entitled to another flight on their intended day of travel if one is available.