The period drama inspired by Jane Austen's final and unfinished novel, Sanditon, left viewers craving more after the first season's heartbreaking finale. Initially, the series was cancelled by ITV, but after passionate campaigning for the show to return, fans were delighted with the news it had been commissioned for two more seasons. However, leading star Theo James, who played Sidney Parker, will not be returning to the series and co-star Rose Williams admitted to feeling "sad" about his departure. The announcement of Sanditon returning to viewers' screens was quickly followed by a statement from Theo saying he would not be returning. He explained: "Although I relished playing Sidney, for me, I've always maintained that his journey concluded as I wanted it to. "The broken fairy-tale-like ending between Charlotte and Sidney is different, unique, and so interesting to me, and I wish the cast and crew every success with future series." Charlotte Hayward (played by Rose Williams) was left heartbroken when Sidney rejected her love and left fans unsure as to whether she would appear in the new series. READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes slams 'hypocritical' Prince Harry over climate change However, it has been revealed that Charlotte is set to return and finds herself entangled in yet another romantic situation. Opening up about Theo's departure from the show, Rose explained to Express.co.uk and other press: "I mean, you know, I'm sad, but there was a handful that didn't come back, which, you know, is sad, but at the same time, I'm blessed to work with this beautiful new ensemble with brand new energy. "We also shot in a lot of new locations, and I feel so lucky, like Ben [Lloyd-Hughes] is so encouraging as you can tell, great sense of humour. "It was kind of a bit, because of the Covid stuff, normally, you have a read-through at the beginning of the season where you kind of get to know everyone. "We have a drink afterwards, but we were in this room everyone was so spread apart, so it really all kicked in after having a drink and then got going with the filming. "But wonderful, wonderful, wonderful talents have entered the show, the lovely Flora [Mitchell] he plays Leo Colbourne, Tom Weston-Jones who plays Colonel Francis Lennox, the army officers Frank [Blake] and Maxim [Ays] that was so lovely. "Rosie [Graham], who plays my younger sister, we got a little house on fire, so a joy really we had a nice time it was the summer. "Character-wise, Charlotte was in a completely new space and not, as I said, you know, not looking for love. DON'T MISS...Why did Theo James leave Sanditon as Sidney Parker? [INSIGHT]How many episodes are in Sanditon season 2? [LATEST]Sanditon season 2 episode 1 cast: Who guest stars in the series? [WATCH] "She's more on a process of managing grief and the expectations from her family and for society to get married, pushing against them, and just meeting people that opened up her world. "I think Charlotte really learns about herself and is reminded about qualities that she has within her through these two vibrant, vivacious cheeky young women," she explained. The official announcement for the second series of the hit period drama reads: "The drama will continue to follow the high-spirited and independent heroine, Charlotte Heywood, as she returns to the picturesque coastal resort of Sanditon. "Charlotte’s journey is one thread of an intricate tapestry of compelling stories full of intrigue, excitement, and romance. "Against the backdrop of beautiful vistas, familiar faces return, and new inhabitants are introduced – all of whom will be having adventures as joyous and surprising as the seaside town itself." Sanditon season one originally aired in the UK on ITV before heading over to America, where it aired on PBS Masterpiece. It picked up a loyal fanbase in the UK and was also a major hit in the US, but ITV didn't want to make any more seasons. Sanditon season two begins Friday, July 22 at 9pm on ITV.