Grease splashing onto walls is most homeowners’ worst nightmare. The stains can be tricky to remove, especially from painted walls. There’s a fear that using chemicals on walls can strip them or leave behind an even worse stain. One cleaning expert has shared the “key” to removing grease unsightly stains from walls. Nic Shacklock from Online-Bedrooms.co.uk exclusively told Express.co.uk that the “key to removing grease stains is to act fast”. He continued: “The longer you wait, the harder it will be to remove the mark. “Washing up liquid and a sponge is all you need. READ MORE: ‘The best way’ to clean patios for 29p - ‘removes stains and weeds’ “Dampen the sponge, pour on some washing up liquid, squeeze to make it foamy then press to the wall and rub a few times. “Leave for 15 minutes and wipe using a clean damp sponge.” Washing up liquid can be found in most homes, but if you don’t have any it’s relatively affordable in most supermarkets. Sainsbury's Washing Up Liquid Cherry, Limited Edition costs just 50p.  DON'T MISSPlants to ‘avoid’ growing beside each other - ‘very bad idea!’ [INSIGHT]When to plant grass seed - benefits of seasonal sowing [UPDATE]‘Most effective’ lawn task to stimulate ‘stronger’ grass growth [ANALYSIS] Tesco Washing Up Liquid Limited Edition Seasonal is 44p. ASDA Smart Price Washing Up Liquid costs just 34p. Ocado Original Washing Up Liquid costs 70p. However, if this hack doesn’t work, Nic suggested using either glass cleaner or shaving foam instead. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea He said: “Simply apply the product on the stain and wait 10 - 20 minutes. “Wipe the surface with a damp cloth and wait until it dries. The grease should be removed.” Shaving foam is known to possess a plethora of cleaning properties. Some cleaning experts suggest using it to clean carpets, mirrors and stainless steel.  The household cleaning hack is also relatively affordable, with shaving foam costing as little as 99p. Boots Shave Foam costs just £1 and Gillette Classic Sensitive Skin Shave Foam is also £1 from Tesco. Insette Shaving Foam Sensitive can be purchased for 99p from Savers.