Prince George was urged to not drop the coveted Wimbledon trophy by his father Prince William after being handed the prize by Novak Djokovic. The young royal was on centre court to witness the Serbian defeat Nick Kyrgios in the men's final. Prince George cracked a smile when Djokovic offered him the trophy to hold. A clearly excited George gripped the gold cup with both hands. Either side of George, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge congratulated Djokovic on his most recent win. Prince William was overheard advising his son "don't drop it!" The eight-year-old prince sat between his parents the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge in the prime seats in the royal box. Kate, who is patron of the All England Club, looked summery in a navy blue skirt and matching top with white polka dots by designer Alessandra Rich. Kate presented the trophy to Djokovic after he won his seventh Wimbledon singles' championship, his fourth in a row, and his 21st grand slam crown in a tense three-hour final against a frustrated Kyrgios. The men's singles match comes with a backdrop of controversy as Kyrgios faces charges for common assault against a former partner in Australia.  The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge arrived at Wimbledon with Prince George ahead of the men's singles final and were greeted by ball boys and girls as well as staff in the Millennium building before crossing the bridge over cheering crowds into Centre Court. They sat in the royal box to watch Kyrgios attempt to defeat the defending champion. The royals first greeted a group of military personnel who are working as stewards at the championship - Lt Col Lucy Smith from the Army, deputy assistant commissioner Philip Morton, from the London Fire Brigade, Lt Commander Chris Boucher from the Royal Navy and Sergeant Jacquie Crook from the Royal Air Force. Kate asked them about their roles and how many championships they had worked at Wimbledon, to which one replied: "19 years". DON'T MISS: David Davis lets slip Liz Truss about to enter leadership race [VIDEO]Sajid Javid admits Scottish independence vote can't be put off forever [INTERVIEW]Rees-Mogg tests Brexiteer credentials of candidates with single demand [VIDEO] She then explained to George what the group members do, saying: "They look after everybody to make sure the crowds are safe and happy, doing the right thing, in the right seats, making sure the grounds are safe." When asked about George coming to Wimbledon, she said: "Is this your first time? It is, isn't it?" to which he replied: "Yes". When asked why Charlotte was not there, she said: "It's George's treat today." George was also asked who he was going to support and appeared too shy to answer so William looked at him and whispered: "Djokovic" before adding: "We'll see how long it lasts. He'll support the winner."