During a heatwave, homes up and down the country can become hotspots for humidity, especially for those who have any sun-facing windows. One way to cool down a home in the heat, is to use a wet towel. Laundry expert Deyan Dimitrov, founder of Laundryheap, has shared this “simple hack” which involves just a towel and cold water. The method involves hanging cold, wet towels up around the home at entry points such as windows and doors, to cool down the property. It’s best to use clean towels for this method as this will also create a pleasant scent. Dip the clean towels in cool water and simply hang them up. The laundry expert said: “The method allows trapped water to evaporate from the surface of the towels and cool the air flowing around your house. READ MORE: Laundry items to ‘avoid’ putting in the washing machine - ‘damaging’ “Since this hack can be fashioned out of existing household items, it’s a cheap and useful alternative for houses that don’t have access to air conditioning.” Make sure to use light-coloured towels to reduce the amount of light they will absorb when they’re hung in the sun. Dirty towels will fill a house up with damp and unpleasant smells. Adding a few drops of essential oils such as lavender to the softener compartment of the washing machine will give them an even nicer smell. DON'T MISSInside Kate Middleton and William's new home with 'unique features' [INSIGHT]Pippa Middleton lives in £17m home in Chelsea - perfect for new baby [UPDATE]Move houseplants today to avoid 'damaging' hot weather killing them [ANALYSIS] The method works best in sunlit and breezy rooms because the conditions allow water to evaporate faster from the towels and give out a greater cooling effect. Try to hang the towels at entry points within the home where fresh air can come inside, such as near doorways or against open windows. This will immediately cool any air coming into the house. To make the home extra cool, position fans next to the towels facing inwards. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea This will help to push the cooler air further around the room. On particularly humid days, when the wind and sun aren’t strong enough to circulate air through the home the fans will help. Replace the towels with freshly chilled ones throughout the day to keep the room especially cool. Freezing towels can offer faster and greater relief.  After soaking them in cold water, roll them up inside a ziplock bag for protection and then put them in the freezer about an hour before taking them out. Take the towel out, let it thaw for a few minutes and then it’s ready to use. Dipping the towel in ice cold water would also work.