Ferrari have been accused of 'hurting' their star driver Charles Leclerc in the British Grand Prix at Silverstone last weekend after yet another string of poor strategic decisions saw the Monegasque hero miss out on a podium finish for the fifth race in a row - harming his title battle with Lewis Hamilton and Max Verstappen even further. Leclerc started the season in superb fashion, winning the opening race of the campaign in Bahrain which was followed up by a win in Australia just two weeks later. But a mixture of poor strategic choices since then have seen him miss out on gold ever since, the most recent being at Silverstone on Sunday. The 24-year-old fumed at his bosses for holding him up before team-mate Carlos Sainz, who went on to win his first race at the 150th attempt. And former Formula One star Jolyon Palmer believes that the move has 'hurt' the prospects of their lead driver in both the race and in the title battle. "Leclerc sustained significant damage to his car following a robust overtaking attempt on Sergio Perez on the opening lap of the restart, which cost him his entire front wing endplate," Palmer told the official Formula One site. "Ferrari declared over the radio that this cost him about five points of downforce, which is a costly but not an insurmountable amount. It’s surprising considering the visible extent of the damage it wasn’t more. "Either way, despite this deficit, Leclerc was faster and was frustrated over the radio at being held up behind Sainz. In fact, this season there have only been two races where Sainz has looked to have demonstrably strong race pace, Monaco and Canada. And in these two, the comparison with Leclerc hasn’t been possible due to traffic for the Monegasque driver. "Given all of this, and the fact that they were both racing a resurgent Lewis Hamilton, I’m surprised at Ferrari’s indecision at swapping their two drivers early on in the race; it was clearly hurting the prospects of their main contender." Leclerc still sits third in the Drivers' Championship standings, although his 43 point gap to Max Verstappen could have been a lot closer had the Prancing Horse gone about their business more pragmatically. With his best ever season in Formula One being a fourth-placed finish back in 2019, the Ferrari star should aim to beat his current record. However, with team principal Mattia Binotto not helping the cause, it is easy to understand his concerns at what should have been a potential title win. The star will look to better the eighth-placed finish he earned in Austria last season when he takes to the Red Bull Ring over the weekend. With two podium finishes in Spielberg in the past, Leclerc is no stranger to strong finishes at the famous track. But with title rival Verstappen having won three of the last four outings in Austria, there is an uphill battle to succeed.