Elvis Presley’s first major girlfriend after his marriage to Priscilla fell apart was Linda Thompson, who The King dated from 1972-76. The Miss Tennessee model moved into Graceland and during this period saw every single one of his Las Vegas residency shows. At Christmas time 1976, less than a year before Elvis’ untimely death at just 42, Linda amicably broke up with The King saying she wanted a more normal life out of the celebrity spotlight. The star would go on to date Ginger Alden in his final months, but he remained close friends with his old flame. Now 72, Linda is very active on social media and regularly pays tribute to Elvis, sharing memories and photos. In one of her most recent Instagram stories, she shared how The King reacted to their breakup, heading upstairs at Graceland – an area fans to this day are not allowed to enter. It turns out Linda didn’t find out what Elvis did until his Aunt Delta revealed the truth to Linda. Vernon Presley’s sister had been widowed and was invited to live at Graceland, where she ended up being the final resident until her death in 1993, over a decade after tours began at the mansion. Linda recalls that she told her that after their break up, Elvis headed upstairs to his piano to play one of his most famous late tracks. READ MORE: Elvis: Linda Thompson shares sweet photos and secret baby speculation In the Instagram story, you could hear Unchained Melody, which is the first song on Elvis’ final studio album Moody Blue, recorded on tour in April 1977. Considering the lyrics, you can tell just how much The King cared for her. They go: “Oh, my love, my darling. I’ve hungered for your touch. A long, lonely time. Time goes by so slowly and time can do so much. Are you still mine? I need your love. I need your love. God speed your love to me. Lonely rivers flow to the sea, to the sea. To the open arms of the sea. Lonely rivers cry, wait for me, wait for me. I’ll be coming home, wait for me.” Linda said that Elvis told his Aunt Delta: “You can’t just forget someone you’ve spent almost every day with for four and half years.” His former lover added: “Every time I hear this song I think of what she told me.” The King famously sang Unchained Melody at his final concert in Indianapolis on June 26, 1977. In the footage from the posthumous 1977 TV special, which has never been re-released, Elvis was clearly very unwell, overweight and out of breath. DON'T MISSElvis ‘changed’ by Linda Thompson ‘I’d never seen him do that before!’ [ELVIS]Elvis grandson: Lisa Marie shares 'eternal bond' photo with late son [LISA MARIE]Elvis: Linda Thompson's tribute to King 50 years after first meeting [LINDA THOMPSON] However, the star’s voice never failed him as he belted out the love song.  In fact, it’s recreated and then actually shown at the end of Baz Luhrmann’s Elvis biopic. Unchained Melody was also one of the last songs Elvis ever played on the piano hours before his death on August 16, 1977. After a few games in his racquetball court at Graceland with his cousin Billy Smith, The King performed the track there before heading upstairs to bed for the final time.