Firstly, notice the complexion of your skin. Is it taking on a yellow-ish hue that wasn't there before? If so, this could be indicative of jaundice. Jaundice will also lead to yellowing of the whites of the eyes; if you notice jaundice on your face, contact your doctor immediately. Stomach cancer can also lead to unwelcoming sensations, including nausea, fatigue, and stomach pain. Furthermore, the stomach might extend outwards as it swells, and the skin might become itchy. When going to the toilet, be on the lookout for "black poo which contains blood", Cancer Research UK pointed out. Also pay attention to any trouble you could be experiencing with swallowing, which is another possible sign of stomach cancer. Stomach cancer tends to spread to the liver when not caught in the earliest of stages, or the lungs or tissue lining in the abdominal cavity. When the tumour has spread to the lungs, you are likely to experience a recurring cough, breathlessness, and ongoing chest infections. If you have any symptoms that are lingering for three weeks or more, it's good practice to have a medical doctor investigate the underlying cause. There is no national screening for stomach cancer in the UK, so if you are experiencing symptoms, do book a doctor's appointment. Your doctor might check your blood pressure, heart rate, and temperature. DON'T MISSDiabetes: The drink that's 'so beneficial' for lowering blood sugar [TIPS]'There is no cure' Howie Mandel's 'disorders' explained [INSIGHT]Dementia: Food eaten by millions may 'speed up' plaque [ADVICE] Further testing might require a poo sample and blood tests, in addition to a general examination. "They will feel for any areas that are swollen or might not feel normal. And if you have any pain, they will feel those areas," the charity explained.  "They also listen to your chest and tummy to find out if it sounds normal. For example they can listen for signs of fluid collecting, or your digestive system working." Your doctor might order a gastroscopy, which is when medical staff look inside the stomach. A gastroscopy will take place in a hospital setting, where additional tests might be required. Examples could include a CT scan or endoscopy, where biopsies might be collected.  If stomach cancer is diagnosed, there are different stages of the disease, from stage one to stage four. Stage one typically means the cancer has not spread elsewhere whereas stage four means the cancer has metastasised.