The Walking Dead has had a legion of followers from around the globe for more than a decade. Sadly, it's almost time to say a final farewell to the AMC and Disney+ zombie drama as the story comes to a close for good. Here's everything Express.co.uk knows about The Walking Dead season 11 part three. The Walking Dead season 11 consists of 24 episodes in total and is split into three parts. The first third came out on Sunday, August 22, 2021 and the second on Sunday, February 20, this year. News came out of when the last part, also consisting of eight episodes, would premiere, at this year's San Diego Comic Con. Fans can expect season 11, episode 17 of The Walking Dead on Sunday, October 2, on AMC in America and the following day for international fans on Disney+. READ MORE: Graham Norton slams Royal Family for ‘never learning’ The main cast from The Walking Dead season 11 part two who survived will all return for the last part. This includes Gabriel Stokes as Seth Gilliam, Aaron as Ross Marquand, Eugene Porter as Josh McDermitt and Rosita Espinosa as Christian Serratos. It is known that some of the bigger stars will survive as they are getting their own The Walking Dead spin-offs. These characters are Daryl Dixon (played by Norman Reedus), Carol Peletier (Melissa McBride), Maggie Rhee (Lauren Cohan) and Negan Smith (Jeffrey Dean Morgan). Yes, as well as announcing the release date for part three, the creators of The Walking Dead unveiled a new trailer. In the teaser clip, Lance Hornsby (Josh Hamilton) is seen saying in a creepy tone: "Thank you for coming, I hoped you would. I have a lot to say." But who is he talking to and what role will he play in this final battle? The trailer also revealed there would be "smart zombies", with the ability to open doors and climb walls, making them far more dangerous than before. DON'T MISS...Endeavour’s Roger Allam shares heartache of leaving Fred Thursday [EXIT]‘Floundering’ Harry’s US ambitions savaged by Sharon Osbourne [ROYAL]Rick Grimes movie cancellation explained by The Walking Dead boss [EXPLAINER]  Part three will follow on from the events of part two which saw the Commonwealth and its deputy-leader Lance, rising to power. Having had enough of people trying to take down his empire, Lance decides to take back control by having the Commonwealth soldiers move into Alexandria and the remains of Hilltop. He then has the people of Oceanside rounded up, flipping a coin and smirking as he walked towards them. Their fate was left unclear by the end of the episode but it looks like Lance has truly gone power mad.   This will be the final eight episodes of The Walking Dead before it comes to an end for good. While the show may almost be over, there is still plenty to look forward to. There was talk of a film but now there are several plans for spin-off shows, including one starring Rick Grimes actor Andrew Lincoln. The Walking Dead season 11 part 3 premieres on Sunday, October 2, on AMC in America and the following day on Disney+ in the UK.