Liverpool star Joe Gomez has dealt Reds legend Steven Gerrard a blow after reportedly holding contract talks with Jurgen Klopp upon his return from pre-season last week. Gomez had been linked with a move to Aston Villa in January, but now seems set to stay at Anfield for the long-term. The Englishman, 25, burst onto the scene in the 2017-18 season and excelled massively in 2019-20 as his partnership with Virgil van Dijk saw the Reds drop just 15 points across the entire Premier League season. Yet injuries beset his progress, and the form of Joel Matip alongside the emergence of Ibrahima Konate has seen him fall down the pecking order. A move to Aston Villa was touted back in January as Liverpool legend Steven Gerrard was appointed manager back in November, although a bid was not made for his services as Liverpool began to utilise him more as a rotation option. And that interest could well be killed off soon according to the Times, with reports claiming that Gomez has had talks about a contract extension. The publication states that Gomez has told the club that he wishes to stay on Merseyside, paving the way for a new long-term contract to be signed. He showed his commitment to Klopp's men on his return to training earlier this month, and with Matip aging, he would prove to be a superb long-term option with his stint inevitably set to continue. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez The news will be a dagger to the heart of Gerrard, who would have undoubtedly bagged a coup had Gomez moved to Villa Park. With just two years left on his contract, a cut-price deal may have been sought after for the 11-time England international. However, the arrival of Boubacar Kamara at Villa Park earlier in the window will soften some of the blow of Gomez's decision to stay. With the report further claiming that Neco Williams is set to depart for Nottingham Forest over the coming days in a £16million deal, Gomez will likely feature more as a right-back. And having starred in a similar role back in April against Watford, Jurgen Klopp said he was impressed with how he handled the change. “Even when we rotate and the boys don't start they’re never disappointed, and Joey was obviously not disappointed today," Klopp said after Gomez impressed against Watford. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen “It was clear Joe could, unfortunately, train with us for a full week, because he was not on international duty. We already knew it was tight for Trent, and at the beginning of the week we didn't even know there might be a chance. “Then we saw there was a chance, but because we saw Joey the whole week in training it was clear that he will start there (at right-back), and he did really well. “He could have set up a second goal. Defensively we don't have to talk, offensively [he had] some good moments and some not so good moments, because then you see the position he gets against a deep-sitting opponent it’s not too easy to find the right position. “He’s an outstanding ball player and he will play a lot of games in his career, he will play here a lot of games, definitely. This season was tricky for him, but who knows how things can change. He is ready. To use the opportunity when he gets it.”