Interest rates are steadily creeping up, following the Bank of England’s decision to introduce consecutive base rate rises. It means providers are stepping up their efforts to entice savers through stronger rates on savings accounts. One of the leading rates has been made available through NatWest’s Digital Regular Saver account. It is currently offering 3.25 percent to eligible savers in an effort to help “kick off your savings habit”. Individuals will be able to save between £1 and £150 per month and secure the interest on savings up to £1,000. Money saved between £1,001 and £5,000 will benefit from a 0.30 percent interest rate. READ MORE: State pensioners may be due thousands as DWP finds more underpayments Balances over £5,000 will have a 0.10 percent interest rate. All of these are flexible rates, meaning the bank can change the rate up or down - but who is eligible for the account? To apply for the Digital Regular Saver, savers must be aged 16 or over, and a UK resident. It is also required that they are a NatWest current account holder to benefit from the offer. DON'T MISSNadhim Zahawi urged to cut ‘punitive’ 25% tax on early ISA withdrawal [ANALYSIS]Pensioner, 76, had ‘£3 a week’ before securing support worth £7,000 [INSIGHT]Nadhim Zahawi urged to slash ‘stealth taxes’ as millions to be hit [INSIGHT] The account can be opened either online or through the NatWest mobile app. It can be managed in similar ways, as well as in branch or by telephone. Savers will need to provide their email address and mobile number for the account to be opened, and to receive important account documents. No minimum deposit is required for the Digital Regular Saver to be opened by Britons. READ MORE: Inheritance tax rate could be slashed to zero However, individuals will need to set up a standing order of between £1 and £150 each calendar month into the account. NatWest explained: “If you wish to put extra money into the account, the combination of this and your standing order cannot exceed the £150 per calendar month limit. “There is no maximum balance limit, however, the higher interest rate will only apply to balances up to and including £1,000.” Individuals can only hold one Digital Regular Saver, and it must be in their name, with joint accounts not permitted. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Additional money can come from a current or savings account in a person’s name held with NatWest or another bank. This can be done as long as the deposit does not exceed the £150 monthly limit. Money can be withdrawn by savers at any time by moving it to one’s NatWest current account. The account can also be closed if a person wishes, but those who choose to close their account will not earn interest for the month of closure.