Cleaning enthusiasts and fans of cleaning influencer Mrs Hinch have shared their simple hack for getting rid of yellow stains from white bedding and pillow cases. Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, has more than 4.5 million followers on social media. Her fans have taken to social media in recent years to share their own cleaning tips and tricks on groups. Facebook user Janete Smith asked one group: “Hello. My white bedding sheets and pillow cases always goes yellow-ish. “What am I doing wrong? I do change them often.” The most popular response was to use Ariel washing liquid or powder. Adrian Rosa replied: “I think Ariel is best for whites with the whitening sheets.” Kathleen Margaret Cleaver commented: “I use Ariel or Persil bio and they never go yellow and I only ever have white bedding!” READ MORE: 'Eliminate' streaks from outside windows with white vinegar wash Heather Lovelock said: “I use Ariel powder. Mine are fine. “I also put ASDA Oxi stain remover powder in but not every time. “Mine still look like new on all my white bedding and white clothes.” Betty Thorne said: “I use Ariel and change them every week, no yellow.”  DON'T MISSDEAL OF THE DAY: Lynsey TV Queen of Clean's carpet cleaner is on sale [INSIGHT]Remove limescale from bathroom taps in 5 mins with no scrubbing [UPDATE]How to prune lavender and what to do with the cuttings [ANALYSIS] Ariel washing liquid and powder is available to buy from most supermarkets and online. Ariel Washing Powder Colour and Style costs £6.49 on Amazon. Ariel Regular Washing Powder 40 Washes is £7.50 from Wilko. Ariel Original Washing Powder is £5.50 from Sainsbury’s. Ariel Original Washing Liquid is available for £8 from Ocado. Ariel Original Washing Liquid is £10 from Sainsbury’s. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Other suggestions from Mrs Hinch fans for whitening yellow pillow cases and bedding included using bleach, soda crystals, Vanish, Ace Bleach and Daz. Theresa McNally said: “I always put a half cup of bleach in per wash drawer but only for whites.” Sally Beveridge replied: “I only ever use white cotton bed linen. “Wash with pods and a good handful of soda crystals, never less than white.” Lesley Fawcett commented: “I use Daz soap powder and soda crystals in white and add a colour catcher sheet.” Stephanie Wallis wrote: “Soak in Ace bleach then use a capful in every wash.”  Sharon Kelly replied: “Sometimes some body lotions, perfumes and creams can cause discolouration that is hard to reverse.” Georgina Fox said: “Wash white bedding on 60°C for at least one hour. “Just white no other colour. I occasionally put in a supermarket own brand of oxy stain remover for white wash. “I change pillowcases more. White ones are easy to match with rest of bedding. I do this at least two times a week and more in hot weather. Dry outside too.”