Queen and Adam Lambert are currently touring Europe, with their most recent shows having taken place in Amsterdam on July 1 and 2. As usual, Brian May has been sharing highlights from the string of concerts on his Instagram. One, in particular, is a touching tribute to Freddie Mercury that takes place halfway through the set. During this part of the show, Brian sits on a stool with an acoustic guitar and sings Love Of My Life, encouraging fans to turn on their phone lights to make a beautiful scene. After the first half of the track, footage of Freddie singing the song appears on a screen behind the guitarist. It’s a particularly emotional moment, as after finishing it looks like the singer and his old pal are nodding to each other approvingly before he disappears again. In a long post on the moment at the Amsterdam concert, the almost 75-year-old shared a little secret from performing that song. Brian wrote: “Big thanks to the ZIGGODOME for being the probably the most perfect music venue in Europe ! How did I make it do this ? Well, the panorama was taken by our amazing bearded monitor mixer guy Ben - using the iPhone scanning Panorama function. This is the moment when I actually asked for everyone to light up the room with their smartphone lights. In the old, old days it would have been matches ! Or cigarette lighters. So this is a picture of close to 17,000 iPhone lights !” READ MORE: Bohemian Rhapsody: Freddie Mercury sister's ‘bizarre' reaction to Rami Brian continued: “Somebody in the comments said the lights were for me and Freddie. Not quite true. When Freddie appears, probably 50 per cent of the lights go out. Why ? because they all want to use their phones to FILM Freddie !!!… Cheers all - Bri.” The next stop for Queen and Adam Lambert on their tour will be Madrid tomorrow and Thursday. DON'T MISSQueen raked in absolute fortune from Bohemian Rhapsody biopic film [BOHEMIAN RHAPSODY]Bohemian Rhapsody: Brian May's ‘gut-wrenching’ favourite Freddie scene [FREDDIE]Bohemian Rhapsody 2 ‘will need magical inspiration’ shares Brian May [BRIAN MAY] After performing in Spain, Brian, Roger Taylor and their singing collaborator will head to Bologna, Italy for two shows on Sunday and Monday. Following those concerts, Queen and Adam Lambert will be off to Paris, Antwerp, Copenhagen, Stockholm and Oslo. The final shows of their Rhapsody tour will be on July 24 and 25 in Tampere, Finland.