British tennis star Liam Broady received a nice surprise after upsetting 12th seed Diego Schwartzman in the Wimbledon second round on Thursday. The wildcard replicated Jack Grealish’s celebration when he downed the world No 15 6-2 4-6 0-6 7-6(6) 6-1 and has now received backing from the Manchester City star. Broady was one of many Brits who enjoyed success in the second round at Wimbledon, following the likes of Katie Boulter who stunned last year’s runner-up Karolina Pliskova, and British No 1 Cam Norrie who came through a five-set battle. The world No 132 started strong against Schwartzman before finding himself two-sets-to-one down but stormed back to pull off the upset on Court 3. After dispatching the former world No 8, the Stockport native put his fingers in his ears as he replicated Grealish’s famous celebration to mark one of the biggest wins of his career. When he was asked about the unique gesture to mark his victory, the 28-year-old laughed: “It’s the Jack Grealish celebration isn’t it? I just like Jack Grealish.” And the man himself has now responded, giving his support to Broady. Taking to Twitter to repost the video of the British No 5 explaining the celebration, Grealish wrote: “What a guy! Can’t wait for tomorrow!! You got all our support bro!! Cammmmmm on sannnn”. JUST IN: Wimbledon star Coco Gauff confuses Sue Barker with Chewbacca  Broady is one of four Brits into the third round at Wimbledon despite the country’s two active Grand Slam champions - Emma Raducanu and Andy Murray - crashing out on Wednesday. Boulter was another huge British success story on Thursday as she came from a set down to upset sixth seed and last year’s finalist Karolina Pliskova 3-6 7-6(4) 6-4 on Centre Court. Heather Watson also returned on Thursday to finish her second round match and needed just one game to break and beat Wang Qiang 7-5 6-4. British No 1 Norrie booked his spot in round three on Wednesday when he survived a scare against world No 71 Jaume Munar to win 6-4 3-6 5-7 6-0 6-2. DON'T MISSDe Minaur charms Wimbledon with heartwarming shout-out to girlfriendBoutler's tearful tribute: Brit's emotional victory at WimbledonNick Kyrgios slapped with biggest Wimbledon fine along with 13 others    "Really happy with it," Broady said after he joined his compatriots in the third round with his five-set win over Schwartzman. "I mean, the first time having played two five-set matches in a row.  “To have come through, and against Diego, as well. I said it after the first round, he's one of the fittest guys on tour. To have managed to get him in five sets, that's kind of what he does.” 