Buzz Bingo shared some of the most essential summer heatwave hacks, including the "fitted sheet trick" for a trip to the beach. If holidaymakers are heading to the beach this summer, either in the UK or abroad, "you need to pack a fitted sheet, instead of a beach towel which gets covered in sand," experts at Buzz Bingo said. They explained: "Lay out and put items in each corner of your fitted sheet, creating a box-like structure that keeps all the sand out." Many TikTokers have shared this hack on the social media platform with many users, including @valrangel, saying "this is so smart". TikTok user @savmireles_ added: "Why is this so smart?!" READ MORE: Flight attendant shares tip to sit together - 'never pay' Another one, @jacquay11, commented: "Game changer." "This is genius!" said Alma Franco. @wach672836372& commented this was perfect "if you don’t like sand". "For future reference because I don’t like sand getting everywhere," said @not.izzy.meier.  The team from Buzz Bingo also shared a hack to prevent and treat sunburn. Tomatoes or yoghurt "have been found to be the perfect treatment". "Not only will they help with redness and swelling, but they will also help reduce the sting of the burn". The experts also recommended using liquid talc to stop the thighs chafing in the hot weather. READ MORE: Flight attendant shares ‘life-changing’ packing tip Many holidaymakers have this problem, especially when visiting new places abroad in hot weather countries. The experts advised: "Head to the baby section in your local supermarket and pick up some liquid talc, easy to apply and can be popped in your handbag. "The product acts as a moisture barrier to prevent that uncomfortable agitating feeling we all know too well." They also advised holidaymakers to go for cotton pyjamas and avoid sleeping naked. "Whilst you might be tempted to strip off before you sleep, don't! "Sleeping in pyjamas, especially cotton ones, has proven to assist in regulating your temperature by allowing the skin to breathe. "They also absorb any sweat throughout the night."