Ms Braverman today called on leadership candidates to commit to leaving the jurisdiction of the European court of Human rights. The issue has become key to the Tory leadership contest since an unknown judge in Strasbourg blocked deportations of illegal migrants to Rwanda without a formal hearing last month. Ms Braverman insisted that ending ECHR would complete the Brexit revolution of "taking back control." She said: " When people voted for Brexit they expected we would take back control of our borders. "It is unacceptable that a foreign court had stopped the Rwandan deportation flight. “The British people should be able to vote for their priorities and expect that their government can carry them out. This is the definition of taking back control. "As Attorney General I've seen first hand the problems the ECHR has caused us.  "Obstructing lawful, politically legitimate deportations by going to the ECHR destroys trust in politics. And does nothing for public safety, or the wellbeing of the victims of people smugglers. “Keeping us in the ECHR simply fuels the misery of people trafficking in the channel. With all the horrible tragedies that inevitably result from that. We should be better than this. "We have a long, proud history of respecting human rights in this country. But the ECHR has become a political court which is thwarting our democracy. "If any of the candidates are serious about tackling illegal immigration and fully taking back control of our borders then they must also commit to leaving. " READ MORE: Steve Baker calls for new PM to cut taxes immediately  Ms Braverman's announcement is a clear attempt to corner the market in the contest for the rightwing of the Conservative Party. Currently, she is vying to be the face of the right with rising star Kemi Badenoch who also launched her bid before the weekend. But with Steve Baker on side Ms Braverman seems likely to get support from the powerful European Research Group of Tory Brexiteers. She also has the backing of Sir John Hayes who can bring with him many of the influential Common Sense group on the right. the Common Sense Group  have been demanding a complete overhaul of human rights and an end to the ECHR's jurisdiction. But the contest is now more open with Esther McVey, founder of the Blue Collar Conservative Movement, forming a ticket with Jeremy Hunt. Meanwhile, Chancellor Nadhim Zahawi and trade minister Penny Mordaunt are making Brexiteer pitches. DON'T MISS Have Your Say: Which Tory leadership hopeful do you trust with Brexit? [REACT] Ben Wallace will be 1638217 the KINGMAKER in the Tory leadership election [INSIGHT] Britons' priorities laid bare in new bombshell poll as Tories battle [REVEAL]