Javier Fortuna insists that, win or lose, his upcoming lightweight bout with Ryan Garcia cannot go the distance. The Dominican believes he has too often left the decision to the judges, and he does not want to do the same on Saturday night at Crypto.com Arena in Los Angeles. Fortuna’s fears regarding judges and their scorecards stems from a number of disappointing experiences in 12-round fights across his 13-year career. The southpaw hints to a split-decision loss to Robert Easter Jr. and a unanimous-decision defeat to Joseph Diaz Jr as key moments. In January 2018, Fortuna clashed with then-IBF lightweight champion Easter - and judge John McKaie scored Fortuna as the 114-113 winner despite the fact he had a point deducted for holding and hitting his opponent in the second round. However, judges Kevin Morgan and Glenn Feldman both scored the fight in favour of Easter, 115-112 and 114-113 respectively. Fortuna believes he was ‘robbed’ against Easter while the Diaz bout was also much closer than the judges scored it. All three judges scored in favour of Diaz in their WBC interim lightweight title last July 9 at Banc of California Stadium in Los Angeles. “I have to knock him out,” Fortuna told BoxingScene.com following their press conference Thursday at the Millennium Biltmore Hotel. “I can’t let it go to the scorecards. READ MORE: Jake Paul tried to fight MMA stars as Tommy Fury replacement “Even if I drop him several times, I won’t win the fight on the scorecards anyway.” Speaking at the earlier press conference, Fortuna added: “Obviously, there’s been a couple of times in my career where that’s happened. I left it up to the judges and it wasn’t a good thing. Now, you know, it’s either he kills me or I kill him.” With a career record of 37-3-1 with 26 knockouts, Fortuna was supposed to meet Garcia the night he lost to Diaz but the 23-year-old withdrew citing mental health issues. The judges had not been revealed on Thursday night ahead of Saturday’s clash, but Sampson Lewkowicz - whose company promotes Fortuna - is optimistic about his fighter’s chances on the scorecards. “In California sometimes, who knows? But I have faith in the judges,” Lewkowicz told BoxingScene.com. “I know many of them and I can tell you if it goes the distance, he needs to be at his best and beat Garcia at least eight rounds to get the decision.” For the first time in his six-year career, Garcia went 12 rounds as the American knocked Ghana’s Emmanuel Tagoe to the canvas in the second round, but Tagoe got up and took the fight the distance. DON'T MISSPaul blasted for 'trying to cheat' after inserting clause to contractJake Paul gives brutal answer to KSI v Alex Wassabi question Conor Benn vs Chris Eubank Jr IS 'on' as date and venue emerge desp... Garcia went on to beat Tagoe by wide distances on the scorecards of judges Tom Carusone (119-108), Lisa Giampa (118-109) and Ellis Johnson (119-108). Garcia won his previous five fights by knockout or technical knockout and he has predicted he won’t go the distance in a second straight bout when he faces Fortuna. The last southpaw Garcia faced, Luke Campbell, dropped him in the second round. However, the hard-hitting Garcia got up and regained control of their 12-round fight before he stopped the Englishman with a body shot in the seventh round of a January 2021 bout at American Airlines Center in Dallas - and Garcia vowed to do something ‘amazing’ on Saturday. “You know what? I’m just determined to do something amazing, entertain the fans, give ‘em a good show,” Garcia said. “You know, so I’ll be looking to do something amazing in the ring. “He wants to knock me out as well, so we’re coming in, we’re gonna throw our punches and we’re gonna give the fans a great fight.”