ITV presenters Kaye Adams, Carol McGiffin, Katie Piper and Sunetra Sarker were debating whether it was healthy for people to manifest the career they desired on the latest instalment of Loose Women. However, the discussion soon turned into an argument, with Carol lambasting the concept.  The panel was discussing the practice, which has been endorsed by Jade Goody's son Bobby Brazier after he landed a new role in EastEnders. Carol began: "Aren't you setting yourself up for horrible disappointment if it doesn't happen? "I mean, why would you do that?" "You are creating a problem that doesn't exist," she exclaimed. Katie, who disagreed with the veteran Loose Women star, chimed in: "Rejection isn't final, rejection is redirection, so you might be manifesting a career in performing. READ MORE: Better Call Saul fans ‘work out’ reason Gene is missing from season 6  "You might not get that role, but you continue to manifest and you..." Carol, who looked baffled by Katie's remarks, interrupted her to drill her point home. She fumed: "But if you want that Katie - and some kids grow up knowing they want to be on the stage - they want to be an actor, they want to be a dancer, they just know that and so they do it." Kaye suggested children might also manifest becoming a doctor or jobs away from showbiz as she attempted to calm the conversation down.   But Carol continued to speak over her colleagues, adding: "It doesn't make any difference if you sit there going, 'I'm manifesting this', or not. "You either do it or you don't, and really, what difference does it make?" The 62-year-old broadcaster asked: "Who started all of this?" Sunetra tried to mitigate the situation by offering a balanced view on the subject to ITV viewers.  DON'T MISS...Meghan and Harry's appearance 'paint a thousand words' claims host [UPDATE]Frankie Bridge puts on eye-popping display in plunging dress [PICTURES]Lesley Joseph flashes knickers live on Loose Women [VIDEO]  Many Loose Women viewers took to social media to comment on the heated debate as it was unfolding live on-air. Kevin Rowen remarked: "#LooseWomen manifest dream life? What a load of twaddle! So much c**p!" @allen_rob added: "Carol can't believe she's sitting there listening to this tripe #loosewomen."   Elizabeth Scott quipped: "@loosewomen I've been trying to manifest winning the lottery. Hasn't worked." Claire Christian penned: "I do find wealthy people talking about manifesting rather trying #LooseWomen." Ryan said: "I’m manifesting Carol to get the boot from this show #loosewomen." Loose Women airs on weekdays from 12.30pm on ITV. 