Many older people have a limited income and may be struggling to make ends meet. However, reaching state pension age also opens up entitlement to a range of support. Difficulties may be exacerbated for those older people who are on a low income, many of whom could be entitled to Pension Credit. The payment is designed to assist those who have limited resources, and who are above state pension age. Pension Credit tops up weekly income to £182.60 for singletons, and £278.70 as a joint weekly income for those who have a parter. Some may even get extra amounts if they have other responsibilities and costs. READ MORE: Santander warning over ‘realistic’ text and email scams However, it is not just the financial element of Pension Credit that is useful, as the benefit can also unlock freebies and other support for older people. Pension Credit is, for this reason, frequently described as a gateway benefit. Those claiming it could be entitled to 15 forms of help, potentially worth thousands of pounds. Two key forms of support are reduction in bills, for both council tax and a cap for water bills. DON'T MISSUniversal Credit claimants to get £324 this year - but when? [UPDATE]Free bus pass: Pensioners could wait longer after rule change [INSIGHT]DWP rule could stop you getting extra £92.40 a week for months [EXPLAINED] Another form of assistance for bills comes in the form of the Warm Home Discount which could knock £140 off the cost of electricity in winter months. Similarly, low income pensioners could be entitled to £25 in Cold Weather Payments, and this year potentially up to £600 to help with heating bills through a Winter Fuel Payment. Certain pensioners could also get help with housing costs, and there may also be grants available in this regard. Homeowners can apply for up to £10,000 to pay for a boiler should they need this support. READ MORE: TV licence: Simple steps to get your refund worth up to £159 They may also be able to get help to pay for their double glazing. Those who are over 75 and on Pension Credit will be entitled to a free TV licence, often seen as a vital entitlement for older people. If someone dies, Pension Credit entitles a person to help with funeral costs, and they may even get a bereavement support payment. Pension Credit claimants could also be entitled to reduced court fees. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea When it comes to health entitlements, these individuals can also get free wigs or fabric support provided by the NHS, if needed. Finally, Pension Credit claimants have been described by the Government as potentially “vulnerable” during the challenging cost of living crisis. This means most are entitled to the £650 one-off cost of living payment, made in two instalments. Britons can apply for Pension Credit using the online service if they have already applied for their state pension. Alternatively, they may choose to apply by phone or by post.