Barcelona have proposed paying some of the money owed to Frenkie de Jong but not the full figure, according to reports. Manchester United are refusing to give up on the Netherlands international. Yet while they’ve agreed a fee for the 25-year-old, the saga remains ongoing. Barcelona and Manchester United have agreed an initial £63million deal for De Jong, with the Red Devils also prepared to pay £8m in add-ons. Yet, still, the 25-year-old carries on at his current club. De Jong is owed a huge £14m in bonuses, according to The Independent, having agreed to take a pay cut to help Barcelona at the start of the coronavirus pandemic two years ago. Barcelona have now, per the publication, tried to resolve this matter by proposing to pay some of the amount. Yet it’s claimed the financial package they’re pitching is actually still worth £8.5m less than what De Jong is owed. Until that situation is resolved, it’s stated Barcelona are unlikely to have the finances required to land Jules Kounde from Sevilla. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative The France international is a top target for Xavi over at the Nou Camp, despite Chelsea also being in the picture for his signing. Barcelona have asked Kounde for more time in order to ensure they can secure his signing, with Sevilla demanding big money to let the player go. And it’s claimed the Catalan giants’ financial offer would be ‘less as an overall package’. Barcelona are continuing their attempts to sell De Jong, who has won just one trophy since moving from Ajax back in the summer transfer window of 2019. Yet with the player reluctant to leave while he’s out of pocket, this saga still has legs to run. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong United have had a good transfer window so far, bringing in three players. Tyrell Malacia joined from Feyenoord, having previously looked likely to join Lyon. And United have signed Christian Eriksen on a free transfer, while Lisandro Martinez has touched down from Ajax after previously playing under Erik ten Hag in Amsterdam. De Jong, however, would be the icing on the cake when it comes to Ten Hag. He’s urged United to continue the chase, asking to be kept informed of developments while the club were touring Thailand and Australia. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. Yet a deal remains complex and, as time goes on, it’s possible they’ll turn their attention to alternatives. Sergej Milinkovic-Savic has been linked with United again, with Jose Mourinho previously targeting the Lazio star during his spell in the Old Trafford dugout. And Youri Tielemans and Ruben Neves, of Leicester and Wolves respectively, are other back-up options. Meanwhile, if United fail to sign De Jong, former Crystal Palace star Darren Ambrose thinks James Garner is more than capable of stepping up. “I’m 50/50 whether De Jong will end up being a Man United player,” he told talkSPORT. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “But Garner, I think he can make the step up. “You look at when a manager comes into a football club, one of the first things they want to do is prove they can improve the players. “He [Ten Hag] did that at Ajax. And I think he’ll be looking at a player like Garner and thinking, ‘I can prove that I can build a player into a Man United squad'. "It’s happened before with young players at Man United. I think Garner is a fantastic player. “I’m not comparing him to De Jong, but there’s potential that he could grow into that position and play a similar role.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here