  Christine Lampard, 43, has opened up about her struggles with “anxiety” since having kids. The broadcaster shares two children with her football manager husband Frank Lampard, 44.      Christine is a mother-of-two, having welcomed three-year-old daughter Patricia and one-year-old son Freddie with husband Frank. She also acts as stepmother to Frank's two girls: Isla, 14, and Luna, 16. While Christine loves being a mum, the Loose Women star has admitted parenthood isn’t always easy. Speaking on the Pride of Britain - Life Changing Stories podcast, she opened up about “what kind of mother” she believes herself to be. READ MORE: Stacey Solomon and Joe Swash have married in 'joyous' ceremony    “I wouldn’t say I’m chilled,” Christine confessed. “I try to be. I’d say I’m chilled most of the time, but I think [motherhood has] created a form of health anxiety in me, weirdly. “And I say that because suddenly - not that I ever wanted to be ill- but suddenly I really think, ‘I can’t be, because I have got to be here for you.’ “So even just before we went away on holiday - and here I am with a bit of tan and I plaster sun cream all over me - but I went and got my moles checked. “I go for my smears when I’m supposed to go,” she continued. “I do all the things I’m supposed to do, because I just think, ‘I have to do my best to be here for you’.     “That’s a big part of it, and then I just have a constant worry just about them,” Christine said in reference to her children. “If I could just zip them up in some kind of massive space suit it would be wonderful, but obviously you can’t.” The ITV presenter went on to describe how her little boy was currently preoccupied with “climbing walls” and “destroying rooms”. She explained how, while she’s aware it would be “boring” to be “health and safety conscious” all the time, she still feels the overwhelming need to “protect” her children. READ MORE... Meghan and Harry's appearance 'paint a thousand words' claims host [NEWS] David Warner dead: Titanic and Omen star dies aged 80 [LATEST] Paul O'Grady inundated with support after falling ill [BREAKING]       “I just worry constantly: don’t fall and bang your head, don’t do this, don’t do that…” she admitted. Earlier in the podcast, Christine also confessed that she often had to hold back tears whenever she saw the struggles of young children or elderly people play out on the television. However, since becoming a mother herself, she explained how it really wouldn’t take much to set her off. Reflecting on her new-found perspective as a parent on those situations, she said: “it’s hard to contain the emotion of it all, really.”       Christine met her husband Frank at the Pride of Britain Awards and they began their relationship in October 2009. The couple married on December 20, 2015 and welcomed their first child together in 2018. Christine has presented various high-profile TV shows over the years, including The One Show, Dancing on Ice, This Morning and most recently Loose Women. Former footballer Frank is the manager of Premier League club Everton and is widely regarded as one of Chelsea’s greatest ever players.  