Lisandro Martinez has followed in the footsteps of his team-mate Antony by asking Ajax to reduce their asking price so he can secure a transfer switch to the Premier League, according to reports in Holland. The Argentine international is now fearful of being priced out of a move to England after the Amsterdam giants rejected bids from both Manchester United and Arsenal. Heading into the summer, Martinez was attracting interest from Barcelona and was valued at close to £25m. But his value has seemingly skyrocketed in recent weeks, sparking a potential bidding war between the two Premier League clubs. Ajax feel under no pressure to sell though and feel they have the power to resist any offers that do not match their valuation - believed to be worth £45m. However, De Telegraaf in Holland now claim Martinez himself is growing frustrated with the lack of movement and he has therefore asked Ajax to reduce their asking price. READ MORE: Barcelona 'want Man City signing' before selling Man Utd Frenkie de Jong as new price set To date, Ajax have rejected two offers from Arsenal with the latest worth an estimated £35m. United have also seen their opening proposal worth £40m turned away as they ponder a second offer. Martinez is said to favour joining United, where he would reunite with former Ajax boss Erik ten Hag. The pair are already understood to have spoken about the possibility of linking up once again at Old Trafford. READ MORE TRANSFER NEWSMan Utd boss Erik ten Hag orders 'fast' third signing as board finalise two transfer dealsMan Utd make Paulo Dybala transfer intervention after Cristiano Ronaldo hammer blowChelsea to submit mega £43m Matheus Nunes transfer offer in 'next few hours' At the age of 24, Martinez feels ready to make the next step in his career and he wants to test himself in the Premier League. But much like Antony, he feels he could be denied the chance to fulfil his dream due to Ajax's steep asking price. Antony has reportedly been the subject of a £51m offer from United, although the Dutch media claim talk of a bid is 'fake news.' Nonetheless, Ajax are keen to demand upwards of £60m for the Brazilian, who is itching for a Premier League move to Old Trafford. United have already been in direct contact with his representatives but discussions are yet to reach a positive conclusion. Ajax do not want to entertain a fire sale this summer having already lost Sebastien Haller to Borussia Dortmund plus Ryan Gravenberch and Noussair Mazraoui to Bayern Munich. The Dutch champions are also reluctant to lose a crux of their key players to United and former boss Ten Hag, who is looking to raid his old employers of their most-prized assets. Earlier in the window, Jurrien Timber was also of interest in addition to Antony but now centre-back partner Martinez is of greater priority...