The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have been widely rumoured to be relocating with their three children to Windsor this summer. While Kensington Palace has not yet confirmed the reports surrounding the move, one royal commentator has described just what a major milestone this could be for the family-of-five. Royal author Katie Nicholl told OK! magazine: "I understand what is meant when the move is referred to as the ‘end of an era’, in that I suspect their long-term royal residence will now be Windsor as opposed to Kensington. "But I believe Kate and Will will view these changes as the start of a brand new adventure and a very exciting time for the family." The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge will move into Adelaide Cottage with Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis, according to reports. The residence is a Grade-II listed home sitting on the 655-acre royal estate in Windsor, Berkshire. It underwent major renovation works in 2015, which means it won't need any taxpayer-funded interventions should Kate and William confirm their move into the residence. The house in Windsor Home Park is only a short walk away from the Queen's Berkshire residence and is much closer to Carole and Michael Middleton's home in Bucklebury than Kensington Palace. The residence was built in 1831 for Queen Adelaide, wife of King William IV, and has counted among its former tenants Group Captain Peter Townsend, who famously had a relationship with Princess Margaret. After moving into Adelaide Cottage, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge would reportedly continue to use Anmer Hall as their countryside retreat. READ MORE: Meghan 'on path to unparalleled stardom' and 'new form of celebrity' Providing a better work-life balance, they would keep Kensington Palace as their office, it has been reported. Life in Windsor would also provide the Cambridges with more privacy and the possibility to spend more time immersed in nature and the countryside. Ms Nicholl said: "We know Kate and William adore the countryside, and Windsor gives the children all the freedom and space that they need. "It’s significantly more private and less overlooked – which is why all royals love the country – but is also a reasonable distance from London to commute when necessary. "They'll be closer to both the Queen and the Middletons, which is great news for everyone." The relocation to Windsor would come with other major changes for the family-of-five, according to widespread reports. Prince George, eight, and Princess Charlotte, seven, have been tipped to begin in September a new school in Berkshire after having attended for years Thomas's Battersea preparatory school in London. Prince Louis, four, is gearing up for Reception after attending Willcocks Nursery School near Kensington Palace. As the school year has come to a close, the Cambridges will surely enjoy the next few weeks spending time together and relaxing ahead of the rumoured move and the changes it would bring to their private lives. Over the past two summers, Kate and William spent their summer holidays in Britain. The family travelled to the Isles of Scilly in Cornwall to take a proper break from royal duties, but also spent some time in their adored home in Norfolk, Anmer Hall. Among the activities they carried out together last summer, one source claimed Kate and William taught their children how to sail. They told Vanity Fair: "They are very much a family of sailors now. "Kate has always been a competent sailor and William’s pretty good too. "They have enjoyed some wonderful time on the coast this summer sailing and showing the children how to steer and sail a boat." Prior to the coronavirus pandemic, Kate and William had chosen to spend some of their summer holidays with the children abroad, on the private island of Mustique.