Lorraine Kelly, 62, spoke about her experience with “loneliness” at home and how her pets have brought her comfort during tougher times. Chatting to Express.co.uk, Lorraine explained: “This is all about loneliness and how you can make yourself less lonely and what an important part pets play in that.” Lorraine has had her beloved border terrier Angus for eight years and also spends a lot of time with her daughter Rosie’s sausage dog, Ruby.The ITV host continued: “I posted a wee picture of me and my daughter’s wee dog Ruby because when I went home yesterday, all I wanted was a hug from a wee dog.  “Angus isn’t very huggy, but Ruby will snuggle in and just make me feel a bit better.  “It’s that thing of, the healing power of pets, particularly wee dogs.” READ MORE:Meghan and Harry's appearance 'paint a thousand words' claims host Lorraine explained that Angus had a big effect on her life especially when she moved from Scotland and didn’t know many people.She said: “When we moved house and we were out walking, everybody wants to talk to you and say hello, and that’s lovely!  “It might not be that you end up being really, really good mates, but you meet people and chat to people and you’re not feeling isolated anymore.  “It is just good to have that social connection, especially after lockdown, I think everybody needs that.” The Scottish presenter added that she did a “wee experiment” where she took Angus out for a walk and was surprised by how many people came to say hello.She said: “It’s not because I'm on the telly, it wasn’t that at all. They see Angus first and chat about their dogs and life in general.“You find yourself striking up conversations that you probably wouldn’t do if you had just been out for a walk on your own, it makes all the difference.  “Loneliness is a big thing, especially during the pandemic. It was a huge problem with people feeling terribly isolated and you forget how important that is to us, we are sociable animals and we need to have that connection. DON'T MISSCarol Kirkwood broke down in tears on BBC amid split from husband[INSIGHT]Monty Don addresses Gardeners' World shake-up after change[LATEST]VILE! Jeremy Clarkson savaged for taking 'xenophobic' swipe at Brexit[NEWS] “Apart from anything else, it is really good for your mental health. Just having a wee dog sitting beside you on the sofa, it’s soothing.”It comes as Lorraine has partnered with MORE THAN insurance and Dogs For Good to promote the positive impact pets have.On why she wanted to get involved, the TV legend said: “I don’t know how I would manage without wee dogs. Angus is eight and we have had dogs for 20 years.  “It’s that enthusiastic welcome when you get home, I mean, I could be away from Angus for like two minutes or two days and you get the same welcome. It makes you feel very special. “It is another heartbeat in the house and you don’t feel quite so lonely. "I love it when I've got a little dog at my feet. It is very calming and it makes you feel less stressed and it’s really good for anxiety.”Lorraine Kelly has partnered with MORE THAN insurance and UK charity Dogs for Good to highlight how dogs can combat loneliness and support with our mental wellbeing. Find out more at https://www.morethan.com/pet-insurance/dogs-for-good/