Queen Letizia of Spain looked elegant in the stylish black and white print midi dress by Massimo Dutti, an affordable Spanish fashion brand owned by Amancio Ortega, the billionaire businessman who also owns Zara. The 49-year-old, who on Monday wowed in a stunning £230 red dress at an awards show, is often seen wearing Massimo Dutti pieces and her daughters, Princess Leonor and Sofia, have chosen some Zara designs in the past. Stepping out to hand out postgraduate scholarships to 120 students at the La Caixa Foundation awards today, the monarch opted to don the stylish black and white spotted print dress - which she also wore in July 2020 for a visit to the Principality of Asturias, where she was born. The dress features short sleeves, a teardrop neckline and a dipped hemline and is covered in a confetti-like animal spot print. She also combined her summer gown with a pair of black wedges from designer Macarena Shoes, which are the Alba10 model in black and cream. Royal fans, who often praise Queen Letizia for her style, didn't favour her choice of shoes this time. READ MORE: Meghan Markle's 'signature gesture' is 'misinterpreted' claims expert  Instagram user @sonyakayani said: "Lovely dress but not with those shoes." Another one, @philemon0512, commented: "Ditch those wedges!" Royal watcher @koni_v said: "Noooo, not wedges with this dress." Another one, @darnius, added: "I kind of like the dress, but no to the wedges, in my opinion."  Others loved her casual but chic summer style with royal fan @catherine.duncan48 saying: "I love this dress!" @luxmeagainpreloved commented: "Love this on Letizia! She’s Queen of espadrilles!" Instagram user @kirsty1991dodgs commented: "Gosh these shoes are popular aren't they?" and @eva_vidal__ replied: "For Spanish summers those are a must, fresh and comfortable, everyone has ones at least, from multiple brands you can find a lot of different designs." Letizia is a fan of wedges, also known as espadrilles, a very versatile summer shoe to combine with casual day or night dresses, and always opts for this kind of shoe during the summer months. Other royals who also favour espadrilles are Kate Middleton and Sophie, Countess of Wessex. READ MORE: Dieters should be drinking tea in hot weather to slim However, the design is not always appropriate for elegant dresses or more formal events. For today's occasion, the Spanish Queen wore a pair of gold earrings by designer CXC JEWELRY. The royal opted for a natural make-up look with a smokey eye. Queen Letizia's husband, King Felipe, also attended the event and stood next to her while presenting the awards.