A road traffic collision on the southbound stretch of the motorway caused five miles of congestion. Normal traffic conditions are expected between 9.45am and 10am on the M6 near Stafford. National Highways: West Midlands said on Twitter: “Lanes three and four ( of 4) are currently closed on the M6 southbound between J14 - J13 near Stafford due to a multi-vehicle collision. “Central Motorway Police Group and Traffic Officers are at the scene. “There are currently two miles of congestion on approach so please allow extra time for your journey.  National Highways added at 8.03am: “Lanes three and four ( of four) remain closed for recovery of the vehicles involved in the earlier collision. “Traffic Officers and recovery agents are at the scene. “There are currently five miles of congestion on approach, so please allow extra time for your journey.”  In a traffic update on their website, National Highways said the event is expected to clear by between 9am and 9.15am. They added normal conditions are expected between 9.45am and 10am. Congestion is currently reaching slightly behind Junction 14 on the southbound motorway. At 8.16am, they added on Twitter: “All lanes are now open on the #M6 southbound between J14-J13 near Stafford following the earlier collision. “There are currently six miles of residual delays on approach which are beginning to ease.” It comes a day after the same motorway was stopped in both directions over a lorry fire. National Highways: West Midlands reported at 7.23am the M6 southbound between junction 7 and junction 6 was closed. Fire service crews were called at 7.10am and had put out the blaze by 7.55am. Three lanes remained closed for repairs and National Highways warned of severe delays. It comes a day after the same motorway was stopped in both directions over a lorry fire.  National Highways: West Midlands reported at 7.23am the M6 southbound between junction 7 and junction 6 was closed.  Fire service crews were called at 7.10am and had put out the blaze by 7.55am.  Three lanes remained closed for repairs and National Highways warned of severe delays.