You aren’t in the mood to tolerate a housemate or relative’s attention seeking behaviour. Someone will over-react even when the smallest of things go wrong. Their dramatic response will turn a minor issue into a big problem unless someone walks away. You will prefer to leave the scene than watch someone make an idiot of themselves. Someone you work with on a voluntary or professional basis appears to have got out of the wrong side of the bed. They’re being a pain and although you’re doing your best to be patient with them, even your patience has its limit. If you can’t encourage harmony, you will ask them to leave. New opportunities are on the horizon and you want to make the most of what’s on offer. Should an older relative or cautious friend try to curb your need to try something new and different, you won’t listen to their objections. You’re keen to explore new and unfamiliar territory.  A totally unexpected piece of news will either brighten your day or ruin your plans. Either way, there’s a need to be flexible. Play closer attention to family relationships and the emotional side of life. It’s crucial that someone you care for does not feel used or taken for granted. An award, certificate or acknowledgement of a job well done will lift your spirits. Spread some of the sunshine by visiting a neighbour who is confined to their home or volunteering your services at a local charity. If a partner or other members of the household are being careless with their cash, encourage them to set a weekly budget and stick to it. Start looking for ways to improve your own financial situation if money is tight. Cut down on expenses, avoid impulsive buys and remind your family to switch off appliances when they aren’t in use.  A delay or deferral will leave you with time to kill. Your mind is still on matters you had been expecting to deal with. Even so, there are other ways to while away the hours including researching some business plans that are yet to see the light of day. A relative’s suggestions for the future aren’t typically what you would consider for yourself and yet they will appeal in an odd sort of way. There will be something exciting about being able to experiment with new ideas and stamp your individuality on a job you take on in the home or workplace. Some things are too personal even to discuss with your boss. You realise your work is suffering because there are personal matters on your mind. You also know you’re going to have to make an extra effort to improve your work performance or your job will be in jeopardy.  You sense a relationship is slowly changing as you and someone who was once very close to you are growing apart. At least you aren’t burying your head in the sand and you might use this acceptance to consider your future options. A relative will loudly object to some plans you are making. A new friendship or romantic relationship may not gel the way you had hoped it would. Are you expecting too much too quickly? It will take time to get used to each other’s different ways, preferences and opinions, but out of current confrontations, a closeness will grow. If a friend borrowed an item that was special to you and seems to have forgotten about it, it is time to remind them it was just a loan. Be prepared to stand your ground with regard to money matters and material possessions, even if this causes an argument. 