Cristiano Ronaldo's desire to leave Manchester United proves he doesn't care about the club, according to former Aston Villa captain Gabriel Agbonlahor. Ronaldo is yet to return to United's pre-season training due to 'family reasons' and has told the club he wants a move away this summer. The Portugal superstar only rejoined the Red Devils last year from Juventus. He was the club's leading scorer in all competitions but could not help end their trophy drought or finish in the Premier League top four. Chelsea and Bayern Munich are two of the clubs linked with Ronaldo since the revelation over his future. Agbonlahor says he is not surprised to hear the 37-year-old wants to leave. The pundit, who played against Ronaldo numerous times during his first spell in the Premier League, says it is clear the forward only cares about himself. Agbonlahor says United need Ronaldo right now but he has shown he does not care about the club. He told talkSPORT: "I'm not surprised one bit. [United were] so poor last season. READ MORE: Chelsea's terrifying XI with Neymar, Cristiano Ronaldo and four more new signings  "Ronaldo doesn't want to play in the Europa League. The last few years of his career he wants to play in the Champions League. "But for me the biggest disappointment if I was a Manchester United fan would be Ronaldo doesn't care about Manchester United, for me. He cares about Ronaldo. "He wants to play Champions League, he wants to score more Champions League goals, he wants to win more titles. Manchester United are a million miles away from any of that. "So he just cares about Ronaldo, he doesn't care about Manchester United. Because they need him now, they need Ronaldo. DON'T MISSArsenal could sell eight first-team players and loan three more before window shutsChelsea target Matthijs de Ligt 'makes transfer U-turn' after Bayern Munich talksBarcelona could blow up Chelsea plans and force complete Thomas Tuchel rethink  "Manchester United need him and he wants to jump ship. He doesn't want to be there so it's very disappointing from him if I was a Manchester United fan and it just shows it's the Ronaldo show, not the Man United show." United fly to Thailand later this week for their pre-season tour. It remains doubtful that Ronaldo will be part of the travelling squad. Meanwhile, Erik ten Hag completed his first signing as United boss on Tuesday. The club announced the arrival of Holland left-back Tyrell Malacia for a fee of £13million. United are still keen on signing Malacia's international team-mate Frenkie de Jong from Barcelona. Ajax star Lisandro Martinez is their top defensive target, though Arsenal are also keen.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here