In the UK, there are an average of 46 new melanoma skin cancer cases diagnosed every day, according to Cancer Research. Despite how common this potentially deadly condition is, many people do not know exactly what to look for. This is because skin cancer can result in a variety of changes, of which many do not look the same. People are advised to check up on their skin for any noticeable changes around once a month, as well as take into account any hidden areas. According to skin specialist Dr Kumkum Misra M.D from Monteceuticals, this includes hidden areas such as between your toes and fingers, on the palms of your hands and on the scalp. She said: "Hidden Melanomas can develop in areas of your that aren’t exposed to the sun, so it’s essential to monitor all parts of your skin for any changes or concerning symptoms, even areas you may never usually consider." Early diagnosis is essential in aiding treatment for skin cancer, so Dr Misra advises visiting a medical professional if you notice any changes. READ MORE: Cliff Richard: Star's 3 tips for healthy ageing According to Cancer.org, the "ABCDE rule" can help to identify some common signs of melanoma, one of the deadliest forms of skin cancer. Asymmetry If one part of a mole or birthmark begins to change or does not match the other areas. Border The edges of a mole or skin mark become irregular, ragged, noticed or blurred. DON'T MISSLong Covid: Blind spots in the eyes could be a sign [EXPLAINER]High cholesterol: The sign on your hands that rings 'alarm bells’ [COMMENT]Covid: The warning sign of the newest Omicron strain [REPORT] Colour Cancerous skin changes can vary in colour, but according to Cancer.org, a key indicator can be that the colour is not the same all over. Common colours include brown or black, occasionally with patches of pink, red white or even blue. Diameter Melanomas can vary in size, but any new growth or spot which exceeds a quarter-inch across should be looked at. Evolving If you notice any changes to the colour, size or shape of a mole or spot, you should seek medical attention. Basal cell carcinomas and squamous cell carcinomas are more common than melanomas but are also often more treatable. These usually grow on parts of the body that get the most sun, such as the face, head, and neck. However, they can show up anywhere. Key changes to look for include: