Chelsea and Arsenal have been hit by a mammoth blow in their attempts to sign Raphinha this summer after Barcelona met Leeds United's asking price. The Brazilian has been holding out for a move to the Nou Camp over staying in the Premier League. Barcelona appear to have beaten Chelsea and Arsenal to the signing of Raphinha this summer and a last-ditch bid that has reportedly met Leeds' valuation. The Brazil international had been strongly linked with an exit from Elland Road after they narrowly avoided relegation. The Whites have already appeared to have got his replacement in through the door in the shape of exciting talent Luis Sinisterra. The Colombia international's arrival from Feyenoord had urged Leeds to push through the sale of Raphinha with the club telling his prospective buyers to make their bids over the next 24 hours. Chelsea and Arsenal have already had their offers lodged in - with the Blues ready to fork out the total £65million necessary. But Barcelona, the club of Raphinha's dreams, have been waiting in the wings. Despite their financial situation, CBS Sports report that the Blaugrana have now met Leeds' asking price at the last moment, through a series of instalments. The Yorkshire club are now expected to rush through a deal as quickly as possible to garner the cash. As for Raphinha, personal terms have already been agreed while Xavi has been keen to bring in more firepower from his wide areas. The tricky Brazilian is likely to become the latest new face at the Nou Camp, joining the likes of Andreas Christensen and Franck Kessie. But it is heartbreak for Chelsea and Arsenal, who had been battling with one another before Barcelona crept in with Raphinha's agent Deco playing a major role after long meetings with Barca chief Joan Laporta. Both London clubs are desperate to bolster their strike forces this summer. The Blues are on the verge of completing a deal for Manchester City star Raheem Sterling, though, for a sum of £45m while Arsenal have already snapped up Gabriel Jesus from the Etihad. However, neither Thomas Tuchel and Mikel Arteta are satisfied and further transfers have been plotted. As for Barcelona, they are still looking to splash the cash despite their widely reported financial issues. Deals for Chelsea pair Cesar Azpilicueta and Marcos Alonso are in place while they are also eyeing an audacious move for Robert Lewandowski.