Chris Tarrant’s son Toby has admitted he suffered with “imposter’s syndrome” at the start of his career, fearing he would be accused of nepotism. He added that his style is very different from his dad’s - but joked that might not be a good thing in an interview with Express.co.uk. X-FM star Toby, 30, dressed up as his Who Wants to be a Millionaire? host dad, 75, as part of VoucherCodes’ new campaign and competition to help millennials with the cost of living. The cost-of-living crisis is forcing over half of Gen Z and Millennials (55%) to cut back on their spending, with three quarters (75%) saying they’ve had to change their spending habits in the last year, according to research from VoucherCodes. And contrary to the opinions of Boomers, Gen Z and Millennials are cutting back on their little luxuries such as eating out and streaming subscriptions, with only a small pool (9%) of them reporting these to be their most expensive outgoings each month - despite well over three quarters (83%) describing them as their most mood-boosting activities. In fact, research shows that the generations’ highest expenditures are essentials such as bills (36%), food (27%) and rent (22%). In response to the study, VoucherCodes has launched ‘Who Wants to be a Millennial-aire?’, a competition giving one lucky winner the chance to win one of their biggest expenses back with an entire rent-free summer. To help promote the campaign, X-FM DJ Toby dressed up as his famous dad and held up the enormous cheque the original programme was famous for. While Toby’s voice is spookily similar to the former Who Wants to be a Millionaire host, he doesn’t try to emulate Chris - nor did he get any presenting advice. “I wish I had my dad’s presenting style because he's much more successful than me, if I did have his presenting style I would be a bit further up the ladder!” he laughed. “Honestly I kind of fell into it, it was never a childhood dream, the opportunities presented themselves and I took them. “I probably was guilty of a bit of imposter syndrome in the first few years and thought, ‘I’ve got no right to be here.’ “And then the longer you do it, the more you get positive reactions from people with the stuff you're doing and then you start to believe in yourself and back yourself a little bit more,” he added. “I think like every job and everything in the world, the more you do it, the more confident you get doing it. DON'T MISS...Rafael Nadal's sweary rant after question about his wife Xisca Perello [INSIGHT]Hannah Waddingham, 47, almost spills out of very low-cut white dress [PICTURES] Kim Kardashian addresses claims 'the Queen rejected her at Jubilee' [LATEST] “But no, I never tried to be dad or mum, or my sister who is a brilliant broadcaster as well, I just tried to be me and hopefully it works! “My dad never gave me any advice anyway, because he used to say to me, ‘Well, look, you and I are very similar, but we're also two completely different human beings, so crack on and have fun and see how you go.’ “So far, touch wood, it's gone okay!” Opening up on misconceptions about him due to his parents being Chris and Ingrid Tarrant, Toby said: “I only ever take people as I find them, but if people are influenced by my surname and my upbringing or anything like that, that's that's up to them. “I just hope that they meet me and like me - if they meet me, with no assumptions and don't like me, then that's probably my fault! “I've got no worries about that sort of thing. “You can only treat people as you want to be treated yourself and hope that more people like you than don't, I guess.” To be in with a chance of winning, head to vouchercodes.co.uk/campaign/vc-rent-free-summer and complete the competition entry form. For unmissable savings every day, savvy spenders can sign up to VoucherCodes .