Stranger Things fans have been desperate to find out how season four ends after the sci-fi drama's first volume ended a couple of months ago. Netflix temporarily crashed as millions of subscribers tried to log in to watch the final two episodes that came out on Friday, July 1.  Before many even got to the grand finale, the penultimate instalment had viewers in floods of tears. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Stranger Things. El (played by Millie Bobby Brown) was desperate to get her powers back and so agreed to work with Dr Mark Brenner (Matthew Modine) to try and restore them. As she was learning more about her past, Mike Wheeler, (Finn Wolfhard), Jonathan Byers (Charlie Heaton), Will Byers (Noah Schnapp) and Argyle (Eduardo Franco) went on a mission to find her. During their journey, Mike started opening up to his friend Will about his worry that El isn't going to need him anymore. This is when Will gives a heartfelt speech about how "El" loves and will always need him. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Faith Dingle unveils tragic family secret At one point, a teary-eyed Will says: "When you're different, sometimes you feel like a mistake." His older brother Jonathan overheard their conversation and quickly realised that Will wasn't talking about El at all. Will was indirectly telling Mike that he was gay and it was actually him who felt like the "mistake" for being different. Fans took to Twitter to share their heartbreak at this emotional moment. One viewer tweeted: “'When you’re different sometimes you feel like a mistake'. "Will Byers I want to protect you from everything." Another commented: "Will Byers has gone through enough, he deserved so much better. I want to hug him so bad." Whereas another "screamed" in capital letters: "He [Will] was not talking about El, Mike, he was talking about himself". (sic) DON'T MISS...Wimbledon viewers in tears over Sue Barker tribute [REACTION]Stranger Things fans ‘work out’ who Eleven’s real father is  [EXPLAINER]David Harbour opens up on Strange Things weight loss [CAST] Later in the same episode, Will and Jonathan were alone together at the pizza restaurant, preparing the salt bath for El. Jonathan brought up how he missed his little brother going to him when he needed help. Even though neither of them talked about Will's sexuality point blank, it was clear both of them knew what brought on the discussion. Their moment together ended with Will and Jonathan tearfully hugging one another. Stranger Things season four may be done and dusted, but there will be more to come. The drama has already been renewed for a fifth season by Netflix which sadly will be the franchise's last. A release date hasn't been confirmed yet but Stranger Things is expected to return sometime next year. Stranger Things seasons 1-4 are available to watch on Netflix.