Camilla, who was at Ascot yesterday for King George Diamond Day, may have something even racier than horses in mind for Prince Charles. She has asked former Strictly professional – and Argentine tango expert – Vincent Simone to teach her husband some dance moves. Vincent, who was the first to introduce the ­passionate version of the dance to the hit BBC show in 2006, has told how she made the proposition after coming to see him perform. The Italian-born double Argentine tango world finalist said: “Camilla came to see one of my shows at the Aldwych Theatre and she asked if I would be able to teach Prince Charles some dancing. I said ‘yes.’ “The best dance I could teach them would be the Argentine tango. I have been teaching this for years and would love to teach them a ­passionate dance." “The Argentine tango, people say, is like making love in three minutes, which I think is too long,” laughed Vincent, 43. “It’s got everything you need in that dance. You can go from romance tango, to passion tango to a dram­atic tango." “But also there’s different shapes which not too many people know and I will introduce in my show so people can watch the beautiful dancing. It’s people falling in love, out of love and drama and passions – all the emotions you need.” Charles, 73, and Camilla, 75 – whose romantic lives have not been without drama – are big fans of Strictly and are reportedly in talks with BBC show bosses to host an episode in the Buckingham Palace ballroom this year. Camilla also made a surprise appearance at the 2020 final, thanking the cast and crew for lifting the nation’s spirits during the pandemic. The couple are no strangers to taking to the floor. In 2012, while on a royal tour of New Zealand, an enthusiastic Charles jive-danced with Christchurch ­resident Lisa Shannon on a makeshift outdoor stage. She later described him as “a beautiful dancer.” And Camilla has experience of pairing up with a former Strictly pro. She teamed up with Brendan Cole at a Buckingham Palace charity tea dance in 2017. Vincent, who takes his new Tango Passions show on tour in autumn, appeared in seven series of Strictly along with dance partner Flavia Cacace-Mistry. He came second in 2008 with singer Rachel Stevens. He now choreographs the Argentine tango on the show.