Gabriel Jesus may be used to winning Premier League titles with Manchester City, but his new club Arsenal haven't won the division since the 2003/04 season. The Brazilian arrives with a lot of promise at the Emirates, and he's dreaming big too. Jesus has admitted that he wants to try and win the Premier League at Arsenal after making the £45million move from City this summer. The Brazilian won four Premier League titles at City after arriving back in 2017, but the last time Arsenal won the top flight was when they went unbeaten back during the 2003/04 season. Arsenal are a shadow of their former selves in the present day, but Mikel Arteta's project is exciting fans that things could soon change. Arsenal narrowly missed out on a place in the Champions League again last season after coming short in the race for top four, somewhere they've failed to finish for six consecutive seasons. But that hasn't stopped Jesus from dreaming big, claiming that he's 'thinking about the future'. DON'T MISS: Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd denied De Jong fix, Spurs' triple meeting, Chelsea agreement  The last time Arsenal came close to winning a Premier League title was during the 2015/16 season, when they came second behind Leicester City who shocked the sporting world. Arsene Wenger held an incredible record of finishing in the top four for 20 straight seasons, but since then the Gunners have failed to return, finishing as low as eighth. But perhaps things could be about to change, and Jesus seems very confident. "Well, as I said, I always like projects in my life, I like to do things not only thinking about today, but thinking about the long term," Jesus told TNT Sports.  READ MOREArsenal could be about to sanction first sale which will please William SalibaTottenham already working on seventh summer signing as Djed Spence confirmedMan Utd have four Antony alternatives as Ajax refuse to budge "I came here not to stay one or two seasons, but to stay five. So that’s my thought. That’s why I chose to come to Arsenal, a very big club in England, where they have a very beautiful history, and who unfortunately are dormant a little bit. "So that also counted, I have this challenge of winning. Coming to a club that hasn't won a league for a long time and that has been improving every year. The decision was also very important."  Jesus is soon to be joined by former City team-mate Oleksandr Zinchenko, who is set to become Arsenal's fifth signing of the summer. He too is used to winning trophies, and with title winning experience in their squad it could be the difference.