Yellowstone returns to The Paramount Network in November with season five and plenty of fan-favourites will be returning. Mo (played by Mo Brings Plenty) has offered his assistance to the Duttons on a number of occasions and he has been bumped up to series regular for the next outing. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the actor Mo Brings Plenty. Mo Brings Plenty has been a part of the Yellowstone cast since season one and he plays Thomas Rainwater's (Gil Birmingham) driver and assistant. However, he is much more than an aid to the leader of the reservation, as he is a trusted friend. Mo has also become an ally to the Dutton family, as John (Kevin Costner) and Thomas have shared enemies. The fearless and loyal character has become a fan-favourite in the series and he will play an even bigger role in season five. Mo Brings Plenty, 52, is an Oglala Lakota actor, drummer and singer. READ MORE: Yellowstone season 5 theory: Monica to exit after Kevin Costner tease Oglala means to "scatter one's own" in the Lakota language. It is one of the seven Lakota subtribes that make up the Očhéthi Šakówiŋ, or Seven Council Fires. Most Oglala people live on the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation in South Dakota, where Mo was born. This is the eighth-largest Native American reservation in the US. The official title of the tribe is Oglala Sioux, and they are a federally recognised tribe. Not many people use the Sioux term as they believe it may come from the word 'snake' in the language of historical enemies, the Ojibwe. Mo is a direct descendant of Brings Plenty, an Oglala Lakota warrior who fought in the Battle of Little Big Horn. The battle took place in 1876 and was between the Lakota Sioux, Northern Cheyenne, and Arapaho tribes and the 7th Cavalry Regiment of the United States Army. The US suffered a huge defeat during the event, which was one of the most significant actions of the Great Sioux War. Mo opened up about how Native Americans are portrayed in the world of TV and film. DON'T MISS... Tanaya Beatty nationality: Where is the Yellowstone Avery star from? [INSIGHT] Yellowstone season 4 UK release date: When is it on Paramount Plus? [EXPLAINER] Yellowstone season 5 theory: Beth to take down Caroline Warner [THEORY] Speaking to Native News Online he said: "I took the [Yellowstone] role because I was going to be the sidekick to another Native who was a tribal chairman. "And, of course, Kevin Costner being in a project, who wouldn't? "Just before I did take the role, I was contemplating on whether or not I was going to step away from pursuing this anymore. "In fact, I talked to my family and told them what I had in mind, and that I was done with it." The star was contemplating his next career move when he got the opportunity to work with Gil Birmingham. He said: "By landing this role, it revitalized and gave me a breath of fresh air to continue on because what I'm pursuing is much bigger than me. "And that is to open, to flat out just rip the doors down and make more opportunities for Indian country to be involved in." Native American culture has remained a prominent theme throughout the course of the series.  Yellowstone season 5 airs on The Paramount Network from November 13 Seasons 1-4 are on Peacock, with seasons 1-3 on Paramount Plus.