Weather forecaster Netweather has predicted highs of 30C in the southeast on Saturday, potentially getting even warmer on Sunday. There will be some rain on Friday and Saturday over Northern Ireland and the West, before most of Britain and Northern Ireland see "fine, dry weather". The forecaster said that much of the country will see "sunny and warm" weather, with high UV. On Sunday, "showery rain" will move across from the west of England to Northern Ireland, Scotland and Northern England. Western Wales will also see some rain. However, the forecaster warned that the fire risk "remains high in many parts of the UK" this weekend. Weather forecaster WXCharts has also predicted highs of 30C on Sunday in the east. London will see highs of 29C, while the north will be cooler at 20C. Looking ahead to the weekend, Netweather forecaster Jo Farrow said: "The rain will make inroads over Northern Ireland from the west during the day, reaching west coast Scotland by Saturday evening as the winds freshen. "For most of Britain and even Northern Ireland for part of the day, there will be fine, dry weather. "Ahead of the frontal cloud it will be sunny and warm. "Very warm for some with high UV, moderate pollen and ongoing moderate air pollution due to Ozone levels. "There will be a balancing act between the incoming low and the high over Europe which is helping the heat stay. "Showery rain pushes in from the west over Northern Ireland, Scotland and northern England, again with shelter in the east. "Also, showery rain for western Wales. DON'T MISS: UK weather: Thunderstorm alert for Friday [REPORT] UK storm warning: Met Office puts FOUR regions on alert for power cuts [INSIGHT] UK hot weather returns! Sweltering 30C heat to bake Britain [ANALYSIS] "Again, ahead of that there will be fine, dry and sunny weather with heat for eastern England as temperatures reach 30 Celsius or even a bit higher." The forecaster added: "The fire risk remains high in many parts of the UK and mainland Europe this coming weekend. "Do take care as another dry, very warm weekend approaches for southern Britain."