The comments were directed towards the Sussex Partnership NHS Foundation Trust, which coordinates mental health support in the southeast English county. The trust is not affiliated with the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, who received their titles from the Queen following their 2018 wedding. However, tweets replying to an announcement by the NHS Sussex Partnership linked the healthcare provider to the royals, who stepped back from Royal Family life in 2020. The Sussex Partnership had posted to publicise its collaboration with text-based mental health support service, Shout. The account wrote: “We're proud to partner with @GiveUsAShout to offer free and confidential support round the clock to anyone Sussex who needs to talk. “Simply text SUSSEX to 85258 to be connected to a trained volunteer.” Replying to the post in the comments, one social media user, @Amanda02943872, attached screenshots appearing to show the accounts for the Sussex Partnership and the Shout helpline. The account wrote: “Anything to do with them two lying scabs from America then it gets blocked now. “Corruption attached to all Meghan Markle touches.” A separate account, @HaleyHope14, responded: “You realize just because they have Sussex in their name doesn’t mean they are affiliated with Meghan and Harry. READ MORE: Lilibet leak shows Palace 'panic' over second Meghan and Harry Oprah interview “You’re literally attacking a business for no reason.” Omid Scobie, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's biographer, took to Twitter to respond: “Clever bunch, aren't they?”  Twitter user @meghaven247 replied: “Always loud and wrong.” Another, @Traveljunkiefo1, chimed in: “…can’t make this up.” DON'T MISSMeghan Markle moment that stunned Wimbledon fan: ‘It was bonkers’ [LATEST]Camilla stuns in new photo by Kate for milestone partnership [INSIGHT]Sophie Wessex snubbed by Queen with refusal of princess title request [REVEAL] Christopher Bouzy, who heads up the social media analytics platform BotSentinel.com, took to Twitter to call out the erroneous associations drawn between the Duke and Duchess of Sussex and the NHS trust. He wrote: Anti-Meghan accounts thought the NHS was partnered with Harry and Meghan because of the name “Sussex Partnership,” so they started attacking the NHS Twitter account. “Spoiler alert: Harry and Meghan are not partnered with the NHS. “These accounts need to be suspended permanently.”  He later tweeted: “It's time for Twitter to crack down on hate accounts attacking organizations they believe are associated with Harry and Meghan. “It's out of control.” Meghan, 40, has previously spoken of her experiences with online hate, calling the barrage of social media abuse “almost unsurvivable”. She told the “Teenager Therapy” podcast in 2020: “If you're not in school, then you're finding yourselves on your devices or online more, and there's a lot of vulnerability there that I think so many people are experiencing.” She added: “Yes, it's a great way to connect, but it also ends up being a place where there's a lot of disconnection. “You know, I can speak personally, too. “I'm told that in 2019, I was the most trolled person in the entire world, male or female. “Now, eight months of that, I wasn't even visible — I was on maternity leave or with the baby — but was able to just be manufactured and churned out, it's almost unsurvivable.”