Arsenal director Edu is fully convinced that a move for Leicester City midfielder Youri Tielemans would be a great option for the Gunners ahead of next season, according to reports. Tielemans has been heavily linked with the north Londoners over the last few months after rejecting the offer of a new and improved deal at the King Power Stadium. The Belgian playmaker will be a free agent next summer as things stand, which suggests that Leicester could look to cash in on their man before the new Premier League season gets underway. Transfer expert David Ornstein has since revealed that Edu and Mikel Arteta are both huge admirers of Tielemans but a deal may be complicated to engineer unless one of their existing midfielders is sold over the coming weeks."One question I’m asked most, by Arsenal fans in particular, is what is the latest with Youri Tielemans," said Ornstein on The Athletic Football Podcast."He has 12 months left on his Leicester contract and they would be open to selling if they get a suitable offer. We’ve reported that Arsenal have a firm interest in him. JUST IN: Ten Hag risks Man Utd fan uproar with midfield plan without De Jong "The decision-makers at the club are all-in on him but it’s more complicated than that because when you speak to people around this situation they make it clear that there may need to be a departure first for Tielemans to come in, be that Granit Xhaka or someone else in that area of the field to free up the space and the finance."It remains to be seen whether Arsenal will eventually firm up their desire to land Tielemans with an official bid in advance of the upcoming Premier League campaign. They are set to confirm the arrival of Manchester City utility man Oleksandr Zinchenko as their next summer signing and could reportedly look to deploy him in the middle of the park rather than at left-back next season. A guaranteed transfer fee in the region of £30million has been agreed in exchange for Zinchenko, who has played a major role in shaping City's successes in a number of competitions over the last few years. He is set to undergo a medical later this week after finalising personal terms with Arsenal and is believed to be looking forward to reuniting with Arteta, who he worked under during the Spaniard's time as Pep Guardiola's right-hand man at the Etihad Stadium.Arsenal currently have a number of existing options to choose from in midfield, including the likes of Xhaka, Thomas Partey, Albert Sambi Lokonga and now Zinchenko. Only time will tell if a move for Tielemans is pursued by the Gunners in the not-too-distant future or if they will decide to shelve their interest until at least one of the midfielders already on their books is shipped out. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here