Holiday hotspots in Andalucia in Spain have said they are considering a tourist tax. Seville has asked the Spanish Government to consider introducing the charge. Malaga has also said it wants to “explore” a tourist tax while Granada is in favour of a new tax. Mayor of Seville, Antonio Muñoz, has now launched a campaign to get support from all the local political groups. He said: “We have always defended the application of a tourist tax rate or instrument in Seville but as a city council we have no powers.” He added that he was committed to following the model of other large European cities. READ MORE: Cheapest seaside town to visit during heatwave 'gloriously beautiful' The mayor said that other cities had not seen a reduction in the number of visitors after introducing a tax. However, he said the city would consider and debate the issue before making a decision. The establishment of the tax could generate over seven million euros a year (£5.9million) for the city of Seville. City officials said the tax would cost around two euros (£1.69) per overnight stay for tourists. Cordoba, a popular destination on Spain’s Costa del Sol, has said it will not consider introducing the tax. It said the tourism sector was still recovering from the pandemic and the pressure of rising costs. According to local Spanish media, Granada is considering the tax to make it a more competitive destination. Cadiz isn’t in favour of the tax, however the city’s mayor said the money could be used to improve the city’s infrastructure. READ MORE: Safest country in the world is 'amazing' and peaceful Despite the controversy, tourist taxes are already in place in many areas of Spain. Tourists pay a fee to visit the Balearics which varies in price depending on the type of accommodation. Barcelona also charges tourists a fee while some areas of the Costa Blanca are considering introducing a tax. Benidorm has said it will never introduce a tourist tax and Alicante has also rejected the plans. In Italy, Venice has gone one step further by charging daytrippers a fee to enter the famous city. The charge will be in place in 2023 and will see cruise passengers and other daily visitors charged to visit Venice for the day. Wales is also considering a tourist tax to help fund infrastructure and services in popular destinations. Tourist taxes are in place in many French and Italian cities and are often included in the price of a package holiday. Additional reporting by Rita Sobot. 