Members at Oulton and Woodlesford Sports and Social Club, in Oulton, West Yorkshire, have called the behaviour "disgusting". The club has shared evidence of the damage left behind on their social media pages. The group of people in caravans reportedly arrived on June 28, and gained access to the site. At least 10 caravans, plus cars and small vans, parked up on the pitches used for rugby league and football games, LeedsLive reports. Staff say it is the fourth time the club has been impacted in this way in two years. "Damage done to our playing fields - this is now beyond a joke," said Outlon Raisers ARLFC on Twitter. "They're an absolute disgrace," one individual added, while another said there was "poor kids watching" and the "pitch is ruined". Members were left furious after a training session was cancelled following the disruption. "Help us" pleaded the club as they said "this cannot continue". They said: "This has caused serious disruption at the club and it’s the fourth time this has happened in two years. When it happened last year, someone was bitten by a loose dog; we have had to cancel training and games for the safety of our members." On June 29, a West Yorkshire Police duty inspector said: "A site visit has taken place by both Leeds City Council and West Yorkshire Police and, at this time, the police won't be utilising a s.61. In order to utilise the power 'significant disruption, damage, or distress' needs to be cause. I fully appreciate the issues that were cause last time, however we can't presume that the travellers in attendance are the same ones from last time and that they are going to cause significant issues." An eviction notice was eventually implemented by police on Thursday, July 14. It came after members and workers at the sports venue were seen pushing a van with a caravan attached to it as it arrived at the pitch.  Hundreds of people backed the club and shared their thoughts. Matthew Hopton said: "They have been having trouble for weeks now, they moved onto the rugby fields and are constantly ripping up the field doing donuts on the playing fields and making an unsafe area for the kids to play rugby."  Marc Booth added: "It's a disgrace that this is happening again." And Graham Waterworth said: "Absolute joke. The law needs to change immediately." In an update on July 14, the sports club said: "The S61 eviction notice has been served and the travellers have until 17:00 to leave our site. Thank you to West Yorkshire Police for their swift action on our latest visit. Hopefully the prevention measures to be put in place will stop further instances." 