The mum of the girl whose leg was bitten by the dog has slammed its owner for fleeing the scene. Kerry Stewart has said that her daughter, Emily, was on her way back from primary school when she was attacked by the Staffordshire Bull Terrier, on June 14. According to Kerry, her daughter was left with a bruised and "visibly swollen" calf, which was later checked over at a nearby hospital. She has also voiced her fears over other children in the area being attacked by the dog. Speaking to The Mirror, Kerry explained: "Had that been a two-year-old walking along that road, this could have been a lot worse. "I'm just hoping that no other children get attacked by this dog on the street, as this owner clearly doesn't care and she's going to continue to take this dog out so it's going to continue to go for people. People just aren't safe walking on that street." The 40-year-old said Emily showed her the bite via FaceTime, before she picked her up from a friend's house and took her to A&E.   Recalling her daughter's description of the attack, Kerry said: "[Emily and her friend] were walking and just as they approached one of those side roads the lady and her dog came around the corner then the dog just went straight for her. "When Emily was bitten the lady just took off. Didn't check to see if she was okay, nothing." The hospital said it was unlikely that an infection would develop from the bite, but to "keep an eye on it". Kerry added: "The description [Emily] gave was of a Staffordshire Bull Terrier. My next-door neighbour actually has two of those dogs and that's how she described them, she said 'like the dogs next door' and they're both Staffies." In an attempt to warn others, she posted pictures of her daughter's injuries to social media alongside the caption: "I would hate to think another child could be hurt."  She continued: "I know this isn’t the dog's fault and that we can’t label Staffies in a particular way. My next door neighbour has two and they are the friendliest dogs. But hopefully this post will save another child from being bitten or worse." Kerry received messages from other locals in response to the post, with one woman saying her French Bulldog was attacked by a dog of a similar description. Another resident told her the description matches that of a dog who is often seen "growling, barking and jumping" at others in the street. Kerry filed a police report and said officers visited her home to take a full statement.  She added: "They are going to check if there has been any other complaints, and are passing the information onto a dog warden who at this point will have the power to take action against the owner." Speaking on the day following the attack, Kerry said: "Emily's not too bad now but first thing this morning she said it was feeling worse and needed medication. I don't know if she's still in shock by what's happened but it will be interesting to see when she's walking up and down that street again, and to see if she's wary of any dogs at corners." A Police Scotland spokesperson said: “Officers received reports at around 8.35pm on Wednesday, 15 June, 2022 of a nine-year-old girl being bitten by a dog on Hawthorn Crescent, Aberdeen. “Enquiries are ongoing.” 