The report, from What Car?, found that less than 10 percent of in-market buyers currently recognise new electric vehicle manufacturers like Fisker, Nio, and Lynk & Co. These brands are set to enter the UK market in the coming years as the appetite for electric cars continues to grow. The research revealed 56 percent had not heard of any of the following brands before: Faraday Future, Fisker, Lucid, Lynk & Co, Nio, Polestar, Rivian, or WM. Polestar was the best-known brand, with 41 percent of respondents knowing of it, followed by American electric car automakers Rivian at 10 percent and Fisker at nine percent. Rivian has gained popularity in the United States in recent months with its R1T electric pick-up truck which has a range of up to 400 miles and can go from zero to 60mph in just three seconds. It has also been in talks with the UK Government about a potential vehicle factory in the country. READ MORE: 'What a waste!' Fuel protests prompt fierce debate from angry drivers Fisker are planning to launch its Ocean One in the UK soon, with the brand offering the luxury SUV for a pre-order price starting at £34,990. Other brands were less familiar to the survey participants with less than eight percent being able to identify Nio, Lucid, Faraday Future, Lynk & Co and WM. Steve Huntingford, editor, What Car?, said: “The influx of new electric vehicle brands is positive for the industry, giving buyers a wider choice of models, and challenging existing manufacturers, which should increase the rate of technological development. “Brand awareness will, however, be a key challenge for many.” DON'T MISSMan behind fuel protest that would block motorways 'has no choice' [INSIGHT]Electric cars may pay car tax through 'vehicle tracking technologies' [WARNING]UK hydrogen vehicle infrastructure to be unlocked with new funding [INVESTMENT] The survey also found 63 percent of buyers would be as interested in buying an electric vehicle from a traditional brand like Ford as they would from a new brand like Nio. Around one-third said they would prefer to buy an electric car from a traditional OEM over one from a new manufacturer. This comes as Chinese electric car maker BYD overtakes Tesla in global electric vehicle sales. The Warren Buffett-backed manufacturer leapfrogged Elon Musk’s Tesla as the world’s biggest EV producer by sales. It has been said that this is a clear signal of China’s rising dominance of the electric vehicle sector. Shenzhen-based BYD sold 641,000 vehicles in the first six months of the year, a more than 300 percent jump from the same period a year earlier, according to company filings. That compared with 564,000 vehicles sold by Tesla, which has blamed a tough second quarter on supply chain and sales disruptions in China after its operations were hit by coronavirus lockdowns and travel restrictions. BYD, which is part-owned by Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway, has overtaken South Korea’s LG as the world’s second-biggest producer of EV batteries. According to data from Statista, China has a total of 1.15 million public EV charging stations. This accounts for 65 percent of all public charging stations available worldwide. Of China’s total figure, 677,000 stations were normal chargers, with 470,000 being fast-charging stations. The United States finds itself in a distant second place with just 113,527 charging stations, with just 19 percent being fast-charging. This is surprising given Tesla’s dominance as the most popular EV manufacturer in the USA.