Kate Middleton, 40, was recently painted in a portrait with her husband Prince William by the artist Jamie Coreth. The portrait is the first to depict the Duchess of Cambridge as a royal alongside her husband. It will hang in the Fitzwilliam Museum in Cambridge for the next three years.  What surprised many royal fans was that Kate chose to wear a dress by The Vampire’s Wife. This is a very modern brand also favoured by Princess Beatrice. So why would Kate choose this brand for a portrait that is supposed to stand the test of time? Daena Borrowman, the PR, Social and Digital Marketing Manager at jewellerybox spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to explain. READ MORE: Carole Middleton radiant in white denim jacket at Wimbledon She said: “Designer Susie Cave’s brainchild, The Vampire’s Wife, is increasingly becoming a hot favourite among A-listers and royals, alike. “Everyone from Jodie Comer to Maggie Gyllenhaal to Cate Blanchett and even Princess Beatrice and the Duchess of Cambridge are regular patrons of the brand.” Why is this? The expert suggested: “The Vampire’s Wife dresses are dramatic, yet sensuous and feminine.  “Think Little House on the Prairie dresses with a resplendent ethereal edge. “Most of the designs are slim-fitted and include at least one idiosyncratic feature (if not all) such as ruffles, puff-sleeves, power shoulders or cinched waists crafted from shimmering silks or tastefully loud prints.” Why would Kate choose a dress from this brand for her first official portrait as a royal? Daena added: “It makes total sense that British royal women such as the Duchess of Cambridge would turn to The Vampire’s Wife to change things up in their generally formal, rather decorous wardrobes.  READ MORE: The best pictures of Kate Middleton at Wimbledon over the years “In fact, the exact £1,595 dress that Kate wore in her new Jamie Coreth portrait has been spotted on the likes of Alexa Chung and Meena Harris. “This proves just how well-liked Susie Cave’s magical creations are.” Did Kate choose the dress for its “power shoulders”? The expert claimed: “On special occasions, Kate loves to turn to sparkles and power shoulders. “The emerald green Falconetti midi dress from The Vampire’s Wife does exactly the job.  “Britain’s future Queen looks just as she should in the portrait - modern, classy and ready to take on the world.” Is the outfit choice “classic Kate fashion”? Daena opined: “In classic Kate fashion, as with nearly everything she does, not only has Kate shown her support for a British designer but she’s also re-worn an outfit from her wardrobe. “She has even paid a tribute to her late mother-in-law, Princess Diana by wearing two pieces of Diana’s jewellery, namely the Collingwood pearl drop earrings and the Nigel Milne three-strand pearl bracelet.” 