Huge plumes of smoke are emerging from the barn fire on a farm in Walton on the Wolds. Firefighters were called to the scene at around 5.30pm today. They are still battling to keep the flames under control. This comes after firefighters declared a "major incident", meaning they are not attending automatic fire alarms because they are so busy elsewhere. The smoke from the blaze is visible for miles around. A spokeswoman for Leicestershire Fire and Rescue service confirmed crews were dealing with a fire at an agricultural property in the village. The service added via Twitter: "Smoke is heavy in the local area and we are receiving a large volume of related calls, so please rest assured we are there. "If you are local, please close your windows."    The Leicestershire Fire and Rescue service is already stretched thin following a large grass fire earlier today near Bradford Park. The fire service said there were five fire engines and a water tanker at the scene. This has led the service to declare a major incident. People are urged only to call on them in the event of an emergency. In a tweet at 4.30pm, the service warned: "The fire service have declared a major incident due to the increase of call outs relating to the heatwave. "Fires spread in the heat - assess the risk, is it worth it?" There was also a vehicle fire on the M1 near Loughborough earlier today. Today has seen temperature records being broken all over the country, with Heathrow Airport and parts of Lincolnshire recording 40.2C - up on the previous record of 38.7C set in 2019. In Leicestershire, before this week, the record, also from 2019, was 34.5C. But yesterday, 35.8C was recorded near Market Bosworth and 39.2C has been recorded today. In a statement about the weather, the fire service said: "During periods of hot weather, we tend to experience a rise in incidents. These are frequently secondary fires, such as grass fires and bin fires. "These can sometimes be caused by carelessly discarded smoking materials or barbeques which have not cooled down. "We also experience an increase in call outs to incidents such as tractor and combine harvester fires, and as such we now offer free farm safety checks. "During heatwaves, there is an increased risk of incidents like fire and water rescue, so we would like to take a moment to remind our residents across Leicester, Leicestershire and Rutland to take care."