Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has made it clear Roberto Firmino will be staying with the club this season amid interest from Italian giants Juventus. The Brazilian centre-forward, who has made the false-nine role his own since arriving at the club from Hoffenheim in 2015, has since seen his involvement become more limited following the arrivals of Diogo Jota and Luis Diaz.  Furthermore, Liverpool's new £85million acquisition Darwin Nunez is set to increase the competition for places in attack and particularly Firmino's position - despite the departure of Sadio Mane to Bayern Munich. Juventus have been heavily linked with the 30-year-old in the past two weeks with some reports in Italy even claiming Firmino was the subject of an opening offer from the Old Lady. But in the view of Klopp, Firmino is very much still an integral part of what Liverpool are trying to do... “Bobby is crucial for us, the heart and soul of this team," Klopp said, dismissing any talk Firmino could move onto pastures new. READ MORE: Frenkie de Jong 'handed Barcelona pay-cut ultimatum' over mega-money £72m Man Utd transfer “Everything looks really good and I am absolutely fine with Firmino. For me, no doubt about his quality, so yes, he is essential for us." Juventus have identified Firmino as one of their top attacking targets as they seek to replace Alvaro Morata, who is now set to stay at Atletico Madrid. The shortlist also includes fellow Premier League forwards Timo Werner and Anthony Martial. Firmino is not remotely interested in moving elsewhere though and he has already made it clear that he wants to remain on Merseyside. Speaking to TNT Sports in Brazil, he said: “I want to stay. I’m very happy here. I’m grateful to God to be here playing at a great club with great players, winning titles, and my wish is to stay. “I want to be here, I’m happy here, and that’s all I can say. I want to stay.” The goals have started to dry up for Firmino, who hit 11 in all competitions at Anfield last season - including five in seven Champions League outings. Diogo Jota is also set to remain on the sidelines through injury, meaning Liverpool are in no position to weaken their forward line just over one week out from the 2022/23 Premier League season. Firmino is renowned for being a team player and is unlikely to kick up a fuss if he's on the bench this season. He tends to see the bigger picture as Liverpool continue to chase more trophies. Former Liverpool defender Mark Lawrenson is also of the opinion that Firmino will definitely stay at the club, despite the arrival of Nunez, he said: “Liverpool hope Darwin Nunez will hit the ground running. I saw both the Liverpool fixtures against Benfica in the Champions League and in all honesty, he tore us apart. He’s lightning quick and he can play anywhere across the front three. I also don’t see (Roberto) Firmino leaving because then they'd be a little bit thin on the ground. “He's a top signing and when you look at it, he's a top striker who works extremely hard, which is a prerequisite of any Liverpool player - let alone forward players. It’s a very clever signing and he’s young as well. They're obviously hoping that Nunez will have the same impact as Luis Diaz and there's a lot of excitement about the fact that he's only going to get better.”