Burst pipes are not just an issue in the cold winter months, in fact, they can happen for several reasons in the heat of summer too. As the UK basks in scorching temperatures, homeowners should check their pipes to prevent them from bursting. Here are the common causes of burst pipes in hot weather, and exactly how to stop them. Household plumbing can go wrong at any time of the year, but it can be even more at risk in periods of extreme weather. Just as pipes can freeze and burst in the winter, the heat of summer can have a similar effect on your property. Water damage, increased water usage and even just the sun’s UV rays could lead to burst pipes, but they’re not the only causes you need to know about. READ MORE: ‘Effective’ way to keep house flies away from homes using 85p spice The warm weather gives more room for pipes to shift and ultimately break. According to Plus Heat, if the pipe experiences a very hot temperature for a long time and suddenly, little rainfall happens, then the pipe will burst in little to no time at all. If your pipes are already in poor condition, they will be even more likely to burst and break. To prevent heat damage from ruining your pipes, it is important to ensure they are properly maintained and haven’t been ‘warped’. Leaving clogged drains unattended can lead to increased pressure inside pipes, which can then crack or burst. This is a messy and often expensive problem that can cause significant damage to your plumbing and home while leaving an unpleasant smell lingering throughout your property. Clogged drains are even more problematic in summer when drains are used more frequently for BBQs and other social events in the home. To avoid blockages, Coastal Drains recommended keeping the following items out of the sink: The drain specialists said: “If you ensure nothing unusual ends up down your sink and prioritise cleaning out the sink and pouring a kettle of hot water down the pipes every few days, you should keep the drains clear of clogs!” DON'T MISS:Where does Sajid Javid live now? Inside former health secretary’s life [INSIGHT]UK weather warning: Brits warned of garden fires as 40C heat hits [LATEST]Schools forced to CLOSE after no water in 'dangerous' heat [ANALYSIS] Blockages and clogs in your pipes are not the only thing you need to look out for during the summer. Homeowners living in hard water areas can often be more at risk of clogging due to the high mineral content. Over time, these deposits will build up in your pipes and restrict water flow. Plus Heat explained that In cases when the pressure exceeds the pipe’s threshold, it can cause the pipe to burst. Having a water softener installed is an effective method to protect your pipes as they help to remove most of the minerals and reduce clogging. During the summer, it is possible that the ground under your property can dry up with the lack of rain, causing your pipes to crack. Coastal Drains said: “The heat and the UV rays beating down on your pipes day after day can result in some serious damage. “And while this can take years to happen, at the first signs of a collapsed drain, you should deal with it as soon as possible.” To prevent burst pipes from affecting your home, it is best to cover any exposed pipework with insulation to ensure the heat from the sun does not damage it. If you do experience a burst pipe, there are a few steps you should always take to keep your property safe. The very first thing you should be doing when a pipe bursts in your home is turn off your water immediately to stem the flow of the outpouring. Once you’ve found the tap, turn it clockwise to close it and anti-clockwise to reopen the water supply. This will stop the leak from getting worse while you follow the next steps and then call an emergency plumber. Gather all of the towels, buckets, and mops you have at your disposal and get to work to ensure the area is as clean as possible to avoid any further damage to your carpets, floors, walls, and furniture. Getting rid of as much water as possible will help to avoid the risk of mould and mildew. If the leak has happened in an area of the home with a number of electrical appliances or it’s so large that it could easily spread to these areas, it’s worth also turning off the electricity to avoid any danger.