The UK has been warned to expect “thundery rain” over the weekend just days after it was battered by a scorching heatwave with record breaking temperatures. Ian Simpson, Netweather forecaster, said there was a chance thunderstorms could hit Northern Ireland this evening and push into western Scotland.  In the East Midlands, Lincolnshire will be battered by rain, as well as over the West Country, south Wales and in the northern half of Scotland. Meanwhile, Northern Ireland has been warned to prepare for further thunder on Sunday, with outbreaks expected to develop more widely through Scotland and northern England during Sunday afternoon. He said: “There is a chance of some thunderstorms developing in Northern Ireland during the evening and pushing into western Scotland. “During the evening, the rain may extend as far south as Lincolnshire (which has been very dry recently), but further south it is expected to remain generally dry.” But he also warned Britons to prepare for a hot night. Mr Simpson said: “It will be a rather warm night tonight with temperatures widely falling no lower than 16 or 17C.  READ MORE: '40C to be normal by 2050': Heatwaves will be 30% more common “Some clear intervals will develop over most of the country, but there will be further outbreaks of rain over the West Country, south Wales and in the northern half of Scotland.” And on Sunday, “sunny spells are expected to develop more widely, particularly in most eastern parts of the UK”. He added:  It will remain dry with plenty of sunshine over much of southern England and East Anglia. “It will be another hot day in East Anglia and the south-east with temperatures widely reaching 30 or 31C, and generally the high 20s in the Midlands.  DON'T MISS 'Gates of hell are opening' - Britain set for hottest August EVER [WARNING]Heatwave warning: 'Avoid gardening' for now to help your garden [MAPPED]UK Weather: Brits set for second 40C scorcher [INSIGHT] “The coolest regions will be Northern Ireland and western Scotland where most places will reach around 20C.” METEOGROUP UK forecasters also warned of “heavy and thundery showers”. They also warned of “ heavy and thundery” Showers and rain on Saturday night. Forecasting for Sunday they said: “Mixed conditions conditions as there will be periods of bright or sunny spells but also large areas of cloud cover around and showers or longer spells of rain which will be most frequent across northern and western areas. “Heavy and thundery showers across Scotland and Northern Ireland later. “An unsettled evening across Scotland and Northern Ireland with heavy and slow-moving showers bringing thunder. “There will also be some spells of rain further south however overnight rain and showers will ease and turn increasingly patchy. Outbreaks of rain across northern and western areas by dawn.” The thunderstorms alert after the Met Office said the heatwave was the UK's most intense and widespread, adding it was a climate milestone with "much more widespread and significant heat than previous noteworthy extreme heat events".  The 40.3C at Coningsby, Lincolnshire, on Tuesday July 19 provisionally set a new record daily maximum temperature, beating the previous figure set in Cambridge three years ago by 1.6C. The high temperatures saw the Met Office issue its lengthiest amber warning, lasting six days, followed by its first red warning for extreme heat as Brits were told to stay indoors as widespread travel disruption and wildfires broke out. The forecaster's Mike Kendon said: "The high temperature values were obviously exceptional but the widespread nature is also very significant and makes this recent heatwave stand above the crowd when it comes to recent heat events that have impacted the UK." Temperatures on July 18 and 19 topped 38C, which had only happened before in the UK on August 10 2003 and July 25 2019, according to Met Office data which uses observations stretching back to the mid-19th century.