Pillows, pillowcases and bedding should be washed regularly to get rid of dead cells, dust and allergens as well as skin oils and sweat. For those unsure of how to correctly clean their pillows, Malik Karman, bedding expert from Eachnight Mattresses has shared how to do so. The expert said: “As a general rule, bedding should be washed once a week, and that includes pillowcases. “However, some people may find themselves benefiting from washing their pillowcases more often. “Cleaning a pillowcases can eliminate skin oils and other allergens that collect in the fabric, ensuring the surface stays clean and comfortable. “You don’t need to wash your pillow too often as long as they’re kept covered in a clean pillowcase.” The average pillow can be washed every four to six months to help maintain it. READ MORE: Royal fans 'shocked' after visiting 'tacky' Buckingham Palace - inside However, not all types of pillows can be washed, such as solid foam pillows or buckwheat pillows. The expert added: “A rule of thumb is that a pillow that can be fluffed up is machine washable, such as feather pillows and shredded foam pillows. “However, it’s important to double check the pillow’s care tag to make sure it can go through the washer safely.” Pillows absorb many things throughout the night including skin oils, sweat, dead cells, dust and other allergens. DON'T MISS:Monty Don shares how to prune rambling roses now [COMMENT]Mrs Hinch fans share how to clean mouldy washing machine drawers [INSIGHT]Lawn care tips: Two ways to repair ‘patches’ in the grass [EXPERT] The bedding expert said leaving a pillow unwashed can result in facial acne or bad odours. Malik added: “However, people with allergies may notice an increase in symptoms that significantly impact their quality of life. “All you need to wash your pillow is a gentle detergent. “Dryer balls or a few tennis balls can also be helpful when tossing the pillow in the dryer, as the balls can help the pillow dry faster and fluff it up too. READ MORE: ‘Common’ lawn mistakes to avoid this summer - ‘unnecessary stress’ “If your pillow cannot be machine washed and you want to freshen it up, we recommend sprinkling baking soda across its surface and leaving the powder alone to soak up moisture and odours.” The pillow can then be vacuumed or shaken off before the new pillowcase is put on. Baking soda can be purchased for as little as £1. Memory foam pillows can be gently spot-cleaned and freshened up with an occasional spot of baking soda. Buckwheat pillows aren’t washable at all and those with this type of people will need to refresh the filling with new hulls. The bedding expert explained: “Size is also important to consider when washing pillows. “King size pillows typically need to be washed in an industrial washing machine, so you likely won’t be able to wash them at home. “If your pillow can be washed at home, remove any protective coverings and place the pillow in the washer. “If your washing machine has an agitator, it’s best to wash two pillows to better maintain balance. “Once the pillow has been washed with gentle detergent, tumble dry it on low heat.”