Dan Walker tickled Twitter users on Sunday when he skewered Piers Morgan with a joke about Meghan Markle. Piers had voiced his concerns about the Royal Family at the Wimbledon final when Nick Kyrgios erupted into several rants throughout the duration of the game. A particularly explosive incident saw Kyrgios become fed up with a crowd member who he said was “drunk out of her mind”.The Wimbledon 2022 runner-up became enraged when the woman appeared to heckle him during his serve and talked to him throughout the match.Kyrgios screamed that she looked like she’d had “about 700 drinks” and demanded that she be thrown out of the court. READ MORE:'Do miss each other' Pauline Collins on being 'separated' from husband Following the incident, Piers took to Twitter and said: “What do we do if Kyrgios starts abusing the royals?”Soon after, Dan hit back with a quip about Piers’ criticism of Meghan Markle.He jibed: “Write an article about Meghan Markle?”It didn't take long for Piers to hit back at his TV rival and accused Dan of "virtue-signalling". He retaliated: “Aww, it’s so sweet how you stand up for fellow virtue-signalling frauds.”Many users were tickled by Dan’s joke and took to the comments to echo his sentiment.Phoenix wrote: “It's true though, if that ever happens Piers will look for a nexus between that and poor Meghan Markle.”Vicky added: “I mean, it’ll obviously be her fault somehow.” DON'T MISSDolly Parton heartbreak: Star's husband's emotion confession on fame[INSIGHT]Lord Sugar blasts BBC coverage over no male' host at Women's Euros[LATEST]Hollywood A-lister saw Meghan Markle's royal status coming[NEWS] Garry remarked: “This is some of your best work Dan.” And Dean exclaimed: “Morgan can’t come back from this!”Following Sunday’s match, Novak Djokovic became Wimbledon champion for the seventh time after defeating Nick Kyrgios on Centre Court. Speaking to Sue Barker after his victory, Djokovic said he was "blessed" to secure the title again.He said: “I’m very blessed and very thankful to be standing here with the trophy. It’s the most special tennis court in the world.  “This tournament has the most history and the most recognition around the world.”