When David Cameron quit Downing Street in the shadow of his referendum defeat, the contest to replace him was also truncated, with Theresa May’s scheduled final-round opponent dropping out to let her take over quickly. By contrast, the race to succeed Boris Johnson seems certain to go the distance, with the five candidates still in the running getting whittled down next week to a final two who will do battle over the rest of the summer before the one who wins the backing of the grassroots membership takes office in early September. This extended process is replete with both opportunities and challenges for the Tories. The biggest challenge is that with hysteria around “partygate” now subsiding, the enormity of what its MPs have just done in dumping a remarkable, election-winning premier at the height of his powers is dawning on more and more people. Boris is suddenly back on top form, cheeky grin restored and coining phrases which both entertain us and hammer home his political points. This all brings with it a danger that the process to replace him with someone inevitably far less well-known could start to seem absurd long before that person walks through the famous black door of No10 Downing Street. The biggest opportunity is for one of the candidates to connect with the public in a way that suggests they can grow into an election-winner themselves rather than become a Tory leader that Labour’s Keir Starmer feels more comfortable about facing than he ever did about Johnson. It is unlikely to be Tom Tugendhat, who came last among the candidates who survived Thursday’s voting round. But the Tonbridge MP, a foreign policy expert on the party’s left flank, has still brought good things to the contest, not least an obviously sincere commitment to public service. He should have a big role to play in somebody else’s Cabinet. Kemi Badenoch, the fourth-placed contender has proven to be the undoubted sensation of the contest so far, going from virtual unknown to new political star in the space of a week and eclipsing several Cabinet ministers in the process. Many believe she is the one with by far the biggest potential to reconnect the Conservatives with the British public. But it currently seems likely that many MPs on the party’s right-wing will instead back Liz Truss, the Foreign Secretary who is in third place right now. Ms Truss, who backed Remain in the 2016 referendum, has since become a dogged champion of Brexit. Despite an awkward manner and a less than thrilling speaking style, she does have a certain charisma which at least suggests the potential to become an election-winner and a PM who can give the country the shake-up it so obviously needs. Yet can she leapfrog the contender in second place, the trade minister Penny Mordaunt, who has an inspiring back-story which saw her become aparental figure to her siblings when their mother died early and projects more gravitas in public debate? Former Defence Secretary Ms Mordaunt’s public image – think Britannia taking human form – and her status as a Royal Navy reservist has captured the imagination of a big chunk of the Tory grassroots. But her record on woke issues, which has seen her endorsed by MPs on the progressive left of the party, is a cause of genuine worry. Top of the charts at the moment is the smooth-talking and ultra-wealthy former chancellor Rishi Sunak. He undoubtedly possesses a first-rate intellect and some of the more prosperous southern voters the Tories have recently lost to the Lib Dems could probably be wooed back should he become PM. But could he keep the Red Wall converts that Johnson attracted in their millions? Just as big a problem for him is that he is the MP most blamed by Johnson and his allies for the plot that brought him down. Many grassroots Tory members have pledged to vote for anyone against him if he is one of the two names they have to decide between. It would be a shame if this crucial choice was settled by such negative and factional thinking. Every Conservative should remember that, as far as the country is concerned, their most pressing task is to keep Labour and its allies in other leftist parties out of office. In the Commons this week, Johnson claimed that any of the candidates would “wipe the floor” with Starmer, whom he branded “Captain Crasheroony Snoozefest”, as only he could have done. Not for the first time, he may have been erring on the side of optimism. Conservative MPs and grassroots members alike now need to focus not on which candidate would be more convenient or amenable to them, but which can take on and beat Labour.