England emphatically booked their place in the Euro 2022 final at Wembley Stadium this Sunday with a stunning 4-0 semi-final triumph against Sweden. The Lionesses lit up Bramall Lane on Tuesday night and will face Germany or France under the famous arch in their first final since 2009. Bethany Mead opened the scoring on 34 minutes to hand England the lead heading into half-time. After the break, a Lucy Bronze header, remarkable Alessia Russo backheel and Francesca Kirby lob completed a sensational performance. Express Sport provides the player ratings from a magical night for England and an occasion to forget for Sweden. MARY EARPS 8 Her confidence in the opening minutes gave England time to settle into the game. LUCY BRONZE 9 Superb cross for Mead’s goal and fully deserved her goal even if she didn’t believe it. MILLIE BRIGHT 8 So solid at the back, gave herself the extra yard to read the play before intervening. LEAH WILLIAMSON 8 Decision-making bringing the ball out of play was first rate, turning defence into attack. RACHEL DALY 8 Sublime pass in build up to opening goal and defended well in tandem with Williamson. KIERA WALSH 7 Key to England’s chances. Odd occasion she was overwhelmed they were in trouble. GEORGIA STANWAY 8 Fantastic first touch meant transition was instant and often caught Sweden on the hop. BETH MEAD 7 Took her time with her goal and has that habit of being in the right place at the right time. FRAN KIRBY 7 Gamely mucked in with the tackling back at times kept Sweden guessing with her passing. LAUREN HEMP 7 Hit the bar and unsettled Sweden when she got into her stride. Needs belief to do it more. ELLEN WHITE 6 Didn’t come off for her in front of goal but kept offering herself as the target to hit. Lindahl 5; Ilestedt 6 (Andersson 55, 6), Sembrant 6, Eriksson 7, Glas 6; Angeldahl 6 (Seger 51, 6), Björn 6; Jakobsson 6 (Rytting Kanerydat 51, 6), Asllani 7, Rolfö 7; Blackstenius 7 PLAYER OF THE MATCH: LUCY BRONZE - assist, goal and ticket to Wembley REFEREE: Esther Staubli (Switzerland) 6