Former Tottenham Hotspur midfielder Jamie O’Hara has warned Jesse Marsch that he may be facing the sack this season after the club’s decisions in the transfer market. Kalvin Phillips has left for Manchester City while a deal has been agreed to take Raphinha to Barcelona. Marsch’s side have been active in the transfer window and have brought in Brenden Aaronson, Luis Sinisterra, Tyler Adams, Rasmus Kristensen, Marc Roca and Darko Gyabi for just under £100million. But O’Hara believes that the two decisions to let their key men leave and not replace them with Premier League proven players may cost the American coach his job. “I want to talk about Raphinha,” O’Hara told talkSPORT. “He has agreed a move to Barcelona, it’s a good move for him, a top football club, it is a great move for him. He is a very good player. "Leeds now have lost Kalvin Phillips and Raphinha, they are in big trouble. I know Leeds fans are going to come and say ‘No, we are alright we have signed him and him’, they are signing nobodies. They are in big trouble, they have lost star players, their two best players have gone. I think Jesse Marsch is going to get sacked.” JUST IN: Celtic 'preparing bid' for 'frustrated' PSG wonderkid as Postecoglou plots sixth signing The Brazilian winger agreed a move to Barcelona after the Spanish club made a £55m bid for him, while Phillips was allowed to leave for Manchester City for a fee of £45m. The two sales have paved the way for Leeds’ six summer signings so far, with three of their acquisitions coming from Red Bull clubs who have followed coach Marsch to Elland Road. Leeds’ summer business is likely to continue after left-back Junior Firpo picked up an injury that will see him miss the start of the season. Stoke City’s Josh Tymon and Bayern Munich’s Chris Richards have been linked as potential replacements, while they are hoping to beat AC Milan to the signing of Charles de Ketelaere. DON'T MISS...Erik ten Hag has three Man Utd stars 'in contention' for captaincyMan Utd and Arsenal considering £30m swoop for ex-Tottenham starMan Utd meet with Ajax today as Martinez deal enters 'key stage' Marsch has also claimed he is keen to bring in a striker this summer. He said: “We’re hopeful on several [striker] targets and we have our priorities and the conversations have been really good. “So we definitely are going to find one more striker and I think that’ll be important. And then I believe that, with also the consideration at left-back, I feel like once we get a striker we feel like we’ll have a really sound, strong group.” Patrick Bamford spent the majority of last season injured with Daniel James leading the line on several occasions, while youngsters Joe Gelhardt and Sam Greenwood were also given opportunities to play up front as Leeds struggled for goals at times.