Last week, on June 30, new regulations were introduced that required all electric car chargepoints to have a data connection with the ability to measure, record and transmit usage. They must now also be able to delay charging or slow it down during periods of high grid demand. These changes are being made to ease the strain on the National Grid and make sure drivers are getting the best prices when charging. Paul Marshall, CCO and co-founder of Eseye, outlined the benefits of smart charging for drivers, as well as the importance of having those capabilities. An 18-month smart charging study found that flexile-smart charging was the best option, with most drivers charging when the car is more than 50 percent full and only charge around three times a week. Speaking to Express.co.uk, he said: “While we recognise that there seemed to be confusion within the industry, with many fleet managers and individuals unaware of these changes, it should be noted that smart charging offers cost benefits for the consumer. READ MORE: Little-known button at petrol pump that gets the exact amount of fuel “Some fear the new regulations could lead to increased costs to charge their electric vehicle; rumours have circulated that the smart charger separates the electricity they use for their homes from the EV charger. “But the regulations and smart chargers ensure EVs interact as smoothly as possible with the energy system and include the benefit of using cheaper, off-peak energy. “Smart chargers also provide the user with the opportunity to take advantage of green energy sources by allowing the consumer to configure the charger to operate when the grid is using cleaner energy sources. “Thereby, reducing costs and further minimising the user’s environmental impact.” DON'T MISSEU speed limiters to be introduced today despite driver concerns [INSIGHT]Electric police cars are 'running out of puff' and causing 'problems' [SHOCKING]Supermarket 'fuel price wars' over with no incentive to cut costs [WARNING] Any new chargepoint will be pre-configured to avoid charging during peak hours between 8am and 11am and 4pm and 10pm on weekdays. It comes as 44 percent of electric car owners weren’t confident in defining what smart charging actually was, a YouGov poll found. The data also revealed that two-thirds knew that smart charging schedules charges at times when there are more renewables, a lower cost, and less CO2 emissions. Despite this, 30 percent and 35 percent of respondents were unsure about accurately defining smart charging when presented with two correct definitions. Mr Marshall added: “However, to ensure this smooth interaction, smart chargers have integral connectivity requirements. “The new regulations state that all smart chargers must have a data connection that can measure and transmit records so that drivers can view their charging history – validating that consumers can constantly safeguard their energy consumption. “For this to comfortably work, smart charging networks require a reliable, ubiquitous connection to provide data on charging activity and enable the monitoring of energy consumption. “This is not achievable using WiFi as passcodes change, and WiFi services may be interrupted for periods of time. “Additionally, EV charging networks need to successfully provide telemetry data on charging activity. “Cellular networks can prevent problems from occurring by providing dependable connectivity in some of the most remote and challenging locations.” Mr Marshall said it was crucial for charge manufacturers or operators to partner with connectivity specialists. This would benefit drivers and provide them with a reliable 24/7 connection. He said this would ensure customer satisfaction and encourage widespread adoption of electric vehicles across the country.