From today, the Monthly Saver is increasing from two percent to 2.5 percent, with the monthly limit on payments to go up from £125 to £250. The rate on Fixed Rate Bonds will also go up from today, from 0.81 percent to two percent for 12 months, one percent to 2.2 percent for two years, and 1.1 percent to 2.5 percent for three-year accounts. TSB is also upping its Fixed Cash Rate Isa, from 0.81 percent 1.25 percent for 12 months, one percent to 1.5 percent for two years and 1.1 percent 1.9 percent for three-year terms. The Young Saver will increase from 0.75 percent to one percent, for balances of below £20,000. Customers with a Business Banking account are also getting a better rate, from 0.3 percent to 0.55 percent, on balances over £5,000. This last increase came in on June 30.  READ MORE: 'Horror story for savers' as inflation hits 40-year high - 'turned into a runaway train' Peter Hatton, head of savings at TSB, said: “We are always looking to support our customers with competitive products and services that help them manage and grow their money – and today's rate increases will provide another boost to their savings.” New customers can set up a savings account online or in TSB branches, with the exception of the Young Saver, which has to be set up in branch. A new 1.25 percent variable rate is also being brought in today for customers who open savings pots in their Spend and Save or Spend and Save Plus current account. Those Britons who have existing savings pots can transfer their savings into a new pot.  Alternatively, they could also “re-bonus” their existing pots online or in a branch. People looking to set up a Spend and Save Plus account may want to note that there is a monthly account maintenance fee of £3. Bosses at the Bank of England said yesterday that interest rates are likely to go up again in efforts to tackle soaring inflation. Chief economist, Huw Pill, said that interest rates may need to rise at a quicker pace to rein in “uncomfortably high” inflation. The central bank may lift rates by a half point to 1.75 percent in August, from 1.25 percent. This would be the biggest single rise made by the group since it gained independence in 1997. Interest rates have already increased for five months in a row, as inflation has hit 9.1 percent, with many Britons struggling to pay their bills. Sir Jon Cunliffe, deputy governor of the Bank of England for financial stability, faces a difficult balancing act. He said: "We will do whatever is necessary to ensure that as this period of inflation goes through the economy, it does not leave us with a persistent domestically generated inflation problem. "We will act to make sure that doesn’t happen.” He also said: “What we expect is that the cost-of-living squeeze will actually hit people’s spending and that will start to cool the economy.” The Bank said in June that it would “act forcefully” to tackle the threat of long-term high inflation.