Temperatures as high as 40C could be recorded across the UK this week following the first ever red Met Office heat warning. While reaching for an electric fan is the first thought for many of us to stay cool in the warm weather, it can often feel like you’re just moving the hot air around the room instead of making it colder. Turning up the speed is one way to make your electric fan more productive, but there are a few other must-know tricks that are even better to help you beat the heat. If there’s one thing fans are good for, it’s creating an instant breeze - even when the air is stale and humid. However, these low-cost electric appliances are unlikely to have a long-lasting effect on the actual temperature inside your home. In fact, the only time a fan will actually reduce the amount of heat in your home is if the air temperature outside is cooler than the air inside. Water, damp items, and even ice lollies can all be used to cool down the breeze created by a fan, but how can you use them for the best results? READ MORE: Dying man's disgust at new council house's 'unusable' garden Placing a fan in an open window is surprisingly beneficial for those hot humid days, and can even work throughout the night. Though it may sound odd to blast the cool breeze out of your home, it actually increases the amount of cold air entering the room in the first place. You will need to leave internal doors open to create a cross breeze from opposite sides of the house for this to be effective, but it is easy to do. According to Chris Michael, managing director of air treatment company Meaco, this unusual hack works by sucking the stale air out of the room, while drawing fresh air from the other window. Not only does this reduce the temperature inside your home, but also improves the quality of air that is being circulated around your property. Drying clothes indoors can be problematic in the cold winter, but there’s a good reason to do it when the heat of summer sets in. Simply load up a clothes-horse with your clean items and place an electric fan on the floor, facing towards the damp laundry. The water particles act as a cooling aid for the breeze created by your fan while helping to speed up the drying process. This works especially well with bed sheets, towels, and other large items. Ice-pops aren’t just for eating in the hot weather, in fact, they work incredibly well to reduce the temperature of the air given off by electric fans. All you need for this clever TikTok-approved hack is a few frozen ice pops and some elastic hair ties. Feed the ties through the framework of the fan casing to create small loops and attach the ice lollies. This simple trick mimics the effect of an air-conditioning (AC) unit by blasting frosty air - all without the extortionate cost of an actual AC unit. Once the ice pops begin to melt, place them back in the freezer ready to be used again. DON'T MISS:How to keep cool in a heatwave - 5 tips for elderly [ANALYSIS]Avoid eating a popular vegetable as UK temperatures break records [LATEST]How to bath and shower with sunburn - 4 'crucial' tips [INSIGHT] Positioning an electric fan at eye level is great for instant relief on your face, but it will struggle to provide relief to the rest of the room. Instead, keep fans close to the ground to avoid blasting rising heat around your home. Our feet help to control the body's temperature, so keeping them cool with a direct breeze is also more likely to stop you from overheating or swelling up when it’s hot. This method works similarly to the ice lolly hack, using frozen items to create a light mist as the fan blows. All you have to do is freeze an empty one litre plastic bottle, place it on a tray and cover it with a damp cloth. Position the frozen bottle directly in front of the fan so the breeze is cooled from the iced bottle. Your room will benefit from the cooler temperature while blasting a gentle mist of water as the particles melt.