As one of the newest property experts on A Place in the Sun, Leah joined the Channel 4 team during the coronavirus pandemic. The conditions made the already difficult job to find people their dream homes a bit harder, but it seems her efforts didn't go unappreciated. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, she described a message and a history-making gesture from a pair of house hunters which "warmed her heart". Speaking a couple of months ago, Leah explained: "I've done about 15 or 16 shows so far. "And most of my house hunters I keep in touch with, and it's been great! "Just hearing their different journeys, some have lost their houses unexpectedly, which has been really sad. "And I've kept in touch throughout that whole process.  READ MORE: Amanda Owen speaks out on new role ‘Jumped at the chance’ "Others have moved already and are living their best lives. "You know, my first couple renamed their house after me!" The proud presenter added: "It's in Seville. They just sent me a message with a picture on the weekend to say, 'Every time we're here, we just can't believe it and we're so happy with you,' and it's, 'When are you coming to visit?' "So the different stories and journeys that all of the couples have gone through or are going through are so interesting." She continued: "And that's just me! Imagine, there are loads of us and everyone has different house hunters with different stories." Reflecting on the sweet update from her first house hunters, Leah described what the gesture meant to her. "It really, really warms my heart," she explained. "It's so nice because it's a special memory for both of us really. DON'T MISS... 'About to hit me!' A Place in the Sun's Lee Juggurnauth teases guest [LATEST]Amanda Owen jokes kids ‘work’ to put food on the table [VIDEO]Coronation Street theory: Yasmeen Nazir killed as Stu's past uncovered [THEORY] "It's nice that we can still keep in touch and it's amazing that they would name their home after me - somewhere that is so special to them. "And also they do offerings for mental wellbeing retreats as well, in my honour, because the lady who owns it is a therapist. "So it's such a lovely thing, it's very unexpected - nothing that I would never have imagined. "And it's the first time in the history of the show, in 23 years, nobody's ever had things named after them. "So for that to happen in my first show is pretty amazing, that will always be special. "You know, that they keep in touch regularly and send me pictures of what they've done with the place and continue to do. "It's just wonderful, just to know that they're still enjoying it. "It's not just about a home or bricks and water, it's people changing their lives and lifestyles." A Place in the Sun airs weekdays from 4pm on Channel 4.