Which is why the fuel protests – which began in earnest yesterday with “go-slow” demonstrations – are understandable if frustrating, particularly as they come in the wake of train strikes and airport chaos. The price hikes have their reasons, but fuel retailers have not exactly covered themselves in glory, and both the AA and RAC have criticised them for failing to pass on the benefits of falling wholesale costs, which are actually down on the record highs of early June. So instead of testing our limits, retailers should seek to cut prices. The first sally of Business Secretary Kwasi Kwarteng’s review of the fuel market is due on Thursday and is likely to rap their knuckles. Let us hope they listen, lower prices and forestall a difficult summer on our roads. It has been a perfect storm. The pandemic, the war in Ukraine, soaring inflation and the cost-of-living crisis have all coincided to create the toughest conditions for household budgets in years. So it should be welcomed that National Insurance contributions will be reduced, with the changes coming into effect tomorrow – the single-biggest tax cut in a decade. The point at which people will now start paying NI is rising to £12,570, which means that seven in 10 workers will pay less and the lowest paid will not pay NI at all. This is good news for those of us who have been watching their purse strings with increasing anxiety. While the cut will not stop inflation, it will surely ease the burden – and families can check their income with the Government’s online tax tool, launched last week, which by Friday showed 82 per cent of users found they would be saving money. Raising taxation runs against the Conservative grain, and the pandemic splurge and subsequent clawback have been difficult for this Government. But the NI cut shows a clear direction of travel. As Boris Johnson said, this is “an important moment in our mission to ease the burden on households and rebuild our economy.” It ia a small mercy in an unprecedented scenario, and we applaud it. There can not be many top sports stars who travel to work by bicycle. So game, set and eco-match to British tennis ace Cameron Norrie who cycles to practice sessions at the National Tennis Centre club. Today, Norrie, 26, plays his first Wimbledon quarter-final against Belgian David Goffin. He will need those cycling hamstrings, particularly if he gets through. Go “Nozza” – we are right behind you and your humble pushbike.