Steve Wright has quit his BBC Radio 2 show after 23 years. In an emotional on-air statement, the 76-year-old said he was “taking a break from daytime radio” and is being replaced by Scott Mills, 49. "Let me just break off for a moment to make an announcement,” he told listeners today. “I'll try not to become emotional or self indulgent, this is going to be a little bit difficult. "At the end of September, I'll be taking a break from daytime radio. In other words, stepping down from this programme." He continued: "The great news is onwards and upwards. READ MORE: Rafael Nadal's sweary rant after question about his wife Xisca Perello “I'm staying at the BBC and radio to do some very exciting brand new digital projects and developing new podcasts, some of which actually will feature elements of this programme, Steve Wright In The Afternoon. "Anyway, all will become clear in the next few months, because we're staying on this programme until the autumn." He has hosted his much-loved show since 1999, and also presents Steve Wright's Sunday Love Songs on the network. Steve has been credited with introducing the zoo format on British radio.  He is also a well-known face on television, hosting Home Truths, The Steve Wright People Show, Auntie's TV Favourites, Top of the Pops and TOTP2. Meanwhile on the station, Sara Cox’s current 5-7pm show will be extended by one hour, starting from 4pm, giving listeners three hours of music, and an extended All Request Friday each week. And Radio 1 stars Scott Mills and Chris Stark are moving across to Radio 2, hosting a new show from 2-4pm from the autumn. Scott has been presenting on Radio 1 for 24 years, first joining in 1998 as host of the Early Breakfast Show. DON'T MISS...Amanda Owen addresses ‘chaotic’ home life at Ravenseat amid split [UPDATE]Lady Victoria Hervey, 45, goes underwear-free in daring number [INSIGHT]R Kelly sentenced to 30 years in prison for sex abuse crimes [LATEST] Steve’s fans were devastated to hear he was leaving his popular show. Fellow presenter Jane Garvey tweeted: “Anyone else cryin’? @BBCRadio2 #SteveWright”. Kerry replied: "Very sad. Produced smashin' Steve for many years, but very pleased to see Scott get some R2 love." JJ added: "So that’s another that’s been ‘moved on’ then. Classic BBC. All the best Steve Wright. Radio legend."  BBC's Political Editor Chris Mason wrote: "Wishing Steve Wright the very best as he announces his departure from The Big Show @BBCRadio2 just now: radio royalty, a craftsman of the trade, one of our greatest broadcasters, a radio genius #seriousbroadcastin’". Scot penned: "Steve Wright in the afternoon is why we listen to radio 2. His show is the definitive product for the station & as part of our culture as cups of tea or talking about the weather. "Ending his show is a terrible mistake BBC. There goes your audience. #stevewright #radio2 #BBCRadio2". 