Frenkie de Jong has rejected the offer of joining Manchester United, according to reports. The Barcelona star hasn’t hidden his desire to stay at the Nou Camp, rather than jump ship to Old Trafford. And his future remains up in the air at a time where Chelsea are also eyeing the Netherlands international. Manchester United have lost Paul Pogba and Nemanja Matic so far this summer, with the pair choosing to join Juventus and Roma respectively. They’ve since opened talks with Barcelona for De Jong, despite the midfielder making it clear he’d prefer to stay in Catalonia. And Mundo Deportivo say that, despite Erik ten Hag launching a charm offensive, the 25-year-old has ‘rejected’ an offer to move to United this summer. That’s a hammer blow to the Red Devils, who are hellbent on bringing the Netherlands international to the Premier League. With De Jong turning United down, that makes a potential transfer to Old Trafford extremely unlikely. But what does bode well is that news of Chelsea being interested in the midfielder ‘took the player and his entourage by surprise’. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez As far as they’re concerned, the Blues haven’t been in touch about a blockbuster summer deal. The report adds that De Jong is happy in Barcelona, especially after he recently got engaged to long-term partner Mikky Kiemeney. And it’s even claimed they’re ‘about to open a business’ in Pedralbes, which gives the midfielder even more reason to stay. The thought of leaving Barcelona doesn’t even ‘enter De Jong’s mind’ such is his determination to stay and fight for his place. De Jong and his camp are reportedly aware of Barcelona’s intentions to re-negotiate his salary as they look to balance their finances. And all signs presently point to him staying, rather than moving to United. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen If the Red Devils do miss out on a deal, then it will be a hammer blow to Ten Hag given how much he’s pushed for the signing of his compatriot behind the scenes. And it’s the latest worrying development to emerge from United as the start of the new season creeps ever closer. On top of their pursuit of De Jong stalling, they’ve so far failed in bids to land Jurrien Timber and Darwin Nunez. Timber was interested in moving to United but, ahead of the World Cup in Qatar, is reluctant to leave Ajax amid fears over his game time. And Nunez ended up leaving Benfica for Liverpool after the Red Devils made it clear they wouldn’t pay his asking price. As well as De Jong, United are also pushing to recruit Christian Eriksen. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team The Denmark international is a free agent after leaving Brentford, where he clocked up four assists and scored once last term. United have a verbal agreement with the 30-year-old and, unlike De Jong, his move to Old Trafford is expected to go through without a hitch. And they’re also hopeful of landing Lisandro Martinez, who has spent the last three years playing under Ten Hag at Ajax. Regarding De Jong, Wes Brown recently endorsed a move to United for the midfielder. “Yeah I do, I think he’s a quality player who is good on the ball,” he said. “He’s not shy with the ball and we obviously know we’ve had a lot of players leave, especially midfielders in general. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. “Whether they were getting to the end, a bit older, but there’s been quite a lot gone. “So we’re pretty thin there. Midfield is definitely a signing that we need and De Jong, I think, would fit the bill very nicely.” But Brown also feels United need other reinforcements, too. “Four have gone and I’d say Mata and Matic were getting a little bit older, that can’t replace the experience and the quality that they have,” he said. “Ultimately when you get older it’s the legs that go, which everybody completely understands. But we need quality in midfield, and De Jong is a quality player. “An experienced player.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here