Meghan Markle is set to join her husband Prince Harry on an important trip to New York next week. The Prince will address an informal gathering of the United Nations General Assembly on Monday, which is Nelson Mandela Day. It will mark the Duke and Duchess of Sussex’s first joint public appearance since the Platinum Jubilee last month, where they maintained a low profile at the wishes of the Queen. Meghan and Harry announced they were stepping down from their senior positions within the Firm in January 2020. They have since forged new lives and careers away from the royal fold.And it appears that Meghan is returning to the life she knew before marrying Harry, as the Duchess recently voiced her views on the US Supreme Court’s decision to overturn the 1973 Roe v Wade ruling.In conversation with Gloria Steinhem for Vogue magazine, Meghan urged people who are scared about the negative impact of the decision to "channel that fear into action" and vote in the midterms elections in November.Meghan has long been a champion for human rights and a fighter against injustice. She has been a UN ambassador for Gender Equality and Empowerment of Women and a supporter of World Vision’s Clear Water Campaign. READ MORE: Prince Harry 'unable to let go of past' despite new life with 'whopping mansion' But that was just in her spare time. One entry detailed Meghan’s recurring New Year’s resolutions, which included attempting to stop biting her nails, run a marathon and re-learn French. But the former Hollywood actress also revealed that she “starts swearing” after a “couple of drinks”.On New Year’s Day 2016, Meghan wrote: “Run a marathon. Stop biting my nails. Stop swearing. Re-learn French. “These make my New Year’s resolution list nearly (AKA actually every) single year.“The marathon hasn’t happened. The swearing comes in lulls triggered by being overworked or feeling mighty cheeky after a couple drinks.”The Duchess then deemed the habit “unladylike,” but when on to say she would not be setting any resolutions for the upcoming year. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan and Harry row over announcement [LIVE] Royal POLL: Should Prince Andrew continue to push for royal return? [VOTE] Sophie Wessex's popularity plummets in latest Royal Family poll [REVEAL] She wrote: “This year I resolve to not have a resolution. If I can’t run a marathon, that’s okay. (I’m getting older – my knees are bothering me.)“If it takes me a couple more years to lock down that French tutor and nail the language j’adore oh so much, that’s cool too.“My nails will be fine, and if I toss out a four letter word once in a blue moon, well frankly I think it adds character.“For this new year, the only thing I aim to do is to approach life playfully. To laugh and enjoy, to keep my standards high but my level of self-acceptance higher.” Just seven months later, during the summer of 2016, Meghan was set up on a blind date with her future husband.Having been introduced by a mutual friend, Meghan and Harry began dating in secret.It wasn’t until a few months later that the media got wind of the Prince’s new girlfriend, and the American actress got put into the glare of the public eye.By April the following year, Meghan had shut down her website. Sharing a message on the homepage, addressed to her 'Tig friends', Meghan wrote: “After close to three beautiful years on this adventure with you, it's time to say goodbye to The Tig.” Shortly after, the Sussexes announced their engagement to the world. Since Meghan and Harry no longer have to live under the strict protocol of the Royal Family, there has been talk that the Duchess may bring back The Tig.Back in February, the United States Patent and Trademark Office website showed the trademark was filed by Markle’s lawyer, Marjorie Witter Norman. However, there might have been a slight error in the application process at first. The Daily Mail reported that Meghan initially failed to sign the document when it was submitted back in July 2021 — so as a result, the application was previously denied. The US Patent and Trademark Office then reportedly informed the Duchess that she'd have to wait six months before applying again. Meghan has not made any sort of indication that she plans to relaunch the website. But the Duchess is expected to release some content as it was announced earlier this year that she would be launching her new podcast ‘Archetypes’ this summer.