These include “I don’t want to see any more pictures of your dog”, “eat with your mouth closed”, and “why haven’t you messaged me back?” Despite their reluctance to share their inner thoughts, more than half (57 percent) believe the world would be a better place if people told others what they really think. But nearly three-quarters (73 percent) admit the occasions when they have revealed their honest views have left them riddled with anxiety. The research was commissioned to mark the launch of Dark Maltesers – which has also unveiled a selection of “confession cakes”, to be sold at the “Honesty Baked In bakery” in London, on August 3rd. The limited-edition treats will feature iced messages of thoughts many would love to say out loud – such as “I’ve got the ick”, “I’m not busy, I just don’t want to come”, and “I borrowed your clothes without asking”. A spokesman for Dark Maltesers said: “Being an honest person is of course considered to be the right way to be. “But in practice in can be harder than you think – so to make sharing your opinions a little easier, we’ve come up with “confession cakes”. “It’s our way of making hearing the truth a little bit easier to swallow – literally.” The study also found more than three-quarters (77 percent) of those polled think they’re convincing when they avoid sharing their honest opinions. Such scenarios include telling your hairdresser you like your new trim when you don’t, and complimenting the chef on a meal you didn’t actually enjoy. And nearly half (49 percent) have become so accomplished at appearing to genuinely mean what they say in circumstances like these, that they feel they deserve an Oscar. But this reluctance to be more forthright appears to be frustrating – as one in five (21 percent) wish they had the confidence to readily say what they truly think. However, over half (56 percent) of those polled claim they prefer people to say what they genuinely feel. And 73 percent are of the opinion sometimes you need to hear the truth – even if it’s hard to hear it. The research, carried out through OnePoll, found more than a quarter (28 percent) admit they actually feel better in themselves when they’re honest with others. The spokesman for Dark Maltesers added: “Sometimes keeping your opinion to yourself can cause problems in the long term – and carrying your true thoughts with you can be quite the burden. “So, we’re keen to encourage adults to free themselves of these shackles, and not be afraid to be more honest.”