Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola has warned Liverpool that Erling Haaland is fit and ready to play in the Community Shield at Wembley. The Norwegian is set to make his first competitive appearance for City at Wembley. City signed Haaland from Borussia Dortmund early in the transfer window in a mega-money deal. He played and scored in the friendly win over Bayern Munich last Sunday to give supporters a glimpse of what they can expect this season. Liverpool are likely to be contenders with City again for the Premier League title. And Guardiola insists his new frontman is set to make an immediate impact on Saturday. He said: "He's ready to play. And the first impression as a guy is really good. He's a funny guy. He's settled really well with the team and that is important. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd De Jong boost, Chelsea 'submit bid', Arsenal exit confirmed   "The good vibes in the locker room is more important than any advice or any other thing you can say. We try to get to know each other in training, we can see what we want to do and what we did in previous seasons. His quality will do the rest." Haaland scored a stunning 86 goals in 89 appearances for Dortmund. But Guardiola insists his team cannot expect the 22-year-old to do it all himself. He added: "If we make good football, respect the process like we know, create a lot of chances, put the ball close to the box, we know that Erling has this incredible talent to score goals. But he will not do it alone. "We have to help him, and the way to help him is to make good processes, offensively and defensively, bring the most amount of chances close to the box. And after we have the feeling that he will score. DON'T MISSMan Utd have potential deal thrown off the table after links labelled 'fake'Erik ten Hag drops three Man Utd stars from Atletico trip after Fletcher meetingMan Utd could be about to sign another Radamel Falcao and Carlos Tevez  "But if we play no good, if we play bad, he will not score goals that's for sure. I don't like strikers waiting in the box to score a goal, even for them it is boring. "If you ask them, they want to touch the ball, they want to play and that is what we have to do. And after they have the special sense, smell, quality to score a goal. "They will do the rest. I can't teach them to score goals, they know what they have to do as a team, to create, to produce the amount of moments close to the box to score goals." 