Pensioners are the most likely group of Britons to be missing out on benefits from the DWP, according to Age UK. Approximately 3.4million people who have reached state pension age are missing out on Attendance Allowance alone. Attendance Allowance is paid to people who have reached state pension age if they have a disability or health condition. Exactly how much someone receives depends on how their condition affects them and is determined by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). However, it can be worth up to £370 a month. Successful claimants must have needed help for at least six months unless they are terminally ill. READ MORE: 10 ways to make money after retirement - earn up to £250 a day Some 56 health conditions mean Britons automatically qualify for Attendance Allowance including arthritis and back pain. Other conditions like asthma, epilepsy and learning difficulties should also mean people qualify for this extra help. Pensioners don’t need to have a full time carer to qualify for this DWP benefit. While some Britons are put off applying, they can ask Age UK for hep filling in the Attendance Allowance claim form. DON'T MISS:Slash your daily costs by £25 with ‘easy steps’ to save money [INSIGHT]Santander issues scam warning for 'dodgy' texts [wARNING]PIP claimants need to report changes or get taken to court [ALERT]NHS prescription costs: Britons could be making big savings [UPDATE] Attendance Allowance is paid at two different rates and how much someone receives depends on the level of care needed. Britons could get £61.85 or £92.40 a week to help with personal support if they’re both:  Attendance Allowance applicants should remember to: As well as Attendance Allowance another hugely underclaimed benefit is Pension Credit which could be worth around £3,000 a year. It is thought nearly one million pensioners aren’t claiming this despite the fact they are entitled to it. Britons can conduct a benefits check by using the benefits calculator on the Age UK website. Or they can speak to an adviser if they prefer by calling 0800 678 1602. READ MORE: 10 ways to make money after retirement - earn up to £250 a day