The Met Office extended its amber weather warning for July 17 to last until Monday as temperatures are set to hit mid-thirties. The Met Office warned that “exceptionally high temperatures are possible during Sunday and Monday and could lead to widespread impacts on people and infrastructure”. The weather alert is in force from midnight on Sunday until 23:59 on Monday for the majority of England and parts of Wales. Areas affected by the warning include the East Midlands, South West England, London and South East England and Yorkshire and Humber. BBC meteorologist Darren Bett said: “It’s into the weekend that things really start to warm up not so much for Scotland and Northern Ireland and the far north of England, temperatures typically into the mid-twenties. “But for many other parts of England and into Wales we are going to find some extremely high temperatures developing over the weekend and into the start of next week.” Mr Bett added: “We’ve got the extreme heat warning from the Met Office so in the strong sunshine those temperatures will really be shooting up. “We’ve got 36C in London, temperatures could even get higher than that.” Met Office forecasters have said that some models have suggested high temperatures around 40C, though it has “low probability”. According to the Met Office, adverse health effects are expected across the affected area especially with those who are vulnerable which may lead to danger to life. READ MORE: Boris Johnson urged to remain in office: ‘Longer he stays the better’ It is also expected that there will be more water safety incidents as a result of more people trying to cool off along with travel disruptions including delays and road closures due to a risk of the roads melting. The heatwave plan states that a level 4 alert scenario means “road surfaces are susceptible to melting” which may cause severe travel disruption and have “potentially serious consequences for those stranded in vehicles.” Those in the affected areas have been advised to stay out of the sun, to cover windows and to take care of the elderly and vulnerable. The public have been warned to keep children out of the heat for prolonged hours, to avoid physical exertion outside and to ensure they wear a high factor sun cream. DON'T MISS: Tory leadership LIVE: Party handed General Election lifeline  (INSIGHT)Truss SAFE in Tory leadership contest but seven hopefuls face wipe out (REVEAL)'Likely to beat Rishi' David Davis gives his verdict on his backing (COMMENT) Downing Street announced that officials are drawing up emergency plans for extreme heat and will be discussing the situation with the NHS, councils and transport networks. A spokesperson for the Prime Minister said: “We continue to monitor the results of the heatwave. “There is a significant work going on across Government in making sure those who are the most vulnerable to high temperatures are looked after."