Elon Musk, 51, took to Twitter on Sunday and blasted reports as "total bs". The tech entrepreneur reacted to an article that claimed an alleged affair between the Tesla founder and Nicole Shanahan led to her divorce from the Google co-founder, Sergey Brin - allegations which have been vehemently denied. Mr Musk's comments came after the Wall Street Journal reported that his friendship with Mr Brin had ended over the alleged affair. Replying to a link to the story posted on Twitter, Mr Musk referred to the report as "total bs". He went on to say that he is still friends with Mr Brin and that they were "at a party together last night!" The publication claimed Mr Musk was engaged in a brief affair late last year with Ms Shanahan. READ MORE: Geena Davis' 'upsetting' divorce from Jeff Goldblum detailed This prompted Mr Brin to file for divorce earlier this year, ending the long friendship between the two high-profile technology billionaires, the paper also said. In view of his 102 million followers, he penned: "This is total bs. Sergey and I are friends and were at a party together last night! "I’ve only seen Nicole twice in three years, both times with many other people around. Nothing romantic." In a follow-up tweet, he commented: "Haven't even had sex in ages (sigh)."  At the time of the alleged affair in December, Mr Brin and his wife were separated but still living together, the Wall Street Journal said, citing a person close to Ms Shanahan. In a separate tweet, Mr Musk said "WSJ [Wall Street Journal] has run so many bs hit pieces on me and Tesla I've lost count." "WSJ has run so many bs hit pieces on me and Tesla I’ve lost count! It’s embarrassing for them, frankly." Musk also urged his followers to call out the press. DON'T MISS... Sharon Stone, 64, leaves little to the imagination in racy topless pic[LATEST]James Martin and partner Louise Davies in rare sighting[PICTURES]Geena Davis' 'upsetting' divorce from Jeff Goldblum detailed[HOLLYWOOD] "WSJ is supposed to have a high standard for journalism and, right now, they are way sub tabloid. WSJ should be running stories that actually matter to their readers and have solid factual basis, not third-party random hearsay," he added. Mr Brin, the eighth richest man in the world with a net worth of $95billion, to file for divorce in January. He cited "irreconcilable differences" as the reason, but The Wall Street Journal on Sunday reported that it was Musk's dalliance with Nicole that signaled the end of their marriage. Even though they have a prenuptial agreement, Mr Brin and Ms Shanahan are currently negotiating a divorce settlement, which could be as much as $1bn (£830m), the paper said. Ms Shanahan is a California-based attorney and founder of legal technology company ClearAccessIP and the Bia-Echo Foundation, according to her LinkedIn profile. The Bia-Echo Foundation is a philanthropic organisation that promotes "reproductive longevity & equality, criminal justice reform and a healthy & livable planet". Mr Musk, who is also the boss of rocket firm SpaceX, is currently embroiled in a legal fight over his abandoned plan to buy Twitter for $44bn. Earlier this month, the social media platform sued him after he announced he was walking away from his proposed takeover of the firm.