The Duke of Sussex has been working on a "tell-all" autobiography with the help of ghostwriter JR Moehringer, a Pulitzer Prize-winning author, since 2020. Details of a potential publication date for the book have now emerged. A publishing source said: "The manuscript has been finished and gone through all of the legal processes. "It's done and out of Harry's hands. "The publishing date has been pushed back once but it is on track for the end of the year." Harry's publishers, Penguin Random House, are now trying to get the memoir out for the Thanksgiving and Christmas market in the United States, the source told the Sun. READ MORE: Queen ‘can't do without’ devoted servants whose friendship kept her company during Covid According to the outlet, Mr Moehringer likely completed the manuscript earlier in the summer. Prince Harry first revealed he was writing a book in July 2021, confirming the memoir would touch upon the "experiences, adventures, losses, and life lessons that have helped shape him" over the past four decades. Saying he was speaking "not as the prince I was born but as the man I have become", he promised to unpack the "highs and lows, the mistakes, the lessons learned" as a member of the Royal Family. Penguin Random House said at the time: "In an intimate and heartfelt memoir from one of the most fascinating and influential global figures of our time, Prince Harry will share, for the very first time, the definitive account of the experiences, adventures, losses, and life lessons that have helped shape him. "Covering his lifetime in the public eye from childhood to the present day, including his dedication to service, the military duty that twice took him to the frontlines of Afghanistan, and the joy he has found in being a husband and father, Prince Harry will offer an honest and captivating personal portrait, one that shows readers that behind everything they think they know lies an inspiring, courageous and uplifting human story." The fresh hint as to when the memoir might make it to stores followed widespread speculation that the work's publishing date had been pushed back after royal insiders were surprised that the book does not feature on a list of the publisher's upcoming releases. DON'T MISSBuckingham Palace urged to open all year round to pay for £369m refurbishment [INSIGHT]Should Boris Johnson be given a cabinet position under new PM? [POLL]Defiant Ukraine vow to recapture and ‘liberate’ Kherson by September [REPORT] The as yet untitled memoir, whose content could bring further headaches to the Firm, had initially been pencilled in for an autumn 2022 launch. A royal insider said: "If this book's coming out this year as originally planned it should be in the publisher’s marketing and promotional list – unless they're planning a surprise or there's been a delay. "Its omission has raised lots of eyebrows in royal circles." A spokeswoman for Transworld, part of Penguin Random House, said: "We don't put every book on the list so there is nothing to be extrapolated from that." Separately, a new book on Prince Harry and his wife Meghan's relationship with the Royal Family by respected biographer Tom Bower saw the light last week. Published on Thursday, it carries the title Revenge: Meghan, Harry and the war between the Windsors. It features bombshell interviews about the couple, who moved to the US in 2020 after stepping back from their royal duties in search of a life away from the spotlight.