Whether it's the footsteps of your opponent, or the distant sound of a bullet leaving a gun, the ability to correctly identify individual sounds - and judge their distance and direction - is a crucial component of online, competitive gaming. It's so important that companies have started to research the science behind the sound, all in a bid to give gamers the competitive edge. This includes headphone manufacturer EPOS, whose BrainAdapt technology has become a key part of the design process. According to EPOS director of technology Torben Christiansen, the brain processes audio in three stages. "At EPOS, we have spent over a decade of research examining how to improve your brain’s listening capabilities with an approach we call EPOS BrainAdapt," Christiansen explains. "We now know that our brain processes audio in three stages – 'orient', where we determine the direction from which the sound has come, 'focus', to separate out the important sound from background noise, and finally 'recognise', the process of interpreting the sounds we’re actively listening to." Needless to say, EPOS has tried to incorporate these stages into its products, beginning with how volume is balanced in each ear. "Directional audio cues need to be clear and precise, so we know balancing the volume in each ear precisely depending on the player’s facing in game is vital. "If the levels are unbalanced, the brain will need to work overtime interpreting inaccurate audio cues." Sound levels are further tweaked to help users pick out the important sounds, such as the direction of bullets and footsteps. "Even more significantly, competitive gamers need to be able to hear the sound cues that are most important – like player footsteps – with absolute clarity and natural sounding timbre. "The quicker the player’s brain orients, focuses and interprets the sound it hears, the faster the player’s reaction times will be and the better their performance." The final piece of the puzzle is the microphone, which needs to be optimally positioned and finely-tuned to improve communication. "In the heat of battle, the brain needs to be able to focus effortlessly on team communication – never straining to hear who is speaking, or what they are saying. "EPOS uses high quality microphones, positioned optimally, and tuned to capture each team member’s unique voiceprint accurately and clearly. The more natural your team-mates’ voices, the lower the load on your brain – just as it would be if you were talking in the same room together." Express Online will put the science to the test, and return with a review of the EPOS H3 Pro Wireless Headphones in the coming weeks. In the meantime, you can check out the range of EPOS headphones at Currys, where prices start at £64.99.