Nick Thomas-Symonds was tested on his party's commitment to NATO and the UK's defence pacts after Prime Minister Boris Johnson committed to increasing defence spending to 2.5 percent of gross domestic product by the end of the decade. LBC presenter Iain Dale was quick to point out to the Shadow International Trade Secretary that his former party leader Jeremy Corbyn "would have probably wanted Britain to pull out of NATO." Mr Dale asked the Shadow International Trade Secretary: "Do you commit to 2.5 percent of GDP being spent on defence by 2030, which is what the Government has now committed itself to?" "We've been clear that when the government comes forward with proposals like that we stand alongside, there's a cross-party consensus in terms of that and what we wouldn't be doing, by the way, is cutting back the capacity of our army, which is what the government is proposing to do," replied Mr Thomas-Symonds. "Together with our unshakeable commitment to NATO, which is absolutely vital, and you saw in the new things that were going on in recent days, our welcoming of the new members of NATO, which David Lammy made clear in the Commons." Mr Dale questioned: "Is it that unshakeable when a former leader wants to leave NATO?" "Well, it is unshakable and even in recent years, I have never stood on a Labour manifesto that did not include a commitment to NATO," responded Mr Thomas-Symonds. "You know as well as I did in 2017 and 2019, the leader of the Labour Party was anti-NATO," said Mr Dale. "Now he didn't publicly declare that he wanted to leave NATO, you can hit that back with that if you want, but you know exactly what his real views were and yet you were quite happy to stand on that election manifesto with him." Mr Thomas-Symonds replied: "The manifesto was a commitment to NATO, the parliamentary party that was elected in both cases overwhelmingly were supporters of NATO and let's not forget either NATO is a labour creation, it's a proud creation of the post-war Labour government that actually bequeath that security apparatus to us."  The LBC presenter asked: "Prime Minister Jeremy Corbyn would have probably wanted Britain to pull out of NATO, wouldn't he?" "There was no way that a parliamentary Labour Party would ever have allowed that to happen," answered the Labour shadow minister. "Maybe they allowed a lot of other things to happen under his leadership," snapped back Mr Dale. It comes as a former Navy chief has warned military spending is needed now given the danger of a world war "at very short notice." DON'T MISS: Boris Johnson - it’s time for you to stand down, says Roy Daniels [OPINION] Will there be a general election? Boris on brink [INSIGHT] Prince Charles' tense meeting with Boris Johnson: 'No respect!' [REVEAL]  The immediate need for defence funding was stressed by Lord West of Spithead as he tackled the Government at Westminster. The comments by the Labour former security minister follow last week's Nato summit in Madrid where Boris Johnson promised a further £55 billion in military spending over the rest of the decade in response to the threat posed by Vladimir Putin's Russia. The Prime Minister committed Britain to increasing defence spending to 2.5 percentof gross domestic product (GDP), a measure of the size of the economy, by the end of the decade and encouraged allies to boost their own military budgets. Mr Johnson committed to the rise after public lobbying from Cabinet ministers Ben Wallace and Liz Truss.