Only Fools and Horses kept the nation laughing for over 20 years as fans got to see the mishaps of two Peckham siblings trying to get rich by buying and selling almost anything. Although Del Boy Trotter (played by David Jason) was known as the happy-go-lucky, cheeky brother, that wasn’t always the case.   A Christmas special shown in 1986 called A Royal Flush, followed younger brother Rodney (Nicholas Lyndhurst) befriending the daughter of a duke. Wanting to make the right impression when they mix with high society, Del attempts to help him but fails miserably. The episode, which ended up being banned for nearly 20 years, was finished just hours before it went live and featured no audience laughter. Once it aired John Sullivan, the creator of the series, admitted he “hated it” as certain parts made Del Boy look completely out of character.     One scene saw the Trotter brother cruelly belittle Rodney in front of guests with another section showing audience members getting annoyed with him for getting in their way at the opera. Del even angrily threatens one man during the scene as he says: “I am gonna come down there and smack you in the eye.” John then decided the episode should never be repeated, which was the case until 2005 when he allowed it to be released on DVD. However, it has since undergone major editing from the original broadcast.     The new version features audience laughter embedded so the harsher moments seem softer. While other scenes were cut out completely from the new edit. Ahead of the Channel 5 documentary Secrets of Only Fools and Horses, which airs on July 22, editor Chris Wadsworth spoke about the banned episode. He said: “It’s quite a cruel dark episode. John said, ‘This is not a good episode’."     Chris continued: “Some 20 years later he said, ‘Can we do anything to take out Del being nasty?” “The episode was shown to an audience to get a laughter track but I don’t think we succeeded completely.” TV producer Richard Latto also touched on the episode as he admitted the scene with Del Boy being cruel to Rodney was hard to watch.     Another episode in the sitcom once resulted in Uncle Albert (Buster Merryfield) feeling rather nauseous. In 2017, actress Tessa Peake-Jones, who played Raquel, said in an interview it happened during the preparation for her birth scene. She said: “We'd just had breakfast, and there was Buster, Nick, David and myself, and the director Tony (Dow) and all the stage crew, and they played this film which was exceedingly graphic of this very brave woman agreeing to let the cameras film her, with the blood and afterbirth and her agony. "Anyway, at the end of it, Buster turned around to all of us and said, 'I feel really sick now'." Only Fools and Horses: Secrets and Scandals airs on July 22 on Channel 5 at 9pm  