Aphids can cause widespread devastation in a garden, despite their minuscule size. The pests vary in colour and are sap-sucking insects. Signs that your plants have aphids include yellowing leaves, wilting and curling leaves. Aphids can attract other pests like ants which can cause even more havoc. Aphids reproduce quickly so it’s best to spray them as soon as possible. Now, founder of GardeningExpress Chris Bonnett has shared his go-to washing up liquid hack for ousting aphids. He exclusively told Express.co.uk how the hack works. READ MORE: ‘The best way’ to clean patios for 29p - ‘removes stains and weeds’ He said: “You want to just get a spray bottle, like an old kitchen cleaner spray bottle, rinse it all out. “Then, put some washing up liquid in there with water and spray that over the plant. “That will basically suffocate the aphids. “Avoid doing it when it’s bright and sunny.  DON'T MISSPlants to ‘avoid’ growing beside each other - ‘very bad idea!’ [INSIGHT]When to plant grass seed - benefits of seasonal sowing [UPDATE]‘Most effective’ lawn task to stimulate ‘stronger’ grass growth [ANALYSIS] “You probably want to do that in the evening so the plant can dry out early. “Or first thing in the morning, not when the scorching hot sun is on the plant.” It’s best to spray insects early in the morning or in the evening as this tends to be when they’re most active. Another way to keep aphids at bay is inspecting plants regularly. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea The small pests like to hide under leaves and within certain crops like lettuce and broccoli. Checking regularly and spraying when necessary will help keep them under control. Gardeners should also avoid over-fertilising plants as this will lead to new growth which aphids love. Aphids particularly like young, tender plants so ensure fertiliser is applied either all at once or in smaller amounts over the season.  Hot, dry weather is a susceptible time for aphids infestations. Stressed plants during droughts are more defenceless which means they can’t produce the chemicals they need to fend off pests. Droughts can also increase the quality of the plant sap which aphids prefer. Avoid under-watering in hot weather so plants can boost their own defences.