During hot and dry weather, flowers and plants need plenty of water. Water is a lifeline for plants, it’s how they access nutrients and helps them photosynthesise. Plants are made up of around 80 to 95 percent water and need water to cool as well as to transport minerals from the soil. This is why it’s necessary to have a regular watering routine in place. Now, Morris Hankinson, managing director of Hopes Grove Nurseries, has shared his tips for watering plants in a heatwave. Morris said plants will have more time to absorb water through their roots in the evening. READ MORE: Natural ‘perfect’ items to unblock kitchen sinks for ‘optimal results’ The cooler weather and lack of sunlight means the water won’t evaporate first. The gardening expert said bigger plants and new shrubs/hedges need a “good drench” once or twice week rather than a splash everyday. He added: “Get the water right down to the roots rather than just on the surface.” DON'T MISSBoris Johnson: Where he may live with Carrie and children [INSIGHT]How to clean shower door using 'household items' - 'best way' [UPDATE]How to ‘instantly revive’ plants damaged during hot weather [ANALYSIS] Weeds will compete with other plants for water and nutrients. Morris said: “Natures opportunists always move quickly and take all the goodness, especially when it’s hot. “They are hardwired to survive and will starve your plants of water and nutrients.” Watering the leaves during the day could cause them to “scorch”. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea  Plus, most the water will evaporate before it can do any good. Mulching beds and containers will help keep roots cool as well as retaining moisture. Mulch can be made from many different materials from bark chips to coir, even old newspapers, straw or lawn mowings. The gardening expert added: “Climbers like clematis or passionflowers will even thank you for a paving slab covering their roots!” Bath water can be used to water the garden.   It doesn’t matter if it looks murky as there’s likely to be some more nutrients in it. Sink a flowerpot next to plants to help water the plant. Morris explained: “This will help the water you apply sink down to the roots instead of evaporating on the surface. “Use a saucer on containers to make the most of any water that runs out of the bottom.”