Senior Tory backbencher Sir Charles Walker has revealed in an interview with the Guardian that he and other MPs want to stop party members from being allowed to decide the leader after MPs whittle it down to a final two. The intervention has come as a campaign to Boris Johnson’s name back on the ballot for members has continued to gain momentum with more than 12,000 signatures on a petition demanding members are given the chance to restore him as leader. The episode has brought back memories of the way party members were allegedly dismissed as "swivel eyed loons" by David Cameron friend and party ally Lord Feldman in 2013 which he denied. It was followed by constituencies having many of their powers to select candidates removed which many believe has widened the gulf between MPs and ordinary party members making Parliamentarians less representative of Conservatism. Sir Charles, a former longstanding vice-chair of the 1922 Committee, which oversees the rules for internal party no-confidence votes and leadership elections, insisted that the contest "should have got nowhere near" the 180,000 Tory grassroots activists. He went on: "It’s a view shared by many of my colleagues privately who wouldn’t dare say it publicly. "MPs should be left to pick party leaders because we know the strength and weaknesses of the candidate far better than the membership because we serve and work with them every day in Westminster." But his revelation of the secret plot to exclude members has sparked outrage. Former MEP David Campbell Bannerman, a founder member of the Campaign for Conservative Democracy and major support of the Put Boris on the Ballot petition, said it was the 1922 Committee, now chaired by Sir Graham Brady, which has had its day 100 years after it was founded. He told Express.co.uk: "I like Charles Walker but this is I’m afraid an utter disgrace and a slap in the face of ordinary members. Membership is already falling badly as members are too often ignored and sidelined. "To deny them the choice of a future Leader is the ultimate insult. What is the point of joining the party when members are not only not being listened to but are being increasingly sidelined. "The Boris Ballot petition feels like Brexit in feel of democrats reasserting their right to be included. Am shocked at the arrogance and contempt." READ MORE: Boris petition tops 12,000 as Tory members rapidly turn on MPs He added: "Maybe after 100 years of existence the 1922 Committee itself needs to look hard at its role in future selections." The 1922 Committee was founded to bring an end to David Lloyd-George’s Premiership and the Conservative/Liberal coalition. It marked its century by ending Boris Johnson’s Premiership and has been at the centre of intrigue around the leadership of David Cameron, Theresa May and Mr Johnson for the last 12 years of Tory government with a stream of stories about Tory MPs submitting letters to Sir Graham demanding a formal vote of confidence in their leaders. Mr Campbell Bannerman’s reaction comes amid fury among party members over the way that Mr Johnson was cast out by a handful of MPs despite winning a mandate from two thirds of the party in 2019 and then 14 million people in the following election. DON'T MISS Have Your Say: Do you think Rishi Sunak would be good PM? [REACT] Farage urges MPs to follow Macron and scrap the TV licence fee [REVEAL] Leadership contest has left Tories with toxic divide [INSIGHT] There have also been alarm over the tactics and games played by Conservative MPs over the years in trying to narrow down the final two for members. In 2001, MP votes were moved to prevent Michael Portillo getting into the final two, then in 2004 an MP coup removed Iain Duncan Smith and replaced him with Michael Howard without a contest. In 2019, supporters of Mr Johnson moved votes to prevent Michael Gove getting into the final two. It was claimed in this election, supporters of Rishi Sunak were manipulating votes and there were even allegations that Kemi Badenoch, who briefly set the contest alight, was run by Mr Gove as a spoiler candidate to split the right, although this was denied by Mr Gove and Ms Badenoch. Prior to 2001, Tory members did not get a vote and the leader was picked by MPs. That system was introduced in 1965 with the election of Sir Edward Heath and prior to that the leader had been picked by the so-called Magic Circle, a secretive group of senior Tories. Infamously, this group led then by Lord Halifax tried and failed to stop Winston Churchill becoming Prime Minister in 1940 at Britain’s darkest hour. The decision to allow members to have a say on the final two came as a result of lingering anger from members over the way Margaret Thatcher was removed by MPs in 1990 despite still having overwhelming support of party members. The Campaign for Conservative Democracy has proposed that not only the leader should be chosen by members but also the chairman.