Jake Paul's trainer, BJ Flores, has hinted at an ‘unbelievable’ replacement for Tommy Fury if the Brit is unable to sort out his travel issues ahead of the fight. Paul and Fury are set to square off at Madison Square Garden, New York City on August 6 but the fight is now in doubt after the Brit was prevented from boarding his flight to the US ahead of the pair’s press conference last week. According to Paul, Fury still hasn’t visited the embassy and the YouTube star’s patience is growing thin. In a recent tweet, ‘The Problem Child’ set ‘TNT’ a deadline of Wednesday morning to ‘come out of hiding’ before he explored other options – with three opponents lined up to replace Tyson Fury’s brother. He wrote: “Tommy is officially out by Wednesday morning if he doesn’t go to the embassy / come out of hiding. 3 other opponents lined up. I’m built different.” Now, Paul’s trainer, Flores, has teased a replacement that will excite fans. Taking to social media the former cruiserweight contender wrote: "Nobody is going to believe who is coming next.” Before the fight with Fury was agreed, Paul had been rumoured to be in talks to face a number of UFC fighters and Mike Tyson. If Paul vs Fury falls through again, it will be the second time in less than a year. The pair were set to face off last December, but Fury was forced to pull out of the contest after sustaining a rib injury and bacterial infection in camp. Despite a Homeland Security officer insisting that Fury knows why he was unable to travel to the US, the Brit denies any wrongdoing. He said: “Me and my team arrived this morning at Heathrow Airport. Ready for the press conference. Ready to fly out. And as soon as I entered the airport, I got pulled to one side and I was told by a Homeland security officer that was there that my ESTA had been denied and I wasn't able to travel to the USA for a reason that I apparently know. MORE BOXING NEWS... Eddie Hearn unmasks four rival promoters trying to ‘sabotage’ US plans Mike Tyson reveals how he blew colossal $500m career earnings Joshua shows off blistering hand speed in warning to Usyk  "I can stand here and say I've done absolutely nothing wrong, and I have no clue why I am not allowed to travel to the USA. Like I say, I've been training for a fight this whole time and that's all I've been doing. “I have no clue why they would not allow me to travel today. Neither does any of my team, or my lawyers. So now I'm having to go to the Embassies and all this kind of stuff to try and resolve it. And I'm in the middle of training guys. I don't know why this has happened. This is a massive shock to me and my whole team.”