It comes as a royal expert claimed Harry’s bond with his nephew “suffered” as a result of his fallout with his brother Prince William after he decided to step down from his role as a senior royal in 2020. According to royal expert Christine-Marie Liwag, Harry was known as the “fun uncle” to Prince George, nine, Princess Charlotte, seven, and Prince Louis, four. Speaking to OK, she said: “There's nothing more fun than being an aunt or uncle.  “It certainly seemed like Prince Harry embraced the role of fun uncle. An inside source told the Daily Mail that Kate and Harry really bonded over his 'free and easy' spirit. “And his attitude came in handy when playing with her kids. “The source shared, '[Kate] adores the way Harry plays with her children'. He is very good with them, a charming big kid and silly uncle'.” But Ms Liwag claimed Harry’s relationship with his niece and nephews suffered as a result of the fallout from his move to California with wife, Meghan Markle. READ MORE: Meghan 'DID' make Kate cry during bridesmaids dress row  She added: “But, as you can imagine, things went downhill pretty quickly. And given the rift between Harry and William, Harry's role as an uncle suffered.” And fans have taken to Twitter to rip into fans the Duchess of Sussex for causing the “rift” between Harry and the rest of his family on George’s special day. One user, @phred_pharm, wrote: “Just waiting for Megan Markle to say something negative about his royal highness Prince George.” Another added: “I wouldn’t put anything past Meghan’s fan club...well hopefully they leave Prince George...a 9-year-old child (might they be reminded) alone.”  DON'T MISS:Sunak sets UK up for 'big collapse' [COMMENT]Tourist in campervan beaten up, stripped and forced naked into a pub [INSIGHT]Carer offered disabled woman dog biscuits in 'wilful abuse' [PICTURES] Quoting a video showing Prince George’s first year, featuring clips of him with uncle Harry, one fan tweeted: “This was when Harry was content being a brother to a future King & being an uncle to a future King. He was respectful to his grandmother back then and close to his family. Good times - before Meghan came into his life. Happy birthday Prince George!” It comes as the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge released an adorable image of Prince George on his ninth birthday. The photo, bearing a striking resemblance to Prince William, shows George smiling as he is photographed enjoying a day on the beach. The Prince is expected to enjoy his ninth birthday with his family today as the royal family gather to wish him a happy birthday. 