The cost of living crisis has thrown household finances into peril, with many soon-to-be retirees now struggling to afford basic outgoings, never mind saving for a healthy and happy retirement. The cloud of sky-high energy bills and rising inflation has caused some to consider shelving their post-work plans, but what should you be considering if you had the objective of retiring in 2022? The current economic crisis has been a particularly unnerving time for those reaching retirement age. Even the most diligent of savers, no matter how large or modest, are now concerned that their money is unlikely to go as far as they initially thought. Peter Cranwell, IFA at Purely Pensions, has weighed up for Express.co.uk readers whether quitting work and relying on your pension is still a good idea amid the current economic chaos. READ MORE: Pensioners urged to claim for £3,300 as thousands miss out on £650 Mr Cranwell told Express.co.uk that there are certainly risks with stopping your usual income stream during such precarious times, but there are still upsides to keeping your plans in place. Mr Cranwell said: “Due to the current economic instability and uncertainty, people retiring now may be exposing their pension portfolio to more risks than they would have during periods of economic calm. “With the cost-of-living crisis intensifying, high inflation biting and investment performance falling, they may find that the pension portfolio they built up over the course of their career, which was projected to provide a comfortable retirement, has been eroded.” Pushing your retirement back a few years would usually give savers a greater opportunity to continue earning money and consequently contribute to their pension pot. But Mr Cranwell explained that by shelving your plans to retire now, you may just be waiting for even further economic hardship down the line, particularly those with defined pension pots. He continued: “However, there is even more uncertainty for those planning to retire a year from now or even later, especially as fears of a recession are mounting and experts are predicting inflation will take longer than expected to subside. “Additionally, for those about to start receiving benefits from a defined benefit plan, delaying when they retire may impact how much they can get as these generally increase in deferment and in payment. “This is often limited to the retail price index to a maximum of around three percent, however current rates are approaching ten percent, so there is a consideration here to be made. DON'T MISSFree bus pass: The UK areas where you can free or reduced travel [EXPLAINER]Universal Credit: When can claimants expect Cost of Living support? [INSIGHT]State pension: Britons could boost income 'by £275 each year' [REPORT] “People about to start receiving benefits from a Defined Benefit plan will be impacted: these generally increase in deferment and in payment, but limited often to RPI to a maximum of perhaps three percent.” Savers should also bear in mind that the current political backdrop could also affect their savings, according to Mr Cranwell. “With a Tory leadership race underway and much uncertainty around what the tax policy of the next Prime Minister will be, there is a risk that further measures will be implemented to cut tax relief for pensions. “Therefore, as long as an individual is receiving guidance from a financial adviser and maintaining an emergency fund of cash to safeguard against economic shocks, the advantages of retiring now outweigh the potential risks.” Mr Cranwell advised that ultimately, you should assess your own finances to check whether retiring now is still the right option for you. He said: “Yet, there are steps people can take to ensure they are managing the potential risks of retiring in the middle of a cost of living crisis. “Individuals intending to retire need to assess their personal situation and engage the support of a professional financial planner with tax expertise before doing so. “These professionals are well-placed to de-risk people’s pension portfolios even in the current economically turbulent climate.”