It’s only a matter of time before Christian Eriksen joins Manchester United. But with Cristiano Ronaldo primed to leave, the Denmark international is already facing a blow before he’s even kicked a ball. After all, the 37-year-old represents the Red Devils’ imminent new recruit’s best chances of clocking up assist after assist this term. Manchester United have won the race for Eriksen, who is poised to become their second summer signing after Tyrell Malacia. The Denmark international has been a free agent ever since leaving Brentford and he’s verbally agreed to move to Old Trafford on a three-year deal. United believe Eriksen can bring composure and experience to their team as they gear up for the start of the Erik ten Hag era. But with Ronaldo potentially going, the club are already facing a blow. The prospect of Eriksen providing the ammunition for Ronaldo to fire has been appealing during negotiations for the former Tottenham star. They want the playmaker to be a vital asset with the Red Devils, even though his signing could see Bruno Fernandes spend more time on the bench. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez Eriksen struck up a good rapport with Harry Kane at Tottenham, with the duo often linking up on the field. And they’ve been hopeful he can do the same with Ronaldo who, despite entering the twilight years of his career, remains prolific in front of goal. However, now, Eriksen could be left without a focal point to aim for. Ronaldo wants to leave United, with the Portugal international determined to join a Champions League club providing the right offer arrives. Chelsea are frontrunners at the current moment in time, with the Blues preparing an opening offer as they look to replace Romelu Lukaku - who recently rejoined Inter Milan. Bayern Munich are also in the hunt, at a time where Robert Lewandowski is pushing to join Barcelona. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen And Barcelona themselves have held talks over a shock deal for Ronaldo, despite him previously spending nine years at fierce rivals Real Madrid. Ideally, United would have the veteran at the tip of their attack with Eriksen then producing the goods from further back. But, now, the Denmark international could be left without anybody to aim for in the No 9 role. While Marcus Rashford can play there, the England international is better on the wings - as shown during Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s reign in charge. Likewise Anthony Martial, who has never proven himself to be a reliable centre-forward throughout his seven years at the club. Jadon Sancho is another player better out wide than down the middle, with hopes high he can kick on following his move from Borussia Dortmund last July. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team And with United losing Edinson Cavani, it seems as though Erik ten Hag’s centre-forward options could be in short supply. Eriksen is a good asset to have but, without anybody to aim for, it’ll be fascinating to see how he fares at Old Trafford. United want to get the Denmark international to undergo a medical as quickly as possible as they look to officially announce his signing. That’s expected to go through without a hitch, which bodes well for the Red Devils as they seek an improved campaign. Meanwhile, former United star Rio Ferdinand thinks Eriksen will only be a ‘squad player’ once his transfer to the Red Devils is completed. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “I think Christian Eriksen is a squad player. He doesn’t come as a starter, I would be very surprised if he comes into Manchester United as a starter,” he said. “I think he’ll come in and play a particular role in and around it. The position he is likely to occupy will be similar to Bruno Fernandes and I don’t see him taking him out of the team. “Can you play both? Yes, but then have you got the person defensively behind them to be able to mop things up and secure things behind them? I question that. “So there is s lot of positives with him because I think he is a fantastic technician with fantastic ability but if he’s coming to be someone who fills in here and there, I can see that. “But Man United fans are anticipating big names coming in the door.”