Prince William has reignited one of his favourite passions, as he returned to the polo pitch for a charity match on Wednesday. The Duke of Cambridge took part in the Out-Sourcing Inc. Royal Charity Polo Cup 2022 at Guards Polo Club. By participating in the match, William raised funds for and awareness of a number of charities and associations close to his and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge’s hearts. This is far from the Duke's first time on the polo pitch, as the royal has long been an avid player and supporter of the sport. He shares the passion with his father Prince Charles and younger brother Prince Harry, who has recently been spotted playing games in the US with his team, Los Padres. The Duke of Cambridge and Duke of Sussex last played together publicly in July 2019, when they led opposing teams in a match watched by their wives and children. It was around this time that there were increasing reports of a rift between the Cambridges and the Sussexes, and just six months later, Harry and his wife Meghan Markle stepped down from their senior positions in the Royal Family and relocated to North America. READ MORE: Cool Kate dazzles in sunglasses on relaxed stroll with Prince William - PICTURES Speculation of remaining tension was recently reinforced by Harry and Meghan’s return to the UK for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee, a visit that didn’t see the two couples reunite as expected. Now, a royal expert has claimed William must “sort out” the row with his brother in order to prove himself as a future king and “great leader”. Duncan Larcombe, the former royal editor for the Sun told the Daily Beast last month: “If William wants to be a future king, a great leader giving inspiring addresses about the environment to two billion people, then the public are within their rights to expect him to be able to sort out a frankly pretty minor dispute with his brother. He has to start showing some leadership here. “Eventually, William will have to pick up the phone. Harry doesn’t have to; he can just be a polo player with a gorgeous wife.” He added: “The onus is on William. If he really does believe he is the chap chosen by god to be king, then he should be capable of sorting out this row with his brother. “William has got a lot more to lose than Harry. The monarchy could be lost on his watch. That’s Harry’s ace in the hole.” Harry and Meghan’s Jubilee visit marked their first return to the UK with their two children — three-year-old Archie Harrison and one-year-old Lilibet Diana — since they moved overseas and forged new lives in Montecito, California. Their comeback was highly-anticipated, particularly following the couple’s bombshell interview with Oprah Winfrey last year and Harry’s Invictus Games interview with NBC’s Hoda Kotb in April, during which he made ambiguous comments about the Queen’s protection. The Duke’s relationship with his brother is understood to have been especially strained, with William reportedly being “deeply saddened” by the Sussexes’ sit-down with Oprah. Until the Jubilee, Harry and William had not seen each other since they unveiled a statue in tribute to their late mother Diana, Princess of Wales. And although there were reports of virtual communication between the two brothers in the lead up to the celebratory weekend, it appeared that tensions were still brewing when the princes were reunited for the first time publicly at a service of thanksgiving for Queen Elizabeth II. The royals were expected to be photographed together at the St. Paul's Cathedral service, but the opportunity did not present itself with the princes and their wives arriving separately, sitting separately and leaving one after the other. What’s more, the princes did not even appear to make eye contact with each other during the hour-long ceremony. Speculation of a simmering spat between the brothers continued throughout the Jubilee weekend as Harry and Meghan made no further public appearances, and even skipped a special royal luncheon. William and Harry reportedly spent no private time together before the Duke of Sussex returned to the US on Sunday, June 5, before the festivities surrounding the Queen’s monumental milestone came to a close. Since then, it has been claimed that the dukes are “not in contact at all” as their relationship is “still very raw”. Russell Myers, royal editor at The Mirror, told Pod Save The Queen podcast last month: “My understanding is — I mean there was a story knocking about even before the Jubilee that they were talking or texting and Whatsapping and that is simply not happening. “There is no contact at all. Charles has spoken to Harry a couple of times, but things are still very fraught. “And this opportunity for it to be squashed wasn’t taken. And I think things are still very raw.”