Bruce Willis has had an incredible career, starring in countless franchises over the years, including Pulp Fiction, The Fifth Element and Armageddon. But he will always be best known for playing the incredible action hero John McClane in the Die Hard series. The first movie in the franchise was released back in 1988. And now Willis has returned to the iconic original building for a trip down memory lane. Die Hard took place entirely in the fictional building Nakatomi Plaza. The skyscraper was actually the Fox Plaza in Century City in Los Angeles, California. At the end of the movie, McClane vowed: "I'll never even think about going up in a tall building again." But he has now made a return. Willis' wife, Emma Heming Willis, recently posted a video of Willis at the top of Nakatomi Plaza for the first time in almost 35 years. She captioned the video: "Nakatomi Plaza 34 years later #happymovieanniversary #diehard." This week, on July 15, is the 34th anniversary of the film's release, hence her post. The movie was really shot on location at the Fox Plaza, so Willis no doubt spent weeks of his life atop the building. READ MORE: Bruce Willis regretted not taking Patrick Swayze's iconic 90s role Willis' little trip down memory lane comes just a few months after he announced he was stepping away from Hollywood and acting. In March he announced he had been diagnosed with aphasia, a condition that affects language cognition. He announced the news on his Instagram with a statement that read: "To Bruce’s amazing supporters, as a family we wanted to share that our beloved Bruce has been experiencing some health issues and has recently been diagnosed with aphasia, which is impacting his cognitive abilities." DON'T MISS...Bruce Willis regretted not taking Patrick Swayze's iconic 90s role [INFO]Demi Moore, 59, dazzles as she displays ageless beauty in bikini pics [INSIGHT]Bruce Willis director in tears at their feud and end of star's career [NEWS] The statement, which was written by Willis' wife, Emma, and ex-wife Demi Moore, added: "As a result of this and with much consideration Bruce is stepping away from the career that has meant so much to him." They went on: "This is a really challenging time for our family and we are so appreciative of your continued love, compassion and support. We are moving through this as a strong family unit, and wanted to bring his fans in because we know how much he means to you, as you do to him. As Bruce always says, “Live it up” and together we plan to do just that. Love, Emma, Demi, Rumer, Scout, Tallulah, Mabel, & Evelyn." (sic) Aphasia is described by the NHS as a condition that creates "difficulty with language or speech" It is usually caused by "damage to the left side of the brain" for example, after a stroke. Over the last eight years, Willis has starred in 32 direct-to-video movies that have mostly been settled in the action genre. The most recent was just a few days ago on July 15, 2022, in a film called Wrong Place. Later this year he has three more straight-to-DVD films hitting shelves, including Die Like Lovers, Wire Room and Paradise City. The Die Hard series is available to watch on Disney Plus.