Had there been spare space on the stone tablet the Lord himself would surely have added, “…and the most sinful variety of extra-curricular rumpy-pumpy is, without question, doing it with your best friend’s wife”. I’m talking about the world’s primary plutocrat Elon Musk, 51, who has been accused of having an affair with Nicole Shanahan, 37, wife of his closest friend and Google co-founder Sergey Brin, 48. Brin’s no run-of-the-mill pal of Musk. He’s a mega-mate who rescued Musk with vast cash injections when his company Tesla was in trouble in 2008; who lent Musk his personal “party plane” as a wedding present, and who was first in line to snap up a Tesla Model X SUV in 2015. In other words, Brin was a foul-weather friend extraordinaire. When Musk’s chips were down, he galloped to the rescue. How did Elon repay Brin’s loyal generosity? He did the unmentionable with his wife. Small wonder that chums confided in the Wall Street Journal that Musk was spotted falling to his knees before Brin at a party, begging for forgiveness and abjectly apologising. There is a special place in hell reserved for folk who betray their closest confidantes, and an extra-hot nook kept for those who frolic with their chums’ spouses. Survivors of such a scenario report a blitz of unbearable agony. Not only has your partner nuked your marriage, trampled on your trust and smashed your heart to smithereens, he or she has been in cahoots with the person upon whose shoulder you would have sobbed. They are co-architects of your misery. Double treachery is hideous. Musk is a baddie. Any chap with an iota of decency would have quashed the fling before consummation and run for the hills. Grovelling apologies, with a plate of vol-au-vents in one hand and a pina colada in the other, just won’t cut it. Is there an ounce of good to be salvaged from this sorry fandango? How about the fact that Shanahan seems to have escaped censure here? We’re used to the “Eve complex”, when women are seen as evil temptresses – it’s always the femme fatale’s fault when a man lands unwittingly into her web. But for some reason Shanahan has been treated as largely irrelevant in this unsavoury disintegrated bromance. That’s the best I can manage. ----------------------------------------------------------- I’m sorry but dinner decorum is simply a matter of good taste If ever there were visible proof that nurture beats nature hands-down then Talk TV viewers witnessed it on Friday night. When asked to chew with our mouths wide open to test new findings by Oxford University that doing so greatly enhances our taste buds – the distinguished and impeccably mannered panel, myself included, found it impossible to oblige. So deeply had our polite parents hammered home the message “Don’t chew with your mouth open” that we found we physically couldn’t do it. No matter that an irate producer was yelling into our ear-pieces, “Open your mouths for heaven’s sake!” We couldn’t obey and were unable to break the rules of a lifetime even – or maybe especially – on the telly. A victory for nurture and decorum. ----------------------------------------------------------- More loos for ladies is great news Is it a sign of philistinism to say I’m looking forward to visiting the West End’s first new theatre for 50 years, called @sohoplace, largely to enjoy their enlightened lavatorial facilities? Naturally I will be mildly intrigued by their dramatic productions but infinitely more compelling will be the joy of escaping the crush of the interminable queue for the ladies’ loo. Owner Nica Burns has insisted on having more conveniences for girls than guys. On that basis alone she’s a theatrical goddess and deserves her own statue in London’s Theatreland. ----------------------------------------------------------- Digging Kate’s bo-hoe chic Kate Moss has gone over to the dark side. After years of dabbling and debauchery, the “never complain, never explain” enigmatic supermodel has fallen madly wildly and deeply in love – with gardening. I have been issuing warning about this horticultural inevitability for a decade. It subsumes us all. One minute you’re fluttering your eyelashes at fellows, rouging your knees then changing nappies. The next, you are eyeing up petunias and squeezing the leaves of lemon verbena shrubs. It took the persuasive powers of Lauren Laverne on Desert Island Discs to entice Kate to full disclosure. These days her ultimate aspiration is a trip to a garden centre with her mum. I raise my trowel to that. ----------------------------------------------------------- Celebrities should always be grateful to fans Suranne Jones is said to be joining those celebrities who charge to say hello and pose for a pic with their fans. To hobnob with Jones will set you back £90. I was going to say I’m torn on this, but I can’t because I’m not. The merry mid-lifers who attended Ruth Langsford’s weekend show Feeling Fabulous, got a kiss, cuddle and a selfie with any celeb they asked entirely gratis and were gracious, saying “Gosh, I hope this isn’t a royal pain.” Anyone however high or low in the celeb charts, must remember those pre-fame days when no one knew their name, or looked thrilled to see them, or sent a car to pick them up. They should be honoured to sign an autograph or smile for a snap. Have some humility. Be grateful and grin, and bin the “ker-ching” factor!