Ted Kravitz has warned it is looking likely Sebastian Vettel will not be in F1 next season, crushing Toto Wolff’s hopes for the German star. Vettel’s current deal with Aston Martin comes to a close at the end of the current season and there are no guarantees Vettel will sign a new deal. The team has said on several occasions that they want to retain his services but it is believed Vettel has still not yet decided if he wants to remain in the sport at all. Speaking on Sky Sports F1, Kravitz said: “What’s happening with Sebastian Vettel next year? Aston wants him to stay. “I understand they have made him an offer. They do want him to stay next year, I don't know whether he’s going to accept it, That’s what’s going on. Sebastian seems to be behaving in a few critical ways, like bringing his kids to the race track in Austria, that suggests to me that he’s going to make this his last year in Formula 1. “Just a thought for you, see if you can pick up for the rest of the season whether you think Sebastian is acting in a way that he is thinking. Do you know what, this is going to be it. With all the old cars and everything, the Williams, I’m just wondering if this is going to be his last year in F1 and he has already made that decision.”  READ MORE: Sebastian Vettel responds to McLaren rumours with F1 retirement hint Vettel has struggled to compete at the front since moving to Aston Martin from Ferrari at the end of 2020. However, things have got worse this season with the multiple champion scoring just 15 points compared to 30 by this stage last year. Kravitz’s comments could come as a blow to Mercedes team principal Wolff, who has claimed he wants Vettel to stay in F1 due to his close personal relationship with his compatriot. Wolff commented: “It would be a shame if we lost another straightforward and intelligent mind. There are too few of those in Formula 1. “The families are friends and I value his opinion very much. We talk more about God and the world, environment, families, upbringing than about the sport.” DON'T MISSAston Martin respond to Schumacher rumours amid Vettel uncertainty [INSIGHT]Schumacher backs up claims on why Vettel stormed out of F1 meeting [ANALYSIS]Lando Norris calls out FIA over safety fears and disagrees with Vettel [COMMENT] Earlier this season, Vettel revealed he would decide his F1 future this summer based on the upcoming races. He revealed there was lots about F1 he no longer enjoyed including being away from his family for long periods of time. However, Vettel suggested he may be tempted into a new deal ahead of the French Grand Prix. He explained: “Well, I’m racing this weekend, and the next one. Then obviously I’ve said that at some point we’ll start to talk and I’m talking to the team. I think there is a clear intention to keep going and we’ll see soon where we stand.”