Cameron Norrie has admitted he will use his contacts with Andy Murray to try and work out a plan to stop Novak Djokovic in his tracks ahead of their Wimbledon semi-final clash on Friday. Norrie has a few days rest now after a pulsating, back-and-forth win over David Goffin. Speaking in his post-match press conference, Norrie admitted that he still has plenty to work on and knows he needs to raise his game in order to beat Djokovic. Djokovic is unbeaten on Centre Court since losing to Murray in the 2013 Wimbledon final. And Norrie plans to lean on his compatriot for advice heading into Friday's semi-final. "Andy has been super supportive to me and my team. "You know, I'm always practicing with him and always reaching out to him for ideas. He's super supportive with us. Even before the match today, he came over and he was in the gym and came and said, 'Good luck'. JUST IN: Novak Djokovic responds to Norrie challenge as partisan crowd awaits   "So he's always -- obviously he loves tennis so he's following everything and all the results. I think it's pretty cool. Yeah, I think not a bad guy to ask about some tactics. I'm going to enjoy today and maybe reach out to him and see what he's got." Norrie became just the seven Brit to reach the semi-finals of Wimbledon with his five-set win over Goffin. It looked to be one step too far for the Brit when Goffin took the opening set, but Norrie fought back to level the match in the second. The Belgian still appeared to be in control though in the crucial third set, even with Court One raising the noise levels for their home favourite. Norrie lost four-straight games in the third and it looked as though Goffin would be the one advancing to face off against Djokovic. DON'T MISS  But the world No 12 soon began to settle in the fourth with the match and his Wimbledon journey on the line. A missed opportunity to break in the sixth game came and went, but Norrie made sure two games later to draw level once again. Then came the biggest moment of the match in the second game of the fifth set when Norrie was facing a break point but Goffin missed his chance, sending a forehand into the net. It looked to be heading to a championship tiebreak, only until the 11th game when Goffin hit three unforced errors in a row to give Norrie a huge opportunity. And Goffin ended up sending another forehand long to give Norrie the break with the Brit going on to serve out for the match, leading to rapturous cheers from the crowd. When asked what it meant to him to join the likes of Virginia Wade, Tim Henman and Andy Murray in reaching the Wimbledon semi-finals, Norrie said: "Super special to be among those names. "To just be a semifinalist of a slam, especially this one, living just around the corner. Yeah, it's just all pretty crazy and all happened pretty quickly. Yeah, it's pretty cool to be amongst those names." 