Following the resignation of 48 people in his Government, Prime Minister Boris Johnson announced that he would be stepping down from his position as leader of the Conservative Party. Speaking from outside Downing Street, he thanked those who voted Conservative at the last election, and said the reason he fought so long to remain in office was because "I thought it was my job, my duty and my obligation to you". Having taken over following the resignation of Theresa May, Mr Johnson spent three years in Number 10, overseeing the final steps of Brexit, the coronavirus pandemic and beginning of the current cost of living crisis. In order to formally tender his resignation, the PM will have to travel to the Queen. This usually happens after a successor has been appointed. The resignation audience typically takes place at Buckingham Palace. However, given the Queen's age and ongoing mobility issues, and the timing of the leadership contest, if the monarch is at her holiday home Balmoral over the summer, the audience could potentially take place in Scotland. Her Majesty holds weekly audiences with the Prime Minister during which they discuss the latest developments. It is understood that Mr Johnson had his audience with Queen Elizabeth II over the phone on Wednesday evening, amid the major political turbulence. The monarch, who celebrated her Platinum Jubilee last month, has taken a step back from her royal duties in recent months. And the Prime Minister’s former girlfriend, Petronella Wyatt, questioned whether the Jubilee celebrations were a “fond farewell to the monarchy”, claiming that the monarchy will struggle to survive without the Queen and slamming Prince William as “petulant”. Writing for the Daily Mail, Ms Wyatt said: “The Queen’s heirs can’t hold it together. “Charles thinks he’s leader of the Opposition, William is petulant and their family petty squabbles are in the papers almost daily. “This would not have happened on Prince Philip’s watch.” Ms Wyatt suspectedly refers to the reports of a rift between the Royal Family and Prince Harry and Meghan Markle, who left the Firm in January 2020. Speculation of a simmering dispute, particularly between William and Kate, and the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, was reinforced following the Jubilee weekend. Despite this, it appears that Harry may have plans to return to his home country more frequently in the future. Ahead of the Jubilee, it emerged that the Sussexes had renewed their lease on Frogmore Cottage, their former royal residence. And now that Princess Eugenie and Jack Brooksbank have relocated to Portugal, it is understood to be unoccupied. Moreover, the Duke of Sussex is said to want his children to “know his home country”. Harry’s legal team were in court on Thursday to hear whether his lawsuit over police protection against the Government can go ahead. The Duke is bringing a claim against the Home Office after being told he would no longer be given the same degree of personal protective security when visiting from the US, despite offering to pay for it himself. A statement issued by the prince's legal team outlines his aim, saying: "The goal for Prince Harry has been simple — to ensure the safety of himself and his family while in the UK so his children can know his home country." Harry feels that in the absence of police protection, he and his family are unsafe to travel to and stay in the UK. 