Martin Clunes has played Doc Martin in the ITV drama since 2004 although it was confirmed in 2020 that the 10th season of the show, which will air in autumn, will be its last instalment. After being part of the show for 18 years the actor has revealed he’ll miss filming in Cornwall. With filming for the upcoming season currently underway, the cast of Doc Martin have concluded their final days of shooting in the seaside town. After they had wrapped for the day, the full cast posed for photos underneath a banner saying “Goodbye and Good Luck.” Holidaymaker Chris Haig, who saw them filming in Port Isaac revealed that it would be an emotional week for many crew and cast members. He said: “I think it was quite an emotional week for many long-time cast and crew members as well as for many fans who were allowed to get so close during the filming in the heart of the village of Port Isaac."  Although there are more scenes that are due to be filmed elsewhere in the coming weeks, the show has been coming to Cornwall since 2004. After almost two decades of playing Dr Martin Ellingham, actor Martin Clunes has previously said that it’s "the right time" to hang up his stethoscope. The 60-year-old said: “I have loved going to Cornwall to make Doc Martin over the past 18 years. "I have looked forward to returning to this beautiful county this year for the 10th and final series.”  Martin continued: "The people of Cornwall, and Port Isaac in particular, have always been so helpful to us when we are making the series. "We have some great storylines for the new series, and for the Christmas special, which I hope Doc Martin fans will love. "I shall miss Cornwall and all the lovely people we have worked with. "But it is the right time to say farewell to the Doc, and Portwenn."  The eight-part 10th season of Doc Martin is set to air on ITV this autumn, alongside a Christmas special later on in the year. Polly Hill, ITV's head of drama said: "If this really has to be the final series of Doc Martin, we thought we'd also commission a Christmas special. "It'll be sad to see the series come to an end after entertaining audiences on ITV for the past 18 years but we'll make sure the finale is memorable and befitting such a success story."   At the end of the last series of Doc Martin, it ended on a huge cliffhanger as viewers saw him resign from his post of GP. He returned home to tell his wife of his decision before she told him that she was pregnant. The episode ended dramatically with Martin noting that the timing was terrible. It’s unclear if the 10th series will have a time jump or pick up from where the last season ended. Doc Martin is expected to return to ITV this autumn.  