Carl Froch made headlines recently when he claimed that Anthony Joshua needed a brain transplant in order to beat Oleksandr Usyk in their rematch next month - and now the former world champion has stuck by his comments and explained what he meant. The pair are set to square off for a second time on August 20 at the Jeddah Superdome, Saudi Arabia – the same country where the Brit beat Andy Ruiz Jr at the second time of asking. In September, Joshua lost his WBA (super), IBF, and WBO heavyweight titles to the Ukrainian and was heavily criticised for not being aggressive enough in their inaugural contest. Many believe that ‘AJ’ will be in with a better shot of winning the rematch providing he utilises his size and strength more effectively. But former super-middleweight world champion, Froch, believes it will take more than just a change in approach to beat ‘The Cat’. “For Anthony Joshua to beat Oleksandr Usyk, he needs a brain transplant. He’s got all the physical attributes, but I just don’t think he can beat him,” the former super-middleweight champion said on Betfred’s Lightweight Boxing Show. At the time, boxing fans were baffled by the statement with many left extremely confused by ‘The Cobra’s’ comments. Now, during an interview with Boxing Social, Froch has shed some light on what he meant - and insisted that AJ looks 'worried' ahead of the fight. He said: “Not really, it’s hard to take anything this early in the fight, they’re not fighting for a while. I just think Usyk’s extremely confident and he has every right to be because he’s extremely talented. AJ looks a little bit worried and he should be because he’s in against a fantastic talent. MORE BOXING NEWS... Paul's 'shady' revealed as Rahman Jr explains punishment clause Wilder fight plans in doubt as lawyers consulted over Joshua vs Usyk Wilder true power revealed as Brit lifts lid on scary sparring story “Everyone’s already said it, but he’s the bigger stronger man so if he can he can use those attributes he can get the win. The first thing he needs to do before he gets in that ring is get his head sorted out. “I’ve said he needs a brain transplant before and people were like ‘What’s he talking about?’ What I mean by that is he needs a totally different mindset and maybe a change in trainer [will do that]. I don’t think he should have left Rob McCracken but this change might do him good because it might just reignite something and get him thinking differently – get him a little bit more aggressive. He needs to get his head right and start to believe in himself, otherwise, it’s going to go wrong for him.”