Tottenham new boy Ivan Perisic recently phoned Joe Rodon to ask if they could trade shirt numbers ahead of the new Premier League season, according to reports. Perisic was confirmed as Antonio Conte's first arrival of the summer transfer window back in June after leaving Inter Milan as a free agent at the end of the previous campaign. The vastly experienced Croatian winger will be tasked with helping Tottenham to put in a good showing in the Champions League as well as securing another top-four finish in the Premier League over the course of the upcoming season. Perisic has already made his presence felt in north London by successfully pinching Joe Rodon's shirt number following a quick phone call between the pair, according to football.london.Tottenham revealed last Wednesday that Perisic was set to wear the No 22 shirt in his first season at the club but the 33-year-old seemingly had other ideas and decided to take matters into his own hands. He opted to phone Rodon in order to request his No 14 shirt and the Welshman was more than happy to oblige, meaning that he will take Perisic's original shirt number for the campaign ahead.Perisic has worn the No 14 on plenty of occasions throughout his career and has kept hold of it since joining Bayern Munich on loan from Inter Milan back in 2019. Tottenham's players will start using their new numbers on Saturday, when they face Rangers in their next pre-season friendly at Ibrox. JUST IN: Barcelona suffered Chelsea 'attack' in Jules Kounde transfer dilemma The north Londoners have also confirmed the shirt numbers that will be worn by new arrivals Clement Lenglet and Djed Spence over the course of the upcoming season. The former, who joined on loan from Barcelona earlier this month, will sport the No 34 shirt while Spence has taken No 24 after moving to Tottenham from Middlesbrough on a permanent basis.Fellow new signing Yves Bissouma is set to wear the No 38 for Tottenham but it remains to be seen whether this will change before the competitive action gets back underway in early August. Harry Winks has reportedly been made available for a move elsewhere this summer and currently wears No 8, which will be vacated if he leaves the club over the coming weeks. Richarlison and Fraser Forster will wear No 9 and No 20 respectively, while Pape Matar Sarr will pick up No 29 after returning from his season on loan at Metz. Oliver Skipp, meanwhile, is set to become Tottenham's new No 4 after Cristian Romero vacated the shirt in favour of his preferred No 17.Tottenham have stressed that their current squad numbers remain subject to late changes before the Premier League finally returns at the start of next month. The final register is set to be officially confirmed when their full squad list is submitted in advance of their first domestic match against Southampton on August 6. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here