Britons have been cutting back on driving, not buying clothes and swapping Sainsbury’s for Lidl. In fact, just swapping six food essentials could save people £250 a year says Which? When it comes to saving money, one of the biggest household expenditures is the food shop. But as the cost of living crisis continues to bite, people are ditching their favourite brands and trying something new. Shoppers in Bristol told Express.co.uk how they had been shopping at Lidl in a bid to save money Caspian Johnson told Express.co.uk: “I’ve just done my big shop at Lidl for the first time - which I probably shouldn’t say outside of Sainsbury’s!” READ MORE: Inheritance tax - how to save THOUSANDS on HMRC bill Caspian wasn’t the only shopper to mention he was trying cheaper supermarkets to try and save money. Others also told Express.co.uk they were having to make changes and going without their favourites. Meanwhile, Which? Recently found that households could save hundreds of pounds on food by ditching expensive brands like Heinz, Innocent and Kelloggs and opting for supermarket own brands instead. Natalie Hitchins, Which? Head of Home Products and Services, said: “No one wants to overpay for basic groceries, especially when the cost of living crisis is putting huge pressure on household budgets." DON'T MISSState pensioners describe struggle to get by in retirement [INSIGHT]State pension warning: Britons could 'lose out' with NI rule change [WARNING]Nadhim Zahawi urged to free Britons from £6bn pension tax burden [ALERT]'I had a breakdown' Pensioner devastated as she loses £125,000 [WARNING] She continued: “Shopping around and buying own-brand products is an easy way to save hundreds of pounds a year. “Those prepared to switch to a cheaper supermarket for their regular shop will likely find some great value alternatives to their favourite brands - with many even beating their well-known rivals for taste in Which?’s tests.” Which? Said there are six main items that people could swap and save a fortune on. READ MORE: Pensioner loses £10,000 in scam and warns others about WhatsApp scam Which? recommends swapping supermarket own brands for: A spokesperson for Sainsbury’s said: “We understand our customers are counting every penny at the moment. “That is why we’re investing over £500million to keep prices low on the items our customers buy most and continue to inflate behind competitors. “Our latest financial results released this week also show that customers continue to choose to shop with us, filling up their trollies with great quality and value food.” A spokesperson for Lidl said: “It has always been our firm belief at Lidl that no one should have to pay a premium for good food. “This belief is at the core of everything we do, whether that’s keeping prices low or making our offer as accessible as possible through the opening of new stores. “As households navigate the increasing cost of living, it is our absolute promise that we will continue to offer them the best value in the market.”