Kate was reportedly commissioned by her stepmother-in-law to take the cover shot for the latest issue of Country Life magazine, guest edited by Camilla herself. The Duchess of Cornwall was also the cover star for the issue, and the gorgeous picture saw the 75-year-old dressed in blue with a basket of pelargoniums in the garden of her home Raymill in Wiltshire.  According to the editor Mark Hedges, Kate was Camilla’s first choice to take the picture. He told The Telegraph: “She immediately replied [when asked who she wanted to be the photographer] ‘Oh, I’d quite like Catherine to do it’. “I spent the next three or four minutes desperately racking my brains trying to think of a professional photographer called Catherine. “Then suddenly I grasped what she meant — one of the most amazing things that could happen.  “I found it one of the easier things to nod my head at.” Camilla’s country dresser Shona Williams shared a candid behind the scenes picture of Kate, dressed casually in a pink blazer and jeans, taking the shot of Camilla in the garden. The Duchess of Cambridge is well known for her love of photography, having released many informal pictures of her children Prince George, 8, Princess Charlotte, 7 and Prince Louis, 4.  READ MORE: Boris Johnson 'snubbed' by Prince Harry in awkward encounter Mr Hedges continued: “We understand this is the first time a formal portrait of The Duchess of Cornwall has been taken by The Duchess of Cambridge for a magazine. “We are honoured to have been chosen to be the first to publish this beautiful photograph. “The photographs are superb and we would be delighted to offer The Duchess of Cambridge another commission!” Royal photographer Arthur Edwards has also been impressed by Kate’s work, according to People magazine.  DON'T MISS:Kate’s parents to have kids 'for themselves' over summer [ANALYSIS]Question Time: Campbell kept on 'short leash' [SPOTLIGHT]Turkey's ambassador summoned by Ukraine over stolen grain row [INSIGHT] He said: “The picture that I love most that she's done is William and the three children on the swing”, referring to a photo shared in June 2020 to celebrate Prince William's 38th birthday. “I would have killed to have taken that picture. “Everybody's laughing at their mum, and you know that only a mother or a father could get that picture, and it's an absolute winner. “Charlotte with her arm around daddy, you know, 'daddy's girl.' It's a lovely picture, I was so full of praise for her on that.” 