Sally Nugent and Jon Kay have been presenting BBC Breakfast from Mondays to Wednesdays since the latter switched from a reporter on the show to a main presenter. Jon was announced as an official host of the daily programme earlier this month following Dan Walker's switch to channel 5. The pair seem to have hit it off well, and Sally explained why that's an important quality when dealing with "distressing" news early in the morning.  The two joined BBC colleagues Gethin Jones and Sam Quek on Morning Live on Wednesday. They discussed how they have a good rapport with each other despite not having worked closely for very long. "Lovely to welcome the new BBC Breakfast power couple, Jon and Sally," Sam stated as she introduced them. "Power couple? Don't know about the power!" Sally quipped. READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow expert in awe of gold ring found at car boot sale Because the presenters had just come fresh from Wednesday's BBC Breakfast, former Olympian Sam joked: "Long journey!" Gethin added: "I was going to say, we're celebrating them making it - it's 1.8 miles! And everyone's going, 'Yay, well done.'" He added: "It's lovely seeing you every morning. Sally, you've got a new man in your life!" "I know, here he is!" she replied, glancing at Jon.  Gethin commented: "And the partnership, of course, is so important with what you do. "And especially right now and recently, with all the news stories you've had to deal with." "Yeah I know," Sally agreed. "Because a lot of the time, so early in the morning, we do have to talk about sometimes quite upsetting, distressing stuff. "And also complicated stories. So, you guys both know this, it's really important that the person you sit next to is someone that you know and trust and you completely are able to get on with." DON'T MISS... Royal Family ‘shut down’ filming for The Crown season 5 [LATEST]Kelvin Fletcher addresses leaving Emmerdale behind [INTERVIEW]Ian Wright sends sweet message of support to young Lioness fan [VIDEO] As Sam and Gethin gave each other a jokey stare, Sally asked: "Why is everyone laughing?" "Sadly, Sally wasn't able to find that person," Jon quipped. Laughing, Sally remarked: "But there is like a weird telepathy isn't there? That's really important." "I knew you were going to say that," Jon replied. "So, do you have a look then?" Sam asked the pair. "No, I just jab him in the arm like that because he ignores me most of the time," Sally explained, poking Jon. She added: "We've got to the point now where we know each other so well, he just ignores me. "So I go like that, I'm like, 'Let me speak, let me get a word in!'" BBC Breakfast airs weekdays from 6am on BBC One.