Christine McGuinness, 34, and Paddy McGuinness, 48, married in 2011 and share three children. Their eldest children, twins Penelope and Leo, are celebrating their ninth birthday and Christine took to social media to share an insight into the planning for the day. The former model confessed she was going solo organising the twins' birthday, while Paddy trained in their home gym. The Real Housewives of Cheshire star looked amazing in a blue strapless dress, while accessorising with a small diamond necklace. Her blonde tresses were styled in a light curl and she went for a simple make-up look. In view of her 658,000 Instagram followers, she said: "Nine years ago today I became a mum - that was all I ever wanted. READ MORE: Rafael Nadal's sweary rant after question about his wife Xisca Perello "I had my twins Leo and Penelope - I can't believe they're nine. "Honestly I can remember it like it was yesterday, they were born at 9:20 and 9:21, Leo was 6lbs 7 and a half and Penelope was 6lbs 10 and it's just been unconditional love from that moment. "Honestly, it's all I ever wanted. She paused, before she said: "Anyway today I am organising a kids party on my own - send help! "This is where we are up to..." She then did a panoramic round the garden as she showed the array of bouncy castles and obstacle courses that had been set up. Christine continued: "I'm so excited for them, they are just getting their clothes on, waiting for their friends and their cousins to come. "And the sun is shining!" DON'T MISS... Steph McGovern shares health concerns as Packed Lunch wraps [HEALTH] ‘Oh my God!’ Oti Mabuse suffers wardrobe malfunction on stage [INSTAGRAM] 'Recluse' Linda Evangelista seen makeup free after botched surgery [HOLLYWOOD] The couple are very open about their three children's autism diagnosis. Christine has worked tirelessly to raise awareness about the condition. The former model herself was diagnosed with autism last year, after she claimed her husband Paddy already knew. Writing in her book, A Beautiful Nightmare, she said: "I have been confirmed as autistic. "It’s strange, but I’ve noticed there are little hints throughout my life that I’m autistic and more like my children than I ever could have imagined. "My issues with food, my social ­struggles, how hard I find it to make friends and stay focused, and my indecisiveness. "The way I float through life reminds me of how my eldest daughter Penelope is. "It all makes sense now. And as much as I’m not totally surprised, it’s still been emotional for me to accept, but it’s a relief as well."