The pictures of the tens of thousands of families left stuck at Dover unable to get away on holiday made me despair. After two years of Covid-lockdown misery the very least folk deserve is a nice break and the chance to return to some kind of normality. But how? We are thwarted at the airports with cancellations and baggage not being delivered, the railways are plagued by maintenance issues, hot weather and industrial disputes. And as for the roads, there will always be some eco-warrior happy to grind your motorway to a standstill! For those stuck at the Port, some waiting more than 24 hours, the start to their holiday could not have been worse. Many will be understandably worried about their journey home and the problems they may face. And that is the alarming thing - the fact there seems to be no real end in sight to the problem. And no real plan as to how we will deal with the travel chaos created by our exit from the EU. One travel expert I spoke to this week said the only way to safely get across to France right now is to set your alarm and arrive as soon as the doors open in Dover. It is crazy, a total joke and I cannot help thinking French officials are under instructions to make life as difficult as they can at the moment. But it is not French border control staff we should be blaming for this mess. I doubt they enjoy being shouted at or abused by stranded Brits. I travel a lot. If I’m not in the TV studio I’m likely to be at an Airport, on a train,  or stopping off at a motorway service station. So I see first hand how hard people employed in this sector work. I always make a point of seeking them out and saying thanks. That’s why I believe those working on the frontline are most likely to be following orders from faceless politicians and officials on the other side of the Channel who won’t forgive the UK for exiting the EU. I suspect the whole go-slow policy leads back to the office of Mr Macron who remains bitter about Vote Leave. Perhaps one solution is for us to make things equally as difficult for The French trying to enter the UK. That might well make Macron and the rest of them sit up and take a bit of notice. I hope whoever becomes our next Prime Minister is also taking notice because sorting out the chaos will surely need to be at the top of their agenda. We want to see action, not just words delivered in those debates. I must say I certainly saw a different side to Liz Truss when I interviewed her last week on GB News. Given the fact she has been described by many as “dull and emotionless”, I did not expect much of an answer when I asked what she did to relax. “I love singing Karaoke,” she replied without hesitation. Not only that, she loves belting out Whitney Houston. Who would have thought it!?? It goes to show….never to judge a book by its cover. Truss might have started as a dark horse in the race but according to a poll we ran on GB News, she is now galloping into the lead with more than 80 per cent of our viewers backing her to become PM. Rishi Sunak will fight her all the way. He will relish the position of being underdog and beyond the stories of expensive Prada loafers and a wealthy background there is still a guy determined to win. He has clearly been planning for high office for a long time. I would advise both of them to keep the pictures we have seen in Dover pinned on their fridges in the days and weeks ahead. Coming up with a way to get Britain moving again, and motoring forward, might well be the quickest route into Number 10. Eamonn Holmes presents GB News Breakfast, Monday to Thursday from 6am.