The Duke of Sussex spoke at the UN General Assembly in New York on Monday to mark Nelson Mandela International Day. But some social media users picked up on the empty seats in the room as Harry delivered his speech. However, royal commentator Marlene Koenig insisted more people would have watched as the event was live streamed. Ms Koenig tweeted: "A room is more than a physical space. "Yes it was a small group of people who attended the Nelson Mandela Day at the UN. "The speech was live streamed around the world, there are also links to watch the speech. "I expect more people watched that speech than were in the actual room." Harry was joined by Meghan Markle for the event with the couple holding hands as they arrived. In his speech, the Duke warned of a "global assault on democracy and freedom". But some Twitter users mocked Harry as they highlighted empty spaces in the audience. READ MORE: Prince Harry 'trawled social media every night on Australia tour' One with the handle @WalkerDevon1922 sarcastically commented: “It was to a packed house.” Another, @lindajoy54, said: “The big UN speech today was a bust for Harry! Room was almost EMPTY! “ A third, @Awareone5, wrote: “Harry addressing an empty UN assembly today. “Folks must be on vacation, or not interested in what he had to say.” One more with the handle @sarah_delore added: “The room at the UN is embarrassingly empty.” DON'T MISSPrince Harry's friends called him 'f***ing nuts' for dating MeghanHarry 'couldn't resist venting anger' after Palace 'refused demands'Royal Family: Harry ‘ignored warnings Meghan spelled trouble' Harry warned of the dangers of climate change, the coronavirus pandemic, "weaponising lies and disinformation", the war in Ukraine and abortion laws in the US in his speech. He said: "This has been a painful year in a painful decade. "We're living through a pandemic that continues to ravage communities in every corner of the globe; climate change wreaking havoc on our planet, with the most vulnerable suffering most of all; the few, weaponising lies and disinformation at the expense of the many; and from the horrific war in Ukraine to the rolling back of constitutional rights here in the United States. "We are witnessing a global assault on democracy and freedom - the cause of Mandela's life." The Duke also spoke about his late mother Princess Diana's meeting with the former South African leader in March 1997, and how he "sought solace" in Africa following her death. Harry and Meghan are living in California after quitting royal duties in 2020. 