For the first time ever, the Queen's four beloved UK brooches are on display at Windsor Castle to mark the Platinum Jubilee. The brooches are bedecked in precious stones and have been crafted to reflect the national flowers of England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland. The Queen's English brooch has been designed to look like a rose, and the centre stone is a rare red diamond. The Scottish brooch is a spray of thistles, while the Welsh daffodil brooch features elegant yellow diamonds. The stunning Northern Irish brooch is a shamrock design adorned with glistening emeralds. In total, all four brooches are worth a staggering six-figure sum, but they have incredible "sentimental" value to the Queen too. READ MORE: Meghan Markle ‘waited on hand and foot’ in upscale restaurants Maxwell Stone, Diamond Expert at Steven Stone commented: "Boasting delicately beautiful craftsmanship and fine detail, the Queen's four diamond brooches are truly spectacular pieces. "Made with a combination of yellow and white gold, they feature an array of diamonds - including white, yellow and red. "It's always impressive to see red diamonds featured in jewellery as they're the rarest and most expensive diamond in the world. "The Shamrock of Ireland brooch is particularly distinctive as it features emeralds - despite the stone not being native to Ireland, emeralds are used widely in Irish jewellery."   The brooches were presented to the Queen to mark the landmark occasion of her Diamond Jubilee, and now visitors of Windsor Castle will be able to revel in their beauty. Mr Stone added: "Gifted to Her Majesty by the Sultan Qaboos Bin Said of Oman for her Diamond Jubilee in 2012 and representing the national emblems of the United Kingdom, the pieces possess enormous sentimental value and the Queen is sure to hold them close to her heart. "I'd estimate the four pieces to have a combined value of £187,000." The Queen's jewellery collection is home to an impressive array of brooches, and the monarch is rarely pictured not wearing one.  DON'T MISS:Charles and Andrew's relationship is 'virtually non-existent' [INSIGHT]Camilla to wear Queen Mother's Crown bedecked with over 2,000 diamonds [PICTURES]Royal Family LIVE: Prince Harry sparks backlash with intervention [LIVE] For her Diamond Jubilee balcony appearance, the Queen donned two of the biggest diamonds in her collection - the Cullinan III and IV brooch. Fondly known by the Royal Family as Granny's Chips, the brooch is comprised of stones cut from the Cullinan Diamond, the largest diamond ever found. The Queen also owns the Williamson brooch, which features one of the rarest pink diamonds ever discovered. Platinum Jubilee: The Queen's Coronation will be on show at Windsor Castle from July 7 to September 26, 2022, and is included in the price of a general admission ticket. Windsor Castle is open to visitors from Thursday to Monday, remaining closed on Tuesdays and Wednesdays. 