Caller Richard from Chiswick accused the Labour Party of “alienating the black vote, the working class and British people of all ethnicities”. Speaking to LBC host Nick Ferrari, he argued the Labour Party has now become a “southern, London-based, middle-class student union”. The comments followed Labour MP Diane Abbott’s call on Labour leader Keir Starmer to take action over racism following the release of the Forde report into the party's conduct towards minorities. The caller told Nick Ferrari: “Labour have become a southern, London-based, middle-class student union. “And rather than just saying that, they’re alienating the working class. “They’re alienating the back vote. “They’re alienating British people of all ethnicities. “Labour no longer identify with the northern base or basically the working-class. “If Diane Abbott wants to purchase focus on black people, they no longer identify with the middle class, student unions, students based in London momentum. “They no longer identify with that as the Labour Party. “That’s where they will lose both”. READ MORE: Orban torpedoes von der Leyen's Ukraine war plans The remarks followed Diane Abbott’s call on Labour leader Keir Starmer to take action over racism in the party in light of the findings that emerged from the Forde report. The report, which was published last week, found evidence of “overt and underlying racism and sexism” towards Diane Abbott in private WhatsApp messages among staffers hostile to Jeremy Corbyn. Martin Forde QC, who conducted the inquiry, said these were “expressions of visceral disgust, drawing (consciously or otherwise) on racist tropes, and they bear little resemblance to the criticisms of white male MPs elsewhere in the messages”. In light of the findings Ms Abbott said: “In a private sector organisation people who were as blatantly racist as this would be disciplined, if not sacked.” DON'T MISS: Backlash as Brexit-blamers shut down over Dover delays [WATCH]Commonwealth Games Opening Ceremony slated as ‘left-wing drama school’ [LISTEN]M6 closed over lorry fire - Emergency services on scene [INSIGHT] Referring to Labour leader Kier Starmer, she added: “Instead, Starmer commissioned the Forde report and deliberately sat on it for two years hoping people would forget. “He needs to combat racism in the Labour party as energetically as he has opposed antisemitism. “Anything else suggests that he does not really care. It would also be good if, even five years later, I got any type of apology for the sustained racist abuse by paid Labour full-time officials.” READ NEXT:Spain ‘not worth the hassle’ fumes host as Britons face new travel rulPrince Charles Bond-style entrance to Commonwealth GamesLondon Euston chaos: Mass cancellations as emergency services deal ...Queen's Guard screams at London tourist 'We'll never return!' - VIDEOJoe Biden told to 'resign and take Kamala with you'