The Eurovision Song Contest has seen the United Kingdom scraping the bottom of the leaderboard for years, leaving BBC One viewers deflated after an evening of hopeful Union Jack flag waving. While the UK didn't come out on top this year, singer Sam Ryder did come in second place, losing out to Ukraine. But due to the ongoing war with Russia, the European Broadcasting Union has decided it would be best for the 2023 show to be hosted by the UK. In May 2022, the United Kingdom wowed audiences around the world with Sam Ryder's catchy Space Man but sadly, he was pipped to the post. Ukraine's entry Kalush Orchestra won the international competition with their song Stefania and so the night ended with the band lifting the iconic trophy. Since then, the EBU has announced that for "safety and security reasons", the contest cannot be held in Ukraine as the war with Russia continues. But this is good news for UK fans as the BBC will instead take over Ukraine's broadcaster UA:PBC in hosting Eurovision 2023. READ MORE: Maneskin's Damiano David supports stunning girlfriend in cosy pics Typically, tickets for Eurovision come out either early the same year or late the year prior to the contest. Eurovision World predicts that tickets for the 2023 competition are going to go on sale in late 2022. Prior to them being made available to the public, decisions have got to be made regarding exactly where it will take place as the host city has not yet been picked. After that, it will be which venue and the number of tickets sold will be determined by the size of the area and its staging. Tickets have been released in batches in previous years, depending on the allocation of seats so this will most likely be the case for the 2023 show. There will be tickets on sale for nine shows in total, six rehearsals and three live shows. The rehearsals are going to be the Jury Rehearsals which occur the night before a live show and will be watched by the national juries who will cast their votes. Family Rehearsals take place in the afternoon on the same day as the live shows. The only three shows to be broadcast are the two semi-finals and the Grand Final. DON'T MISS...Duchess of Cornwall hits back at ‘royal racist’ claims  [ROYAL]Endeavour’s Roger Allam shares heartache of leaving Fred Thursday [EXIT]‘Floundering’ Harry’s US ambitions savaged by Sharon Osbourne [EXPLAINER] The BBC has staged Eurovision more times than any other broadcaster, hosting in London in 1960, 1963 and 1977, Edinburgh in 1972, Brighton in 1974, Harrogate in 1982 and Birmingham in 1998. The Host City will be chosen in the coming months following a bidding process which will launch this week. As of yet, the dates for the Eurovision Song Contest 2023 haven't been announced. The logo for the 2023 is also going to be revealed and is expected to "reflect the unique staging of next year’s Contest and the cooperation between the host country and this year’s winners".  The Eurovision Song Contest's executive supervisor Martin Osterdahl said: “We’re exceptionally grateful that the BBC has accepted to stage the Eurovision Song Contest in the UK in 2023. “The BBC has taken on hosting duties for other winning countries on four previous occasions. "Continuing in this tradition of solidarity, we know that next year’s Contest will showcase the creativity and skill of one of Europe’s most experienced public broadcasters whilst ensuring this year’s winners, Ukraine, are celebrated and represented throughout the event.” The Eurovision Song Contest 2023 will be hosted in the UK next year.