The A5049 West Derby Road was closed in both directions on Monday morning after a crash at around 2am. Footage shows the two cop cars crash, with one mounted atop the other and both wedged into a barricade. other Images from the scene of the West Derby Road crash show two police cars are involved. Emergency services are at the scene, with forensic officers and detectives expected to carry out investigations. It is not yet clear if any other vehicles are involved in the incident. A cordon is in place from Victoria Road (Church of St John the Baptist) to Lisburn Lane (Tuebrook roundabout). A Merseytravel spokesperson flagged travel disruption over the police car crash. They told the Liverpool Echo: "Due to a road traffic collision West Derby Road is currently closed in both directions between Green Lane and Lower Breck Road. Bus Services in this area will be subject to delays and diversions." A local, who passed the crash on his way to work, told the outlet police said the area is expected to be closed off for “much of the day”. Express.co.uk has contacted Merseyside Police for comment. It comes just a day after a Cumbria police patrol car smashed, flipped and crashed through a garden wall in Workington. Officers had been driving the patrol car to an emergency when it was involved in a crash on Mossbay Road at 9:30pm on Sunday The vehicle collided with a red Suzuki car before going through the garden wall, with the two officers remarkably only suffering minor injuries. No one else was hurt in the incident. The road was closed late last night while the crash was investigated and the cars recovered. A spokesperson for Cumbria Police said: "A Cumbria Police patrol car has been involved in a road traffic collision in Mossbay Road in Workington this evening (9 July). "The incident occurred at around 9.30pm when the police car, which was travelling to an emergency incident, was in collision with a red Suzuki car before the police car collided with a garden wall, ending up on its roof. “The two officers travelling in the patrol car suffered minor injuries. “Nobody else was injured in the incident." Express.co.uk has contacted Merseyside Police for comment.