Everyone’s skin ages, but you can slow down signs of old skin by protecting it. Express.co.uk spoke exclusively to Mr Alex Karidis, MD FRCS, a highly respected and accredited cosmetic surgeon about the impact the sun, and UV radiation have on skin, especially the face, and how to combat premature ageing. Mr Karidis said: “While the warm weather can be good for us, UV radiation from the sun’s rays is the main culprit for premature ageing and pigmentation issues. “As the days get lighter and brighter, it’s even more important to make sure you are using adequate protection on your skin. “Investing in an SPF of 30 or above, separate from your moisturiser and makeup, will not only protect you from harmful UVA and UVB rays but will also help with anti-ageing and defending against the formation of dark spots.” He continued: “Prevention is always better than cure, so using a good SPF is the best place to start for anti-ageing needs. READ MORE: Best Amazon Prime Day beauty deals for 2022: 67% off ghd, CeraVe “But it’s also a good idea to integrate a retinol into your nighttime skincare routine to reverse any visible signs of ageing. “Retinol is a vitamin A derivative that stimulates collagen and is extremely effective in smoothing out skin texture and wrinkles. “It’s also definitely worth considering a course of laser treatments as the weather gets warmer,” the expert advised. “Low humidity and having the central heating on full blast during the winter can make your skin dull and dehydrated. DON'T MISS...Charles ‘ignores’ Camilla in public - body language expert claims [COMMENT]Food hack: Easy way to make your own butter for 99p [VIDEO]Keep peppers firm and fresh for 5 weeks with simple food storage hack [GUIDE] “Non-invasive laser treatments such as the ClearLift Laser treatment is a powerful but safe way to prime the skin for the warmer air and increased humidity of the sunnier days ahead, whilst combating signs of ageing. “Laser treatments will firm up and refresh the skin, as well as reverse existing problems with texture and pigmentation so that your skin is refreshed and ready for the summer months.” Another way to hydrate ageing skin is with a treatment called Profhilo. Mr Karidis explained what it involves: “Profhilo contains a high concentration of hyaluronic acid that not only boosts and hydrates the skin but also tightens sagging tissue. READ MORE: Beauty: Two areas to target to look younger ‘immediately’ “Hyaluronic acid draws and holds water in the skin, so Profhilo works as a hydrator rather than a filler. “Dull, tired-looking skin is transformed into a luminous, glowing complexion within three to five days of treatment. The longevity of results varies but we find patients typically need two to four treatments spaced four weeks apart, and may request a top-up between three to six months. “This also varies depending on the degree of skin ageing.” As for what the best age is to get the treatment, the expert said: “Profhilo is suitable for men and women of all skin types who want to improve skin elasticity and hydration. “It’s particularly effective for those that are experiencing the first signs of ageing as you may require a more invasive treatment if skin laxity is more advanced.”