Alex de Minaur's five-set thriller against Cristian Garin took an even more dramatic turn in the final few games when the Australian cut his hand after diving for a ball at the back of the court and required medical attention. De Minaur made it through to the fourth round of Wimbledon for the first time in his career and had one foot in the quarter-finals after going two sets up against Garin. But the Chilean fought back in a dramatic third set tiebreak to work his way back into the match. That gave him the momentum going into the fourth with Garin going on to force a deciding set. Little was being given away by either player after both broke each other's serves in the first two games. But De Minaur finally had a chance to break serve in the ninth game, which gave him two chances to win the match. Garin held the first match point as De Minaur dropped a backhand into the net. The Aussie was clearly desperate to avoid missing the second attempt when Garin fired down a smash with De Minaur deep behind the baseline. He was caught wrongfooted by Garin's shot and had to dive to try and get a racket on the smash. De Minaur flung himself to make the shot, but he was unable to keep the ball in play as Garin brought it back to deuce. But play had to be stopped when De Minaur noticed his hand was bleeding befor needing medical attention at a crucial part of the match. De Minaur immediately reached for the towel to try and stop the bleeding on his finger.  The physio was then called to the court with the 23-year-old calling for a medical time out. The match had just passed the four hour mark when De Minaur began receiving treatment on his hand. After several minutes and the wound being treated, De Minaur had his finger wrapped up and play got back underway. Meanwhile, Garin was still standing his side of the court waiting to serve and stay in the match. And he dealt with the delay perfectly, returning to action with two excellent points to hold serve with the match then going to a championship tiebreak. 