The vital supply link for Russian forces has been struck before, however, if destroyed, it would be a major blow to Moscow's defence of the Kherson region. A Twitter user, who goes by the alias Special Kherson Cat, tweeted that the bridge had been hit. The account often provides updates on the war in the region. It said: "It is alleged that this is a video of strikes on the Antonov bridge. "We will be able to find out exactly what is happening with the bridge in about 5-6 hours when the sun rises." Shortly after it added: "The video shows that there were indeed explosions on the Antonovsky Bridge." There has been speculation that the artillery attack may have resulted in the bridge being destroyed. JUST IN: Germany on 'cusp of RECESSION' – Eurozone on red alert as Merkel's legacy now in tatters But data analyst Oliver Alexander said he remained "sceptical" about such an account. He said: "I suspect that they have put many more holes in it severely compromising its structural integrity, but I doubt they would be able to bring it down completely with this strike." Other experts have suggested Putin's troops could face a major problem irrespective of whether the bridge has been destroyed. Louise Mensch, who served as the Brexit-backing Tory MP for Corby from 2010 to 2012, said: "[It is] very important to note that it does not matter if the bridge is destroyed or not. "It only matters if Ukraine can render it functionally inoperable for Russian military vehicles to flee across it. "If Ukraine has damaged the Antonovsky that much, it is all that counts." Despite reports about the attack, the Kremlin has been quick to dismiss such accounts. RIA Novosti, a Russian-state-owned news agency, took to the social media platform Telegram to deny the bridge had been destroyed. They said: "Ukrainian troops tried to strike at Kherson for the third time in a day, the air defence intercepted all the missiles, the administration of the Kherson region told RIA Novosti. "The authorities denied the information about the destruction of the Antonovsky Bridge across the Dnieper." DON'T MISSBBC Europe weather: 'Intense' heat to give way to 'heavy' thunder [FORECAST]Britain’s nuclear arsenal moves! Multiple warheads spotted being moved [LATEST]Ukraine poised to deliver fatal blow to Putin's war with new drones [REPORT] However, the reported attack comes just days after the UK's Ministry of Defence revealed a similar strike had taken place on July 19. Writing about the importance of the Kherson bridge to the Russians, the MoD said: "It is one of only two road crossing points over the Dnieper by which Russia can supply or withdraw its forces in the territory it has occupied west of the river." It had been suggested that Ukraine could have used US-supplied High Mobility Artillery Rocket Systems (HIMARS) in yesterday's strike. HIMARS were also reportedly used by Zelensky's men when they blew up a Russian ammunition depot in the occupied area of Snezhnoye, Donetsk.