Carlos Alcaraz continues to match Rafael Nadal's tennis path with the Spanish youngster set to enter the top 5 in the world rankings for the first time tomorrow. At the age of just 19, he is the youngest player to achieve that feat since the 22-time Grand Slam champion did so in 2005. The 36-year-old reached the top five just a month shy of turning 19 after winning his first of his 10 Rome Masters titles 17 years ago. Alcaraz confirmed he will be ranked at least fifth in the world come tomorrow after defeating Alex Molcan 7-6(2), 6-1 to set up a Hamburg Open final against Lorenzo Musetti. “It’s going to be a great final, I’m going to enjoy it,” Alcaraz said after his semi-final. “Of course Lorenzo is a great player. He has played great matches [to get to] the final, me as well. So, I have a lot of confidence for the final and hope to [make it] six of six.” However, the teen was unable to win a fifth title of the year as Musetti triumphed 6-4, 6-7(6), 6-4. The Italian defeated the tournament’s top seed and heavy favourite to win his first ATP Tour title after contesting the first final of his career. JUST IN: Nick Kyrgios explains why he respects Roger Federer, Rafael Nadal and Novak Djokovic more   Musetti let slip two championship points while serving for the match at 5-4 in the second set and had another three in the ensuing tie-break, including two on his serve. But instead of letting the lost opportunity deflate him, he battled hard in the decider to lift the trophy, falling to the clay after Alcaraz missed a final shot long. Like Alcaraz, following his first title win, Musetti will climb to a career-high World No 31 tomorrow. Alcaraz will no doubt be looking ahead to the North American hardcourt swing which will culminate at the US Open, the final Grand Slam of the year. Following an appearance at Flushing Meadows, the youngster may be in line to join the Big Four at the Laver Cup following the announcement that Novak Djokovic will be joining Rafael Nadal, Roger Federer and Andy Murray on Team Europe in September. DON'T MISSCarlos Alcaraz issued 'big word' warning about Rafael Nadal as comparisons rage onCarlos Alcaraz could be taken under the wing of Djokovic, Nadal, Federer and MurrayCarlos Alcaraz opens up on Wimbledon woe as tennis' next big hope after Djokovic and Nadal   Federer’s agent Tony Godsick previously revealed that there were ongoing talks to sign Alcaraz up for his debut appearance. “Captain Borg would love to have him on the team, as would we,” the Laver Cup boss told the i in May. “I know some discussions have taken place. The indication I’ve heard from the team is that he’s excited about learning more. I’m optimistic that he’s going to play.”