Paddy Pimblett has revealed that he won’t be fighting in the United Kingdom until 2025. ‘The Baddy’ affirmed that he will only fight in his home country under the UFC banner again if they book a card at Anfield. Pimblett has been campaigning for an event at the home of his beloved Liverpool FC since joining the promotional company. During an interview on the Anfield pitch last month, Pimblett told BT Sport: “I know I’m going to bring it here [Anfield], I know I’m going to bring it here. I know I’m eventually going to fight here; I’ve visualised it and I’ve imagined it over the years and now it’s getting closer and closer to happening. I know full well it’s going to happen. It’s going to happen over the next five years. “This city will make it happen. Fans of this football club, we’re not just fans, we’re family, we all stick up for each other, we’re all one for all, all for one, and I just can’t wait to bring the UFC here and show everyone around the world what type of a city we are.” Despite Pimblett’s insistence, Dana White is less than convinced by the proposition of an outdoor show in England. Talking to the Spinning Backfist MMA show, White said: "I'm not going outside. I'm definitely not going outside in f***ing England. Listen, if you're going to go outside you go to Abu Dhabi where it's hot as hell and absolutely not going to rain." Now, Pimblett is doubling down on his demands and claims he will not fight in the UK again unless his request is granted. “As I say I highly doubt I’ll fight in the UK ever again until like 2025, when they can do Anfield, that’s the only time that I can see myself fighting in the UK ever again to be honest when they do Anfield,” Pimblett told Energized Show. MORE UFC NEWS... McGregor told next UFC fight after Diaz lifted lid on White's plan Pimblett warned of looking like 'an idiot' and told he's no McGregor Paddy Pimblett vindicated as bold statement proven to be true Pimblett is set to face Jordan Leavitt at the O2 Arena, London, this weekend on the UFC Fight Night 208 main card. Coming into the bout, he is 18-3 in professional MMA and 2-0 inside the UFC. The Liverpudlian has two first-round finishes from his inaugural UFC contests against Luigi Vendramini and Rodrigo Vargas and picked up the performance of the night bonus in both. His opponent, Leavitt, is 10-1 overall and 3-1 inside the UFC. The American mixed martial artist is coming off a decision victory over Trey Ogden in his last contest.