Coronation Street actor Alan Halsall has been part of the long-running ITV soap since 1996, portraying garage owner and mechanic Tyrone Dobbs. Over the years, Tyrone has had his fair share of drama including several relationships and one where he became a victim at the hands of a physically and emotionally abusive girlfriend. He later had an affair and left his wife Fiz Stape (played by Jenny McApline) for a younger woman. Tyrone and Fiz will seen another twist in their relationship after her wedding to Phill Whittaker (Jamie Kenna) ended in heartbreak for her husband-to-be. But what about the actor’s real love life? /latest/ Halsall was married to Corrie co-star Lucy-Jo Hudson with the two actors first meeting on the show’s set back in 2002, but they didn’t start going out until three years later. At the time, Lucy-Jo was playing Katy Harris in the show, later going on to star in Wild at Heart, Doctors, Age Before Beauty, and Hollyoaks. But they only got married in 2009 with the couple welcoming daughter Sienna-Rae in 2013. After several years of marriage, the couple announced in 2016 they were splitting up. READ MORE: Jamie Kenna wife: Who is Corrie's Phill Whittaker star married to? In a joint statement from their representative, they said: “Lucy-Jo Hudson and Alan Halsall are sad to announce that they have separated. “They have shared many wonderful years together and will remain close friends. “They ask for privacy at this emotional time, to allow both to focus on their beautiful daughter Sienna-Rae, to ensure her continued happiness.” However, the separation was short-lived and they later rekindled their romance and remained together. In 2018, the couple confirmed they were ending their marriage with a statement, which read: “I can confirm Al and I are in the process of divorcing.” She added: “We remain friends and devoted Mummy and Daddy to our daughter Sienna.” Since their divorce, both Alan and Lucy-Jo have found new partners. The former Katy Harris star went on to date actor Lewis Devine and the couple welcomed their son Carter in 2020. DON'T MISS...Samia Longchambon age: How old is Coronation Street star? [INSIGHT]Georgia Taylor age: How old is Coronation Street star? [EXPLAINER]Jack P Shepherd age: How old is Coronation Street's David Platt star? [ANALYSIS]  Meanwhile, Alan is now in a relationship with another Coronation Street actress Tisha Merry, who plays Steph Britton. Alan and Tisha have shared details of their romance on social media with the couple moving in together in 2019 after they started dating in April of the same year. In 2020, Alan shared a cute snap of the couple on Instagram, captioning the image: "1 year. 12 months. 52 weeks. 365 days. 8760 hours. 525,600 minutes. 31,536,000 seconds.......& I’ve loved every second. "What a difference a year makes and what a difference you make to my life!!” He concluded: "Happy anniversary @missdrewmerry93 I love you." They previously spoke about wanting to start a family together with Tisha telling OK! previously: "He’ll be so amazing.” She went on to tell the outlet: "When we were still friends, I got asked to babysit and asked Alan to come along. We got there and it was just Alan babysitting. "He’s such a good dad; he’s so caring and loving. He notices everything and his communication with Sienna is so strong. I would love that for our child if we have one." Alan has previously joked about the pair falling pregnant when he shared an ultrasound of his liver and wrote: "We can now share this wonderful news with you all and we’re very proud to announce ... this is a scan of my liver in perfect condition, ready for when the pubs re-open……." Coronation Street airs on ITV tonight at 8pm