Piers Morgan, 57, hit out at Nick Kyrgios, 27, once again as he took on Stefanos Tsitsipas, 23, at Wimbledon on Saturday. As the match got underway, Piers tweeted: “Kyrgios is such a pathetic little brat #Wimbledon.” He then received a reply from Olympian Stephen Martin who wrote: “Brat maybe but a very talented tennis player @piersmorgan. Has a bit of attitude like yourself. We like that.”Piers found Stephen’s quip amusing and wrote back: “I know... Kyrgios is about half as good as he thinks he is, and utterly insufferable. READ MORE:Steph McGovern shares health concerns as Packed Lunch wraps Adam stated: “Incorrect. Nick Kyrgios is a top five player, if he wanted to be.” Etienne echoed: “He’s twice as good as you think he is Piers. Are you actually watching him play or just harrumphing for likes on here.”Craig remarked: “He has the talent to be #1, and a multiple-Slam winner. He has the temperament of a hormonal teenage boy.” (sic)And Ian said: “Love him or hate him, unbelievable from Kyrgios!” Tonight, Kyrgios triumphed against Tsitsipas during their third round match.Now, his 6-7 6-4 6-3 7-6 victory has landed him a place in the second week of tournaments at the All England Club.The match was nothing-less than explosive after both players were handed code violations after losing their temper.Tsitsipas has since apologised after he hit his ball into the crowd out of frustration and narrowly missed a spectator’s head. DON'T MISSNovak Djokovic's sad confession about marriage to wife Jelena[INSIGHT]Christine McGuinness' pals begged her to leave Paddy[LATEST]Monty Don and wife 'lost everything' as they were left almost bankrupt[NEWS] Speaking after the game, the Greek player confirmed he was aiming for Kyrgios and branded him a “bully”.He said: “I was aiming for the body of my opponent.”When asked why he was trying to hit Kyrgios, he added: “Just to stop. This needs to stop. Someone needs to sit down and talk with him.  "I'm not used to playing this way but I cannot just sit there and act like a robot...It starts to get to your nerves. You are out there doing your job and you have noise coming from the other side of the court for no reason.” He then added: “I don’t like bullys.” Kyrgios, however, was more positive about his opponent in his on-court interview, saying that he is one “hell of a player”.He said: “Honestly, it was a hell of an atmosphere, an amazing match. I felt like the favourite coming in, I beat [Tsitsipas] a couple of weeks ago."He's a hell of a player, he knows how to beat me, he's beaten me once. I'm so happy to be through. He was getting frustrated at times. It is a frustrating sport."I have ultimate respect for him, whatever happens on the court I love him and I'm close with his brother. It's amazing, everywhere I go I seem to have full stadiums. The media loves to say I'm bad for the sport but clearly I'm not."