Jesse Lingard is reportedly weighing up a lucrative offer from a Saudi Arabian club as he bids to find a new side by next Friday. Wantaway Manchester United star Cristiano Ronaldo was also presented with a proposal from the Middle East according to claims made earlier this week, before the Portuguese decided to take his search for a new club elsewhere. Lingard has been a free agent since coming to the end of his Manchester United contract in June, and a handful of Premier League clubs have supposedly explored options to sign him. The attacking midfielder's career looked to be taking off when he spent the last half of the 2020/21 season on loan at West Ham, notching 14 goal contributions in 16 matches. He then opted to give things another shot with his boyhood club Man Utd, where he was frozen out of the team and made just 16 Premier League appearances last term. With a move inevitable this summer, the 29-year-old supposedly wants to be bedding in at his new club by next Friday at the latest. The Athletic claim that Lingard has ruled out a switch to MLS side DC United, but is still weighing up a huge offer from Saudi Arabia. The proposal would see him earn just shy of £200,000-a-week, and is one of three options Lingard is thought to be considering. While it is still a healthy pay packet, it pales in comparison to the reported £105m-per-year commitment that Ronaldo slapped down. JUST IN: Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag mocked by ruthless chant after Melbourne Victory take lead The Englishman's preference is supposedly to stay in the Premier League, with West Ham and Everton among those rumoured to be considering a move. Wage demands have posed an insurmountable hurdle so far, however, and it remains to be seen whether Lingard would be prepared to take a pay cut in order to stay in England. Whatever happens, Lingard will embark on a new chapter after more than 20 years on United's books. He was evidently keen to give his career every chance at Old Trafford, but was given extremely limited opportunities by both Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick last season. DON'T MISS: Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd agree fee, Chelsea eyeing two deals, Ronaldo offer There were rumours that Lingard was desperate to jump ship in January, with Newcastle United putting together a lucrative loan proposal as they splashed the cash to try and avoid relegation. But United effectively blocked the move by demanding even more money, which reportedly upset the player. As the Red Devils prepare for a season without Lingard in the senior squad for the first time since 2010, new boss Erik ten Hag has set about bolstering his attacking midfield options by agreeing a deal to sign Christian Eriksen. The Dane impressed in a short-term spell at Brentford last season, showing that he is ready to return to the top level after suffering a cardiac arrest on the pitch at Euro 2020. Things may be looking up for United, who followed up their pre-season thrashing of Liverpool on Tuesday with another win over Melbourne Victory on Friday. Aussie fans mocked Ten Hag after they took a shock lead within five minutes, singing "you're getting sacked in the morning," but the Red Devils responded in the best way possible. It has been a particularly positive sequence of pre-season matches for Anthony Martial, who was chosen to start both games up top and scored both times. Scott McTominay and Marcus Rashford were also on the scoresheet against Melbourne Victory, and an own goal capped off a 4-1 win as United creep closer to their start of their Premier League campaign.