Arsenal reported transfer target Sergio Gomez has an injury and could miss the start of the season. Anderlecht ace Gomez is linked with a move to the Gunners as an alternative to Oleksandr Zinchenko. Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta is in the market for a left-back this summer. The Spaniard wants cover for Kieran Tierney, who has struggled with injuries in recent seasons. The Gunners have missed out on Ajax star Lisandro Martinez, who has agreed to join Manchester United instead. Manchester City's Oleksandr Zinchenko is now a top target after initial interest earlier this summer. The Mail reports a deal could be struck between Arsenal and City in the coming days. Transfer expert Fabrizio Romano says Gomez is also on the list for Arteta if that deal falls through. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd agree fee, Chelsea eyeing two deals, Ronaldo offer  However, there could already be a stumbling block to the deal. Belgian outlet La Derniere Heure says Gomez has a groin injury which has prevented him from featuring in Anderlecht's pre-season friendlies to date. The 21-year-old could miss the start of the upcoming campaign due to the issue. The report also says Anderlecht are yet to receive contact from Arsenal regarding their interest in the player. Arsenal had issues at left-back last season. Tierney missed the last 10 games of the campaign after undergoing knee surgery. The former Celtic star also missed a sizable chunk of the previous season due to a knee problem. Arteta brought in Nuno Tavares from Benfica last summer in the hope of him providing capable support to Tierney. DON'T MISSChelsea transfer collapse 'pleases' Nathan Ake as Man City deal off for two reasonsBarcelona dressing room reaction after Frenkie de Jong ‘tells them he’ll reject Man Utd’Arsenal set to sign Man City star Oleksandr Zinchenko 'in days' as fee details emerge  The Portuguese ace initially started well but fell out of favour at the turn of the year. Tavares was dragged off in the first half of the FA Cup third round defeat to Nottingham Forest in January and was not always picked by Arteta even when Tierney was unavailable towards the end of the season. Tavares could leave on loan in this window, with Marseille interested in him. Speaking in April, Arteta insisted the 22-year-old had to learn from his mistakes. He said: “Throughout your career you have to go through difficult moments. He’s had some really good periods since he arrived at the club and he was playing many more minutes than he was probably expecting. "That’s the life of a player, especially at that age. There’s ups and downs and we are here to try and help him and make his career better, and that’s what we’re going to do.” 