Elvis Presley's daughter Lisa Marie Presley, 54, has paid a touching tribute to her late son Benjamin Keough to mark the anniversary of his tragic death. The King of Rock ’n’ Roll’s grandson died by suicide two years ago at the age of 27. To mark the sad anniversary, Lisa unveiled the matching tattoos she and her beloved son shared. She took to Instagram to pen a heartfelt tribute to Benjamin in view of her 427,000 followers on Tuesday. Lisa uploaded a picture of the inkings the pair got done on their feet years ago on Mother’s Day, which symbolised their eternal connection. She captioned the snap: “Several years ago, on Mother's Day, my son and I got these matching tattoos on our feet. READ MORE: Nadia Sawalha, 57, stuns as she poses in nude in ‘skinny dipping’ shot “It’s a Celtic eternity knot. Symbolizing that we will be connected eternally. “We carefully picked it to represent our eternal love and our eternal bond.” Lisa signed off the message with a broken heart emoji alongside a sad face emoji. Fans soon rushed to the post’s comments section to send Lisa words of support. Difalcoelena wrote: “Your baby he will forever be. “I’m so incredibly sorry he is not here with you.” Missliz_martinez added: “You beautiful son is now your guardian angel and will always be with you. “My most sincere condolences on this immense loss on you and your beloved family.” DON'T MISS...Britney Spears, 40, showcases amazing figure in NUDE swimming snaps [UPDATE]Drew Barrymore, 47, puts on dazzling display at Dolce & Gabbana event [INSIGHT]Carol Vorderman, 61, wows in figure-hugging leopard print leggings [ANALYSIS] Moonchild_mary typed: “Our heart is forever with you and your family. “May he be resting easy with his Grandpa.” Lisa’s daughter, Riley Keough, also remembered her late brother on the anniversary of his death with a social media post. In view of her 495,000 followers, Riley shared a picture of the pair on the day of her wedding to Ben Smith-Peterson back in 2015. She could be seen brimming with joy in her long-sleeved v-neck wedding gown while her brother looked dapper in a black suit and tie. Riley wrote in the caption: “Not an hour goes by where I don’t think of you and miss you. “It’s been two years today since you left and I still can’t believe you’re not here.” Riley concluded: “You are so loved my Ben Ben.”