The summer holidays have finally begun, which means royal children in both the UK and the US are off school. Prince George, Princess Charlotte, Prince Louis, and their cousins, Archie and Lili, will be enjoying the sunshine this July and August, like every other child. This means there will be more work for the Cambridges and the Sussexes to do to entertain their children at home. Express.co.uk spoke to two parenting experts about Kate and Meghan’s parenting styles, which highlight the different ways both mothers care for their children. Tiffany Norris, or The Mummy Concierge, is a maternity guru who has worked with celebrities and members of royal families worldwide. Noting the qualities she has noticed about Kate and Meghan’s parenting, she said: “Kate Middleton is a hands on, sensitive and warm mummy. READ MORE: Meghan Markle’s aquamarine necklace has hidden meaning “She has a lovely balance of sensitivity and gentle boundaries. “I’d describe Kate as a lighthouse mother – she guides her children but lets them head out on their own too so that they can learn to be independent.” Meanwhile, Meghan is what Tiffany called a “lawnmower mother”. She explained: “Meghan is a very modern mother. DON'T MISS: Easy way to deep clean a ‘filthy’ rug in less than 10 minutes [VIDEO]Keep bread fresh & mould-free for 3 wks with quirky food storage hack [EXPERT]Easy way to clean pillows without a washing machine [COMMENT] “I would say she is a lawnmower mother – meaning she will be hands on and make sure she removes any obstacles from her children’s way. “She will make sure her children grow up surrounded by healthy living, exercise, and an understanding of mental health.” Speaking of mental health, parenting expert at Guide Plus, Leon Hady, previously told Express.co.uk that this is important to Kate too. He said: “Both Kate and Meghan have spoken out about the importance of mental health and wellbeing and this can be seen in a practical sense in the images of both mothers with their children. “The photos of Kate and Meghan with their little ones show the warmth, affection and close bond they both clearly have with their children,” Leon continued. “Kate has previously spoken about the importance of letting children explore and play in nature. “Photos of Kate often depict her taking part in games and getting down to eye level with her children, which allows her children to feel a sense of security and feel reassured that they have her undivided attention. “Similarly, images of Meghan often show a very young Archie being held close in a display of protection, and gives an indication of Meghan’s commitment to the privacy of her children respected from a very young age, in order to enable them to have as normal an upbringing as possible.” Although Kate and Meghan are hugely privileged to be able to afford excellent childcare, Tiffany stressed that no matter who a person is, “motherhood is undoubtedly scary”. She said: “I think people can have the perception that because you are in the public eye, or have a lot of money, that you will be able to get as much help as possible when your newborn arrives. “This might be the case, but that doesn’t mean that famous parents don’t avoid the emotional impact of becoming a mother. “I’ve had celebrity clients sob down the phone to me at 3am because they are worried about if their baby is getting enough milk, or if the baby carrier they have bought is the safest one.”