Haydn Griffiths went missing on July 19 at around 10.30pm. He had gone swimming with a friend at Derby Pool in New Brighton, Merseyside. The 23-year-old was trying to swim out to the wind turbines when he disappeared in the water and did not resurface, reports The Liverpool Echo. A search party was launched by the Coastguard and lifeboat volunteers, along with police and the fire service - but it was called off at around 5pm on Wednesday, July 20, after 18 hours. The family of the missing swimmer travelled to Merseyside overnight on Wednesday to continue the search for Haydn on Thursday. Since being in the area, the family has searched the shoreline along New Brighton, Hoylake, Leasowe, Wallasey, Crosby and Widnes. Haydn's sister, Megan Griffiths, described her "little bro" as "an athlete" and said she believes he is “out there and fighting”. She said: "He got stung by a jellyfish, which Maria [who Haydn was swimming with] said sent him into a shock and he got cramp in both of his legs. "Maybe he washed onto a remote beach and is too injured to find help? "Maybe he’s still out at sea, hanging onto a buoy. Haydn is so strong. "The RNLI coastguard has been incredible and the search party have been amazing. "This is the most important search in the whole wide world as my incredible baby brother is out there. "He is the strongest human I've ever met and I know he's out there fighting." Megan went on to thank the emergency services and the dozens of people who came to the beach to search with them. She said: "I just want to say how blessed our family is by the overwhelming support of friends, family and complete strangers. "There are so many kind souls dedicating their time to search for Haydn. "We will keep strong and keep searching." Merseyside Police continue to carry out enquiries into Haydn’s disappearance. In a statement, officers issued a description of the 23-year-old and said he was last seen wearing dark-coloured swimming shorts. Haydn is white, 6ft 1in tall, of athletic build with short blonde hair and blue eyes. The force added: "We are continuing to carry out enquiries following reports that a 23-year-old man, Haydn Griffiths, has gone missing while swimming in the River Mersey off New Brighton at around 10.30pm on Tuesday. “Haydn was last seen in the water at the Derby Pool, New Brighton, wearing dark coloured swimming shorts attempting to swim towards the windmills in the area. "An extensive search of the river was carried out last night and today by the Maritime and Coastguard Agency but Haydn was not found and the search has now been suspended. "Haydn is white, 6ft 1in tall, of athletic build with short blonde hair and blue eyes. Enquiries remain ongoing to find Haydn." If you see Haydn or have any information, please contact us via @MerPolCC on Twitter, "Merseyside Police Contact Centre" on Facebook, 101, quoting reference 22000518807.