Dame Deborah James has been honoured by Vogue magazine in a list of their most influential women of the year. The campaigner and podcast host, who died last month, was praised for raising more than £7million for cancer charities. In a list of 25 inspirational women including the Queen, Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe and Victoria Beckham, Deborah has been celebrated. She died two weeks ago aged 40, having bravely battled bowel cancer since 2016. Deborah tirelessly raised awareness of the condition that would eventually take her life, as well as sparking millions of pounds worth of donations to cancer charities with her Bowel Babe fund. “After she was diagnosed with stage-three bowel cancer aged 35, Deborah James – who sadly passed away last month – began documenting her treatment online and on the BBC podcast You, Me and the Big C,” said Vogue. “Praised for her candidness, she not only helped other sufferers with practical advice, but convinced many more to visit their GPs. “When, in May, James shared her terminal diagnosis, she simultaneously launched a fund for Cancer Research UK. “Having raised more than £7 million, her unrivalled campaigning will continue to impact countless lives,” they concluded. In May, Deborah had shared the heartbreaking news with her 404k Instagram followers that she had ended her active cancer treatment and was moving into hospice at home care. “The message I never wanted to write,” she began. “We have tried everything, but my body simply isn’t playing ball. “My active care has stopped and I am now moved to hospice at home care, with my incredible family all around me and the focus is on making sure I’m not in pain and spending time with them. “Nobody knows how long I’ve got left but I’m not able to walk, I’m sleeping most of the days, and most things I took for granted are pipe dreams.” DON'T MISSComedian Rhod Gilbert announces he’s undergoing cancer treatment[LATEST]Strictly's Nadiya Bychkova shares sweet snap with boyfriend Kai's move[PICTURES]Alex Scott admits she puts 'on an act' as she addresses her struggles[NEWS] The mum-of-two continued: “I know we have left no stone unturned. But even with all the innovative cancer drugs in the world or some magic new breakthrough, my body just can’t continue anymore.” She had been diagnosed with stage three bowel cancer in 2016, which went on to become stage four, meaning it was incurable. On 29 June, her devastated family announced the news she had passed away. Alongside a beautiful picture of the podcast host, a loved one wrote: "We are deeply saddened to announce the death of Dame Deborah James; the most amazing wife, daughter, sister, mummy. Deborah passed away peacefully today, surrounded by her family.” She was survived by her husband Sebastien Bowen, and two children Hugo, 14, and Eloise, 12. One month before her death, Deborah was made a dame, with Prince William visiting her home to bestow her the honour. Downing Street announced the news in a press release, which stated: "The Queen has been pleased to approve that the honour of Damehood be conferred upon Deborah James." The Queen's honours are usually announced as part of the New Year Honours or the Queen's Birthday Honours, but they are occasionally given at other times in exceptional circumstances, such as when Captain Sir Tom Moore received his knighthood.