Officers are now carrying out forensic examinations after the gruesome find on Wednesday night in central Bradford, West Yorkshire. They had been searching for Somaiya Begum, 20, who was last seen at her home in the Barkerend area of the city, just two miles from the discovery. But West Yorkshire Police say formal identification of the body had not taken place. Somaiya's family have, though, been informed, reports Yorkshire Live. A 52-year-old man has been re-arrested on suspicion of murder and now remains in police custody. West Yorkshire Police issued this statement yesterday: "Detectives investigating the disappearance of Somaiya Begum from Bradford have found a body. "Extensive enquiries have been carried out since she was reported missing on the 26 June to find her, officers would like to thank the community in assisting the investigation which is ongoing. "At 19.35 yesterday evening a body was found near Fitzwilliam Street, Bradford. "A scene is in place whilst forensic examinations are ongoing. "Although formal identification has yet to take place the family of Somaiya have been informed. "A 52-year-old man has been re-arrested on suspicion of murder and remains in police custody at this time." The news has saddened and shocked residents in the city centre and in Barkerend, an inner city neighbourhood east of the city. Hemin Hadi, 39, said he was told that a body had been found in a bush. He added that he was devastated and says workers at a garage near the grim find were "obviously shocked" by the news. One of Somaiya's neighbours described Somaiya as a "very quiet and very reserved woman".  "I’ve not seen her smile," said the neighbour, who did not want to be named. She added: "I’m happy she has been found but the circumstances are so very sad. At least she can be at peace. "I am very sad. I’ve been thinking about her a lot. I am going to put some flowers outside her door." Another resident of on the same street, a young father, said "his young daughter had been left terrified in recent days," after the news. He said: "We are just shocked. People were worrying and asking ‘where has she gone.’ "She has been found now so there is some relief. "It has been worrying - my daughter is scared to walk home from school and go to sleep at night. "People have been asking questions about the missing girl."