Firefighters have issued an urgent warning to drivers who park on residential streets after one of their fire engines was blocked and delayed from attending an emergency response. Thankfully, no one was seriously hurt in the incident. Despite having access issues, the fire brigade managed to rescue a man in his 50s and his dog after a small kitchen fire broke out. The home in Bedminster, Bristol was attended by two fire engines around 1pm on July 2, BristolLive reported. The fire was started accidentally on the ground floor of a terraced home. No one was injured and the flames were put out quickly. READ MORE: Drivers warned of huge chaos as fuel protests set to take place However, a car parked on the corner of the road made the street difficult to pass, costing the emergency response team valuable minutes. Steve Quinton, Duty Group Manager for Avon Fire and Rescue, said: "We were called at 12.29pm to Ashgrove Road in Bedminster. “We initially had two appliances from Bedminster and one appliance from Temple. “We were called to a house fire, a cooking fire in the kitchen on the ground floor. DON'T MISS New petrol station rules see drivers charged £100 at self-service pump [INSIGHT] Motorists told to 'brake and accelerate less' to boost efficiency [ADVICE] Drivers issued key warning for 'crash for cash' scams - hotspots named [WARNING] “We were called by the occupant and it was a small fire involving cooking. "We had one 56-year-old male and one dog treated by fire service for minor smoke inhalation. “It was accidental ignition and we had two breathing apparatus and a high press jet. “No one was conveyed to hospital." READ MORE: Drivers appalled by UK law changes coming this month Mr Quinton also issued an urgent warning to drivers. He said: "Car parking in that area is always a challenge for us and whilst our fire appliances are getting more compact, the plea is to always consider parking in and around those areas because I get that the streets are tight but it does hinder our attendance." This was also not the first time that emergency vehicles have struggled to gain access because of badly parked cars. In April, a fire engine got stuck in Bristol while trying to reach a fire. The whole situation was described as a “nightmare”. On top of that, firefighters have previously shared footage of them having to abandon their vehicles. They had to make their way on foot to an emergency because they couldn’t make it through the streets. This was once again caused by badly parked cars.