BETTER CALL SAUL series six came back with a bang and now it's almost time for the aftermath to unravel as it is the beginning of the end for the Breaking Bad prequel. Here's everything there is to know to watch Better Call Saul's next episode online. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Better Call Saul. Better Call Saul season six returned for part two last week after fans had to wait more than a month for its comeback. Season six, episode nine of the prequel will be airing in America in its usual time slot on Monday, July 18, at 9pm ET/PT on AMC. For those who may not be able to watch the instalment live, there is way to catch up on the latest drama online. Once Better Call Saul episodes come out on AMC, they are also dropped on its streaming service AMC+. READ MORE: Harrison Ford told Steven Spielberg to change Indiana Jones scene The entirety of the Better Call Saul boxset so far is also available to stream on the US platform. An AMC+ subscription costs $8.99 per month and offers a seven-day free trial for first-time customers prior to subscribing. As of yet, the streamer isn't available in the UK, with AMC+ only accessible in the US, Canada and Australia. UK fans instead have to go through another streaming service in order to watch Better Call Saul. Season six of the Bob Odenkirk-led drug drama is available on the international streamer Netflix. Long-term fans of the series will already know that, much like AMC+, the boxset of Better Call Saul can be accessed through Netflix, including the latest episodes. The main difference, however, is that new instalments come out a day later on Netflix than on AMC and its streaming service. UK viewers can watch Better Call Saul season six, episode nine, from 8am GMT on Netflix. DON'T MISS...'He didn't like me' Fern Britton opens up on 'difficult' TV co-star [EXPLAINER]Rhea Seehorn husband: Is the Better Call Saul actress married? [CAST]Better Call Saul season 6, episode 9 release: What time is it out? [RELEASE TIME] Fans were left stunned following the dramatic events of series six's midseason premiere. It was a battle to the death for Lalo Salamanca (played by Tony Dalton) and Gus Fring (Giancarlo Esposito) as they were shooting bullets left, right and centre in the lab. Gus then pulled a bold move in switching off the lights so the rivals were shooting blindly into the dark. When the lights were switched back on, it was discovered that Lalo had been shot in the neck and was left dying in a pool of blood. Season six will be Better Call Saul's final outing as the series is going to be wrapped up for good. As the show comes to a close, it has already been confirmed Walter White star Bryan Cranston and Jesse Pinkman's Aaron Paul will make an appearance. Better Call Saul season six will conclude with 13 episodes, with the finale airing on Monday, August 15. Better Call Saul season 6 is available to watch on AMC in America and Netflix in the UK.