Match of the Day presenter Gary Lineker has addressed his future at the BBC football programme on Twitter. It comes after the presenter, 61, sparked concern after sharing a tweet on the subject of resignations ahead of Prime Minister Boris Johnson stepping down earlier today. Yesterday, Gary couldn't help but weigh in on the multiple resignations in government in view of his 8.5 million followers. He wrote: "A shout out to #NationalResigningDay." Following his post, one concerned MOTD fan asked for reassurance about the star's future on the show. Twitter user @Bigalanh5 replied: "Don’t leave MOTD please!" READ MORE: Fern Britton mocks 'toy boy' Boris over Carrie as she carries baby The star was quick to nip any thought of him leaving the show in the bud. Gary responded: "Why would I? I’m afraid you’re stuck with me for a while," alongside a laughing face. Following Boris' resignation today, Gary took to Twitter to post: "And…..breathe," with in view of his followers. It comes after more than 40 ministers and aides quit their posts yesterday amid calls for the PM to leave his post. Gary has been presenting Match of the Day since the late 90s following his retirement from professional football. The broadcaster is one of the best-paid stars of the BBC, being paid a reported £1.75 million annually from 2016 until the 2019/2020 financial year. However, his new contract saw him take a pay cut of 23 percent. It equates to a cut of £400,000 and the five-year deal is said to be worth £6.75million. DON'T MISS... Brian May slams Brexit 'great lie' as he celebrates Boris' resignation [INSIGHT]James Caan dead: The Godfather star dies aged 82 [BREAKING]Michael Caine, 89, supported by assistant while using walking frame [ANALYSIS] At the time Gary told The Daily Mirror: "I love my job at the BBC and I enjoy doing it. "I'm currently negotiating a new contract with them and I'm volunteering to take less." However, the star still takes home cash from his corporate sponsors, including Walkers Crisps. He has worked with the brand for 25 years and in October 2020 signed a new £1.2million deal with the company to be in its employ until 2023. Last year the star spoke to Ros Atkins on BBC Radio 4 about justifying his £1.75 million salary. The star said: "I think it's obviously been a long-term process and my salary has gradually come down," he admitted, before laughing. "But no, obviously I was in a fortuitous position. "I was sought after by numerous channels over the years and football is global, it's big business," he explained.