Manchester United have suffered yet another setback in the transfer market after Bayern Munich reportedly made their first offer for United target Konrad Laimer. Erik ten Hag’s side have sent scouts to watch the RB Leipzig midfielder previously, but could lose out to Bayern Munich despite their opening offer being rejected. German outlet Bild have reported that the German giant have offered £20.7million for the Austrian, but that bid was rejected as they hope to receive a fee upwards of £26m in order to part with the man who has just one year left on his contract. Laimer did have a release clause of £30.2m in his contract, but that clause expired on June 30. He would provide United with a cheaper option in midfield than some of their other transfer targets, as they reportedly have agreed a fee with Barcelona of £56.2m plus add-ons for Frenkie de Jong. Christian Eriksen has also been linked following the expiry of his Brentford contract, and it appears to be a straight shoot-out between United and Brentford for his signature after Tottenham cooled their interest in the Danish playmaker. Eriksen got an assist in Denmark’s 2-1 defeat to Austria in June, as United scouts were reportedly in attendance and were able to keep a close eye on both the Dane star and Laimer as they assess their options in midfield. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez The Mail claim that new Austria head coach and former Red Devils boss Ralf Rangnick reportedly recommended Laimer as part of a serious summer reshuffle at Old Trafford. Laimer has turned down a new contract at Leipzig, who could be more open to selling the 25-year-old to United rather than the Bundesliga champions after letting both Dayot Upamencano and Marcel Sabitzer to Bayern Munich in the past 12 months. In May, Laimer spoke to Bild about his future. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen  "As of now, I'm playing for RB Leipzig. My contract runs until 2023 and [it] doesn't make sense to talk about it [transfer rumours] in this current, decisive phase of the season. "Otherwise, there would only be unrest and I'd have to worry about things that aren't the most important right. I'll be 25 in May and have enough experience to make such decisions clearly. I need a good feeling. I have to like what people tell me. It's about the plan with me and with the team. Of course, it's also about goals. If I'm convinced of that, I'll do it. "Every player and every situation is different. What happened to one player doesn't necessarily happen to another. Sometimes it also depends on what type of player you are and what makes you tick. Getting information is good, but I make decisions myself. I concentrate on myself, not on the way of others."