Of course, there were fireworks even before the judgment. Mrs Justice Steyn refused to give either Coleen or Rebecca a heads up on her ruling the day before in case they leaked it, which was as funny and surreal as the rest of this pantomime has been. But the truth is that this case should never have come to court. Judges pleaded with this narcissistic pair to ­settle but it didn’t happen. And of course, neither had to because you don’t have to dole out apologies or employ common sense when your husbands are stinking rich footballers too terrified to tell their pushy wives to grow up and stop making a show of themselves. Don’t get me wrong, for the media this has been the tackiest, most vulgar show in town… and we’ve loved every hideous second of it. Even before Friday’s judgment Coleen had reportedly been telling pals that whatever the judge decided – she’d won. Which shows how daft she is. I’m sure the lickspittles who want to stay in her good books would have been telling her she was right whatever happened. But she can’t imagine that in the real world anyone gives a stuff about the actual ruling? We’ve all just lapped up the spectacle of these two not very bright women tottering into court every day on sky high stilettos, slathered in makeup and lip glossed to hell clad in a different designer outfit every day. We didn’t give a stuff about who was right and who was wrong. We were just loving the show! I’m sure both women will justify spewing ­millions at this case at a time when people can’t afford to eat or pay their mortgages, claiming it was about honour and reputation. Well, they can keep telling themselves that. In fact this was all about the ego and vanity of two silly women not wanting to lose face in Wag World. And in terms of their reputations, I’d say both have been pretty badly damaged these last three years. Coleen could have emerged the bigger, more sensible person at the start. She could have let it drop saying she had more important things to deal with than Rebecca Vardy leaking fake stories about her. But maybe she doesn’t. And there’s a certain irony in Coleen’s insistence that she was pursuing the truth when she’s never been a keen pursuer of the truth where wayward Wayne is concerned. As for Vardy, well if we thought she was a daftie before the court case that’s now been confirmed – with knobs on. And what have we learnt about her? That she slept with Peter Andre and (she says) he has a willy the size of a chipolata? According to the law, Coleen is the victor. But there are no winners here. Yes, Vardy now has to pick up Coleen’s enormous costs but I’m pretty sure neither woman will have the peace or the satisfaction they thought this case would bring them. Coleen’s barrister David Sher- borne, said on Day One of the trial: “The whole court might just think – Why on earth are we here?” As it turned out, it was to provide rip-roaring entertainment at a time when the nation needed cheering up, which I’m pretty sure isn’t why these women went to court. This pointless case delighted and repulsed us in equal measure. But what about the stress, the misery, the heartache and the frustration that lies festering at the heart of this case? We’ve all had a good laugh but what about the damage, both personal and public, it has wreaked on these two stubborn women? Will this verdict repair any of that damage? Will they be happier now? I very much doubt it. I was hoping that the fabulous performance of England’s Lionesses during the Euros 2022 might escape the clammy hand of the Woke Mob. But no, the major concern of the BBC’s dopey presenter Eilidh Barbour wasn’t anything to do with the football, but the fact that the team was all white. Never mind their stupendous win against Sweden, all Eilidh was worried about was the lack of diversity. Viewers rightly went nuts, screaming that colour had nothing to do with it. Which it hasn’t. The team’s manager just picked the best players. Or is that a crime these days? Then a Woman’s Hour listener piled in and started a debate saying the word Lionesses was “degrading and chauvinistic”. Give me a break! Who are these ridiculous people? The girls like being called Lionesses and we call them that as a mark of respect for their strength, their power, their determination. Oh, why am I even bothering? The woke loons won’t listen. What’s really important here is that the Lionesses have done themselves and this country proud and we wish them all the luck in the world for tomorrow’s final. Bring it home, Girls. Bring it home… Looney gender activists are demanding that archaeologists stop categorising skeletons as male or female because they can’t be sure of how the deceased would have identified themselves while they were alive. Yes, seriously. Woke warriors are also insisting they don’t categorise the “race” of ancient remains as it contributes to “white supremacy”. This is beyond absurd. So these gender activists want to distort actual factual history? They want to obliterate anything we might learn from the past because it offends their 21st century views on gender? Oh yes, and they’re worried about offending skeletons. Identifying historical remains is a science and the science of what constitutes a man and a woman hasn’t changed. What’s changed is society’s attitude towards it. And while attitudes come and go, science does not. It’s about fact. And that’s what trans activists can’t stand – actual biological facts about men and women. We should be laughing our socks off at these idiots. But what they’re doing isn’t funny – it’s sinister. And the worst of it is that some people are actually listening to them. I’ve always liked Suranne Jones. She’s worked hard not just at becoming a celebrity, but at becoming a good actress. So I winced when I heard that she is the big draw at a FanFusion convention next month, where she will be charging fans £37.50 for an autograph and £54 for a selfie. Isn’t that all a bit money-grubbing and exploitative? Suranne Jones is worth an estimated £3.6million so she’s hardly on the bones of her backside. Does she really have to charge people who helped make her famous for the privilege of having a quick word and a selfie with her? Rich Leftie Benedict Cumberbatch, said to be worth about £30million, is reported to have made £240,000 at one of these fan conventions. And while I expect that kind of greed (and hypocrisy) from a grump like him, I expected better of Ms Jones. TV cook Gino D’ACampo claims he turned down an invitation to have tea with the Queen. He said: “I’d love to meet her but I don’t like tea and I don’t like cucumber sandwiches.” Sorry, something’s not ringing true here. I like Gino but he’s not exactly Raymond Blanc. However, he’s got an ego and he does like himself so I’m not convinced by his claim that he’d pass up a publicity-generating opportunity to meet Her Maj. And if he did, it’s a pretty ungracious, disrespectful thing to snub an invite from her on account of the sandwiches. Come on, Gino. Prove me wrong – show us the invite!