According to a new study by Magnet Kitchens, air fryers have taken the number one spot of most sought-after kitchen gadgets this year, accumulating a staggering 3,350,000 monthly Google searches on average. Its capabilities see few limits and as a healthier alternative to traditional frying methods, it’s no wonder. But frequent use means frequent cleaning and there are some easy methods to get yours sparkling with very little hassle. Despite being launched in 2005, air fryers have seen a boom in popularity since the start of the pandemic. However, like with anything, proper care and maintenance of kitchen appliances are key to ensuring they run at optimum efficiency, as well as keeping them free from harmful bacteria. But with any new appliance, it can be difficult to know where to start, what’s actually effective, and what could break it. Fortunately, air fryers are fairly simple appliances to clean and you most likely already have the items do so in the cupboard.  READ MORE: Easy way to clean pillows without a washing machine  Generally speaking, you should be giving your air fryer basket a quick clean after every use to prevent a grime build-up, but a deep clean is in order after every few uses. Larry Ciufo, air fryer tester for Consumer Reports said: “Do not allow the crumbs and bits of food to sit overnight, or the basket and drawer will be a nightmare to clean. “When you’re done cooking, unplug the air fryer, let it cool, and then empty out the oil from the pullout drawer and dispose of it.” Here’s what to do next.  After unplugging the air fryer and letting it cool, take out all of the removable parts and detach the component parts. Douse a soft sponge or cloth in warm soapy water and get started on cleaning each of the parts. Try not to use the rough side of the sponge to prevent removing the non-stick coating. Work into the holes and gaps and if there’s anything stuck, edge food bits out with a skewer or toothpick.  DON'T MISS: How often should you clean your washing machine? 'Basic' method to try [ANALYSIS]Baking soda cleaning: 5 areas to clean - from sinks to showers [EXPLAINED]How often should you clean inside a toaster? 'Potential hazard' [INSIGHT]    If you come across any hardy burnt areas, mix up a paste of baking soda and water and leave it to sit on grime for around 20 minutes. If time is of the essence, scrub the solution into the area using a clean toothbrush. Lastly, rinse each of the components thoroughly with clean water and leave it to dry naturally.  Although a lot of the components tend to be dishwasher safe, it’s generally advised not to run your air fryer through a dishwasher. Due to the warmer temperatures dishwashers run at, it runs the risk of removing the non-stick coating faster than handwashing. That’s not to say you shouldn’t ever do it, but sparingly opt for this method and if you do, pop the parts on the top rack as the water tends to be cooler and gentler there. 