Fashion experts have shared that there could be a meaning behind Meghan’s outfit when she and Harry arrived in the UK for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations in early June. Much planning goes into every royal’s outfit – what could Meghan have been thinking when she chose her ensemble? Nobody who is in the public eye chooses a random outfit to step out in – there is always a reason for why they have chosen a particular item of clothing. A lot of thought goes into Meghan Markle’s outfits, especially when she and her stylist know all eyes will be on her. This was the case when the Duchess of Sussex made her first British appearance in two years earlier this month. For the occasion, Meghan donned an all-white coat dress and matching hat by iconic fashion designer Dior. READ MORE: 'Finds them hilarious!’ Queen enjoys collecting common kitchen item The coat dress featured a wide collar and a belt, cinching the garment at the waist and showing off Meghan’s fantastic figure. She paired this with a matching white hat, white gloves, and white heels. Fashion expert Miranda Holder said there was a hidden meaning behind Meghan’s outfit – as with any royal outfit. She told Express.co.uk: “Meghan is no stranger to the language of clothes and, being used to being in the spotlight with her acting background, knows how to use what she wears to communicate in a subconscious but highly effective way. DON'T MISS: Effective way to remove toilet limescale with ‘no scrubbing required’ [EXPERT]Queen’s go-to takeaway she enjoys when in Balmoral [INSIDER]‘Effective’ way to ‘improve sagging skin and cellulite’ - no surgery [BEAUTY] “Cue the language of colour.” Miranda went on to note that Meghan wears the same colour regularly, and often in blocks. Wearing colours in blocks means wearing an entire outfit in the same one colour. Miranda said: “Meghan has over the last couple of years adopted shades of white, cream and ivory and made them part of her signature style.” The fashion expert claimed that “this has noticeably increased following the rift between the Sussexes and the rest of the Royal Family”. “Meghan understands that white evokes purity, innocence and peace – and is trying to position herself in this light with both the Queen and the public, in an attempt to regain favour.” Personal stylist Samantha Harman referred to colour psychology too, saying: “Black is absorption, whereas white is reflection. “It must have been nerve-wracking for Meghan to come back, and by wearing white she is literally allowing outside voices and energy to bounce off her. “For that reason, white is a great colour to wear if you want to feel positive, or you have to go into a situation that you're apprehensive about. “In colour psychology it also denotes purity and enlightenment. “You also have to be pretty classy to pull of that kind of look. I’d have spilled coffee down myself within seconds.” When Meghan wore the Dior coat dress on June 3, she completed the look with Snowflake Snowstorm Diamond Earrings by Canadian jeweller Maison Birks, and her Cartier ‘Love’ Yellow Gold Bracelet. 