HBO has dropped a searing new trailer for its forthcoming Game of Thrones prequel House of the Dragon, giving fans a taste of what’s to come from the show set 1,000 years before the fall of Daenerys Targaryen (played by Emilia Clarke) and the destruction of the Iron Throne. House of the Dragon stars Matt Smith, Emma D’Arcy, Olivia Cooke, and Paddy Considine in an epic fantasy of politicking and machinations to rival its parent. The show kicks off on August 21 with fans across the globe curious about this new chapter in George RR Martin’s fantasy series. Actor Simon said he would be tuning in to House of the Dragon, hailing Smith as “great” and said he was “looking forward to it”. He said: “I don’t think I’ll be able to embrace how nostalgic it will make me because being on Game of Thrones was one of the most marvellous, pleasant experiences of my life. It was just lovely, it was just incredible. “But I think that there’s always thought as an actor, ‘Could you go back and change it and make it better?’ I always think that.” Simon went on to say: “I’m just very thankful for what I had and I’m very thankful for what it gave a lot of people over the course of 10 years.” READ MORE: Game of Thrones House of the Dragon release date, trailer, cast Lancel’s Game of Thrones journey was an interesting one with the young Lannister starting out as Cersei Lannister’s (Lena Headey) sidepiece before her big rejection at the Battle of Blackwater and later becoming a religious fundamentalist for the Faith Militant. His arc ended in spectacular fashion when he failed to stop Cersei from blowing up the Sept of Baelor with Lancel obliterated in the wildfire explosion in the bowels of the building. Would Simon ever consider going back to the universe? “Yeah. I can’t because I have been vaporised but I would love to, I would absolutely love to,” he said. Adding: “The drama is good, it’s so enjoyable and so important to people to have that kind of escapism.” Reflecting on the divisive ending of Game of Thrones, Simon said: “It ended very quickly. Nobody can stop what’s necessary in order to get something over and done with in order to finish the series.” Simon continued: “I think the criticism of the series was that it ended not that it ended like that. “I think the criticism was, ‘It ended, what are we supposed to do? How are we supposed to finish this?’ Because it could have gone on for five more seasons and it really could have with all the stuff they had.” The British actor admitted he would have liked to have seen Varys on the Iron Throne, hailing actor Conleth Hill for his turn or Arya Stark (Maisie Williams). He said: “I think the way it ended, it had to happen. It ended abruptly and I think unfortunately, I think that’s what we’ve got to go with but it doesn’t mean there can’t be more parts of the show in House of the Dragon that we can’t enjoy.” READ MORE: Game of Thrones family tree: How are the Starks and Targaryens related Simon is now gearing up for a very different role as antagonist Myron Sheolgate, a preacher in the Deep South after the abolition of slavery in America in the movie Steal Away, which takes its cue from Andrew Ward’s 2000 book Dark Midnight When I Rise: The Story of the Jubilee Singers, Who Introduced the World to the Music of Black America. Steal Away will follow the Jubilee Choir as they tour around the world raising funds for Fisk University which was close to financial ruin. Comparing Game of Thrones to Steal Away, Simon said: “We’re dealing with realism in much more deep way, cultural, historical, social, economic, everything.” He said music was key to the film, saying: “The point of Steal Away, and this is a dark thing, their song was escape. Their love was escape.” DON'T MISS...Game of Thrones: Why did Cersei Lannister sleep with Lancel? [INTERVIEW]Game of Thrones sex and nudity by numbers [ANALYSIS]Game of Thrones prequel cast: Who is King Viserys Targaryen? [EXPLAINER] Compared to Oscar winning-film 12 Years A Slave and Amazon Prime Video’s series The Underground Railroad, Steal Away is more uplifting and hopeful. Simon explained: “What is incredible about Steal Away is it shows our audience what the significance of these former slaves’ lives were on an international stage. "Queen Victoria commissioned a painting for these eight singer - four men and four women. They shook the Earth. They cracked an unbroken ground and into it fell promise of hope.” Filming is due to start in Georgia towards the end of the year with the star getting ready for the part of Myron. Steal Away is in pre-production Game of Thrones prequel series House of the Dragon premieres on HBO on August 21