DFDS tweeted this morning: “Please allow 120 minutes to complete the check in process and border controls at the Port. “Upon arrival at check-in, we will accommodate you onto the next available sailing.” It added: “Buffer zone in use for tourist traffic is being released sequentially. “As soon as you have completed Border Controls you’ll proceed to our DFDS check-in booths where we will accommodate you onto the first available departure.” READ MORE: Flight attendant shares tip to sit together - 'never pay' Photos taken at Dover show some passengers outside their cars as they wait in queues at the port. DFDS have advised passengers that queues could increase over the weekend as more families try to get away. It tweeted: “Currently we are advising to allow at least 120 minutes for all checks. However, over the weekend this may increase.” Since Brexit, British passengers need to get their passport stamped on entry and exit from France. One person tweeted: “Made it to Dover and my lord the queue at the border is so long.” P&O Ferries tweeted: “Please be advised that there are currently queues at the entrance to the Port of Dover. “Please allow an extra 60 minutes on your journey if possible and rest assured if you miss your sailing you will be on the next available.” The AA’s head of roads policy, Jack Cousens, warned Britons that there could be “repeats of congestion across the summer”. READ MORE: The healthiest country in the world is a ‘beautiful place’ Travel expert Simon Calder has said that Britain is seeing the impact of leaving the EU for the first time. This is the first peak summer holiday travel season since the end of the Brexit transition period. Passport control used to wave families through with a flash of the document but officials must now check and stamp every document, the expert claimed. Simon said on average it takes staff around a minute and a half to process a British family of four. However, Downing Street has said the issues have not been caused by Brexit and said a “shortage of French border staff” was partly to blame. Dover MP Natalie Elphicke has said that the episode has highlighted the need to make Kent’s roads as resilient as possible. DFDS advises passengers to have all their travel documents ready and passports open at the photo page. Many British families are heading off on a summer holiday this weekend and queues are expected.