Jenna Lueke, from Boston shares recipes and "accessible healthy tips" on her social media pages and her website. The 24-year-old foodie, who studied nutrition at college, shares her recipes online for fans to enjoy. She shares food prep and storage hacks too, including this method she swears by to keep her strawberries fresh. Jenna has amassed 34k followers on her TikTok account and also shares foodie inspiration on her Instagram @jenneatsgoood. She explained her method to keep strawberries from going mouldy. "Here's another tip I use for keeping produce fresh," Jenna said. "My strawberries always seem to go bad quickly so here's what I do," she went on. READ MORE: 'Fresh for weeks': How to keep carrots crunchy, berries mould-free and greens crispy "As soon as you get home from the store wash them really well and then line a container with paper towels. "Once the strawberries have dried off add them to the bowl and then store them in the fridge. That's literally it. "It's a really good way to make sure your strawberries stay fresh for longer." Jenna's followers chimed in with their own methods to keep strawberries fresh. One advised simply covering the berries, while others promoted soaking them in vinegar. DON'T MISSKeep veg and lettuce fresh with a genius tip 'smartest decision [HACK] ‘Don’t store in water!’ Keep carrots fresh and crunchy for months [INSIGHT] ‘No mould!’ Keep bread fresh for 3 weeks - no freezing [FOOD]  One commented: "No cover them. They last weeks." Another said: "Yeah, or soak in vinegar/water before drying." "Put them in mason jars," one suggested, while another said: "Next time soak the strawberries in water and baking soda for 10 minutes to clean them well." "I don't wash until I want to eat them. They last a lot longer that way!" one said. Another agreed and wrote: "Just store in a mason jar. No need to wash. Wash when you eat them. They last for weeks" One suggested: "Wash them in a vinegar and water mixture. Keeps for over a week." The famous chef shared how he stores raspberries in a MasterClass. He had a number of top tips. Eco-conscious company Brightly shared more hacks to store veg and keep it fresh. The user advised an Eat Me First Box to keep on top of your produce. What is an Eat Me First Box? Simply, an eat me the first box is a box or basket put in the fridge to remind family members to eat the veg that will go off soonest. This prevents food - and also money - from going to waste.