Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall made a special visit to a school in Cornwall to meet pupils involved with the Silver Stories reading programme, a charity she worked closely with during the Coronavirus pandemic. The scheme matches pupils to older people across the country to improve their reading confidence and help combat loneliness among the elderly. During her visit the Duchess of Cornwall met with Dame Esther Rantzen, who is a patron of the charity, to celebrate the success of the organisation’s work. Camilla gushed over the connections formed across older and younger generations and offered a heartfelt insight into her personal relationship with her own grandchildren.    Speaking on the BBC’s Morning Live show, the Duchess of Cornwall said: “It’s a pleasure to be here - having heard so much about it and listened to some of them on the telephone to actually see everybody and see them meeting for the first time was lovely.” During lockdown, Camilla engaged with two young ‘Silver readers’ involved with the scheme who regularly read to her over the phone. The Duchess continued: “It’s such a lovely idea and I think all young children need their confidence boosted, especially to read which, as we all know, is the foundation of learning. “I think it’s so important to communicate between older people and younger people because I think they have so much in common - I think it teaches children to respect older people and you can see the pleasure these listeners get from listening to children, I mean it’s the highlight of their week.”    Both Dame Esther and Camilla talked about their personal experiences of being a grandmother and the Duchess remarked: “It’s the best thing in the world!” She continued: “What’s so lovely about being a grandmother is they teach you things and, hopefully, they learn a few things from us.” Camilla offered a rare insight into her relationship with her grandchildren as she revealed her family has helped her tackle the daunting sphere of social media. She said: “Especially in this generation of social media, which I’m not very good at, my grandchildren are very good at teaching me how to do it.” Read more: Camilla wears jungle print dress and 'lucky' bracelet - pictures  Camilla first became a grandmother in 2007 when her eldest child, Tom Parker Bowles, had a daughter, Lola, and again in 2010 when his son Frederick was born. In 2008, the Duchess’ daughter Laura, gave birth to her first child, a girl named Eliza. Camilla’s daughter gave birth to twin boys, Gus and Louis in 2009, making her a grandmother to five grandchildren through her first marriage. Through her relationship with Prince Charles, Camilla is step-grandmother to the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's three children, Prince George, Princess Charlotte, and Prince Louis. Don't miss: Camilla's ‘extraordinary’ charity work earned her ‘respect' [INSIGHT]Meghan's wedding request 'raised eyebrows' with Charles and Camilla [REPORT]Prince William’s 'terrible fights' with Camilla's daughter laid bare [REVEAL] Prince George is known to be passionate about technology, with Prince William and Kate revealing their eldest son is very much into gaming. The Duke said: "At the moment it's trying to regulate the gaming... monitoring screen time. Got to be careful of that. "They're fascinated by it. George particularly. He's more interested in it. The other two are a bit too small at the moment but they love the films." The Duchess’ granddaughter Eliza made a heartwarming public appearance as a bridesmaid at the wedding of Prince William and Kate in 2011. During the Platinum Jubilee, the Duchess of Cornwall is also speculated to have had the opportunity to meet Archie and Lilibet, the two children of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle. Read next: Royal POLL: Should Prince William try to raise his profile in the US?Meghan Markle sparks 'another war of words' in Oprah interview lawsuit'Not over yet!' Meghan set for new legal showdown as sister files caseHarry 'caught between rock and hard place' with bombshell memoirQueen and Charles struggling to contain Sussex rift 'It's impossible!'