Chelsea players are said to be 'extremely excited' at Raheem Sterling's impending arrival from Manchester City after reports claimed that a £47.5million deal had been agreed. With plenty of praise coming from fans and pundits for the relatively cheap bargain for his services, the squad are thought to be over the moon that a born winner is set to join their club. Sterling is set to leave City following seven fruitful years after scoring 131 goals in 339 games for Pep Guardiola's men. Winning four Premier League titles, an FA Cup and four Carabao Cups, Sterling has enjoyed a trophy-laden stint at the Etihad but departs for a fresh challenge. However, the rises of Jack Grealish, Phil Foden and Cole Palmer - with the latter two both being just 22 and 20 respectively - alongside Sterling's contract expiring next summer have made him an attainable target for Chelsea. With Chelsea's European adventures generally being more successful than City's, the Blues will hope they can use Sterling to win continental titles too. And according to CBS Sports, the Chelsea first-team squad are 'built up with excitement' to see Sterling aim to take them to the title. The report states that Chelsea hope to have Sterling in their ranks by the time they reach Las Vegas on their pre-season tour, where they take on Club America next Sunday. For that to happen, he must complete his medical before signing a five-year-deal with an option to extend, which represents a real coup for the Blues. As a result, there is a lot of excitement built around the squad for his arrival with the born-winner and four-time Premier League champion set to join the club and offer much needed experience to bring the Premier League back to the west Londoners. Sterling was reportedly Chelsea's top attacking target, with the clubs never too far away in terms of their valuations, and a deal seemed a formality at all points. And with Todd Boehly giving Tuchel an increased transfer budget to spend this summer, there is a knowledge that more top quality players will join Sterling by the end of the window. Tuchel will be over the moon with landing his man after admitting that his team could struggle in the transfer market back in May. "It will be a super tough race. Manchester United will be in the race and Tottenham will be in the race with Antonio Conte for sure," Tuchel said. "We want to stay in the race and Liverpool and Man City do everything to make their squads bigger and they set the standard so high. This is the challenge in which we compete. "We have at the moment a huge disadvantage - that's not decisive yet. There is no need to make excuses now, it is just the situation we are in and we have to be as quick as possible. "Right now, of course, it is unsatisfying because our hands are tied and we cannot act as we want." The Blues finished 19 points behind Manchester City in the Premier League last season.