Nick Kyrgios feels he 'broke the mould' in showing the next generation of players not to be fearful in matches against the 'Big Three'. Kyrgios is through to the quarter-finals of Wimbledon for the first time since his main draw debut way back in 2014.  The outspoken Aussie has endured a tumultous few years on the tour with the divisive tennis star racking up fines through his antics on the court and unfulfilled potential. That perceived potential all stemmed from his historic win over Rafael Nadal eight years ago at SW19 in the fourth round. The world's best tennis players have all praised Kyrgios as one of the most talented players on tour when he applies himself. But mental fortitude and a willingness to put in the work required to become a Grand Slam champion has alluded him so far. However, Kyrgios still has one of the best records on the ATP Tour against Nadal, Roger Federer and Novak Djokovic. The 27-year-old has won both matches he's faced against Djokovic while he's also beaten Nadal three times in nine meetings. JUST IN: Rafa Nadal's uncle wades into Kyrgios Tsitsipas Wimbledon row   Kyrgios also won his first ever match against Federer back in 2015 at the Madrid Masters. Now he feels as though he's a "veteran" on the tour who helped pave the way for the next generation of players to have no fear against any opponent. "People often forget this is almost my 10th year on tour," Kyrgios said. "I kind of feel like I was the first guy who broke through young, like at 19, beating Rafa at Wimbledon. DON'T MISS "I feel like I was the first young guy to kind of show all the other guys, like Zverev and Thiem and stuff, that they were able to do it, as well. I feel like I was the first one to break the mould. You look at guys like Alcaraz, Sinner, who are absolutely fearless. "I don't know, I think a lot of players think, like, Federer, Djokovic, Nadal are almost gods and you can't, like, hurt them. I feel like I showed that one of them was human that day. "I definitely feel like I've been around for a long time. People don't really realize, like, I'm 27 now. I was playing here. I played juniors here as well, 16. I've been here so much. So I feel comfortable here. "But I definitely feel like a bit of a veteran now."