Cleaning enthusiasts and fans of cleaning influencer Mrs Hinch have shared their simple hack for cleaning interior windows. Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, has more than 4.5 million followers on social media. Her fans have taken to social media in recent years to share their own cleaning tips and tricks on groups. On one such group, Facebook user Clare Bacon asked fellow cleaning enthusiasts: ”What is the best way to clean lots of internal windows well? I don’t rate Karchers.” Clare’s post was inundated with 30 comments from Mrs Hinch fans. The most popular response was to use a simple household product with water - washing up liquid. Belinda Wright said: “I use Fairy liquid.” READ MORE: Easy ways to clean stubborn stains from grout without bleach Kirsty Marie Pixton replied: “Hot or warm water with washing up liquid then wipe with a dry cloth.” Lynne Everest agreed and wrote: “Fairy liquid then Karcher window vac, never any streaks.” Claire Sutton wrote: “I have used Fairy too and find I get less streaks this way. “Guess it’s all personal preference.” Most households will have washing up liquid but for those who don’t, the cleaning product is relatively affordable and can be found in most supermarkets. ASDA Smart Price Washing Up Liquid costs just 34p. Ocado Original Washing Up Liquid is 70p.  DON'T MISSPippa Middleton buys new £15m property in Berkshire for growing family [INSIGHT]Tomato plant pruning: How to fix yellow or curled-up leaves [UPDATE]How to keep cats out of your garden - 'straightforward' [ANALYSIS]  Lemon Washing Up Liquid from Waitrose & Partners is 85p. Tesco Original Wash Up Liquid is 44p. There were many other suggestions for cleaning windows from Mrs Hinch fans. Some of the other solutions included using white vinegar, cold tea, water and newspaper. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Imogen Barnard said: “White vinegar and newspaper.” Michelle Cox suggested: “Cold tea with a splash of vinegar and a very tiny amount of washing up liquid.” Sandra Tippen replied: “Cold tea in a spray bottle and buff up with newspaper.” Juliet Moss said: “Just plain water. Put water on with one microfibre cloth and wipe off with another dry cloth. “Smearing dries and leaves a streak-free finish. I clean for a living and never use anything else on windows and glass.”  Claire Sutton wrote: “I just use a bucket of water with all-purpose cleaner, clean cloth, and window squeegee with a clean microfibre cloth to finish it off. “Just wash, squeegee off and wipe away any drips on the frame with the microfibre cloth. “Can do my whole house - 14 windows, two patio doors and the back door - in about 30 minutes. “For in-between touch-ups I use HG glass and mirror spray.”