The bank is warning that fraudsters are looking to target students to convince them to part with their cash and personal information. Research from Lloyds has found that purchase scams, which is when people are convinced to send money to fraudsters over bank transfer, aimed at students, have risen by 17 percent over the past year. Impersonation scams, when a criminal pretends to be a close friend or family member, are also increasingly getting reported, with the average amount lost being £1,457. Sophie, 24, is a student from Bristol who has recently been targeted by a similar sort of scam. She explained: “I get emails, texts and social media ads daily which are definitely scams. Most common are the emails telling me I’ve won a prize, then asking me to fill out a form with my details, or click a link to claim it. “I get texts that pretend to be from delivery companies, telling me I’ve got a parcel I need to collect – again, asking me to click links to arrange redelivery, or provide loads of personal details. “Why do I need to give my card details to arrange a redelivery? That’s an immediate giveaway for me.” READ MORE: State pensioners may be able to increase sum by up to £14.75 weekly Sophie added: “I rarely answer unknown numbers who call me, in case it is a scam, and I don’t really open emails from any address I don’t recognise – to make sure my laptop doesn’t get a virus. “Some scams are harder to spot though. They advertise products they know young people on social media want – like trainers – and the way they do it can look professional and eye catching. “It’s pretty suspicious when these adverts seem to have loads of stuff in stock that well-known shops don’t. “So, although it is tempting – especially when I don’t have a lot of money – it is better to stick to shops and websites that I know are legit.”  According to the 24-year old student, young people are not helped enough when it comes to tackling instances of fraud. “I don’t think students are that well supported on scams – it’s probably a bit of an overlooked area,” Sophie said. “We get a lot of information about personal safety and maybe there is a perception that, because we grew up with social media, everyone under 25 knows what they’re doing all the time. But anyone can fall victim to a clever scam. “It’s much better to be cautious than fall for a scam so I’d say just be really careful and slow down! Weird wonky logos, spelling errors, free stuff… it’s probably too good to be true.”  READ MORE: ‘Game over!’ Woman, 42, watches as hackers steal £10,000 in attack  On the rise in scams, Liz Ziegler, Lloyds’ retail fraud and financial crime director, said: “Heading off to university is always an exciting time, with the promise of more independence, the chance to make new friends, and dreams of your future. “But with criminals constantly on the lookout for new ways to trick victims out of their cash, student life can quickly turn into a nightmare if you don’t keep your guard up against the threat of fraudsters. “While your bank will be working hard in the background to keep your money safe, it’s important you also take steps to protect yourself. “If a deal looks too good to be true, or you’re being pressured to make a payment quickly, that should set alarm bells ringing that you’re about to get scammed.” As part of its warning to customers, Lloyds shared some top tips for students to stay safe from potential scams. These include never divulging personal information, including bank cards, PIN or secure banking details with anyone. Furthermore, young people should research anyone they are interacting with on social media as fraudsters create fake ads and profiles online to trick victims. The bank is also encouraging Lloyds customers to speak to anyone they are interacting with on a trusted number first, in case a criminal is attempting to impersonate a friend or family member.