During her latest travel show, Jane McDonald took her viewers on a Mediterranean cruise, where she stopped off at the most famous islands. On one of her trips to Italy, Jane sailed over to the island of Capri, fascinated to learn more about her singing hero Gracie Fields. However, when visiting her grave, Jane became emotional and admitted she felt even closer to her. After browsing around Naples, Jane decided to add one more quick stop on her tour over on Capri. "This should be the end of my cruise, but over there is Capri, and I have just found out they do a trip to Capri. "I have always wanted to go to Capri to see Gracie Fields' house, really!" When she arrived on the little island, she was stunned by how beautiful and full of life it was, expressing: "Ain't it pretty, I didn't expect this! I don't know what I expected from Capri, but it wasn't this!" READ MORE: BBC Breakfast viewers thrilled as they welcome back much-loved host To help her navigate her way around and discover a little more about Gracie's life in Capri, Jane met up with super-fan Seb. He explained: "Gracie was responsible for putting Capri on the map, and her fame attracted many to the club and restaurants she built here. "She set up her home, set up her restaurant, and the thing she said she hated about Capri was the fishing ships. "Because of the cruise ships, she would send her restaurant staff over in little dingy and say Gracie would sing a song for a leg of bacon," he revealed. Touching on the knowledge people on the island had of Gracie, Jane was shocked that she wasn't as famous as she thought. Jane exclaimed: "I am shocked at how little everybody knows about Gracie Fields, especially here where she built all of this! Nothing, nothing here. "All of this was built by Gracie Fields, that's quite sad, isn't it." Taking Jane to Gracie's grave, Seb explained: "Gracie died in September 1979, and the waiters from her restaurant carried the coffin here, and that is where she is buried." DON'T MISS...Jane McDonald suffers wardrobe 'disaster' painting challenge  [WATCH]Jane McDonald’s top tip to not get lost on a cruise ship  [INSIGHT]Jane McDonald sparks frenzy with 'exciting' career announcement  [LATEST] Seeing the grave, Jane gasped in shock and immediately became overwhelmed with emotion. "Awwww, oh. Oh, bless, bless her. Gracie has been woven in and out of my life for quite some time, and to actually be here and pay my respects, I feel very close to her right now." Gracie's health began to decline in 1979 when she contracted pneumonia after performing an open-air concert on the Royal Yacht. After a spell in hospital, she seemed to be recovering but died on September 27, 1979. The press reported she died holding her husband's hand, but in reality, he was at their Anacapri home at the time, while Gracie was home with the housekeeper, Irena. She is buried in Capri's Protestant Cemetery, in a white marble tomb. Gracie was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire in the 1938 New Years' Honours. In February 1979, she was invested as a Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire seven months before her death. Jane McDonald: Cruising the Med is available to watch on My5.