Katie Boulter has defended Wimbledon’s decision to schedule her on Court 2 after losing to Harmony Tan. The home favourite won just two games in a 51-minute beatdown after being scheduled at 11am outside of the two main showcourts but her opponent has since admitted she benefited from the match being relegated from Centre. Boulter made her Centre Court debut in the previous round, upsetting last year’s finalist and sixth seed Karolina Pliskova to become one of the four Brits to make it to the third-round. After her heroics, fans were left stunned when the British No 3 was scheduled first at 11am on Court 2 for her first-ever Grand Slam third-round match instead of on one of the showcourts - Centre or Court 1. But the 25-year-old has now defended the tournament for their decision despite being handed a 6-1 6-1 defeat by Serena Williams’ conqueror, saying she “never expected” to receive Centre Court billing. “In terms of the scheduling, no, not at all,” she said when asked whether she was surprised to be shunned from the bigger courts. “You can look at it on paper. You're supposed to put the best matches there are out there on Centre Court and on Court 1.” While the Leicester local said she would have “loved” to be back on a big court, she explained why she thought other players deserved to be there over herself. JUST IN: 'He likes the attention' - Tsitsipas shared FaceTime call with Kyrgios  “We've got Iga who is out there on an I don't know how many match winning streak. I would never expect to be put ahead of players like that,” Boulter admitted. “It's a privilege to play on those courts. Obviously I would have loved to have played. At the end of the day I would never expect that.” While the world No 118 has enjoyed a breakthrough week at Wimbledon, it has also been a difficult period for Boulter as she revealed her gran has passed away just two days before beating Pliskova as she dedicated the win to her in an emotional on-court interview. And she was asked whether the support from a 15,000-strong Centre Court would have pushed her on against Tan. “Totally understand that. Look, the crowd tried their best today,” she said. “I'm not sure, whether I was playing on Centre Court or Court 1 or Court 20, I'm not sure if that's what was going to get me through today. DON'T MISSWimbledon royal box hosts Tom Daley as Boulter and Broady shunnedMcEnroe and Henman in full agreement over Raducanu break suggestionLiam Broady sister says star watches 'Love Island every night’  “Again, as I said, it's a privilege for me to be out there in front of many people on the best courts in the world. Hopefully I'm going to win some more matches and I'm going to be put on those courts. I would never expect to be on those courts in the first place.” Boulter re-iterated that she would have loved to be on Centre but refused to slate the tournament, adding: “But, yeah, I mean, it's great to be back with your home crowd. I would always like to be in the biggest arena that I could possibly be in. Unfortunately that wasn't today.” But even Tan admitted she benefited from facing a Brit on a smaller court when asked whether the scheduling was “better” for her. “Yes, of course, because when you play a Brit on Centre Court, I think there is a lot of people for her,” the Frenchwoman said. 