Nick Kyrgios has been hit with his second fine of the tournament for his turbulent four-set victory over Stefanos Tsitsipas on Saturday night. But the fourth seed has faced an even bigger penalty after hitting a ball into the stands, matching the Aussie's biggest fine set in his first-round match. Kyrgios and Tsitsipas faced off in an explosive third-round encounter on Saturday night, with the Aussie coming through 6-7(2) 6-4 6-3 7-6(7). It was a controversy-filled match as the 27-year-old fumed at the umpire and received a code violation, before the fourth seed earned his own warning and a point penalty as he started to implode in set two, hitting a ball into the stands at one point. The pair's antics have seen both of them slapped with fines in the tournament's latest list, with the Greek receiving a hefty £8,200 ($10,000) bill, matching the previous biggest fine of the tournament received by none other than Kyrgios himself for his opening win over Paul Jubb, in which he raged at line officials and spat in the direction of a spectator, later confirming the move was intentional. And the world No 40 has received an additional penalty for his third-round match, though it pales in comparison to his previous fine and Tsitsipas' bill. Kyrgios will be charged another £3,300 ($4,000) for his own antics in Saturday's clash, where he demanded Tsitsipas be defaulted for hitting the ball into the crowd and asked for a "new referee". JUST IN: Nadal sends six-word message to Sainz after British Grand Prix victory  The pair traded blows after their four-set match, with Tsitsipas first into his post-match press conference where he called his opponent a "bully". "It's constant bullying, that's what he does. He bullies the opponents. He was probably a bully at school himself. I don't like bullies. I don't like people that put other people down," he said, taking aim at the Aussie. And the world No 5 also confirmed he intentionally tried to hit Kyrgios with the ball, apologising for his actions in the match. "I was aiming for the body of my opponent but I missed by a lot, by a lot," he confessed. The 23-year-old then added: "Look, I have to say it was really bad from my side. I have never done that before, throwing the ball outside the court in that way. I did apologize to the people. I don't know what went through my head at that time." DON'T MISSAlcaraz denied potential Djokovic clash after Wimbledon loss to SinnerWimbledon fans turn on 'hypocrite' Rafael Nadal after fiery exchangeCam Norrie's Wimbledon fairytale continues with Djokovic in his sights    Kyrgios then hit straight back at the fourth seed when Tsitsipas' comments were put to him, claiming his opponent had "issues" and was "not liked". He retorted: "I don't know what to say. I'm not sure how I bullied him. He was the one hitting balls at me, he was the one that hit a spectator, he was the one that smacked it out of the stadium." The former world No 13 got personal as he continued: "I just think he's making that match about me, like he's got some serious issues, like serious. I'm good in the locker room. I've got many friends, just to let you know. I'm actually one of the most liked. I'm set. He's not liked. Let's just put that there."