Rafael Nadal has admitted he was in the "wrong" after he called Lorenzo Sonego to the net to discuss an issue during their third-round match. The Spaniard ended up winning 6-1 6-2 6-4 and continued his discussion with the Italian at the net after disagreeing with his opponent's request to close the roof and turn on the lights. Nadal and Sonego appeared to be caught up in heated discussions towards the end of the third set and after the match. Nadal first grew agitated when Sonego won two consecutive games after the roof closed - a decision he felt was influenced by his Italian opponent. Although the exact content of the chat will remain unknown, Nadal calling Sonego to the net also came just after the Italian made a loud noise before taking a shot. Commentators watched on bemused at the relatively unusual sight of Nadal clashing with an opponent, but the veteran quickly went on the defensive after booking his spot in the fourth round. "Well, first of all, I have to say that I was wrong," admitted the 22-time Grand Slam champion. "Probably, I should not call him on the net. So apologize for that. My mistake in that. No problem. I recognize that. DON'T MISS: 'I don't like bullies' - Tsitsipas confirms he tried hitting Nick Kyrgios in fiery clash "Then after that, all the stuff during the match that I don't want to comment, because is something that I spoke with him in the locker room and it stays there. Only thing I can say is I saw him personally. I apologize for that. "My intention was never to bother him at all. Just to tell one thing that was bothering me that I think he was doing in that moment, but that's it. I think there is some codes between players. Yeah, we had some issues there. But that's it."  Despite the controversy, Nadal still made relatively light work of his opponent and breezed through to the round of 16. Both Francisco Cerundolo and Ricardas Berankis, his two most recent opponents at SW19, had taken a set off the two-time Wimbledon champion, but Sonego was dispatched before he could put more than seven games on the board. Next up for Nadal is Botic van de Zandschulp, who is already on a career-best run at the All England Club. So far, nobody has taken the 26-year-old Dutchman to five sets and he dispatched two-time Wimbledon semi-finalist Richard Gasquet without too much trouble on Saturday. Fresh from his win over Sonego, Nadal is seemingly aware that he will face a stiff test when they face off on Monday. "He's a player that has been improving unbelievably in the last year," he said. "It was a good challenge in the French [Open] and I think he will be more [of a challenge at Wimbledon], no? "He's a complete player with a lot of great things, and I need to keep going the way that I played today. Playing aggressive and playing with the right energy. Let's see. He's a tough opponent, but we are in fourth round. That's the way that it should be."