Tommy Fury has responded to accusations made by his father John Fury that he wasn't training for his long-awaited grudge match with Jake Paul. Fury was due to face Paul at Madison Square Garden, New York on August 6 but was denied entry to the United States ahead of their press conference two weeks ago. Paul gave his rival a deadline of one week to sort out his travel issues before pulling the plug on the fight with multiple replacements lined up to step in. After Fury was unable to rectify his position, the ex-Love Island star was handed a termination notice and was replaced by Hasim Rahman Jr. After the cancellation, rumours began to circulate that Fury was out of shape ahead of fight night and looking for an excuse to pull out. Now, Fury has come out and addressed the reasons for the fight falling through in an Instagram post on Sunday: "Recently on social media, I've seen more s*** on me than ever. I want to get one thing straight, the reason this fight didn't take place is because I couldn't get in the country, not because I wasn't training or wasn't fit. I was ready and raring to go, I was at the airport on Monday morning with my whole team, ready to fly out and get the show on the road. "I could not get into the country and that's why the fight didn't happen, so all this bulls*** about me not being ready and not training, forget about it. If it's not come from me, don't believe it because it's not the truth." This response comes after Fury’s father John claimed he was out of shape and barely training. Talking to FreeBets, he said: “Tommy wasn't exactly in training. He'd only had about 10 days because he'd been on holiday, and it was a surprising thing for him. I was a way out of it doing these tours and being busy elsewhere, so I never got the chance to look at it properly. "When I've paid attention, I noticed the whole thing wasn't right anyway. But I said ‘Okay, it is what it is, if you want to go over there and box him, do it. You're experienced enough now and it's a 50-50 platform. I know you could be fitter, you're overweight, but it's entirely up to yourself because I'm busy and I can't do it.’ "So, he said 'Okay then, I'll do my own thing and I'll go fight him anyway because I can beat him.’" Following the interview, a furious Paul threatened to sue ‘TNT’, tweeting: "I should sue this fool. Own dad exposes why he pulled out a second time."