Charlene White, 42, is best known for her presenting of ITV News evening shows as well as being a regular host on the chat show Loose Women. The presenter has taken to social media to bid a sad farewell to her ITV colleague as she admits how "proud" she is of her colleague's move to Channel 4. Charlene posted a close up picture of fellow ITV News presenter Ria Chatterjee. Along with the snap, Charlene shared a heartfelt message in view of her 64,600 Twitter followers. She penned: "Today @itvlondon bids farewell to the superbly talented and beautiful soul that is @RiaChatter. "I distinctly remember when you first started with us, and it’s been a joy to watch you rise, and shine. READ MORE: Heidi Klum, 49, sets pulses racing as she goes topless in ageless pic "I’m very proud of you, and our loss is @Channel4News’ gain. You’ll smash it x." Many social media users took to the comments to wish Ria well in the next step in her presenting career. Ria gushed, as she replied: "Thank you, Char! I still remember my very first day and @HannahEmersonThsat at the prog ed desk. "She greeted me with THE biggest grin. Still gives me that smile! "And @graysinnroad took me round to say hi to everyone. Clear as day. Years of teamwork." Social media user Ndidi1st said: "Will miss you @RiaChatter!! Can't wait to see you carry on smashing it." Tracy81507845 added: "She's so great! Good luck my lovely!" Ria is known for her reporting and news reading skills across regional and national channels. DON'T MISS... 'Do miss each other' Pauline Collins on being 'separated' from husband [INSIGHT] Katie Holmes all smiles in new romance after Tom Cruise split [PICS] Strictly's Amy Dowden bids 'sad' farewell after wedding [STRICTLY] Last year she was given a spot on Good Morning Britain, presenting reports on incidents in London. Charlene recently opened up on how she had been mistaken for fellow Loose Women panellist Brenda Edwards on countless occasions. The ITV News presenter admitted that at a recent event she was mistaken for Brenda five times. Posting on Twitter, Charlene wrote: "I’m used to being mistaken for my other black @loosewomen ladies. We all are tbh. Some ppl are too lazy to work out black women don’t all look alike. (sic) "But I’ve spent today at a do with my LW fam where multiple times I was called Brenda. My response? 'No, I’m the other black one'. "You have no idea how many black women in the public eye get mistaken for each other. It happens routinely. "Not just us, too many minority women & men on a daily basis. "It upset me more than usual today, probably because it happened to a few of us at the Pride parade on Sat too."