Paul Martin, 63, was the face of BBC favourite Flog It! for 18 years until it was cancelled in 2020. He is also a regular in Antiques Road Trip and offers his pearls of wisdom in all things antiques on several other shows. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, the presenter explained why the British public is so addicted to antiques shows and talked about the significance of getting a glimpse into the past. "They keep getting made because the audience is so high for them," Paul answered when asked about the growing popularity of antiques and programmes exploring them. He continued: "I think it's because we all want a sense of connection to the past. "And antiques gives us that, antiques and beautifully crafted things made by artisans in this country, you know, 200 or 300 years ago, without electricity, that have survived the test of time. "They give us a portal into the past. It's a window back in time and I think that's very important because we've all got a heritage and we don't all come from stately homes or five generations of families that hang on to their treasures, you know, most of us are pretty normal and we've got one or two little tiny things. READ MORE: Outlander’s Caitriona Balfe details Claire scene she didn’t film "But it's those little things that become really important." The skilled antique dealer added: "And if they're beautifully made by craftsperson then you treasure it. "They weren't antiques when they were first made 200 years ago, but because it's beautifully made, they've become antiques. "They become valuable they're part of our heritage, and they're part of our family history. "So they become documents of social history rather than little objects. "And then I think it's a really big talking point. And if you can talk about an antique and an item, then you bring the story alive." Paul is certainly no stranger to all kinds of antique show, and is best-known for presenting Flog It! from 2002 to 2020. Reflecting on the series, he commented: "I miss it. I get to see the experts and the auctioneers because we work together on the Antiques Road Trip." DON'T MISS... Alastair Campbell ENDS interview with Piers Morgan [VIDEO]Piers Morgan holds pig on live TV as he savages Johnson in rant [LATEST]Bargain Hunt’s Caroline Hawley opens up on alternative career path [INTERVIEW] He added: "It's a small industry, there's not that many people coming into the industry. It's a hard game to get into." Reflecting on the series and why it was so popular, he continued: "We did 1,500 shows. "Everybody in the audience at home liked to get the value and they like to see the surprises in the auction. "I think it resolved itself as a show really, really well.  "With an auction at the end, you know exactly what we've done here - it sort of had a proper start, a middle and a finish which is great TV." Paul described working on Antiques Road Trip as "non-stop mayhem." Besides Flog It! and Antiques Road Trip, Paul has also hosted the Countryfile spin-off shows Summer Diaries and Autumn Diaries as well as Trust Me I'm A Dealer and Paul Martin's Homemade Revolution. He recently appeared in Big Antique Adventure with Susan Calman.