A junior doubles player at Wimbledon really took one for the team when he experienced the pain that comes when a tennis ball fizzes into your privates. Tennis fans were left wincing as the boys' doubles final, broadcast live on BBC Sport channels, was briefly paused after the incident. International pride was on the line during the match, as American duo Sebastian Gorzny and Alex Michelsen took on Paul Inchauspe and Fabriel Debru of France. But the fact a major trophy was on the line was briefly forgotten when the toe-curling moment came. All four players had closed to the net in what was a tightly contested point, before a slightly loose shot from Inchauspe gave the Americans the opportunity they needed. Gorzny was the one to take it, and could have played any number of shots to win the point. He decided he needed as much power as possible to make sure of it, and smashed a hard forehand despite being no more than a few feet away from his opposite number. And Inchauspe really was made to pay for his loose shot, as the ball struck him square between the legs. JUST IN: McEnroe surprised by Rybakina as Russian-born star wins Wimbledon The French pair lost the point, but Inchauspe might have had larger concerns on his mind in the moments after taking the blow. He staggered towards the back of the court, while Gorzny stayed close to the net, clearly feeling bad about the damage he might have potentially just caused. Those in the commentary booth were wincing, as one BBC reporter said: "Ow... ow, ow, that is really going to hurt, goodness me." His co-commentator added: "He's lucky it didn't hit him in a slightly different place... oh it just might have, what was [Gorzny] thinking?" The crowd watching the match let out an audible gasp as the ball made contact, and even Gorzny's partner Michelsen couldn't help but put his hand to his mouth as he thought about just how painful it would be to be on the receiving end of such a blow. DON'T MISS:Wimbledon runner-up Jabeur shafted by WTA's points strip despite finalTom Cruise, 60, unveils ageless appearance at WimbledonRussian-born Elena Rybakina wins Wimbledon title beating Ons Jabeur To Inchauspe's credit, he took it like a champ and, after a few seconds, looked to be completely back in the zone again. Adrenaline and pride most likely played their part in that quite impressive showing of resilience. But it didn't help the French pair to fare any better when it came to the result of the match. They were defeated in straight sets by their American opponents, as Gorzny and Michelsen secured a 7-6(5), 6-3 victory to life the junior Wimbledon doubles title.