Britons could get this extra cash each week if they care for someone at least 35 hours a week. People can choose to be paid weekly in advance or every four weeks. Carer’s Allowance is one of the main welfare benefits to help carers in the UK and is provided by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). A person must not earn more than £132 a week from employment or self-employment, this is after deductions for income tax, National Insurance and for expenses. Some 500,000 people are estimated to be missing out on the benefit which could top up their income by £69.70 per week - £3,624.40 over a year. However, these payments could be stopped if a carer claims certain other benefits. READ MORE: Grandparents urged 'reduce your bill' as inheritance tax rises - 'Think about loved ones!'  However, they can still claim an "underlying entitlement" to Carer’s Allowance. To claim this, people will need to meet all the conditions for Carer’s Allowance and then apply for the support. If the carer claims Working Tax Credit or Child Tax Credit then they must contact HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) to tell them about the allowance claim. People cannot get the full amount of both Carer’s Allowance and their state pension.  READ MORE: Martin Lewis explains how widow could find out what happened to husband's state pension If their pension is less than £69.70 a week, they’ll get a Carer’s Allowance payment to make up the difference. More information about how to apply for the support can be found on the Government website. The website states people may be eligible for Carer’s Allowance if they, the person they care for, and the type of care they provide meet certain criteria. The person being cared for must already get one of these benefits: One does not have to be related to or live with, the person they care for. This could mean a cash boost of almost £279 each month. The DWP says that before applying, people will need to make sure they have their: Those in Scotland are able to receive the Carer’s Allowance Supplement which is an extra payment for those who receive their allowance on a certain date and is paid twice a year. Around 90,000 carers across Scotland received the extra payment of £245.70 in April. The next payment is due to be paid in October.