Russell Myers, royal editor at the Daily Mirror, claimed the Duchess of Cambridge and the Duchess of Cornwall “got on very well”. He claimed their friendship “stems from them both being outsiders”, before lauding the pictures taken by Kate for Camilla’s Country Life segment to mark her 75th birthday. Mr Myers added that Camilla had always been seen as “the other woman” but later said that through her hard work, “it worked out quite well” with the public.    Asked about what was known about the relationship between Kate and Camilla, Mr Myers said: “Well, it goes back quite a long way. “I think that stems from them both being outsiders. Camilla came in under very difficult circumstances. “There had been this huge, acrimonious divorce with the Prince of Wales and Camilla was always the other woman. “Kate was never that kind of marker for her introduction to the royal family but she was an outsider.    “I think they had a bit of kindred spirits going on and they have just gotten on very well. “And I think you see that in the Country Life magazine profile that [Camilla] has taken on for her 75th birthday getting Kate to do the pictures. “So, you know, it’s friends in high places when you’ve got someone like the Duchess of Cambridge taking the photos for you, and it worked out quite well I think.” READ MORE: Cambridges spotted leaving for summer holidays [REVEAL]   Camilla enlisted the help of the Duchess of Cambridge for her Country Life piece, employing her as her official photographer. Speaking about the experience, Camilla said: "We had a lot of fun. It was very relaxed. “It was very kind that the Duchess of Cambridge came with her camera, she's an extremely good photographer. "It was all very casual, there wasn't much hair and makeup. It was just done in the garden—we had a lot of laughs, it was a lovely way of doing it." DON'T MISS: Camilla 'won't 'stand on ceremony' as Duchess 'naughty' with her jokes [INSIGHT] Charles not appearing in Camilla documentary - 'wanted her to shine' [REVEAL] Camilla 'extended hand of friendship' to Kate and Meghan Markle [REVEAL]  The photography was welcomed heartily by Country Life magazine, who said they were “thrilled” to have the Duchess of Cambridge working with them. Mark Hedges, the Editor in Chief of Country Life, said: "We are thrilled to have our Guest Editor captured so magnificently by royal photographer The Duchess of Cambridge. "We understand this is the first time a formal portrait of The Duchess of Cornwall has been taken by The Duchess of Cambridge for a magazine and we are honoured to have been chosen to be the first to publish this beautiful photograph. “The photographs are superb and we would be delighted to offer The Duchess of Cambridge another commission!" READ NEXT: Jeremy Clarkson pays tribute to Duchess of Cornwall 'One of us'Queen's gratitude to Camilla as Duchess prepared to lead BritainCamilla 'keen' to break Prince Charles' record with new projectCamilla battled to win public's hearts by trying to be mirror of QueenCharles ‘ignores’ Camilla in public - body language expert claims  