Home insurance quotes with a history of subsidence claims have reportedly risen by a shocking 637 percent over the last 10 years, according to GoCompare Home Insurance. Between 2012 and 2021, there was an average annual increase of 27.8 percent for subsidence quotes. This is the largest increase in the last five years, according to the site. There has been a 51 percent increase since 2017 in the number of quotes with previous subsidence claims compared to the five years prior. Subsidence is when the ground starts sinking because of underground material movement. A home’s foundations can start to shift which can lead to cracks, damaged floors and structural problems. Homes with a history of subsidence can be more expensive to insure, at an average of £309 a year. READ MORE: Where does Declan Donnelly live? Inside home life of TV presenter Signs of subsidence include cracks in the walls, ceilings and outside brickwork. Doors and windows not closing or opening, sloping floors, wallpaper wrinkling and cracks around extensions are also signs of subsidence. House hunters are being advised to ask if a property has suffered from subsidence in the past and whether it has been repaired. Buyers should also check for any potential signs of subsidence.  DON'T MISS‘It will disappear’ Free hack to remove yellow stains from white items [INSIGHT]Homes Under the Hammer buyer makes £95k after basic £5k refurb [UPDATE]Michael Caine’s incredible life with wife Shakira [ANALYSIS] If there are no cosmetic concerns visible, homebuyers should check the RICS Building Survey for any structural issues. Chris Carlton from Geobear, a specialist ground engineering company, claimed there’s a link between the increase in subsidence claims and climate change. He said: “In the past, dryer summers have caused what is known as a surge event in insurance circles. “This is where the exceptionally dry, hot summers cause tree roots to migrate deeper to seek water, this sucks greater moisture out of deeper clay soils and causes more subsidence to happen.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea The recent heatwaves could mean there is a subsidence surge this summer. He continued: “In the past 30 years, these surge events had happened every eight years or so until 2018. “The barren summer of 2018 dried the UK soils in the southeast causing a surge. “Now in 2022, the dry spring and summer is causing the potential for another subsidence surge.” Ceri McMillan, home insurance expert at GoCompare, said: “Our newest research shows that the growing frequency of extreme weather conditions is likely leading to an increase in subsidence issues.  “Experts say that this is likely to continue this summer, so it’s important that you monitor your home for any new cracks or structural issues. “Try to maintain your home’s drains and keep on top of any vegetation that’s close to the property, as these can both cause subsidence if not properly managed. “You should also look to adopt a more sustainable lifestyle where possible, as this will help address the ongoing climate crisis, and reduce the number of subsidence cases in the long term. “If you think your home has a subsidence issue, reach out to your insurer, as they will put you in touch with the appropriate contacts.”