Alex Scott, 37, joined fellow presenters Gabby Logan, 49 and Ian Wright, 58, as well as Arsenal's women's manager Jonas Eidevall, 39, in the commentary box ahead of the UEFA Women's Euro 2022 semi-final between England and Sweden. The former professional footballer caused a stir on social media after her attire caught viewers' attention. Alex looked incredible as she opted for a stylish green blazer dress that featured a structured neckline. The sports broadcaster's dark tresses flowed in loose waves down her back. BBC viewers tuned into the semi-final match but were somewhat distracted by Alex's appearance as they took to Twitter and reacted to her attire. Sammy wrote: "Omg @AlexScott is so beautiful! #lionesses." READ MORE: Kate Garraway 'in survival mode' amid fears for husband Derek Tim commented: "Alex Scott is beautiful." Strove penned: "@AlexScott looking STUNNING tonight." Ewan remarked: "Alex Scott looks fire in her green suit." "Alex Scott looking gorgeous once more, a beautiful gem," agreed CS. DON'T MISS... Michael Bublé stops Exeter show after crowds 'scream' for paramedics[LATEST]Helen Skelton's ex-husband Richie enjoys break with girlfriend[PICTURES]Kate Garraway 'in survival mode' amid fears for husband Derek[UPDATES] Richard offered: "@IanWright0 @AlexScott loving the coverage but as ever looking so stylish." Meanwhile, viewers had cause to celebrate as England reached their first major women's tournament final since 2009 as they put four past Olympic finalists Sweden at Euro 2022. The Lionesses, who extended their unbeaten run to 19 games under manager Sarina Wiegman, will play either Germany or France for the ultimate prize at Wembley on 31 July. Alex has since taken to Twitter and shared her delight over the women's England squad. She shared a candid mic drop picture of England defender and goal-scorer Lucy Bronze as she praised the football team. The BBC presenter tweeted: "That’s the worlds best!!" Social media users reacted as Mark wrote: "Omg - I have never wanted England in football to win so much as a Welshman as of tonight! Passion for shirt, amazing football - So much better watching than the men's team #exciting #passion #vision everything! Come on England!" Chris tweeted: "You did say that England needed to love the ball, clearly they listened to the great Alex :)." Claire commented: "@LucyBronze is a hero in our house." Fiona agreed: "The whole squad & backroom were incredible tonight AGAIN! Believe it sweetie." The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge also led a fan frenzy as the England women's team progressed to the Euro 2022 final. Kate and Prince William quoted the Lionesses celebratory tweet which read: "IT’S FOURRRRRRRRR". Prince William went on to tweet following the news of their victory: "Congratulations @lionesses on making it to the #WEURO2022 final on Sunday. The entire country is so proud of everything you’re achieving. We believe in you and will be with you all the way! W"