Chelsea should not sign Leeds United winger Raphinha this summer, according to their former defender Frank Leboeuf. Barcelona are reported to have made a new offer for Raphinha but Leboeuf doesn't think the La Liga club should sign him either. Chelsea are in the market for wide attacking players this summer. Manchester City's Raheem Sterling is also a target, with his contract expiring in 12 months' time. The Blues had an offer of an initial £55million accepted by Leeds for Raphinha earlier this week. However, they are yet to agree personal terms with the 25-year-old. Barca are also keen but their interest may depend on the future of Ousmane Dembele, who is out of contract. Transfer expert Fabrizio Romano says Barca have made a new bid to Leeds which is still below their asking price for Raphinha. READ MORE: Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta can sign obvious Raphinha alternative for just £34m  Asked which player he would prefer if he was Barca boss, Leboeuf said he wouldn't want either. And he also warned Chelsea off Raphinha, claiming he has too many doubts about him as a player. Leboeuf responded on ESPN FC: "Can I say none? Is that possible for me? "I've expressed myself about Ousmane Dembele and the lack of consistency that he showed playing for Barcelona. It's impossible to say what will happen with Dembele and [maybe] once he will have a normal full-time season with Barcelona or any other club. "On Raphinha, I saw him playing for Rennes, I saw him playing for Leeds with a little bit more consistency. He's a pure talent, he's somebody I have doubts about, still the same question marks that I have for Dembele. The consistency of performances." DON'T MISSMan Utd once rejected Neymar swap deal with PSG as talk of Premier League transfer growsNewcastle fans revel in Hugo Ekitike twist as 'underhand tactic' leaves star red-facedTottenham on verge of fourth and fifth signings following double transfer breakthrough  Leboeuf also says Raphinha is a similar player to Hakim Ziyech. Morocco star Ziyech is linked with a move to Serie A champions AC Milan after making just 14 starts in the Premier League last season. Leboeuf continued: "I hear that he could go to Chelsea, yes, but just confirm to me please, Ziyech is still at the club and is going to stay at Chelsea? "Because for me if Ziyech does [stay], for me Raphinha is a look alike. So why do you need Raphinha if you have Ziyech? "I don't know what to do with those two players but I have doubts. And with all due respect, I would go for none." Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here 