Sadiq Khan held a special meeting with key senior officials from agencies including the NHS, the Met Police, London Fire Brigade, London Ambulance Service, councils, and Transport for London on Friday to ensure there is a robust plan in place to deal with the level four heat alert. He urged to urged Londoners to undertake only essential travel on Monday and Tuesday and to prepare for disruption because speed restrictions will be in place on rail and Tube networks. But journalist James Max has raged at Mr Khan for telling people what to do. Speaking on the Jeremy Vine show, said: "He's doing something else and therefore the Government that is there couldn't possibly do the job. "Also, I don't want the Government telling me what to do every five seconds. "We've had the Mayor of London telling us that we shouldn't do this and we shouldn't go out. Shut up! "Leave us alone! We're not stupid. I don't need it." READ MORE: Sea evacuated as Dorset parents grab their children from water It comes as Mr Khan said Boris Johnson is treating the British public with "contempt" following his absence from Cobra meetings over the summer heatwave, and called for him to immediately step down as Prime Minister. Mr Johnson has been criticised for choosing not to chair the security meetings with Cabinet ministers as parts of the country face temperatures of up to 40C (104F) on Monday and Tuesday, while still finding time to ride in a Typhoon fighter jet during a demonstration at RAF Coningsby last week. Mr Khan said Mr Johnson should be making better use of his time, and declared he should hand over power to Deputy Prime Minister Dominic Raab while the Conservative Party chooses its next leader. He said: "The Met Office for the first time ever have issued a level 4 red alert warning, the chief medical officer is advising everybody to be careful as a consequence of this extreme weather, the Prime Minister is hosting a lavish party at Chequers and obviously going on a joyride on a Typhoon plane. "That's not what a Prime Minister should be doing. And if the Prime Minister wants to go on a jolly, he should leave Number 10 Downing Street, he should resign and allow the Deputy Prime Minister to be a caretaker prime minister until the Conservatives have chosen their leader." He added: "This idea of a Prime Minister, who has been voted out by his party, having a jolly for six months is treating the British public with contempt, he should go now." Mr Johnson is facing allegations of having already "checked out" and "clocked off" as Prime Minister after he hosted an exclusive party and took a spin in a fighter jet ahead of the extreme heatwave. DON'T MISS Hottest places in the UK right now: Is YOUR home town on the list? [MAP]How to sleep in a heatwave: 3 supplements to help 'fall asleep faster' [INSIGHT]Key health risks to look out for during the heatwave [ANALYSIS] Labour criticised Mr Johnson for being absent from Cobra emergency meetings as the UK prepared for the first ever red extreme heat warning. Downing Street insisted it was "not unusual" for Cabinet ministers to lead such meetings and that Mr Johnson's Typhoon flight was "important" to understand the RAF's capabilities. The UK was facing travel disruption, closed schools and health warnings on Monday and Tuesday as temperatures were set to soar into the high 30s, and possibly passing 40C. Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer accused the Government of failing to focus on the heatwave, as the Tories fight a bitter leadership contest.