The Rolling Stones have had some huge hits over the years but even the very best rock bands sometimes aren’t happy with their work. It turns out there are a few tracks that have since been released from almost 50 years ago that Mick Jagger – who appears tonight in the BBC’s My Life as a Rolling Stone documentary – thought weren’t good enough at first. Released in 2020, the previously unheard tracks from the Goat’s Head Soup album are Criss Cross, All the Rage and Scarlet. Speaking previously with The Sunday Times, Sir Mick said of their unearthing: “[The record executives] said, ‘We’ve found these three tracks’. I said, ‘They’re all terrible.’ That’s always my initial reaction, ‘They’re all useless!’ I mean, actually, I always liked the songs, but they weren’t finished. Sonically they still sound like they were recorded then, even if they weren’t perfect. You can make them sound a little better than they did. But I think these three songs are all up there with the rest of the songs on this record.” On teaming up with The Rolling Stones for Scarlet almost 50 years ago, Led Zeppelin’s Jimmy Page said: “There was an invite to do a session. It was with Keith. So I said, ‘I’ll tell you what, I’ll bring my guitar along and I’ll lay the solo parts on it.’ It’s really great to have done it. It’s brilliant what Mick has done with it. But it’s also good to hear Jimmy Page flying as he was in the 1970s.” Jagger added: “I remember first jamming this with Jimmy and Keith in Ronnie [Wood]’s basement studio. It was a great session. By finding these songs that haven’t been released, especially now at the moment – it’s good to do this kinda stuff.” READ MORE: Rolling Stones ‘Keith Richards’ obsession drove me batty!’ says Jagger Keith Richards reminisced: “My recollection is we walked in at the end of a Zeppelin session. They were just leaving, and we were booked in next. And I believe that Jimmy decided to stay. We weren’t actually cutting it as a track. It was basically for a demo, a demonstration, you know, just to get the feel of it. But it came out well — with a line-up like that, you know, we better use it.” SOURCE