The latest Marvel film, Thor Love and Thunder, has just been released and has received some incredible reviews. The Daily Express called it "colourful, weird, hilarious and downright entertaining". But fans have begun hitting out at how distinctly straight the movie is. In recent years the Marvel Cinematic Universe has been including more new characters who are either gay or queer. Because of this, Disney fans hoped the new movie would focus on these relationships a little more than just a fleeting reference. Before the screening of Thor Love and Thunder in London earlier this week, fans were given the opportunity to ask some questions to director Taika Waititi, and the stars of the movie Tessa Thompson and Natalie Portman. One fan quizzed Portman: "How gay is the film?" She replied: "So gay." Waititi also yelled in agreement: "Super gay!" This answer was clearly what the crowd wanted as they began yelling and applauding in appreciation. However, since then, fans have begun hitting out after the film's release. One Twitter user and critic revealed: "Before the THOR 4 screening last night Natalie Portman called it "so gay". Devastated to report — and really, you won't believe this — that she lied." Another agreed that Portman had in some ways exaggerated the queerness of the movie. Camille added: "The next time Natalie Portman says a film is 'so gay', I won't believe her." (sic) A third went on: "This was the biggest lie of the century." (sic) However, many fans did praise the film for its representation of gay characters. READ MORE: Thor Love and Thunder post-credits scene: Huge hint dead Loki 'alive' Nessers said: "taika waititi & natalie portman did not lie when they said thor love and thunder is so gay!" (sic) While Lynn concurred: "okay so i’ve finished watching thor love and thunder and i am so happy to report, it is “so gay” as natalie portman said and there was zero queer-baiting involved. it was an absolutely beautiful, amazing movie and the people tearing it down don’t know what fun is." (sic) One of the characters was confirmed to be bisexual in Thor Love and Thunder: Valkyrie. The Asgardian warrior was introduced during the events of Thor: Ragnarok, and was teased as a love interest for Thor before fans got to know her a little better. Thompson - who is bisexual - recently spoke openly about Valkyrie's bisexuality. DON'T MISS...Thor Love and Thunder end credits scenes: Thor 5 teased with new god [INFO]Thor Love and Thunder spoilers review: Cameos aplenty before shock end [REVIEW]Natalie Portman dazzles in red dress and rose crown at Thor premiere [INSIGHT] Thompson said in an interview: "We’ve had lots of conversations about [Valkyrie’s sexuality]. I think there’s a lot of folks that are righteously very hungry for that representation to exist in these movies, as am I." She added: "I also think [it’s important] not to hang the character’s hat solely on her sexual identity just because she’s a queer character. I think that’s one way of minimising her humanity, actually, if that’s the only facet that you get to explore her in." (Via LA Times) In Thor Love and Thunder, there are two scenes which confirm that Valkyrie is bisexual. The first is a reference to her girlfriend who died during a battle. Another shows Valkyrie kissing a woman's hand. At the moment, Marvel has only introduced a handful of openly gay heroes in their cinematic universe. Most recently, Phastos was shown with a husband and a son in Eternals. Before that, Loki confirmed he had been with both men and women in his Disney Plus show. Watch the Marvel Cinematic Universe on Disney Plus now. Thor Love and Thunder is in cinemas now. SOURCE / SOURCE