Following an established royal pattern, Duchess Kate was also handed the title Princess William - the same name as her husband - when the pair tied the knot. It is understood that the mother-of-three could also technically use Princess William, similar to the Queen’s cousin Princess Michael of Kent’s title.  Princess Michael of Kent’s real name is Marie-Christine Anna Agnes Hedwig Ida Von Rebienitz but she took on her new name after marrying Prince Michael. Kate has a number of royal titles including Her Royal Highness, The Countess of Strathearn and Lady Carrickfergus. But she will never be known as Princess Kate - like Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie - because she is not of royal blood.  Kate will also take on a new title when Prince Charles takes to the throne. Prince William will become the Prince of Wales and the duchess, the Princess of Wales. Speaking on an episode of Royally US hosts Christine Ross and Christina Garibaldi discussed the current Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's pending royal titles.  READ MORE: Kate Middleton is a 'sensitive' mum while Meghan is 'very modern' Ms Garibaldi, reading out what Daniel Wallace wrote, said: "William and Kate's visit to Cambridgeshire, kinda felt like a goodbye. "Almost like their time, as you see it, as Duke and Duchess of Cambridge is coming to an end. "[and] their time as Prince and Princess of Wales is about to begin."  DON'T MISS William and Kate to take 'budding football star' Charlotte to big game [INSIGHT]Kate and William protective of Prince George’s role as a future King [INFO]Royal Family LIVE: Meghan and Harry's legal deadline laid bare [BLOG] Meanwhile, the Cambridge peerage is expected to fall out of use and be re-absorbed by the Crown when William is king. Previously constitutional expert Iain MacMarthanne told Express.co.uk:  "When Prince Charles becomes king, Prince William as his eldest son and male heir will automatically become Duke of Cornwall in England and duke of Rothesay in Scotland, in addition to being Duke of Cambridge as he is presently. "When William becomes King the dukedom of Cambridge will be absorbed in the crown and Prince George will like his father before him automatically become Duke of Cornwall and Rothesay."  Kate will take the title of Queen Consort when William is King and while she won't have the same constitutional powers as her husband she will share his status at the head of the Firm.