Frank Warren has confirmed that he will be sitting down with Tyson Fury in the next couple of weeks to talk about ‘The Gypsy King’s’ next steps in the sport. Since retiring from professional boxing in April, Fury has been linked with multiple contests, and is rumoured to be awaiting the result of Anthony Joshua and Oleksandr Usyk’s rematch on August 20. But Warren affirms that no fights will be made until they sit down after the first part of Fury’s nationwide ‘Official After Party Tour’ ends later this month. “There’s lots of things being said at the moment but to be honest nothing has been done. Nothing will be done until I sit down with him,” Warren told Express Sport. “He’s got his tour at the moment so he’s travelling around the country. Once that’s done, in a couple of weeks’ time he has a little break in between so we will sit down then and have a chat.” Among those potential options is Thor Bjornsson. The pair recently went back and forth over social media and are now in talks to face each other in an exhibition bout, with The Icelandic Strongman confirming on Friday that the wheels are in motion for the blockbuster showdown. Talking about that fight and whether the public will buy into the contest, Warren said: “I don’t know to be honest. I’ve never really done anything like that so I couldn’t tell you if I’m perfectly honest but there’s a massive interest in Tyson and it seems Thor as well. There’s nothing done so it is what it is at the moment.” Warren continued: “Tyson is a fighting man and I do believe he will carry on fighting. Having said that, at the end of the day it is going to be his choice. But regarding his next fight, if he is going to have any fight it will be against the winner of Joshua and Usyk. MORE BOXING NEWS... Fury has Joshua request laughed off by Frank Warren's son Paul blasted for 'trying to cheat' after inserting clause to contract Conor Benn vs Chris Eubank Jr IS 'on' as date and venue emerge desp...  “From a British perspective, I’d like him to fight Joshua because I think all the fans would like to see that. That’s a massive fight, but people know who Usyk is now and are aware of how easily he beat Joshua so I think either of them is a big fight but an all-British affair is your fight. “With the World Cup though, I don’t think that fight would happen till next year.”