The Foreign Secretary is claimed to have made the huge blunder as she desperately canvassed support from colleagues in the House of Commons tea room after PMQs. Ms Truss approached the unexpecting member to ask them if they would support her bid to replace Boris Johnson as Prime Minister, completely unaware that they were from a different political party. One person with knowledge of the cringe-worthy encounter told Express.co.uk: "There was no small talk or anything. "She went straight in for the leadership pitch." They added: "She clearly either didn't know her own parliamentary party or was just completely desperate." The Lib Dem was said to have been left "embarrassed" by the approach as they had to awkwardly explain to her that they were not a Conservative. READ MORE ON OUR TORY LEADERSHIP LIVE BLOG A source close to Ms Truss last night disputed the claims, describing them as "complete and utter rubbish". Yesterday Tory MPs took part in the first ballot of MPs as they looked to take on the top job. Ms Truss, who has been considered one of the favourites to win the election, received the backing of just 50 of her colleagues. It meant that she finished in a distant third place, far behind Penny Mordaunt who received 67 votes, and front runner Rishi Sunak who was supported by 88 Conservative MPs. An exclusive Express.co.uk poll conducted by TechneUK today suggested Mr Sunak was also the favourite among the general public to be the next Conservative leader, with backing from 20 percent of those polled. Ms Truss and Ms Mordaunt were tied in second place with 11 percent support each. DON'T MISS:Tory leadership vote - results in full [IN DEPTH]Only Rishi can beat Labour in leave voting seats like mine JACOB YOUNG [COMMENT]Boris to hold confidence vote in HIMSELF as PM stuns Labour [UPDATE] Conservative parliamentarians are taking part in a number of votes to whittle down leadership hopefuls to two finalists. The two candidates with the most support from MPs will then be put to the wider party, with Tory members being given the chance to pick the ultimate winner. The Conservative Party's 1922 committee which runs leadership elections wants Mr Johnson's successor to be in place by September 5. Alongside Ms Truss, Mr Sunak and Ms Mordaunt only Tom Tugendhat, Kemi Badenoch and Suella Braverman remain in the contest. Chair of the health select committee, Jeremy Hunt, and Chancellor Nadhim Zahawi were both knocked out last night. Candidates needed the backing of at least 30 Conservative MPs to proceed to the next round, but Mr Hunt was supported by just 18 of his colleagues, while Mr Zahawi received only 25 votes. The next vote among MPs will take place today. A threshold required for MPs to advance further is yet to be announced by the 1922 committee chairman, Sir Graham Brady. 