Oleksandr Zinchenko will join Arsenal for the same two reasons as his former Manchester City team-mate Gabriel Jesus, according to reports. Zinchenko is said to be attracted by the prospect of having an integral role at the Emirates, as well as working under Mikel Arteta again. Express Sport understands Arsenal are close to securing the signing of the Ukraine international. Zinchenko was linked with the Gunners earlier in the window before they turned their attention to Lisandro Martinez. Arteta made it clear signing a versatile left-back was a priority this summer but Manchester United have won the race for Martinez. Zinchenko therefore came back on the radar and a deal could be completed soon. The 25-year-old is set to become the second player Arsenal have signed from City this summer after the £45million arrival of Jesus. CBS Sports says, like Jesus, Zinchenko has been sold on becoming an integral player at Arsenal. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd medical, Arsenal prepare £42m bid, Tottenham deal  Both Jesus and Zinchenko were bit-part players under Pep Guardiola, making 21 and 10 Premier League starts last season respectively. Jesus is set to be the first-choice forward at Arsenal, having spent the majority of his time at City behind Sergio Aguero. Meanwhile, Zinchenko will compete for a spot at left-back with Kieran Tierney and also in midfield, where he plays more often for his country. The duo have also been attracted to the Gunners by working under Arteta again. Arteta was the assistant at City between 2016 and late 2019. Jesus had some positive words to say about the Spaniard after his arrival was confirmed earlier this month. DON'T MISSMan Utd have seven players helping them on Frenkie de Jong transfer dealMan Utd star Bruno Fernandes has already 'approved' Frenkie de Jong alternativeTottenham players involved in feisty half-time exchange v Sevilla after blood spilt  He said: “We spoke a couple of times about the club, the players, the project and the future. I believe 100 per cent in Mikel. I had a very good time with him before, he’s a very good guy and a very good coach as well. “He helped me a lot [at City]. We would always stick together after the training sessions and do some finishing or something. He’s a very intelligent guy and was an amazing player, so if he knows something he can teach me or the young players.” Arsenal will begin their Premier League campaign on August 5 away to Crystal Palace. Jesus and Zinchenko's potential first match against their old side City is currently scheduled for Tuesday October 18. 