As the summer weather continues, the risk of sweat stains can spark danger for your dazzling whites. According to Alex Econs, founder of t-shirt printing company ICON Printing: "In June there was a 24 percent increase in searches for ‘sweat stains’ suggesting that we are in need of an easy solution to banish those awkward yellow stains." He shared a simple method that can get rid of sweat stains and "get your whites sparkling". Do your washing as soon as possible According to Mr Econs, the longer you leave a sweat stain, the harder it will be to remove. He explained: "The best thing to do is wash your t-shirt as quickly as possible after wearing it, try not to let the sweat sit around for more than a few days or it will be tougher to get rid of." Spot treat the stain first Before throwing your white garments in the washing machine, you should try to spot treat the affected area. You can do this by focussing laundry detergent or stain remover on the stained spot. Mr Econs said: "Not only will this save you money as it reduces the amount of product used but it will give it time to work on lifting the stain properly before the whole garment is washed." READ MORE: Lavender: ‘Right time’ to prune popular plant Try a natural cleaning solution While there are numerous products available which boast the ability to cut through sweat stains in a flash, there is an alternative which might be tucked away in the back of your kitchen cupboard. The expert said: “If the item is still yellowed after spot treating pretreating and washing the item, try a natural vinegar-based solution first. "This will be more gentle on the garment as well as on the environment." To make the solution at home, mix half a teaspoon of washing powder with a quarter cup of white vinegar and a quarter cup of cool water. Apply this directly to the affected area, lightly brushing it into the stain and then wash the garment right away. Try a natural cleaning solution While there are numerous products available which boast the ability to cut through sweat stains in a flash, there is an alternative which might be tucked away in the back of your kitchen cupboard. The expert said: “If the item is still yellowed after spot treating pretreating and washing the item, try a natural vinegar-based solution first. "This will be more gentle on the garment as well as on the environment." To make the solution at home, mix half a teaspoon of washing powder with a quarter cup of white vinegar and a quarter cup of cool water. Apply this directly to the affected area, lightly brushing it into the stain and then wash the garment right away. DON'T MISSCleaning: How to defrost a freezer in ‘10 minutes’ [INSIGHT]How to clean bathroom limescale: ‘Best tricks’ and ‘home hacks’ [INTERVIEW]‘Haven’t seen any since!’ Deter spiders from your home with 47p hack [COMMENT] Let the sun bleach it Mr Econs said: “One of the simplest but most effective ways of keeping your white t-shirts bright is to dry them outside if possible, it isn’t just an old wives tale." The sun will naturally bleach any discolouration lightening any stains and keeping your garments white for longer.