 There are now two types of State Pension in the UK, these are Basic State Pension and New State Pension and are provided to Britons by the Department of Work and Pensions (DWP).  Basic State Pension is for people who reached State Pension age before 6 April 2016 if they paid enough National Insurance Contributions (NICs). The New State Pension is for people who reach State Pension age on or after this date. If a person is on State Pension they will receive £185.15 per week for the new State Pension or £141.85 per week for the basic.     There are some benefits which will be stopped when a person starts to receive their State Pension which the charityTurn2us says that Britons need to be aware of as they reach retirement age. The charity has highlighted this list on its website. Benefits such as Income-based Jobseeker’s Allowance, Income-related Employment  Support Allowance (ESA), and Income Support are stopped when a person reaches the pension credit age of 65 years. If a person or their partner, reaches state pension age, they can also not claim contribution-based Jobseeker's Allowance or contributory Employment and Support Allowance (ESA). READ MORE: UK recession warning as Britons told to take ‘precautionary measures'     Universal Credit is also stopped however if a person is part of a couple and only one of them has reached State Pension age then they can still claim Universal Credit as a couple. People cannot also claim for Disability Living Allowance (DLA), Adult Disability Payment or Personal Independence Payment (PIP). However, if a person was already claiming Disability Living Allowance, Adult Disability Payment or PIP then they can renew the claim even though they are over State Pension age. This can only be done if they are claiming for the same health conditions and their last claim ended less than one year ago.     Bereavement Support Payment and Widowed Parent’s Allowance are also not available. Even though there are some benefits which will stop, there are actually lots of financial extras which people can claim when they reach the state pension age of 66 years to support them in their later years. Things such as Child Benefit, Carer’s Allowance, and Guardian’s Allowance are still available to be claimed. Statutory sick pay is also available to Britons who decide to continue working as they get older. READ MORE: Scam warning: Santander explains what it'll never do     People can also claim free local bus transport once when they reach the State Pension age. Britos can apply for a pass from their local council. People who are 60 or over, are also eligible for a Senior Railcard so they can pay cheaper fares on national rail travel. If a person’s income is considered low, they may be eligible to claim things such as Housing Benefits, Council Tax Support, and help with health costs. People can also claim Pension Credit if they and their partner are over Pension Credit age. This payment is for older people with a low income.     People over the age of 75 years and on Pension Credit, are also entitled to a free TV licence. Britons can also claim Winter Fuel Payment which is a one-off payment of £100 or £200 per year to help towards a person’s heating costs. Once a person reaches over the age of 80 years, the amount that people can receive for Winter Fuel Payment increases to £150, £200 or £300 per year. Benefits such as Working Tax Credit and Child Tax Credit cannot have new claims made however if people are already getting them then they can carry on receiving them.     