Anita Dobson delighted fans when she made a surprise appearance at the British Soap Awards to present the Outstanding Achievement Award to former co-star Letitia Dean, who plays Sharon Watts on EastEnders. Brian May's wife, who is best known for her role on the BBC soap where she played Angie Watts, attended the event to present an award to her on-screen daughter. But her appearance caught the attention of viewers as some critics claimed she was too old to show off her legs at 73. The former soap star has since said she is not surprised some people will "knock you" for your appearance and added she has no plans to stop flashing the flesh. Speaking out at the National Film Awards in London on Monday, where she won the Lifetime Achievement award, Anita said as long as you are comfortable then wear what feels good. She said: "If you feel happy and comfortable, that’s it." READ MORE: A Place In The Sun's Jasmine Harman heartbreak after 'tragic accident' "There’s always going to be someone that loves you and someone that knocks you for it," Anita added to the Mail Online. It comes after the wife of the Queen guitarist left viewers gobsmacked with her youthful appearance at the British Soap Awards held in June. Anita looked incredible in a glittery purple mini dress which featured a low-cut neckline. Gold sequins were placed around her neck and the star added a gold necklace to match.  Her silver locks were swept back into a chic updo while she added a slick of red lipstick. ITV viewers rushed to comment on her attire with some praising the former EastEnders actress. Jack Colin Fyshwick shared: “Omg wow Anita Dobson has aged so well, she looks about 15 #SoapAwards.” Mark Scales added: “The great Anita Dobson still with a twinkle in her eye!#BritishSoapAwards #SoapAwards2022.” DON'T MISS... Kate Garraway says husband Derek is back in hospital[LATEST]Michael Parkinson enjoys rare public appearance with wife at Wimbledon[PICTURES]'See why few watch' Andrew Neil forced to switch off BBC's Newsnight[TV] But others were less agreeable, as Jon stated: "What has Anita Dobson got on?" Marie added: "Love Anita Dobson but that dress….oh my! Longer is more classy at 73." Anita - who played Angie Watts from 1985 to 1988 - and Brian, 74, have been married since 2000. The legendary guitarist recently credited his wife with "saving his life" after complications from a heart attack that "nearly killed" him. The rocker suffered a heart attack in May 2020 shortly after incurring a separate, unconnected gardening injury which left him hospitalised. Recalling how he could "hardly crawl across the floor", the rocker sweetly praised his soap star wife, Anita, for taking care of him. He said: "She was incredible. She totally saved my life because I couldn't do anything and she just kind of nursed me, so I will forever be in her debt. "She did an incredible job on me."