Former Brexit Minister Lord David Frost took aim at ex-Defence Secretary Penny Mordaunt yesterday as the Portsmouth North MP continues to gain momentum in the 2022 Tory leadership bid. Ms Mordaunt received the support of 83 Conservative colleagues yesterday as she retained her second place position among Tory MPs. Fellow Brexiteer Rishi Sunak remains in pole position with 101 MPs supporting him and Foreign Secretary Liz Truss is currently in third place with 64 backers. However, Lord Frost voiced his "grave reservations" about Ms Mordaunt's bid during an appearance on TalkTV. Speaking to Julia Hartley-Brewer, the ex-CEO of the Scotch Whisky Association said: "To be honest, I'm quite surprised she is where she is in this race. "She was my deputy - notionally more than really - in the Brexit talks last year. "I'm sorry to say this, she did not master the necessary detail in the negotiations last year. "She wouldn't always deliver tough messages to the European Union when that was necessary and I'm afraid she wasn't fully accountable or always visible. "Sometimes I didn't even know where she was." JUST IN: Rishi Sunak 'fought for Brexit' and will grasp benefits of leaving EU as PM, allies claim When asked whether Brexit would be safe in Ms Mordaunt's hands, Lord Frost added: "I would worry, on the basis of what I have seen, we wouldn't necessarily get that from Penny." However, Ms Mordaunt campaigned for Brexit with the Vote Leave campaign while serving as Armed Forces Minister under David Cameron. Allies of Ms Mordaunt have been keen to stress her Brexit credentials and expressed regret about some of the personal attacks made during the campaign. John Lamont, who quit as a parliamentary private secretary to the Foreign Office ahead of Mr Johnson’s confidence vote last month, told Express.co.uk: "Penny Mordaunt has been a loyal Brexiteer from day one. "Of all the frontrunners, she is the only one who voted for Brexit and campaigned passionately for it from the get-go." Mr Sunak, who also campaigned to leave, had previously been criticised for playing a less significant role in the 2016 referendum campaign than other leadership contenders. READ MORE: 'Brexit is safe!' Mordaunt and Sunak allies stress Leave credentials in leadership race Mr Lamont added: "Penny has the positive vision and the ambitious plans to drive post-Brexit Britain forward. She uniquely understands the opportunities that leaving the European Union has delivered for all of our United Kingdom. "As Prime Minister, Penny would take advantage of the economic freedom we now have and capitalise by backing businesses to boost growth." St Ives MP Derek Thomas also championed Ms Mordaunt's post-Brexit vision. He said: "Penny is a conviction Brexiteer – she has always seen the potential that this country has outside the European Union, so she is ready to grab these opportunities. "Just look at the MP colleagues who are backing her. Many of whom represent constituencies that very firmly voted for Brexit and I, for one, know Penny can bring the nation together and take our country forward." While not referring to Lord Frost's comments directly, he also told Express.co.uk: "As far as these attacks against Penny, these are unfortunate but not unexpected as all of the other candidates recognise the support Penny enjoys across the Party's membership and the country." DON'T MISS:Tory leadership: Shock new Brexiteer poised to announce bid [REVEAL]Tory hopefuls spark hilarity with cringe-worthy campaign videos [VIDEO]Tory Party: Damian Green demands 'next PM has to be Tugendhat' [REPORT] However, Ms Mordaunt has also come under fire due to her stance on trans rights. According to Sky News, veteran ex-Minister Sir John Hayes was left "incandescent" when she responded to a question about her decision to replace "woman" with "pregnant person" in a piece of legislation. One MP claimed: "She said she had only had a day to read the bill." Suella Braverman, who was eliminated in the second ballot after receiving just 27 votes, also took aim at Ms Mordaunt. The Attorney General said: "The responsible Minister, I'm afraid, didn't stand up for women and didn't actually reflect the views of a lot of our party on wanting women to be authentically represented on the face of the bill and in legislation." Ex-Tory leader and Liz Truss backer Iain Duncan Smith even argued: "I really genuinely don’t know what Penny has done in the last two and a half years apart from knowing the odd job title that she’s been in." However, Ms Mordaunt has opened up a lead in the opinion polls against many of her opponents, including Mr Sunak. According to YouGov, the Trade Minister would currently defeat the ex-Chancellor by a 39-point margin. But a separate survey by JL Partners found that Mr Sunak was the only candidate with a lead over Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer. Express.co.uk has approached Ms Mordaunt's leadership campaign team for comment.