The Duke of York has kept a low profile since settling his civil sexual assault case brought by Virginia Giuffre outside of court. He has always denied allegations against him and his lawyers say his financial settlement did not equal admission. Andrew was expected to make an appearance at a thanksgiving service during the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations last month but cancelled after a Palace spokesperson said he had Covid. READ MORE: Prince Andrew a 'bomb waiting to go off' as fresh details emerge from disastrous interview The Queen’s second son was also reportedly banned from the annual Garter Day service at Windsor Castle in June after a last-minute intervention from senior royals. But some royal experts have said Andrew cannot be “swept away” forever and claimed that discussions are likely to be ongoing about moving him off the royal estate. Nigel Cawthorne, author of Prince Andrew: Epstein, Maxwell and the Palace, told The i: “It’s almost certain that he’s going to be homeless. They’ll take him out of the Royal Lodge and give it to someone else.” He continued, referring to Andrew’s ex-wife Sarah Ferguson,: “And by someone else, I don’t mean Fergie. She hasn’t done an awful lot for the Royal Family either.” Andrew and Sarah have shared the Royal Lodge, a £30million mansion on the grounds of Windsor Castle since 2004. Mr Cawthorne suggested that Maxwell’s 20-year sentence would likely prompt criticism of the Royal Family for providing Andrew with a refuge. Royal expert Ingrid Seward said she would be “very surprised” if Andrew was not kicked out of Windsor once the crown passed to Prince Charles. She said: “He will be financially secure but I will be very surprised if he keeps the Royal Lodge.” So what do YOU think? Should Prince Andrew be kicked out of Windsor Castle? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below.  Andrew was stripped of his military titles and royal patronages in January this year, in the face of a civil claim for damages brought against him by Ms Giuffre, who was trafficked by the late Jeffrey Epstein. Andrew was spotted wearing a fleece and jacket bearing the Grenadier Guards’ royal cypher while horse riding, according to The Sun. It is understood that Andrew has asked the Queen to reappoint him as the Colonel of the guards. Former Grenadier Guard Julian Perreira, who served three tours of Afghanistan, told the Sun: “It’s wholly inappropriate that he continues to wear the uniform. “He has been asked to leave and hand over his title. He is continuing to tarnish the regiment. “He didn’t serve in the Grenadier Guards, it was only ceremonial so he has no right to continue to wear the royal cypher. “But no one can officially tell him to stop wearing it.” So what do YOU think? Should Prince Andrew continue to wear military gear despite being stripped of titles? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below. DON'T MISS: Prince Harry wins High Court battle in latest in security saga [UPDATE]Queen sends heartfelt wishes to beloved cousins as they mark milestone with new picture [LATEST]Prince William ‘utterly disgusted’ by Meghan Markle’s Oprah claims - ‘Such a shame’ [INSIGHT] Royal aides have reportedly branded Andrew as “delusional” as he hopes to make a public return to royal life, a royal correspondent has claimed. Speaking on the latest Royal Round-Up, the Daily Express' Royal Correspondent Richard Palmer said palace aides have said Andrew is “delusional” about the public’s reaction and for thinking he can return to his royal life. Host Pandora Forsyth asked Mr Palmer: “Do you think that he's a little bit delusional if he thinks he's going to come back to the same popularity as he once had?” Mr Palmer replied: "I've spoken to people in the royal circles, better not say more than that, who [are] really tearing their hair out with him. “[This is] because, you know, they say he is delusional about the public's reaction to him. “Nobody underestimates the public's shock and revulsion, his involvement in the Epstein scandal, more than Prince Andrew.” He added: “He people really understood how people feel no matter that's not been found guilty of any criminal offence, has not been charged with any criminal offence, he wouldn't constantly be thinking about making any, sort of, come back.” So what do YOU think? Should Prince Andrew continue to push for royal public return? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below.