Tottenham are on the verge of finally offloading Jack Clarke on a permanent basis - three years after he was seemingly signed behind Mauricio Pochettino's back. The winger is closing in on a return to Sunderland, where he enjoyed a fruitful six-month loan spell last season. Tottenham had high hopes for Clarke when they prised him away from Leeds United back in the summer of 2019. But Pochettino, who was still in charge of the club at the time, made it clear that Daniel Levy was the driving force behind all of the club's transfer business - and that Clarke wasn't one of his signings. Speaking shortly after Tottenham's Champions League final defeat back in July 2019, Pochettino said: “I am not in charge and I know nothing about the situation of my players. Sell, buy players; sign contract, not sign contract — it is not in my hands. It is in the club’s hands and Daniel Levy’s hands." Unfortunately, Clarke has been unable to fulfil his undoubted potential at Tottenham since his £10million arrival. The 21-year-old was handed his debut back in 2020 in the Europa League, but has failed to make a single Premier League appearance during his time at the club. READ MORE: Barcelona star Frenkie de Jong 'picks between' Man Utd and Chelsea In fact, Clarke has spent the majority of his time at Tottenham out on loan and has had temporary spells with the likes of QPR, Stoke and Sunderland in recent years. However, Clark now appears to have finally found a home at the Stadium of Light. The fleet-footed winger made a major impression during his brief stint in the North East last term and racked up one goal and three assists to help fire Sunderland to promotion via the play-offs. According to reports, the Black Cats have fended off competition from a whole host of other Championship clubs for Clarke, who is expected to join Alex Neil's side on their pre-season tour of Portugal. DON'T MISS: Barcelona 'want Man City signing' before selling Man Utd De JongFrenkie de Jong may already have Haaland issue as he plans arrivalMan Utd told they must make 10 transfers this summer to get top four Clarke is unlikely to be the only player who will depart Tottenham for good in the coming weeks. Antonio Conte has been busy in the transfer market and rubber-stamped a season-long loan deal for Clement Lenglet - the club's fifth summer signing - on Friday. Steven Bergwijn also completed his exit from the club on the same day, with the Dutch winger signing for Ajax in a £26.4m deal just two-and-a-half years after joining Spurs from PSV Eindhoven. Japhet Tanganga is the latest Tottenham player to be linked with an exit from the club, with The Daily Mail revealing that both Bournemouth and AC Milan are interested in striking a deal for the versatile defender.