The Port of Dover has said a lack of French border officials was resulting in waits of up to six hours for border checks to cross the English Channel. Port authorities said in a statement on Friday, July 22, that the number of French border police “has been insufficient and has fallen far short of what is required to ensure a smooth first weekend of the peak summer getaway period.” Fraser Myers, from Spiked Online, told GB News: “The border staff at Dover are saying the French are being overly-diligent despite having so few staff. READ MORE: Brexit LIVE: French police chief who branded UK 'regressive' blamed for Dover travel chaos “Maybe there is a bit of resentment from having to invest more money because there are extra checks after leaving the EU.” Lorry drivers heading for the continent have also been delayed, leading to claims the French are “hurting” businesses all across Europe. Former Scotland Yard detective David Videcette tweeted a video of the queues on Saturday, July 23. He wrote: “Had to drive this stretch of road earlier – there’s still miles and miles of queuing lorries. It was interesting to note most of them were left-hand drive, so not UK based. “The French not manning their border posts is hurting businesses all over Europe, not just UK holidaymakers.” Foreign Secretary and Tory leadership hopeful Liz Truss blamed the disruption on the French authorities when asked if Brexit was at fault. She said at a campaign event in Kent on Saturday: “This is a situation that has been caused by a lack of resources at the border. “And that is what the French authorities need to address and that is what I am being very clear with them about.” Following talks with French counterpart Catherine Colonna, the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office tweeted a statement from Ms Truss. It read: “It was clear the French authorities have not put enough people on the border and we need to see action from then to resolve the terrible situation which travellers, including families, are facing.” Ms Colonna said the pair had a “good talk” and tweeted: “We welcomed the cooperation between our competent technical services to reduce the delays. Need also to improve the facilities of the port of Dover.” DON'T MISS: Potential solution to airport chaos as London Southend offers to host cancelled flights [UPDATE]Boris tipped for NATO top job after 'hero' PMs support for Ukraine: 'Perfect role' [INSIGHT]UK weather: Brits brace for thundery outbreaks paired with sunny spells following heatwave [LATEST] The Port of Dover said they were relieved French border controls were now fully operational and Dover's chief executive Doug Bannister said it was immensely frustrating to be let down by poor resourcing at the French border. He warned that additional checks were necessary at the border increasing transaction times. He welcomed the commitment shown by both French and UK authorities to resolve the issue and added that staffing levels need to be maintained. So what do YOU think? Should Britain pay France to sort out Dover travel chaos? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below.