Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta noted the new connection between Gabriel Jesus and Martin Odegaard after the Gunners battered Sevilla 6-0 at the Emirates on Saturday. The Brazilian netted a hat-trick to continue his pre-season rampage, and the latter, who has just been named as the club's new captain, put together an accomplished display. There was plenty for fans to sink their teeth into during Arsenal's latest pre-season test. Jesus once again made the headlines by netting twice in the opening 20 minutes as the home side raced into a 4-0 lead, and once more after the break to complete his treble. Odegaard, fresh from being unveiled as Arsenal's new captain, did not get on the scoresheet but led by example with a confident display. His delicate ball over the top to Bukayo Saka led to a penalty which set the Gunners on their way, with another Saka strike and a late Eddie Nketiah goal completing the scoring. After the game, Arteta said: "Gaby [Jesus] makes Odegaard better. We needed someone to make him look better. The connection is there. JUST IN: Man City given fresh Marc Cucurella transfer hope as star left out of Brighton friendly  "Jesus plays with that intensity to win the ball and play in the opposition half. You can't do that if players don't work. His versatility is well known. He can play centrally, left, right. He can play in a two like he did with Eddie in pre-season. He gives us a lot of flexibility. "[Odegaard] represents the values of this football club, of his team-mates, of the staff. He's respected by everyone inside the club. I'm proud to announce him as captain." Gunners fans will be optimistic about how both stars will perform this season, with more experience under their belts and more responsibility on their shoulders. DON'T MISS...Liverpool below Chelsea, Man Utd 6th as Foster makes rogue predictionsBarcelona hint at hurting Chelsea again as Xavi sets sights on duoFrank Lampard ‘planning Chelsea transfer raid’ for four players  Jesus appeared 28 times in the Premier League for Manchester City last term, often from the bench and most often out wide. Having signed for the Gunners, however, he is set to be their main man up top, particularly after scoring seven goals in five pre-season matches. Odegaard, meanwhile, put up solid numbers last campaign with seven goals and four assists in the league alone. That output could go up another level with Jesus making runs up ahead of him, and Arteta will hope that the new partnership bears fruit quickly with Champions League qualification set to be fiercely contested in 2022/23.  But the former Man City assistant won't be putting all his eggs in one basket and has already splashed out to recruit the likes of Oleksandr Zinchenko and Fabio Vieira this summer. On Saturday, he told fans what they wanted to hear by suggesting that more moves could be on the cards. "We are still hoping to do something else if the market allows," said Arteta. "You have seen some movement in the last few days as well. We want to get the perfect balance and the plan we wanted from the beginning. Whether we accomplish that or not is another story." 