Arsenal owner Stan Kroenke's presence alongside technical director Edu to watch their victory over Orlando City on Wednesday night may have been a pivotal moment regarding the club's remaining summer transfer business, according to reports. The north Londoners have already moved quickly to use the market to their advantage, with the likes of Gabriel Jesus, Fabio Vieira and Matt Turner all having been snapped up since the end of last season. Oleksandr Zinchenko is also set to join Arsenal over the coming days, while Lucas Paqueta and Nicolo Zaniolo are said to be among their other targets to pursue before the new Premier League campaign gets underway. It seems as though discussions regarding further additions may have recently been held between Edu and Kroenke, with the pair having met to watch Arsenal's win over Orlando as part of the club's pre-season tour.Edu and Kroenke were spotted in the stands alongside chief executive Vinai Venkatesham and the incoming Zinchenko, with Arsenal ultimately securing a comfortable 3-1 win against their American opponents. It is highly likely that talks were also held to discuss the club's transfer policy, according to football.london, which suggests that a number of players could still be signed in the not-too-distant future.Arsenal have been heavily linked with a move for Paqueta over the last few weeks, with Mikel Arteta thought to be keen on reinforcing his squad in the middle of the park despite the recent arrival of Vieira. It seems likely that Paqueta could be on his way out of Lyon this summer and the Brazilian playmaker has already been mentioned in connection with the likes of Newcastle United and Tottenham. JUST IN: Tottenham and Arsenal in driving seat as Zaniolo swap deal rejected He chipped in with six assists and nine goals for Lyon over the course of last season, with his attacking contributions helping the French heavyweights to secure an eighth-placed finish in Ligue 1. It remains to be seen whether Arsenal will firm up their reported interest in Paqueta's signature with an official bid before Premier League football returns in early August, though.Roma midfielder Zaniolo is another name to have been linked with Arsenal as of late, but the Gunners could be set to face stiff competition from Tottenham in their efforts to bring him to the Emirates Stadium. Spurs director Fabio Paratici flew out to Italy earlier this week in order to discuss a handful of potential transfers, potentially giving him the upper hand with regards to a move for Zaniolo this summer. Meanwhile, a number of players may need to be sold by Arsenal in order to allow Edu and Kroenke to rubber-stamp any further signings between now and the start of next season. Arteta recently hinted at a desire to trim his squad when quizzed on any outgoings by insisting that some difficult conversations will need to be held with some of his existing stars in the near future."We have to make some decisions on the players that we're not going to be using consistently and be fair and straight with them," the Arsenal boss told reporters after his side's pre-season victory over Orlando."That's a process that is going to start very soon as well. We have to, and now we have to make things happen." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here