Chelsea target Matthijs de Ligt would still favour a move to the Premier League over joining Bayern Munich despite positive talks with the German champions, according to reports. The highly sought-after Dutchman could be set to leave Juventus this summer after three seasons in Turin and Chelsea are among those keen. Thomas Tuchel's side are after two new central defenders after waving goodbye to Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen following the expiry of their contracts and De Ligt fits the bill. Discussions have already taken place between the two sides with Chelsea keen to push Timo Werner or Christian Pulisic in the direction of Turin. It's thought Juventus would be interested in taking Werner as part of the transfer deal, although nothing has been agreed to date. According to Gianluca Di Marzio, De Ligt is still leaning towards a move to England this summer despite holding talks with Bayern. READ MORE: Juventus pick preferred Chelsea player for Matthijs de Ligt swap deal News emerged on Monday revealing that the defender has been in dialogue with Bayern boss Julian Nagelsmann over a possible move to Bavaria. Instead, De Ligt would seemingly be keen to head to Chelsea, where Tuchel is waiting for him. Chelsea have plenty of cash to spend and they are looking to mark the new era under Todd Boehly in style. The 22-year-old former Manchester United target would be the perfect fit for Chelsea's three-man defence. READ MOREChelsea 'receive response' from Juventus after 'offering two players' for Matthijs de LigtJuventus pick preferred Chelsea player for Matthijs de Ligt swap dealChelsea face make-or-break Raphinha transfer meeting after receiving 'no response' on deal De Ligt has played in a back three regularly during his time with Juventus and with the Dutch national side. That's why the Blues are arguably the best fit for his development as he looks to elevate his game to the next level after a disappointing campaign in Turin. There are conflicting reports in Italy on how Juventus would like Chelsea to structure a deal. Some outlets claim they would prefer a straight cash transfer while Werner is also thought to be of interest to the Italian giants. Chelsea are also still open to signing Jules Kounde from Sevilla although Barcelona are still in the fray. Super-agent Jorge Mendes has reportedly been tasked with resolving the Frenchman's future as Sevilla look to push through a deal. At the moment, Chelsea seem reluctant to match Sevilla's steep £60m asking price which has increased following the sale of Diego Carlos to Aston Villa. The Blues bid £42.5m last summer but Sevilla hung onto the player and are now determined to maximise potential profit.