The former This Morning host, 62, joined GB News earlier this year in what was seen by some as a controversial move.  However, in his latest Express.co.UK column, Eamonn Holmes described the job as "an honour and a privilege", but he also detailed the part of the job he finds difficult as he gave his thoughts on the latest on the war in Ukraine and the tragic stories coming out of the country each day. "It’s an honour and a privilege," he wrote, talking about presenting the Breakfast show on GB News and being the first to inform viewers of what's going on in the world. He continued: "And, to me, it’s the best job in the world. That’s why the thought of being back among the team at GB News was one of the things that kept me going during my recent unexpected stay in hospital. "But it’s not always easy - and there’s been several times over the past five months where I wished I didn’t have to show viewers some of the terrible scenes coming out of the Ukraine. "Yet we mustn’t look away. And last week’s attack by the Russians on a shopping centre in the Ukrainian city of Kremenchuk, which killed dozens and left hundreds injured, underlined once again how evil Vladimir Putin is." READ MORE: Why did Aunt Joan leave Doc Martin? The broadcaster added: "Make no mistake, this man is the Adolf Hitler of our times - and I fear far worse could yet lie ahead. "That’s why I found it strange to see world leaders laughing and joking at the G7 summit as they discussed how best to deal with Putin. "I just hope nobody cowering or hiding from bombs in Ukraine was watching on. "If they were, they might be left scratching their heads and asking just how serious G7 Leaders are about dealing with this murderous-monster hiding in Moscow. Last week, a Ukrainian shopping centre in Kremenchuk was hit with missiles. It triggered a huge explosion which left several dead and many more injured. A Kremlin propagandist has since claimed that the attack was staged, possibly with Western help, in order to put pressure on NATO to increase the pace of its weapons supplies. GB News, along with other broadcasters, have been bringing daily updates on the war ever since Putin's Russia invaded Ukraine in February. Eamonn's GB News show sees him working alongside Isabel Webster to bring viewers the newest daily goings-on in the morning. DON'T MISS... James May shares fears of getting older after close friend's death [LATEST]EastEnders theory: Peter Beale flees Square following Ben blackmail [THEORY]A Place in the Sun's Ben Hillman shut down by guest in U-turn [VIDEO] Guests also join the two presenters to debate the latest topics, and Eamonn is always vocal in his viewpoints on different subjects. With the war in Ukraine making constant headlines, Eamonn and Isabel are often the ones detailing the latest atrocities taking place to viewers tuning in. Throughout the rest of his Express.co.uk column, Eamonn argued the UK needs to wake up "to the reality that there are no laws and there are no rules when it comes to war". He stated every single penny taken from Russian should go to Ukraine. He wrote: "Not least because I don’t think folk would want to see a single rouble being reinvested into their NHS, their schools or their public services. "Such a step would also send a signal to Ukrainians that there is reason to be hopeful during the darkest days." Speaking in the House of Commons, Boris Johnson recently said it was imperative to “take advantage” of Putin’s “overstretched army” across the Donbas and reiterated his pledges to the eastern flank of Europe to ensure their security. To view Eamonn's full column, click here.