To say that the Foreign Secretary has hardly set the contest alight with either personal charisma or imaginative policy announcements would be an understatement. Indeed, her performance in the first TV debate on Friday was so stilted that even some in her own camp thought she might have blown her chances.  But like the political street-fighter she is, she hung in there, put in a far better performance in the second televised debate on Sunday, and did enough to see off both Kemi Badenoch on Tuesday and Penny Mordaunt yesterday (Wednesday). In football World Cup terms, she is like the heavyweight nation that starts slowly while others win the early plaudits yet still makes it to the final. She now faces a head-to-head battle against smooth-talking former Chancellor Rishi Sunak, who comfortably topped the MPs’ ballot by 137 votes, to her 113 and Penny Mordaunt’s 105. Yet given that Sunak is the figure most blamed by the Tory grassroots for the successful plot to bring down Boris Johnson, she will go into the wider members’ ballot with a big advantage. Her stated policy stances on issues such as forcing reform of the Northern Ireland Protocol, backing the Rwanda migrant removals policy and loosening the grip of the European Court of Human Rights over UK law are also punchier than Sunak’s and more to the taste of most grassroots Conservatives. So is her plan to cut taxes in a bid to put more money into people’s pockets to fire up the economy rather than just waiting for the public finances to magically improve, as Sunak seems to propose.  Despite many supporters of the eliminated Mordaunt and of Sunak claiming that Truss cannot lead the Tories to a general election victory because of her sometimes less than stellar abilities as a communicator, the truth is that nothing is pre-ordained. In Keir Starmer she will hardly face an unbeatable opponent. And throughout her political career she has shown a gritty willingness to work on her weaknesses and an outright refusal to allow mockery from media left-wingers to dampen her self-belief. She is also massively experienced in ministerial office, serving on the Government frontbench continuously since 2012. While she has not always found things plain-sailing, neither did she ever come close to being dropped by David Cameron, Theresa May or Boris Johnson. And she has earned a reputation as a do-er rather than a talker. That is a testament to her toughness and adaptability to new conditions. Sunak remains a formidable opponent so it is of course possible that she will stumble and fall at the last hurdle, but few who have followed her steady – some would say remorseless – rise will think that a likely outcome. 