Former Aston Villa striker Gabby Agbonlahor has claimed that Arsenal need up to four more signings this transfer window and warned the Gunners that they may finish below their north London rivals Tottenham again if they do not strengthen further this summer. Mikel Arteta’s club have bought four new players already this summer, as Gabriel Jesus, Fabio Vieira, Marquinhos and Matt Turner have all joined the club. Despite denying that Arsenal need another striker, Agbonlahor believes there are several areas where the Gunners can improve. “Gabriel Jesus is the number one,” Agbonlahor told Football Insider. “He can start. [Eddie] Nketiah can be the one that comes on for 20 minutes and plays the cup games. “They are Ok in the striker department. Maybe one more if they can but if not it is not the worst position to be in. Other teams have had two strikers in a season and been fine. For me, they need another winger. "They were talking about Raphinha and it didn’t work out. [Bukayo] Saka, [Emile] Smith Rowe and [Gabriel] Martinelli are very good players but they are young and will have a dip in form. [Nicola] Pepe hasn’t worked, they need one more. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd fresh £45m bid, De Jong picks Chelsea move, Arsenal £6m offer “Then another midfielder. There was talk about [Youri] Tielemans but that’s gone quiet. Arsenal have still got business to do. [Kieran] Tierney’s got his injury problems at left-back. At right-back, I’m not so sure about [Takehiro] Tomiyasu or Cedric [Soares]. “There are positions to be filled for Arsenal. If I was a betting man and nobody else signed any more players, I’d bet on Spurs to definitely finish above them next season.” Tierney’s injury woes may have been further highlighted during Arsenal’s first pre-season match against FC Nurnberg on Friday when the Scottish left-back was substituted off after 30 minutes. DON'T MISSErik ten Hag 'overruled Man Utd recruitment team' on separate signing to Lisandro MartinezPep Guardiola has pulled off two Man City transfers more impressive than Erling HaalandChelsea and Arsenal suffer Raphinha blow as Barcelona in driving seat with last-ditch bid It is unknown whether the change was planned before the match, as the 25-year-old missed the last six weeks of the season after undergoing knee surgery and the friendly against the German side was his first match on his road to recovery. Former Arsenal winger Perry Grove was in the commentary booth for the match, and suggested that Tierney did not look up to the pace of the game. "He didn't look sharp at all,” Grove said. “Hopefully it's damage limitation, 'get yourself off, don't make anything worse'." Arsenal have been linked with Ajax’s Lisandro Martinez, who could provide cover at left-back and midfield, but appear to have been beaten to the signing by Manchester United as the Argentine’s former boss Erik ten Hag looks to bring him to Old Trafford. The Red Devils have reportedly met Ajax’s asking price for the 24-year-old in a big step towards signing Martinez.