Michael Franzese has shocked guests on the Jeremy Vine show as the former mobster put forward the conspiracy theory that President JFK was murdered on the orders of the Mafia.  Mr Franzese told the show that he had heard from associates over many years that the killing of the US President in Dallas, Texas was a "mob hit." Mr Franzese told Jeremy Vine: "I gotta tell you this, there's no question or doubt in my mind that this was a mob hit on JFK. "I've heard that from the right people in my entire life and they had no reason to be to lie to me. "You know, Jack Ruby was very closely associated with [Al] Capone and the people in Chicago." "He's the guy who shot Lee Harvey-Oswald," added Mr Vine.  "He shot Lee Harvey-Oswald, he was sent there for that reason," replied Mr Franzese. "There's more of a backstory but we don't have time now." US President John F. Kennedy was assassinated as he rode in a motorcade through Dealey Plaza in downtown Dallas, Texas on November 22, 1963, In “Top 10 Secrets and Mysteries”, it is alleged that members of a secretive society named Skull and Bones were behind the assassination.  Conspiracy theorist Robert Gorden told the programme: “Certainly the shots came from more than one direction. “There had to be a conspiracy. “The fatal head shot came from the front, entered the right temporal area, and blew out the back of the president’s head.” Other theories have put forward ever more extraterrestrial theories behind the killing of JFK. DON'T MISS... Cliff Richard grins happily for fans on grey day four of Wimbledon [UPDATE]Lady Victoria Hervey, 45, goes underwear-free in daring number [INSIGHT]R Kelly sentenced to 30 years in prison for sex abuse crimes [ANALYSIS] A YouTube video uploaded under the title "JFK Assassination Evidence in Malta (The Nibiru Connection)" alleges that the US President was in fact killed by aliens. In the video, a man says: "Jesus Christ said I am the truth, the way, and the light. "Who killed John F Kennedy? The answer lies here at this monument in San Pawl, in Malta. "As you can see there is a very interesting circular structure behind me – what appears to be a flying saucer landing pad. What else would such a structure be good for?"