Adele rose to stardom in 2008 after the release of her first album, 19 — and today performs in front of thousands at Hyde Park’s British Summer Time festival. Since then, the Watford-born singer has climbed the ladder of success, culminating in her performing as the headline act on Glastonbury’s fabled Pyramid stage in 2016.   It was here that she gave some of her now well-known sass, interacting with the audience, asking them where they were from. Her appearance came just days after the Brexit vote, where the UK voted to leave the EU. When some in the crowd said they were from Coventry — a seat that voted for Brexit by a huge margin — boos were heard ringing out from the crowds. Adele reacted furiously: "I’ll have no f*cking booing at my show. “After what went on the other day, are you mad?" READ MORE: Elvis girlfriend Linda slams new film 'Elvis did not curl up and die' after Priscilla left  She added: “It’s a bit weird the stuff that’s going on at the moment for all of us. "And we need to look after each other. Happy Pride everybody, as well." She was closing the second day of the festival, and mentioned it was “the best moment of my life”. She also asked for the lights to be shone on the audience so she could see them, and changed the lyrics to her Grammy award-winning song Hello. Rather than “I’m in California dreaming”, she catered to her audience singing “I’m in Glastonbury dreaming”.  Her stage banter became more personal as her performance went on, eventually questioning the audience on their bathroom habits before the show. She questioned: “Have any of you had a piss down the front? Have any of you had a shit?” The crowd reacted as Adele exclaimed: “Oh my god, someone put their hand up! You had a shit?” This was not Adele’s first brush with politics in the public eye, as earlier that year, a Republican presidential candidate in the United States was using her songs as warm-up music in his political rallies. Her hits, Rolling In The Deep, and Skyfall were being used, but she was quick to shut it down.    /entertainment/films/1631429/Elvis-girlfriend-Linda-after-wife-Priscilla-Baz-Luhrmann-biopic-Aloha-Hawaii  A spokesperson for the singer said at the time: “Adele has not given permission for her music to be used for any political campaigning.” In the same year as her Glastonbury performance, Adele had a viral moment during her world tour whilst performing in Amsterdam. In-between belting ballads, she spotted a young girl dancing on her chair in the audience, copying the moves of Adele’s own back up dancers. She called the young girl and her sister up on stage for a quick photo, only to realise she had met them before when they were just a few weeks old. The 10 and eight-year old were the daughters of Adele’s cellist played the concert her daughters were attending in Amsterdam.  Adele’s shocked reaction to recognising their father, who had come to the front of the stage to take the photo, went viral as she exclaimed: “Oh my God! Shut up! No way!” The girls got their photo with the songstress and waved at their mum in the orchestra before heading back off stage to their seats. Adele plays BST in Hyde Park today, with an all-female lineup supporting her before she heads on stage just after 8pm. The supporting line up includes Kacey Musgraves, Self Esteem, Ruti, Tamzene and Bonnie Kemplay.