But the high number of offences and soft sentences just add the load put onto an already stretched force. What steps have ever been taken to reduce repeat offending? It is not unusual for criminals to commit 20 or more offences, creating a revolving door of arrest, court, slap on the wrist and out again, with police repeatedly chasing and arresting the same people. There should be a sentence multiplier - second offence attracts double the first and so on, thus reducing crime. It is quite right for Liz Truss to say that the police need to up their game in the fight against crime, says John Page from Crawley, West Sussex. Police forces have changed their methods of policing over the years, but they are clearly not working. They need to give serious thought to getting officers back on their feet, patrolling the streets. Mobile patrols are important but do they always need to be double manned? When not on a call, officers need to park up and walk, making contact with the public.   Unions in sectors like rail, mail and telecoms cannot accept they are no longer state monopolies and big pay rises can only be funded by customers or better productivity, says Roy Daniels from Luton, Bedfordshire. Calls by Labour and unions for the Government to get around the table just means they want it to bail out the employers with our money. Having been a Labour voter all my life, at the last general election I just could not bring myself to support Jeremy Corbyn, but it is great to see things getting back on track under Keir Starmer, says Ron Deamer from High Wycombe, Buckinghamshire. I cannot help feeling that if Keir Starmer and Manchester mayor Andy Burnham were to join forces they could well be a credible opposition. But they have to find a way to sideline Angela Rayner. With her on the front bench Labour will continue to be unelectable. Reports that some food items have risen by 10-15 per cent are way off the mark, says Graham Partington from Liverpool. I would say in many cases it is nearer to 50 per cent, as lots of items I buy have risen by that amount in the last few months. There is massive profiteering going on as companies recoup their lockdown losses. 