This doesn’t mean Boots will stop selling sunscreens with SPF factors of less than 15 (it won’t stop selling Nivea), but it will stop making them under its own in-house brand Soltan. The move forms part of Boot’s partnership with cancer charity Macmillan Cancer Support; one which hopes to encourage better sun practices this summer. It comes as cases of the most dangerous form of skin cancer, known as melanoma, rose globally. Soltan’s Claire O’Connor said: “Through our partnership with Macmillan, we’re committed to taking action to improve sun safety.” While not one of the most common cancers nationwide, skin cancer rates are rising rapidly and will continue to do so as the UK experiences longer and warmer summers. Skin cancer can be split into two forms, melanoma and non-melanoma. Knowing the differences and symptoms to spot is crucial.  Melanoma skin cancer is a type of which skin cancer which can spread to other parts of the body. Non-melanoma skin cancer occurs when cancer develops in the upper layers of the skin. Non-melanoma is more common than melanoma, with around 147,000 cases diagnosed every year in the UK. READ MORE: Disease X: Will we see the feared viral threat? Signs of both non-melanoma and melanoma skin cancer are easy to spot. The NHS says: “The first signs of non-melanoma skin cancer is usually the appearance of a lump or discoloured patch on the skin that persists after a few weeks and slowly progresses over months or sometimes years. “In most cases, the cancerous lumps are red and firm and sometimes turn into ulcers, while cancerous patches are usually flat and scaly.” Melanoma skin cancer, meanwhile, is a different beast altogether. The most common sign is the development of a new mole or change in appearance of an existing mole. Signs a mole may be cancerous are if it is:• Getting bigger• Changing shape• Changing colour• Bleeding or becoming crusty• Itchy or sore. Should any of these things become noticed, it is important to see a GP and get checked by a professional.