The report is accompanied by a YouGov poll into parents’ attitudes about what is happening in schools under the guise of equality, diversity and inclusion (more commonly known as EDI for short). These terms are vague. Everyone basically agrees that these are admirable ideals. What is very much up for debate, however, is what policies exactly local councils should be adopting and who they should (often with public money) be hiring in their attempts to advance the noble sounding agenda of equality, diversity and inclusion.The work of Don’t Divide Us focuses on issues related to race and integration, and it is in this space that terms like ‘white privilege’ and ‘unconscious bias’ have found their way into the EDI policies of UK councils and into UK schools. These are terms based on ideas that have come from right-on colleges in America.At best, they are a clumsy fit for the UK, at worst they risk undermining the colour-blind approaches to race relations and integration that have made the UK a far better model for positive integration than not just the US but most other comparable western European nations too. The Don’t Divide Us report is only just the beginning. It raises some very serious concerns about exactly what the definitions of words like ‘anti-racist’ and ‘diversity’ are that local councils are operating under. Are they the same as the definitions widely held by most British people?To the average man and woman down at the local pub, being anti-racist means treating everyone the same, irrespective of race. To the modern, self-anointed high priests and priestesses of ’anti-racism’ who blight our lives with their sermons, and who now appear to make up the bulk of EDI professionals however, being 'anti-racist' does not mean that at all. To them it equates to ‘centering’ the ‘lived experience’ of ‘people of colour’. This does not, in any shape or form, treat skin colour like it does not matter at all. It is the complete opposite. So, when exactly was the incorporation of these new definitions signed off on and by whom? Was the British public even consulted?We also have the serious issue of parents being excluded in these discussions.What happens when parents disagree with the approaches to complex issues or with the teachings of a new ideology to their children at school? According to disciples of this new order, it is only to be expected because older generations are bound to get it wrong and resist. In their lofty opinion, it is the duty of properly motivated activist educators to manage and circumvent the objections, and genuine concerns, of out of touch parents who simply cannot or will not get in with this woefully woke new programme.But does all this not amount to a fundamental reconstitution of the role of schools in relation to children? Although not always the case, there should be mutual respect between teachers and parents, and a tacit agreement that parents are made aware of what is being imparted to their children, when educators stray outside the lane of core subjects.The Don’t Divide Us report must, above all else, start some conversations on the way forward when it comes to heated debates on racism and what we do about it. What exactly are the shared universal principles related to combating racism and discrimination that unite rather than divide us? What is and is not within a teacher’s job description? What are parents’ rights?Perhaps the most troubling ask of the report, (something also reflected in reports related to comparable content both in relation to race as well as sex and gender), is that parents, campaign groups, and in some cases even Government departments, are at times having trouble even securing full and transparent access to materials being used in UK schools to educate British children.Whatever one’s views on any of these complexities, the principle that parents should never be denied access to materials being used to educate THEIR children should be a shared position that unites all of us.