Tennis star Cameron Norrie made history for Britain when he became the first UK male in five years to reach the quarter-finals at Wimbledon. However, if his girlfriend Louise Jacobi was impressed, she didn't show it for long. While Cameron was celebrating his big win, fashion entrepreneur Louise, 32, skipped away to watch the Rolling Stones live in concert in Hyde Park. Though she referenced her beau's "great win" on Facebook, she had soon progressed to posting footage of Mick Jagger in action instead. Cameron had become the first British male to go so far at the tournament since tennis prodigy Andy Murray back in 2017. But if he'd hoped to spend time with Louise after the show to celebrate, she demonstrated to him that You Can't Always Get What You Want, as she uploaded footage of the Stones performing their song of the same name. READ NOW: Fern Britton mocks 'toy boy' Boris over Carrie as she carries baby And although he might have had Moves Like Jagger, he wasn't the one his girlfriend's eyes were on during the concert. However she was watching proudly in her Centre Court seat at the moment when he delivered his sensational match point win. Cameron has seen off competition from American hopeful Tommy Paul and then Belgian ace David Goffin. Now he faces a tough semi-finals clash with Serbian Novac Djokovic to defend his winning streak. Meanwhile despite Louise not being by his side on the night of the Rolling Stones show, the pair are believed to have a loving and supportive romance. Her Instagram account displays photos of the couple celebrating the Queen's Platinum Jubilee, as well as hanging out in Lyon together after another tennis match triumph for the rising star. The Chicago-born beauty now travels the world to support Cameron during his matches, but she hadn't always been keen. In fact, in a recent interview, she admitted that his constant touring life had almost been a deal-breaker, threatening to end their relationship before it began. READ NOW: Rafael Nadal's sweary rant after question about his wife Xisca Perello [DEBATE] Christian Horner admits 'problem' at home with Geri Halliwell [LATEST] Martin Freeman admits ‘it’s hard not to feel hurt’ over kids [INSIGHT]  "I thought: 'I guess this guy doesn't live a normal life, and it's not like I can meet (him) down the street and go to dinner together'," she lamented to PA News Agency. Then he invited her to see him play in Vienna, and she ended up having a five day break there. Shortly afterwards she was made redundant, allowing her to adjust her schedule for him more easily, and the rest was history. "In some weird way, I was like: 'Thank God I got laid off when I did', because we were able to build the foundation of our relationship before Covid hit," she explained. The loved-up couple are so close that she was incapable of holding back the tears during his match with Goffin. "It was surreal. When your significant other is crying in front of you - like choking up - how could I keep a dry eye?" she questioned. "I remember him saying when we first met: 'Oh, my dream would be to be in the top 10.'" Of course now Cameron's dreams are taking shape - and Louise looks likely to be part of his glittering future.