Cats can struggle in the heat just as much as dogs do, especially when they wander out of the house to explore under the scorching summer sun. Despite being domesticated from desert species on continents like Asia and Africa, cats are still at risk of overheating when they spend too much time exposed to the heat. Some breeds are more susceptible to hot-weather problems than others, but there are plenty of simple steps you can take to keep any breed of household cat cool during a heatwave. While most cats can regulate their own body temperature to keep themselves safe, it is still important to prepare your pets for scorching heat which they may not be used to. Water, shade and plenty of cool spots to lounge in are all essential for your pet’s health, but what exactly can you do to ensure they’re all set for the heatwave both indoors and outside? Thick fur can be uncomfortable in the heat, so take time to groom your cat before the heat sets in. The Healthy Pet Club recommended removing all tangles and brushing out any matted hair to reduce the amount of heat that gets trapped in their coat. Clipping the tummy region only can also help to reduce the warmth of your cat. READ MORE: Dog owners issued urgent warning over pets' paws as they swelter in UK According to the Blue Cross, cats are prone to sunburn, particularly pale or hairless breeds such as Sphynx cats, or those which are light in colour such as ginger or white cats. The PDSA explained protecting cats from sunburn is “vital”, as it can lead to a skin cancer called Squamous Cell Carcinoma. Keeping your cat safe is easy to do using pet-friendly sun-block, which can be purchased from most pet retail stores. If you are concerned about using sun cream on your cat, it is best to keep them indoors when the sun is at its strongest, between 11am and 3pm. Before leaving your cat alone, the Healthy Pet Club urged homeowners should check sheds, greenhouses and cars before closing the door; a cat trapped inside could end up with heatstroke. If you’re leaving the house for the day, don’t forget to provide plenty of fresh water for your pet. Keep bowls chilled in the fridge until you have to head out and keep them shaded to make sure they stay cooler for longer. This might require you placing a bowl in a few places around the house and in the garden to make them readily available. DON'T MISS:How to water your plants properly in a heatwave - ‘best practise’ [INSIGHT]Heatwave UK: Nation bakes, Brits head to beaches and parks - PICTURES [REVEAL]‘Simple’ wet towel hack to keep homes cool in heatwave [ANALYSIS] While cats can access fresh air more easily while you’re not home, it is still important to keep your home well ventilated throughout the day. Create a cross breeze by opening windows at opposite ends of the house or a room to establish a clear flow of air. Keep curtains closed to prevent sunlight from heating up your home and leave electric fans out of the way to prevent nasty accidents. The PDSA said: “You can also tempt your cat with a refreshing place to kick back and keep cool by providing cold ceramic tiles, or a cooling mat for them to lay on.” Most cats avoid overheating by seeking shade, but they can still be at risk of heatstroke if they are unable to find a cool place to reduce their body temperature. It is important for all cat owners to be aware of the signs and symptoms of heatstroke, so you can get help for your cat quickly if needed. The PDSA blood explains that the most common symptoms of heatstroke in cats include: The charity said: “If you're worried that your cat is suffering from heatstroke, contact your vet immediately.”