The Moon will move from sensitive Pisces into bold Aries in the afternoon, bringing a more forthright and energetic influence to the fore. Mercury will move to oppose Pluto in the morning, layering additional pressure to face and deal with certain problem areas. Express.co.uk reveals your horoscope, star sign reading, astrology and zodiac forecast for July 18. The Aries Moon sign is a warrior Moon, and with this comes courage, bravery, and an impetus to tackle challenges head-on. You might feel more tempted to take risks and push the boundaries you wouldn’t normally consider while transiting in a different sign. The Moon School said: “When the Moon moves through the sign of the ram, it will often activate the more independent, forceful, and decisive sides of our personalities. “This can be a great thing if you want to tick tasks off your to-do list!” READ MORE: James Webb telescope a ’paradigm shift’ in hunt for Earth-like planets  Exuding the energy of initiation, the Moon in Aries makes for a great time to start new projects - or wrap up existing ones. The Moon School said: “As the first sign of the Zodiac, Aries often embodies the child, and the young, fresh, innocent, and even naïve energy of this archetype. “Often likened to the Fool in Tarot, this can make us feel spontaneous, and potentially a little impetuous.” So be careful not to rush into any rash and ill-thought-out decisions while this Moon is in transit.  Mercury will move to oppose Pluto in the morning, which might apply additional pressure on problem points. Cafe Astrology said: “There can be mental tension, paranoid thoughts, or excessive suspicion to manage. “We might either feel compelled to talk and question or withhold information and we can too quickly become embroiled in power struggles.” However, in making an effort to learn from apprehensions and resentment, you might be brought closer to understanding what you actually need and want. DON'T MISS: James Webb horror as £8.4bn NASA space telescope damaged by meteorite [INSIGHT]Putin’s missiles an ‘arsenal of accidents’ [ANALYSIS]3 of the best trailing plants for your summer hanging basket [EXPLAINED]    On the upside, the day will advance more positively as it draws on, The Moon’s alignment with Jupiter will encourage more of a need to embrace self-direction, self-expression, and initiative. Indastro said: “When the empathy of Moon meets the wisdom of Jupiter, it engenders a native who is generous, compassionate and good-natured but at the same time, tactful, wise and perceptive.”  This alignment might make you feel further inclined to carry out more virtuous and benevolent deeds. The void Moon will occur from 7.44am BST with the Moon’s last aspect before changing signs (a sextile to Pluto), before entering Aries at 12.18pm. 