 Queen Elizabeth II arrived in the Scottish Highlands on Thursday and is set to stay for ten weeks. Her Majesty will spend the remainder of the summer at Craigowan Lodge, a seven-bedroom stone house approximately one mile from the main castle in Balmoral. According to reports in The Sun, a Balmoral insider claimed the full list of royals — including Prince Harry, Meghan Markle and their two children — have been invited to spend time at the Scottish royal residence.  Members of the Royal Family are obliged to join the monarch for short breaks during her extended stay. Balmoral is widely thought to be the Queen’s favourite residence; her granddaughter, Princess Eugenie told ITV’s 2016 documentary: "I think Granny is the most happy there. I think she really, really loves the Highlands.” Her Majesty travels to the north to Scotland at the end of every summer, but her idyllic holiday may face some obstacles this year. Writing for The Daily Beast, Clive Irving, royal expert and author of ‘The Last Queen,’ and Tom Sykes, a correspondent for the publication, claimed that the politics of the Royal Family may cause some logistical challenges, particularly because of disgraced Prince Andrew and his reportedly strained relationship with his brother Prince Charles and nephew Prince William.  Mr Irving and Mr Sykes wrote: “But it is clear is that the politics of the family, which are particularly complex and delicate at this juncture in royal history, are adding to the logistical challenges of delivering the Queen an idyllic Scottish summer. “Andrew is almost certain to spend an extended period of time in Scotland by his mother’s side, not least because he has nothing else to do now that his stream of summer invitations has all but dried up, and travelling overseas exposes him to the lenses of paparazzi photographers in a way that being at home, enveloped by the royal security apparatus, does not." They added: “But Charles and William are unlikely to countenance visiting the castle while Andrew is there. “Sleeping under the same roof as Andrew would encourage speculation that they are OK with him. That is not part of their succession plans.”  It comes a month after the Prince of Wales and Duke of Cambridge reportedly blocked Andrew from participating in the public elements of the traditional Garter Day ceremony. A source close to the Duke of York told Fox News: "Andrew is desperate to rebuild his life and wants his titles back. "But he is fuming with Charles and William for stopping his plans." Since his out-of-court settlement with Virginia Roberts Giuffre, Andrew has kept a relatively low profile, only attending a limited number of royal events. The Duke of York settled his civil sexual assault case in February; the sum of the settlement, which was said to be up to £12 million, included a payment to Ms Giuffre as well as a “substantial donation” to her victims’ rights charity.  Andrew has vehemently denied all allegations made against him, claiming he has no recollection of ever meeting Ms Giuffre, and the settlement was not an admission of guilt. The Duke spoke openly about the allegations and his relationship with Jeffrey Epstein during a now-infamous interview for Newsnight. In 2019, Andrew sat down with Emily Maitlis for an interview, now widely considered one of the most disastrous in history. He discussed his relationship with the disgraced financier and denied claims he had sex with Ms Giuffre, who said she was trafficked by Epstein, on three separate occasions, including when she was 17. Now, a royal commentator has claimed Andrew did not give the Queen “the full story” about what he planned to say during his interview. During an episode of True Royalty TV’s the Royal Beat, Daily Mirror royal editor Russell Myers said: “Well, I don't think he told [the Queen] the full story...he sort of told her that he was going to do an interview, nobody really knew the full story of what he was going to be discussing with Newsnight.” He told host Kate Thornton: “I mean anyone who would have known an inkling of what he was going to be discussing would have just told him to not take part in that.” The interview is now set to be dramatised in a new film entitled ‘Scoop’, which will be based on the new book by Sam McAlister, the ex-Newsnight producer who secured the surprising sit-down with the royal. Your Honour screenwriter Peter Moffatt is writing the film adaptation, which will tell the story of how the interview came to be and recreate the shocking claims made.