After years of neglect from Labour, Boris came in and promised us something different; opportunity, aspiration, change. Redcar voted 66 per cent leave in 2016 – and because of the Government led by Boris and Rishi, the area has started to feel the benefits of Brexit. It is the home of the UK’s first post Brexit freeport. On the backbenches, Rishi helped develop our freeport policy, as Chancellor he legislated to enable freeports to happen, and then picked Teesside as one of the first to go ahead. Rishi set up the UK Infrastructure Bank – which is a lending facility for large infrastructure projects. The first investment the new bank is making is here on Teesside with £110 million in the new South Bank Quay project. When looking at where to relocate the Treasury’s northern hub, he picked Darlington with more than 100 jobs based here so far. Rishi has backed Teessiders like no Chancellor, red or blue, before him. We all know Labour can not be trusted with the economy and do not have the faintest clue what they are saying from one day to the next. Rishi on the other hand has both the competence and vision to steer our economy through the tricky months ahead and on to a brighter future. He got us through Covid with the furlough scheme which saved 11.6 million jobs. But, crucially, he has also got the vision to seize the huge opportunities that post Brexit Britain presents. Like me and most of my Redcar constituents, in 2016 he had the imagination and foresight to see the opportunities of leaving the EU and proudly put his name to it. And so it is no surprise that polling shows that next to all the other leadership candidates, Rishi’s the only one that can hold on and advance in the red wall. Only Rishi can keep Keir Starmer out of Number 10. Labour abandoned Teesside so we must not let them reverse all the good we have achieved in my area since 2019. Any of the other candidates would hand Keir Starmer a victory in two years’ time. Boris got Brexit done. And Rishi, a true Brexiteer, will make Brexit sing.