Amazon Prime Day 2022 is taking place this week, with the big annual sale event ending tonight (Wednesday, July 13). The two-day sale, which is exclusive to Amazon Prime subscribers, began on Tuesday and if you're not a Prime member and want to get a bargain you can simply sign-up for an Amazon Prime free trial. Millions of discounts are available in the Prime Day 2022 sales, including free access to Music Unlimited, Audible and Kindle Unlimited as well as 99p Prime Video channels. If you're interested in grabbing one of these deals then you can find details on these money-saving offers running out soon below. Just remember, with the free offers for Music Unlimited, Audible and Kindle Unlimited you need to be a new customer. Amazon is running a great deal on its Spotify and Apple Music rival. Right now the online retail giant is letting Prime customers get four months' worth of access to the service entirely for free. Amazon typically offers just a one-month free trial, so this is a great opportunity to try out the service for longer. Music Unlimited offers access to a library of over 90million songs, podcasts, curated playlists and more. And, unlike Spotify, the entire Music Unlimited library is available in lossless - aka CD quality - audio. Amazon calls this HD audio, with over seven million songs available in Ultra HD, which is better than lossless quality. Spotify is planning on launching its own lossless audio service, called Spotify Hi-Fi, but while this is confirmed to launch in 2022 a release date hasn't been confirmed yet. If you're not an Amazon Prime subscriber you can still get three months' worth of Music Unlimited for free. Music Unlimited is priced at £8.99 a month if you're with Prime or £9.99 or not. Meaning the deal offers Prime subscribers a saving of almost £36 and non-Prime subscribers a saving of almost £30. For book lovers, Amazon is also letting Prime subscribers get three months of Audible entirely for free. The audiobook service, which can be accessed on your smartphone, tablet, Echo device, Apple Watch, Kindle ereader or Fire tablet, lets you claim one audiobook each month to download and keep, as well as letting you access a library of thousands of audiobooks, Amazon Originals and podcasts. You will also get exclusive member-only discounts on Audible titles. If you're a Prime subscriber you can right now get three months' worth of Audible access entirely for free. For those not with Prime, you'll just be able to get one month free. Audible usually costs £7.99 a month, meaning this deal offers a saving of almost £24. Unlike the Music Unlimited and Kindle Unlimited freebie, the Audible three months free offer is available for a little longer. This deal runs out at 10am on Thursday July 14, whereas the other offers end once the clock strikes midnight on July 14. If you love books then the Audible freebie isn't the only deal that will interest you this Prime Day. Amazon is also offering three months' worth of access to its Kindle Unlimited ebook service for free. Prime subscribers already have access to one ebook service as part of their membership called Prime Reading. But Kindle Unlimited offers much, much more. Prime Reading lets users access a library of over 1,000 ebooks, magazines, comics and Kindle Singles, and there are also lending limits. With Kindle Unlimited, you will get unlimited access to a vast library of over a million ebooks. Plus, you'll also be able to read high street magazines thanks to included subscriptions, as well as access to thousands of audiobooks. Kindle Unlimited, like Audible, is priced at £7.99 a month so you'll save almost £24 with this deal. Prime Video users can also unlock extra boxsets and movies to watch thanks to a new 99p channel deal. This deal, which runs out after the Prime Day channels, lets you unlock exclusive content available with 13 different channels. Hit boxsets you'll be able to watch via these Prime Video channels include shows such as The Great, Power Book and Outlander. You will also be able to watch classic BBC and ITV shows like Poirot and Broadchurch thanks to BritBox having its price slashed to under a £1. Movies available to watch with the Prime Video channels on offer include films like the Oscar winning Drive My Car, classic crime / horror The Silence of the Lambs and The Terminator. You can find a list of all the channels available for 99p below... Shudder BritBox StarzPlay Curzon MGM Discovery+ Crime+Investigation Play MUBI Acorn TV History Play BFI Player Hallmark TV Eros Now MORE LIKE THIS