Law and Order: SUV actor Ice-T has exposed the origin story of how he ended up picking his famous stage name. The star revealed his true identity would get him into fights growing up. Ice-T has finally told the story behind his infamous stage name fans have come to know the actor by. Concocting his identity as a high-school student, his change of name came as a way to defend himself and protect him from fighting with his peers. Revealing the actor’s true name Tracy was a catalyst for bullying when he was growing up, the Law and Order star explained how he landed on Ice-T. Adopting the persona in his teens, it stuck and years later became the tag viewers across the globe would come to know him by. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan 'not showing love' claims royal author Levin Shortening his birth name to Trey, Ice-T was known for something more than just existing back before fame found him. Notorious for quoting American writer Iceberg Slim, his peers would request more lines from ‘Trey’ and the nickname was born. Speaking with Stephen Colbert on his Late Late Show, the star went back to the very beginning to tell the story. He shared: “My real name is Tracy which in the hood gets you into fights because guys meet you and say ‘Tracy - that’s a b***h name.’ “So now you fighting somebody you just met. “So I turned that into Trey but I would quote Iceberg Slim and I would say all this fly stuff. “They would say ‘say more of that, say some of that Ice stuff, T’, so Ice-T is short for Iceberg T.” The American rapper and actor has played the role of Detective Odafin Tutuola on Law & Order: Special Victims Unit since 2000. DON'T MISS...Law and Order SVU season 24: Showrunner sparks meltdown with update [INSIGHT]Law and Order's Anthony Anderson details real reason for series exit [INSIGHT]Law and Order SVU villain speaks out on shock return [INSIGHT] His first appearance on the crime show was in episode two of the first season, entitled "Subterranean Homeboy Blues". The artist’s song "Comin' Through" can be heard playing on a boombox in a subway car during the opening scene. An NBC commission, Law and Order: SUV focuses on a unit of NYPD detectives as they solve cases based on real crimes. In addition to their graphic, all-consuming work, viewers watch them as they try to block out the dark side of investigations to stop them from affecting their personal lives. On to its 24th season, filming has begun for the much-anticipated next instalment of the procedural drama series. Details on plot lines for the upcoming run have been kept under wraps but based on past releases fans can expect gut-wrenching cases and storylines inspired by real-life events "ripped from the headlines." Law & Order: SVU season 24 premieres on Thursday, September 22, at 9 pm ET/PT on NBC. While no official release date has been set for the UK, fans can catch up on season 23 which is now available to watch on both Sky TV and NOW.