You just want to live life to the full so if you are having fun and someone tells you to act your age, ignore them. You’ve put other people’s needs before your own for too long now and it is time to make yourself the priority. You need to make an informed choice when considering plans for the future. You sense you aren’t being told all you need to know and you will want to avoid any potential pitfalls that may be lurking in the background. This is why you will be delving more deeply than others who are also involved. You’re tempted to give an honest response when someone asks for your opinion but before you do, pause and think about it. How will your words affect someone emotionally? You don’t have to tell a lie but you could phrase your opinion in a way that will soften the blow.  Get out and socialise if you feel lonely. An old friend would be happy to meet up with you again. If your social skills are a little rusty, share a happy memory, or two and conversation will quickly flow. Make it your intention to keep duty to a minimum. Someone is hoping for your help in an area they know nothing about and you have a lot of experience in. If you get involved, this could be complicated and time consuming for you. They will expect to be guided every step of the way and the question is: do you really have the time? A friend has let you down a few times now. Their excuses for having done so again will be feeble. You don’t want to feel angry with them but you do and you are entitled to feel this way. It is becoming obvious that they will always be unreliable.  Despite all those ideas packed into your head, your powers of perseverance are sadly lacking. You have a number of plans you would like to work on and as soon as something goes wrong you will want to move on to the next. This isn’t a great way to make progress. There is no structure to a group effort. People leading this project are conspicuous by their absence and no-one seems to have a clue about what they are supposed to be doing. With everything so unclear, you might do better by making your own decisions and getting on, on your own. Arguments over a religious or cultural matter will make you suddenly question your own beliefs. Your views could have a lot to do with your early religious background and this might be brought home to you as you listen to other people’s views and experiences.  You’re over-analysing your feelings and emotions and this is making you restless, confused and uncertain. Instead of looking inside for answers, take a look at what’s going on around you. Join in a sports event or fundraising exercise to take your mind off personal concerns. You have been expecting too much from yourself and you can’t seem to work as quickly as you had hoped. A mental or creative block is preventing you from making headway in a project you had wanted to complete soon. Joining forces with a talented friend could help you overcome this hurdle. No matter how skilled or experienced you might be, you could still learn a lot from studying other people’s methods and listening to their suggestions. Someone will admit to having also learned from watching you in the past and this will come as a surprise when you have always admired their work. 