  Strictly Come Dancing presenter Claudia Winkleman has given an insight into how she’s feeling after turning 50 in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk. The presenter described how she felt as if she was “falling apart” having reached the milestone.      Claudia recently teamed up with her Strictly co-star Tess Daly, 53, to promote Boots No7 Pro Derm Scan, which helps people of all ages get the most out of their skincare routine. The new diagnostic service aims to give customers accurate skincare and cosmetic recommendations based on an up-close scan of their skin. Speaking about the futuristic scanning process, Claudia shared her thoughts on the results. “I thought it was gonna hurt and it didn't - and it was really quick,” she revealed excitedly. READ MORE: 'Queen!' Beyonce strips naked and rides horse for 'Renaissance'     “And bearing in mind I've got like minus 15 eyesight, I've never seen anything that close up in my life. “I don't even know what I look like now. So I just couldn't believe that! It's a real life scanner. “I’m definitely lined. I mean, I'm 50 - I'm falling apart!” she added. “They said I needed moisturiser, but they were quite pleased with me! I got lots of greens, which I remember being pleased about.”      Asked if she felt there was a pressure within the media industry to live up to a certain standard of beauty, Claudia shared her thoughts. “I definitely don’t feel that,” she reflected. “I feel like I could absolutely crumple at this stage, but I don’t feel pressure. “I mean, I’d like my hair to be shiny, but we know that there is one company that deals with that.” Claudia has been the face of the Head and Shoulders brand for many years. READ MORE... Rafael Nadal's sweary rant after question about his wife Xisca Perello [LATEST] Cliff Richard, 81, puts on animated display in white suit at Wimbledon [UPDATE] Stunner Ruth Langsford almost unrecognisable in glam transformation [UPDATE]      Quizzed on whether she felt older women felt the need to look much younger than they are, Claudia replied: “It’s a good question. I mean, I'd love to say no, but people probably do feel like they need to look young. “I mean, my best piece of advice is to get an oversized and very heavy and slightly too long fringe. “Because underneath here, it's a disgrace,” she added. “I don't know if you're aware of the dog, the Shar Pei? That's what's going on.      “Maybe I'm just being optimistic, but I hope that pressure is lessening. “We want to look good, right? Whether we’re on telly or we’re not on telly. Or good is an exaggeration - let’s not worry about good. “We want to look sort of clean and like we’ve brushed our teeth. I think that’s all we can hope for at this stage,” she added jokingly. Claudia Winkleman is partnering with No7 to celebrate the launch of Pro Derm Scan, an in-store personalised consultation service with a No7 Beauty Advisor to help you see and understand your skin. Available now in selected Boots stores.   