 Earlier, the media reported that the Chinese President declined an invitation to visit Moscow from his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin. As reported, the Russian leader invited Xi during a telephone call on June 15. Jumping at the opportunity to deny the allegation, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov has denied the reports.  In a prepared statement on the issue, President Vladimir Putin’s mouthpiece said: “This is not true. This is completely untrue. “The fact is that certain Covid restrictions in China continue, and this is absolutely normal, and this should be treated with understanding. "And as all these relaxations of these restrictions allow, of course, all visits will be carried out.” The spokesman continued: “Xi Jinping has a valid invitation to visit Russia, just like Putin - to visit China.”  Ties between China and Russia also took a sour turn following a joint aerial exercise last month in which Beijing accused Moscow of being “too flashy” in wanting to push the exercise beyond the agreed boundaries, hence risking confrontation with Japan in the process. However, a recent naval exercise saw vessels from both China and Russia come close to entering Japanese waters near the island of Senkuku. China’s ties to Russia have also been questioned over the ongoing war in Ukraine. To date, Beijing has yet to openly support Moscow in the war, urging Russia to end the conflict in a peaceful manner. However, China has also condemned the economic sanctions placed on Russia by Western allies, refusing to abide by the rules, and continuing to trade with its northern neighbour nonetheless.  READ MORE:Musk facing crisis as Tesla’s China reliance lets rivals race ahead Russia has said relations with China are a foreign policy priority. Foreign minister, Sergey Lavrov, said this month that there remained "truly inexhaustible potential" in bilateral ties. Putin, in a recent call with President Xi, said the relationship was at an "all-time high," and constantly improving. The two countries will look to further develop their defence ties, with the dynamic likely to change the makeup of regional security in Northeast Asia. China argues it has partnered with Russia in order to "protect the UN-centred international system." However, not everyone is convinced their goals will remain aligned in the future.  DON'T MISS:Japan on red alert as China and Russia's navy tests disputed island wa [REPORT]Entire Russian unit wiped out with multiple assets obliterated [REVEAL]Entire Russian unit wiped out with multiple assets obliterated [INSIGHT] Svetlana Krivokhizh, an associate professor with the Department of Asian and African Studies at HSE University in Moscow said: “Maintaining good bilateral relations is an obvious pragmatic choice for both China and Russia, as they share similar views on global governance and their economies are quite complementary. “However, whether the two countries will be able to manage the growing asymmetry in their relations in the coming years is a point of great uncertainty.” China has been touted as a potential diplomatic broker in the ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine.  Don't forget to scroll down and share your views in our comments section below Previous diplomatic attempts to resolve the conflict by French President Emmanuel Macron and German Chancellor Olaf Scholz have failed. China’s strong military and economic power, as well as relative neutrality in the war, has been suggested as a good starting block for Beijing to launch peace talks. However, others argue the conflict in Ukraine has a long-term duration, with Putin ordering his troops to march on in spite of the capture of the Luhansk region in the Donbas area of Eastern Ukraine.  Follow @JamesLee_DE on Twitter for more Defence and Security News