Lee Moran criticised the council ban as being detrimental to his health as temperatures soar. Mr Moran does bin rounds in York and works at the Hazel Court Household Waste Recycling Centre in the city. He said: "About five years ago I was on a bin collection round – I was very hot. "I had my trousers rolled up and was wearing a hi-vis vest. Someone from the council rang my manager and was told I couldn't do the job dressed like that. "Since then every summer it's been a constant battle with management to review their policies regarding wearing shorts in hot weather." Mr Moran said he was told the ban is due to health and safety, but alleged bosses have not taken workers' wellbeing into consideration during record high temperatures.  Ben Grabham, Head of Environmental Services at City of York Council, said: "We’re all experiencing hot weather at the moment so can sympathise with anyone working in the direct sun. "The health, safety and well-being of our staff is paramount. "The reason our waste collection crews wear trousers is to protect them against sharp objects that may be contained in recycling boxes or in bags. "We appreciate working outdoors at this moment is very warm and we're supporting our crews who are encouraged to take regular rest breaks and wear hats and sun cream that they are provided with."  READ MORE ABOUT A MADELEINE MCCANN SUSPECT BEING EXAMINED He added the council is reviewing all its operations in extreme weather with its health and safety team. Mr Grabham continued: "But we’re not sure a kilt will necessarily be the right option for our staff." With the mercury set to soar as high as 37C on Tuesday, people working outside look set to sizzle in the heat. There is no legally defined maximum or minimum temperature for outside or indoors working, but employers are legally obliged to carry out workplace risk assessments to make sure temperatures are at a comfortable level.  DON'T MISS: Britons disappointed as Rishi Sunak remains in leadership race [LATEST] Elizabeth line facing disaster as massive '£275M bailout likely neeed' [REVEALED] Police and fire service swarm riverside as body found in water [REPORT] According to Health and Safety Executive guidance, employers should ensure staff can access water and monitor employees' health in hot conditions. Mr Moran, who earned a medal for helping people hit by flood water in 2015, said: "It's a ridiculous situation. "We are wearing ballistic cargo trousers that are the same issued to us in the winter. "They are heavy, sweaty and in a lot of cases ill-fitting, causing chafing and rashes.  "I do understand that in certain circumstances shorts are not appropriate due to risk of glass, needles and other sharp objects."But we feel that the council are living in the past." The bold bin man came up with the novel protest after discovering there was "nothing" in City of York Council's on wearing a kilt. He even managed to fashion one from hi-vis material. Mr Moran told YorkMix: "This is only meant to be a small protest in relation to the shorts situation."  He went on to say he was not just doing it for waste operatives, but for other outdoor council workers such as gardeners and highways staff. On hearing the council is reviewing its policy, a triumphant Mr Moran said: "It’s gone pretty well." 