Chelsea need to sign a striker and another winger, according to former Aston Villa captain Gabriel Agbonlahor, who claims both Christian Pulisic and Hakim Ziyech will be sold. Chelsea completed the signing of Raheem Sterling from Manchester City on Wednesday but Agbonlahor believes Thomas Tuchel still needs to add more firepower to his squad. Sterling has joined the Blues for a fee of around £47.5million. He has become the first major signing of Todd Boehly's reign as owner. Chelsea allowed their club-record signing Romelu Lukaku to return to Inter Milan on loan earlier this summer following a disappointing campaign for the Belgian in west London. But they are yet to bring in a recognised striker replacement. Agbonlahor says that has to be a priority for Thomas Tuchel in the remainder of the window. But he reckons another winger should also be signed, as well as shifting Pulisic and Ziyech who he claims are "not good enough". Transfer news LIVE: Two Man Utd signings close, Ronaldo offer, Chelsea medical  Agbonlahor told talkSPORT: "They need to [sign a striker]. [Kai] Havertz, great player, Sterling coming in is going to guarantee you goals and assists. "But they need that striker, don't they. Look at Spurs, Manchester City, Liverpool, they've all got top strikers now. "Chelsea need to fill in that position. Even another winger, they were after Raphinha. "He left them on hold and then chose Barcelona. Ziyech, Pulisic, for me not good enough and they'll probably try and get rid of them. [Callum] Hudson-Odoi, in and out of the team. DON'T MISSArsenal facing heartbreak as target outlines why Newcastle have transfer edgeRonaldo 'receives £210m Saudi Arabia offer' with Man Utd ready for bidMan Utd's Martinez announcement plan surfaces after 'broad agreement' reached  "So they definitely need some more firepower, definitely. Because at the moment I'd say Spurs are probably better suited now to challenge the top two than Chelsea for me." Chelsea are set to sign Napoli defender Kalidou Koulibaly after agreeing a fee of just under £34m. Agbonlahor has questioned the price but says the Senegal star will be a top signing for the Blues. He added: "I think it's a good signing and I really like him. But I feel like £35 million for a 31-year-old, you know... but maybe that's today's market [and] you have to pay that sort of money. Great signing for Chelsea and £35 million must just be the going rate. "They needed to replace [Antonio] Rudiger. I just feel like Rudiger's strength, physicality, pace - they needed to definitely get [Koulibaly] in. Thiago Silva [is a] great defender, but to lose Rudiger, to lose [Andreas] Christensen, Chelsea needed more cover." 