With the 2030 ban on the sales of new diesel and petrol cars looming, motorists across the UK might think about opting for an electric car. However, according to new research, over 80 percent of drivers in Britain could struggle to switch to an EV. This is mainly because of five huge barriers discouraging drivers from making the switch, according to JustPark. The experts claimed that the charging network across the UK is what puts drivers off the most. JustPark’s survey revealed that 62 percent of respondents claimed the reliability of chargers and the frequency of local chargers is an issue. The top five barriers were: READ MORE: Driver slapped with £60 fine for parking in disabled bay Charging point infrastructure – 62 percent The price point of an EV – 42 percent Range anxiety – 23 percent Lack of second-hand options available on the market – 17 percent DON'T MISS Drivers urged to follow ‘life-saving’ air con tricks to save fuel [ADVICE] Drivers hit with 8.6 million parking tickets issued by private firms [SHOCKING] Drivers forced to steal from petrol stations as fuel thefts hit record [REVEAL] General lack of education/knowledge – 13 percent However, despite the issues, the interest in EVs is growing massively. JustPark has recently partnered up with Visa to increase EV uptake across the country. Their recent survey found that 81 percent of drivers did not know that an electric car is cheaper to run than a petrol or diesel alternative. READ MORE: Millions of Britons unable to drive for 15 minutes without checking... The study calculated cost reductions on things such as tax, congestion charges, and electric range. On top of that, nearly 50 percent of respondents added that they were interested or have already pursued alternative income streams due to the cost of living. With the charging infrastructure anxiety increasing, JustPark introduced JustCharge. JustPark is a community initiative that lets owners of private home chargers rent them out to other EV drivers via an app. Mike Strahlman, Director of EV at JustPark said: “We must collectively find solutions to help millions of British households support the UK’s transition to clean-air vehicles. “While EV demand is growing dramatically, public charging infrastructure is falling significantly behind. “JustCharge unlocks thousands of home chargers, infrastructure which already exists, and makes them available to the public. “These chargers are not used 90 per cent of the time and can help make EV adoption a possibility for more than 50 per cent of British households without access to off-street parking. “This partnership with JustCharge and Visa is a landmark moment in our efforts to redress the balance and make EV adoption an effortless, viable and cost-effective solution for millions more UK drivers.”