 Prince George celebrates his ninth birthday on Friday. The young royal is understood to be marking the occasion on vacation with his family, having been spotted boarding a helicopter near his home in Kensington Palace on Monday. It comes after a busy few months of royal events, which have seen George become a more prominent member of the Royal Family.  Last month, Queen Elizabeth II celebrated her Platinum Jubilee with a special four-day weekend. While the festivities mainly honoured the historic reign of the monarch, they also emphasised the future of the monarchy and gave a glimpse into what the next few decades hold for the British Royal Family. A final balcony appearance saw the Queen standing alongside her three heirs — Prince Charles, 73, Prince William, 39 and George — as well Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis. The youngest future king has been a more regular fixture on the royal scene in recent months, accompanying his parents on multiple royal outings. Most recently, he joined Kate and William as they attended the Wimbledon Men’s Singles Final, which saw Novak Djokovic retain his title and secure his seventh win at the renowned tournament. READ MORE: Handsome Prince George grins on beach in charming birthday pictures taken by Kate  George was spotted enjoying the intense game between Serbian Djokovic and Australian Nick Kyrgios. But his appearance did garner some controversy among royal watchers, with some claiming that the prince’s attire was not suitable for the weather at the time. The youngster donned a suit and tie to watch the Wimbledon match, and given the 30-degree weather, some were concerned about how uncomfortable the prince felt in the stands. But according to one expert, this is not the first time that George’s clothing has been “divisive”.  Writing for the New Zealand Herald, Daniela Elser referred to reports claiming that Kate and William argued over what their eldest son wore to the Euro 2020 Final. Ms Elser claimed that the prince’s “choice of outfit was a divisive one,” and wrote: “There the little chap stood in the Royal Box, dressed in a suit and tie, looking like a tiny accountant or mid-level management consultant, while around him 65,000 Brits let loose in an eye-popping display of nationalist fervour and warm lager. “Now, it has emerged that William and Kate disagreed over what the boy should be allowed to wear for the big game, with his father keen on him donning an England jersey and his mother pushing back, The [Daily] Telegraph reports.” At the time, Wimbledon champion Marion Bartoli told the paper: "Yesterday I had an afternoon tea with the Duchess and it was very much a discussion whether George will be allowed to wear the jersey tonight at Wembley or not." DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Harry sent 'dire' three-word warning [LIVE] Royal POLL: Should Meghan and Harry return as part-timers? [VOTE] Camilla is already doing 'good job' of emulating 'role model' Philip [ANALYSIS]  While William wanted his son to wear a more casual but sporty outfit, Kate was “not so keen”. Ms Elser wrote: “Given George arrived suited, again, it's obvious who won.” And it was reportedly his parents who made sure his outfit complied with Royal Box rules at Wimbledon earlier this month, which state men should wear a tie and a jacket. The prince’s suit at Wimbledon earlier this month garnered lots of attention from royal watchers.  Reports claimed that George was visibly hot, with some saying that the young royal even complained to his dad about the heat. However, the Cambridges do have good cause for insisting on formal attire. According to royal author Duncan Larcombe, Kate “was showing George that being ’on duty' requires a different approach." In January, he told OK! Magazine: “He has to learn to don the royal armour.”  Speaking about George’s Euro appearance, he said: “That doesn’t mean hiding his personality or feelings though — so George was encouraged to leap up and celebrate England scoring, to roar and wave and hug his mum and dad like any normal lad. And even to shed a tear when it all ended in heartbreak. He added: “George is only just beginning to understand his destiny, but Kate has got the journey planned.”