The singer, songwriter and guitarist from Liverpool, told his fans he would no longer go to Paris with his musicians for the tour date set for August 11 after experiencing the "horrific" events in the French capital at the Champions League final between Liverpool FC and Spanish club Real Madrid in May. Back in May, kick-off was delayed by 37 minutes due to issues surrounding entry to the stadium, while some fans with genuine tickets were refused entry on the night. Liverpool demanded a formal investigation into the events that unfolded after supporters were also tear-gassed by police. The initial bottleneck was caused by police vans that were parked across a wide walkway, leaving only a small gap for Liverpool supporters to gain access to the stadium. Some supporters, including children, had to be lifted to safety to prevent the risk of being crushed. French Government officials initially denied responsibility for the incident and blamed Liverpool fans for the chaos. Officials investigating the chaos later admitted there were "many regrets" over the ugly scenes that have left a mark on 2022 final. Posting on Twitter, the singer said: "EU Tour Update. Due to the horrific experience that me and so many others endured in Paris and the lies told in the aftermath by the French Government, I have decided to cancel the Paris gig of my upcoming European tour. "I don't want to take myself and my crew back to a place where our safety isn't guaranteed and to a place where the Government spread lies and blame about and upon my people. Sorry to anyone who was looking forward to coming to the show. "Hopefully see you somewhere else soon." Speaking in May after the match, Webster told his fans: "It was something that I’ve never experienced going the match as a kid, it’s something I’d never seen before and, because we were in a moment of madness, I don’t think you quite processed what you’d seen, we were just trying to get out of it." READ MORE: Putin humiliated as intercepted call shows Ukrainians air power In June, Paris police chief Didier Lallement addressed the French Senate to discuss the actions of his police force. And he admitted his officers were at fault. “It is obviously a failure,” Lallement said. “It was a failure because people were pushed around and attacked. It was a failure because the image of the country was undermined.” Lallement had previously claimed that 40,000 Liverpool fans had tried to enter the Champions League final with fake tickets. But he has now acknowledged there was no scientific evidence to back-up his comments. “The figure has no scientific virtue but it came from feedback from police and public transport officials,” Lallement added. DON'T MISS: Putin on brink of economic setback as propaganda stunt to backfire [iNSIGHT] Putin humiliated as Gorbachev blasts him [VIDEO] Ukraine LIVE: Putin reeling as Russian HQ wrecked in overnight raid [LIVE BLOG] "Maybe I was wrong, but it was constructed from all the information harvested. "Whether there are 30,000 or 40,000 people, it doesn't change anything. What matters is that there were people, in large numbers, likely to disrupt the proper organisation of the filtering. But that we count them precisely to within 5,000, it doesn't change much.” The French interior minister Gerald Darmanin also previously insisted that much of the blame lay with Liverpool fans as he remarked that 30,000 to 40,000 people arrived without genuine tickets which led to a crush in the crowd.