Supermodel Marie Helvin, 69, who has dated famous men including Marlon Brando, Warren Beaty and cricketer turned Pakistan prime minister Imran Khan, has reportedly opened up about her recent financial woes. The 1970s model also enjoyed a four-year relationship with the Duchess of Cornwall's conservationist brother, Mark Shand, who died after an accident in 2014 aged 62. In a new interview, the American-born model has revealed she has considered applying for a job in a supermarket as a cashier after the pandemic used up her savings. The former supermodel admitted she is unsure what she is going to do about her financial situation and has considered moving back to Hawaii where she grew up. Marie, who lives in London, spoke candidly about her money woes and added ageism is not a factor in the U.S. Pacific Ocean state. "I’m completely self-reliant, and I don’t know what I am going to do, because during the pandemic period, I’ve used up most of my savings now and I’m seriously thinking about going home," she explained. READ MORE: Mona Hammond dead: EastEnders and Desmond's star dies aged 91 Marie, who introduced Princess Diana to Dodi Fayed at an Aids Trust ball at Cliveden in 1989, admitted she would not consider working in a supermarket in London. "They have less stigma about age with getting jobs," the former model went on. "You can get a job at Whole Foods [supermarket chain] in your 80s in America." She added to the Third Act podcast: "Put it this way, I wouldn’t apply to work in Whole Foods here in England. But back home in Hawaii, if I needed to, I’d go there and work."  Marie was previously married to photographer David Bailey but the couple divorced in 1985. Following their split, the model walked away with a divorce settlement of £100,000. She then went on to date the Duchess of Cornwall's brother, Mark, as she opened up about the couple's romance. "Mark was the sweetest, kindest, most loving person," Marie said. "I was so stupid and foolish and I didn’t realise that at the time, as you rarely do." DON'T MISS... Bette Midler angers critics with claims women are being 'erased'[LATEST]Lorraine Kelly shares tips for 'dead easy' 1.5 stone weight loss[HEALTH]Britney Spears flaunts curves in sultry bikini video during honeymoon[PICTURES] The model remained unmarried since her divorce and said it would be nice to benefit from some financial support and "share expenses" as she gets older. Marie also opened up about maintaining her youthful appearance and said she has Botox twice a year. The fashion model had previously opened up about plastic surgery. "Plastic surgery is a personal choice. I’m not going to say I haven’t done anything, I’m not going to say I have," she told The Daily Mail. She continued: "I’m very honest but I find that when you start talking about things like that it defines you, it becomes everything that’s written. "My mum never had anything done but when she was diagnosed with a brain tumour at 85 she said to me, 'There’s only one thing I regret – that I didn’t do the face-lift.' "Even in hospital, she asked me to bring in her false eyelashes. I used to think, 'Oh, I can’t wait until I’m 70 because by then I won’t care,' but, of course, I will still care." In 2006, Marie appeared as a judge in Britain's Next Top Model and made appearances in British Vogue as well as the US W magazine.