Aries (Mar21/Apr20) A frank and open discussion about finances is necessary. Spending is starting to exceed your earnings, and unless you cut down on unnecessary expenditures, it's going to be challenging to make ends meet later in July. Taurus (Apr21/May21) Instead of dwelling on recent disappointments, remind yourself of all your achievements so far this year. Forget about upsets of the past and concentrate instead on making your future brighter. It would be a shame to mar a good relationship by bearing grudges. Gemini (May22/June21) Expect to find yourself extra busy as a new month begins. What will surprise you most is how much you are loving every minute of it. You could never really feel happy or fulfilled in simply lazing your days away. Cancer (June22/July23) Plans have been discussed, and now is the time to get started on projects that fill you with excitement. Anticipation boosts your energy and general zest for life. This mood will prove to be highly infectious. READ MORE: Kate should wear garnet over sapphire to match 'ambitious personality' Leo (July24/Aug23) An online conversation will alert you to some background goings-on that has been kept undercover. Think twice when asked to perform duties outside your job description. Who is this likely to benefit? If it isn't you, say no. Virgo (Aug24/Sept23) A colleague is making some bad decisions. A plum assignment will be offered, and the chance to make huge sums of money will muddle their thinking. The terms of a business arrangement will be confusing, and you sense there are strings attached.  Libra (Sept24/Oct23) The kind, caring and tolerant side of your nature will get you far and gain you a few extra friends too. However, should you notice someone is on the receiving end of another person's somewhat bigoted point of view, don't hesitate to step in and put a stop to such behaviour. Scorpio (Oct24/Nov22) A moneymaking venture will offer you a degree of financial security, and this will be good for your peace of mind. As well as seeing a boost in income, there will be a chance to gain or benefit through further education or training. Sagittarius (Nov23/Dec21) Keep quiet about money and business deals. Obviously, a partner will be in on your every move, but they won't want the world to know about it, and you will respect their desire to keep some plans a secret. Capricorn (Dec22/Jan20) Plans you had not expected to get going on yet will suddenly start moving forward at an amazing rate of knots. Things are going too fast for your liking. Life will be far from boring when there is so much to think about and so many things to do. Aquarius (Jan21/Feb19) Arguments in the home have caused tension. You will be doing your best to please someone to restore harmony. If you're hoping to sweet talk a loved one into agreeing with new ideas you have for the future, go all out with such efforts as the week begins. Pisces (Feb20/Mar20) A relative or neighbour's moodiness has been worrying you. Suddenly they will snap out of it, and it will be a relief to see them back to their usual self. It will be good to know you have no further cause for concern.