Prince George will turn nine on July 22, 2022. To mark the occasion, the Royal Family have released his annual birthday portrait. But what is the meaning behind the choice of colour? Prince George posed for the portrait taken by the Duchess of Cambridge wearing a light blue polo. The future King smiled at the camera on what seemed like a warm summer day. Although the location is unknown, Prince George seems to be at the beach in Norfolk, where the Cambridges have another residence and often spend their summer break. But why did the Royal Family choose a blue top for his birthday portrait? READ MORE: One Royal Family member is the 'sexiest' - but it's not Kate or Meghan The Royal Family are known to love blue and are often seen wearing the colour. Blue is specifically their choice for children's outfits and for public appearances. The colour has a special meaning for the British royals as historically, it has been associated with royalty, art, military and business, which may explain the Queen and other royals' frequent choice to wear it. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are thought to dress their children in blue as it symbolises their cohesion as a family in the public eye.  Behavioural colour psychologist and author of The Little Book of Colour, Karen Haller, explained: "Wearing the same hue when the Cambridges are showing they are coming together as a family represents themselves as a cohesive unit. "When it comes to colour psychology darker blues communicates you are in a position of authority, trustworthy, reliable and can be depended on. "You have a sense of duty and take that seriously with committed focus. "There is also an adverse side to blue. READ MORE: Meghan Markle's fashion hack to 'look expensive' - 'she is a fan' "That is you can come across as aloof and distant. "And they don’t want to inadvertently create the feeling that they are unapproachable." The Duchess of Cambridge is a keen photographer and took this year's adorable birthday portrait. Kate is also patron of the Royal Photographic Society. She often releases pictures on special family occasions such as birthdays. The Duchess explained her own children sometimes ask her to put her camera down. During her Hold Still photography contest, Kate said about Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis: "Everyone's like, 'Mummy, please stop taking photographs'."