Princess Anne joined her husband, Sir Timothy Laurence, and Sophie, Countess of Wessex today as they attended a Rugby Sevens game on the first day of the Commonwealth Games at Coventry Stadium. Anne was also seen speaking to athletes at the Games. Princess Anne, 71, always looks impeccable whenever she steps out in public, and today was no exception. The royal donned a gold striped blazer with a white top underneath. She combined this with a brown skirt that was slightly pleated and reached just above her knees. On her feet were white ballet shoes with a stylish, wooden block heel. READ MORE: 'The body does not lie': Inside Sophie Wessex & Edward's marriage  As for accessories, Anne didn’t forget to don her sunglasses, which she has worn on several occasions this year. Due to the unique and quirky look of the white sunglasses, they have proved to be controversial among royal fans. One Twitter user, @w_coast_bluesey, previously wrote: “Her glasses crack me up, respectfully.” Sarah Delore said: “Sunglasses on point, as per.” DON'T MISS: Keep bread fresh & mould-free for 3 wks with quirky food storage hack [EXPERT]Easy way to clean pillows without a washing machine [EXCLUSIVE]Meghan Markle’s aquamarine necklace has hidden meaning [COMMENT] This week, Sarah took to Twitter again, saying: “Princess Anne is living her life to the full in those sunglasses.” Judith Ince added: “Aaahh but Princess Anne has really cool sunglasses.” To complete her look, Anne carried a creamy white leather handbag, which rested on her shoulder. She also had a gold brooch pinned to her blazer’s lapel. The brooch was flower-shaped, and seemed to be a daffodil or a generic type of flora. Her earrings matched the brooch – they were gold and shaped like diamonds. Anne sat next to her husband, Timothy, to watch the rugby at Coventry, while her sister-in-law, Sophie Wessex, sat on his other side. Sophie looked stunning in a blue dress adorned with multi-coloured leaves. She too wore sunglasses, as did Timothy. Prince Edward, the Earl of Wessex, was also in the crowd. The Commonwealth Games begun last night with an impressive opening ceremony in Birmingham. Both Prince Charles and his wife, Camilla, were present, with the Duchess of Cornwall looking fabulous in a navy blue jumpsuit.