Rangers have agreed to sign Liverpool centre-back Ben Davies in a deal that will cost the Glasgow side £4million. The English defender arrives as a replacement for the outgoing Calvin Bassey who is set to join Ajax in a deal worth over £20m. Davies joined Liverpool from Preston in January 2021 with the club experiencing a severe injury crisis at centre-back. The three senior defenders at the club, Virgil Van Dijk, Joel Matip and Joe Gomez had all been ruled out for the season and Jurgen Klopp was left scrambling around for a replacement on deadline day. Ironically Davies had been tipped to join Rangers’ fierce rivals Celtic before Liverpool swooped for his signature. However, the 26-year-old never played for the Anfield side after Nat Phillips and Rhys Williams made the centre-back position their own towards the end of the 2020/21 season. The defender spent last season on loan in the Championship with Sheffield United with game time for Liverpool an impossibility once their big names recovered. The deal ended up costing Liverpool just £500,000 with performance-related add-ons of £1.1m naturally never being activated. The club will now make a profit of around £3.5m as a result of the Scottish side’s bid. JUST IN: Tottenham 'close to agreeing' Memphis Depay transfer with three stumbling blocks remaining Rangers were not the only side interested in his signature amid interest from the Championship. Middlesbrough and Blackburn were both keen on a permanent deal while Stoke and Burnley enquired about a season-long loan. However, it is now clear that the defender will make the move to Glasgow with the formalities of personal terms and a medical the only things left to complete. The news of Davies' arrival will help to somewhat ease the pain of Rangers’ supporters about the departure of their Bassey. The Leicester City youth product initially failed to impress at Ibrox - but gradually grew over the course of two seasons into one of the side’s top stars. READ MORE...Oleksandr Zinchenko to join Arsenal for same two reasons as JesusMan City respond to claims Barcelona have 'agreed £68m deal' for SilvaArsenal may be about to spend another £77m as Gunners 'optimistic' He made 50 appearances in all competitions and was the side’s best player during the Europa League defeat against Eintracht Frankfurt and Scottish Cup final success over Hearts three days later. He is the second of the Gers' top stars to depart this summer with midfielder Joe Aribo already leaving the Scottish Premiership to join Southampton in a £10m deal.