Shower doors can be tricky to clean, with soap scum and water marks building up at a rapid pace. According to cleaning experts from Bella Bathrooms, one of the "best ingredients" for combatting the most stubborn of build-ups is baking soda. Baking soda, also known as bicarbonate of soda, might typically be found in your kitchen cupboard. This leavening agent, most often used in baking, is also hailed for its multipurpose cleaning uses around the home. Baking soda works well to clean thanks to its high pH, making it alkaline, and therefore able to dissolve organic compounds like dirt and grease. The mineral structure of baking soda particles also works as a gentle abrasive, to clean without leaving scratches behind. READ MORE: Plants to ‘avoid’ growing beside each other - ‘very bad idea!’ An expert from Bella Bathrooms said: "Baking soda is easily one of the best ingredients you can use to clean any type of shower door. "By combining it with a liquid, such as vinegar or even just water, you can create a shower spray that will remove even the most stubborn soap scum." While baking soda works as an abrasive, the acidity of vinegar can break down the kind of film that frequently accumulates on glass surfaces. A baking soda and vinegar solution is best diluted with water to ensure the substance is not too harsh. DON'T MISSWhen to plant grass seed - benefits of seasonal sowing [EXPLAINER]‘Most effective’ lawn task to stimulate ‘stronger’ grass growth [INSIGHT]UK property market could see ‘biggest threat’ by winter [COMMENT] To make a simple water and baking soda solution, combine baking soda with water and add to a spray bottle. Ensure you mix the two substances thoroughly before use. Next, simply spritz the solution onto your glass shower door and leave it to sit for 15 to 20 minutes. Wipe down the shower door using a clean towel or a sponge to get rid of the mixture. Fill a clean spray bottle with white vinegar and use it to saturate the entire glass door. Let the vinegar sit for at least 10 minutes, but feel free to leave longer if there is a significant build-up of grime. Next, dip a sponge into baking soda and use it to gently scrub the glass. Once the glass looks clean to the eye, rinse the solution away using fresh water. Finally, use a microfibre cloth to wipe the glass door clean.