The Queen's granddaughter, Edoardo and their baby daughter Sienna are reportedly moving to a converted, six-bedroom farmhouse in the area of outstanding natural beauty in south west England. Property developer Edoardo's appreciation for historic properties may be behind the decision to relocate. The Chief Executive of Banda Property commented on the company's Instagram account on Wednesday, saying: "I love the heritage and history of old buildings and the fact that each and every one is different, there's a genuine authenticity in that." Beatrice and Edoardo have reportedly been living in a four-bedroom flat at St James's Palace in London. The couple are believed to have paid £3.5million for a Cotswolds property near Blenheim Palace which has been undergoing a refurb, including the transformation of an outbuilding into a guesthouse. Beatrice used to live at the St James's Palace property with sister Princess Eugenie.  The younger sibling moved into Ivy Cottage within the grounds of Kensington Palace before her marriage to Jack Brooksbank. Eugenie and Jack lived with her parents Sarah Ferguson and Prince Andrew at the Royal Lodge in Windsor during the first lockdown. They then moved into Frogmore Cottage in Windsor, which is the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's home in the UK. The couple have now reportedly settled on Nottingham Cottage in the grounds of Kensington Palace.  READ MORE ABOUT A SUSPECT BEING EXAMINED OVER MADELEINE MCCANN Jack and Eugenie also have a home at the CostaTerra Golf and Ocean Club in Portugal. There has also been speculation for some time that the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are moving to Windsor. Reports say they will use Kensington Palace as a base in London with the family setting up home in Berkshire. A royal insider told the Daily Mail the relocation is because William wants to be closer to the Queen as he continues to take on additional royal duties.  DON'T MISS: Elizabeth line facing disaster as massive '£275M bailout likely neeed' [REVEALED] Police and fire service swarm riverside as body found in water [REPORT] Royal Family LIVE: Prince Harry risks creating 'wild west' with claim [LATEST] The insider said: "It's one of the things that has hastened their move to Berkshire this summer. "Losing the Duke of Edinburgh has a left a big hole in all their lives. "He was a great counsel to William and he feels very protective of his grandmother." The insider added that as a central figure in the royal family, William is always checking in with her to make sure she understands why things are happening in a certain way.  This is reportedly not least because he and Kate "want to do something different to the traditional model". Reports suggest the Cambridges are keen on Adelaide Cottage on the Queen's 665 acre Windsor estate. A source told The Sun the family is "very keen for a modest home" and feel the four-bedroom cottage fits the bill.  They said the Duke and Duchess were adamant they did not want anything too showy or that needed renovating or extra security so as not to be a burden on the taxpayer. The property is named after William IV's wife Queen Adelaide for whom it was built as a retreat in 1831. William and Kate are also understood to be keeping Anmer Hall in Norfolk. 