Tom Jones took to Instagram in the early hours of this morning to address "rumours" that he'd collapsed ahead of a performance in Budapest. The Delilah hitmaker, 82, put any speculation of a collapse to rest and revealed that he was diagnosed with "viral laryngitis", which forced him to cancel the show. In view of his 451,000 followers, Tom clarified that a collapse didn't lead to the performance's cancellation. He wrote: "Hello to all concerned: I travelled last night from the UK to Budapest and woke this morning with an uncomfortable throat. "A specialist came to visit and diagnosed 'viral laryngitis'. "He strongly advised postponing this evening's show and prescribed medication and vocal rest," he added. READ MORE: Jeremy Vine's Storm Huntley welcomes baby boy and fans ‘love his name'  The star continued: "I did NOT 'collapse' anywhere at any time, that is pure rumour. "Hopefully the inflammation will calm soon as I am looking forward to continuing my wonderful summer tour." "Unfortunately the show had to be cancelled at the last minute, and for that I am very sorry, "However, the show in Budapest has been rescheduled and will take place on August 16. Thanks again for all your kind concern. TJ," he signed off.  Following the star's post, his fans were quick to rush to the comments to wish the legend will. Superstar Jennifer Hudson wrote: "Get well tom!!!" Instagram user Evakis2020 penned: "Get well soon sír TJ," alongside three red hearts. Raheela134 commented: "Wishing you well Sir Tom." DON'T MISS... Eamonn Holmes feared he wouldn’t return to TV over chronic pain [UPDATE]Drew Barrymore, 47, puts on dazzling display at Dolce & Gabbana event [INSIGHT]Carol Vorderman, 61, wows in figure-hugging leopard print leggings [ANALYSIS] It comes after reports the star had collapsed while on his Surrounded By Time tour yesterday, needing urgent medical attention. The Sex Bomb cooner reportedly had the medical emergency at the Hungarian capital's MVM Done as he continues his European tour. A source told the Daily Mail: “Tom Jones collapsed, so his concert was cancelled tonight and doctors were called to the stadium. “His management has set August 16th as the new date for the concert.” Express.co.uk contacted a representative for Tom for comment. Local news reports said an ambulance was called for The Voice coach Tom. Index, a Hungarian news publication, was reportedly told by a spokesperson for the Surrounded By Time tour that Tom had been taken ill. The tour has been taking the iconic singer around the continent, beginning in the UK with shows in Glasgow, Manchester, London and Birmingham. His upcoming dates include performances in Germany, Croatia, Italy, Norway and Belgium.