Rafael Nadal admitted that he didn't know whether he'd be able to finish his match against Taylor Fritz after battling through an abdominal injury to defeat the American 3-6 7-5 3-6 7-5 7-6(4) in their Wimbledon quarter-final. Nadal was noticeably struggling early on in his quarter-final against Fritz, dropping the first set and looking like he could barely move early in the second. The Spaniard was hitting serves below 100mph an hour as he struggled with an abdominal injury and received an off-court medical time out as his father appeared to tell him to retire. But the second seed managed to fight back to take the second set 7-5 before dropping the third, when he appeared to suffer a drop-off again. Despite appearing physically hampered, he continued to fight until the end for a five-set, four-hour-and-20-minute victory. But after winning the match, the Spaniard confessed he thought he would have to pull out injured mid-match. "The body generally feels fine. In the abdominal something is not going well," he confessed in his on-court interview. "I had to find a way to serve a little bit different. For a lot of moments I was thinking I'd not be able to finish the match." JUST IN: Kyrgios heaps praise on 'important' Emma Raducanu after Brit's message  The world No 4 - who remains undefeated at Grand Slam level this year - will now face Nick Kyrgios for a spot in the final. It will be their third match at Wimbledon and 10th overall, but before he could comment on his next opponent Nadal confessed he woud have to be "ready" to play. "Well first thing, I hope to be ready to play," he said when asked about his next match, hinting that there was a chance he would not recover in time to take to the court. "That’s the first thing." DON'T MISSRaducanu appears to show Kyrgios support as Aussie reaches semi-finalsKyrgios admits to wrongdoings after reaching first Wimbledon semiHenman compares Kyrgios to Murray as Aussie reaches Wimbledon semi  The two-time former champion at the All England Club also thanked the crowd for helping him push through the five-set, four-hour battle as he said it wasn't easy to get through. "I honestly enjoy a lot playing this kind of matches in front of all of you guys. I can’t thank you enough for all the support," he told the Centre Court crowd. "Obviously it have been a tough afternoon against a tough player. All the credit to Taylor, he's been playing great the whole season. For my personal side was not an easy match at all so just very happy to be in the semi-final, that's all." 