Kate Middleton, 40, is in the same boat as every Briton in the country right now with the current heatwave. But what does she eat to cool down? According to exercise and nutrition experts at Barbend, the Duchess of Cambridge loves a certain salad.  They previously told Express.co.uk: “Kate favours organic foods for lunch and incorporates as many raw ingredients as possible. “Watermelon salads are a staple of Kate’s lunches, and include juicy pink watermelon mixed with avocado, onion, cucumber, and feta cheese – the perfect mix of sweet and savoury." One professional chef on Instagram, @alexskitchenstory posted her recipe for Kate Middleton’s Watermelon Salad on her social media pages. The recipe has garnered 542.3k views on TikTok and 30.9k views on Instagram so far. The chef captioned her post by saying: “It’s so fresh, so delicious and perfect for this heatwave. “We loved it so much we ate the entire platter, despite it being for four people." One baby/ small watermelonOne block fetaHalf cucumberOne avocadoTwo tbsp apple cider vinegarTwo tbsp olive oilOne limeLarge handful mintSalt and Pepper  @alexskitchenstory says: “Slice watermelon in half, remove skin then slice into bite-size pieces. “Add to a bowl. “Chop cucumber into quarters and add to the bowl. “Chop avocado into bite-size pieces and add to the bowl. “Chop feta into cubes and you know what to do, add it to the bowl. “Roughly chop the mint and add this in too. READ MORE: Kate opens up on Prince Louis' new passion “Pour the vinegar and olive oil and squeeze lime juice. “Season well and gently mix with a large spoon. “Serves four as a side salad.” Fans of the royal recipe took to social media to praise the dish. Instagram user @susanq1960 said: “Perfect heatwave salad.” Similarly, @corlenegreenwood added: “Omg yum.” TikTok user @Monotropa wrote: “The plate is so epic.”  The spokesperson for Barbend commented on the Duchess’ diet, saying: “Kate Middleton is renowned the world over for her glossy hair, healthy complexion and most importantly her fitness and active lifestyle – but she has clearly had to work for these attributes like anyone else. “No matter how wealthy you are, health and fitness are not handed to you on a silver platter, and it takes work and dedication to maintain your health. “As the Duchess of Cambridge is a working royal as well as a mother to three, her schedule will be relatably jam-packed, particularly as (like her late mother-in-law Princess Diana) she wasn’t raised in a royal household and is hands-on with cooking for her family and spending time with her children. “Kate’s affinity for oatmeal and berries for breakfast is an excellent choice for an active lifestyle, as the meal will give her bursts of energy throughout the day to meet all her commitments, including her regular exercise routines, rather than reaching for something sugary which can lead to an energy crash. “No matter what she is eating – sushi, salads or indulging in pizza with her children – Kate’s affinity for organic foods, which she consumed during her childhood, will give her an optimum level of nutrition, not only maintaining her beauty but promoting longevity.” 