There are three very different fight cards coming up this weekend for boxing fans including two professional events and a Tik Tok boxing show. In Los Angeles, Ryan Garcia faces off with Javier Fortuna as talk of a future showdown with Gervonta Davis looms. The pair were supposed to square off in July 2021, but Garcia pulled out of the contest due to poor mental health. Fortuna stayed on the show and lost a nip and tuck affair to Jo Jo Diaz by unanimous decision but bounced back with a first-round knockout victory over Rafael Hernandez in his last fight. Meanwhile, Garcia made his return to the paid ranks with a frustrating unanimous decision victory over Emmanuel Tagoe who spoilt the young star’s work by repeatedly holding. Over in London fast-rising middleweight prospect, Hamzah Sheeraz takes on Argentina’s Francisco Emanuel Torres as he targets a world title shot in 2023. While Tik Tokers Ed Matthews and Simple Simon make their boxing debuts. Crypto.com Arena, Los Angeles, United States Ryan Garcia vs Javier Fortuna Lamont Roach Jr vs Angel Rodriguez Ricardo Sandoval vs David Jimenez Oscar Collazo vs Victorio Saludar Alexis Rocha vs Luis Alberto Veron Lawrence King vs Edgar Valenzuela Miguel Gaona vs Abdiel Padilla  O2 Indigo, London, United Kingdom Simple Simon vs Ed Matthews Elle Brooke vs AJ Bunker Chef Dave vs Aaron Hunt Ginty vs Kayrhys Paddy Murphy vs Dave The Other Guy Pully Arif vs Tommy Mulligan Tempo Arts vs Smithey Luke Bennett vs Dean LM  Copper Box Arena, London, United Kingdom Hamzah Sheeraz vs Francisco Emmanuel Torres Lennox Clarke vs Mark Heffron Nick Ball vs Nathanael Kakololo Dennis McCann vs James Beech Jr Ryan Garner vs Christian Lopez Flores Pierce O'Leary vs Robin Zamora Masood Abdulah vs Tinko Banabakov Umar Khan vs Engel Gomez Sonny Liston Ali vs Chris Adaway MORE BOXING NEWS... Thor to announce new fight next week after Fury clashes Fury has Joshua request laughed off by Frank Warren's son Paul blasted for 'trying to cheat' after inserting clause to contract Live streams and fight times Ryan Garcia vs Javier Fortuna will take place early Sunday morning for UK fans and will be held at the Crypto.com Arena in Los Angeles. The main card starts from 1am with the main event ring walks expected to start at 4am on Sunday morning. All of the action will be shown live on DAZN, which can be broadcasted on all good internet-connected devices and smart TVs. The streaming service can be subscribed to for £7.99 a month. Ed Matthews vs Simple Simon takes place this Saturday at The O2 Indigo in London with all the action set to kick off at 6pm. Matthews and Simon are expected to make their way to the ring between 9 and 10pm. The event can be bought for £6.99 via Kingpyn's website (kingpynboxing.com). Hamzah Sheeraz v Francisco Emanuel Torres goes down this Saturday at the Copper Box Arena in London. Action will get underway from 7pm with the main event expected to begin at around 10pm. The fights will be shown on BT Sport 1 from 7pm and can be streamed through devices via the BT Sport app.  