The beautiful Royal Lodge is a Grade II listed property in Windsor, Berkshire. This means the building is of special interest. The property is located just over three miles away from Windsor Castle, which is an official residence of the Queen. Royal Lodge was the Windsor residence of Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother for five decades, between 1952 until her death in 2002. The large home reportedly boasts 30 rooms. It is set on 40 hectares within Windsor Great Park. READ MORE: Inside Queen Letizia's majestic 11-bedroom palace There are some incredibly sweet snaps of Prince Charles - who was very close to his grandmother - and Princess Anne, enjoying the grounds of their grandmother's home when they were children. In a tribute to his late grandmother, the future King called his grandmother "gloriously unstoppable" and "the most magical grandmother you could possibly have". It is safe to assume that the Prince had many a happy memory at Royal Lodge. There are some sweet snaps of Charles, Anne and their grandmother playing in the grounds. One photo shows a young Anne pushing a wheelbarrow. In his heartfelt broadcast he said: "Her houses were always filled with an atmosphere of fun, laughter and affection." Her London residence was Clarence House, where Charles and wife Camilla now reside. Princess Beatrice got married in the gorgeous Royal Chapel of All Saints at Royal Lodge on July 17, 2020. READ MORE: Bagshot Park: Inside the £30million royal residence of Sophie Wessex The chapel is an absolutely beautiful stone structure with a thatched roof. Photographs were taken of the happy couple, Beatrice and Edo, leaving the chapel. The door was decorated with a vast array of flowers in pink and white which was perfect for the summer wedding. Sarah Ferguson gave a sneak peek into the Royal Lodge when she tweeted a photo of herself on October 15, 2018. She stood in the green dress she wore to Eugenie's wedding reception - at Royal Lodge - against a pale green wall that boasted gold photo frames. Behind her was a dressing table, on which sat some more photographs in some colourful frames. Royal Lodge has been the residence of Prince Andrew and his family since 2004. The property is reportedly worth around £30million.