Meghan Markle, 40, does not take part in the very British tradition of enjoying a cup of tea. A cup of tea is often seen as being quintessentially British. However, despite being part of the Royal Family, the Duchess of Sussex reportedly does not partake in the tradition.  Meghan is said to prefer herbal infusions over English breakfast tea. She was heard opting for mint tea instead of coffee during a visit to Birkenhead in January 2019. In addition, the Duchess said she and British Vogue Editor-in-chief Edward Enninful bonded over a steaming cup of mint tea in the September 2019 issue. Meghan lives a very healthy lifestyle, so it makes sense that she opts for mint tea over English breakfast.  Spearmint tea is said to boost sleep quality and in turn, help memory function and low mood. It is also said to help manage PMS, according to the Tea Advisory Panel. "Spearmint has traditionally been used in herbal medicine for a plethora of digestive disorders including indigestion, IBS and diarrhoea," herbal researcher Dr Pam Mason said. "[It has] anti-inflammatory and blood vessel dilating properties.  “Our findings even showed that osteoarthritis sufferers who took it regularly found that their stiffness and mobility improved.” Benefits of drinking mint tea could include improved muscle and joint pain, reduced nausea and headache and regulated hormone levels. Prince Harry's wife is a paragon of good health, prioritising wellness with activities including yoga, Pilates and hiking. She also reportedly tends to her body with a range of health-supporting supplements.  READ MORE: Self-serving Hollywood elite! Meghan fails over 'selfless service' The Queen is known to love a cup of tea, and reportedly drinks it every day at 5pm. Royal chef Darren McGrady who worked for the Queen in the 1980s and 90s previously said: “The Queen had afternoon tea every day, wherever she was in the world. “If we were at Buckingham Palace and she was on her own for tea, or whether she had Prince William come and join her, or whether she had a garden party for 6000 people or even if she was on the Royal Britannia in Australia. “The Queen loved afternoon tea; I would say it’s probably one of her favourite meals.  “Certainly when I was there she would sit down religiously for tea.” The chef added: “Hot tea has to be hot. “Tea has to be absolute boiling water poured over the top of it, it has to steep for five minutes, that is the most important part. “It’s really, really important when making tea is that it’s made in a teapot - that is a real cup of tea.” 