Zara Tindall, 41, has been photographed beside Kate Middleton, 40, a number of times. The two got married to their partners in the same year, 2011, and are known to have a close and friendly relationship. Just recently during the Platinum Jubilee, Zara was photographed beside Meghan Markle after the service of thanksgiving at St Paul’s Cathedral.  According to body language expert Judi James, Zara was “reigning herself in” with the Duchess of Sussex. Judi said: “Zara has naturally demonstrative, tactile and spontaneous body language but it is clear from the most recent shots of her standing with Harry and Meghan that she is reigning herself in. “She looks polite and she looks friendly but the way she has clasped her hands in front of her torso, clutching her bag, suggests a lack of desire to touch or engage any more intimately, despite the wide grin that Harry is trying to perform.” How did this compare to Mike Tindall’s body language?  READ MORE: 'The body does not lie': Inside Sophie Wessex & Edward's marriage Judi added: “With her husband standing behind her, apparently avoiding any contact with the couple, Zara’s body language does look polite and reasonably supportive, given the nature of the event. “It’s likely that she and Meghan might have been close had the rifts not prompted people to take sides. “But despite the smiles here the body language is suggesting no real attempt to signal anything warmer.” How did Meghan reciprocate?  Judi claimed: “This might not be solely Zara’s decision. As they chat, Meghan remains clinging to Harry’s hand, with her torso part-hidden behind his arm. “Hand-holding when you greet and chat to other people can cause problems when it comes to easy-going communication as it makes the balance two-to-one rather than one-to-one, with an air of exclusivity about the couple doing this tie-sign. “Meghan gives the impression she is speaking but also part-hiding here with these gestures. “Proper conversations need both hands and a sense of full non-verbal attention, which is why most couples drop the touching, hugging, hand-holding and romantic glances when they are wanting to socialize with other people.” READ MORE: Pippa Middleton buys new £15m property in Berkshire for growing family How does Zara’s body language compare with the Duchess of Cambridge? Judi continued: “Zara’s body language with Kate shows high levels of playful friendship. “Although it has to be said the two women have known each other a long time, whereas Zara’s relationship with Meghan was clearly truncated. “They seem to seek each other out for some fun exchanges.  “When they chat they use prolonged bouts of eye contact with no sign of feeling inhibited about doing so. “Kate’s ‘overkill’ reactions with her mouth often fully open to laugh or look shocked, show she is keen to fuel and encourage the fun. “At a formal event, we can see Kate delighted to turn back over her shoulder when she spots Zara behind her. “At a more casual event, the women mime a full hug by both placing one arm around the other despite the fact Zara is carrying her small daughter with the other.” 