The MP said it is “not true” that there was a lack of French border control at Dover yesterday as he pinned the blame on Brexit despite having six years to prepare for it. Republican MP Pierre-Henri Dumont told Sky News in the last hour that “almost 100 per cent” of the kiosks at the Port of Dover allocated to the French police were filled yesterday. It was reported that the length delays yesterday were due to a lack of French border control officials. But Durmont denies this, claiming “that is not true”. He added: “Almost 100 per cent of the kiosks given to the French police to run the checks at the Port of Dover are filled with French police officers. “We cannot do more, we cannot go faster than that. “The fact is the port is a very small one, it is three to four times smaller than the port in Calais and I saw that two years ago the British government decided not to give money to the Port of Dover to improve the number of kiosks for the French police. “We are doing whatever we can, we cannot do more because of structural facts.” Durmont blamed the problems “squarely on Brexit”. He added: “Because of Brexit, we need to have more checks on passports, we need to stamp every passport, we need checks on who is coming into the European Union – something we didn’t have to do before Brexit. “The Port of Dover is too small to have all this traffic. That’s how it will go for years if there is no transformation into the Port of Dover.” READ MORE: Pensioner, 70, looking to return to work to pay soaring bills He told BBC News it was "an aftermath of Brexit" with more checks needed and claiming the Dover port is "too small" with too few kiosks due to lack of space. It comes as Rejoiners have been mocked for claiming the chaos at the Port of Dover was the result of Brexit checks - when holidaymakers to the continent always had to show their passport. Britons hoping to make the most of the warm weather in France have been “let down” by French border officers who “didn’t turn up for work”. But that hasn’t stopped Remainers claiming that before the UK left, there were “no borders” and therefore “none of these problems”. DON'T MISS:Chechen rebels prepare to topple key Putin ally as civil war looms [INSIGHT]Tragedy as 14-month-old baby dies after being left in hot car [COMMENT]Putin BREAKS grain export deal after just HOURS  [PICTURES] The Port of Dover declared a “critical incident” after queues at the border grew to six hours long, and warned tourists to stay away while they try to bring the delays down. Doug Bannister, the Kent port’s chief executive, apologised to affected travellers in an interview with the BBC. He said: “To be let down in the way that we have, with inadequate resources and slow processes through the [French] border, is just immensely frustrating.” In a statement, the port attacked the French authorities for “woefully inadequate” resourcing. Local MP Natalie Elphicke claimed that despite weeks of planning between British and French counterparts, “French border officers didn't turn up for work at the passport controls as needed. This has caused massive delays.” The UK was never part of the Schengen area – the internal zone of the bloc that allows for completely free movement of people. As such, passport checks were always necessary.