The incident occurred at around 7am this morning. Traffic is being temporarily held as police, ambulance crews and traffic officers attend the scene. The westbound (London-bound) carriageway is shut between junction 6, for Faversham, and junction 5, for Sheerness after the crash. National Highways has warned drivers to plan ahead and expect delays. The incident is expected to worsen existing conditions at the Port of Dover, at which hours-long queues continue to frustrate travellers. National Highways warned the M2 will be closed Londonbound for "several hours" between junction 6 and junction 5 following a "very serious collision which requires police investigation work". A spokesman said: "The M2 in Kent is closed westbound/Londonbound between J6 Perry Court Interchange (Faversham, Ashford A251) and J5 Stockbury Interchange (Maidstone, Sheerness A249; The WEST (M20, M25) due to a serious collision. "Kent Police, South East Ambulance Service and National Highways Traffic Officers are on scene. "The road is expected to remain closed for a protracted period due to the severity of the collision. A collision investigation is required. "Road users caught within the closure will be released as soon as possible." According to motorway cameras, the accident is expeted to cause delays for a while. Normal conditions are expected to return between 11am and 11.15am today (July 23). Yesterday Foreign Secretary Liz Truss slammed French authorities for failing to prepare for the rush of British tourists. Ms Truss blasted the "critical incident" at the port of Dover as "entirely avoidable and unacceptable" after meeting with her French counterpart. The port’s chief executive Doug Bannister blamed “woefully inadequate” staffing at French border control for the long queues. He added that the port had been "badly let down" by France. French authorities said an "unforeseeable technical incident" in the Channel Tunnel meant French border police were delayed into Dover. In a statement after speaking with the French foreign minister, Ms Truss said: "This awful situation should have been entirely avoidable and is unacceptable.  “We need action from France to build up capacity at the border to limit any further disruption for British tourists and to ensure this appalling situation is avoided in future. "We will be working with the French authorities to find a solution.” 