It was a doubtful claim even then but events of recent decades have exposed its complete emptiness. It was a doubtful claim even then but events of recent decades have exposed its complete emptiness. In fact, just the opposite is true. The Conservative Party is addicted to fratricide. Plotting and backstabbing are the favourite activities of its MPs. Confidence votes and leadership ballots are now well-worn parts of its machinery. With the downfall of Boris Johnson this week, the Tories are about to elect their fourth prime minister in the past six years, an extraordinary record of instability from an organisation that prides itself on its sound governance. In contrast, the Labour Party is profoundly loyal, even indulgent towards its leaders. In its long history stretching back to 1900, just one of its chiefs has been ousted against his will, and that was Tony Blair, its greatest election winner. Tellingly, no modern Tory, not even Margaret Thatcher, comes close to the 20-year tenure of Clement Attlee from 1935, although he lost three General Elections during that time. Even Jeremy Corbyn survived longer than Theresa May, Michael Howard, Iain Duncan Smith and Mr Johnson. Unembarrassed by the recent past, the Tories have just embarked on a further bout of internal turmoil, just when the country is crying out for leadership against the backdrop of galloping inflation, war in eastern Europe and battered public finances.   Even as crucial decisions are needed on the economy, defence and foreign policy, the Government will be effectively rudderless until the new leader is chosen. This could be as late as September, given the Tories’ elongated procedures. First, there are multiple ballots of MPs to produce a shortlist of two candidates, then hustings in front of local associations before the final vote by party members. Indeed, some senior Conservatives are so concerned about the length of the process that they have suggested the removal of the party membership ballot, confining the ­decision just to MPs so the result could be reached within a fortnight. But such a move would be neither democratic nor any guarantee that the correct choice would be made. The real problem for the Tories is not the logistical arrangements but the sheer openness of the field. There has never been a contest like this one, devoid of either an obvious front-­runner or a dark horse. The lack of a few clear favourites is now tempting so many potential candidates that the whole competition is at risk of descending into a farce. Only yesterday the obscure MP for Basildon John Baron declared on the BBC that he was “considering” a call from his team and constituents to enter the race.  In 1976, when Harold Wilson announced his retirement, the names in the battle to succeed him included Roy Jenkins, Jim Callaghan, Denis Healey, Tony Benn and Tony Crosland, all major figures on the political stage. There is no one of that stature in this summer’s contest, but a heavyweight is exactly what is required in these anxious times. Downing Street needs someone who can bring back the smack of firm government, who has the guts to take tough decisions, who prefers to meet Britain’s real needs rather than bask in easy applause and who can deliver on policy instead of just grabbing the headlines. Natural authority is more important than charisma, just as the ability to inspire trust is more vital than superficial eloquence. As the constitutional historian Peter Hennessy has said: “You cannot busk being prime minister.” In the search for this heavyweight, certain factors should not be allowed to dominate. One is the introduction of dogmatic purity tests, like ruling out any candidates who are insufficiently vociferous about tax cuts or who voted the wrong way in the EUreferendum six years ago. The Tories are meant to be a pragmatic party, not an ideological one. A doctrinaire unionist approach, for instance, is no use on the Northern Ireland protocol, where a practical solution is needed that respects the peace process and the rights of the majority in the province.  Nor should there be an over-emphasis on gritty backstories – despite the fashionable woke obsession with “privilege”, a disadvantaged upbringing is no indicator of any talent for the top job. After all, our greatest prime minister Winston Churchill was born in Blenheim Palace, while one of the worst, Sir Edward Heath, was the son of a Broadstairs carpenter. When Douglas Hurd was attacked during the 1990 contest over his affluent background, he rightly said: “I thought I was running for the leadership of the Conservative Party, not some demented Marxist outfit.” Nor should Ministerial experience be automatically respected for its own sake. It depends on what the candidate did in the job, not how long the post was held. Mr Cameron was a fine prime minister, superbly holding together the Coalition from 2010 despite never having been in senior office before, whereas Mrs May was a disaster, although she held the record as the longest-serving Home Secretary in modern history. Over the next few weeks, a host of politicians will tell us they can give the Tories “a fresh start” thanks to their “bold plan” which will “unite the country.” But such superficial rhetoric is not enough. Whoever is successful will need to provide convincing answers on the immediate, crucial tasks facing the Government, namely: how they will curb inflation, control public spending, strengthen the integrity of Great Britain, reform the public services, rebuild faith in the criminal justice system and tackle illegal immigration.  There need not be anything revolutionary or visionary about the solutions to these problems. On the contrary, they require a hard-headed focus on delivery and efficient management, which is where the Tories are traditionally supposed to excel compared to spendthrift, socialist theorists. In the wake of the Tory turmoil over Mr Johnson’s departure, Labour are riding high in the polls, with a 14-point lead in one survey yesterday. But given the party’s fundamental weakness and leader Sir Keir Starmer’ inability to connect with the public, that lead could soon evaporate, provided the Tories elect a new prime minister who is really up to the job.