Despite his previous reservations, when it comes to liquid diets Dr Michael Mosley is a fan of some replacements. But he made it clear people should not have them for "every meal". "They should be used as a reboot rather than a way of life," he said. An Oxford University study found that an 800 calorie soup and shake plan resulted in greater weight loss in obese patients than a "slow and steady" approach. While it's a controversial weight loss technique, Dr Mosley claimed that he was able to reverse his type 2 diabetes 10 years ago by going on a liquid diet. His transformation saw him lose 10kg and has been able to keep it off over the years. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake Speaking on This Morning, he said: "I am a fan of meal replacement shakes but probably not for every meal. "If you're going on simply a meal replacement diet you really ought to speak to your doctor, particularly if you're on any form of medication." He went on to explain why he believes they can aid weight loss, adding: "They can be really helpful. "But what you're looking for is long-term, sustainable weight loss. And that can be achieved, it really can be. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] "I lost 10 kilos 10 years ago to reverse my diabetes. "I'm the same weight now." And he noted how "convenient" they can be for people on-the-go. In his Fast 800 plan, Dr Mosley has included recipes for 200 calorie homemade smoothies to replace occasional meals. READ MORE: Michael Mosley weight loss: Remove three foods to stay slim He told You magazine: "They can have a place when you’re on a diet. "They’re convenient, easy and can help your way into the Fast 800." They also provide "a decent amount of vitamins and other essential nutrients". But he emphasised that the meal replacement shakes need to be “fairly low in carbs, contain plenty of protein, enough fat and decent amounts of fibre to keep you feeling full and encourage fat burning," if they've got any place in a weight loss programme. He also said: "Shakes could result in a reduction in cravings". The shake recipes on his Fast 800 diet also include healthy fats to promote satiety and absorption of the vital vitamins.