Last year, Prince George made an appearance at the Euros with his parents, Prince William and Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge. Whilst at the event, the young royal delighted royal fans as the future king was spotted singing along to the National Anthem as they attended England's football game against Germany. Speaking on a recent video on his YouTube channel, royal expert Neil Sean claimed that it was his great-grandmother, Queen Elizabeth II, who taught him how the National Anthem, "just like her father did for her and her younger sister Margaret Rose". Speaking of the young royal's apparence at the Euros, Mr Sean said: "Did you notice the way he sang the National Anthem, word perfect, without looking to his mother or his father. "Just simply getting through it". He added: "According to a very good source, the person who taught him [the anthem] was none other than our gracious Majesty, The Queen." He noted that she taught the eight-year-old "during their Sunday visits out at Windsor Castle". READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: 'Significant tensions' between Harry and Firm laid bare - new bombshell He continued: "She trained, like she did William, she trains them to make sure that they understand the merits of this particular anthem. "Also to make sure the beat and the time." He also made reference to how her own father, King George VI, would teach her and her younger sister. Speaking of the Euros, he added: "When you think about it he would have known that cameras would have been scrutinising, looking in at every single word, but nothing, he marched on." READ MORE: Harry wants Archie and Lilibet to 'know his home' as Duke prepares for security showdown Mr Sean stated that this shows a more "humanised" and "affectionate" side to the 96-year-old. The royal expert also said that this would be a "wonderful memory" for the heir to the throne. Prince George and his two younger siblings, Princess Charlotte, 7 and four-year-old Prince Louis, were in attendance during various events at the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations. The adorable trio made their royal carriage debut during the Trooping The Colour last month. DON'T MISS George, Charlotte and Louis stun Londoner with impeccable manners [INSIGHT] Prince George found out he would be king after William's plot [REVEAL] Princess Charlotte sends fans into meltdown in unseen Jubilee clip [REPORT] The young royals nestled together in a carriage along with their mother, the Duchess of Cambridge and their step-grandmother, the Duchess of Cornwall. The trio smiled and waved to passers-by as the carriage made its way along The Mall. They all bowed their heads when the national anthem was played on their arrival into Horse Guards Parade. READ NEXT: