Harriet (played by Katherine Dow Blyton) has felt like a lost part on Emmerdale since Dawn Taylor (Olivia Bromley) and her husband, Billy Fletcher (Jay Kontzle) moved out of her home. In recent episodes on the ITV soap, she has been seen supporting Dan Spencer (Liam Fox) after he discovered Amelia Spencer (Daisy Campbell) had been seeing a boy he know-nothing about and had been taking weight-gaining supplements. However, with such turmoil in their life, the vicar extended the hand of friendship by helping them in their hour of need but her life could completely change in the next few months. The drama began in Monday's episode as Dan told Kim Tate (Claire King) that it was illegal for her and Gabby Thomas (Rosie Bentham) to chuck the family out of their home. Kim had no idea about this and soon spoke to Gabby, who confirmed that after Amelia dropped her son and lied about it, she wanted to make the family pay. Needing to ensure everything was by the book, Kim agreed but said she would give them two months to vacate but her mind was soon changed. This was because she caught Amelia breaking into Home Farm to steal Gabby's visiting order to see Noah Dingle (Jack Downham) in prison. After exposing the truth to Dan, Kim told him he had until the end of the day to move out and Harriet told him to move in with her. READ MORE: ‘Floundering’ Harry’s US ambitions savaged by Sharon Osbourne  Dan was appreciative of the gesture but little did he know his niece was actually pregnant and she didn't know how to tell him. She tried several times throughout the episode to tell him but she couldn't herself to do it, especially as he kept saying he had loads on his plate. By the end of the latest instalment of the weeknight serial drama, she broke down in tears as she realised she was in quite the predicament. Phoning an unknown character, the youngster said through her tears: "Please can I book an appointment? I need to have an abortion." It seems she is going to try and have an abortion without telling her loved ones but she might be dealt with another challenge. After being assessed for the abortion, it could be revealed she is already halfway through the pregnancy and can no longer abort the baby. Her only option by this point would be to have the baby and if she still didn't want it, she could put it up for adoption. Knowing she wouldn't be able to hide her secret anymore, Amelia could explain the truth to both Dan and Harriet. The pair would be really shocked to hear Amelia's admission but they would tell her they would support her in bringing the baby up. However, when she tells them she wants to give it up, they could have a long discussion about what this could mean for them. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Michelle Hardwick expecting second baby with wife [COMMENT] 'My love!' Emmerdale's Isabel Hodgins at brunch with co-star [COMMENT]Liam Fox married to Hollyoaks star before old girlfriend reunion [ANALYSIS] At the moment, it seems Harriet and Dan are on the verge of a romance, with neither character having had a relationship in a while. Although they would still be in the early days of seeing each other, the fact they are living together has already accelerated the plans. Therefore, the idea of becoming parents to Amelia's child might not be completely out of the question. As Dan would be related to the baby, he wouldn't want it to go to another set of parents as he would want to care for it. Amelia could agree to the plan and so would Harriet but will becoming the mother and father to a newborn push the couple together or draw them apart? The child's birth mother would have to think about whether she can stay in the same place where her uncle would be raising her child. Although she could keep her distance, she is likely to see them every day and this could make it harder to form the separation. Therefore, an exit could be on the cards for Amelia if she decides to give her baby up for adoption. It's already been teased by the actor who plays Dan, Liam, that the character will be having a romance in the near future. Discussing his character's latest storyline with Amelia, the soap star said: "There may be a dalliance with a certain person in the village!" "We’re working on that at the moment," he continued to explain and it seems viewers on Twitter have a mixed response to the prospect of Dan being with Harriet. Ryan wrote on the social media platform: "I think Harriet and Dan will get together?" Mike added: "Good acting tonight @Liamfoxactor I feel Dan will have a lot of scenes coming up now it’s been announced Amelia is pregnant #Emmerdale." Whilst Elizabeth posted: "#emmerdale Kim Tate and Will Taylor and now Harriet and Dan and Harriet and Dan get together, I hope not." Jess remarked: "Oh boy, I can’t think of a more dull couple than Harriet and Dan #emmerdale," but will the inclusion of a baby bring more drama to their door? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.