Newcastle United are reportedly one of the final two clubs still in the race to sign highly-rated French youngster Alan Virginius. The Magpies are on the hunt for a new striker after walking away from Hugo Ekitike negotiations, with the Reims frontman eventually signing for Paris Saint-Germain. Backed by huge financial resources, Eddie Howe's task is to keep Newcastle firing on an upward trajectory after finishing comfortably in mid-table last term. The boss, who took over from Steve Bruce less than a year ago, is keen to add a young striker to his ranks that he can mould into a world-beater. For a while, it seemed as though Ekitike was the chosen one after breaking through with Reims and scoring 10 Ligue 1 goals last campaign. But stalled talks with his agent, despite having agreed a £26million fee, stopped the move in its tracks and the 20-year-old turned his attention towards PSG instead. While Virginius' stats are modest by comparison - scoring five goals in Ligue 2 last season - the Magpies are reported by Le10Sport to be in a two-way battle for his services with Bayer Leverkusen. JUST IN: Tottenham may have new Kyle Walker and Danny Rose for Antonio Conte to work his magic on The likes of Anderlecht and Club Brugge, who were also believed to be interested, have seemingly fallen by the wayside as Sochaux prepare for more concrete action. Newcastle are supposedly readying a bid of up to £8m to land the 19-year-old, who is yet to be given a shot in the top-flight. Their pursuit may not be a simple one, however, with Leverkusen supposedly 'ready to respond' in a bid to bring him to the Bundesliga. The German outfit can offer Champions League football after finishing third in 2021/22 - something Newcastle simply can't match. MORE TRANSFER NEWS...Man Utd interest in Youri Tielemans 'growing' with Ten Hag a big fanChelsea 'very close' to signing Jules Kounde in Barcelona revengeArsenal 'reactivate' transfer interest as Arteta plots sixth signing It remains to be seen how prominent a role Howe would be willing to hand Virginius, with both Callum Wilson and Chris Wood already scrapping it out for one central striking spot. Howe's need for reinforcements comes after Wilson spent a large chunk of last season out injured, while Wood failed to hit the ground running after a £25m move from Burnley. An ambitious move for Real Sociedad striker Alexander Isak had been touted last week, with the Magpies' board believed to be in unanimous agreement that he should top their attacking wish list. But the Spanish outfit were unwilling to compromise on a price tag that would likely have topped £50m, and pursuing a more cost-effective option would allow Howe and transfer chief Dan Ashworth to invest in other areas of the squad before the window slams shut. Having inspired an impressive turnaround last campaign, the Toon have wasted no time in adding depth and experience to the squad with three new signings already bedding in. Sven Botman, Nick Pope and Matt Targett should all serve to sure things up at the back, which makes attacking recruitment an obvious priority over the coming weeks. Newcastle have made a storming start to their pre-season campaign, with consecutive thrashings over Gateshead and 1860 Munich already on the board. The Magpies are due to get their Premier League campaign underway on August 6 against newly-promoted Nottingham Forest.