Her Majesty's Inspector of Constabulary (HMIC) found 11 of the 18 forces it inspected in the past year struggled to respond adequately to calls. And it also discovered half failed to properly investigate crimes reported to them. The findings on a further 14 constabularies are due for publication, with 11 more still being inspected.  Wiltshire Police, one of six forces placed into special measures by HMIC this month due to poor performance, was found to be inadequate at responding to the public and protecting vulnerable people. Strategic planning and investigating crimes also came in for criticism. HMIC Wendy Williams said in her report: "I have serious concerns about Wiltshire Police's performance. The force is missing opportunities to protect vulnerable and repeat victims of crime. It needs to improve the way it manages calls, so all vulnerable people are identified. Some domestic abuse victims have received an unacceptable level of service and have continued to remain at risk." The damning study, published on Thursday, has led to Wiltshire and Swindon Police and Crime Commissioner Philip Wilkinson giving himself and Chief Constable Kier Pritchard three months to turn things around. He said: "In September we go before the (HMIC) oversight group and if we cannot demonstrate that we have put in place the necessary measures my position and that of the chief constable will become vulnerable and if we do not deliver we should consider our positions." The other forces HMIC has placed into its "engage process", dubbed special measures by Home Secretary Priti Patel, are the Met, Cleveland, Gloucestershire, Staffordshire and Greater Manchester.  But others not involved have also been criticised. Cheshire Police was told it requires improvement in responding to calls and managing risks posed by offenders and suspects. Eleven of the 18 forces already reported upon were ranked as inadequate or requiring improvement in responding to 999 and 101 calls. They included West Mercia, Thames Valley, Northamptonshire, Kent, Dorset, Cheshire, Cambridgeshire and Bedfordshire. Nine inspected forces deemed inadequate or needing to do better at investigations were Gloucestershire and Greater Manchester (both inadequate), Bedfordshire, Wiltshire, Cambridgeshire, Dorset, Kent, West Mercia and West Midlands (requiring improvement). 