The former Labour leader was seen laughing and joking with union baron Mick Lynch outside London's Euston station this morning, while millions of Britons across the country face misery from the subsequent travel chaos. Only around one in five trains are expected to run on around half the network, with some areas having no trains all day. Trains will also be disrupted on Thursday morning with a later start to services as employees return to duties. The industrial action over jobs, pay, pensions and working conditions has caused chaos for millions of commuters as they struggle to get into the office. In a message on social media last night, Mr Corbyn gave his "solidarity" to those on the picket lines and the rail strikers who are "fighting for fair pay, conditions and safety". He urged his political followers to "visit your nearest picket line and show your support". READ MORE ON OUR TRAIN STRIKES LIVE BLOG The former Labour leader is a long-term close ally of Mr Lynch and teamed up with the head of the boss of the National Union of Rail, Maritime and Transport Workers in March to tell Britons: "If you're not in a union, join one." Mr Corbyn's rallying cry for more people to join the picket lines today comes after Sir Keir Starmer urged his shadow ministers not to join those on strike. He said yesterday: "It’s quite open to people to express their support for working people who are struggling to pay their bills. "But I’m very clear that the Labour Party in opposition needs to be the Labour Party in power. "And a Government doesn’t go on picket lines, a government tries to resolve disputes. "I’m so frustrated with our Government because they could step in and help solve the dispute." DON'T MISS:Starmer speechless as pensioner accuses him of betraying working class [WATCH]Rail union boss Mick Lynch refuses to rule out illegal strikes  [INSIGHT]UK faces MORE strike misery as SEVEN train firms confirm action [UPDATE] Mr Corbyn's evident support for those refusing to work is set to cause fresh mayhem for his successor. The Islington North MP remains popular with a huge number of grassroots Labour members and some of the party's MPs. His contrasting message to Sir Keir risks creating a new rift within Labour. Shadow transport minister Sam Tarry has already so far joined Mr Corbyn on the picket line at London Euston station, in defiance of Sir Keir's orders to stay away. "If we don't make a stand today, people's lives could be lost," he told ITV's Good Morning Britain. "I've no idea what Keir will decide to do but I know this - if Keir was in government right now, this dispute wouldn't be happening." More strikes are due in the coming days and a wave of industrial action is planned next month on the railways and London Underground. National Rail says it made an improved pay offer to the RMT ahead of today's strikes but that the union rejected it before even consulting members.