Every year hundreds of thousands of tennis fans scrutinise Wimbledon, including some celebrity enthusiasts. A-listers are regularly spotted among the crowds, often seated in special zones and VIP areas.   While attention is for the most part focused on the match, in some instances, heads have turned towards the celebrities walking to and from their seats. This was the case for Woody Harrelson, the US actor, who on stepping away from his seat caught the eye of every single spectator. It came in 2019, when Juan Sebastian Cabal and Robert Farah were set to play Nicolas Mahut and Edouard Roger-Vasselin in the men’s doubles final of the tournament. In attendance were an array of celebrities and some royal faces too, but none could have expected what was to come, with many going on to describe it as one of the most violent matches in recent memory. Mahut suffered three blows during the match, one to the forehead, and then back-to-back hits to his neck and groin, all of which encouraged sympathetic ‘oos’ from the audience. READ MORE: Geri Halliwell thrown under the bus by husband Christian Horner as he admits 'problem'  The first hit landed just above his left eye and the match was stopped for around 10 minutes as Mahut was treated. He reportedly had some vision problems with his left eye immediately after the incident but was eventually cleared for the match to start again. Unfortunately, this was not the end to his agony as a glancing blow to the neck was quickly followed by a devastating volley to his nethers, leaving the crowd in shock. It was this final blow which would see Harrelson steal the show with his reaction: a dumbfounded stare as he blinked in disbelief. The shock on his face was so iconic it quickly circled Twitter and became a meme, but Harrelson was not done with his Wimbledon antics.  After heading away from his seat for a moment, Harrelson tried to return, with a glass of wine in hand, but was promptly stopped by an official. The moment was caught on camera as the official forced Harrelson to step back onto the stairs. It was speculated that the reason he couldn’t return to his seat was because the players were mid-point. He was eventually allowed back to his seat, and the antics continued with the commentators picking up on it. One spotted Harrelson typing on his phone, and commented: “Need to get him another glass of wine!”    h ttps:/celebrity-news/1635832/kate-middleton-prince-william-wimbledon-david-walliams-wife-age-latest-news-update  The commentators kept the audience thoroughly entertained, tracking Harrelson throughout the rest of the day. Fans rallied on social media, enjoying a far more eventful Wimbledon than they expected. Twitter users were treated to clips of footage featuring Harrison and the devastating blows Mahut faced. One fan said: “I don’t watch Tennis I watch Woody Harrelson watching Tennis.”  Even other celebrities were drawn to Harrelson’s free entertainment, with Stephen Amell, the Canadian actor, adding his thoughts to the thread. He tweeted: “I’ve been watching Wimbledon since very early this morning and I’m still watching for Woody Harrelson.” One particularly comedic moment saw Harrelson lick his lips like a child who had just finished their ice cream. Despite their best efforts, and injuries, Mahut and Roger-Vasselin were ultimately beaten by Cabal and Farah who would take home the trophy.