The Met Office sensationally confirmed yesterday (July 11) that this weekend could reach extreme heat levels, with temperatures potentially hitting mid to late 30s. The forecaster has also said it's likely to update this warning further in the coming days as the humidity will get worse again early next week. Express.co.uk spoke to the UK Health Agency who refused to speculate as to whether or not it was likely to issue a national emergency in light of the stark warning. But reports now suggest an emergency COBRA meeting was held by the government just hours ago to get a response plan underway. A Level 4 national emergency will only be reached when a heatwave is so severe or prolonged, the government agency says. If its effects extend outside health and social care systems, cause water shortages or threaten the integrity of health systems, such as the NHS, the government may declare its first ever warning. The government explained to Express.co.uk: "At this level, illness and death may occur among the fit and healthy, and not just in high‑risk groups, and will require a multi‑sector response at national and regional levels." This category has never before been triggered by the government, but this weekend could be the first time in history.    The Met Office's extreme heat amber warning blankets much of the country, including more than 85 local regions and counties. It says: "Some exceptionally high temperatures are possible during Sunday and could lead to widespread impacts on people and infrastructure." In terms of what to expect, it says adverse health effects may not be limited to the vulnerable, and could lead to serious illness or danger to life in regards to the wider public. People will likely be required to change their routines and day-to-day business to suit the weather conditions, and it even warns "moderate" delays in a vehicle could cause "significant welfare issues." READ MORE: Gritters used in summer to save melting roads  The current warning only extends to midnight on Sunday, but interactive maps show Monday could be far worse, with parts of the south touching 40C, which in itself will be record breaking. South East Water is among the utility companies urging people to also watch their consumption during the hot weather. It says: "The amount of water available in reservoirs and groundwater stores in the South East is currently good but in the past couple of years there has been a dramatic rise in household water usage with demand going up in hot weather by 50 percent." Lee Dance, head of water resources at South East Water said: “We have been producing an extra 120 million litres of drinking water every day - the equivalent of 20 million flushes of the toilet – for our 2.3 million customers to use but if everyone uses a lot of water at once, demand can outweigh the amount of water we are able to treat." DON'T MISS: Fury as Extinction Rebellion protesters occupy a mine for second day [REPORT] Mum with cancer forced to come out of retirement due to 'no EU staff' [REVEALED] Oprah’s advice to Harry and Meghan amid row [LATEST]  It already appears some calls for action are being enforced, with the South Central Ambulance Service (SCAS) declaring a critical incident yesterday due to a surge in 999 calls. A spokesman said its capacity to take calls is being "severely challenged", and it is now relying on third parties to help with the demand. A statement from the ambulance service added: "This week we are also faced with high temperatures across our region which we know will lead to an increase in demand on our service. All of these issues combined are impacting on our ability to respond to patients." The government will likely update its emergency messaging if and when it deems it necessary. 