Dan Walker has taken to social media to address the "awkward" message he ended up sending his wife. The Channel 5 newsreader, 45, accidentally told his wife Sarah Walker that he loved someone else following a texting blunder today which he blamed on predictive text. In view of his 276,000 Instagram followers, Dan laughed off the error. The former BBC Breakfast host wrote: "Definitely up there as one of the most awkward messages I’ve ever sent my wife," alongside three laughing faces. "#PredictiveText", he added. Dan added a picture which showed him having made the error to his wife-of-21-years. READ MORE: Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen emotional amid daughter Raven's news The star wrote, "10 minutes away," after which he added, "I love John." Quickly rectifying the blunder, Dan added: "Not John... you," followed by another laughing face. Dan's Strictly Come Dancing co-star John Whaite was quick to comment on the post. John penned: "I knew it," as hundreds of Dan's followers like the comment. After sharing the post on Twitter, former Strictly pro Motsi Mabuse couldn't help but comment. Demanding answers, she wrote: "Who is John @mrdanwalker explain yourself lol," as the star replied with laughing emojis. Dan keeps snaps of his wife Sarah off of his social media platforms as well as his three children. Last year, the Strictly star revealed the real reason why he never shares photos alongside his wife on social media. DON'T MISS... Amanda Holden, 51, showcases fabulous figure in skimpy bikini [INSIGHT]Hugh Grant hits out at Priti Patel for 'inhumane' Heathrow conditions [ANALYSIS]Piers Morgan rips into Prince Harry amid Nelson Mandela comparisons [UPDATE] Dan was asked about his wife's absence on his social media in a candid Q&A session. An Instagram user asked the star: "Why don't you post any photos with your wife?" Dan revealed that his partner prefers to not be on his social media accounts. He replied: "Good question... because she doesn't want to be on social media. Simple as that. She's much wiser than me." The broadcaster has been married to his childhood sweetheart for 20 years. The pair met in 1999 at the University of Sheffield when Dan was studying for a Master's Degree in broadcast journalism. Dan and Sarah went on to date for two years before being wed in 2001. Together they share three children, Joe, Jessica and Susanna.