Due to this hike, many households will be looking for ways to legally reduce their IHT bill in order to save money. Inheritance tax is a levy on someone's estate after they have passed away, which usually includes their property, money and possessions. It should be noted that no IHT is paid if the value of a person’s estate is below the £325,000 threshold. As of May 2022, the amount of money acquired through IHT reached a staggering £564million, according to HMRC. Receipts for the first two months of this financial year came to £1.1billion, which is £100million higher than than the same time the year before. One of the reasons being cited as to why inheritance tax receipts are on the rise is due to the nil rate band freeze. Since 2010/11, the nil rate band for IHT has remained the same since 2010/11 at £325,000. READ MORE: State pensioners may be able to increase sum by up to £14.75 weekly Usually, the main residence nil-rate band increases each year with inflation however this has not been the case. Last year, then-Chancellor Rishi Sunak confirmed in his 2021 Budget that the inheritance tax threshold would be frozen until 2026. As a consequence of this, more and more households have fallen into the eligibility threshold for inheritance tax due to house prices rising while the thresholds remain frozen. Many Britons are looking for ways to reduce their IHT liability with many turning to making gifts to charity or leaving money in their will. Stephen Lowe, group communications director at retirement specialist Just Group, outlined why it is important people realise how the nil rate band freeze affects how much people pay in inheritance tax. Mr Lowe explained: “While only a small proportion of people pay inheritance tax, the amount being paid has more than doubled in a decade from under £3billion to more than £6billion in 2021/22. “One reason is that the nil rate band – the size of the estate that can be left without paying any IHT – has been frozen at £325,000 since 2009. “If it had risen with the general rise in prices, it would be more than £100,000 higher today.”  READ MORE: ‘Game over!’ Woman, 42, watches as hackers steal £10,000 in attack  The tax expert broke down what the recent data shows about how much Britons are paying towards the inheritance tax levy. He added: “The monthly receipts data also shows that the phased introduction of the residential nil rate band between 2017/18 and 2020/21, an additional tax-free threshold for those leaving homes to children, has not stopped the continued rise in the amount of IHT being raised. “Typically, the value of a residential property is the main reason why estates are pushed over the IHT thresholds and the recent house price boom across the UK means many people could be approaching or surpassing the threshold without realising. “However, there are options available such as lifetime mortgages that can help people pass on that wealth while still alive to see the positive effect it can have on loved ones.” However, the financial expert shared what savers can do to mitigate any potential losses deriving from inheritance tax bills. “Professional, regulated advice can help people across the UK work out how their property may impact their estate planning,” Mr Lowe said. “Consider how the wealth tied up in bricks and mortar can help people meet their goals in later life, whether to use that wealth to boost consumption in retirement or to bequeath it in a tax-efficient manner.”