Chelsea have submitted an offer to Inter Milan for their midfielder Cesare Casadei, according to reports. The Blues attempted to sign the player during the negotiations for Romelu Lukaku's return to Inter earlier this summer. Casadei is yet to make an appearance for Inter's first team. But the Italy under-19 international has clearly caught the eye of the Chelsea recruitment staff. Twelve months after bringing Lukaku back to Stamford Bridge, Chelsea allowed him to move back to the San Siro on a season-long loan. Italian transfer reporter Gianluca Di Marzio claims the Blues attempted to broker a swap deal that would have seen Casadei head in the opposite direction. Inter did not want to include the teenager in the deal at the time. But Chelsea have not given up hope of signing the starlet, who has 'bewitched' Thomas Tuchel. The report says Chelsea have made an official offer of between £5.8million and £6.7m. However, Inter want a buy-back clause inserted in the deal, which will make the transfer difficult to complete. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd De Jong boost, Chelsea 'submit bid', Arsenal exit confirmed  Casadei came through the academy at Inter after joining from Cesena in 2018. He could become Chelsea's third signing of the summer if he were to join. Raheem Sterling was the first player Tuchel signed in this window. He was swiftly followed by Kalidou Koulibaly in a deal worth around £34m. However, Tuchel is desperate to add more strength in depth to his squad. They have missed out on Jules Kounde, who has instead opted to join Barcelona. Chelsea lost 4-0 to Arsenal in their final match of the pre-season tour to the USA last weekend. And Tuchel admitted afterwards he was on the search for more quality in the transfer market. DON'T MISSRonaldo told to stop 'bullying' Man Utd as Liverpool and Arsenal claim madeBarcelona ‘approve De Jong loan exit’ as Man Utd continue to dreamMan Utd 'have made calls' to agents of Fabian Ruiz over fourth transfer  The German said: "My analysing of the season does not change because of this game. Unfortunately, it proved my point. "The last week proves my point. I would absolutely prefer not to be right. "I did everything to prove myself wrong but at the moment I feel that I was right. I look at the last season and parts of the game where we struggled, parts of the season where we struggled, and then we got sanctioned and players left us and some players are trying to leave us, and this is where it is. "So we had an urgent appeal for quality players, a huge amount of quality players. We got two quality players but we are not competitive like this. Unfortunately you could see it today." 