Rail strikes have paralysed the nation after the RMT went on strike again today (July 27). Strikes are also planned for Saturday, July 30. The large group of family and friends was travelling from London to Hartlepool yesterday when their train was cancelled due to problems with an overhead line, as they were concerned about the strike today they felt their only option was to book a taxi home. The approximately 266-mile journey cost the group £780, the family also believes the train company not likely refund them the price of the tickets, although they may get "something". One of the group, Mr Lamb, 30, described the ordeal. Standing outside of the station last night, he said: "We are getting a taxi all the way back to Hartlepool for £780. The train company will give us something back for Tuesday, but they won't reimburse us for that full amount." He said the group needed to get back on Wednesday and did not know what trains would be running due to the RMT's strike action. Mr Lamb told The Telegraph: "We didn't know what trains were running, so we just booked a taxi."  Tens of thousands of rail workers walked out today, shutting down the majority of train services in the country. Four out of five trains are thought to have been cancelled. RMT boss Mike Lynch slammed Network Rail's offer of an eight percent increase over two years, coupled no compulsory redundancies and discounted travel as "entirely unacceptable". His comments seem to point to more strikes as the summer of discontent drags on. Andrew Haines, chief executive of network rail, claimed that union members should be allowed to vote on the new deal. READ MORE: Ukraine LIVE: Russian families pull rug from under Putin as they de...  Transport Secretary Grant Shapps waded into the fray proposing a new plan to stop unions "colluding" with one another and making sure critical industries, like rail, must "observe minimum service levels" by law. Writing for The Telegraph, he said: "I’m looking at banning strikes by different unions in the same workplace within a set period. "We should also place an absolute limit of six pickets at points of Critical National Infrastructure, irrespective of the number of unions involved, and outlaw intimidatory language." He added: "Importantly, we should ensure that, in critical industries like rail, unions must by law observe minimum service levels, ensuring that essential services continue during industrial action. DON'T MISS:Covid breakthrough: 'Compelling evidence' on origin FINALLY found [ANALYSIS]'Go-to' Mosquito repellents: 5 expert tricks to naturally deter [INSIGHT]Labour MP to leave Starmer furious as he makes huge gaffes live ON AIR [REPORT]  "The default strategy adopted by the RMT and others in industrial relations – their casual, habitual, brutal resort to the strike weapon – must end." However, union bosses hit back at the Minister's comments. Unison Secretary General Christina McAnea told the Mail Online that the Government was trying to "demonise" unions. She said: "The Government wants to turn the clock back to Victorian times when children were sent up chimneys and working people ruthlessly exploited. "Unions are trying to help employees through the worst cost-of-living crisis in recent history. Ministers want to demonise unions to distract from their own failings." 