Many women put on weight around their midriff before, during and after menopause. According to Claire Jones, founder of YourOneLife Healthy Weight Solutions, “women often gain weight around this time due to a perfect storm of circumstances that tend to come together at the same time, some of which are within our control, and some which are not so much, although we do have choices about how we respond to them.” She spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk  about the types of exercise women in their forties, fifties and beyond, should be doing to lose weight. “Exercise is vital for good health, but in my opinion for weight loss, ‘eat less and move more’ is too simple and can be counter-productive,” Claire said. “If we eat too much less and move too much more we are going to be burning the candle at both ends. “Moving a lot requires not just energy but nutrition too. “So if we are going to be moving a lot, we need to fuel that, which means eating enough. READ MORE: Menopause weight loss: 'Big deal' food group that tackles belly fat “It’s important to get the balance right,” she added. “A lot of exercise also takes a lot of time, which many of us don’t have. “Again figuring this balance out ourselves can be tricky so it’s a good idea to get expert help. “The type of exercise is really important too. DON'T MISS...Keep peppers firm and fresh for 5 weeks with simple food storage hack [GUIDE]Meghan Markle’s discreet bracelet has hidden ‘spiritual’ meaning [COMMENT]Greene King offering free pints if you have a certain surname [NEWS] “To sustain weight loss we need to have sufficient muscle mass - but when we lose weight we naturally lose muscle as less muscle is needed to support a smaller body, and over the years we naturally lose it too. “We can combat this and remind the body that we need it by doing resistance training. “We also need sufficient protein in our diet to support this. “So if you want to lose weight, the quick results will usually come for women who focus on a calorie deficit and move regularly - including some resistance training. READ MORE: Weight loss: Slimmer's new workout routine stopped her comfort eating “A minimum of 20 minutes two to three times a week and cardio a minimum of 20 minutes two to three times a week, for good cardiovascular health,” the expert advised. “Doing resistance training is so important throughout our lives to support our health. “It really is a case of use it or lose it, so the earlier in our lives we can get in the habit of doing it, the more likely we are to be able to manage our weight through the menopause and beyond, as long as we are not eating in a calorie surplus. “However it’s vital to not overdo it so that we don’t end up too tired or stressing the body too much, which will only result in giving up or becoming unwell,” Claire said. “HIIT (high-intensity interval training) style can be helpful as it’s quick, not time consuming or too tiring and can combine both cardio and resistance in one workout.” In terms of diet, Claire recommends the 80/20 principle. “If 80 percent of our calorie intake is coming from nutrient-dense, minimally processed foods, we can then have 20 percent of our calorie intake from whatever we fancy,” she said. “But it’s also vital to make sure everything you choose to eat is tasty and that you will look forward to eating it.”