The Transport Secretary explained why the British Government did not want inflation to get even more out of control than it was already. Mr Shapps claimed inflation eroded British citizen's income and savings. The Transport Secretary claimed the cost of fuel had been increased due to Putin's ongoing illegal invasion of Ukraine. Mr Shapps also claimed the British Governments plan was to get the economy back on track, and that pay rises needed to reflect that. LBC presenter Nick Ferrari said: "Public sector pay rises could be capped at a low percentage figure around 5 percent to try and combat inflation. "That could lead to a lot of strikes, you'll be aware of a lot of strikes, not just on the transport sector, Secretary of State how concerned should my listeners be about this?" Mr Shapps said: "Well look one thing we don't want to do, is allow inflation to run out of control. "When that happens you get into a vicious circle where you're... And it erodes people's income, it erodes people's savings. JUST IN: GB News: Ex-Conservative MP warns against 'underestimating' Brexiteer Penny Mordaunt     Mr Shapp added: "And again this is where Rishi, in particular, has been very clear, that what we need to do is grapple inflation. "There is a spike going through the system as we know, caused by Putin's war in Ukraine and the big upset that has had to, for example, fuel supplies. "It's very important that we don't chase that inflation, otherwise we will permanently be poorer. "And that's why a plan which gets us back on track as quickly as possible is important, and pay rises will need to reflect that."  READ MORE: Labour's bid to oust Boris from No10 tonight FLOPS after PM humiliated Starmer in Commons Many Britons have been calling for the Government to tackle the ongoing cost of living crisis as the situation is predicted to get worse come autumn. Rail unions have been imposing strikes on the UK in order to have demands for a 7 percent-8 percent pay rise for their staff met. Mr Shapps has condemned their disruptive actions, which saw the travel industry plunged into chaos, and with newly announced strikes, will likely do it again. RMT union boss Mick Lynch has been demanding to speak with Mr Shapps, in order to resolve the ongoing union row, but Mr Shapps has refused. DON’T MISS: Nigel Farage blasts Prince Harry after UN speech for 'never working a day in his life'[INSIGHT]‘Harry’s voice but Meghan’s words’ Duke and Duchess accused of being FAKE over UN speech [REVEAL]Truss campaign on the ropes as Gove urges MPs to switch to rising star Kemi Badenoch [SPOTLIGHT]     Mr Lynch discussed how pay rises could worsen the economy. He told Radio 4s Today programme: "Well the deal should have been done a while ago. "Inflation was at various levels when the Network Rail deal should have been done last year. it was at 7.1. Mr Lynch added: "And there are various anniversary dates for train operators. "But everybody deserves a pay rise in this country! "If our members don't get a pay rise, there won't be a pay rise for cleaners and for catering workers and retail workers, or broadcast journalists. "It doesn't work like that, everybody is getting poorer in this country and everybody deserves a pay rise and our members just happen to be in the focus."  READ NEXT