Jack is best known for playing Noah Dingle on Emmerdale, the troublesome son of Charity Dingle (played by Emma Atkins) who has spent the past few weeks in prison for stalking Chloe Harris (Jessica Elland). The character hasn't had much luck when it comes to romance, with the young man often going about things the wrong way on the ITV soap. However, life could be very different for the actor off-screen if the 20-year-old has embarked on a relationship with a significant other. According to reports, the soap star does not have a girlfriend and isn't currently in a relationship with anyone in real life. The actor's single status is further supported by the fact he hasn't posted a picture of himself with a partner on his social media platforms. It could be the youngster has decided to keep his romance away from the public eye and is keeping the identity of his partner hidden. Several of his co-stars have followed this method when it has come to their relationship in order to maintain a level of privacy. Apparently, reports state Jack has had one partner in the past but there is no evidence to support this claim online. READ MORE: Piers Morgan savages Prince Harry over 'miserable' speech Following his introduction to the soap in 2009, Noah didn't really get to embark on a relationship as he went through high school. This was because his mother Charity had several romances in the village which didn't work out, with her son having to bid farewell to multiple father figures. Due to the way he watched his mother's relationships crumble, this made him anxious to get into one of this own as he didn't know what a healthy one looked like. Even Cain Dingle (Jeff Hordley), who has acted as a constant father figure to him, has struggled with his own relationship problems. However, in 2021, it seemed things were about to change when he got into a relationship with the newcomer to the Dales, Chloe Harris (Jessica Elland). The two hit it off right away, with Charity and Chloe's mother figure, Kerry Wyatt (Laura Norton), trying to keep them apart. They proceeded to go against this and even tried to run away from the village together before they were stopped in their tracks. As Noah became obsessed with his love interest, she eventually broke things off with him as she thought it was becoming too much. This resulted in the young man trying to get together with Amelia Spencer (Daisy Campbell), though he had no interest in her. It was simply to make Chloe jealous seeing him with another girl but it didn't work as she had moved on with Nate Robinson (Jurell Carter). DON'T MISS...Emmerdale’s Jay Kontzle stunned as wife unveils third pregnancy [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Gemma Oaten forced to have ‘all her top teeth removed’ [COMMENT]Laura Norton weight loss: The big changes that saw TV star lose 3st [ANALYSIS] Feeling as if she was slipping away from his grasp, Noah decided to start stalking Chloe, using drones to film her from her bedroom window and sneaking into her bedroom. When he was caught out, he tried to explain to Chloe he wanted her but this heated exchange was witnessed by his mother Charity. The soap stalwart ended up calling the police on her own son as she thought he needed to be taught a lesson but never did she believe he would go to prison. He was sentenced to three months behind bars but next week, he will make his return to the village as somewhat of a changed man. It seems there could be a potential for romance between him and Amelia but whether this is allowed to happen will be another matter completely. Speaking about the plot, Jack explained he didn't think his character really knew what he was doing to Chloe was criminal. The actor told Express.co.uk and other media: "He thought that he was trying to be kind to her and trying to get her to see the real him and see that what he was doing was right. "And that he just wanted to know more about her really, and get closer to her.” Jack did extensive research for the storyline and discovered many stalkers do not believe what they are doing to their victims is wrong. Despite being in jail for the past few weeks, it seems Jack isn't too sure what the future holds for his troubled character. The young actor said: "Right now, I don’t think there’s any way back unless he gets serious help and has a few conversations with people about mindset and the way you should act around women." Jack has also had to defend himself as some members of the public see him as his character when they meet him away from the show. He explained: "You do get the odd little interaction in public where people think that you might be like your character in real life. "But I promise I’m not! It's been really different since I played a totally different side to Noah," the young soap star added. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.