There have since been a number of issues created by European stubbornness: Northern Ireland, migrants crossing the Channel illegally and the chaos as people try to get into France. Now we have what I consider a blow below the belt, as blue badge recognition in European countries like France and Spain is under threat. What else can these people do to turn the UK against Europe even more? Remainers blame Brexit for the travel delays because the French border police now stamp and examine passports, says Thomas Sayers from Saltburn, North Yorkshire. If the French knew there was extra work, why did they only have six booths for border officials open at Dover at the weekend, when there are 12 booths? Surely the number should have been increased. This is French intransigence. If they were not looking at passports before, no wonder terrorists could cross freely.  Until the French stop punishing us for leaving the EU we should all stop taking holidays in France, says Suzi White from Taunton, Somerset. There are other ferry ports to get to Spain. Boycott Dover to Calais and if the tourist industry suffers President Macron may see he needs to be more cordial to his friends across the water. The inflexible attitude of the EU to the Irish border situation has now been further demonstrated with inadequate numbers of French border personnel at Dover, and the comment from a French official that the chaos was the aftermath of Brexit, says Len Griffiths from Prenton, Merseyside. The French are being as awkward as possible but they will find there maybe a response from the UK that costs them dearly.   Well done to the men's 4×100m for their bronze medal at the athletics World Championships, says Dave Lewis from Brotton, North Yorkshire. Not so well done to the BBC which has again revealed its woke agenda. It is quick to point out that the England women's football team has no black players and that the team was "too white." Why then, was it not mentioned that there were no white men in the relay team, which was therefore "too black?" When is the BBC going to realise that people are selected on merit, not the colour of their skin. 