Golf star Will Zalatoris has taken to social media to deny speculation he could become the latest name to leave the PGA Tour in favour of the lucrative and controversial LIV Golf Invitational Series. The American has impressed over the last few years and has come agonisingly close to winning a major, as he narrowly missed out on the US Open. The highly-anticipated LIV Golf series made its debut at The Centurion Club in St Albans last month, with the likes of Phil Mickelson, Dustin Johnson and Sergio Garcia headlining a mixed field in terms of big name pull and talent. Charl Schwartzel, the 2011 Masters champion, secured a one-stroke victory and a £3.86 million payout - more than the £2.56 million awarded to Englishman Matt Fitzpatrick for securing the coveted US Open title. The second LIV Golf event is underway in Portland, Oregon and the field showcases nine of the last 21 major winners, four former World No. 1 players and nearly half of the field currently ranked int he top 100. While Zalatoris hasn’t necessarily been linked with a move to the controversial series after he pledged his loyalty to the PGA Tour, the 25-year-old wanted to clarify his stance and refute any rumours linking him with a move to LIV Golf. “There have been a lot of rumours surrounding LIV Golf and of specific guys potentially leaving,” Zalatoris wrote in a statement released on Twitter. “Now, I have begun to hear rumours that I might be going to LIV. READ MORE: LIV Golf fears as star hopes Greg Norman ‘doesn’t ruin women’s golf' “I’d like to clear this up and say that I am fully committed to the PGA Tour and the DP World Tour. I have been vocal about this since February and nothing has changed. “I have dreamed of winning on the PGA Tour and winning majors since I was a little kid. I love where the PGA Tour and the DP World Tour and their associated tours are headed. “I cannot wait for the rest of the PGA Tour and the Race to Dubai. See everyone in Scotland the next two weeks.” DON'T MISSWoods shows desire to make the Open by practicing swing at footballPGA Tour stars stunned as golf cart plunges into water at ChampionshipMickelson, Koepka and Saudi golf stars dealt blow ahead of The Open Players are to compete in golf’s new format for £20 million and the chance to become the second individual and team champions for LIV Golf. The Saudi-backed LIV series is the most lucrative golf tournament in history, which has been the key point attracting star names. The eight-event series, which is funded by Saudi Arabia's Public Investment Fund (PIF), has a prize pot of just over £200m for 2022, while an extra £1.6 billion has reportedly been secured to expand the event to a 14-event league by 2024.