A lane is closed on the motorway anticlockwise between junctions five and six following the crash. Serious congestion has been reported in the area.  The traffic website Inrix reported the incident shortly after 2pm today. Pictures from the area have confirmed serious congestion there. The crash is reported to happened just after junction six near Godstone. There have also been reports of delays to the clockwise side of the carriageway in the area as drivers slow down to view the crash. Traffic was reportedly very slow moving all the way back to junction 8, with National Highways warning of about 40 minute delays compared to regular conditions.  Friday afternoon often sees heavy traffic on this section of the M25 as commuters head home for the weekend. At 2.50pm another crash happened on the busy route - this time between junction 29, the A127 at Basildon, all the way to junction 30. Lorries and cars have been brought to a standstill on the M25 clockwise carriageway of the major motorway. This has impacted between Junction 29, the A127 at Basildon, to Junction 30, Lakeside, according to reports. Essex Travel News confirmed the news in a post on Twitter: "M25 Clockwise – ALL TRAFFIC BEING HELD between J29 (A127) and J30 (A13) following an accident. READ MORE: Man comes home to find family dog eating wife's 'mutilated' body  It is not yet clear whether the crash has resulted in any injuries. Essex Live reported that traffic cameras appear to show a “large number” of emergency services at the scene. The crash was reported at around 2.50pm. By 3.20pm, reports suggested all lanes had reopened, but long delays remained. The news comes amid reports of a lorry fire near Dartford which has caused major delays on both the A2 and M25 between Darenth Interchange and B225/Bluewater. Four miles of congestion stretched from the M25 anticlockwise before Dartford Tunnel causing 30 minute delays. DON'T MISS:Angela Rayner's boyfriend declares war on Starmer's leadership [REPORT]Moscow ridiculed as 'move to Russia' ad sparks Twitter slapdown [ANALYSIS]Kate's unused royal title the Duchess was given after her wedding [INSIGHT]  National Highways said in a tweet: "Traffic is currently stopped on the A2 eastbound between M25/A282 and B255 near Dartford due to a vehicle fire. "Please allow extra time if travelling in the area as delays of 30 mins and approx. 4 miles of congestion." National Highways, at 3.36pm, announced all lane closures near Dartford had been removed. 