Prime Day is underway with discounts across thousands of popular products, including the popular Fire tablet range. Amazon has slashed the price of its Fire HD 8 tablet by 61%, dropping the price to just £34.99. Unbelievably, that's not even the cheapest Fire tablet available in the Prime Day sale – the Fire 7 tablet has dropped from £59.99 down to just £24.99. Yes, really. Both of these deals will expire at 11.59pm on July 13, so you'll need to act fast to secure one! As always with the best Prime Day deals, you'll need to be a Prime member to take advantage of any of these deals. This annual membership unlocks access to exclusive deals, next-day delivery on thousands of items (and same-day delivery in some areas of the UK), access to exclusive boxsets and blockbusters from Prime Video, millions of tracks to stream from Prime Music, unlimited photo back-up, access to free PC games, an upgraded Deliveroo account, and much more. The scheme costs £79 per year, but you can take advantage of a Prime free trial to access the latest Prime Day deals, and then cancel at no cost. Fire tablets provide access to the wealth of content available from Amazon, including exclusive boxsets and blockbusters from Prime Video, Kindle ebooks, millions of tracks from Prime Music, and apps and games from the Amazon Appstore. This Google Play Store rival has some of the biggest third-party apps, like Netflix, BBC iPlayer, ITV Hub, Disney+, NOW (formerly NOW TV), and Facebook available to download for your Fire tablet. Amazon has also fitted its Android tablets with front- and rear-facing cameras, so you can call friends and family. You can also use the Fire tablet to take photographs and videos. If you're looking for the cheapest Fire tablet, look no further than the Fire 7 tablet. This low-cost tablet usually costs £59.99, but has plunged to just £24.99. That Prime Day discount beats the previous record of £31.99 from earlier this year and is a ridiculously low price for a tablet with a touchscreen, dual cameras, access to all of your favourite apps and games. The Fire HD 8 tablet is the next step up and boasts a High Definition (HD) display so you'll be able to stream Stranger Things and Selling Sunset from Netflix in higher picture quality than the entry-level Fire 7 tablet. Usually priced at £89.99, Fire HD 8 has dropped to just £34.99 in the Prime Day sale – a whopping 61% saving! It also enjoys a battery life boost from 10-hours (Fire 7) to 12-hours between charges. Charging is handled by USB-C, which is the same cable used for all modern Android smartphones, the Nintendo Switch, iPad Pro, and recent MacBook Air designs ...which means you'll only have to pack a single charger when going on your next holiday. The Fire HD 8 tablet has the same 2-megapixel front- and rear-facing cameras as the Fire 7 tablet, so don't bother spending the extra cash if you're looking for better picture quality on your video calls. For that, you'll need to upgrade to the next model in the line-up. The rest of the Fire tablet lineup breaks down as follows... Fire HD 8 Plus (supports wireless charging)WAS £119.99, NOW £64.99 – SEE THE DEAL Fire HD 10 (larger 10-inch screen, 1080p full HD screen, 5-megapixel rear camera)WAS £149.99, NOW £79.99 – SEE THE DEAL MORE LIKE THIS