Christian Horner has warned Toto Wolff that it would be ‘illegal’ for Mercedes to continue updating the W13 during Formula One’s summer break. In the latest war of words between the two team principals, Red Bull chief Horner has warned his rival of summer law-breaking. Mercedes have struggled with new technical regulations brought in ahead of the 2022 season. The Silver Arrows have been affected by porpoising, with both Lewis Hamilton and George Russell complaining of major impacts on their performances. But the duo have claimed some positive results in recent races. Hamilton has recorded four successive podium finishes, while Russell has only finished outside the top five once all year. Wolff and Mercedes are hoping to build on that momentum by making further updates to the car. However, Horner has told them they cannot do so throughout the summer break, which takes place after Sunday’s Hungarian Grand Prix. JUST IN: Max Verstappen jokes about Lando Norris title fear after amusing post Horner warned: "I heard that Toto is said to have said that they are working through the summer break to improve the car. That would of course be illegal." It comes after Wolff accused Horner of being ‘bored’ after Red Bull contested new F1 regulations designed to limit the porpoising of the cars. Red Bull have not suffered from the problem quite so frequently, and it is partly why Max Verstappen is so far ahead of his rivals in the world drivers’ championship. "Clearly when you're running in the front you just want to just make sure that nothing changes. I think he's just bored at the front. So good for him,” the Austrian told journalists, in a sign that the two team principals are back at loggerheads. DON'T MISS...Lewis Hamilton makes Verstappen prediction and is gutted for LeclercToto Wolff explains George Russell radio chat after French GP incidentMax Verstappen reacts to beating Lewis Hamilton and George Russell Meanwhile, Horner has admitted that Verstappen’s 63-point lead heading into the midway point of the season was beyond his ‘wildest dreams’ at the start of the campaign. He said: “If you had told me going into Christmas last year that with the biggest regulation change in 40 years, with the effort that we put into last year’s championship, that we would be sitting here with eight Grand Prix victories, two sprint race victories and leading both championships by 64 and 82 points respectively, that would have been beyond my wildest expectations," said Horner. “I think that it really is a testament to the determination, dedication and hard work that has gone on behind the scenes within the factory. “We’ve seen Ferrari very competitive also this year, we see Mercedes for sure are gathering momentum, but considering we were probably the last team to transition fully onto this car, it has been a phenomenal job.”