Mrs Truss insisted she could appeal to “red wall” voters in the Midlands and the north, while also seeing off the threat from the Liberal Democrats in “blue wall” seats such as those in the south west of England. She said: “I am the only candidate who can deliver tax cuts and bold reform on the economy, the only candidate with the experience and credibility to deliver, and the only candidate who can unite the whole Conservative party and the whole country. As Prime Minister I will deliver for families across Britain and unleash our full potential.” It follows concern within the Conservative party that the loss of Boris Johnson as leader will make it harder to retain red wall seats where former Labour supporters switched to the Tories in 2019. At the same time, there are fears that attempts to appeal to Brexit supporters in working class communities have damaged the party’s standing among more liberal-minded voters who switched from the Liberal Democrats to the Tories in the 2015 general election. Lib Dem by-election gains in Tiverton and Honiton, North Shropshire and Chesham and Amersham, all at the expense of the Conservatives, have provoked concern among jittery Tory MPs. Mrs Truss’s references to her experience at the highest level of government were echoed by supporters, who pointed out that she played a key role delivering Brexit as a former International Trade Secretary, and is currently leading the UK’s tough response to the Russian invasion of Ukraine. In a clear dig at some of her rivals for the Conservative leadership, supporters James Heappey, Tom Pursglove and Edward Argar have written a joint article warning: “This is no time for a novice.” Writing for the Sunday Express, the three Tory MPs said: “Our next Prime Minister needs to be able to hit the ground running from day one.” They added: “She is ready to be Prime Minister from day one. She would lead a government of all the talents, which brings together the best and brightest.” Rival candidates include Rishi Sunak, the former Chancellor, who has also served at the highest level of Government. However, he is thought almost certain to be chosen by Conservative MPs as one of the two candidates they will send into the second round of the contest to compete for the votes of party members. It means Ms Truss is currently fighting rivals including Penny Mourdant, Kemi Badenoch and Tom Tugendhat for the second spot on the ballot paper. None of these have occupied any of the most senior Cabinet roles, known as the great offices of state, which include the posts of Chancellor, Home Secretary or Foreign Secretary. Mrs Mourdant served in Theresa May’s cabinet from 2017 to 2019 as International Development Secretary and then as Defence Secretary. Ms Truss clashed with Mr Sunak in last week’s televised debate, after she vowed to axe green levies on energy bills, cancel a planned corporation tax rise and reverse a hike in national insurance. The former Chancellor accused her of “borrowing your way out of inflation,” but she responded: “I think it is wrong to put taxes up.” The line “no time for a novice” has a long political pedigree and was memorably used by former Prime Minister Gordon Brown in 2008 during the banking crisis, when he faced threats to his leadership from Labour rivals.