The Met Office has issued its first ever red warning for extreme heat for many parts of England which means the extreme weather could lead to “serious illness or danger to life”. According to the department, exceptional heat is expected to affect a large part of England early next week, with temperatures likely to be in the high 30s in some places and perhaps even reaching 40C.  Met Office Chief Meteorologist Paul Gundersen said: “Exceptional, perhaps record-breaking temperatures are likely early next week, quite widely across the red warning area on Monday, and focussed a little more east and north on Tuesday. “Currently there is a 50 percent chance we could see temperatures top 40C and 80 percent we will see a new maximum temperature reached. “Nights are also likely to be exceptionally warm, especially in urban areas. “This is likely to lead to widespread impacts on people and infrastructure.  "Therefore, it is important people plan for the heat and consider changing their routines. “This level of heat can have adverse health effects.” The Red Extreme heat national severe weather warning will cover Monday and Tuesday for parts of central, northern, eastern and southeastern England. An Amber Extreme heat warning has been in place for much of England and Wales for Sunday, Monday and Tuesday since earlier this week.  READ MORE: Police eye breakthrough in Madeleine McCann case The step up in warning level to red is running parallel to an increase in the current Heat Health Warning to Level 4 for England by the UK Health Security Agency. According to Labour MP Richard Burgon the current climate breakdown is a crisis “driven by the wealthy”. The Corbyn-era shadow minister referred to research published by Oxfam in 2020, as he tweeted: “As we face 40C temperatures and the first ever Red Extreme Heat Warning, remember this climate crisis is driven by the wealthy. “The UK's wealthiest 1 percent of people each produce 11x the carbon emissions of someone in the poorest half of society.  DON'T MISS:Camilla’s ‘devotion’ to ‘workaholic’ Charles Woman rushed to hospital after being ‘shot in the back’ Penny Mordaunt's swipe at Rishi Sunak “We must fight for climate justice!” This is the first time 40C has been forecast in the UK. The current record high temperature in the UK is 38.7C, which was reached at Cambridge Botanic Garden on July 25 in 2019. 