School teacher Rachel Bell was no stranger to diet culture. “I tried everything – weight watchers, slimming world, keto, fat burner pills, even undereating.” Rachel described how these methods failed to achieve sustainable weight loss, instead causing her to “yo-yo”. “I would lose weight, but the moment I didn’t follow whatever 'plan' it was, I would pile it back on and more.” Rachel describes the main reason these diet plans didn’t work was because “they categorised foods into good and bad”. Aligning food with moral value has been shown to promote an unhealthy relationship with food. READ MORE: Camilla uses £200 fitness tool to 'track activity levels' - pictures This causes dieters to swing between either perfection or a loss of control and binging. As a result, Rachel decided to take a different approach. She used an online coaching service which emphasises exercise and fitness instead of restriction. The service provides tailored calorie intake plans as well as recommended activity levels personalised to each customer.  By choosing a plan which focused on fitness rather than restriction, Rachel was burning enough calories to be in a weight loss deficit while eating more than she ever had before. “I could eat what I wanted within my daily calorie allowance. Nothing was off limits.” Rachel’s key tip to not getting disheartened was “putting the scales away”. She instead tracked her progress visually using photos – this “took the pressure off”. READ MORE: Adam Woodyatt weight loss: The 'biggest change' he made to shed pounds Rachel emphasised that investing in a coach was the key difference in her “mindset and motivation” as this kept her “accountable”. If you don’t have the time or money to invest in a coaching service, Rachel listed social media as a great alternative. She said: “People will notice you trying and become invested in you!” You can also track your activity levels and calorie intake using free apps such as MyFitnessPal and online calculators. According to Rachel, the most important factors to maintaining weight loss is a flexible, realistic plan. The plan must also promote positive lifestyle changes such as exercise and nourishment, she suggested. There are lots of different diet plans on the market. Those looking to lose weight can consult with a doctor to find the best plan for them.