Cristiano Ronaldo's desire to quit Old Trafford this summer could actually make life easier for Erik ten Hag - just months after Jamie Carragher claimed that Manchester United had made a mistake in re-signing the veteran striker. It was revealed on Saturday that Ronaldo is keen to leave United just 12 months after rejoining the club in order to play Champions League football next term. Ronaldo's return to Old Trafford capped a busy summer for Ten Hag's predecessor, Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, who was expected to challenge for the Premier League title after snaring Ronaldo, Jadon Sancho and Raphael Varane. But the Norwegian was axed in November with United floundering in the league, and Carragher is adamant that the signing of Ronaldo was a major reason why United failed to build on the second-placed finish they had clinched the year before. Writing in his Telegraph column back in February, Carragher said: "Cristiano Ronaldo’s invaluable contribution to Manchester United’s Premier League win over Brighton was another reminder of his unparalleled appetite for goals. But it does not change this reality: United made a mistake re-signing Ronaldo last summer. It will be a bigger one keeping him next season. "I know how contentious that sounds. It is easy to list the many magnificent qualities Ronaldo possesses which make him one of the greatest players we have seen. He remains one of the ultimate goalscorers, having evolved to become a penalty box predator, liable to deliver when his team most needs it - as against Villarreal and Atalanta - to prolong United’s Champions League campaign. You would not bet against him scoring over 20 goals this season. READ MORE: Man Utd stung by Frenkie de Jong update as Barcelona chief casts doubt on 'agreement' "'Where would United be without his goals,' is something you often hear. Well, we already have an answer to that. United scored 121 in all competitions in 2020-21, their highest tally for 14 years, That is because they were a more balanced, unified team than now." The debate around Ronaldo has rumbled on all season long. The Portuguese veteran has done exactly what was expected of him since his return, bagging 24 goals in 38 games to top the scoring charts at Old Trafford. However, it is impossible to ignore that Manchester United have regressed massively since the 37-year-old returned to the club last summer. The club headed into the 2021/22 campaign as the best of the rest in the Premier League, but are now miles behind their domestic rivals. DON'T MISSMan Utd told to complete mega swap deal after Cristiano Ronaldo transfer revelationMan City identify replacement for Chelsea target Raheem Sterling in Man Utd hijackChelsea owner could offload two fan favourites to fund Frenkie de Jong transfer Although it may seem scandalous to suggest that Ten Hag's task at Manchester United may be made easier by the absence of this year's leading scorer and the club's talisman, it could well prove to be true. Ronaldo's departure would give Ten Hag a clean slate up front and the chance to mould a squad in the image of the high-octane team that brought him so much success in Holland, while the absence of a player who was responsible for causing some high-profile controversy last season should ensure United's new boss doesn't have to contend with any unnecessary drama in his new role. Manchester United would obviously have to replace Ronaldo, who has become the club's talisman again over the past 12 months, but they could end up being stronger without him if Ten Hag is given the time and resources to build a proper team in Ronaldo's absence and prevent the club from relying so heavily on one man.