Pierre Gasly has revealed he will be holding talks with Red Bull bosses over his future with the team beyond next season. The Frenchman said he would be having “discussions with Red Bull” on what options are available to him for 2024. However, the Alpha Tauri driver admitted his F1 future could lie “elsewhere” if talks didn’t progress. Gasly has already been confirmed at Alpha Tauri for next season to see out the end of his Red Bull contract. But, Sergio Perez signed a two-year extension ahead of the Monaco Grand Prix which will keep him at the team until the end of 2024 putting Gasly’s future at the top team in doubt. Speaking exclusively to Express Sport, Gasly said: “I mean for now I’m still a Red Bull driver and I'll go until the end of my Red Bull contract. “Next year is going to be my tenth year with Red Bull which obviously is a long time. My longest relationship up to now. Ten years, that’s a lot of time. READ MORE: Fuming Pierre Gasly rants on radio after close shave at French GP “Beyond 2023 things at the moment are quite open. Obviously there are going to be discussions with Red Bull on what options they have to offer. Then personally, I have a very clear vision of what I want to achieve in Formula 1. “I want to fight for wins, I want to fight at the top, I want to fight for championships. That's the target and the only reason why I wake up every single day and work out and focus on every single detail I can as a professional athlete is to be the best in my sport. “That’s the strategy and we will assess the different options for 2024, whether it's with Red Bull or elsewhere. But for now its main focus is to push the team forward, Alpha Tauri forward as much as I can and work for 2023. DON'T MISS Pierre Gasly warns AlphaTauri 'paid the price' as decision called out [INSIGHT]Red Bull's Helmut Marko slams Daniel Ricciardo and three F1 drivers [ANALYSIS]Gasly warned to leave Horner and Marko over Red Bull contract war [COMMENT] “We will see what the future brings in 2024.” Red Bull boss Helmut Marko has previously suggested he did not want to lose Gasly’s services despite rewarding Perez with a new deal recently. He said: “If this contract expires and we can’t offer him a chance for promotion, we will most likely lose him. We don’t want that.”