Kirstie Allsopp, 50, has reacted furiously to an insult made about her dad, Charles Henry Allsopp, 6th Baron Hindlip, on Twitter. The mocking social media user took to the platform to respond to Kirstie after she posted a message and photo complaining about traffic in London. The original post was shared with her 428,600 followers last week. The Location Location Location presenter posted a snap of traffic around Euston last Thursday morning as she was on her way to work. Kirstie wrote in the caption: “One of those mornings when I’d like to have a firm word with @MayorofLondon about the chaos he created around #Euston and #StPancras.” Twitter user @Darrenmoore wrote in retort: “I bet Lady Allsopp also winds down her window at pedestrian crossings and shouts READ MORE: Loose Women’s Denise Welch sparks frenzy in busty red swimsuit snap “Out the way plebs, my Dad was richer than yours, so I *must* go first. “Just like that slimy Coren guy.” Quote tweeting the response, Kirstie responded angrily, saying her dad is irrelevant to the issue at hand. She wrote: “PS I’m 50 FFS, so who or what “my Dad” is/has is irrelevant. “And right now, after 8 weeks in hospital, 6 in ICU, he’s living at mine, so kindly place your sexist prejudice up your bum Darren.” Followers were divided on the subject and took to the comments to express their thoughts. @Thebigragu72 said: “You were a big part of the promotional machine that has driven inequality in this country (presenting a property show sponsored by a mortgage "lender"). “You're an easy target for their anger. I get the feeling you're either oblivious, or just don't understand the banking system.” DON'T MISS... Amanda Owen addresses ‘chaotic’ home life at Ravenseat amid split [INSIGHT]Madonna, 63, goes topless as she strips off in eye-popping snaps [UPDATE]Lady Victoria Hervey, 45, goes underwear-free in daring number [ANALYSIS] @Sarah_racewear said: “In nicer news, I'm pleased to see he's well enough to have left hospital, I hope he'll be feeling much better soon. “It must have been a very scary time for you.” Kirstie wrote back: “Yesterday was HUGE for us. I was filming in Nottingham, you can’t cancel a filming day, it puts too many people out. “So it fell to my sainted brother to ensure Elvis left the building! Today Dad is sitting in the garden enjoying the sun.” @Lostinabook26 said: “Hope your dad is doing well and lovely to see he enjoyed the sun in the garden. “Ignore the haters who have absolutely no idea how hard things are behind closed doors. They only care about their own tunnel vision opinion. Imagine then in the real world!”