Helen Skelton, 39, has thanked her child’s “amazing teachers” for their support following her split from husband Richard Myler earlier in the year. The former couple share three children together, including five-year-old son Louis. The Summer On The Farm host took to Instagram on Wednesday to share the heartfelt tribute with her 313,000 followers.  The TV presenter posted a picture of Louis and one of his female teachers on her Instagram story, writing: "Love and luck school leavers," followed by a red heart emoji.  "Baby boy finished reception," she continued, before adding: "Grateful for amazing teachers and support staff."  The split occurred in April of this year and resulted in Richie leaving the family home only four months following the birth of the former couple’s third child. READ MORE: Stacey Solomon and Joe Swash have married in 'joyous' ceremony  The rugby player's relationship with his new girlfriend Stephanie Thirkill came to light weeks after it was announced that his eight-year marriage to Helen was over.  It comes as Richie recently shared snaps of himself and Stephanie on holiday in Cornwall.  Taking to Instagram, the Leeds Rhinos player shared a picture of himself with his arm wrapped around Stephanie Thirkill as she put her arms around him.  The two looked smitten with one another as they smiled for the shot. He wrote in the caption: “Cornwall... Was worth a 32 year wait”, with love heart and sun emojis.  The star recently addressed the struggles of being a single parent, following the break up.  She admitted that she suffered from what she called “mum guilt.”  The Countryfile presenter was married to rugby player Richie for eight years. READ MORE... Meghan and Harry's appearance 'paint a thousand words' claims host [NEWS] David Warner dead: Titanic and Omen star dies aged 80 [LATEST] Paul O'Grady inundated with support after falling ill [BREAKING]   Since they split, Helen has admitted she often enlists the help of her own mum to aid her with her children.  The star is proud mum to three young children - Ernie, seven, Louis, five, and six-month-old daughter Elsie - who she shares with Richie.  She has a number of jobs and is frequently busy filming TV projects and so needs her family, including her mother, to help her with the kids.  Helen recently finished filming for the Channel 5 series Summer on the Farm. She explained, however, she wishes to spend as much time with her kids as possible.  The TV star admitted it's "hard to split yourself three ways" as she discussed her home life in a recent interview.  "Life is a bit crazy with three children and I'm not going to lie, getting the kids to school is just chaos. It's hard to split yourself three ways," Helen explained.  "My work is unpredictable, it can be five days one week, then random days the next," she shared.  The presenter added to Hello magazine: “I don't want to commit to childcare as if I'm off I want to be with the kids, so my mum comes to stay when I'm working."