Rafael Nadal looks set to follow his initial comeback plan after withdrawing from Wimbledon with an abdominal injury. The world No 3 was bidding to win the Calendar Grand Slam when he was forced to pull out injured ahead of his semi-final with Nick Kyrgios but is now on track to return at the Montreal Masters after making “hotel reservations”. Nadal’s Wimbledon and Calendar Slam hopes came to an end when he was forced to withdraw from the tournament with an abdominal injury that had bothered him during his quarter-final against Taylor Fritz. The second seed beat the American in five sets, in a clash that saw his dad and sister urge him to retire injured. He later admitted he was unsure whether he’d pull up in time for his semi-final but spent the next day training before pulling out on the eve of his last-four clash with Kyrgios, confirming a scan had shown a 7mm tear in his abdomen. But the 36-year-old seemed positive he would be able to resume his original intended schedule of playing the Canada Masters before the US Open. And the tournament director of the Masters 1000 in Montreal - the host city for the ATP event this year while the WTA version will be staged in Toronto - has now provided an injury update, revealing that the world No 3 has already sorted his accommodation in the Canadian city, indicating he will have recovered in time. JUST IN: Matteo Berrettini issues LeBron apology and deletes 'offensive' post   "Nadal really wants to come to Montreal and his hotel rooms are already booked," tournament director for the Montreal edition of the Canada Masters, Eugene Lapierre, explained. He also revealed that the Spaniard would return to training today, 11 days after pulling out of Wimbledon. “He has asked us to send him a case of the balls we’re using for the tournament to prepare,” Lapierre continued. “He should return to training on Monday." When announcing his withdrawal from Wimbledon, Nadal admitted that it wouldn’t be long before he returned to the practice court though serves would remain off-limits. DON'T MISSNovak Djokovic tipped for new retirement benchmarkKyrgios shares private message from Stormzy before Wimbledon finalDjokovic's trick to breaking down Kyrgios' serve in Wimbledon final   “It going to be around between three, four weeks, normal thing for these kind of injuries,” he said during a press conference the evening before his scheduled semi-final. “So I hope these three, four weeks will allow me to do my normal calendar. That's the calendar that I have on mind. “I can't keep playing, not now, but in one week I going to be able to play from the baseline. Not serving for a while, of course. Playing from the baseline not going to be a big deal. In some way that's a positive thing, that I going to keep being able to practise from the baseline. That helps to try to make the calendar that I want to do.” 