The Targaryen family history is about to be explored centuries before Daenerys Targaryen (played by Emilia Clarke) took to the Iron Throne. HBO’s House of the Dragon finally has a full-length trailer to give Game of Thrones fans a first glimpse at the likes of Matt Smith, Paddy Considine and Olivia Cooke ahead of Comic-Con. However, not everyone is willing to give the prequel a shot - despite its action-packed trailer. Many fans have reacted to the new trailer to express their disdain for the GOT universe given how season eight ended on HBO. A number of fans were dissatisfied with how Game of Thrones wrapped up storylines for the likes of Jon Snow (Kit Harington), Arya Stark (Maisie Williams) and Daenerys. However, HBO hopes to win fans back with its first-look which includes the likes of King Viserys Targaryen (Considine), Prince Daemon Targaryen (Smith), Alicent Hightower (Cooke) and Princess Rhaenyra Targaryen (Emma D’Arcy) in Westeros. Reacting on Twitter, user and GOT fan @jojenite fumed: “Hard to be excited when we all know how it all ends. Should've reshoot seasons 7 and 8 without D&D and give us a proper ending.” READ MORE: Amanda Owen speaks out on new role ‘Jumped at the chance’ Brent Paterman echoed: “I would be excited but you all ruined Season 8.. go away.” While @playboi___danni argued: “There’s no reason to watch a prequel show if the original ends so disappointingly, regardless of who writes the prequel show.” And Okla Hannali simply questioned: “Is this gonna be s**t, too?” However, there was still plenty of support and excitement among the fandom, with @WeThrones tweeting: “#HouseoftheDragon. This show is coming to rule the world again. Kneel or run.” Those who still hold bitterness towards the GOT universe given its divisive ending may be won over by the fact House of the Dragon is penned by new writers. DB Weiss and David Benioff are no longer involved with conjuring up the scripts for the show. Instead, creator George RR Martin has collaborated with Ryan Condal and Miguel Sapochnik for the prequel. The series will also take place 200 years before the events of Game of Thrones, delving into the story of House Targaryen. DON'T MISS:Game of Thrones House of the Dragon release date, trailer, castHouse of the Dragon boss addresses big change to Targaryen sigilEmilia Clarke: Star on injury that left part of her brain missing Joining the aforementioned stars in the cast are a number of big names bound to add to the hype. Fabiel Frankel, Sonoya Mizuno, Rhys Ifans, Eve Best and Steve Toussaint are just a handful of stars who pop up in the trailer. The new promo also delivered on all the aspects of Westeros GOT fans have been accustomed to over the years. There's plenty of sword-fighting, long blonde locks and, arguably most importantly, dragons. There's also some exciting news away from House of the Dragon which is bound to get GOT fans excited. While the prequel will arrive in August, a spin-off centred on Jon Snow is reportedly also in the pipeline. Daenerys star Clarke recently confirmed Harington is heavily involved in the project, although little information on the series is publicly available. House of The Dragon premieres exclusively on Sky and NOW in the UK on Monday, August 22.