Barcelona could force Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel to rethink his transfer plans by giving Bayern Munich a boost in their pursuit of Blues target Matthijs de Ligt. Tuchel is desperate to strengthen in defence following the departures of Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen. The duo departed after their contracts expired at the end of June, joining Real Madrid and Barca, respectively. Chelsea are widely reported to have earmarked Dutch ace De Ligt to lead their defensive rebuild this summer, but face strong competition from Bundesliga champions Bayern. Juventus star De Ligt will likely cost either club close to his £103m release clause and Barca could put Bayern in the driving seat by signing striker Robert Lewandowski. The Catalan club have been strongly linked with the veteran goalscorer, who has gone public in his desire for a fresh challenge despite having a year left on his contract. Barca have put cash aside for their big-money targets after acquiring a couple of new signings on bargain free transfers. Christensen has arrived at the La Liga outfit from Chelsea, while Xavi Hernandez has also added midfielder Franck Kessie to his squad after the Ivorian left AC Milan. JUST IN: Chelsea 'track' Raphinha alternative as part of Boehly's back-up plan That could allow Xavi to target Lewandowski as part of a big summer rebuild of the Nou Camp outfit. The Poland international would be added to a forward line which was already replenished by the January additions of Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang from Arsenal and Ferran Torres from Manchester City. A big-money move for Lewandowski would give Bayern extra funds in their pursuit of De Ligt. German broadcaster Sport1 have already claimed that the Bavarians have a ‘verbal agreement’ with the 22-year-old centre-back, who joined Juve from Ajax in the summer of 2019. And Barca could yet dent Chelsea’s plans further if they beat the West Londoners to the signing of Sevilla defender Jules Kounde. Tuchel has chased the Frenchman since the beginning of last summer, and a protracted pursuit of the 23-year-old ultimately failed. Sevilla remained firm that Kounde would not be sold, much to the disappointment of the player. DON'T MISS...Ronaldo 'better signing than Sterling' as Chelsea told to sign starMan Utd and Juventus stars repeated same six-word line about RonaldoChelsea boss Thomas Tuchel to make 'final decision' on Ronaldo deal A slightly more financially stronger Barca have now entered that race after being left to scrap for signings ahead of last season. Kounde could be persuaded to remain in Spain and join one of La Liga’s biggest teams. That will give Tuchel a major issue as he continues to improve his defence. The German could need at least three new centre-backs - with the departures of key men Rudiger and Christensen leaving two gaping holes, while Thiago Silva will turn 38 in September. Alternatives to De Ligt and Kounde are sparse, and selling clubs are aware of Chelsea’s desperation for defenders. Josko Gvardiol seems set to remain at RB Leipzig, while Milan Skriniar could choose to join Paris Saint Germain from Inter Milan. Chelsea have been linked with moves for Presnel Kimpembe from PSG, Nathan Ake from Man City, and Jose Gimenez from Atletico Madrid. Tuchel will be keen for new chairman Todd Boehly to speed up the club’s transfer business.