By the time Breaking Bad concluded in 2013, the series had amassed a global fanbase thanks to Netflix, a slew of awards and a place in pop culture history as one of the greatest shows ever made. Fast-forward to 2022 and Breaking Bad’s prequel series Better Call Saul will be ending very soon with viewers eager to find out what’s next for universe of the show. The short and sad answer is no. Breaking Bad was always going to wrap up with a total of five seasons. Breaking Bad’s creator Vince Gilligan previously said he wanted the show to end on a high rather than going on for too long and losing viewers. His decision was due to his experience on The X-Files, a hit 90s series starring Gillian Anderson and David Duchovny The X-Files became a huge international show and catapulted Anderson and Duchovny’s star statuses soaring, however, it was cancelled after nine seasons by broadcaster FOX. READ MORE: Why was Breaking Bad nearly cancelled? Gilligan said with The X-Files, he realised people had stopped watching the drama and had moved on to other shows because the series had gone on too long. The acclaimed writer and producer said he had learned from The X-Files, and didn’t want to “leave the party too late” with fans “wanting more”. His decision seems to have been the right one with fans still clamouring for any new titbits and trivia from Breaking Bad now it’s over. Gilligan said he could have potentially spun out Breaking Bad to last for more seasons but felt ending at season five served the story, character and fans. "Y'know, as someone making money on the show, in very crass, basic terms, I would have loved for it to go on forever,” he told Digital Spy previously. Although the show didn’t come back for season six, there was El Camino: A Breaking Bad Movie in 2019, which followed Jesse Pinkman (played by Aaron Paul) after the death of Walter White (Bryan Cranston). El Camino also featured Breaking Bad alumni Jesse Plemons, Krysten Ritter, Charles Baker, Matt Jones, Robert Forster, Jonathan Banks, and Cranston. The movie received generally favourable reviews from the critics and lots of award nominations. Aside from this, it looks like Breaking Bad is done and dusted for now. Nonetheless, Breaking Bad’s prequel series Better Call Saul has already proved popular with fans. The show surpassed its predecessor and made it to six seasons with the final outing bringing audiences to the start of Breaking Bad. Once Better Call Saul has finished, bereft fans can watch the 2020 true crime documentary-series which served as the inspiration for Breaking Bad and its prequel. DON'T MISS...Julia Clark Downs title card: Who was Better Call Saul star? [INSIGHT]Better Call Saul: Why did Patrick Fabian leave as Howard Hamlin? [ANALYSIS]Better Call Saul season 6, episode 10 release time: When is it out? [EXPLAINER] Additionally, there’s the animated series Slippin’ Jimmy which focused on Saul Goodman (Bob Odenkirk) as a youngster in Illinois. Indeed, there could be more from the Breaking Bad universe at some point with American broadcaster AMC saying they were open to more. Executive Dan Dermott said: "I can tell you that if I could do anything to encourage [creators] Vince and Peter [Gould] to continue on in this universe, I would do it," He added to Variety: "I think you’d have to ask them, but the door is always open and I long for the day my phone rings and Vince, Peter or our friends at Sony call to say, ‘Hey, I think we have another show set in this universe'." Breaking Bad is streaming on Netflix UK now