Meghan Markle and Prince Harry reportedly met when they were set up on a blind date by a mutual friend. By the second date, Harry “was starting to think ‘this is pretty special’” and “in the first two months” the couple had gone “from 0 to 60”. In October 2016, it was first publicly reported that the two were officially dating. Fast forward almost a year, and Meghan showed her support by attending the Invictus Games with Harry. For the occasion, she wore a white shirt and jeans, but the shirt had a hidden message that perhaps foreshadowed her future with the Prince. Meghan and Harry made headlines when they stepped out together at this event. The pair were not only seen canoodling and smiling for the cameras but Meghan’s effortless yet chic style was displayed for one of the very first times. According to reports at the time, Meghan opted for a white shirt by one of her favourite designers, Misha Nanoo. It was said to be priced at £137 ($185) at the time, and the style was named The Husband. READ MORE: Kate and Princess Beatrice step out in almost matching dresses According to the website, the designer proclaims The Husband to be “the perfect white shirt”. “Modern, elegant, and chic - our Husband shirt is not your average button-up,” the description reads. “Stand out at board meetings with it tucked into a pencil skirt, or style it with jeans on your day off. “The Husband Shirt is a universally flattering power piece that will have you wondering how you ever lived without it.” DON'T MISS...5 foods to eat to stay cool in the heatwave [EXPERTS]Menopause weight loss: Best snack to 'improve metabolism' - expert [COMMENT]Keep peppers firm and fresh for 5 weeks with simple food storage hack [GUIDE] It is made from 100 percent crisp cotton poplin, and the oversized blouse features a button down front and pleat detail on the back. For the occasion, Meghan took the brand's style advice and paired The Husband shirt with blue ripped skinny jeans and dark sunglasses. Her hair was down and she wore what we now know as her trademark fine jewellery. To complete the look, Meghan wore flat pumps on her feet. READ MORE: Queen Letizia stuns in chic pastel blue suit and £42 shoes At the time, The Daily Mail claimed the shirt was “perhaps a subtle indication by Meghan that she won't be a single lady for much longer”. It’s never been officially confirmed by the Duchess herself that she chose this shirt for a specific reason. This is not the first time Meghan has perhaps chosen an item of clothing or accessory with “intent”. The Duchess showcased a new ring more recently by one of her favourite jewellery brands Shiffon Co. Shilpa Yarlagadda, who started the fine jewellery company in 2017 from her Harvard dorm room spoke about the “amazing moment” when Meghan wore her ring. She said: “Everything she does is with intention, thought and meaning behind the impact that she could have. “I know that when she's wearing a piece of jewellery, there's a lot of intention behind it.”