The SNP leader last month laid out her “route map” to handing Scots a second vote on their country’s place in the UK. This has begun with the publication of a series of policy papers which are intended to shine a light on the benefits of Scottish independence. The second of these, released late last week, argued that Scotland would be more democratic outside the UK – that “with independence, decisions about Scotland would be taken by the people who live here through their elected Scottish Parliament and government”. James Mitchell, Professor of Public Policy, Edinburgh University, has strongly criticised the document, jibing that to describe it as “disappointing would be to praise it too highly”. He argued that outside the UK, Scotland – especially under the leadership of the SNP – would simply replicate many of the worst aspects of Westminster and would fail to advance in the way of democracy. Professor Mitchell wrote in Holyrood Magazine: “The fear for supporters of self-government is that an independent Scotland would simply replicate much of the worst of Westminster. “What is on offer is not a proposal to renew democracy. This dismal, negative, uninspiring document suggests that the SNP would recreate a warped and discredited form of democracy, an independent Scotland that would simply be a little Britain. “A renewal of Scottish democracy is needed. It does not need to await independence.” Many commentators have also mocked Ms Sturgeon for arguing Scotland would be more democratic outside the UK but back in the EU. When laying out her “route map”, the First Minister lambasted the UK Tory Government, which she said had “ripped us out of the EU against our will”. READ MORE: Widdecombe lambasts Tories for keeping quiet on free speech Dr Stuart Waiton, a sociologist and lecturer at Abertay University in Dundee, has suggested that her party would be "terrified if Scotland actually became independent”. He told GB News that because of its attachment to the Brussels bloc, the SNP is “not really [an] independence party in any real sense”. Professor Mitchell takes particular issue with the paper’s claim to demonstrate “that only independence can provide the assurance that Scotland’s democracy can thrive and its democratic institutions be protected”. DON'T MISS: Hated Brexit deal ‘could shatter UK’ [OPINION] Farage blasts those blaming conflict in Ukraine for inflation [NEWS] Britons blast Tories and Labour who are ‘as bad as each other’ [OPINION] He responded: “It does no such thing.” Instead, the Professor argued that there is much the SNP can do while Scotland is still in the UK to improve its democratic standing. He wrote: “It is easy to imagine a renewal of Scottish democracy without independence. “It could start by reversing the SNP’s centralisation and by being much more open and transparent. “What damns this document is the failure to engage with debate on the kind of democracy we need.” The notion that Westminster “embodies the notion of unlimited sovereignty to legislate on all matters” was, he added, “utterly fanciful”.