Mussrat Bibi, 41, added that her entire household has been sick with a tummy bug following the incident, said to have happened at Hollyfield Primary School in Sutton Coldfield, near Birmingham. Now she has pulled her children out of the school, which caters for around 400 pupils.  All products from pork, carrion and blood are haram - or forbidden - in Islam. The school, rated as Good by Ofsted after its last inspection in 2017, apologised "if any mistakes were made in this instance". Ms Bibi, who has eight children aged two to 19, said: "I couldn't see my children - the way they were really ill. They have never had issues with food I've been making at home. "It passed around. The hospital said it passed around in the family. It turned into a bug and that bug has spread all around the family." In the UK, Muslims buy their meat from a Halal butcher whenever possible, reports Birmingham Live. Muslims also do not generally consume meat or food that contains animal fats. This is in case it contains pork fat or fat from other animals not ritually slaughtered. Calling on the school to "do a better job" for other Muslim children, Ms Bibi continued: "They need to fix up. They need to mend their ways. They need to write it on the system [if] they don't do any halal food. They should have told me in the first place. "I'll no longer be taking the kids there, to that school, after what's happened. My children come first." Hollyfield Primary School, which is in the Reddicap Heath neighbourhood, says it will review its food system to "reduce further the risk of this sort of thing happening again". A spokesperson for Hollyfield Primary School said: "We are sorry if any mistakes were made in this instance. We have a system in place for children with dietary requirements who have school lunches, issuing badges for the children so staff can clearly see what those requirements are. We will of course review our system to ensure it is even more robust to reduce further the risk of this sort of thing happening again."