Omar Lye-Fook  joined the cast of EastEnders in a dramatic and mysterious fashion, driving through the centre of the market and performing to the Queen Vic's punters on the piano. It was quickly unveiled that Omar, who plays Avery Baker, was in fact Mitch Baker's (played by Roger Griffiths) estranged older brother. Mitch wasn't exactly best pleased to see him again but the truth of why Avery had paid him a visit soon came out. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from EastEnders.After a row with Mitch, Avery collapsed and was rushed to the hospital as it was thought he had a heart attack. Avery's sons Finley (Ashley Byam) and Felix (Harry Landis), who showed up as his drag queen alter ego Tara Misu, revealed their dad had terminal cancer. Reluctantly, Mitch agreed to put the past behind him to spend as much time as he could with his brother before his demise. In tonight's episode [Monday, July 18], Avery's fond farewell scenes come sooner than expected. READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes slams 'hypocritical' Prince Harry over climate change As Avery was too weak to go to an old restaurant he and Mitch used to love, the family throws the former a Caribbean-themed party at the launderette. Avery is grateful to Karen Taylor (Lorraine Stanley) and the rest of the family for making such an effort for him. Nearing the end of the evening, Avery sits down with his younger brother to toast to the day. They start to reminisce about their childhood when Avery unexpectedly dies during their heartwarming conversation. Actor and singer Omar Lye-Fook MBE hasn't officially explained why he is leaving EastEnders so soon. He is best known for his musical work, including songs like There's Nothing Like This, Keep Steppin', Your Loss My Gain and Saturday. Going by his Instagram page, Lye-Fook has his ninth album on the way and has some concerts at The Jazz Cafe in London lined up to keep him busy. He also a couple of upcoming acting projects in the pipeline, according to his IMDB page. DON'T MISS...BBC Breakfast viewers switch off over heatwave coverage 'This is pathe [REACTION]Letitia Dean ditched 'extreme dieting' to lose weight - 'incredible' [HEALTH]EastEnders theory: Kat Slater murdered on her wedding day [THEORY] Lye-Fook will be starring in the comedy-horror The Psycho List about a man becoming a serial killer during a global pandemic. He is also going to be in the romantic drama Love Without Walls which delves into the lives of a homeless married couple with a passion for music. Both of these projects are currently in post-production so could be out later this year. So while it appears Lye-Fook has got plenty to keep him busy, Avery may have been briefly introduced as part of a longer-term storyline. It's been revealed that Avery has a big secret that will only be discovered after his death. It is in the Queen Vic that Karen is going to hand Mitch a letter that she found from Avery. But what will the secret be and how is it going to impact Mitch? EastEnders is available to watch four nights a week at 7.30pm on BBC One.