In 2015, One Direction announced they were going on a hiatus, leaving their fans absolutely devastated. Less than a year later, in 2016, it was confirmed that the band were completely splitting up. Since then, a reunion has been spoken about frequently by punters, Directioners, and the band themselves. Harry Styles has mostly stayed out of the conversation - until now. He has revealed how "nice" a reunion would be, but there are some caveats. Harry is easily the most popular former 1D member around. The star has not only had three exceptional number-one solo albums, but his acting career has exploded in Hollywood. Just last year, for example, he made a triumphant arrival in the Marvel Cinematic Universe movie Eternals. Later this year, two of his big-budget movies will hit cinemas: Don't Worry Darling and My Policeman. In a rare interview, he has now spoken about the elephant in the room: Would he go back to One Direction? Harry at first said he "didn't know" how he would feel about the band getting back together. Then he added: "The thought of it is really nice." However, Harry did hint that it was not something he wanted to explore at this moment in time. The Watermelon Sugar star continued: "I’d love for there to be a time where it felt like something we all wanted to do." READ MORE: One Direction Liam Payne 'hated' 1D star - 'He was wild' Harry thought about it a little more, adding: "Yeah, I think if there’s a moment for us to do it in the right way, I think it’d be great." The star also addressed the relationships between the former members of One Direction. He confirmed: "I think we all went through something really special together, and there’s a lot of love there." (Via Spout Podcast) Harry's confidence in a One Direction reunion may affect the odds in the near future. DON'T MISS...One Direction Liam Payne 'hated' 1D star - 'He was wild' [INFO]One Direction reunion odds boosted for 1D Glastonbury 2023 line-up [NEWS]Harry Styles heartbreak as he opens up on 'not feeling cool enough' [INSIGHT] At the moment, Ladbrokes have given 1D an impressive 6/4 on getting back together next year. The bookies' Alex Apati said: "A 2022 reunion looks unlikely, but Directioners won't have to wait long to see the band back together if the latest odds are anything to go by." But Harry's confirmation that there is a "lot of love" between the band is a stark contrast to the picture painted by Liam Payne recently. Payne opened up while talking on the Impaulsive podcast, where he gave a harrowing look into the state of the relationships between 1D. Payne confirmed there were a lot of things he "disliked" about Zayn Malik. He added: "There’s many reasons why I’ll always, always be on his side. You can always look at the man for where he is and say: 'Whatever, that guy’s a d**k.' But at the end of the day, once you understand what he’s been through to get to that point and also if he even wanted to be there." He also hit out at Louis Tomlinson, saying: "Louis was wild. He wanted to be wild. He’s got this spirit ... In the band, we hated each other. Like, to come to blows hate each other, it was close." Now, however, he revealed they had patched things up, calling them "best mates". SOURCE / SOURCE