During Friday's BBC Breakfast, Naga Munchetty and Charlie Stayt became distracted after watching a segment of Hollywood star Steve Carell's Cbeebies bedtime story, which will air on Friday night. The 59-year-old mastered a particular eyebrow manoeuvre for the role, and the BBC presenters couldn't help but try it themselves. As Charlie kept asking Naga to attempt it for the cameras, she resolutely insisted she couldn't, looking uncomfortable and repeating: "No, no, no!" It came as Naga introduced a preview of tonight's children's bedtime story favourite, this time with the well-known actor. She stated: "Harry Styles, Tim Peake, the Duchess of Cambridge - what do they have in common? "Well, they're among famous faces to have read the nation's children a bedtime story." Charlie continued: "So tonight, Hollywood actor Steve Carell will be in the Cbeebies' bedtime stories' chair, he'll be reading from the Eyebrows of Doom, the book about the adventures of a bear and a mischievous pair of eyebrows." READ MORE: America’s Got Talent: viewers left in tears after ‘emotional’ audition A clip showed Steve moving his brows around enthusiastically while reading the story. The presenters were laughing as they reappeared on camera, with Charlie commenting: "Oh, I'm liking that!" "You're going to start fiddling with your eyebrows now, aren't you?" Naga asked. "I do like it," Charlie replied, seeming impressed by the unique ability. "It's fabulous," Naga remarked. "I can't do the one eyebrow thing, can you?" She turned to Charlie and added: "You know when you raise one..." She briefly attempted to do so while facing Charlie, away from the main camera. "Let's see it, camera five, let's see," Charlie called as Naga appeared mortified. "No, no, I can't do it!" She commented, while Charlie went on: "Go on, on camera five." DON'T MISS... Simon McCoy gives view on Meghan inquiry 'Queen doesn't want pressure [LATEST]Coronation Street theory: Audrey Roberts dies at hands of relative [THEORY]Meghan Markle fuels presidential bid rumours after Washington hint [VIDEO] Waving her finger, Naga repeated: "No, no, no, no, no! I can't do it, I can't do it." Turning towards Carol Kirkwood for her weather update, Naga pointed out: "Oh! Carol can!" Carol showed how she could raise one eyebrow as Naga added: "I knew Carol could, I could see her out of the corner of my eye... there you go." "That was like Elvis!" Charlie said, impressed with the meteorologist. "Yes, well... what can I say?" Carol responded. "Many resemblances to myself and Elvis, actually, but we'll just leave it at that." She went on to provide a weather forecast as she promised Naga "some sun". The popular CBeebies show sees celebrities reading children's stories to help them drift off in the evenings. As well as royal faces, the likes of Tom Hardy, Suranne Jones, Chris Evans and Jessica Ennis-Hill have taken part, narrating popular kids' books. BBC Breakfast airs weekdays from 6am on BBC One.