Tiggy, 58, said: “While I’m delighted to see that another innocent victim of this appalling scandal is being vindicated, it’s amazing to me that no criminal charges have been levelled against those responsible, yet.” The fabricated allegations arose as journalist Martin Bashir tried to persuade Diana to be interviewed for Panorama in 1995. Bashir, 59, is also alleged to have tricked Diana into believing Ms Legge-Bourke, now known as Alexandra Pettifer, had become pregnant by Prince Charles, by showing the Princess a fake receipt for an abortion. After the BBC apologised at the High Court, director-general Tim Davie said it would never again show the programme or licence another broadcaster to do so. He expressed his regret that the BBC did not fully investigate warning signs in the immediate aftermath of the infamous broadcast that the interview might have been obtained improperly. Mr Davie said: “Had we done our job properly, Princess Diana would have known the truth during her lifetime. We let her, the Royal Family and our audiences down.” Mrs Pettifer, 57, who worked for Charles from 1993 to 1999 and looked after William and Harry, was at the London court to hear the BBC’s grovelling apology. Her solicitor Louise Prince said that Mrs Pettifer had not known the source of the “totally unfounded” allegations over the last 25 years, but that it was now likely that the “false and malicious allegations arose as a result and in the context of BBC Panorama’s efforts to procure an exclusive interview with Diana, Princess of Wales.” Ms Prince said the allegations “appeared to exploit some prior false speculation in the media” about Charles and the-then Miss Legge-Bourke. “After Diana, Princess of Wales, became aware of the allegations in late 1995, she became upset with the claimant without apparent justification.” Ms Prince said Mrs Pettifer “holds the BBC liable for the serious impact the false and malicious allegations have had”. The lawyer added: “Had the BBC not fallen short, the claimant and her family could have been spared 25 years of lies, suspicion and upset.” The broadcaster has overhauled its editorial standards, training and whistleblowing process after a huge cover-up over the Bashir scandal. In a scathing report last year, the ex-Master of the Rolls Lord Dyson concluded that the BBC had covered up “deceitful behaviour” used by Bashir to secure the headline-making interview with Diana, criticising the methods employed. This included using fake bank statements and showing them to Earl Spencer to gain access to the Princess, who subsequently died in a car crash in Paris on August 31, 1997. In yesterday’s short hearing, the court was told that in October 1995 the BBC was at a “critical stage” in negotiations with Diana on her appearing on Panorama at the same time as she told her solicitor that Miss Legge-Bourke had had an abortion. In December 1995, Diana publicly confronted Miss Legge-Bourke with the abortion allegation before telling a senior member of the Royal Household that she had a hospital letter proving the abortion happened. Ms Prince said: “As the allegation of an abortion was totally false, any such letter could only have been fabricated. “[Mrs Pettifer] was extremely upset and confused by these events. She felt she had to prove to others that the allegations were completely untrue by revealing highly sensitive matters, including private medical information. “Sadly Diana, Princess of Wales could not be convinced, even when incontrovertible evidence was presented.” After the hearing yesterday, Mrs Pettifer said she was “disappointed” that legal action had been needed: “Sadly, I am one of many people whose lives have been scarred by the deceitful way in which the BBC Panorama was made and the BBC’s subsequent failure to properly investigate the making of the programme." “The distress caused to the Royal Family is a source of great upset to me. I know first-hand how much they were affected at the time, and how the programme and the false narrative it created have haunted the family in the years since." “Especially because, still today, so much about the making of the programme is yet to be adequately explained.” Jonathan Scherbel-Ball, representing the BBC in court, said the broadcaster was “extremely sorry for the serious and prolonged harm caused to the claimant and the historical investigative shortcomings”. Royal aides at Clarence House and Kensington Palace declined to comment but Prince William previously issued an unprecedented recorded statement fiercely criticising the BBC for its failings over his mother’s Panorama appearance after the Dyson inquiry was published. He blamed Bashir and the BBC for feeding her “fear, paranoia, and isolation”. Royal biographer Margaret Holder said that she believed Bashir “who was unknown in royal circles... had at least one accomplice who fed him titbits about Charles, Diana, their families and staff so that he could manufacture his falsehoods, some backed up by fabricated documents.” She said the scandal set off a chain of events that led to divorce for the fearful Diana, who became a target for gold-diggers. But she added: “Despite her affairs and the bitterness of her divorce, she retained her love for Charles until the end of her life. And that may give her divided sons some comfort.” Mr Davie said: “Now we know about the shocking way the interview was obtained, I have decided that the BBC will never show the programme again nor will we licence it. “There may be occasions in the future when it will be justified for the BBC to use short extracts for journalistic purposes, but these will be few and far between and will need to be agreed at executive committee level and set in the full context of what we now know.” The BBC previously agreed to pay Diana’s former private secretary Patrick Jephson a “substantial sum” in damages, alongside ex-Panorama producer Mark Killick who was sacked after raising concerns. Mr Killick said yesterday: “The length of time it has taken for the BBC to apologise and pay damages is yet more proof that the BBC is dragging its feet." "The BBC remains extremely reluctant to confront any issue that was not specifically covered by Lord Dyson." “Its attitude is hardly likely to give confidence to whistle-blowers. Tim Davie...deserves credit for the steps he has taken but whether the BBC has done enough to prevent a scandal like this from happening again remains to be seen.”