Former Aston Villa striker Gabby Agbonlahor believes that Manchester United will need to make ten signings this summer as he does not see Erik ten Hag’s side finishing in the top four this season. The Red Devils have “so many problems” according to Agbonlahor as their Dutch manager is yet to make his first Old Trafford signing. United are closing in on the signing of Frenkie de Jong from Barcelona after agreeing a £56million deal for the playmaker, but Agbonlahor believes they need to do much more this window and sign up to nine players in addition to De Jong. “Yes, he’s a good signing but that’s just a start,” Agbonlahor told Football Insider. “I love Frenkie de Jong. He’s very good on the ball, very good at passing, he can start off attacks, but Manchester United need so much more. “They need eight or nine more good players. They need centre-halves, they need another right-back, another left-back to cover Luke Shaw’s injuries. They need defensive midfielders, wingers, they need another striker. They’ve got so many problems that this season coming, I don’t see them finishing in the top-four again.” READ MORE: Arsenal make move to beat Man Utd to Lisandro Martinez with 'improved offer' United are closing in on several new signings, as they look to have gazumped Lyon to sign full-back Tyrell Malacia from Feyenoord and Christian Eriksen reportedly has also verbally agreed to join the Red Devils over Brentford. Agbonlahor believes there is a worry that United may fall further behind the top four if key areas are not addressed in the squad. “We could come to a situation where the norm is Manchester United not playing Champions League football,” Agbonlahor added. “Unless they win the Europa League because they just don’t look anywhere near, quality-wise, as close as Manchester City, Liverpool, Chelsea and even Spurs now. Spurs are bringing in good players, Arsenal are coming a bit closer to top-four as well. DON'T MISSArsenal's transfer window in danger of collapsing with three deals now in major doubtLeeds 'submit transfer request' for former Arsenal target amid Raphinha uncertaintyTottenham told £34m target won't be seventh signing as Conte given transfer deadline “So, Manchester United for me are in big trouble and Frenkie de Jong is only the start. That’s like ten per cent of the problem sorted, they’ve got so much work to do. “Ten Hag is under pressure straight away. Everyone is going to be after them, everyone will be criticising ten Hag so he has to really start the first five or six games with a good tally of points because Manchester United are a team everyone is enjoying having a bad time.“ United may look to bring in a striker this summer after Cristiano Ronaldo asked the club to accept a suitable offer for the Portuguese legend. Chelsea have been mooted as a potential landing spot for the 37-year-old, as owner Todd Boehly reportedly likes the idea of Ronaldo at Stamford Bridge, but there is a chance that Blues boss Thomas Tuchel vetoes the idea.