Ajax have stunningly increased their £68million asking price for Antony in a bid to fend off interest from Manchester United. The Dutch giants have already lost Erik ten Hag and Lisandro Martinez to the Red Devils and they're not prepared to bow down to United for a third time this summer as they look to retain their highly-rated Brazilian for the 2022/23 campaign. The Eredivisie have also lost Sebastien Haller, Ryan Gravenberch, Noussair Mazraoui and Nicolas Tagliafico since the end of last season and now Ajax look to have drawn the line on outgoings. Initially, Ajax were asking for a whopping £68m in order to sell Antony but now they have put extra measures in place to prevent a deal from happening. Last week, Antony's agent was in Manchester for further talks with United and Ajax have been privately asked to reduce their asking price in fear that the forward will be denied his dream move to the Premier League. However, in savage fashion, De Telegraaf are reporting that Ajax have in fact decided to raise their valuation as part of their plan to keep Antony at all costs. READ MORE: Man Utd 'handed Cristiano Ronaldo loan ultimatum by Jorge Mendes' involving new contract It's claimed Ajax are now after £84m plus bonuses - a price nobody is likely to match this summer in a body blow for Manchester United. While Antony is not deemed an essential signing, he is high on Ten Hag's shortlist as Cristiano Ronaldo's future hangs in the balance. It has been suggested in the English press that United have already made a £50m offer earlier in the transfer window that was unsuccessful. Dutch journalists have since played down those reports, stating Ajax are still yet to receive an offer for Antony. READ MOREFrenkie de Jong 'handed Barcelona pay-cut ultimatum' over mega-money £72m Man Utd transferRed Bull Salzburg respond as Man Utd enter fray for teenage sensation Benjamin SeskoManchester United set to play unexpected role in Jules Kounde transfer saga Furthermore, it had also been speculated that Ajax were willing to lower their price tag for Antony in order to push through a deal but those claims are seemingly wide of the mark. Ajax boss Alfred Schreuder recently made it clear that he was not expecting any other players to depart Amsterdam, he said: “No, no. We have sold a certain amount of players and I am expecting nobody else to leave. “We talk on a daily basis. It would be bad for us if we would lose another starting player." He has since added on Antony: "Internally we have agreed that we want to keep the current squad together. Nobody wants to sell him. "Antony is working well. I don't have the feeling that he's busy with a transfer." United are facing plenty of challenges in their pursuit of new recruits after their move for Frenkie de Jong also hit a brick wall. The Holland international has made it abundantly clear he wants to remain with Barcelona and even if he does depart Camp Nou - Chelsea are reportedly his preferred destination of choice. Ten Hag must now decide if he's prepared to wait around for something to change or alternatively, whether he's ready to move on to other targets.