 Martin Brundle made a hilarious comment about Mo Salah’s new Liverpool contract moments before the British Grand Prix. The Sky Sports pundit also revealed his opinions on football as he worked his way through the chaotic grid.  The hilarious comment came as Brundle asked Liverpool defender Trent Alexander-Arnold how he felt about Salah’s new Liverpool contract extension. Moments later, Brundle admitted he didn’t actually know anything about the deal and has just been told to ask about it through his earpiece. The former driver also admitted he didn’t really follow football in the hilarious slip. He said: “That Mo Salah bit came in my ear…I’m not gonna pretend… I really do not follow Football and was told to say Mo Salah.” READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton 'dying' for Mercedes to solve issues after injury    However, Alexander-Arnold appeared more enthusiastic about Salah’s new deal. When asked if he was happy the Egyptian had signed, the Liverpool star said: “Course, of course, hopefully a few more years with him to win more trophies.” Alexander-Arnold said he was on the grid for the first time but hoped he could attend more in the future. He admitted he loved F1 and was so excited” to be here. When asked what he liked about F1, he explained: “The excitement, The fact it's both a team sport and an individual sport at the same time. It’s an amazing sport. I grew up watching it with my dad and my family so I’ve always supported the sport.” When asked about his road car collection, he added: “Not as nice as these. These machines are something very special.” DON'T MISS Lewis Hamilton steals Lando Norris hat ahead of British Grand Prix  [INSIGHT]Helmut Marko accuses Charles Leclerc of hampering Max Verstappen [ANALYSIS]George Russell fires warning to Lewis Hamilton ahead of British GP [COMMENT]    Brundle’s grid walk at Silverstone was also filled with several notable moments. He enjoyed a few awkward seconds with Hollywood superstar Tom Cruise who admitted he was a big fan of Lewis Hamilton. Moments later he stumbled across a man celebrating his 50th birthday who then protested that he wasn't a celebrity after Brundle stuck a microphone near his mouth for a response. Other celebrities to make an appearance on the grid included Stormzy, Gordon Ramsay and Jackie Stewart.