Jeff has played the formidable Cain on Emmerdale for over two decades, with the father of four never really showing his vulnerable side. In recent scenes, viewers of the ITV soap have seen a completely different side to the character as he learnt his mother, Faith Dingle (played by Sally Dexter) had terminal cancer and was going to die from the illness. Having never had a close relationship with her, Cain has struggled to know whether he should support her or not - but off-camera, the actors could not be closer. In this week's episodes, the Dingle family will learn Faith's cancer treatment has not worked. Therefore, her death will be playing out sooner rather than later, with a special episode seeing Cain and his sister Chas Dingle (Lucy Pargeter) discuss the prospect of their mother dying. Speaking on Tuesday's edition of ITV's Lorraine, Jeff explained his sorrow over Sally exiting as Faith in the coming months in her final storyline. The actor said: "I'm so upset about losing Sally Dexter, though. There are a few actors who come onto the set and you just can't take your eyes off them and what they do. "We were doing something just last night and I was just mesmerised watching her. She's so good and she's just a joy to work with. "She's a great human being and I'm so sad we're losing her." READ MORE: Why did Aunt Joan leave Doc Martin? The soap star has already addressed what viewers can expect from Thursday's episode, which will see Cain explain why he has struggled to let go of the resentment towards his mother. Faith left her son with alcoholic Shadrach Dingle (Andy Devine) when he was 10 years old, a man who wasn't even his birth father. Jeff has said ahead of the emotional and heart-wrenching instalment: "Filming these scenes was a genuine and emotional experience. "These episodes are beautifully written and great to act and I am pleased to have been given the opportunity for people to see another side of Cain." His co-star Lucy, has also offered her take on the episodes, stating: "Chas is desperate for her brother to reconnect with their mother before it's too late." "And these scenes really explore the reasons behind their complicated relationship," the soap star continued to explain. "Chas and Cain have a real heart-to-heart and I loved having the opportunity to explore their past once again. "The scenes were emotional to film and I'm really looking forward to seeing how they come together as part of a really moving episode." Sally recently confirmed this storyline would be her last and how sad she was to be leaving the show after five years. Speaking about her exit, she said: "It’s devastating. I think [the storyline] is excellent. I haven’t read the scripts for her death." DON'T MISS...Nicola Wheeler health: Emmerdale star opens up about operation [COMMENT]Charley Webb leaves Emmerdale co-stars in tears with moving clip [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Charley Webb laments 'crying, screaming and arguing' kids [COMMENT] "But I’m hoping it’s as positive as it can be. This isn’t just a story about cancer; it’s a wider story about family," she explained. Sally added: "That great thing about death is the thing that happens before it, that thing called life, and all the love that goes with it. "I’d love it if everyone watching had a little bottle of gin, to toast her! "Even though I think it’s the right thing, it’s quite devastating because I’m going to leave behind people I really care about, like Jeff, Lucy and Natalie [J Robb]," she told TV Times. It's not yet known when the character's departure will air but after hearing the treatment isn't working to subdue the cancer, Faith will refuse to have any more chemotherapy. In the same episode, where Chas and Cain talk through the night about their childhood, Faith will also speak about her own mortality. She will confide in her dear friends Eric Pollard (Chris Chittell) and Brenda Walker (Lesley Dunlop), who will be heartbroken over her decision. The beloved character will reflect on her relationships with her children and what she would have done differently with her life. Faith's secondary cancer diagnosis was announced back in May, during a week of special episodes, when she told Moira Barton (Robb) about why she'd been acting suspiciously. At the time of the announcement, Sally addressed exploring this new storyline after her character bravely told her family about her breast cancer a few years ago. The actress said: "It’s upsetting, but really important as a storyline because it’s more than a storyline for so many people. “It matters to people who are going through it as well as people who will go through it. I feel a sense of real responsibility, but also a privilege to be doing this storyline." Producer Laura Shaw added: "Faith’s devastating cancer diagnosis will impact not only her life but all those around her. “Given the calibre of actor Sally is, I know she will approach the story with great honesty and depth and do it justice. "And this in turn will raise awareness of such an important issue that affects many people on a daily basis.” Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.