When appearing on a 2020 episode of the Ellen DeGeneres show, Ford was shown a picture of himself looking fit on a bike with his ripped arms exposed. After a roar from the audience the chat show host asked if he had been working out a lot to which he replied: “I don't work out like crazy; I just, I work out a bit. I ride bikes and I play tennis a little bit.” Ford freely opened up about his diet revealing the one thing he found that is “really not good for [him].” Confessing that he had cut down his diet down to just “vegetables and fish” with no dairy or no meat, Ford called the diet “boring” but the results on his health are hard to deny. "I just decided I was tired of eating meat… and I know it's not really good for the planet… and it's not really good for me,” Ford continued to say. The NHS explains that meat is a good source of protein, vitamins and minerals in the diet. However, if individuals are eating more than 90 grams of both red or processed meat in a day, the Department of Health and Social Care advises that they cut down. This is because some meats are high in saturated fat, which can raise blood cholesterol levels. Some red and processed meats are also connected to bowel cancer.  DON'T MISS: Eyesight: Drink loved by the nation may 'affect your vision' as you age, experts warn  The NHS goes further and provides tips and tricks for every meal and the recommended amounts of meat for certain meals like a full English breakfast. For example, a singular portion of Sunday roast should include three thin-cut slices of roast lamb, beef or pork, each about the size of half a slice of sliced bread and a cooked breakfast should consist of two standard British sausages, around 9cm long, and two thin-cut rashers of bacon. For some individuals there can be tell-tale signs and symptoms that they are eating too much meat. One of the most common has been nicknamed as the “meat sweats” were halfway through a meal individuals start to sweat profusely. Although not a professionally recognised condition, and one that hasn’t been researched, it is known that when you eat, your body has to exert some energy into digesting and processing that food. This process is known as “diet-induced thermogenesis”, and can actually raise your body temperature slightly.  Since protein is the most energy-intensive to digest, it can have a bigger effect on these process of thermogenesis, meaning that a huge steak could actually heat up the individual and cause them to sweat more as a result. In addition, all the energy needed to digest a meat-heavy meal could have the added symptom of making individuals feel sluggish, foggy, or sleepy after eating. It is important to note that sticking to a small, recommended amount of both processed and red meat will not cause any harm to your health. In fact, red meat provides individuals with iron, zinc and B vitamins such as B12, which is needed to form red blood cells. Eating a healthy balanced diet can protect against various diseases and illnesses such as diabetes, heart disease, stroke and cancer. In fact, both an unhealthy diet and lack of physical activity are leading global risks to health.  The NHS notes that the key to a healthy diet is to eat the right amount of calories for how active you are. This is so individuals balance the energy they consume with the energy they use. It's recommended that men have around 2,500 calories a day (10,500 kilojoules) and women should have around 2,000 calories a day (8,400 kilojoules). Eight helpful tips and tricks in order to eat healthily include: 