 Meghan Markle stood by her husband Prince Harry’s side as he delivered a keynote speech to mark Nelson Mandela Day on Monday. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex travelled to New York to attend the United Nations' informal meeting held by the General Assembly to mark the special day. While Meghan watched proudly from the audience, Harry spoke about climate change and poverty, making references to Nelson Mandela's life and legacy and what has been learnt from the late South African president's struggle.  Their outing marks the couple’s first joint public engagement since the Platinum Jubilee, which saw Meghan and Harry come together with the Royal Family for the first time in over two years. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex stepped down from their senior roles within the Firm in January 2020; they relocated to Montecito, California, an affluent suburb in Santa Barbara, where they now reside with their two children — three-year-old Archie Harrison and one-year-old Lilibet Diana. Reports of tension between the Sussexes and the Royal Family were circulating years before their exit, and one royal commentator has claimed that tensions were brewing at the time of Meghan and Harry’s engagement interview. In keeping with royal tradition, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex sat down for their first joint interview in November 2017, soon after Harry had proposed. READ MORE: Prince Harry drops his own Archewell foundation in speech as he rallies charity support  Speaking during Channel 5’s 2022 documentary ‘Harry & Meghan Vs The Monarchy’, Ashley Pearson said: “The engagement interview was when things really started to sour.” During the interview, Meghan was asked whether her family had “worried at all about the scale of what you’re getting into?” In response, the bride-to-be said: “Well, I’m sure at the onset, both of my parents and my close friends were concerned. “I did not have any understanding of just what it would be like.”  She added: "I'm from the States, you don’t grow up with the same understanding of the Royal Family and so while I now understand very clearly, there’s a global interest there. "I didn’t know much about him [Harry], and so the only thing that I had asked her [mutual friend who set them up on a blind date] when she said that she wanted to set us up, was, I had one question. I said: 'Well is he nice?'” Later in the interview, Harry said: “[I] tried to warn you [Meghan] as much as possible but I think both of us were totally surprised by the reaction after the first five, six months (which) we had to ourselves, with what actually happened from then. "I think you can have as many conversations as you want and try and prepare as much as possible. But we were totally unprepared for what happened after that."  "I still have to have some pretty frank conversations with her to say, you know: ‘What you're letting yourself in for ... it's a big deal and it's not ... easy for anybody'.” Meghan became the centre of a media frenzy as soon as her romance with the prince came to light. The pair later cited their struggle with the attention as a contributing factor to their exit from the Firm. A year after their departure, the couple sat down with friend and legendary chat show host Oprah Winfrey for a tell-all interview about their experiences in the Firm.  Meghan reiterated her lack of knowledge about the Royal Family upon entering the fold during the interview, adding that she had not been well-prepared by Palace staff. She told Oprah: "I never looked up my husband online. ”I just didn't feel the need to, because everything that I needed to know, he was sharing with me — or everything we thought I needed to know, he was telling me." Meghan’s claims were subsequently picked apart, with some keen-eyed royal watchers turning to the Duchess’ pre-royal blog, The Tig, which featured an entry mentioning Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge’s wedding.  The former actress wrote: “Little girls dream of being princesses. I, for one, was all about She-Ra, Princess of Power,” observing “grown women seem to retain this childhood fantasy. “Just look at the pomp and circumstance surrounding the royal wedding and endless conversation about Princess Kate.”