Emmerdale star Jeff Hordley plays long-term character Cain Dingle and has been a key member of the ITV soap since 2000. Jeff has been a part of some hard-hitting storylines, which include kidnapping and claims of arson. However, the actor recently admitted he didn't think he would be a part of the show for as long as he has. Before becoming famous for his role in Emmerdale, Jeff had a passion for music and had a short stint as a DJ. Whilst joining Lorraine on her ITV talk show, she asked: "Do you still DJ?" to which Jeff revealed: "I do, yes! "I am doing something in Manchester, which is called One Deck Wednesday, so that would be good! I can play what I want, and it is great fun! "That has been my out-of-work acting job, talking earlier about being an actor, and you always need something else." READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Amy Wyatt claims her second victim in revenge plot Lorraine added: "Have another string to your bow! Just in case because you never know, it is always kind of, you never can tell! "And it is always difficult because, your kids, maybe they will want to do the same thing, and you want to encourage them, of course, but not everybody is lucky enough to have a solid job." Jeff teased: "It still might be! I have been lucky, and I have been blessed! I remember starting years ago and thinking, 'Well, I won't be getting a mortgage'. "After two years of acting, I thought, well, this is going to be tough." The pair also touched on the development of Cain recently after it was revealed his mother, Faith Dingle (Sally Dexter), was dying of cancer. Lorraine expressed: "We have seen a more vulnerable side to Cain, you know him inside out after playing him for 22 years, what do you think of him?" Jeff admitted: "He is a very complex character. It isn't as simple as he is a product of what happened to him as a child. "It explained an awful lot, and I think that is why he is the way he is, he is not this kind of thug, he has become more than two-dimensional, and I've seen that because I have been there so long." DON'T MISS...Emmerdale theory: Sandra Flaherty not Liv's mother as past exposed [LATEST]Emmerdale theory: Faith Dingle to blame for Sarah Sugden's death [INSIGHT]Emmerdale theory: Charles Anderson becomes new village serial killer [WATCH] Jeff hasn't been in the soap for 22 years straight as he left in 2006 to try and pursue other areas of acting. The producers left the door open for him to return, and many are grateful that he did. Jeff recently opened up to Mike Artistiks Ego Podcast about his reasons for leaving. "From 2000 until 2006, I'd only been four years out of drama school. I hadn't ticked all of the boxes that I wanted to tick. "There were a couple of places where I wanted to work in London. I wanted to fulfil those things. So for three years, I did that." During the interview with Lorraine, Jeff revealed that certain scenes that they had filmed which were coming up took him by surprise as it was a side to Cain that he had never seen before. Emmerdale has been airing for 50 years and is set to celebrate the show's success in the coming months with some explosive storylines around the corner. Soap boss Jane Hudson has recently teased the 50th anniversary and admitted viewers were in for a shock. She told Entertainment Daily: "Our focus at the moment is to really build those stories so when we get to our Golden Month of Celebration, we’ve got secrets that the viewers are desperate to be revealed. “There’s probably going to be a birth in there, perhaps. We’ll do something epic – there will be an epic stunt because we’re well-known for that. Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8pm on ITV.