Footage being shared on social media purportedly shows a Russian deport exploding after seemingly being hit by a Ukrainian missile. The ammunition warehouse is believed to be in Popasna, in the currently occupied region of Luhansk, eastern Ukraine. The video shows grey smoke slowly building up into the sky after the hit before erupting into a full-blown blaze. A succession of explosions was filmed resulting in a wall of black smoke rising into the skies, with flames licking upwards as well. Two people can be heard commenting on the strike, and then laughing as they observe the depot being disintegrated by the flames. Twitter account @Blue_Sauron, which has been sharing footage of Ukraine's defence forces striking back against Russia, shared the video commenting on the growing precision Kyiv has been showcasing. They said: "Massive explosion of reportedly a Russian ammunition depot in Popasna after being hit by precise Ukrainian strike. JUST IN: Ukraine unleashes heavy shelling on Russia staging area and drowns it in smoke - VIDEO "Russian ammunition depots going [boom] too often lately, wonder why." Russia had been hoping for a quick takeover of Ukraine, but both defence forces and civilians have been maintaining a brutal resistance against the invaders. NATO members have lined up to provide Kyiv with military and financial help to push back Moscow's forces back into Russia for nearly five months. Vladimir Putin's troops were first forced to give up plans to take over the Ukrainian capital to revert back to conquering most of eastern Ukraine. READ MORE: Putin to 'double down' on Ukraine to salvage image after war 'has blown up in his face' While Russia has made significant advances across the Luhansk and Donbass regions, Ukraine has continued to fight back and hinder Moscow's advances. Earlier this week, Ukrainians liberated Snake Island, which was first taken over in February in a significant blow to morale. Russian forces had used Snake Island to control the northwestern Black Sea and impose a blockade on Ukraine, one of the world's biggest grain exporters. Kyiv says Moscow has intensified its long-range missile attacks, hitting civilian targets far from the frontline. Russia says it has been aiming at military sites. DON'T MISS:'Indomitable spirit' Ukraine praised as EU flag enters Parliament [REPORT]Ukraine unleashes heavy shelling on Russia staging area - VIDEO [VIDEO]Bernie Ecclestone told to ‘zip mouth’ over 'appalling' Putin defence [REPORT] Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov cited President Vladimir Putin's statements "that the Russian Armed Forces do not work with civilian targets". A Russian missile earlier this week struck a crowded shopping mall in central Ukraine, killing at least 19 people. Thousands of civilians have been killed since Russia invaded Ukraine on February 24 in what Moscow calls a "special operation" to root out nationalists. Ukraine and its Western allies say it is an unprovoked war of aggression.