Red Bull driver Max Verstappen showed his class by asking about the condition of Charles Leclerc on his team radio after the Ferrari driver crashed out of the French Grand Prix. The Monegasque racer went into the barriers at Turn 11 when he was leading the race. After the safety car was deployed and Verstappen took the lead from Leclerc, he asked about his rival on his team radio. "Is he alright?" The Dutchman questioned, checking on the wellfare of the Ferrari driver. Verstappen received the message that Leclerc was unharmed, but the 24-year-old was not happy after receiving his third DNF from pole position this season. "I cannot go off throttle," Leclerc said on his radio before screaming down his microphone. "NOOOOOOOO!" Leclerc has encountered problems with his throttle previously in Austria, and the issue seem to have resurfaced as Verstappen has been given the chance to extend his lead at the top of the Drivers' Championship over Leclerc. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton 'driving in anger' as Wolff explains French GP concerns READ MORE: Verstappen shows class with Leclerc message after French GP crash  Pundit and 2016 world champion Nico Rosberg explained that there must have been an issue with the car for Leclerc to suffer that crash. "What a horrible way to end the race there for Charles," Rosberg told Sky Sports F1. "I must really say that there must be something wrong with the car there because it was mid-corner where you're saving tyres and you're staying away from the limit there. It would be so unusual for a world-class driver to lose the car there. I really think there was something wrong with that Ferrari." DON'T MISSDaniel Ricciardo sets challenge to Zak Brown amid sack rumours. [INSIGHT]Ted Kravitz crushes Toto Wolff's wish with Vettel retirement update [ANALYSIS]George Russell calls for massive FIA change  [COMMENT]  Leclerc has secured 16 pole positions in his F1 career but has only been able to convert five of them into wins, as reliability problems continue to plague Mattia Binotto's team. Verstappen moved into the lead with Lewis Hamilton in second, who is racing in F1 for the 300th time at Paul Ricard. Rosberg claimed that the seven-time world champion is using his Mercedes team-mate George Russell as motivation to perform this season. "I think he does [use Russell as motivation]," Rosberg told Sky Sports F1. "Especially because he has a young super-fast team-mate beside him. And Lewis never wants to come second to a team-mate. That is just a giant motivation for him, and he showed that yesterday, because his pace was absolutely awesome. It was Lewis at his best, being four tenths faster than George. He is one of the best of the next generation, maybe the best.”