 Posting on Mumsnet, a furious driver explained that she had been fined £60 simply for parking her car. She explained that she received the fine for parking “Not in Marked Space”, but she believes they are “taking the utter p***”.  The driver said she lives in an old, listed navy barracks which has been turned into “posh flats” and restaurants. She said that it attracts lots of visitors so the parking attendants are “total sharks”. A picture of her car shows clear white lines on the left-hand side of the car, with fainter white lines along the back and right-hand side of the car. The faint lines can still be clearly seen, although they are lighter than the other spaces next to the car. READ MORE: Urgent heatwave warning issued to electric car owners  She said: “I'm a stubborn b****d so fighting this even though if I lose I'll have to pay £60 as opposed to the £15 they charge for paying within 24 hours. “Broke but hate injustice! “Am I being unreasonable or is this fine ludicrous?” The driver did clarify that some spaces had been re-painted, with other lines being “faded and broken”. DON'T MISS'Only a matter of time' before diesel vehicles are 'prohibited' [WARNING]Drivers urged to follow little-known ventilation trick to cool cars [INSIGHT]Heatwave chaos as 1,500 parking fines handed out at popular UK beach [SHOCKING]  She questioned how any driver was meant to know which are no longer parking spaces and which are “just unkept”. Many of the respondents to the blog post said that she was in the right. They point out that if there are no signs clearly signalling which spaces can be parked in, then she shouldn’t have received the fine. One commenter said: “It is strange to have a line at the back of the space - they are usually open.  “But if all in the car park are marked the same way then it would appear to be a valid space.” Another said she should definitely contest the fine. They claimed: “They'll take you to the small claims court and the judge is pretty likely to find in your favour. “Parking sharks are not well liked!”  A third commenter stated: “It’s a marked space and you have a valid claim. “But it could be a legacy marked space that has not been repainted as a ‘current marked space’. “There should be signs etc that provide the terms of use, and unless there is a reference to ‘clear/new marked spaces’ or something about numbered spaces then there’s nothing to tell you not to park.” According to Money Saving Expert, if a driver receives an “unfair ticket” in a private car park, they shouldn't automatically pay it. These ”fines” handed out are invoices and are often unenforceable. They advise reporting the unfair fine to the landowner and to gather as much evidence as possible to fight the claim.