There's nothing more frustrating than noticing your fresh vegetables seem to be going limp within a few days of buying them. However, according to experts, there is an easy trick that can keep certain vegetables fresh anywhere from two weeks to "a month". Not only does this benefit food waste, simple storage hacks can also help your finances too. Nick Drewe, a savings expert at WeThrift, said: “A recent study showed that 4.5 million tonnes of fruit and vegetables were wasted every year in the UK alone. "With fruits like raspberries and strawberries only lasting up to two to five days, it is no wonder that so much is being thrown away. "After all, nobody wants to eat fruit or veg that has started to go overly soft or furry." READ MORE: Keep lemons firm and juicy for 4 weeks with easy food storage hack However, with nothing more than a jar and some water, you could lengthen the lifespan of your favourite crunchy vegetables. Mr Drewe said "Fed up with your celery and carrots going bad after just a couple of days? "Introducing water storage: an older technique that has been reintroduced by the TikTok masses. "@westwing, the queen of storage hacks, revealed that putting unwashed veggies straight into the fridge is a recipe for disaster." Mr Drewe explained: "To maintain a satisfying crunch and avoid the dreaded grey flesh of an expired avocado, you should cleanse the vegetables, dry it, then add it to airtight containers with water in them. "This allows carrots to last a very impressive two weeks, and celery up to a month." Every four to five days or when you notice the water turning cloudy, pour it out and refill your container with fresh water. DON'T MISSMeghan and Harry to spend 'exciting and magical' summer with kids [REVEALED]'The body does not lie': Inside Sophie Wessex & Edward's marriage [COMMENT]Ready, Steady, Cook chef's restaurant gets zero food hygiene rating [REPORT] Experts from SF Gate warn that soaking vegetables in water could result in some vitamin loss, though this is minor. They explained: "One of the concerns about soaking vegetables is nutrient loss. "Water-soluble vitamins can leach out or be destroyed during storage and preparation. "Vitamin C and members of the vitamin B group are water-soluble, and while nutrient loss may be minimal when soaking raw vegetables, soaking will reduce the quantity of these essential vitamins."