While some people going through the menopause may think that maintaining a trim tummy is difficult, it doesn't need to be. Experts have suggested a few ways to get ahead of weight gain and prevent it altogether. A persons diet plays a huge part of their weight loss journey, with fats and carbohydrates usually the main culprit of growing waistlines. This is why low-carb meal plans are usually recommended for people looking to shed a few pounds. Dr Spencer Kroll explained: "The overconsumption of carbohydrates and processed foods are the primary contributors to the accumulation of abdominal fat. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake "I’ve spent years trying to change people’s ideas that it’s not just about ice cream and heavy cuts of meat, it’s really about carb modification." While people don't have to completely remove carbs from their diets, a low-carb eating style can work well. Start by simply swapping out the usual white bread and other starchy foods and choose ones that are high in fibre, such as vegetables, beans, legumes and whole grains. Registered dietitian Elizabeth Ward, co-author of The Menopause Diet Plan: A Natural Guide to Hormones, Health, and Happiness, recommended consuming at least 25g to 30g fibre a day. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] Ward revealed eating late at night can impact how the body stores fat. For some people, this can be detrimental to their weight. "Research has shown that eating according to your body clock and natural circadian rhythms helps reduce fat storage," she said. "Eating earlier in the day when your body is much better at processing food will help you control your weight. "If you skew your calorie intake to later in the day, it’s going to be difficult for you to prevent weight gain." READ MORE: Michael Mosley weight loss: Remove three foods to stay slim Exercise is just as important as what people eat when trying to lose weight. It should be a key component of everyone's weight loss regime, and studies have shown it can help target belly fat. Try a mix of resistance training and aerobic activity to see the most benefits. Some cardio of aerobic exercises for belly fat include: Walking at a quick pace Running Biking Rowing Swimming Cycling Group fitness classes High-intensity interval training (HIIT) are also effective for weight control and improving overall physical condition. The benefits of lean protein are endless, especially when it comes to weight loss. Ward advised people load their plates with the micronutrient every time they eat, as it helps them feel full. "Aim to consume at least 20g to 30g of protein with each meal and 10g of protein with each snack," she said. "People who get enough protein feel very satisfied, and they’re not looking for all the refined carbohydrates—chips, cookies, cake, candies—or foods that have trans fats like the pastries you would buy at a bakery or French fries."