In just three years, the Duke of Sussex may face the same fate as his older brother, Prince William, unless he undergoes hair transplant surgery to save his auburn locks, Dr Manish Mittal claimed.  Speaking about the Prince's hair, Dr Mittal said: “At the speed it’s receding, it is likely that Harry will be completely bald in two years, certainly by the time he’s 40.”  Prince Harry spoke about his thinning hair earlier this year when he attended the Invictus Games.  The balding Duke chatted to Dutch athlete Bart van der Burg, who was having makeup applied to his forehead.  Harry said: "Oh you’ve got a lot more to be done there".  The bald athlete joked: "It’s also empty when she’s done.” In response, Harry quipped that it was “not going to take a long time before I am" while speaking of his own thinning hair. The Duke, who was standing with his wife Meghan Markle at the time, added: "But you’re slower than me. I'm already doomed." Bart van der Burg replied: "We’ve got the same barber I guess. We call it a bird’s nest”. READ MORE: Prince William 'embarrassed' Peter Crouch with robot dance His comments came after royal fans previously questioned whether a photo of him on the cover of Time magazine alongside his Meghan had been edited as he appeared with fuller-looking hair. It's not the first time attention has been given to royal hairlines as Prince William has faced his own scrutiny from fans. Earlier this month, during the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations, fans took to the internet to comment on the Duke of Cambridge's hair loss. Dracula's Ditsy Neighbour wrote on Twitter: "Prince William is so bald he looks like a tic tac". DON'T MISS: These are the UK royals who graduated from university [INSIGHT]Prince William and Kate Middleton make charity polo match announcement [COMMENT]Queen's role compromises of 'two key elements' as monarch slows down [ANALYSIS] Others questioned why he had not yet had a hair transplant. A Twitter user with the handle @deanbledore wrote: "If he’s insistent upon keeping his hair, I wish Prince William would just have a hair transplant. Would take years off of him tbh”. Meanwhile, others suggested he just shave all of his off. @joerowlands90 claimed: “Prince William’s absolutely clinging onto that last bit of hair, isn't he? Just shave it, fella.” 