Christian Eriksen scored on his first appearance for Manchester United in a behind-closed-doors friendly against Wrexham on Wednesday. Fellow new signing Lisandro Martinez was also involved as the Red Devils ran out 4-1 winners. Martinez was only officially unveiled as a United player earlier in the day. But he was thrust straight into action against their National League opponents. Twitter account @RobRyanRed, part of the Wrexham AFC podcast, provided half-time and full-time updates of the match at Carrington. United were held 1-1 at the break, with Eriksen scoring their goal, before netting a further three times in the second half. Martinez was involved in the first half, as was Raphael Varane. The France defender had been struggling with injury in pre-season but his return will be a boost to United boss Erik ten Hag. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd done deal, Ronaldo ultimatum, Arsenal £35m discovery  Eriksen was United's second signing of the summer, joining earlier this month on a free transfer after leaving Brentford. Martinez was the next player through the door after a deal of up to £57million was agreed with Ajax. The transfer was not 100 per cent complete until Wednesday but United have now confirmed his arrival. Martinez explained his delight at putting pen to paper on a long-term contract at Old Trafford. The Argentine said: “It’s an honour to join this great football club. I’ve worked so hard to get to this moment and, now that I’m here, I’m going to push myself even further. “I’ve been lucky enough to be part of successful teams in my career and that’s what I want to continue at Manchester United. There will be a lot of work to get to that moment, but I firmly believe that, under this manager and coaches, and together with my new team-mates, we can do it. DON'T MISSArsenal swap deal possibility for Tielemans arises as one 'agreement' reachedHow Man Utd players treated Ronaldo at Carrington with '10 words spoken'Barcelona star De Jong ‘drops Man Utd information on team-mates’ in new twist  “I want to thank Ajax and their fans for all the support they gave me. I had an unbelievable time there but feel the moment is right to test myself in another environment. Now I am at the perfect club to do this.” United's football director John Murtough also explained the club's decision to sign the 23-year-old. “Lisandro is an outstanding player who will bring further quality and experience to Erik’s squad. “We are delighted that he has chosen to join Manchester United and we are looking forward to seeing him develop further and help the team achieve the success we are aiming for.” United's next official friendly is against Atletico Madrid in Oslo on Saturday. They then face Rayo Vallecano at home a day later.  Click here to buy the new Man Utd home shirt 