1883 actress Faith Hill reflected on working with her husband and let slip that she felt intimidated by his acting skills on set of the Yellowstone prequel show. Gushing over the top-notch talent and scripting, she revealed why the series caught her eye. Faith Hill admitted to feeling inferior to her actor husband Tim McGraw during filming for Yellowstone's prequel, 1883. The actress was bowled over by her country-singer spouse's acting abilities and gushed over the general talent hired on the show. She revealed it was the phenomenal scripting that encouraged her to say yes to appearing as Margaret Dutton in the smash hit. Tim plays opposite his wife as James Dutton and the pair act out the on-screen marriage of the central characters. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Amy Wyatt claims her second victim in revenge plot Speaking on The Kelly Clarkson Show, the American singer shared with viewers her initial fears about taking part. She said: "I'm intimidated by him because he's an amazing actor." Going on to answer Kelly's questions about working with her significant other, Faith joked about setting rules to ensure they have their own space off-camera. "Tim and I are married 26 years today, we're always together so I have this rule for myself," she revealed. Alongside praise for her husband, Faith further gushed about her co-stars and crew that bring 1883 to life. She spilled: "Everyone topped the game behind and in front of the camera." The Paramount+ creation follows the famous Dutton family generations before they make it to Yellowstone and acquire the ranch there. Fleeing poverty and setting off across the Great Plains, it documents the original journey to Montana. DON'T MISS...1883’s Isabel May opens up on feeling ‘miserable’ during tough shoot [INSIGHT]1883’s Tim McGraw on ‘blubbering mess’ for Elsa death ‘Tore me apart [INSIGHT]1883’s Faith Hill fights tears recalling ‘tough’ Yellowstone death  [INSIGHT] The show has brought with it some household names while creating some new ones in the likes of Isabel May as Elsa Dutton and Sam Elliott as Shea Brennan. After a jam-packed finale, the Yellowstone prequel was renewed for a second season and fans can't wait to see how this story will continue. Killing off key characters and leaving Elsa Dutton's future up in the air, there are many questions that need answering in the next instalment. Little details are known but creators have revealed the next run will focus on a real historical character. That might mean the end of the line for the fictional Duttons but makes way for some new arrivals. Rumours indicate the episodes will follow the story of Bass Reeves, the first Black deputy of the US Marshals. 1883: The Bass Reeves Story is set to star David Oyelowo and seems unlikely it will feature any of the Duttons as it was written unlinked to the ranch. Catch up on 1883 season one now on Paramount+.