The former NCIS agent has celebrated his 54th birthday this week with a heart-warming throwback video on Twitter. Having spent over a decade with Leroy Gibbs (played by Mark Harmon) and his team of investigators, Michael Weatherly has been taking a look back at his time on CBS’s rival drama, Bull. Michael acknowledged his birthday this week with a nostalgic video of his Bull castmates. His followers were thrilled to see the actor spending time with co-stars such as Geneva Carr, Jaime Lee Kirchner and Matt Delapina behind the scenes. Plus, guest star Joe Tippett also made an appearance as his character Merle Deavers. The show’s lead captioned his Twitter post: “We are reminiscing this birthday week: #thursdaythrowback ⁦@BullCBS.” READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow expert stunned by 'explicit' WWI perfume bottle In the video, Michael confirmed the cast were in Callisto, the setting for one of the first episodes of the entire series. During the fourth episode of season one, Michael’s character Jason Bull returns to Callisto, Texas, the only place the star lawyer has never won a case. His team works against the clock to organise a defence for a young woman fighting a drug lawsuit, while Bull prepares to face off against an old rival. The actor’s 469.1k followers were thrilled to get a backstage glimpse at the classic episode which made them fall in love with Bull back in 2016. They also sent plenty of messages for his birthday, which Michael celebrated on Friday, July 8. @angelazulv replied: “I wish you a very Happy Birthday in advance! “I hope you enjoy your day, your week and celebrate. Blessings and a Big Kiss from Colombia.” @AussieFan13 commented: “Happy Birthday Michael, enjoy your day with a glass of wine, good food, friends and your family.” DON'T MISS:The Last Kingdom: Sigtryggr actor on intimate Stiorra scenes [INTERVIEW]Yellowstone season 5 theory: John’s governor status confirmed [SPOILERS]Better Call Saul: Bryan Cranston teases Walt and Jesse cameos [INSIGHT] “Today’s the big day!” Lesley Evans said. “Wishing you lots of laughter, happiness, music and of course, cake! There has to be cake!” “Have a wonderful birthday, time for cake and wine, make sure you enjoy the small finer things in life. Enjoy your overseas vacation in August,” wrote Phyllis Moucha. Heather Love-Hinton exclaimed: “Hope you have a fantastic day with lots of attention, fun, and presents!” While Ian Craig Edmonds added: “This was a great show, are you coming back as DiNozzo?” Michael’s stint as Agent Anthony ‘Tony DiNozzo’ lasted 13 years before the star jumped ship to take on his next role. However, now Bull has officially come to an end after six outings, rumours are flying thick and fast for DiNozzo’s potential return in NCIS’s milestone 20th season. CBS have yet to officially announce his return, but more details may be revealed as the series heads into production on the first episodes this summer. NCIS season 20 will premiere Monday, September 19 on CBS in the USA, and is available to stream on Disney+ in the UK.