Prince George watched his first ever Wimbledon match and Novak Djokovic's daughter waved at her dad as he celebrated winning the championship. Sitting in the royal box with his parents, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, George turned to his dad to say he was "too hot". Royal expert Neil Sean explained William said George could take his jacket off but he "refused". Speaking on his YouTube channel, he said: "Prince William did allow the fact that he wanted to allow his eldest son Prince George to take his jacket off but he didn't want to. "He liked to follow suit about what his father is doing. "To all those saying, it's unfair, he's an eight-year-old boy. "This is tradition. This is what George will have to get used to. READ MORE: Royal Family: Meghan and Harry row over announcement "He's representing our monarch even at this very young age but more importantly what all little boys want to do, he wanted to be like his dad and keep his jacket on. "When he got in the car of course, things were a little bit different." After leaving Centre Court, the Wimbledon champion stopped to chat with Prince George and the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge. Djokovic was brought into a VIP area at the All England Club where he handed over the men's trophy for eight-year-old George to hold. Kate kept on touching the lid to keep it in place as George turned the trophy upwards so he could get a closer look at it. William also said to him: "Don't drop it." Djokovic chatted to the royals for several minutes, speaking about how their sons are similar ages, before they shook hands. Before the final, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge greeted ball boys and girls as well as military personnel with Prince George in the Millennium building. DON'T MISS Kate and Prince William set to snub Meghan and Harry on US tour [INSIGHT]Meghan and Harry in Netflix content drought after 'giving it to Oprah' [VIDEO]Owen Jones demands royals face up to Prince Harry's 'messy' memoir [ANALYSIS] Kate, who is patron of the All England Club, explained to George what the military personnel do, saying: "They look after everybody to make sure the crowds are safe and happy, doing the right thing, in the right seats, making sure the grounds are safe." When asked about George coming to Wimbledon, she said to him: "Is this your first time? It is, isn't it?" to which he replied: "Yes". When asked why Charlotte was not there, she said: "It's George's treat today." George was also asked who he was going to support and appeared too shy to answer so William looked at him and whispered "Djokovic" before adding: "We'll see how long it lasts. He'll support the winner."