Starz’s hit romance series Outlander will soon be returning to screens with its highly anticipated seventh instalment to answer for a jaw-dropping cliffhanger. As for the future of the series, Jamie Fraser star Sam Heughan shared his expectations and the potential of it coming to an end after the impending instalment.  Outlander first took the world by storm after it landed on screens in 2014. Fans were enthralled by the period drama which had themes of love, crime and mystery. It followed the life of Claire Fraser (played by Caitriona Balfe) after she accidentally time-travelled from 1945 to 1743. As well as finding the love of her life in the past, the series also explored the various challenges she had to overcome as a woman in the 1700s compared to her life in the 1940s. READ MORE: Ann Widdecombe in huge row with union chief 'Back to 70s!' Although she had been married in the future and was actually on honeymoon when she time-travelled, Claire met Jamie Fraser (Sam Heughan). He became the love of her life and when she eventually returned to the future, Claire was visibly pregnant with his child. After 20 years, Claire returned to the past, reunited with Jamie and used her advanced skills as a nurse to open her own surgery to treat others. Eventually, her daughter Brianna Fraser (Sophie Skelton) also joined her mother in the past and met Jamie, as she inherited the gift of time-travelling.  Season six came to a brutal end for the couple as they had been forced apart for the first time. Claire was arrested and awaiting trial for a murder she didn’t commit, while Jamie was on his way to rescue her. Despite proclaiming her innocence, locals also believed she was guilty of murder and berated her. Thankfully for fans, season seven will return with more episodes and viewers will be able to find out if she will be found innocent or guilty. DON'T MISS...Turning DOWN money Vine host baffled as union demands bonuses SCRAPPED [NEWS]Outlander: What happened to Jamie Fraser’s brother Robert? [INSIGHT]Outlander’s Marsali star ‘flipped out’ over costume [INSIGHT] Outlander is the onscreen adaptation of a bestselling novel series of the same name written by Diana Gabaldon. The upcoming season will be inspired by her seventh book ‘An Echo in the Bone’. Diana recently revealed she was writing the 10th book in the series and when asked if he saw the TV series going that far, Hueghan admitted he was unsure. In an interview with Gold Derby, the actor revealed: “Oh God I don’t know, honestly I’m only thinking as far as seven right now. 