Prince George will be celebrating his ninth birthday later this week, and the Royal Family will honour him with an official birthday portrait, no doubt taken by Kate Middleton. As the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge’s first child, the couple had several names - including options for girls - in the running. But George was nearly called something else. Royal expert Katie Nicholl explained: “Courtiers insisted the pair [the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge] had not found out the sex of their unborn baby. “And friends close to the couple claim William wanted a surprise. “Although Kate apparently suspected it was a boy and had set her heart on the name Alexander, they had not yet decided what to call their firstborn." So how did Kate and William settle on George? Apparently, they had the help of a family member - their pet dog Lupo. READ MORE: Camilla Parker Bowles’ ‘favourite dish' is a British classic According to The Times, the royal couple wrote all the possible names on pieces of paper and put them on the floor of their home. The first names that were considered were George, Alexander and Louis. Lupo was then allowed to freely choose a piece of paper, and it is thought he picked George. Prince George’s full name is George Alexander Louis, a combination of Kate and William’s favourite names. DON'T MISS...How to store cheese to stop it from going mouldy for months in fridge [EXPERT]Property experts share feature that ‘add thousands to house value’ [COMMENT]Heatwave UK: 9 ways to stay cool if you have no air con [GUIDE] George was said to be a nod to the Queen’s dad, King George VI. Alexander is believed to have been picked by the couple to honour the Queen, whose middle name is Alexandra. Louis comes as a tribute to the Queen’s husband, Prince Philip, whose grandfather was Prince Louis Alexander of Battenberg. Louis is also part of Prince William’s full name - William Arthur Philip Louis. READ MORE: Queen Elizabeth’s wedding ring has secret message from Prince Philip George’s third name, Louis, is one he shares with his younger brother, whose full name is Louis Arthur Charles. Prince George’s name, alongside his sister Princess Charlotte, and brother Prince Louis, will change in the future. When the Cambridge children’s grandfather, Prince Charles, ascends to the throne and becomes King, Prince William will inherit his Prince of Wales title. Therefore the Cambridge family surname will become Wales. Wales is the surname both Prince William and Prince Harry grew up using, as they inherited the name from Prince Charles, whose current royal title is the Prince of Wales. Prince Charlotte’s full name is Charlotte Elizabeth Diana, Charlotte is a nod to Charles as it’s the female version, as well as Kate’s mother Carole. Elizabeth is both Kate’s middle name and a tribute to the Queen, while Diana honours Prince William’s late mother.