Manchester United are among the clubs to have been sounded out by Neymar’s representatives amid the uncertainty over his PSG future, according to reports. The Brazil international could leave the Parc des Princes this summer. However, the Red Devils still appear unlikely to offer him a route out of France at the current moment in time. Manchester United have been focusing on signing Frenkie de Jong from Barcelona, while Tyrell Malacia is due to arrive from Feyenoord. And, now, 90min say the Red Devils have been contacted by Neymar’s agents at a time where his future in France is shrouded in uncertainty. The Brazil international was signed for a world-record fee of £200million back in 2017, with the Samba star rocking Barcelona by quitting the Nou Camp. Yet while he’s won four Ligue 1 titles in the time since, he’s failed to propel the club to the Champions League trophy they crave. Neymar only penned a new contract with PSG last year, having decided to stay in France despite previously pushing for a Hollywood homecoming to Barcelona. But PSG could now cut him loose, though the publication says there’s ‘division’ behind the scenes in the French capital. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez The Ligue 1 giants’ owners are split over selling him before the World Cup, which is due to be held in Qatar later in the year. Yet other members of their hierarchy are open to a sale this summer. Only a few teams in the whole of world football have the financial muscle required to pay Neymar’s wages, with a weekly salary close to £900,000 previously mooted. Manchester City have also been contacted over a deal but, after already signing Erling Haaland and pushing for the arrival of Kalvin Phillips, may struggle to make an arrangement work. Chelsea have lost Romelu Lukaku and need a replacement, with Blues owner Todd Boehly interested in a transfer. Bayern Munich are in danger of losing Robert Lewandowski but, while Neymar would be an A-list replacement, it would likely be a difficult deal for the Bundesliga titans to broker. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen And Serie A duo Juventus and AC Milan have also been sounded out, too. Right now, it’s unclear whether United will make a move for the 30-year-old - who they previously rejected back in the summer transfer window of 2019. PSG were frustrated with Neymar at the time and proposed a swap deal that would see Paul Pogba head in the opposite direction. But United said no, for two reasons. They felt his salary would upset their pay structure, with Alexis Sanchez their top earner at the time following his arrival from Arsenal the previous year. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team And Ed Woodward also wanted to keep Pogba, who has now left on a free transfer this summer. Woodward, in 2017, put Neymar on a list of four fantasy targets he wanted to bring to the club. But while Cristiano Ronaldo joined, the likes of Gareth Bale, Neymar and Thomas Muller proved elusive during his reign. Regarding Neymar, Brazil boss Tite was recently asked about the PSG star’s best position. And he made it clear that the Samba star should be used centrally, insisting any boss that uses him out wide at this stage of his career is a ‘donkey’. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here He said: “He is not a problem, he is a solution. Sometimes they say that there he will make more mistakes. “His position makes him make more mistakes, because when he does it creatively, he will be decisive. “If a coach selects Neymar from the side of the team, if I watch the game I will call him a donkey. “A player with these qualities, putting on the bandwagon, greatly restricts creative capacity. “Creativity is not constancy, it is eventuality, it is circumstantial. He will make more mistakes, yes, because his creative capacity and the place he is in demand it.”