Derek Chisora has sent an appeal to Tyson Fury and Frank Warren to arrange a trilogy fight between him and ‘The Gypsy King’ after their major fallout. The Brit is desperate to get back into the boxing ring after beating Kubrat Pulev two weeks ago and only wants to fight the best in the business. Chisora was quick to call out Deontay Wilder after his victory at the O2 Arena, London but has since been caught up in a vicious feud with his former friend, Fury, after predicting Dillian Whyte would knock out the Mancunian during their April clash. On the night, of course, it was Fury who stopped Whyte but the WBC champion has taken serious exception to ‘Del Boy’s’ comments. During an interview with talkSPORT, he said: “I thought Derek did absolutely fantastic [against Kubrat Pulev]. However, me and Derek Chisora used to be chum buddies. I went to Monaco to support him. I went to Hamburg to support him. Then, as soon as I have a fight he goes, ‘I’ll pick the other guy’. So, Derek Chisora can kiss my a*** and if I see him I’m going to punch him in the face. “After the fight, he came to the afterparty and said this, that, and the other, made a million excuses. At the end of the day, you don’t do that to your friends. If you’re friends with somebody, you back them. You don’t go with the other guy who you don’t like anyway, you go with your friend. He continued: “After what he did, backing Dillian Whyte to knock me out, having his house on it and all that, how confident he was, we ain’t friends anymore. And when I see you, Derek, you’ve got me to fight. Derek Chisora if you’re out there and you wanna fight come and see me. I’ve busted you two times already and I’ll do it again, you little sucker.” MORE BOXING NEWS... Floyd Mayweather conqueror training Rahman Jr for Paul fight Anthony Joshua told to 'sort his head out' as major decision slammed Julius Francis laughs at Tyson Fury comment as he discusses viral KO  Now, Chisora – who admits he only has a couple of fights left in him – is keen to settle the score with Fury. "Listen Frank Warren and the 'Gypsy King's posee, just tell me when and where or what time and I am there. I just want to fight, if you are a fighter you should fight everybody out there. It is just business it would be a great fight with Tyson. I have respect for Tyson and his family but if he wants to fight. And if he doesn't, I want to fight Deontay Wilder," Chisora told IFL TV. Fury won both contests in 2011 and 2014. In their last contest, he became only the second man to stop the durable veteran with a tenth-round retirement victory. Since then, Chisora has only been stopped once – a knockout loss to Whyte in 2018.