George Russell seemed to accuse Red Bull and Ferrari of breaking Formula One rules moments after securing a podium at the Hungarian Grand Prix. The Mercedes star claimed Red Bull and Ferrari had “pushed the regulations” over their floor designs which may have given them an advantage. The FIA will crackdown on flexible floors from the Belgian Grand Prix as part of a technical directive aimed at reducing porpoising. Russell called out his rivals after being asked if the new flexi-floor rules could bring Mercedes closer to the pack. He said: "Spa is going to be interesting. There is some changes to some of the regulations which may bring other teams towards us. I think we as a team have a lot of confidence in ourselves and faith that we are doing a great job and there’s no reason we can’t be in the mix. "There is no doubt Ferrari and Red Bull have pushed the regulations in that regard and we have respected it as the regulation was intended." READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton regret shared by Toto Wolff despite finishing second Despite calling out Mercedes' two rivals, Russell admitted the changes may not have an effect on the pecking order. He added: "There’s no guarantee that it would bring them closer to us. We know if it was on our car it would make us slower. There’s no guarantees, every car is different but it’s not going to help them that’s for sure." DON'T MISSGeorge Russell makes honest admission after first F1 win evades him [INSIGHT]Max Verstappen 'lucky' with Red Bull problems at Hungarian GP [COMMENT]Max Verstappen moves closer to major penalty as new parts installed [ANALYSIS] Sky Sports host Karun Chandhok appeared shocked at Russell’s comments. He believes Russell’s remarks are the first time anyone has openly accused Red Bull and Ferrari of having “pushed the envelope” in regards to the floors. However, Horner denied any wrongdoing as he claimed the changes would not impact the team’s pace. Instead, he used the opportunity to hit back at the FIA as he stressed teams needed an urgent update on the regulation changes for next season. He claimed: "Ferrari still has a quick car and Mercedes are coming back at us. Maybe we don't need to TD in Spa. "The technical directive has no effect on us. We need quick clarification on what the rules are for 2023. I hope as early as this week. It's ten past midnight for next year and Cinderella has already left."