Harrison Ford, 80, has been acting since the late 1960s and early 70s, appearing in films such as George Lucas’ American Graffiti and Francis Ford Coppola’s The Conversation. In 1977, his fortune changed when he was cast in Star Wars playing the film's hero Han Solo, which made him a household name overnight  The pair started dating in 2002 and tied the knot eight years later in 2010. Now, the couple have been together for over 20 years now, and they seem to be more in love with each other now than ever. They share a son named Liam together, who Flockhart adopted just a year prior to meeting Ford. Two decades later and the couple still boast a vast multitude of fans cheering them on — even despite the 22-year age gap between them. While the pair are known for keeping their personal lives extremely private, they never hesitate to discuss their love to the media whenever asked. Ford and Flockhart memorably met at the 2002 Golden Globe Awards and started officially dating shortly after the ceremony. According to a source close to Flockhart, she purposely spilt a drink on the Hollywood star at the ceremony to catch his eye and get him talking to her. The pair reportedly shared dinner and drinks at Ford’s house after, and later into the night, Ford encouraged everyone else to leave so he could be alone with Flockhart. The lovebirds spent the following years leading a considerably private life, enjoying each other’s company and, for Ford, it was the joy of celebrating true love at such a late stage in life — he was almost 60 years old when he met Flockhart. After connecting in 2002, the couple spent many years casually dating and getting to know one another, which is also when Ford began raising Liam with Flockhart. 2009 was a big year for the happy couple as Ford proposed to Flockhart over Valentine’s Day weekend in February while on a romantic holiday together. After a heart-warming engagement back in February 2009, the couple decided to make their relationship official and got married in June 2010 during a beautiful ceremony at the Governor’s Mansion in New Mexico. The marriage has proven to be successful as ever 20 years later, as the couple are still going strong. The marriage also officially established Ford as the step-father of Flockhart’s adopted son Liam, although he had already viewed him as his own child long before the duo tied the knot. 2015 was one of the scariest years for the relationship between Ford and Flockhart, when the Indiana Jones actor was involved in a near-fatal plane crash that almost took his life. The crash-landing left Ford critically injured and with no memory of the ordeal — but, thankfully, Flockhart was there to support her other half during his time of need and stuck by his side through the injuries. In an interview with People, Ford considered himself to be a “lucky guy” that the crash didn’t result in a situation that was much more serious.