Christine Lampard was joined by Loose Women panellists Coleen Nolan, Linda Robson and Jane Moore, who discussed whether people should move with their partners for work. This prompted the ladies to reflect on their own relationships, in which Christine admitted that her marriage to Frank had some struggles due to the amount of time they spent apart. Jane began: "When you marry a footballer, know that there is every chance they are going to get moved around." Christine opened up about her relationship with Frank and admitted: "I have weirdly not known anything else. "When he did play, we were obviously in London together, and he was at Chelsea, but he would be away two nights of the week at least. "Then he would go away for the World Cup, which was six weeks and things like that, then once all that started to shift, we have been in London, a year in Manchester, two years in New York, a year in Derby, and now he is in Liverpool. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Jamie Tate returns as Gabby loses custody of Thomas "So there has always been some form of distance, and I have become very good at making a rented home, a home quite quickly because you can't get your place. "That is the crucial part of it, I think once the children are in school and if they are settled, it is a huge upheaval, to lift an entire family and to potentially move every year, which lots of people do. "There are all sorts of jobs that involve that, and certainly football comes into it as well, but that is where I am still lucky. "I have one more year before my little girl starts school because then the landscape changes entirely," she revealed. Christine added that she loved the freedom of travelling but expects it has to change when Patricia starts school. Fellow panellist Jane joined in and revealed she often teased her husband, Gary, by telling him: "How can I miss you if you don't go away? "He loves being at home, so I wish I was married to Frank! But today, Gary has flown off on holiday on his own." The Loose Women host shares two children with the former footballer, who is the current manager of Premier League club Everton. DON'T MISS...Christine Lampard shares sweet picture of her and husband Frank’s kids [INSIGHT]David Essex’s appearance sends Loose Women viewers into a frenzy  [LATEST]Christine Lampard would haunt Frank if he found love after her death [WATCH] This isn't the first time Christine has opened up about the long-distance relationship, specifically how they manage. Christine told Fabulous magazine: "Our home is here [in London], certainly at the minute anyway, because Patricia has her little classes and I’ve got my stuff. "We've navigated through. It’s a lovely change of scenery [in Liverpool], and it’s nice to have a bit of greenery around us. "We’ve got a place up there with a cot and a wee bed. You get used to it, and it’s not actually a big deal.” Christine shared: “We are always trying to steal a little hour here or there to sit and talk about stuff. We talk about the kids, but sometimes it’s nice to talk about nothing.” Christine and Frank started dating back in 2009 before tying the knot in 2015. The pair live in London with their two young children, Patricia, three, and Freddie, 16 months, whilst also looking after Franks's daughters from his first wife, Isla, 14 and Luna, 16. Christine and Frank keep their relationship private and out of the public eye whilst keeping their children's faces off of social media. Loose Women airs weekdays from 12:30pm on ITV.