Dominic Brunt has played Paddy Kirk on Emmerdale for over 25 years making the Dales soapstar one of the longest-serving actors on the show. The ITV favourite has addressed his fears about being axed from the programme after it was revealed the on-screen star is married to a well-known actress who joined the rival soap, Coronation Street. Dominic, 52, first joined Emmerdale in 1997 and has become one of the most recognised faces on British television. The actor recently admitted he still worries that he'll get cut each year when his contract is up. The actor has admitted he was left "shaking and sick with fear" that he would be axed from the show. He recently told The Mirror: “I’m a really big fan of [Emmerdale] and I’m very lucky. I’ve probably dodged a couple of bullets and I never ever take it for granted. READ MORE: Ben Shephard bids farewell to 'legend' host in gushing tribute “When difficulties emerge on set I still get nervous. It’s a challenge. I don’t want to look like an idiot in front of six million people watching but I’m literally shaking and feeling a bit sick.” The ITV favourite added he had suffered from "imposter syndrome" and fears he will return to his previous job as a welder. He added: “I still have that imposter syndrome, fearing I’ll get that tap on the shoulder and be told, ‘Dominic, we’ve found out you’re a welder – what are you doing here?’ I still feel like that. "Every Christmas when the contract is up, I still think that’s probably it.”  Meanwhile, fans may also recognise the Paddy Kirk star's wife who also is an on-screen actress. Dominic is happily married to fellow soap star Joanne Mitchell, 50, and the pair met when they were both studying at The Bristol Old Vic Theatre School. Just like her husband, Joanne is a film, stage and TV actor who has appeared in many shows over the years. The on-screen star first joined the rival soap Coronation Street in 2009 and returned again in 2019. DON'T MISS... Britney Spears, 40, showcases amazing figure in NUDE swimming snaps[LATEST]Tom Jones addresses rumours he 'collapsed' after cancelling show[UPDATES]Phillip Schofield reunites with wife Steph in cosy family celebration[TV] She appeared on the cobbles firstly as the Sonographer at Weatherfield General who performed an ultrasound scan on a heavily-pregnant Maria Connor in April 2009. Joanne returned to the programme in June and July 2018 as Marsha Clifton, mother of Kayla. The actress and playwright also starred in Emmerdale making her debut in 2003, when she played DS Karen Barnborough in two episodes. She also starred as Midwife Yeo and Susan Davies, and in 2016, took over the role of Sandra Flaherty. Her other credits include Waterloo Road, Holby City and Doctors. The married couple share two children together; Mickey-Joe and Danny-Lee. The parents-of-two have undertaken lots of projects together, including co-founding Mitchell Brunt Films, with Joanne working as producer and writer on several of the company's films. Emmerdale airs tonight on ITV at 7.30pm.