Cristiano Ronaldo’s agent is hopeful of facilitating a blockbuster transfer from Manchester United to Atletico Madrid and is willing to negotiate two further deals to make it possible, according to reports. Jorge Mendes is working on Ronaldo’s potential exit from the Red Devils after the veteran forward asked to leave the Premier League club. Atletico remain an option for Ronaldo despite being the fierce rivals of former club Real Madrid. The 37-year-old has apparently grown frustrated at United after shouldering much of the responsibility last season. Erik ten Hag’s side have been preparing for the new season without the iconic forward, who has cited ‘personal reasons’ for not re-joining his team-mates. Mendes has been touting his client to possible buyers and La Liga outfit Atletico seemingly appears to be the most likely. The super-agent would also be willing to help the Madrid side sell Antoine Griezmann and Saul Niguez to make space on their wage budget despite not representing either player. Griezmann is currently on loan at Atletico from Barcelona but his parent club may be tempted into selling him instead if an offer arrives while Saul Niguez faces another uncertain season after spending the last one on loan at Chelsea. JUST IN: Man Utd snubbed for Arsenal in Tielemans debate as timeline set Cadena Ser journalist Anton Meana told radio station El Larguer that Mendes will not stop working on a deal to send Ronaldo to Atletico until the Spanish side make clear that they do not want to pursue the Portugal captain. Meana said: "Jorge Mendes is still very optimistic that Cristiano Ronaldo can go to Atletico Madrid - he says that if the problem is economic, it can be fixed and if players have to be released for him to come, they can wait. “Mendes continues to be optimistic and would not look badly on helping Griezmann or Saul find a way out. Until Atletico say that it is impossible no matter what happens, they will continue working." DON'T MISS...Solskjaer ‘had two issues with Martial’ before Man Utd sackingBarcelona ‘hold De Jong meeting’ as Man Utd and Chelsea eye transferErik ten Hag caught screaming 'f***ing rubbish' at Zidane Iqbal Ten Hag has conceded that it is not ideal to have Ronaldo back in training with just two weeks remaining until the Premier League season begins. “Concerned is maybe not the right word. I focus on the players who are there, they are doing really well, they are in good shape. I prefer to focus on that and develop that. I cannot wait for him to come in, then we will integrate him,” the Dutchman told journalists. “You have to accept it as a manager, as a team, and you have to take the best out of it, and that is what we did. I think it’s great for team spirit to be together for so long together, you can really improve that, develop that, you have a lot of time to work on your team, because you are so close together. That is great, I would say. “It’s brilliant to be in great cities like Bangkok, Melbourne, Perth. There are disadvantages, it is clear, but you have to deal with certain things that are decided when you don’t have influence. When you have influence it’s only on the game – that is our focus point.” Click here to buy the new Man Utd home shirt 