Tobacco flavoured e-liquid is also the most popular variety in the East Midlands, North East, Scotland, and Wales. And strawberry flavoured e-liquid – the overall favourite of those polled – is most popular with those in the North West, Northern Ireland, South East, and South West. Disposable vapes, which are relatively new to the market, are especially popular among nicotine consumers in the West Midlands, with 84 percent of vape users in that region having tried them. A spokesman for Vuse, which commissioned the research, said: “The number of adult vape users has increased substantially during the past 10 years. “And sales of newer products like disposable vapes are also on the rise, while there’s a host of different flavours available to purchase. “So, it’s interesting to see how adult vape users in different regions vary area to area in terms of usage and preferences.” The study also showed more than four in ten users across the UK tend to stick to the same flavour rather than vary their selection, while 30 percent like to change their choice. Regionally, East Anglians (60 percent) topped the poll for those who consistently turn to the same variety of vape. But those in the North East (46 percent) like more variety and trying different flavours. A third of all adults prefer to step outside to puff on their vapes – but 32 percent are happy to stay indoors to do this, where permitted. Overall, vapers are more likely to visit a shop to buy their products in person, with just 37 percent happy to shop online. The research, carried out through OnePoll, found the most popular reason for vaping is that it's perceived to be less risky than alternatives such as cigarettes (41 percent). More than a third (37 percent) vape because they feel it smells nicer than cigarettes, and 36 percent consider them to be more affordable than other nicotine products. The spokesman for Vuse, which has launched disposable vape, Vuse Go, added: “As the research shows, adult nicotine consumers vape for a variety of reasons. “And they also use vape differently – with the findings suggesting this varies quite distinctly region to region.” TOP 10 MOST POPULAR VAPE FLAVOURS: