America's Got Talent viewers learned something new about the actress-turned-judge after she revealed her brother passed away. A singer had Sofia Vergara in tears after dedicating his performance to his late twin. The NBC talent competition lit up screens once again with an array of various acts, but it was one solo singer that had everyone on their feet. Wyn Starks stepped onto the stage as the final act of the night for the sixth round of this year's auditions. Left jobless during the pandemic, the singer songwriter was forced to dedicate himself to music full time and brought an original number along for the judges. He revealed to Simon Cowell his song "Who I am" was in honour of his late twin brother. READ MORE: Carol Vorderman distracts fans with 'annoying' habit Seconds into his act, the former hospitality worker had the audience erupting in waves of applause and sent jaws dropping to the floor. Ending his performance to a standing ovation throughout the venue, cameras focused on the wet cheeks of Sofia Vergara. Gushing praise for Wyn's tribute, she shared with him and the audience: "I lost my brother too." Simon and Heidi echoed the actresses seal of approval with Heidi asking the once X Factor judge: "How can we make this a hit, my eyeballs are watering." Mr Cowell summed up the panel feedback telling Wyn his song was "the perfect tribute" to his brother. He teased the contestant with good news indicating this moment could be life changing for the Tennessee resident. To the delight of the audience, Wyn went home with three easy yes's and will advance to the next stage of the competition. DON'T MISS...America’s Got Talent: Simon Cowell in tears watching Nightbirde [SPOILER]America’s Got Talent: viewers left in tears after ‘emotional’ audition [SPOILER]America’s Got Talent's Howie Mandel sparks concern as he misses show [INSIGHT] Not the only teary moment of the night, however, Sofia had already called for a box of tissues earlier in the show. Ben Waites, a Southern gospel singer and vocal coach from Nashville also had the star blubbering after his rendition of True Colors. The rest of the session was packed full of illusionists, an electric violinist, whip-cracking, dancing and a balancing act. While the other contestants spread smiles across some judges' faces, Wyn emerged the clear front-runner for the series. Returning to NBC this summer, America's Got Talent is now in its 17th season. Keeping familiar faces, the majority of cast and crew will remain in their seats for the next run of the iconic family competition show. With Terry Crews at the helm, viewers will continue to watch Simon Cowell, Howard Mandel, Heidi Klum and Sofia Vergara call the shots. With a prize bag of $1million at stake, the season is set to bring more talent and Golden Buzzers than ever before. Watch AGT Tuesdays at 8/7c on NBC or stream it anytime on Peacock.