Netweather forecaster Ian Simpson said a frontal system will bring rainy weather from today, beginning in the north-west of Scotland. It will move southwards, with "thundery showers" across East Anglia and the southeast. The weather will then clear, bringing highs of 30C in Kent by Tuesday. The rest of the southeast will see temperatures of between 28-29C. Meanwhile, the southwest will see highs of 27C. The north will be cooler at 19-20C. Mr Simpson said: "Sunday will be another cloudy day over most of England and Wales, with the band of rain slowly moving south but tending to fizzle as it moves south, so southern England will generally see very little or no rain from it. "However, isolated thundery showers are expected to break out over East Anglia and the south-east as the front moves in." He added: "Brighter, cooler, fresher weather will move slowly southwards through the north of England, and some brighter intervals will also come through elsewhere in England and Wales. "Temperatures will reach 24 to 26C in the south-east of England, and 20 to 22C in north-east England and the Midlands, but in other areas will generally reach 17 to 20C. "Scotland and Northern Ireland will have sunny spells, and some scattered showers mainly in the north of Scotland." READ MORE: UK weather: Brits to feel ‘clammy’ as muggy conditions to set in  Meanwhile, Met Office forecaster Tom Morgan said "wet weather" will be the dominant theme in the UK over the next few days. He said the weather will be in "stark contrast to the rest of July", warning that some thunder and "tropical" conditions might be seen. Mr Morgan said: "The main theme over the coming days will be wet weather, in stark contrast to the rest of July. "Many areas will be very warm and humid with plenty of cloud around, even overnight, with temperatures as high as 20C in the early hours, meaning uncomfortable evenings for sleeping are in store. DON'T MISS:Blistering heat to smash France AGAIN as scorching weather rages on [REPORT] Ferocious Atlantic front to batter Britain with heavy rain TONIGHT [INSIGHT] Hosepipe ban rules: What happens if you water your garden [ANALYSIS] "The odd rumble of thunder may be heard in isolated areas, and it's going to be pretty muggy and humid, typical of conditions seen in tropical countries. "Temperatures could climb as high as 29C during the day in southern areas, but it's going to feel uncomfortable and clammy." But he said it will be a "week of two halves", with drier weather from the middle of the week. Forecasting for today, the Met Office said: "Rain across England and Wales moving south and turning showery, perhaps thundery in the east. "Mostly dry with sunny spells further north. Warm and humid in south, cooler in north."