Will Smith and Jada Pinket Smith’s relationship has been the subject of intense speculation from the start, and Jada was fully aware of it. "I’ve heard all the things – their marriage is not real, he’s gay, she’s gay, they swing," she said in 2009.  However, Jada Pinket Smith has said it is far too “hard” to be in a “pretend marriage”. But eyebrows were raised when R&B singer August Alsina revealed in 2020 that he’d had a long-time affair with Jada while she was married to Smith. The couple initially denied it and then admitted it happened after the Smiths temporarily split up a few years earlier. Alsina had been introduced to Jada by her son, Jaden, at a London music festival in 2015. Friends said Alsina – 21 years younger than Jada, who he described as "God’s divinity" –became so close to the Smiths that he went on holiday with them and stayed at their £32 million mansion in Calabasas, Los Angeles. He claimed that Smith had actually given his blessing to his affair with his wife – an allegation that Jada denied. Meanwhile, Smith admitted to interviewers that his wife wasn’t the only one sleeping around. They’d both started to explore polygamy after they were “miserable” and realised “something had to change”. He portentously told GQ magazine last year: “We have given each other trust and freedom, with the belief that everybody has to find their own way”. The couple, who could once have “endless discussions” about the nature of “relational perfection”, said Smith. And he admitted that he’d once harboured a fantasy about having a 20-strong "harem of girlfriends" including actress Halle Berry and ballerina Misty Copeland. Although his Christian upbringing had made him feel ashamed of his steamy thoughts, a “celebrity intimacy counsellor” had helped him to “realise that my thoughts were not sins and even acting on an impure thought didn’t make me a piece of s***." Indeed, Jada implied long ago that she’d given Smith the go-ahead to find other sexual partners, saying: “I’ve always told Will, ‘You can do whatever you want as long as you can look at yourself in the mirror and be okay’.” The Smiths have largely kept mum about who else they have been intimate with. In 2011, it was claimed Jada and singer Marc Anthony, then married to Jennifer Lopez, were "close". They denied the claims. Smith was rumoured to have started an affair with actress Margot Robbie in 2015 while they were making Focus. Both stars denied the claims although Margot, during an episode of US TV’s Tonight Show With Jimmy Fallon, chose to drink a shot of alcohol rather than discuss Smith. The Smiths have also spent many years batting off accusations that they are in thrall to Scientology, classified as a religion in the US but a cult in other countries. After being introduced to it in 2004 by Tom Cruise, the couple donated generously to the church, most controversially when they spent almost £1million in 2008 to set up a school. They said they designed the unconventional curriculum of their "leadership academy" but insiders claimed it was effectively based on Scientology. Both Jaden and Willow attended, but the school closed six years later when most of the parents removed their children. Tony Ortega, an expert on the controversial group, said yesterday that the couple left Scientology in 2015 and that Will, at least, only ever "dabbled".