  Quentin Tarantino, 59, and wife Daniella Pick, 38, have just welcomed their second child. The pair announced the birth of their baby daughter, whose name is not yet known, yesterday.     Quentin and Daniella have welcomed their bundle of joy two years after the birth of their son. The couple share a two-year-old boy called Leo, who is now officially a big brother. A statement given to PEOPLE said: "Daniella and Quentin Tarantino are happy to announce that Daniella gave birth to their baby girl on July 2, 2022, a little sister to Leo, their first child." The Once Upon a Time in Hollywood director and his wife first announced that Daniella was expecting once more back in February. READ MORE: Christian Horner admits 'problem' at home with Geri Halliwell     Daniella is an Israeli actress, pop star and Instagram model. She is also the daughter of Israeli pop star Zvika Pick, who is a famous face in their home country. Daniella and Quentin became engaged in June 2017 before marrying a year later in November 2018. The pair tied the knot in a romantic ceremony at their Beverly Hills home.     The famous director met his future wife back in 2009, when they began dating during his promotion period for his film Inglourious Basterds. After eleven years together, the couple welcomed their first child Leo in February 2020 in Israel. They continue to divide up their time between Quentin’s beloved Los Angeles and Daniella’s Israel home. Last year, TV host Jimmy Kimmel spoke to Quentin about how his son Leo’s name came about. READ MORE... Christine McGuinness' pals begged her to leave Paddy [INSIGHT] Martin Freeman admits ‘it’s hard not to feel hurt’ over kids [UPDATE] Sir Ian McKellen mingles with royalty at Wimbledon Day Eight [NEWS]   The Pulp Fiction director explained that it wasn’t due to his long friendship with actor Leonardo DiCaprio, who has appeared in films including Django Unchained and Once Upon a Time in Hollywood. He actually even admitted that, contrary to many fans’ assumptions, the new parents almost didn’t give their son the name Leo for that reason. "There's nothing wrong with that, but … he's named after my wife's grandfather,” he revealed. “But also because, just in our hearts, he was our little lion.      "So he's a lion. That's how we thought about him." Quentin is one of the most popular film directors of all time, first making his name with films like Reservoir Dogs (1992) and Pulp Fiction (1994). He has received multiple awards over the years, including two Oscars, two BAFTAs and four Golden Globe Awards. The Best Original Screenplay Academy Awards he won were for his iconic hit Pulp Fiction and for 2013’s Django Unchained.   