John Torode, 56, has worked with Gregg Wallce, 57, since 2005 on MasterChef, although the pair have known eachother since the early 90s. John has spoken to Express.co.uk about his relationship with Greg and the distance between them. John revealed that the pair actually met in 1993 when Gregg was John's fruit and vegetable supplier at Sydney Street restaurant. Due to this prior relationship, their chemistry on MasterChef came naturally and has stayed strong for nearly two decades. Speaking about their relationship behind the scenes, John told Express.co.uk: "We have an amazing relationship whereby we sort of chat to each other by text but we don’t really hang out together. "One of the great things about working with somebody like that as you do have a different lives is we've got a different opinion on everything, you know, and we do have different opinions on everything. READ MORE: Kenneth More open on infidelity in marriage: 'I was a terrible flirt' "We have different opinions on what we like to how we like how we dress, cars, music, definitely on music. "And you know, we also have different opinions on food. And, I think that really helps with what we do and how we do that and the world we are involved in. "So yeah, it’s a great, interesting relationship." Express.co.uk asked John if there are any standout memories he has had with Gregg on MasterChef. He joked: "I remember once that I hadn’t been paying attention to what was going on and usually I watched the contestants but something had kept my mind busy. "So I ate this dish and Gregg just smiled at me in full realisation. "What I had just put in my mouth was the most ghastly thing that could have ever happened. "It was a piece of liver that had been soaked in milk. DON'T MISS... James Garner’s damning assessment of Doris Day’s husband: 'Shallow!' [INSIGHT] Declan Donnelly celebrates arrival of 'wonderful' baby son with wife [NEWS] Victoria Beckham performs Spice Girls hit during wild karaoke session [INSTAGRAM] "It was just the most awful thing, it tasted like something a deer would have found in the woods. It was just so awful." John has been partnered with Ninja Kitchen for the past couple of months, with the chef ectatic about the partnership. He said: "You may just think it’s just a saucepan or pan, or whatever it may be. But I have to tell you, it’s been gifted to everybody in my family since I have started working with them. "You know as somebody who has been cooking for years and years, when you find something great, you just hold on to it. It sits in the kitchen and becomes part of the furniture. "I don’t work with people unless I think they’re really cool. "They are great, so versatile and you don’t need to have that many pieces. "You can buy single items and you get them through Amazon, leading me to send them to my whole family! He concluded: "That’s the good thing about Amazon, you can send it to your mates. "Like my eldest got some at her house and they were like, ‘Great thank you very much!’ His favourite part of the range includes the Ninja Foodi ZEROSTICK Cookware. For more information please visit Ninja Kitchen(ninjakitchen.co.uk).