Royal weddings are always a cause for national celebration in the UK and this year, the Queen's Platinum Jubilee matched the celebration level across the country. Despite the widespread joy, events such as these are when the Royal Family really have "to turn it on" due to high interest from the public. Speaking on the latest episode of US Weekly, etiquette coach Myka Meier discussed the "highest pressure" moments for the members of the British Royal Family. Us Weekly host Christina Garibaldi asked Ms Meier: "What would you say is probably the highest pressure royal event. "When do the royals really have to turn it on." Ms Meier replied: "I think it's the weddings, I think it's the weddings and then, or a Jubilee like this." She stated that it would be more "public forum" type events. READ MORE: Meghan's acting background 'helped her' keep her calm on the stressful Jubilee stage Ms Meier added: "Think about all of these more public forums where people have access to them and are where the pressure really lies. "But the weddings, of course". She continued: "I don't know [when] we'll have another big one anytime soon. "[but] the Jubilee was a perfect example of all eyes on you and keeping cool, calm and collected and just looking beautiful doing it". READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Prince Harry's memoirs 'delayed' with publisher silent on release date Over the last few years, several of the Royal Family members have gotten married, all in the eyes of the public. In 2011, Prince William married Catherine Middleton at Westminster Abbey. Seven years later, in 2018, William's brother, Prince Harry got married to former Suits actress, Meghan Markle. Both William and Harry's weddings were aired on television and watched by millions of royal watchers worldwide. DON'T MISS In June, the Queen celebrated her Platinum Jubilee with a host of celebrations spread over a four-day bank holiday weekend. Many of the events, which took place over the first weekend in June, were televised and had many of the Royal Family members in attendance. READ NEXT: