Chelsea's hopes of signing Raphinha from Leeds United appear to be over, after a new report revealed that the Brazilian winger would 'rather stay put' than join the Blues. Arsenal and Barcelona are also interested in striking a deal for the 25-year-old, who is expected to leave Leeds this summer. Raphinha played an integral role for Leeds in their fight for survival last term and has attracted interest from some of Europe's biggest clubs. The former Rennes man plundered 11 league goals last season - including a crucial strike in the win at Brentford on the final day - to ensure the Whites retained their top-flight status for another year. However, it was expected that Jesse Marsch's side would have to cope without Raphinha's influence this year - but a new report from ESPN has revealed that the winger would rather stay in Yorkshire than move to Chelsea. The Blues had appeared to nudge ahead of Arsenal and Barcelona in the race to snap up the coveted star after agreeing a £60million deal with Leeds last week. But Raphinha is only interested in joining Barcelona and would rather wait for his dream move to the Camp Nou. READ MORE: Chelsea 'monitoring' Frenkie de Jong as doubt cast over Man Utd agreement Barcelona are desperate to strike a deal for the Leeds man, but the Spanish giants are still struggling with financial issues and have so far only been able to table an offer worth €50m (£43m) with a further €10m (£8.6m) in add-ons for Raphinha. Although Arsenal and Chelsea do have the financial strength to gazump any proposal Barcelona can put forward for Raphinha, the Leeds star is willing to stay put for another six months in the hope that Barcelona's financial issues will subside and that a move can finally materialise in the winter transfer window. Missing out on Raphinha would be a bitter blow for Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel, who is bidding to remould his attacking options after sanctioning Romelu Lukaku's return to Inter Milan earlier this week. DON'T MISSChelsea 'receive response' from Juventus after 'offering two players' for Matthijs de LigtMan Utd hatch Frenkie de Jong announcement plan as transfer deal enters 'final stages'Tottenham on verge of fourth and fifth signings following double transfer breakthrough The Blues chief was keen to team Raphinha up with Manchester City star Raheem Sterling in a fluid forward line, but the German may now be forced to turn his attention to other targets. Chelsea are, at least, expected to land Sterling, with a £45m deal edging closer to completion. The England star is open to leaving City this summer after spending spells on the bench under Pep Guardiola last season. The Londoners have also been linked with an extravagant move for Paris Saint-Germain's wantaway star Neymar, with new Blues co-owner Todd Boehly thought to be keen on marking his £4.25bn takeover by acquiring a marquee summer signing.