Max Verstappen has labelled Lewis Hamilton as the 'biggest show off in Formula One' in a survey he completed for the Dutch Grand Prix's official Instagram - adding fuel to the already fiery rivalry the duo have with one another. Verstappen and Hamilton have gone head-to-head for a number of years since the Dutchman made his debut in 2015. Having pinched the title from Hamilton in controversial circumstances last season, Verstappen has continued his dominance this term and remains top of the Drivers' Championship by 34 points, ahead of Red Bull team-mate Sergio Perez - leaving Hamilton in his dust. The pair have clashed many times in the past as their battle at the front of the grid boiled over. And Verstappen showed what he thinks of Hamilton once more by marking him as the biggest 'show off' on a survey posted on Instagram. Given a complete list of the drivers who have competed in this year's competition, there were six questions that Verstappen had to tick. One of the categories was the 'biggest show off', where he selected Hamilton's name.  MUST READ: Bernie Ecclestone to miss Austrian Grand Prix after comments Elsewhere, he had Daniel Ricciardo down for two prizes - the comedian of the sport and for liking Dutch food the most. Other categories included fastest cyclist, most surprising result and best looking in orange, which Verstappen gave to Valtteri Bottas, Alex Albon and himself respectively. But it is the show off category which he awarded to Hamilton that will stick out in the minds of fans the most. Hamilton and Verstappen had a war of words as recently as this weekend following the Brit's wheel-to-wheel tussle with Charles Leclerc at Silverstone. His Mercedes car brushed the Ferrari going into the Copse corner last weekend, the same turn that Verstappen suffered on last year when he collided with Hamilton and ended up retiring from the race. And the Stevenage-born star alluded to the crash in his post-race interview, referencing Verstappen without saying his name. "Charles did a great job. What a great battle," Hamilton said.  MORE FORMULA ONE NEWS...Red Bull star Helmut Marko expects Lewis Hamilton 'trouble' in AustriaLando Norris plotting to steal Max Verstappen fans at Red Bull's raceMax Verstappen defends angry team radio meltdowns ahead of Austrian GP "Very sensible driver. Clearly a lot different to what we experienced last year. In Copse for example, two of us went through there with no problem. What a battle." And Verstappen hit back, sarcastically saying that it was 'nice' to see that Hamilton was 'still learning' despite being 37. "I think it's great that, when you're 37 years old, at some point you understand how to hit an apex," Verstappen said. "He is learning, so that is positive. It is also good for younger drivers to know that you are still learning when you are 37 years old. "You can clearly see in the footage what was different compared to last year. I think Charles gave him less space than I did last year, so that says enough. In the end, he was the one who got a penalty last year, so there's no point talking about that either."