Jacob (played by Jack James Ryan) hasn't been seen much on Coronation Street with his girlfriend, Amy Barlow (Elle Mulvaney) recently, with the couple seemingly busy with their separate lives. Whilst the latter is still studying for her exams and working towards going to university, her boyfriend has got himself a job at the Underworld factory as a sales advisor. However, following Friday night's episode of the ITV soap, he could end up spending a lot more time with Summer Spellman (Harriet Bibby) seeing as they are both working at the same place. With Summer contemplating what she was going to do with her life now exams were over, she bumped into Jacob in the café. He was on the cake run for the factory but he was shocked to see she was still in the same place where he last saw her earlier in the episode. Having previously left the café with Summer's boyfriend, Aaron Sandford (James Craven), Jacob was on his own this time. "Can't be much fun sitting here all by yourself," Jacob remarked, with Summer telling him she was looking for a job to do over the summer. "Why is it every advert I see is asking for years of experience? I've called a few agencies but they don't seem too keen to help," she explained. READ MORE: ‘Floundering’ Harry’s US ambitions savaged by Sharon Osbourne Offering Summer some support, Jacob said: "What about the factory? They're looking for a personal assistant," to which she replied they were probably looking for someone with experience. "I could put in a good word for you," he remarked, explaining to the young woman it was worth a shot as the bosses knew her. "And then, plus, you'd get to see my smiling face all the time," he continued, clearly flirting with his girlfriend Amy's friend. "What's the worst that can happen?" he added before the conversation came to an end and the next time viewers saw Summer, she was sitting having an interview with Carla Connor (Alison King) for the role. She was determined to get the job, not just because she needed the money, but it could be she wants to see more of Jacob. After some persuasion, Carla gave Summer the job and the youngster was over the moon she was going to have a source of income. However, this is where the real storyline could begin as Jacob and Summer could start to develop more of a connection. Although they do get on with their respective partners, they seem to bring out something in each other that they haven't felt before. Especially with Summer, she might not feel so self-conscience around Jacob as he showers her with compliments. One night, they could be the last two left working in the factory and Jacob could admit to Amy's friend, that he has started to fall for her. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street star Beverley Callard unveils surprising new career [COMMENT]Corrie's Tony Maudsley in narrow escape as tree comes 'crashing down' [COMMENT]Maureen Lipman talks trans row saying stop 'kicking a**' at JK Rowling [COMMENT] Not expecting a response back, he could be shocked to discover Summer feels the same way and one thing could lead to another. Before long, they could be kissing and they could end up sleeping together as they feel so comfortable around one another. Unfortunately, this will mean they have betrayed their partners, who will be oblivious to the fact something is going on. The next part of the affair will be keeping it a secret as they know they will be judged harshly for their actions. However, will they confess to their partners they have cheated on them or will this be an ongoing storyline for the next few months? Jacob might not be too worried about Amy's reaction but he might want to hide when her mother, Tracy Barlow (Kate Ford) figures out what he's done. She will be out for blood because of Jacob cheating on her daughter and so will Amy's father, Steve McDonald (Simon Gregson). Having integrated himself into the family, he could become public enemy number one for betraying not only Amy but all of them. Executive producer, Iain MacLeod, teased Jacob's relationship with the Barlow/McDonald clan following his return to the show. The soap boss told Express.co.uk and other media: "We also really liked the idea of pairing Jacob up with somebody who is historically quite well behaved and wouldn't say boo to a goose." Iain continued: "That's Amy Barlow! We thought, 'How would Tracy and Steve react to Amy suddenly ending up in a romantic relationship with possibly the most unsuitable boyfriend they've ever heard of?' "Jacob did some heinous things, but he's mature enough to realise that he's got some amends to make. "So it's a nice story about redemption that's got a nice rom-com at the start of it. It's Meet the Parents done Coronation Street style." But will the rom-com come to an end when the family discover the betrayal Jacob has made against his loving girlfriend? Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.