The Walking Dead's Daryl Dixon has his fate sealed by a season 11 first-look trailer. The character starred in the teaser for the final episodes of the zombie drama, to the delight of show fanatics. Daryl Dixon (played by Norman Reedus) will feature in The Walking Dead part three as fans spot him in the teaser clip. The final episodes of the horror series are set to air in three days time and fans are not-so-patiently waiting to see their favourite characters return. The younger brother of Merle is the last surviving member of his family and right-hand man to Rick Grimes. Seen preparing for battle, it looks as though Daryl is at the start of an integration in front of a mystery woman in the sneak peak. READ MORE: Lorraine Kelly in savage sweating jibe at Prince Andrew A fan favourite since season one, viewers shared their reactions to the character's part in the final episodes. Twitter user Ziq wrote: "The only reason I am watching." Social media user @eumaia667 shared: "I'm crazy waiting for the final part." @timii_turner tweeted: "The producers of ‘AMC The Walking Dead’ have never missed out on making a fantastic season ( 1 -11) despite the show’s longevity. "Sad it is coming to an end soon…" The franchise headed to San Diego Comic-Con for a celebration of the last eight episodes. Heading towards the final chapters, fans are expecting a lot from Daryl and showrunner Angela Kang confirmed they wouldn't be disappointed. She said: "Daryl, more and more, is being thrust into the role of a leader and the way he does it is different than some of the others. DON'T MISS...Fear the Walking Dead's Madison star unveils Rick Grimes link [INSIGHT]The Walking Dead’s Negan star teases Alicia Clark appearance in sequel [INSIGHT]Fear the Walking Dead boss opens up on Charlie's 'difficult' fate [INSIGHT] "His style is not like Rick's, it's not like Maggie's or Ezekiel's. Daryl is Daryl. "He's not that guy who likes to give a lot of speeches. He kind of likes to do. "You're going to see Daryl have to step up in some of his decision making in some key ways, and he's going to be very crucial to the way all the events play out in this season," Angela revealed. Confirming the gang will get back together, Angela shared how the heroes will go into battle against the Commonwealth and their Storm-trooper-esque soldier. The final season of the zombie apocalypse show is split into three parts, the last of which fans are currently waiting for. Trailers already released led audiences to believe a horde of walkers are on their way as they break through the compound walls and start claiming victims. The end of part B left the gang in a bit of trouble as Lance developed a monopoly of control over the three main survivor sites. Season 11 of The Walking Dead continues to air on AMC in the US and STAR on Disney+ in the UK.