Nigel Farage, 58, made a bold political prediction on his YouTube channel yesterday after Donald Trump, 76, suggested he could enter the race for the White House in 2024. The ex-Brexit Party and UKIP leader, who is now a primetime host on GB News, even told his 310,000 subscribers that the former POTUS would likely win the election in little over two years' time. Mr Farage said: "I tell you what, I think they (the Republican Party) are going to sweep the midterms and he's got every chance of being back in the White House in 2024. "Expect the mainstream liberal media to start screaming, howling, they can't cope with the thought of him coming back but he's coming back, it's going to be great, it's going to be huge." The ex-MEP also claimed Mr Trump had lost weight and looked "energised" during the last year. Mr Farage met with Mr Trump in Mar-a-Lago last December for an interview later aired on GB News. JUST IN: Joe Biden told to 'resign and take Kamala with you' after US reached 'dangerous situation' Mr Trump hinted to the ex-Brexit Party leader he could run in 2024 and even expressed his admiration for the 96-year-old Queen ahead of her Platinum Jubilee celebrations. Mr Farage's recent comments come just days after Mr Trump addressed supporters at an America First Agenda rally in Washington DC. During his speech, the 45th President also peddled the unfounded claim that the 2020 US Election was rigged. Mr Trump said: "I ran the first time and I won, then I ran the second time and I did much better, we got millions and millions more votes, and you know what that's going to be the story for a long time and what a disgrace it was but we may just have to do it again." Mr Farage, who joined the ex-POTUS on the campaign trail in 2016 and 2020, also highlighted how Mr Trump was turning his electoral attention to law and order. Farage even claimed questions over Mr Trump's involvement in the January 6 riots on Capitol Hill, which resulted in at least 884 arrests, had been nothing more than a "bad afternoon". The incident is being examined by a bipartisan select committee in the House of Representatives and federal prosecutors are separately calling on witnesses to come forward to talk about Mr Trump's behaviour during the riot. Despite January 6, a recent opinion poll by Emerson College gave Mr Trump a three-point lead over his 79-year-old successor Joe Biden. DON'T MISSJoe Biden blasted for 'dithering' ahead of Taiwan showdown with China  [INSIGHTDemocrats will lose power due to Biden's mistakes says PATRICK BASHAM [ANALYSIS]China 'upping the ante' on Biden over Taiwan as US 'on a weak footing' [INSIGHT]