Zoe Ball, 51, has been the main host on BBC Radio 2's Breakfast show since 2019, when she took over from Chris Evans. The presenter has taken to Instagram today to share the sad news that it's her "last day" at her BBC Radio Manchester studio, before she returns to her regular studio at Wogan House in London. This comes at the same time as the BBC's recent presenter shake-up, as they head to a new stage of success for the business. Zoe posted the videos of the "sad-looking" studio this morning in view of her 654,000 Instagram followers. The presenter said in the video: "So last day in BBC Radio Manchester. I'm going to miss it here. "I've had such a lovely time and this morning I got treats from OJ." Zoe then showed the banana bread she had received from OJ Borg, the current weekday overnight host on Radio 2. READ MORE: Christian Horner admits 'problem' at home with Geri Halliwell The BBC announced a shake-up and show move last year, surprising many loyal radio fans. From September, Scott Mills will no longer be at BBC Radio 1, but will be making a move to Steve Wright's show on Radio 2. Scott's Radio 1 programme will be taken over by Vicky Hawkesworth and Dean McCullough. The new Radio 1 show will also be broadcast from the BBC's MediaCityUK studios in Salford. Last year, the station moved its first weekend show to Salford. The Across the UK initiative was announced in March last year and sought to make the BBC more representative by moving jobs and entire departments out of the capital. They hope to move to more regional bases in Birmingham, Cardiff, Leeds and Glasgow. The plans also include the creation of a new version of BBC One tailored for audiences in the North of England. DON'T MISS... Michael Parkinson enjoys rare public appearance with wife at Wimbledon [WIMBLEDON] Damian Lewis confirms he's found love again with Alison Mosshart [PICS] Macy Gray slams 'insensitive' threats amid backlash over trans views [COMMENT] The key daytime strands on Radio 1, 1Xtra and Radio 2 are being proposed to move out of London and across the UK. Radio 1's Newsbeat team are also relocating to Birmingham, which will also be the base for the Asian Network. Express.co.uk has contacted a representative for Zoe and the BBC for comment. BBC told Express.co.uk: "Zoe was broadcasting her Breakfast Show from the BBC studios in MediaCity, Salford, this week, but from tomorrow will be back in her regular home of Wogan House studio in London."  As well as leaving Radio 1, which has been his home since 1998, Scott will also no longer present his Saturday morning show on Radio 5 Live. His best pal Chris Stark, who joined Radio 1 in 2012, is also leaving the station. The pair were known for their bromance and pranking each other. They also raised more than £500,000 for Comic Relief with their 24-hour LOL-a-thon show in 2021. You can watch Zoe Ball on BBC Radio 2 weekday mornings from 6.30am