The condition is a leading cause of liver-related illness and death around the globe, affecting nearly a third of the population to date, according to new findings. Unrelenting exhaustion can be a sign of several underlying diseases, but when it strikes first thing in the morning, it may be pointing to liver disease. Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease is the term for a range of conditions caused by a build-up of fat in the liver. It is clinically associated with a number of symptoms, including abdominal pain, nausea and yellowing of the skin, but one of the most encountered complications is fatigue. Fatigue is a complex symptom that encompasses a range of complaints including lethargy, malaise and exhaustion, according to the Canadian Journal of Gastroenterology and Hepatology. Fatigue that strikes first thing in the morning could be hinting at an underlying issue involving the liver, the Mirror reports. READ MORE: Fatty liver disease: Your abdomen could unveil the condition It can also result in issues regulating mood and emotions, or lead to social and relationship problems. If fatigue persists, you should see a GP, as the longer NAFLD is left untreated, the greater the risk of liver scarring. It comes as scientists in Canada have warned that the rise in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease cases is exceeding expectations and growing at an alarming rate. Abdel-Aziz Shaheen, and colleagues with the University of Calgary, said: “Greater awareness of NAFLD and the development of cost-effective risk stratification are needed to address the growing burning of NAFLD.” READ MORE: Fatty liver disease symptoms: The signs of alcohol damage How to avoid liver diseaseThe most effective treatment for liver disease is weight loss, as it prevents a build-up of fatty cells inside the liver. Some studies show that the Mediterranean diet is particularly helpful to decrease the amount of fat stored inside the liver. The diet emphasizes fruits, vegetables, whole grains and legumes, and replaces butter with olive or canola oil.