A driver has been slammed for parking on a footpath, across a dropped kerb, and on ‘School Keep Clear’ zig-zags. The motorist managed to break three traffic laws in one go. A Middlesbrough Council-employed school crossing patroller made efforts to track down the driver parked outside St Edwards School, on Eastbourne Road, by knocking on doors. But when the Nissan Duke driver returned to the car, they were rude and confrontational to the parents who complained about their selfish actions, TeessideLive reported. Numerous schools around Middlesbrough are currently experiencing ongoing issues with parking outside their grounds. As a result, Middlesbrough Council has deployed neighbourhood safety wardens to remind drivers of their responsibilities. READ MORE: Londoners furious over ULEZ expansion Since the incident, school-run parents have been reminded that actions like this may be illegal and could land them with a fixed penalty notice of £70. Cllr Eric Polano, Middlesbrough Council’s Executive Member for Regeneration, said: “We would like to remind all motorists of their responsibilities in line with the Highway Code. “We understand everyone has busy lives but this is not an excuse to be inconsiderate of others. “Please follow the rules of the road and think of others when dropping off and picking up.” DON'T MISS Campervan couple turned away from favourite destination [SHOCKING] Drivers urged to avoid keeping beer in cars as it may cause damage [INSIGHT] Drivers urged to follow ‘key trick’ to save money on fuel this summer [REVEAL] The council also reminded drivers not to park on ‘keep clear zig-zags’, double yellow lines, footpaths, dropped kerbs and within 10 metres of a junction. Failure to comply with the law may result in a Fixed Penalty Notice of £70, reduced to £35 if paid within 14 days. The news comes after a driver was slapped with a £60 fine for parking in a disabled bay despite the fact he used a blue badge. A professor of criminology from Sheffield received a £60 parking fine after he took his parents for a meal in a restaurant in Spanish City, Whitley Bay. Philip Hodgson’s 84-year-old stepmother suffers from Parkinson’s and possesses a blue badge. READ MORE: Drivers urged to make use of simple button to boost fuel efficiency The 57-year-old professor used his stepmother’s badge as they enjoyed their meal in a fish and chips restaurant. However, to his surprise, he received a £60 fine a couple of weeks later. Mr Hodgson claimed he did not believe he needed to pay to use the disabled bay on June 3 as they are usually free of charge. Nonetheless, the company in charge of the car park, HX Parking, issued the fine, which would have doubled to £120 if not paid promptly. Mr Hodgson told ChronicleLive: "I think it's wrong. I think it's so unusual for a company to charge for disabled parking. “Normally with disabled parking you get it for free. “Do they not welcome people who are disabled or encourage disabled people to come? "I rang Spanish City and they're not bothered at all. It's done through HX Parking. He said it's nothing to do with them. I just feel a bit disappointed. I think Spanish City has got this one wrong." A spokesperson for HX Car Park Management said: "There is a sign in front of the disabled bays to state that the tariff applies to blue badge holders. “It also states in the ‘Blue Badge Rights and Responsibilities’ leaflet issued by the Government that blue badge holders are still required to check signage in all car parks, especially private ones, and should not assume that they can park for free. “Our entry sign notifies all drivers that they are entering private land."