Tyson Fury has revealed he is no longer friends with Derek Chisora after ‘Del Boy’ picked Dillian Whyte to beat him ahead of their fight in April. ‘The Gypsy King’ went on to stop Whyte in the sixth round of their contest but ‘Del Boy’ who has fought Fury twice was adamant Whyte would win via knockout. “I’m willing to put my house on it. I’m willing to put my house on Dillian Whyte knocking Tyson Fury out,” Chisora told talkSPORT. “Look at your faces in the studio! Tyson is my mate and I know he’s listening – Tyson, you’re going to get knocked out.” In Chisora’s last contest, he defeated Kubrat Pulev via a razor-thin split decision earlier this month. Despite being impressed by his fellow countryman’s performance Fury told talkSPORT Fight Night during an appearance on Sunday that he struggled to celebrate the win as he was angered by Chisora’s recent comments. He said: “I thought Derek did absolutely fantastic [against Kubrat Pulev]. However, me and Derek Chisora used to be chum buddies. I went to Monaco to support him. I went to Hamburg to support him. Then, as soon as I have a fight he goes, ‘I’ll pick the other guy’. So, Derek Chisora can kiss my a*** and if I see him I’m going to punch him in the face. “After the fight, he came to the afterparty and said this, that, and the other, made a million excuses. At the end of the day, you don’t do that to your friends. If you’re friends with somebody, you back them. You don’t go with the other guy who you don’t like anyway, you go with your friend.” Fury announced his retirement after the Whyte fight and has doubled down on this claim in recent months but now he has expressed his willingness to fight Chisora for the third time. MORE BOXING NEWS... Joshua 'could' face Brit who will 'knock him out' if he beats Usyk Deontay Wilder camp has Fury theory over Joshua and Usyk Luke Bennett taunted for 'not training' after embarrassing KO loss He continued: “After what he did, backing Dillian Whyte to knock me out, having his house on it and all that, how confident he was, we ain’t friends anymore. “And when I see you, Derek, you’ve got me to fight. Derek Chisora if you’re out there and you wanna fight come and see me. I’ve busted you two times already and I’ll do it again, you little sucker.” Fury won both of his fights against Chisora in 2011 and 2014. In their last contest, he became only the second man to stop the iron-chinned veteran with a tenth-round retirement victory. Since then, Chisora has only been stopped once – a knockout loss to Whyte in 2018.