Kelly (played by Millie Gibson) witnessed Gary's (Mikey North) violent side when he rescued her from a cellar her late father Rick Neelan's (Greg Wood) associates had locked her in. While the Coronation Street teenager was relieved Gary saved her, she was shocked by how brutally he fought one of her abductors off. Will a vengeful Gary track down the kidnappers in a bid to teach them a lesson?  Gary was told he would only be able to have Kelly back if he coughed up £50,000 which the thugs knew he didn't have. He managed to scrape together £24,500 by emptying his savings and using the rest of Rick's money he took from him after he killed him. The amount was nowhere near enough and his wife Maria Connor (Samia Longchambon) feared he and Kelly would be hurt when he went off to save her. As he located Kelly to where she was being held captive, he tried to free her but he was knocked out by one of Rick's associates. READ MORE: All Creatures Great and Small's Nicholas Ralph tribute to co-star Gary soon regained consciousness and ended up in a fight with the kidnapper. The scrap quickly turned vicious, with Gary looking as though he was going to kill again. After Kelly intervened, she persuaded her surrogate father to stop fighting as she was worried he could be fatally wounded. They later returned to Weatherfield after listening to Kelly's plea, but it appears as though Gary still cannot shift the kidnapping from his mind.  Gary actor Mikey recently spoke to Express.co.uk and other media about the dramatic storyline. When asked if Gary could kill again, the 35-year-old soap star explained he might do look after his family. "I think, given the same circumstances, he would do it again," Mikey added. Gary has been living in fear of Kelly learning he was the person behind her father's death for years. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Yasmeen Nazir killed after Geoff discovery [THEORY]Anne Robinson replaced as Countdown host by ex Coronation Street star [LATEST]Alan Halsall: How the soap star dealt with extreme hair loss [INSIGHT] He added: “With every day that passes, she's getting close to finding out the truth, so that increases the jeopardy." Mikey said Gary has been struggling to live with the guilt of murdering Kelly's dad, even though it was in self-defence. Addressing whether Gary will ever leave the criminal underworld, Mikey said: "I don't think he would be fully reformed, even if it may seem that he is. "There's always that bubbling to the surface of we don't know what he might do next, he could always go off the rails at any point."  He added: "He's like he's got nine lives like a cat." Will Gary hunt down the kidnappers to give them a taste of their own medicine and make them suffer? Or will Gary land himself in serious danger if one of Rick's associates stabs him and leaves him for dead if his plan backfires? Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV. 