Manchester United-bound defender Lisandro Martinez has been spotted on a private jet ahead of his transfer from Ajax. Martinez is set to become Erik ten Hag’s third signing of the summer as the Dutchman’s preparations for the new Premier League season finally begin to fall into place. United have finally agreed a £45million deal with Ajax following a drawn-out negotiation process. The Dutch side initially remained firm and insisted that their best players would not join Ten Hag at Old Trafford, but have now reneged on their stance. Martinez was a key player under Ten Hag as Ajax won the Eredivisie last season but injuries hampered his progress towards the end of the campaign. The 24-year-old has been consistently linked with United and Ten Hag has now got his top defensive target. The Argentine was pictured alongside his agent on a private jet seemingly headed to Manchester, where he is set to undergo a medical and sign his contract. An Instagram post by account @crbragarnick posted the picture with the caption "Rumbro a Manchester" which roughly translates to "Course to Manchester". De Telegraaf claim a medical will take place on Saturday. JUST IN: Man Utd to 'imminently announce' Martinez deal after Eriksen unveiled Martinez will join Christian Eriksen and Tyrell Malacia in arriving at United this summer. It had initially been a frustrating transfer window for Ten Hag and the Old Trafford hierarchy but their plans are finally coming to fruition. Ten Hag has been keen to reinforce a defence that conceded a staggering 57 goals last season. New left-back Malacia will provide competition to Luke Shaw and Alex Telles, while Martinez will feature at centre-back alongside Harry Maguire or Raphael Varane. Maguire has missed United's first two pre-season friendlies with a slight injury, giving a chance for Victor Lindelof and Eric Bailly to prove their worth to Ten Hag. The 52-year-old has overseen a successful couple of games so far, with his team scoring eight goals in matches against Liverpool and Melbourne Victory. DON'T MISS:Man Utd to 'imminently announce' Martinez deal after Eriksen unveiledEriksen speaks out on Ten Hag chat as Man Utd confirm transferEx-Man Utd star Jesse Lingard presented with Ronaldo-like offer United smashed Premier League rivals Liverpool 4-0 in Bangkok earlier this week. On Friday, a 4-1 win over Melbourne culminated a good start for Ten Hag. But it has been reported that Martinez and fellow new boy Eriksen will not join their new team-mates for the remainder of their tour in Australia. The pair will instead stay at home while United face Crystal Palace and Aston Villa down under. They could instead make their debuts against either Atletico Madrid in Oslo or when Ten Hag makes his Old Trafford bow versus Rayo Vallecano at the end of the month. United start their Premier League campaign against Brighton on August 7.