Sunscreen has been adopted as the first line of defence against epidermal damage. Diet, however, can also act as sunblock, offering adequate protection against different external environments. The consumption of certain foods may boost protection by enhancing the skin's integrity. One expert breaks down which fruits should be emphasised in your diet. Fortunately, the fruits that thrive during the summer months are the ones that offer optimal protection against the sun. Speaking on Instagram, Doctor Megan Rossi, a gut health and nutrition expert - offers some dietary advice to boost protection against the sun. She said: “Although sunscreen is always vital, what you eat can also guard you from UV damage thanks to skin-protecting chemicals called lycopene and beta-carotene found in fruits and vegetables like grapefruits, watermelon, papaya, red peppers as well as tomatoes. “According to one study, those who ate 40 grams of tomato paste with olive oil every day for 10 weeks experienced 40 percent less severe sunburn than those who did not. READ MORE: Should I peel my sunburn? The 4 ways to heal sunburn quickly Doctor Rossi added: “What’s really interesting is that these chemicals are MUCH better absorbed by our body when combined with healthy fats (hence the olive oil being used in the study mentioned above). “A great tip is that, to reap these enhanced benefits yourself, you can try adding some olive oil to your tomatoes, or full-fat yoghurt with a watermelon and papaya smoothie.” Indeed, foods that contain omega-3 essentially help maintain the skin's integrity and act as an anti-inflammatory too. These chemicals can help the body cope with the effect of overexposure to the sun. READ MORE: Four best sunburn remedies - how to instantly relieve sunburn “I think it’s fascinating that plant foods don’t just work internally to feed our microbes but also externally to protect us," noted Doctor Rossi. “The takeaway: Of course, don’t go skipping your SPF in favour of a Caprese salad! But it is interesting to know how you can dial up the protection of your skin this summer." If a sunburn does occur, the most important step in sunburn care is drinking extra water, as dehydration is a common side effect of sunburn. In fact, according to Johns Hopkins Medicine, severe sunburns can cause a person to become dehydrated and even go into shock. These can cause unpleasant signs such as fainting, low blood pressure and profound weaknesses when sunburn is severe. “Immediate medical attention is necessary if this happens,” says the health body. It adds: "By the time the redness and pain appear, the damage has been done." This is why the application of sunscreen roughly half an hour before exposing skin to the sun is essential, ideally followed by re-application of sunblock every couple of hours.