Writing on Twitter, Nile Gardiner blasted the administration for treating the American people with "utter contempt". The Foreign Policy analyst and Daily Telegraph contributor was reacting to comments given by White House Chief of Staff Karine Jean-Pierre in a press conference.  Mr Gardiner wrote to his 23 thousand followers: "The Biden Administration treats the American people with utter contempt. Completely shameless." Despite high levels of inflation and signs that the US economy could be heading into a recession, Ms Jean-Pierre was bullish about the country's economic position. The Martinique-born press secretary claimed that the US was "stronger economically" than it had ever been "in history". She said: "Because when you look at inflation when we look at where we are economically.  "We are stronger economically than we have been in our history. "When you look at unemployment numbers 3.6 percent. "When you look at the job numbers, more than 8.7 million new jobs are created. That is important." Mr Biden has himself painted an excessively rosy picture of the US economy. READ MORE: Outrage as Putin's mouthpiece Lavrov arrives at G20  Last month he told a meeting of the AFL-CIO, the biggest US labour confederation, in Philadelphia that he had never been "more optimistic" about US economic prospects. He said: "I truly believe we made extraordinary progress by laying a new foundation for our economy, which becomes clear once global inflation begins to recede. "I’ve never been more optimistic about America than I am today. "I really mean that." DON'T MISS: Ukraine war: Allies pegged to form 'United Nations army' [REVEAL] Biden sends two warships to Spain to bolster NATO defence [INSIGHT] Ukraine LIVE: Putin's nuke warning sparks fear of 'Ice Age' return  [SPOTLIGHT]  Speaking on the ABC late night show "Jimmy Kimmel Live!," in early June, Mr Biden made the extraordinary claim that the US had the "fasting growing economy" in the world. He said: "Look, here's where we are. "We have the fastest-growing economy in the world." CNN factcheckers have rejected Mr Biden's claim pointing out that although the US economy grew by 5.7 percent in 2021 over 50 countries experienced faster growth. While in the first quarter of 2022 the US economy actually shrank while it is only predicted to grow 2.5 percent this year. 