Almost a third of members of the Young Conservative Network questioned in a Politics Home poll said they would like the leadership hopeful to win the leadership race. Kemi Badenoch came in second, with 17 percent of respondents saying she would be best suited for the job. Her result was tied with that of Rishi Sunak. This is likely much lower than the former Chancellor’s team would hope at this stage of the race. Critics have, however, pointed out that the poll only considered the views of 158 individuals. Tom Tugendhat came in at fourth place, with the support of 16 percent of respondents. Behind him was Liz Truss at 11 percent. The Foreign Secretary did, however, this evening receive a big boost after failed leadership candidate Suell Braverman threw her weight behind her bid. Around half of her 27 backers are expected to follow suit, according to reports. Ms Badenoch said she was “disappointed” about the decision. READ MORE: Sturgeon prepared to ‘compromise’ on indyref She told LBC radio: “I am disappointed. Suella and I are friends, I'm friends with Tom Tugendhat as well, Rishi and Liz were my senior ministers, so it's all very close to home. “We're all friends, so every time someone supports one person there's another person that's been let down. "But I'm in it to win it. DON'T MISS: Hated Brexit deal ‘could shatter UK’ [OPINION] Farage blasts those blaming conflict in Ukraine for inflation [NEWS] Britons blast Tories and Labour who are ‘as bad as each other’ [OPINION] "I know people want to support the person that they think is most likely to give them a job, or who has been there the longest, that's the easy thing to do, the tough thing to do is to take a risk and try something different." Ms Mordaunt earlier today received a knock to her campaign on a different ratio station. Former Brexit Minister and Tory heavyweight Lord Frost told talkTV he hoped she did not become the next party leader and PM because she lacks competence. He said: “She was my deputy - notionally, more than really - in the Brexit talks last year. "I felt she did not master the detail that was necessary in the negotiations last year. She wouldn't always deliver tough messages to the European Union when that was necessary. "She wasn't fully accountable, she wasn't always visible. Sometimes I didn't even know where she was. This became such a problem that, after six months, I had to ask the Prime Minister to move her on and find somebody else to support me." Other polling has suggest Ms Mordaunt is the favourite among Tory party members – not just those who are younger – to become the next PM.