In the last few weeks, the CCP has declared sovereignty over the 100-mile strait which separates Taiwan from the mainland, while US President Joe Biden has intimated the US would intervene militarily should China invade. This week there are reports the CCP is now cushioning itself from future sanctions, with FBI director, Chris Wray, warning that China was “drawing lessons from what’s happening with Russia”. Meanwhile, MI5 director-general, Ken McCallum, warned that UK intelligence was running “seven times as many investigations into Chinese activity of concern” than in 2018.Wray said if China did “forcibly take over Taiwan … it would represent one of the most horrific business disruptions the world has ever seen”. At one level, the CCP may believe the West would never apply Russia-level sanctions to it.On the other, Beijing has seen the coordinated response to the Russia invasion. This comes as US General Mark Milley told the BBC a Chinese attack on Taiwan is not imminent, but that the US is watching “very closely”.The Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff said China is clearly developing the capability to attack at some point, but deciding to do so would be a political choice.There are rumours China’s onerous and draconian ‘Zero Covid’ lockdowns are not merely a face-saving exercise for Beijing but a stress-test for major conflict.In the last few weeks meanwhile, Taiwan scrambled jets to warn away 29 Chinese aircraft in its Air Defence Identification Zone (ADIZ), including bombers which flew to the south of the island.Such activities have become more frequent, designed to wear out Taiwanese forces by making them repeatedly scramble, as well as to test Taiwan’s responses.In May, Taiwan reported 30 Chinese aircraft in its ADIZ while China’s military – the People’s Liberation Army - conducted an exercise around Taiwan as a “solemn warning” against “collusion” with the US. Then in June, Chinese leader Xi Jinping signed a directive allowing for “non-war” uses of the military, perhaps paving the way for a ‘special military operation’ – akin to what Russia declared in Ukraine.Little wonder two US senators recently introduced a bill – the Taiwan Policy Act - to provide billions of dollars in security assistance to the island.While some analysts claim China has been spooked by the Western response to Ukraine as well as Russia’s apparent failings, Chinese state media has never stopped telling the Chinese people that Moscow is winning.Now the Russian military appears to be doing just that, pressure may increase on the CCP to make a move on Taiwan, a territory they are committed to retake.Xi – who just turned 69 – is unlikely to want to wait until his 80s to close the deal on Taiwan. Vladimir Putin is the same age and perhaps had the same calculation over Ukraine.Xi is unlikely though to make any move before the CCP congress in November where he is likely to secure an unprecedented third term despite opposition from a CCP faction focused around former leader Jiang Zemin.While the Taiwan Strait is tough to cross for much of the year, it is not impossible. Moreover, Taiwan is much easier to blockade than Ukraine due to its size and being an island.Like Russia vis-à-vis Ukraine, China has the advantage of proximity. The CCP has also militarised nearby islands in the South China Sea, and has the capabilities to fire at US forces in the region and beyond. All the US mainland is now within strike range of China’s Dongfeng-41 ICBM, while the success rate in shooting down such ICBMs is extremely low. Mounting Western fatigue over Ukraine could also embolden the CCP.It may take time for Chinese troops to ready for invasion but so too would it take time for US forces to gear up to repel. Should the US not intervene, China would likely secure not just Taiwan but dominance over the Pacific.This would have colossal implications for US power, even perhaps threatening the status of the US dollar. The implications for Asia-Pacific democracies like Australia, India, Japan, and South Korea could be incalculable.China has seen the West spooked by Russia’s nukes. It will believe the West will be similarly frightened off Taiwan, unwilling to back its tough-guy talk up with military interdiction. China is getting ready, but is the West?