The German F1 legend, who sustained catastrophic brain injuries in a skiing accident in 2013, is currently cared for at his £6.4million mansion on Lake Geneva in Switzerland. But his wife Corinna, 53, is said to have secured a £2.3million villa plot in the Spanish town of Port Andratx in Majorca.  Schumacher, whose condition remains a mystery, reportedly visited the new villa by helicopter, according to the Sun. German magazine Die Bunte reports Schumacher was also flown out to see the 54,000 square metre plot of land, which will become the family’s winter home. Die Bunte ran a preview for the front page feature titled ‘Corinna Schumacher: Your New Life in Majorca’, which states Corinna has “big plans on the sunny island” where she hopes to have the “best medical care” for Schumacher who can be with his family “as much as possible”.  Meanwhile, the land will also be used as a horse ranch as Corinna and their daughter Gina-Marie, 25, are both keen equestrians, with horses on their estates in Texas and Switzerland. Gina-Maria's boyfriend, Iain Bethke, is also a show jumper. The villa is currently full of dilapidated buildings and almond trees and was reportedly used to "raise and ride horses on". READ MORE: Michael Schumacher health update: Where is Michael Schumacher now? Local media Diario de Mallorca previously reported the huge plot would allow “Gina to practice her favourite sport”, with stables for the horses to be transferred from Switzerland. It said: “The idea is that the family will increase their number of trips to the island, especially in winter.” The land is in Port Andratx, near to the €32million mansion the family are believed to have bought from Real Madrid president Florentino Perez in 2017. DON'T MISS'Leave him alone' Fury as Schumacher's ex manager DEMANDS update [INSIGHT]Michael Schumacher rare health update given by close friend Jean Todt [INFO]Schumacher's wife in tears as son Mick misses ceremony honouring dad [POICTURES] The property boasts two swimming pools, stunning sea views, a large garden, a helipad and a guest villa. Schumacher’s career saw him amass a record seven world titles. His family and close friends have always insisted the racing super star’s condition is not a public matter.  The German driver, 53, was placed in a medically induced coma for nearly six months but then in June 2014 was discharged from hospital to receive medical care at home near Lake Geneva in Switzerland. His medical bills are said to cost £115,000 a week from a team of 15 nurses and physicians.  However, his recovery and current condition has been shrouded in secrecy - with official updates few and far between. The racing legend has reportedly been left paralysed following the tragic ski accident but those claims are unconfirmed.