Better Call Saul season six has been airing a new episode every Monday and Tuesday night on AMC and Netflix respectively. Episode 10 once again saw the drama delve into the black-and-white future with Saul Goodman (played by Bob Odenkirk), taking on the identity of Gene Takavic who works at a mall in Omaha, Nebraska. When Jeff reappeared in season six, fans were taken aback as it wasn't who they were expecting to see. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Better Call Saul. Cab driver Jeff was first introduced in season four during the flash-forward scenes where he was played by actor Don Harvey. Jeff, who used to live in Albuquerque, recognised Gene as the one and only Saul Goodman, thanks to his adverts around the town. This, of course, wasn't good news for Gene/Saul who was desperately trying to keep his real identity under wraps. Jeff has popped up on a few occasions but in season six, it wasn't actor Harvey who was portraying the cab driver. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan 'not showing love' claims royal author Levin Actor Harvey wasn't able to return to the set of Better Call Saul as he had contractual obligations elsewhere. He reprised his role of John Sieracki in HBO's We Own This City season six which had been filmed at the same time as the Breaking Bad prequel. This sadly meant Harvey couldn't feature in the final season of Better Call Saul. But it didn't mean the end of Jeff as his character was recast for the remaining episodes. The role of Jeff was taken over by actor Pat Healy, who is known for the Amazon Prime Video series Them and Grey's Anatomy spin-off Station 19. Viewers may also recognise him from Netflix films Run and Velvet Buzzsaw. Jeff played a bigger role in Better Call Saul season six's Nippy as Gene got him involved in a scam to carry out a heist at the mall. While it was unusual to welcome Healy to the role, its creators were eager for Jeff's story to play a part. DON'T MISS...‘Floundering’ Harry’s US ambitions savaged by Sharon Osbourne [ROYAL]Better Call Saul's Bob Odenkirk hints at Kim reunion in season finale [CAST]What happened to Jimmy at the end of Breaking Bad? [EXPLAINER] Speaking to Rolling Stones, executive producer Alison Tatlock said: "There were various conversations about how to approach it [Jeff being recast]. "In the end, we put our characters into impossible situations that they have to solve, and in this case, we put ourselves into a tough situation that we had to solve. "And we were so happy with Pat Healy’s performance as Jeff that in the end we did not feel it was a mistake or a tragedy at all." There are just a few more episodes left in season six before Better Call Saul is over for good. Episode 11 will be released in its usual time slot on AMC and Netflix. Fans are going to be delighted to welcome back Kim Wexler (Rhea Seehorn) who broke up with Saul in episode nine but why will she return? Better Call Saul season 6 continues every Monday on AMC in America and every Tuesday on Netflix in the UK.