Pedro Neto could just prove to be the perfect alternative to Raphinha if Chelsea or Barcelona pip Arsenal to a deal for the Brazilian international.The Wolves winger is one of the Premier League’s unpolished gems and is yet to be mined from Molineux, despite signs of interest from within the so-called Big Six. Neto missed a large chunk of the 2021/22 season with a knee injury but now he is on the road to recovery and ready to play a huge part under Bruno Lage in the Black Country. Yet when you take into account some of his best performances and moments in the gold of Wolves, there’s every chance he has what it takes to become a Premier League star. The Portuguese forward has scored a handful of stunners and is a joy to watch when he’s on song. He is a spellbinding blend of technique, speed and precision. There are large similarities within his game to Raphinha, although he is a more direct attacker who favours playing on the left - as opposed to cutting in. READ MORE: Leeds 'waiting for new Arsenal bid' before finalising Chelsea transfer deal for Raphinha But the 22-year-old could prove to be the solution for Arsenal, should they miss out on the Leeds man, who looks set to join Chelsea or Barca. Arsenal should cut their losses and move onto another superstar in the making in Neto and he is no stranger to the Gunners, who once tried to sign him during Arsenal Wenger’s reign. Back in 2017, Arsenal nearly bought Neto before he sealed a move to Lazio from Braga. A Bola in Portugal reported that Arsenal made a £13.2m offer for his services, yet Braga made it clear that he would only be available if his £17.6m release clause was met. Instead, the likes of Lazio, Monaco and Barcelona were left to battle it out for his signature and it's since emerged that Neto is an Arsenal fan. DON'T MISSLeeds 'waiting for new Arsenal bid' before finalising Chelsea transfer deal for RaphinhaArsenal 'respond' after receiving William Saliba transfer proposalLeeds 'identify Arsenal target' as Raphinha replacement as Tottenham ready opening bid He previously told talkSPORT: "When I was a kid growing up watching English football my favourite team was Arsenal. "No, Arsenal. Because with Arsene Wenger I thought besides winning trophies they played very good football. "Now I'm with Wolverhampton and am very happy! Of course it's the best club in England now." The Gunners have been left to rue their decision to cool their interest, which has since backfired with Neto now worth in the region of £50m. He was signed by Wolves in August 2019 as part of a double deal with Lazio that also included midfielder Bruno Jordao. Now Wolves would be set to earn mega money if they were to entertain a sale - although as of now, there is no concrete interest in the flying forward. Whoever misses out on Raphinha, namely Arsenal, should be all over Neto. He is going to explode into a world-class forward in years to come. His injury has halted his development but ultimately, the cream always rises to the top. Neto’s final day performance against Liverpool was clarification that he is destined to go on to great things. The sharpness may have been lacking but he has the ability to embarrass Prem