Many women want to know who to look younger without evasive surgical procedures. Express.co.uk spoke to Harley Street Skin Repair Expert, Lorena Öberg about the areas of the body that show one’s age the most, and what beauty products and treatments are best to reverse signs of ageing. Lorena explained why hands are one part of the body that shows signs of ageing:Hands are the most used part of our body. We use our hands thousands of times a day - everything from typing on a keyboard, driving, eating - we rely on our hands for everything. “In addition, due to the pandemic, our hygiene habits are better than before and the constant use of hand sanitiser affects the moisture in our hands causing them to feel dry. “Touching soaps, dirty surfaces and so forth, also has an impact on our hands. “The extreme exposure to the elements, as well as always being on show to harmful sun's UV rays, means that this is where age will show first. READ MORE: Early Amazon Prime Day beauty deals and predictions for 2022 “Your hands can be a giveaway to your age which is why they are so talked about. You can spot the first signs of ageing as early as your 30s. “Your hands will also see a significant reduction in volume due to the loss of fat which makes your skin lose elasticity, accelerating wrinkles,” Lorena revealed. “Dry skin, brittle nails, melanin spots (also widely known as brown/liver/dark/age spots) due to sun exposure, as well as, early signs of deformative arthritis are all signs of ageing that you need to watch out for.” As for how many years aged hands can add to someone’s age, Lorena said: “Ten years is typically what we see, however, it depends on how aged the person looks in comparison to their hands. DON'T MISS...Greene King offering free pints if you have a certain surname [NEWS]Kate Middleton’s new accessory to ‘inject fun & personality’ to outfit [COMMENT]‘Ideal’ time to eat dinner and lose weight during menopause [EXPERT] “I have had many clients that constantly hide their hands. Hands are the biggest giveaway [of ageing].” So how can you correct aged hands? Are there certain beauty products or treatments someone could have? Lorena explained: “One of my favourite tricks is using organic coconut oil, which you can buy in food shops, lathering my hands then putting on gloves to sleep in.” Organic coconut oil can be purchased from all supermarkets for as little as a few pounds. Moisture gloves for dry skin, or cotton gloves to sleep in can be purchased from a variety of beauty brands. READ MORE: Demi Moore, 59, showcases ageless beauty in sultry bikini shot “In terms of cosmetic procedures, every case is different, so the approach will vary from one person to another. “A combination of laser treatment for age spots, well kept nails and moisturiser are my go to treatments. “Laser treatments are £350 for both hands at my Harley Street clinic. “We also often combine laser treatment with injectables to further enhance skin rejuvenation and turn back the clock. It is all about putting back what time took away.” Anyone considering laser treatment, while it’s expensive, the majority won’t need many sessions. The expert said: “One laser treatment usually will give you between 70 percent to 85 percent on age spots, a top up might be needed for results above that.” Other areas of the body that show signs of ageing are the neck and chest. Lorena explained: “Skin in the neck and chest area tends to be naturally thinner than other parts of the body. “Due to this factor, collagen and elastin will break down gradually over time and you will start to see sagging on the jawline and neck area. “Combine this with constant sun exposure and you can see why the struggle with the neck is very very real.”