Arsenal have a number of players they can offer PSV Eindhoven to help them complete a deal for Cody Gakpo. The Gunners are claimed to have reignited their interest in the Holland winger. Arsenal are in the market for a wide player after missing out on Raphinha to Barcelona. Dutch outlet VI claims they have a strong interest in Gakpo. The forward enjoyed his best season in front of goal last term, netting 21 goals in all competitions. However, Arsenal have already spent over £115million on new signings this summer. Mikel Arteta will be keen on shifting a number of players who are not part of his plans. Express Sport looks at five who could be offered to PSV as part of a deal for Gakpo. Transfer news LIVE: De Jong reality check, Chelsea reeling, Everton may axe Dele  Bellerin's time at Arsenal is likely to come to an end. He spent last season on loan at Real Betis and is keen for a permanent return. However, it remains to be seen if Betis can afford a fee and wages for the Spaniard. With less than a year remaining on his contract, Bellerin could be offered to PSV. Nelson has also entered the final year of his contract at Arsenal. The Gunners academy graduate has not reached the heights many expected of him in his career so far. He was on loan at Feyenoord last season, so PSV would have had a close-up look at the former England under-21 international. He played the first half of Feyenoord's 2-2 draw with PSV in May. DON'T MISSArsenal already have their own Pogba which explains Tielemans stanceArsenal chief Edu opens up on signing Saka replacement amid Man City linksArsenal given date for potential Gakpo transfer after 'rekindling interest' in winger  The return of William Saliba from Marseille makes Mari the fifth-choice centre-back for Mikel Arteta. He spent the second half of last season on loan at Udinese and has been linked with a permanent move to the Italian club. But there has been no movement as of yet and Mari has featured in pre-season for the Gunners. The 28-year-old's contract at the Emirates does not expire until 2024. Torreira hasn't played a game for Arsenal in two years. He travelled with the squad on their pre-season tour to the USA before leaving early due to personal reasons. He is in the last year of his contract and seems to have no future in north London. Torreira impressed at Fiorentina last season but they did not take up the option to sign him.  The arrival of Oleksandr Zinchenko at Arsenal puts Tavares further down the pecking order at left-back. Marseille, Atalanta and Brighton have all been linked with the Portuguese ace. Arsenal would likely only entertain a loan, as they believe he has the potential to make improvements on his first season in England. 