Police were forced to seal off the area and declare it a danger zone as the uncontrollable fire tore through the village amidst the hottest heatwave Britain has ever experienced. One firefighter fighting the flames described the scene as “absolute hell”.  The fire is believed to have started in dry grassland around 1pm but the cause of the fire is unknown. Images taken from helicopter footage reveal that over half a dozen homes have been destroyed while nearby buildings and grassland continued to burn. A local elderly woman was reported to have been crying hysterically saying: “Oh my God the house is gone!” as her family tried to comfort her. The Wennington Premier Inn has been set up as a rescue centre for residents forced to evacuate.  Lynn Sabberton was forced to run for her life with her husband, who suffers from a lung condition. Both are safe, but Ms Sabberton said her husband is “not too good”. Mrs Sabberton said: “It was really spreading fast. It just spread that quickly and the wind caused it to go towards the village”. The wildfire destroyed homes on Wennington Road, the main street of the village home to over 300 people. Another resident, retired nurse Karen Stopp, grabbed her 60-year-old tortoise and managed to put him in a cage before fleeing her home, according to the Telegraph. Gary Ruel, a lorry driver who also had to evacuate his home, said: “I’m really worried about my house. I might have lost three cats, I got the dog out, but didn’t have time for the cats.” READ MORE: Princess Anne carries out three visits in one day despite heatwave  The wildfire quickly spread and fire stations from the surrounding area were called in to try and tame the flames. The fire was able to travel quickly due to warm winds. Wennington village, which sits between the border of Essex and eastern London, had firefighters from Dagenham, Deptford, Bethnal Green, Woodford, Lee Green, and Forest Hill travel to help. A spokesperson for the London Fire Brigade said: 'A row of terraced houses and an area of scrubland are involved in the blaze. The cause of the fire is not known at this stage.” DON'T MISS: London fires: Heathrow Airport metres away from huge blaze [REVEALED]Lightning map: UK's record-breaking 40C heatwave to be shattered [REPORT]Heatwave warning: 'Avoid gardening' for now to help your garden [INSIGHT]  The wave of fires breaking out in London has come amid record-breaking temperatures which have risen to over 40C. London Heathrow Airport registered temperatures at 40.2C (104.4F) on Tuesday at 12.50pm. Later in the day, Coningsby, Lincolnshire showed temperatures of 40.3C (104.54F), making it the new hottest temperature ever recorded in the UK. The National Trust has warned people to avoid lighting barbecues in the extreme heat and not to leave any glass bottles on the ground. 