Paul Page, who served as an armed protection officer at Buckingham Palace for six years, painted a picture of a bad-tempered and foul-mouthed prince. He recalled one moment when Prince Andrew allegedly screamed and shouted at a guard after he stopped an unidentified woman at the gates who claimed she was visiting the Queen’s son after hours.  He told The Sun: “Andrew led a very weird life - he was the only member of the Royal Family we had to bend the rules for. "We would let unauthorised and unknown women into the palace after hours for him." Mr Page says it was usual protocol for a member of Andrew’s team to meet the royal’s guests before they were taken up to the duke. But after stopping an unknown woman, she got out her phone and called up Andrew who then passed it over to Mr Page’s colleague. He says the officers heard him screaming and shouting: “‘Listen to me you fat lardy a*** c***", let my guest in or I am going to come straight down there’. "He was screaming so we let her in. And that was the sort of attitude we got from him. Officers were fearful of digging too deep.  READ MORE: Prince Andrew blasted in attack by ex-Royal police officer “He was the only one, we had females coming in who didn't know their names. It stood out like a f** sore thumb". The 43-year-old added: “He’s a very angry person, if he doesn’t get what he wants he starts throwing f**** about everywhere." Mr Page said he believed Andrew's poor attitude was “because he was the “Queen's favourite" and was always given "too much rope".  DON'T MISS Ghislaine Maxwell wants to halve sentence by serving time in UK [INFO]Calls for Prince Andrew to be 'next target' for prosecutors [REVEALED]Ashen-faced Prince Andrew seen for first time since Maxwell sentencing [PICTURES] He added: “Had a Prince Philip stuffed a bar of soap in his gob when he was a kid the first time he told a servant to f*** off - perhaps none of this would have happened.” The former Royal officer also attacked the Duke of York for failing to cooperate with authorities over his alleged links to Jeffrey Epstein and Ghislaine Maxwell.  His scathing attack comes after Maxwell was on Tuesday sentenced to 20 years in prison for luring young girls to massage rooms for Epstein to molest. Prince Andrew settled the US civil case brought against him by Virginia Giuffre, who alleged she was trafficked by Epstein and the Duke sexually assaulted her at the age of 17, earlier this year.  The out-of-court settlement was not an admission of guilt as Andrew has vehemently denied all allegations.