Chalet owners at Humberston Fitties, in Cleethorpes, are becoming increasingly frustrated by a large screen and set of loudspeakers on the neighbouring Haven Thorpe Park holiday resort. Some claim the noise from concerts and the screams of holidaymakers can be heard at all hours of the day, leading a number of residents to question whether or not they should sell up. On top of this, they claim it's negatively impacting the local wildlife as it borders a Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI). These sites are found all over the country and contain highly unique and sometimes rare ecosystems that must be protected. According to GrimsbyLive, some residents worry that the constant noise and loud music could lead to the area being stripped of this important accolade. A Haven spokesperson told GrimsbyLive that sound levels for the new facilities were set and agreed with the local council, and that it "remains in regular dialogue" with officials. Kay Ling has had her chalet since 2020 and is right next to the SSSI site. She believes something needs to be done to stop the noise issues from damaging the environment. She explained: "I'm all for holidaymakers enjoying themselves and what they've created is lovely, but it is having a big impact on the wildlife. "In my opinion, the speakers and the screen are facing the wrong way, with the sound travelling towards the protected site. I enjoy the music and it's nice for a weekend, but having it all day every day would be too much. It would be nice if it was just now and again, but not every day." She added: "The birds tend to nest in the last big tree on the Fitties after all the others were cut down, but with the noise it's not what they want either. We've got to fight to keep the SSSI status, surely the two parks can work in harmony."  Dianne Ritchie lives directly next to the field with the screen and speakers in and she claims it's ruining the peace and quiet that people come to the Fitties for. She said: "I feel like the screen and speakers are facing the wrong way. On an evening it just gets so loud. We like to have the door open for my mum to get some fresh air, but it can be quite annoying when the door's open and all you can hear is the stage. It wouldn't be as bad if the singers were actually any good." She added: "This area is peaceful and it's meant to be somewhere you come to get away from life, but you can't do that with the constant noise." Dianne and her partner bought the chalet recently and had started to renovate it, but the issues with noise has now made them think twice about keeping the building. She said: "We were planning on renovating, but now my partner is questioning whether to even bother keeping it because of the noise. My mum has just been diagnosed with cancer and we brought her here to relax and enjoy the nature, but she can't do that at the minute." One man commented: "If it was closer to our chalet I'd be up in arms about it. You come here for peace and quiet, but you can't have that if there's constantly music playing." One resident has been on Humberston Fitties for seven years, but now says her time might be up following the growing issues with noise.  She explained: "It makes you not want to be here. We came down for my birthday a couple of weeks ago and all we could hear was the music, it made me feel like I didn't want to be here. At the minute, most of us feel that the balance between the two sites has been tipped in favour of the commercial business, not the Fitties. "Even if you shut the windows you can still hear it at a night time. It should be peaceful, but it just isn't anymore. It's also affecting local businesses by putting people off from visiting the town as they're just staying at the resort rather than seeing what Cleethorpes has to offer." In a statement from the Fitties Owners Tenants Association, a spokesperson said: "The county, in particular this area, has a long and successful history of finding the right balance between people, nature and economy. This new development on Thorpe Park has disrupted this balance, threatening local ecology and environment.  "The new development is already impacting the well-being of local residents and visitors to the area, including those on the Humberston Fitties. This area has always been a place for peace and quiet and relaxation. With the growing cost of living crisis, this area gives residents of the county, and further afield, somewhere to visit that is free, with loads to see and do. More importantly, they are able to take in the sights and sounds of local wildlife and environment without the disturbance of man-made noise.  "People do not have the option to move their homes or chalets, we do not want to see the local wildlife move away or disappear from the coast, Haven does have the option to stop or move this type of noise, with much of the Thorpe Park in areas without neighbours or bordering SSSI areas." In response to these comments, a Haven spokesperson said: "We’re aware of the community's feedback regarding our outdoor entertainment facilities at Thorpe Park. We are sorry for any disruption and although sound levels for the new facilities were set and agreed with North East Lincolnshire Council, we remain in regular dialogue with them." 