Greater Manchester Mayor Andy Burnham has blasted the Conservative failure to improve rail infrastructure across the north of the UK. Mr Burham declared “London doesn’t get treated in that way” as he argued the Tories had unfairly prioritised industry in the south of England and left the north with insufficient transport services. With the Conservative leadership contest set to announce a new Prime Minister in September, the Mayor declared he would support any candidate that would commit to levelling up the north of England and delivering on the 2019 manifesto pledges.    Speaking on GB News, host Gloria De Piero asked: “The Transport Secretary, last month, announced more than a trebling of investment for rail in the north to over nine billion to upgrade rail routes - why isn’t that enough?” Mr Burnham replied: “Because it doesn’t deliver what they promised us at the last general election. “The Tories stood on a clear promise to build a new line across the north of England, a Crossrail for the north. What they came back with was half a line and I’m sorry it’s just not good enough. “You can’t chop a city like Bradford completely out of the modern rail system.”    Led by Boris Johnson in the 2019 general election, the Conservatives promised to deliver a “transport revolution” by investing in rail infrastructure. The Tory manifesto read: “We will build Northern Powerhouse Rail between Leeds and Manchester and then focus on Liverpool, Tees Valley, Sheffield, and Newcastle.” The Conservatives also promised to work with northern leaders to overcome issues surrounding the timing and costs of the HS2 rail network in order to deliver “the optimal outcome.” The Tory efforts to deliver the promised transport improvement has faced fierce backlash as the Northern Powerhouse Rail project has been repeatedly cut back, delayed, and otherwise changed from the original outlines. Read more: Public spending in the north lower than England average Mr Burnham continued: “London doesn’t get treated in that way, so why should we? “We shouldn’t have to choose between a good north-south line and a good east-west line, we deserve both it we’re going to have modern infrastructure here that sets us up for the 21st century. “I’m saying to these two leadership candidates, and I’ve written to them along with the other mayors across the north, sit down with us when you win, let's talk about the plans for railways in the north of England.” He added: “Stick to your manifesto, deliver what you said you would and we will support you.” Don't miss: Truss and Sunak not taking levelling up 'seriously' [ANALYSIS]Brexit trade war looms for next PM as EU and UK continue to battle  [REVEAL]Tax cut NIGHTMARE awaits Tory leadership winner  [REPORT] Tory leadership candidate Liz Truss has declared she is “completely committed” to delivering the Northern Powerhouse Rail project to level up communities across the north. Speaking in Leeds, Ms Truss said: “What I want to see is really fantastic rail services and better roads so people are able to get to work.” Mr Burnham celebrated the pledge of the Foreign Secretary as he added: “I will work with any politician that is committed to investing in the north of England and levelling us up with the south. “If Liz means it, then that is genuinely a breakthrough and it’s good news so I hope it’s true.” Read next: Liz Truss eyes NEW mega deal with £12tn bloc of 52 nationsMP's fears for £96billion Northern rail deal planPublic spending on North 19% lower than London despite 'levelling-up'Fury as Sunak supporter says UK is RACIST if Rishi is not PMGB News: Panellists debate a Boris comeback