 The news comes after US National Security Advisor Jake Sullivan made public that US intelligence services believe the Islamic Republic of Iran was going to sell drones to Russia. In the statement, Mr Sullivan said some of the drones would be weapons capable, and Iranian engineers would train Russian forces on how to use the equipment. However, Iran’s Foreign Minister Hossein Amir-Abdollahian has said his country opposes the war in Ukraine.  Although Iran has remained a close ally of Russia, and in the early stages of the conflict was condemned for not standing against the war, Mr Amir-Abdollahian said: “We are against Russia’s military attack in Ukraine.” The statement came ahead of Mr Amir-Abdollahian’s visit to Italy where he is due to meet business officials, the Italian Foreign Minister and officials from the Vatican. Mr Amir-Abdollahian was asked about US allegations Iran was supplying Russia with drones. He said: “We have various types of collaboration with Russia, including in the defence sector. “But we won’t help either of the sides involved in this war because we believe that it needs to be stopped.”  The top Iranian diplomat went on to slam Western arms companies for profiting from the conflict in Ukraine. He said: “We will avoid any action that could lead to an escalation, but we will work to stop the war.” Mr Amir-Abdollahian ended by insisting diplomacy was the sole solution to ending the war. He said: “We are convinced war is not the solution for Ukraine and that even if the conflict lasts for a long time, there will be no other way to resolve it other than through negotiations.”  READ MORE:Putin to visit Tehran Iran is currently in talks with members of the Iranian nuclear deal known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action or JCPOA. Talks to see the US return to the table have stalled over conditions to lift US-imposed economic sanctions on Iran. The US has so far failed to reverse the tough sanctions imposed on Iran by former President Donald Trump. Iran has insisted certain conditions must be met in order for the US to be welcome back into the agreement. Mr Amir-Abdollahian said progress has been made on a draft agreement, but added: “there are questions to be faced.” He added: “We are asking for a strong economic guarantee. “If a Western business signs a contract with its Iranian counterpart, it must have the certainty that its project will be realized and will be able to receive compensation.’’  DON'T MISS:MoD and BAE to partner in Glasgow and build new shipyard [REPORT]Putin's 'weak points' devastated as US rockets hit [REVEAL]World holds breath as China's invasion date for Taiwan predicted [INSIGHT] The comment apparently referred to business deals affected by sanctions against Tehran. Iran has long insisted its nuclear programme is purely for peaceful civilian purposes. Speaking of Iran’s commitment to the deal, Mr Amir-Abdollahian said: “Iran is determined in its efforts to reach a serious and lasting agreement on the nuclear issue.” Russian President Vladimir Putin is due in Tehran next week alongside Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan. Speaking of the reasons for the trip, Iran’s Foreign Minister said: “It will be a trilateral summit in Astana format. “The first in-person summit in three years. “Important issues such as the return of Syrian refugees to their country, sanctions against Syria, and the possibility of Turkish military operations in the border area to fight terrorism, will be discussed. “President Ebrahim Raisi met with President Putin in Turkmenistan a fortnight ago and told him that while Iran understands the roots of the war, it remains opposed to the conflict. “We will certainly continue our efforts to reach a ceasefire in Ukraine by taking advantage of President Putin’s presence.” Scroll down to our comments section below to share YOUR views on this story In the meantime, US President Joe Biden is on a trip to Israel and Saudi Arabia. Speaking of Iran’s view of the trip, Mr Amir-Abdollahian said: “In recent months we have had positive talks with Saudi Arabia. “Respect for our neighbours is one of our foreign policy priorities. “We have been told Biden’s visit is about food and energy security. “The Israeli regime would like it to be an opportunity to promote security issues and use it against Iran. “We hope that the American side will ensure it does not turn into an unconstructive visit, in opposition to the stated desire to reach a conclusion at the nuclear negotiations.”  Follow me on Twitter @JamesLee_DE for more Defence and Security News