In a classic episode of The Chase shown on Friday, ITV host Bradley Walsh asked contestant Gerri and Mark 'The Beast' Labbett a question about Thailand. However, things quickly took an unexpected turn when the 62-year-old made a joke, leaving Mark to put his head in his hands, gasping "Oh god".  During RE teacher Gerri's round of questions, she was asked by Bradley: "Lese-majesty is another term for what crime? "A, perjury, B, blackmail or C, treason?" The contestant answered treason. "You've put... yep, treason, I'd have put that," Bradley remarked. He continued: "It's got to be, hasn't it? Lese-majesty, it's got to be, surely. READ MORE: Garraway slaps down Rayner over Starmer’s ‘fun’ at Wimbledon "To go through with £6,000, the correct answer is... treason!" The presenter turned to Gerri and stated: "Very, very good, excellent!" Chaser Mark had also opted for the correct answer and gave some background information to go with his choice. "Yeah, because it's still a crime in Thailand and the recent death of the king of Thailand... although the populace is very polite about him they say, 'There are reasons why they're not rude.'" "Wow," Bradley responded before asking: "Have you ever been to Thailand?" Mark revealed he hadn't, and Bradley continued: "No, me neither," before quipping: "I've been to Sock Shop. Anyway." Mark plunged his face into his hands as he exclaimed: "Oh God.... oh." He went on: "Oh, just when you think you give him nothing to work with, he finds a way." DON'T MISS... Helen Skelton delivers warning as she blasts Britain's 'filthy' rivers [VIDEO]Piers brands Boris Johnson 'a wreck behind closed doors' [LATEST]Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield confirm This Morning break [LATEST] Bradley grinned at the camera before winking and announcing an advert break. When the show resumed, Mark took on James, 33, who achieved an impressive £11,000 in his cash builder. With Colin and Gerri accumulating £13,000 between them, this left the trio with a whopping amount of £24,000 to fight for in the final chase. Unfortunately, the final contestant, Alaina, had been caught by Mark during her round.   An intense final chase saw the three contestants going home with the cash after Mark failed to catch up with them. "I tell you what, much closer than you would imagine," Bradley summarised as the team breathed a sigh of relief. "All about the pushbacks," the host commented, adding: "Brilliant, that. Congratulations, you've outrun the chaser - well played!" "These are the games I live for," Mark confessed. "Because I can just have fun and go for it. You absolutely earnt the money, well-played guys." The Chase airs weekdays at 5pm on ITV.