His view was confirmed by another of our dear departed, Ian Aitken, political editor of The Guardian. “Before I leave home” he used to say, “there are 650 people wanting to speak to me”. He would have been more accurate if had said “649”. Margaret Thatcher often had to be persuaded to speak to the media. Nonetheless, Westminster is a garrulous place and too often they speak without engaging their brains. They can also be vicious as the Tory leadership election is proving. So much for a unifying candidate. This compulsion to say something has got a lot worse since my day in the 1980s. Believe it or not, I did the No 10 press secretary’s job without a mobile phone or a computer. Now mobile phones are the focus of the population, even when crossing a road, and computers have landed us with the anti-social media. Then came Tony Blair’s administration with its media mania. My successor in No 10, Alastair Campbell, below, demanded “instant rebuttal” of the balderdash served up by the ether. This swelled the ranks of communicators and the frenzy of it all. I wallow in this nostalgia because if I have one hope of Boris Johnson’s successor it is that he or she will demonstrate their common sense by overhauling the No 10 communications machine and inducing a more thoughtful approach. Boris’s regime often contradicted itself or colleagues or parroted inconsistencies and when it came to scandals could never get the story right first time. How much this reflected his cavalier nature or the inability of staff to stand up to him is not entirely clear. But one thing is certain: any government facing the current multitude of serious issues needs not merely a convincing plan agreed by the Cabinet for solving them longer term but a far more thoughtful approach to its presentation. The public like to think their Government knows what it is doing. Rising to every bait does not carry conviction. We could do with more of Harold Macmillan’s approach to government: “cool, calm deliberation unravels every knot”. I recognise it is not much help in the changed circumstances of the 2020s to suggest that the new Tory leader puts the clock back 40 years. But there are lessons to be learned post-Boris from the Thatcher years. She recognised that she could only go as far as the majority of the Cabinet agreed. That makes for serious discussion as well as man-management. It requires a willingness to listen as well as making your case. I, therefore, hope for a more collegiate Government which really argues the toss. There is then a better chance that inconsistencies will be ironed out and the press secretary enabled to carry credibility. It would also help if the bloated No 10 machine were seriously slimmed. There have been too many chiefs and too many Indians. It just makes for a Tower of Babel. There is plenty of room for cutting the staff if it is true that Boris Johnson’s No 10 operation was 400 strong – about eight times the size of Mrs Thatcher’s largest. The clear-out should include special advisers – Spads, as they are known – whose briefings often contribute to the confusion of the message. The communications focus should be on a slim press office, allowing for 24-hour media, not political advisers learning their political trade at the taxpayers’ expense. If the new PM also intends to work with the much-criticised Civil Service, he should revert to having a high-flying principal private secretary, not a so-called chief executive imported from another world. We have seen what damage can be inflicted on the machine by outsiders in the form of the vindictive, Dominic Cummings. Anyone who harbours even the thought of bringing him back should be summarily ditched as certifiably mad. Having revived Cabinet Government, promoted argument, drastically slimmed the machine and concentrated the communications focus, the new PM should recognise that governments need regularly to till the soil of public understanding. I am well aware that the last 40 years have reduced the public’s attention span and brought insouciance to clever-dick broadcast presenters. But the nation needs regular updating on the Government’s approach, policies and progress through searching but respectful interviews with the leader. Credibility is everything in successful government. Let that be the watchword of the new regime. My ideas might help to achieve it. Above all, think hard before you speak to the successors of Messrs Moncrieff and Aitken. Presentation is a serious business.