Gridlock at Dover has become a new frontline for the Brexit debate, with would-be holidaymakers facing hours-long queues en route to France. Brexiteers have placed the blame on a vengeful France, while those on the opposing side of the debate have cited the UK's post-Brexit third country border arrangements. Queues forming on the other side of the English Channel have helped complete the picture as Dover authorities declare a “critical incident”. The Port of Dover's French counterpart is Port Boulogne Calais, which ferries British and French tourists to the UK. As British officials see continued disruption, their French counterparts remain trouble-free. Cars are currently progressing smoothly to the crossing this morning. READ MORE: Dover travel chaos 'has been going on for decades' Traffic monitors with Michelin have marked every road around Port Boulogne green. The green markings mean cars are "moving", and there are no queues for returning Britons or French tourists. Dover, on the other hand, has most traffic lanes leading to its ferry terminals marked yellow or red. Those colours show that cars are either stuck in heavy traffic or jams as they approach terminals bound for France. Transport experts have said congestion on the British side ultimately comes down to post-Brexit travel arrangements. Over the weekend, drivers became stuck on the road when congestion forced officials to implement Operation Brock, which converts the M20 into a "lorry park". The arrangement caused queues along roads leading to Folkestone, while Port of Dover officials blamed French administrative failures for issues closer to the English Channel. Doug Bannister, the port’s chief executive, said French border patrol organisation Police aux Frontières had failed to effectively staff passport booths. On Friday morning, French officials had only staffed four of nine border patrol booths, according to the Guardian. The French Government has denied accusations it failed to provide staff, however. Brexit will have led to additional issues in Dover, as the process has created several new border requirements. French staff must adhere to stricter rules now the UK has become a "third country" in relation to the EU. Any travellers hoping to holiday in France must have several details checked by staffers that wouldn't have been necessary while in the EU. British tourists must now supply: