Many pensioners may think they will only be entitled to the state pension, but for those living with conditions like arthritis, other help could be on the horizon. Arthritis is a common condition which can cause pain and swelling - inflammation - in one joint or more. It is difficult to treat arthritis, and those with the condition are encouraged to undertake exercise and physiotherapy. However, understandably, it can impact people in different ways, with some finding it particularly difficult. The condition can affect mobility, tasks around the home, and getting out and about. As a result, a payment called Attendance Allowance could provide financial support with these challenges. READ MORE: Pensioners may pay National Insurance - what it means for you It is designed to help with extra costs for those with disabilities or health conditions severe enough that they need help or support. The payment is split into two key rates, and the one a person gets depends on the level of help they need. The lower rate is worth £61.85 per week, for those who need “frequent help or constant supervision during the day, or supervision at night”. Whereas the higher rate is £92.40 per week for those who need help or supervision throughout both day and night. DON'T MISSHalifax issues warning on sinister social media scam on refunds [WARNING]‘Good things come to those who wait!’ Old Premium Bonds get prizes [UPDATE]'The worst is yet to come' Britons reckon with 'runaway inflation' [INSIGHT] As a result, those on the higher rate could obtain an additional £4,000 per year to support their needs. However, this is not all the support that those on Attendance Allowance could be entitled to. The Government website explains: “You could get extra Pension Credit, Housing Benefit or Council Tax Reduction if you get Attendance Allowance. “Check with the helpline or office dealing with your benefit.” READ MORE: PIP claimant ‘left with no money’ after energy bills tripled All benefits are paid into a person’s bank, building society or credit union account. To be eligible for Attendance Allowance a person must have a physical disability, a mental disability, or both. This condition must be severe enough for the individual to need help caring for themselves, or requiring supervision. Britons must have also needed this support for at least six months. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Claimants must be in Great Britain when they claim, and also habitually resident in the UK, Ireland, Isle of Man or the Channel Islands. Some individuals will need to attend an assessment to check their eligibility, but this will only be necessary if it is unclear how their illness or disability impacts them. It is worth noting those who already get PIP, Disability Living Allowance (DLA) or Adult Disability Payment (ADP) cannot get Attendance Allowance. To apply, Britons will need to use the Attendance Allowance claim form and send it via post to Freepost DWP Attendance Allowance. The form comes with notes telling individuals how to fill it in.