Naomi, who is also an umpire and tennis champ, spoke to BBC Breakfast sports correspondent Mike Bushell about her brother and how he was preparing for his upcoming game. She revealed Liam had an unusual method of de-stressing from tennis. Liam is going to be playing at Wimbledon at 1pm today (July 2) with the BBC airing coverage of the match. Reflecting on Liam playing at Wimbledon, Naomi said: “To have these moments, to have these tens of thousands of people screaming and cheering for you. So I hope he just enjoys the moment.” Bushell asked if Liam’s nerves had “kicked in” and if he was “pacing around the house” in anticipation before the game. Naomi admitted she hadn’t spoken to her brother about how he was feeling ahead of playing at Wimbledon today. She explained: “He went to bed early last night. I think his way of switching off is watching Love Island in the evenings. READ MORE: ‘Hell hole - Get it off!’ BBC viewer blasts Glastonbury coverage “So numb his brain maybe. Take away the pressure. But he didn’t watch it last night.” Naomi continued: “He was like, ‘I’m tired. I’m going to head up to bed.’ “His round was a really gruelling, physically and mentally battle. So I think he just needed a day or two to rest.” She added Liam would be refreshed for his latest round, saying: “So he’s had a nice, long sleep so he’ll be ready for today.” Liam will be facing Alex de Minaur today in their fourth-round clash. He recently saw off his opponent Diego Schwartzman last week. Meanwhile, other Brits have been doing well after Cameron Norrie saw off competition from American player Steve Johnson and the British sportsman is ranked number 12 in the world. This is the first time he’s reached the fourth round of a grand slam tournament. Heather Watson reached the fourth round of Wimbledon for the first time after she beat rival Kaja Juvan. Unfortunately, both Andy Murray and Emma Raducanu have crashed out of this year’s competitions. Mike has been covering Wimbledon for BBC Breakfast and even managed to locate a bust of player Dorothy Round, who was revealed to be a distant relative of weatherman Matt Taylor. Speaking about Dorothy, Matt revealed to his colleagues Charlie Stayt and Naga Munchetty, he explained: “She is my gran’s cousin, was Dorothy Round. “She won the Wimbledon’s women’s singles final twice, I think she won the mixed doubles three times at Wimbledon.” DON'T MISS...Emmerdale theory: Nicola King to exit as she murders beloved villager [ANALYSIS]Emmerdale theory: Moira Barton's secret son identified in huge twist [INSIGHT]Escape to the Chateau’s Dick Strawbridge admits ‘not everyone’s a fit' [VIDEO] Matt continued: “And she also won the Australian Open, all back in the 1930s.” The weatherman added: “I’d like to say the tennis rubbed off on me, Naga, but it didn’t I’m afraid.” However, Naga praised Matt for his skills as a meteorologist. She told him: “You have many other talents!” BBC Breakfast also featured a segment on late bowel cancer campaigner Dame Deborah James, while Newswatch featured a call from an irate anonymous viewer hitting out the BBC coverage of Glastonbury and Wimbledon. BBC Breakfast airs on BBC One daily from 6am