The news comes as, overnight, several huge artillery strikes hit Russian military infrastructure in the area. The strikes are believed to be preparation for a massive offensive involving hundreds of thousands of troops to retake Kherson Oblast. Reports from Telegram suggested Ukraine had begun a three pronged offensive in the region, however these could not be independently verified by Express.co.uk. The Twitter account War Monitor, which uses open source intelligence to report on conflicts, claimed the Ukrainian offensive in the south had “liberated territory”. It was clear, however, that Ukrainian artillery has continued to pound Russian positions in the region. The strike last night in Nova Kakhovka was so large that there were unverified reports of ammunition still exploding there this morning. Ukraine claimed to have killed 52 Russian soldiers in the overnight attack. Ukraine's southern military command said in statement: "Based on the results of our rocket and artillery units, the enemy lost 5️2 [soldiers], an Msta-B howitzer, a mortar, and seven armoured and other vehicles, as well as an ammunition depot in Nova Kakhovka." The Institute for the Study of War (ISW) said that the push has forced Russian forces in Kherson City to begin preparations for an urban warfare battle.  In an update ISW reported: “Ukrainian forces continued to strike Russian ammunition depots and command points in Kherson and Zaporizhia Oblast on July 11. “Advisor to Kherson Oblast Military Administration Head Serhiy Khlan reported that Ukrainian forces struck a Russian command centre and equipment concentration in Tavriisk (approximately 62km east of Kherson City).” It added: “Khlan also stated that Russian forces are preparing for urban warfare in case a Ukrainian counteroffensive does reach Kherson City and have strengthened security and filtration measures around the city.” The city, which had a pre-war population of nearly 290,000, would likely be the site of a fierce urban battle reminiscent of Mariupol if Ukrainian forces manage to move the frontlines there.  READ MORE: ‘Beautiful’ Mia and Lena Tindall delight royal fans Just days ago, Ukrainian officials urged civilians to leave the area or risk becoming “human shields” for Russia. Deputy Prime Minister Iryna Vereshchuk said: "It's clear there will be fighting, there will be artillery shelling... and we therefore urge [people] to evacuate urgently. "I know for sure that there should not be women and children there, and that they should not become human shields.” Ukrainian newspaper The Kyiv Independent also confirmed the strikes in the southern area on Twitter.  DON'T MISS:Putin humiliated as US rockets strike fear into Russians [ANALYSIS]Oprah’s advice to Harry and Meghan amid row [INSIGHT]How Russia's forces stack up against the UK's Army, RAF and Navy [REPORT] Russian Major General Artem Nasbulin was reportedly killed in the overnight attacks along with other high-ranking officers. In the east of the country, the Russian continued their slow but brutal push to capture territory. According to Ukraine’s general staff, they were unsuccessful in making any territorial gains. The ISW, however, noted that Russian Telegram channels described heavy fighting along the eastern front, likely meaning the area was still contested as Ukrainian defenders tried to push back Russian troops. 