International Trade Secretary Anne-Marie Trevelyan accused Penny Mordaunt of shirking her ministerial role to plot her leadership bid. Ms Mordaunt is a minister in Ms Trevelyan's department, but there have been times when "she has not been available" and others have had to "pick up the pieces", the Secretary of State claimed. Asked whether Ms Mordaunt is not "strong on details", Ms Trevelyan, who is backing Tom Tugendhat for the Conservative Party leadership, said: "We all do our jobs in different ways. "Understandably, perhaps, now it's clear, Penny has for the last few months spent some of her time focused on preparing her leadership campaign, for which I have utmost respect, that's how this system works." Ms Trevelyan told LBC Radio: "There have been a number of times when she hasn't been available, which would have been useful, and other ministers have picked up the pieces." She added that Tom Tugendhat will get another shot at the Conservative Party leadership if he fails in this attempt. READ MORE: POLL: Who won Sunday night's Tory leadership debate? VOTE HERE Ms Trevelyan told Nick Ferrari: "He has this extraordinary ability to bring people together to work with him who would not otherwise work together. "I think it's a genuine gift and I wanted the rest of the world to see much more of it. "If this isn't his time, I hope that there will be a future time when he can lead the party." Mr Tugendhat is at risk of dropping out of the race in Monday's ballot, having finished below his rivals in the last round of voting. It comes as MPs will stage a vote of confidence in the Government on Monday amid renewed opposition calls for Boris Johnson to step down immediately and hand over to a caretaker prime minister. If the Government is defeated it would almost certainly trigger a general election, although that would require a significant number of Tory MPs to vote against it, or at least abstain. That however would appear unlikely given the party is leaderless and in no fit state to fight an election, while the initial wave of anger at Mr Johnson has largely subsided. It may offer the Prime Minister a final chance to defend his record before MPs after the tumultuous events which led to his downfall, amid accusations of lying and rule-breaking. DON'T MISS Tories need a new idea not a Thatcher tribute act - JONATHAN SAXTY [COMMENT]Boris faces no confidence vote TODAY after surprising MPs [INSIGHT]Tory leadership LIVE: Truss betrayal as Brexiteers eye up rival [LIVE] Mr Johnson had been expected to open the debate - although it is not clear whether he will now do so or whether he will leave it to another minister. Unusually, the vote will take place on a Government motion. Labour had originally said it would seek to hold a confidence vote after Mr Johnson announced he was staying on as Prime Minister until the autumn and a new Conservative leader was in place. However, the Government refused to accept the wording of the Labour motion, which expressed no confidence in the Government and the Prime Minister, effectively forcing Tory MPs to go on record saying they still had confidence in Mr Johnson if they wanted to avoid an election.