Princess Anne, 71, made an appearance alongside her older brother, Prince Charles, at Buckingham Palace on Tuesday evening. The Princess Royal and the Prince of Wales both spoke to guests at the reception for recipients of The Queen's Awards for Enterprise at Buckingham Palace in London. For this occasion, Princess Anne wore a beautiful navy dress.  The lace design had gold buttons down the front and sleeves reaching the Princess’ elbows. The Princess Royal carried a navy clutch bag with two gold chains to accessorise. The colours of the clutch perfectly matched Anne’s navy and gold dress. For jewellery, Anne wore an interesting gold seahorse brooch.  It is unclear whether the Princess has worn this brooch before, but it perfectly matched the gold buttons on Anne’s dress. The Princess also wore a striking gold watch to keep with the theme of gold jewellery. Anne chose a simple two-strand pearl necklace and drop pearl earrings for tonight’s royal engagement. For makeup, the Princess wore a natural coverage with bright pink lipstick.   She styled her hair in its famous bouffant style. Prince Charles also opted for navy clothes on Tuesday evening, with a navy suit. His tie was decorated with a light blue and white checkered print. The Prince paired this with a matching pocket square.  READ MORE: Princess Anne’s ex-certificate show is enchanting, says VANESSA FEL... The Queen's Awards for Enterprise is an awards programme for British businesses and other organisations that excel at international trade. Other things recipients can excel in include innovation, sustainable development or promoting opportunity. They are the highest official UK awards for British businesses. This engagement was the second activity of the day for Princess Anne, who was in Yorkshire earlier on Tuesday.  The Princess Royal attended day one of The Great Yorkshire show in North Yorkshire. The annual event is one of the biggest agricultural events in England. Princess Anne visited the Great Yorkshire Show for the first time in four years. The show is Yorkshire's biggest agricultural show, which Princess Anne previously visited in 2014 and 2018. She followed the tradition that a member of the Royal family visits every year. 