Soaring temperatures may be accompanied by soaring prices as many of France’s nuclear power plants shut down during the heatwave. To make matters worse, Germany is not experiencing enough wind to power its turbines, prompting fears of a renewed pressure on an already gas-starved energy grid. It isn’t just mainland Europe affected by the shut downs, France is a major energy exporter which supplies the UK with a significant amount of power. Europe, which relies heavily on Russian gas, is already in the midst of its worst energy crisis in decades. As the continent purchases more fuel from other sources, prices go up. Although the UK gets little of its gas directly from Russia, it has not been immune to shocks in the market, sending the price of gas soaring over the last several months. Now, with nuclear power plants in France producing a fraction of their normal output, electricity prices are likely to rise further. Under EU rules power plants must reduce or stop nuclear power generation when rivers reach a certain temperature, this is to ensure the water used to cool the plant does not damage the environment when discharged.  French energy company EDF is only producing about half of its normal energy output as 56 of its reactors are offline due to maintenance and inspections. Coupled with the soaring temperatures and more shutdowns, the utility estimates that production this year will be the lowest in 30 years. EDF confirmed earlier this year that it was buying energy from the European grid to keep up with demand, this likely comes in the form of electricity produced by burning fossil fuels, like natural gas, and could affect prices. With temperatures expected to climb as high as 38C in Paris next week, it is unlikely that the plants which aren’t already shut down will be functioning at their full capacity. In addition, still winds in Germany - Europe's largest producer of wind energy - have caused production there to drop to a fraction of normal levels.  READ MORE: US weather: State of emergency declared in Virginia floods In February, wind farms in Germany produced 50 gigawatts of power; that number had dropped to just 3 gigawatts as of Tuesday morning. The reduced supply is being met with increased demand as households and offices run energy-hungry air conditioning systems in a bid to beat the heat. As the United Kingdom is a net-energy importer and receives five-10 percent of its electricity needs from Europe, it is likely the country will feel some of the pinch from the reduced supply. The news comes while a blistering heat wave could see temperatures rise to the high 30s next week.  DON'T MISS:Royal Family: Prince Harry sparks backlash with intervention [LIVE]Chevron CEO warns 'risks remain skewed' as oil prices plummet [ANALYSIS]Putin facing rapid ammunition wipe out [REPORT] As Britons try to keep cool, many will be shelling out extra on their energy bills. For example, running a typical 120W fan overnight could cost around 33p a night, according to USwitch. That may not sound like much but it adds up to an extra £2.35 a week while those opting to use a portable air conditioner could face costs of approximately £19.60 a week. On Tuesday, electricity prices in France rose to their highest level since April, only time will tell if the UK will follow suit. Additional reporting by Monika Pallenberg. 