Wednesday’s Capricorn Full Supermoon brought with it a force for change and a much-needed reality check. However, as it transitions into a new cycle in Aquarius at 9.14am, the progressive and liberating Moon will lift the heavy burden of yesterday and shroud you with a new sense of optimism. Express.co.uk reveals your horoscope, star sign reading, astrology and zodiac forecast for July 14. The Aquarius Moon mood is one to defy expectations, ditch the meeting, and hold a view from a lofty, objective height, according to Live About. Cafe Astrology said it is “impartial, kind, and progressive”. The astrology experts added: “Independence, equality, and freedom are vital to feeling emotionally satisfied today.” During this Moon transit, you might be more cooperative and open to change, which will be a breath of fresh air after the more stubborn and disciplined transit in Capricorn.  READ MORE: Holly Willoughby mercilessly mocked over listing 'moon' as employee  Known to be one of the more aloof signs, emotions have a higher tendency to be pushed aside during Aquarius Moon transits - which isn’t always a good thing. Astrology TV said: “Certainly, the focus on logic cools the emotional temperature, which can be helpful in hectic or overwhelming times. “However, during an Aquarius Moon it’s difficult to get to grips with emotional problems, so we tend to try to ignore them – and that leaves them to fester, which is rarely helpful.” On the upside, the sign is highly idealistic, gregarious, and futuristic, so expect to gravitate towards more fun and friendly social encounters, innovative approaches, and philanthropic ventures.  Astrology TV said: “The Aquarius Moon can be a visionary Moon, helping to drive forwards progress, especially environmental and technological progress.” Mercury will form a sextile to the True North Node of the Moon later today, which might help drive you towards information or people who encourage you to “grow, improve, or move forward”, according to Cafe Astrology. And to enforce this energy, the Mars-Vesta aspect in play will aid with more easily directing energies into meaningful activities. Vesta is the brightest asteroid in the sky, as well as one of the largest.  DON'T MISS: How to keep cool at night - 7 tips to reduce temperature '50p trick' [EXPLAINED]Diet plan: Eat 'essential' foods to stay cool in a heatwave [ANALYSIS]How to keep cats cool during a heatwave - 6 ways to keep your cat safe [INSIGHT]    Named after the goddess of the hearth and keeper of the flame from Roman mythology, the asteroid Vesta represents that "little light" inside you that makes you special, according to Love to Know. It said: “Vesta's primary energy is devotion, sacrifice, commitment, and service” The energy of Vesta in Astrology helps fine-tune focus on your goals and the dedication it requires to achieve them.  Its conjunction with fighter planet Mars represents strong will and an even sharper focus. Advanced Astrology said: “You can be impulsive in your work, but you do manage to accomplish your goals.” Make the most of the planet positioning today to realign your focus and move in the direction that will help you achieve what want from the year. 