It is claimed this could boost the pension savings of low wages workers by nearly £100,000. Richard Holden, the Conservative MP for North West Durham, will make the case in the Commons this week that a change in the law would transform the pension pots of people who do not go to university but start work or take up an apprenticeship straight after leaving school. He is also pushing for pension schemes to have new freedoms to invest in major infrastructure schemes that will benefit communities far from London. Mr Holden said: “To me, this is just such a no-brainer. I can’t believe that the Government haven’t yet done it because auto-enrolment has been such a massive success across the rest of society.” According to the think tank Onward, the proportion of people in a workplace pension scheme has rocketed from 46.5 percent in 2012 when automatic-enrolment was introduced to 77.6 percent in 2020. However, there is concern that those aged under 22, part-time workers, and people earning less than £10,000 are missing out on the benefits of a pension because they are not automatically enrolled on a scheme. Will Tanner, director of Onward, said: “Auto-enrolment has been one of the most important reforms of the last decade, bringing millions of people security in old age. But if you’re young, if you work part-time or if you are a low earner, you don’t get the benefits." “If a worker on the national living wage was included, they would save an extra £94,000 over their lifetime – an increase in their pension of 60%. And best of all, it will generate trillions in capital for pension funds to deploy towards infrastructure and housing." “It is essential that the Government makes good on its manifesto pledge, and levels up pensions for all.” Mr Holden said: “This is about engineering a revolution for working-class people for their pensions, particularly women and people who leave school at 18 and start apprenticeships or start work.” He also wants rules to be relaxed to remove obstacles for pension schemes to invest in infrastructure projects. “It’s all about how you deliver long-term investment outside of metropolitan London and we need to think of constructive and creative ways of doing it,” he said. “To me, this seems like one of the clearest and easiest ways of doing it.” It is claimed Treasury officials have been wary of making the changes because this would involve extending tax relief. A Government spokesman said: “Automatic enrolment has succeeded in transforming pension saving, with more than 10.6million workers enrolled into a workplace pension to date and an additional £28billion saved in 2020 compared to 2012. “The Government’s ambition for the future of automatic enrolment will enable people to save more and to start saving earlier by abolishing the lower earnings limit for contributions and reducing the age for being automatically enrolled to 18 in the mid-2020s." "We want to make sure that these changes are made in a way and at a time that is affordable, balancing the needs of savers, employers and taxpayers.”