Buckingham Palace is one of the key landmarks in London, especially as a tourist attraction. However, some American tourists were left unimpressed after flying hundreds of miles to visit the palace, which is reportedly worth £1.3billion. The poor reviews included everything from the changing of the guard to the gift shop.  One royal fan posted: “Don't go if it's raining! “Don't risk it and go there if there is a chance of rain in the forecast. “We arrived when it was not raining, then it did. “The Buckingham personnel didn't, and apparently never announce the cancellation until 25 minutes past the start time! “People were waiting in the rain with hope. “Even the police/security staff at the palace didn't know about the cancellation. “The cancelling wasn't a big deal but knowingly keeping people's hope up was,” the royal fan noted.  READ MORE: Princess Diana's 'revenge dress' moment showed her 'complete change' Another tourist claimed the visit was: “Short, uninteresting and lame. “We went on a group experience to Buckingham Palace arrived super early. “Checking in was fast, but when going into the palace I was shocked to find that it was so short and uninteresting. “All that the palace shows you is how the elitists lived their lives by going to parties and hoarding paintings. “The place was all so godly which was tacky in my eyes. “Overall the experience was lame. “It's not worth spending your money on this palace, they don't even allow you to take photos of the place. “Save your pounds. Don't spend money in their gift shop it's full of expensive coats of arms representing the palace luxuries.”   The palace has 775 rooms, including a gallery, stunning gardens and a ballroom. Many of the rooms are private but royal fans can catch a glimpse of some of the palace’s highlights. Back in October 2020, Kate Middleton and Prince William were photographed in the throne room with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky and his wife Olena. The room was stunning and regal with red and gold furnishings and a large marble fireplace. Gold framed mirrors and bold red carpets made the room look even more eye-catching. It has been the setting for spectacular balls during the reign of Queen Victoria to Investitures held by King George V. READ MORE: Sophie Wessex lives in grandest royal home near Kate's future house The Palace Ballroom has a similar decor to the throne room and has been used to host guests and state dinners. The room has red carpets and a white horseshoe table in the centre. Gold panelling and candelabras are on the walls along with landscape paintings. Six chandeliers hang from the ceilings which make the room spectacularly lit. This is one of 19 staterooms in the palace which has hosted both world leaders and other important guests. The room has several gold mirrors and a pink floral carpet.  Blue and gold chairs match the carpets and add a splash of colour to the room. Famously William and Kate met with then-President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle in this room. This is where the Queen makes her yearly Christmas Day speech. The room has white walls, gold borders and red and cream carpets. Family photos placed on a wooden table can often be seen by viewers when the Queen gives her speech. The room also has an impressive chandelier that hangs over a gold grand piano. 