 Yorkshire Building Society’s  Internet Saver Plus account offers a tiered rate of interest and currently, those who have savings of over £50,000 can see an interest rate of 1.6 percent. The standard rate for those with savings of up to £10,000 sits at 1.25 percent and those above £10,000 are given a rate of 1.55 percent. The rates that Yorkshire Building Society offers for this account can however sometimes vary and are subject to change.     The Internet Saver Plus is an easy access account for people who want standard and straightforward savings. The main idea with easy access accounts is that people pay cash into them, the bank pays the interest while the money's in the account and people can withdraw whenever they want. These accounts are useful if a person needs to dip into them in case of an emergency. The interest on this account is calculated daily and the annual interest on this account is paid on March 31 each year.  READ MORE: State pensioners may be able to increase sum by up to £14.75 weekly  The interest is paid directly into this account or into another Yorkshire Building Society account or another building society or bank account. People can open an account with just £1 and can be opened online by filling out the building society’s “simple, straightforward application form”. People have to be at least 16 years old and a UK resident to open the account. The account can also be held by someone of their own or jointly with someone else. However, only one account can be opened per person.     The account can be managed online, so people are able to check their balance and interest rate anytime. People can also make and view transactions on their accounts in the same way. Yorkshire Building Society states that if someone deposits £500 in the account then after 12 months they will have accumulated £6.25 worth of interest. This would take the account’s balance to £506.25. If a person deposited £10,000, in the first 12 months the account would have earned £155 worth of interest taking the account’s balance to £10,155. READ MORE: ‘Game over!’ Woman, 42, watches as hackers steal £10,000 in attack     For a £50,000 deposit, Yorkshire Building Society states that £800 worth of interest would be made. The bank stated that these calculations were made assuming that the amount deposited on the opening of the account remained throughout and no deposits or withdrawals were made in the 12 months and there were no changes to the interest rates. The maximum balance for the Internet Saver Plus is £500,000. The Money Saving Expert website highlighted this account as having the “best rate for a standard account that does not require you to open a linked current account”.     Moneyfacts also highlighted the interest rate rise to 1.55 percent has taken this account “in the top 10 when compared to other easy access products currently on the market”. Moneyfacts said: “This offering may be an attractive choice for those looking to maintain unrestricted access to their nest egg, as both unlimited withdrawals and additions are permitted. “The account can also be simply opened and managed online and, following the update, earns an Excellent Moneyfacts product rating.”   