Jeff Hordley, who plays Emmerdale bad boy Cain Dingle, has been at the centre of some explosive storylines since he arrived on the ITV soap in 2000. The Yorkshire-based soap's 50th anniversary is now just months away, and the 52-year-old actor has teased there are some "big stories planned" for his character. Speaking to Lorraine Kelly on her ITV talk show, the father-of-two opened up about the soap turning 50 in October. Jeff teased: "We have got some big stories planned, so watch this space. "We know, kind of roughly, what's happening now but as the cast, we are always the last to know. "But we know what is going on and I think [they've] lined up a month of really great storylines." READ MORE: Amanda Owen shares surprise over Clive’s unusual present Lorraine added: "50 years [of Emmerdale], that's incredible, isn't it? "It seems to be going from strength to strength and I think the new time slot, as well, is easier to watch." She also told him she thought the episode lengths of half an hour were the "perfect" amount of time. "I think we have one hour a week, but it's great fun," Jeff remarked.  "Long may you continue to do what you do, I can't wait to see what you do this week," Lorraine exclaimed. Jeff praised his talented female co-stars for making the soap so successful. "I am blessed to work with such brilliant actresses, it makes my job so much easier," he added. "Lucy [Pargeter] and Sally [Dexter] are just the best." DON'T MISS... Jack Downham girlfriend: Is Emmerdale's Noah star in a relationship? [EXPLAINER]Emmerdale theory: Rishi Sharma's new lover unveiled as history repeats [THEORY]Emmerdale theory: Al Chapman secretly working with Meena Jutla [SPOILER] Jeff paid a tribute to his on-screen mother, who will be leaving the soap in the coming months. "I'm so upset about losing Sally Dexter, though," he added. "There are a few actors who come onto the set and you just can't take your eyes off them and what they do." While Cain has been described as a thug over the years, Jeff explained to ITV viewers he did not feel this was the case.  "He's a very complex character, he is a product of what happened to him as a child," Jeff said. "He had a drunk for a father and a mother that left him when he was 10 or 11. "I think that's why Cain is the way he is. He's not just this kind of thug or this moody kind of furrowed brow character that was once two-dimensional, but now isn't because I've been in the show for so long." Emmerdale airs weeknights at 7.30pm on ITV and Lorraine airs at 9am on weekdays. 