First Dates is the captivating fly-on-the-wall series where hopeful singletons put the fate of their love lives in the hands of Channel 4. The show's creators set them up for blind dates at a stylish London restaurant with viewers able to watch how they play out. The show has been airing for almost a decade and has since welcomed spin-off shows First Dates Hotel and Teen First Dates. First Dates sees new customers welcomed to the restaurant every episode, sharing their past experiences and what they hope to get from the date. Cameras capture every moment of their first meeting, whether it be laughs, tears or just plain silence. At the end of their date, they are asked if they would see each other again and while many have resulted in the friend zone, some romances have gone on to flourish. Over the years, there have been hundreds walking through those doors but far fewer staff members. READ MORE: America’s Got Talent: Simon Cowell in tears watching Nightbirde Acting as the maître d'hôtel is enthusiastic French star Fred Sirieix who welcomes the daters. Most of the original stars have left First Dates over the years, but along with Fred, waitress Cici Coleman remains on the Channel 4 series. As well as serving customers at the famous restaurant, Cici has her own online lifestyle coaching business and hosts the podcast The Dating Show, with TOWIE's Pete Wicks. But while speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Cici revealed when fans can expect the return of First Dates. An official release date for season 19 hasn't been announced just yet but the 35-year-old says there isn't too much longer to wait for the new episodes. Cici simply said: "July is when the next series [of First Dates] is out and August we've got the [First Dates] hotel." So it could be a matter of weeks before Fred and the gang are back to help more daters fall in love. The waitress also revealed it isn't the easiest job having such an up-close and personal view of a first date. DON'T MISS...Why Didn’t They Ask Evans showrunner on ‘exquisite’ lead actress [CAST]Cici Coleman boyfriend: Is the First Dates waitress in a relationship? [RELATIONSHIP]Fred Sirieix unveils 'dream first date' in rare personal life insight [EXPLAINER] Cici explained: "It's quite a privilege being able to watch people hopefully fall in love, see a relationship unfold and people on a date. "Seeing their and the way they do things makes you think 'oh my God, do I do that? Is that what I would do? Is that how you flirt?' "And it's really, really interesting and on the flip side, when things aren't going splendidly well with an awkward silence, I can't deal with awkward silence. "So the first thing I want to do is jump in and make that situation OK but equally, I'm not going to be there the whole time." "Awkward silences can sometimes turn into something positive because somebody has got to step up", she continued. Cici went on: "Someone's got to step in and either say the obvious 'this is really awkward' or ask how many brothers or sisters they have got. "I try and stay away but there have definitely been times where I've jumped in," she admitted. First Dates is available to watch on All4.