The Duke of Cambridge announced earlier this week that the 2022 awards ceremony for his £50 million global environmental competition would be held in Boston in December. But royal commentator Kinsey Schofield said the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, who are living in America after quitting royal duties in 2020, are not likely to join William and Kate at the event. Ms Schofield, who runs the ToDiForDaily royal website, told Express.co.uk: "The likelihood of Harry and Meghan travelling to Boston to support the Cambridges and Earthshot is highly unlikely. "And quite frankly, I don't think that the Cambridges want them anywhere near it. "The Cambridges are pushing forward, focused on the future and survival of the monarchy. The Sussexes seem to stew in the past. "The Sussexes' presence would be a distraction from the work that the Cambridges are trying to accomplish. "Don't be surprised if Harry and Meghan announce another project around the same time though to divert attention." Ms Schofield's comments come as William and Harry have been at the centre of an ongoing rift. The once-close brothers reportedly spent no time together when the Sussexes returned to Britain for the Platinum Jubilee last month. Speculation over whether Harry and Meghan will attend the Earthshot Prize event in the US will no doubt be high. The Sussexes live in California, a state with a worldwide reputation for embracing environmental causes. It comes after the inaugural awards ceremony was held at London's Alexandra Palace last October. William and Kate dazzled as they walked down the "green carpet" at the glittering do. The future King's initiative aims to find solutions to save the planet and £1 million in prize money was presented to the winners in five categories or Earthshots - Protect And Restore Nature; Clean Our Air, Revive Our Oceans; Build A Waste-Free World; and Fix Our Climate. Over the 10-year cycle of the awards, £50 million will be awarded to individuals, charities and even countries for the winners to develop their ideas. William was inspired by former US president John F Kennedy's Moonshot project which set scientists the challenge of placing an astronaut on the moon and returning him safely - and in the process helped advance mankind's achievements. The John F Kennedy Library Foundation, alongside the City of Boston and its mayor Michelle Wu, will be host partners of the Earthshot Prize awards ceremony.  Caroline Kennedy, the former president's daughter, said: "There is no more important Moonshot today than repairing the planet and no better place to harness the Moonshot spirit than the City of Boston." The Earthshot Prize was founded by William and his Royal Foundation in 2020. Last week it was announced the project had formally become an independent charity, with the Duke now its president. 