Former Conservative Party leader Sir Iain Duncan Smith urged the UK to start to invest in “more production of gas and oil from the UK” as a manoeuvre to fund the UK economy as well as to help the European Union become less dependent on Russian exports. He criticised the European Union for establishing tight gas supply links with Russia, but argued that by investing in the production of own gas and oil, the UK "could in a few years be exporting its resources onto the continent of Europe” and “help the European Union dramatically over the new few years”. Sir Iain told Talk TV: “Here in the UK we may not be as badly affected as Germany and others are because we have a very small dependency on Russian fuel, but we have made a series of errors over the last few years. “All parties seem to have signed up to this green at any cost issues. “We should have been investing in more production of gas and oil from the UK. “The idea that we are now no longer an exporter but an importer of Norwegian gas makes you wonder that if we were producing our own gas getting on with it then what we could do is relieve Norway of having to export gas to us. “They could be exporting it to Germany and Italy. “We, in turn, could in few years be exporting gas and oil back onto the continent of Europe. “We could help the European Union dramatically over the next few years. “By doing what is right for us and at the same time helping [the European Union] by being able to get our own reserves and export.” READ MORE: China sends troops and tanks to Russia for massive military exercises He added: “Russia is weaponising its gas supply. “Countries like Germany and Italy are completely dependent on [Russian] gas. “It’s been very bad politics for nearly 15 or 20 years. “Putin has been reinventing the Soviet Union over there for a considerable time. DON'T MISS: 'Oh my God' Truss and Sunak panic as Tory debate pulled OFF AIR [WATCH]Angry voter rumbles PM hopefuls and pinpoints 'fundamental issue' [LISTEN]Carrie and Boris caught in 'in flagrante' with 'door unlocked' in No10 [INSIGHT] “It’s a brutal, ghastly regime. “It’s not democratic and it’s certainly not a human rights organisation. “We should have treated with him as he is, not as we wished or thought he might become”. The comments came as Russian energy company Gazprom said it will once again significantly cut gas supplies to the European Union. Earlier this month, the North Stream 1 pipeline, which sends gas from Russia to Germany, was completely shut down for a 10-day maintenance period. In light of the move from Moscow, the European Union has accused Russia of using gas supplies as a weapon amid the EU’s continual support of Ukraine. READ NEXT: Brexit LIVE: 'Childish' EU shuts down official relations with UKReport slams hated Brexit legislation for 'FAMINE' of economic impactsWhat Liz Truss does with her multimillion pound fortuneQueen's Guard screams at London tourist 'We'll never return!' - VIDEOBritons snub £450m fund to install heat pumps in net zero push