Prince Charles’s charity, the Prince’s Foundation, faced allegations that a Saudi donor was offered help in obtaining a knighthood and British citizenship. The Metropolitan Police launched an investigation into the claims earlier this year under the Honours (Prevention of Abuses) Act. Prince Charles had no knowledge of the alleged offer of honours in exchange for donations, Clarence House said. As the foundation started its own investigation, the charity’s chief executive and one of Prince Charles’ closest aides, Michael Fawcett, resigned from his post. The investigation concluded that Mr Fawcett worked with “fixers” to arrange an honorary CBE for Mahfoz Marei Mubarak bin Mahfouz, but that the foundation’s trustees were unaware of such activity. The Saudi billionaire denies any wrongdoing. In a weighted sample of 1,635 Britons, over half of those polled believed the cash for honours allegations “could prevent” Prince Charles from becoming monarch. Just shy of one-third of those polled thought it could not impact his ascending to the throne, whereas 14 percent did not know in the poll carried out by Techne UK. Younger generations felt more strongly that the allegations could impact Prince Charles, with 62 percent of those aged between 18 and 34 believing they could influence the Prince of Wales’s accession. However, the number dipped to 51 percent among the over-65s asked through a structured questionnaire. READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Prince Harry to snub Balmoral visit 'Too busy!' This comes after the anti-monarchy campaign group Republic said the Prince of Wales’s “career would be over” if he were an elected politician facing the same accusations. Last month, it was revealed that £2.5million in cash was accepted for Prince Charles’s charity from the former prime minister of Qatar, handed over in a suitcase and bags. But Clarence House said the “correct processes” were followed and there is no indication the donation was illegal. Clarence House continued in a statement: "Charitable donations received from Sheikh Hamad bin Jassim were passed immediately to one of the prince's charities, who carried out the appropriate governance and have assured us that all the correct processes were followed." DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Harry to launch ANOTHER British lawsuit [LIVE] Least popular royals revealed in latest poll - from Harry to Andrew [REVEAL] Royal POLL: Should Prince Andrew be kicked out of Windsor Castle? [VOTE] Following the revelation, the Charity Commission said it would “review the information” around the donation from Sheikh Hamad to the charitable fund. A royal source said last month that such a form of delivering a donation would not happen now. The source said: “That was then, this is now.” The source said the money was “passed immediately to [Prince Charles’s] charity and it was his charity who decided to accept the money”. They continued: "I can say with certainty that for more than half a decade, this has not happened and it would not happen again." The Sunday Times said the donations had been made between 2011 and 2015, in three separate instalments. But the royal source insisted that all the appropriate checks had been completed, despite raised eyebrows over the form of payment.