Virgin River's fourth series has been released on Netflix, giving the answers to some all-important questions left in the previous season. It has already been confirmed there will be plenty more romantic drama to come on the streaming service. Here's everything Express.co.uk knows so far about Virgin River season five. Virgin River season three came out in July 2021 and in its wake, Netflix announced its double renewal. So subscribers were delighted, knowing that there would be at least two more series in the making. Season four was released on Wednesday, July 20, with all 12 episodes released in one go, in comparison to its previous outings which have all had 10 each. When series five does come out, it will also consist of 12 episodes in total. READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow guest refuses to sell wartime diamond brooch Filming for the next season was pushed back by four months after it was due to begin in March of this year. Thankfully, the cast and crew returned to British Columbia on July 18 to begin shooting season five. The official Virgin River Instagram account posted: "Our cast in a table read for SEASON 5.. "Yes, you heard that right folks. We have now started production on SEASON 5!" There has been no talk of a potential release date so far for the fifth series. Seasons three and four came out in July 2021 and 2022 respectively so it could be likely that Netflix is planning on bringing back Virgin River within this same time frame. Given how production has already started on series five, this does seem possible but hasn't been made official as of yet. As of writing this article, all of the main cast, led by actors Martin Henderson and Alexandra Breckenridge, who play Jack Sheridan and Mel Monroe respectively, are expected to return. DON'T MISS...NCIS' Pauley Perrette showered with support after home struggle [HEALTH]NCIS’ Michael Weatherly pays tribute to Bull co-star in exit update [TRIBUTE]Who bailed Brady out in Virgin River season 4? [EXPLAINER] Season four welcomed two new faces to Virgin River, one of which was Dr Cameron Hayuk (played by Mark Ghanime), as the town's new dishy surgeon. He was joined by Denny (Kai Bradbury) who turned out to be Doc Mullins' (Tim Matheson) long-lost grandson. One of Doc's former love interests, who he believed was dead, secretly had his child who went on to have Denny. Sadly, it wasn't all good news as his grandson was keeping a secret regarding his health. Denny has Huntington's disease, a condition that stops parts of the brain from working properly over time. He was determined to meet his grandad before his illness became too serious. But with his feelings growing stronger for Lizzie (Sarah Dugdale), is Denny going to commit to her or is his illness going to hold him back? Virgin River seasons 1-4 are available to watch on Netflix.