Ferrari staff refused to celebrate Carlos Sainz’s win at the British Grand Prix as fears rise the Scuderia is imploding. Former Ferrari press officer Alberto Antonini said a source had told him some members of the team did want to celebrate with the Spaniard at the podium. He claimed "this is not a good sign” for the team as the common interest should still be for one of their drivers to win. Antonini told formulapassion.it: “I have been told – and I trust the source – an ugly episode that occurred in the immediate aftermath of the Silverstone race. “Part of the Ferrari staff allegedly refused, at least initially, to attend the podium ceremony and photo op. If true, as I fear, this is not a good sign. A little healthy rivalry inside the garage is fine, it is fine for each mechanic and each technician to cheer for ‘his’ driver, but the common interest must be to aim to win.” Leclerc looked to be in a position to win the British Grand Prix to cash in on Max Verstappen’s issues. The Monegasque appeared to have the pace to win but Ferrari allowed their drivers to race fairly. READ MORE: Ferrari told to learn from Mercedes to upset Max Verstappen Leclerc was eventually let through to battle Lewis Hamilton but was left out on old hard tyres after a late safety car. The Ferrari star was swallowed by others when pitted for fresh softs and dropped outside the podium to fourth. Leclerc appeared to criticise the team over his radio in the moments after the chequered flag, adding: “The amount of race time we have lost in this race is…oh my God. The only good thing about today is Carlos won but frickin’ hell, guys! Anyway, enjoy the victory.” In parc ferme after the race, Leclerc was then seen in a heated discussion with team boss Mattia Binotto. DON'T MISSMax Verstappen 'increasingly horrified' in Charles Leclerc exchange [COMMENT]Ferrari boss Binotto reveals Leclerc chat in Silverstone dressing down [INSIGHT]Charles Leclerc freaks out as Ferrari loses podium place to Hamilton [ANALYSIS] The team principal was seen waving his finger in Leclerc’s face in an apparent bid to prevent him criticising the team further post-race. It comes at a time of tense scrutiny of Ferrari in Italy after a promising season has turned sour. Leclerc was leading Verstappen by almost 50 points after the Australian Grand Prix but has since thrown away his early advantage. Two mechanical failures and a string of strategy mistakes falling against Leclerc have cost the team with Red Bull now first and second in the standings.