Erik ten Hag has decided to make building dressing room spirit at Manchester United a priority after being briefed about leaks, according to reports. The 52-year-old will be hoping to build a dynasty at Old Trafford, just like Sir Alex Ferguson did. And Steve McClaren will supposedly be key when it comes to achieving this objective. Ten Hag has already made a positive impression on United players, having taken training for the first time this week. And ESPN say the Dutchman has been informed about the leaks that have plagued the club over the past 12 months under both Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick. United’s season ended with a whimper last term - they won just three of their final 14 games - and the publication claim the Red Devils hierarchy believe this was down to a ‘distrust’ that existed within members of the squad. Ten Hag has now been informed about the incidents that unfolded. And the former Ajax boss has responded by choosing to prioritise building a dressing room spirit as he looks to be a Premier League success. It’s claimed McClaren will be asked to act ‘as a bridge between the players and management’ in order to avoid things becoming sour. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez United want players to be more open in interviews next season. But they’ve also been told that disagreements should be handled in-house and not leaked to the media. United have also told members of the squad to pass on the message to family members and agents, in order to avoid them going blogging. They’re due to jet off for their pre-season tour of Thailand and Australia, which is due to commence on July 8. And United are hopeful that, during this time away, the squad will build a stronger bond with each other. United players believe Ten Hag has already brought an order and structure to the Red Devils, too. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen He’s been leading the sessions at Carrington, in stark contrast to when Solskjaer would rule the roost. While Ten Hag has immersed himself in training, Solskjaer would often watch on from the sidelines while delegating responsibilities to the likes of Michael Carrick, Kieran McKenna and Mike Phelan. And he has also ‘laid down the law’ to players by making them return from their holidays a week ahead of schedule. It’ll now be fascinating to see how United fare under the Dutchman, who is their fifth permanent boss since Ferguson’s retirement in 2013. David Moyes lasted just 10 months after replacing the Scot, despite being given a six-year contract. Louis van Gaal spent two years in the dugout and won the FA Cup but, in 2016, was relieved of his duties following a failure to qualify for the Champions League. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team United secured EFL Cup and Europa League glory when Jose Mourinho was in charge. However, his head rolled in December 2018 after overseeing a rocky start to the season. And it was a similar story with Solskjaer in November, who was axed less than 24 hours after a chastening 4-1 defeat to Watford. Regarding Ten Hag, meanwhile, Wes Brown recently told Express Sport that he wants to see the 52-year-old bring consistency to the club. “I know everyone talks about trophies but, for me, it’s more about consistency,” he said. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “Can we get to a level of playing and being good? Can we win them games where we’re not so good, can we scuff out a 1-0 win. “We start with the basics, is everybody doing right? Is everybody committed right? “For me, that’s a big key. And can we keep the consistency going? “Last season, you saw that in certain games. There were some games we were brilliant in one half then I don’t know what would happen in the other. “That’s the consistency I’m talking about. We can’t be up and down, we have to be on a nice level and get the confidence going. “From that, the results happen.”