Elizabeth Holmes, royal author, told Royally Us that it was important for Kate to “hold onto this every girl image” she brought to the Royal Family and make sure she was “somebody we can relate to”. Ms Holmes said that if the Duchess of Cambridge had worn head to toe designer from the start, she would have risked alienating the public.    Ms Holmes said: “So, Kate was a commoner. Especially in the British collective thinking, it was really important she did not overstep. “If she would have gone out wearing designer head to toe, bespoke from the start, it would have sent a message. “But instead you just sort of kept going with what she was doing. There are a lot of pictures of Kate and William in their dating years, they dated for a very long time, the public was very familiar with her by the time they announced their engagement, and she stayed true to that. “And I think that lent a sort of authenticity to her. I think there was certainly a group of people who thought she should up her game a little bit more and she did.    “She worked closely with Sarah Burton of Alexander McQueen and that helped her elevate her style game. “But it was important for her to hold onto this every girl image and I think it was important for the monarchy as a whole. “Because Diana had been the people’s princess, here was one of our people joining those ranks, and there is real power in us as viewers seeing somebody we can relate to.” READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan ‘hated comparisons with uncomplaining Kate' [LIVE]   Kate and William celebrated their 11-year wedding anniversary in April of this year, having tied the knot at Westminster Abbey in London on April 29, 2011. The pair met while at university at St Andrew’s, where they shared a four-bedroom flat together as friends. One former student, who lived in the same dorm as the pair, said they had an obvious “chemistry” from the get go. She said: "Whenever Kate was in the room, Will was obviously paying attention to her. DON'T MISS: 'Hasn't got anything to do!' Kate's fashion link to Diana dismissed [REPORT]Prince George is not an ‘average child’ claims royal expert  [INSIGHT] Kensington Palace: The 'sumptuous' home of Kate and William [REVEAL]  "When we'd be sitting at lunch in the dining hall and the two of them would be talking, it was amazing to see how natural it was, how they had so much to say to each other. “Looking back, there were all these small moments—certainly moments where I was like, 'Wow, this could really be something.'" The couple now have three children and are preparing for the eventuality of William’s accession to the throne after Charles. The family have recently been rumoured to be moving out of London to Windsor to be closer to the Queen. READ NEXT: Kate Middleton's 'total game changer' style 'hack' disclosedRoyal Family: 'Explosive truth bombs' Prince Harry poised to p...Kate and Prince William told to keep children out of public eyePrince William's new role laid bare at Earthshot PrizeKate and William to join Camilla and Charles in 'joint reign'