As temperatures soar across the UK and a national emergency has been declared following the UK’s first red extreme heat warning, John was invited onto GB News to discuss what it all means. However, as he declared weather charts for next week as “frightening”, host Bev Turner insisted meteorologists were being “harbingers of doom” and joked everyone should be out enjoying the sun. As she welcomed John to the show, Bev remarked: “See John, you’re outside enjoying the sunshine. It’s not too hot, is it?” “No it’s absolutely lovely, it’s 20 degrees out here, it’s perfect,” John replied before warning it would get hotter. “But on a serious note folks, by early next week, you can scrap 20 degrees, it could well be 40 degrees. “I think there will be hundreds, if not thousands of excess deaths next week.” READ MORE: Naga Munchetty hits back as Charlie Stayt scolds star: ‘Be quiet!' As Bev sighed: “John,” the meteorologist continued: “The charts I can see in front of me are frightening. “So we all like nice weather but this will not be nice weather, it will be potentially lethal weather for a couple of days. “It all be brief but it will be brutal so you know…” Bev interrupted: “So, John, I want us to be happy about the weather and I don’t know whether something has happened to meteorologists to make you all a little bit fatalistic and harbingers of doom. “All of broadcasts, particularly on the BBC, every time I’ve turned on, anyone is talking about the weather and they’re saying there’s going to be tons of fatalities. “But haven’t we always had hot weather, John? Wasn’t the summer of ’76, that was as hot as this, wasn’t it?” Stunned by her comments, John quickly shut down Bev for joking about the weather warnings, insisting they needed to be taken seriously. DON'T MISS...Heatwave: How much does it cost to run an air con unit? [INSIGHT]Britain on red alert as forecasters warn we’re ‘not adapted’ for 106F [LATEST]How hot does it need to be for schools to close? [EXPLAINER] “Er no,” he hit back. “We are seeing more and more records, more and more frequently, and more more severely, so yes some people always hark back to the summer of ’76, which was a freak event, over 40 years ago. “But heatwaves are becoming more extreme, this is yet another one that is coming down the tracks towards us. “I don’t think we should be too lighthearted over the fact that many are going to die over the next week because of the heat. “40 degrees, the sort of temperature, I’m afraid, that this country is just not geared up to cope with.” He continued: “If you are an employer, I would worry about how next week your employees can safely get to work. “And, if you’re an employee, then I would be thinking or asking my employer, with potentially railway lines becoming buckled and lots of infrastructure disruption, ‘Can I get to work? Should I be getting to work?’ “There are COBRA meetings happening over the next days or so about how the country is going to cope with this kind of heat. “All of the computer models are now in completely agreement it is going to happen and it’s Monday and Tuesday.”