Charlotte Laws appears in the new Netflix documentary called The Most Hated Man on the Internet. The eye-opening TV series tells the story of Hunter Moore, who created a toxic revenge porn website. With the help of the FBI, Charlotte managed to bring Moore to justice. Charlotte Laws has a daughter who was one of the victims who was subject to a tirade of abuse after she was featured on Moore’s IsAnyoneUp website. After two years of working with the FBI, Charlotte was able to help get Moore a jail sentence. The American author and animal rights activist spoke out about her daughter Kayla in the new documentary. Kayla's email account was hacked and private naked photos of her were shared online. READ MORE: Hunter Moore ‘agreed’ to be part of Most Hated Man on the Internet Charlotte battled to have her daughter's and other victims' photos removed from the site. In November 2015, Moore was sentenced to two years and six months in prison. After justice was served, Charlotte went on to become a columnist for The Washington Post and The Los Angeles Times. In her earlier life, she worked as an actress who dated singer Tom Jones as a teenager. She has written a memoir, called Rebel in High Heels, in which she said: "Dating Tom increased my self-confidence. "After all, he was my ‘dream guy’, and I had been thinking about him for ten years prior to our first date.” She went on to marry English barrister Charles Parselle, and they had their daughter Kayla together. The 62-year-old is also a former Los Angeles politician and political analyst. DON'T MISS... Keep Breathing cast: Who is in the Netflix series? [INSIGHT] Virgin River's Annette O'Toole teases worrying Hope update [INTERVIEW] Colin Lawrence nationality: Where is the Virgin River star from? [EXPLAINER] Since 2015 she worked as BBC News contributor and has made appearances on Al Jazeera. Her active role in tackling revenge porn was noticed after her daughter's photos were shared online. She was dubbed the 'Erin Brockovich of revenge porn' after contacting dozens of victims. Her work did not stop there as in 2013, she gave testimony in favour of SB 255, a law designed to protect victims from revenge porn. The bill was signed into law in October of that year, meaning California became the second state to pass a law designed to help victims of nonconsensual porn. Charlotte was also a board member of the Cyber Civil Rights Initiative, which helps victims of online harassment. She continues to meet with state and federal legislators to discuss other forms of protection. Charlotte has her own website which details her latest ventures.  The Most Hated Man on the Internet is on Netflix now.