Michael Ball, 60, has been left “absolutely devastated” after he was forced to cancel an upcoming show with Alfie Boe, 48. A statement on his Instagram revealed he had been struck down with Covid. A statement read: “Sadly, due to Michael contracting Covid-19, we regret to inform you that the Michael Ball & Alfie Boe show at Chewton Glen will not be taking place tomorrow evening (Tuesday 12th July). “We are working hard to reschedule the show and hope to announce a new date very soon. “We will keep you informed of any further developments as soon as possible. “Michael sends his apologies and is absolutely devastated that he’s unable to perform with Alfie tomorrow evening, but he hopes to see you all soon.” Michael’s fans flocked to share their well wishes on the post. Wildnwindblown wrote: “I sympathise dear Michael. “Ive just been isolating for 10 days and was so looking forward to seeing you and Alfie tomorrow night. Hope you aren't ill with it. Lots of Love xxx”. Linda added: “Big hugs and lots of love to Michael get well soon”.  “Get well soon.. much love X,” penned Kate. Michael and Alfie have been releasing and performing music together since 2016, and their joint albums Ball & Boe: Together in 2016 and Ball & Boe: Together Again in 2017 both reached the number one spot. No doubt looking after Michael while he recovers from Covid will be his wife, Cathy McGowan, 78. He has been married to broadcaster and journalist Cathy since 1992. DON'T MISS...Rosie Huntington-Whiteley wows in figure-hugging dress at Wimbledon [PICTURES]Carol Kirkwood sets record straight on mystery fiancé and his proposal [COMMENT]Graham Norton 'marries' mystery partner in lavish ceremony  [NEWS] In an interview last year, Michael explained why his beloved wife prefers to keep out of the spotlight. “She’s a bit older than me,” he said. “She was once one of the most famous women in the country, lauded by everyone. And she doesn’t give a monkey’s about it. “She’d never give an interview about it, she’s not interested in looking back,” he added to The Big Issue. When the couple first met, Michael was performing in the musical Aspects of Love while Cathy had finished her time on Ready Steady Go!, which had made her a household name. She’d gone on to work on the BBC show Newsroom South East as an entertainment journalist. As part of the role, she interviewed Michael for his musical and the pair struck up a relationship in the 1990s. Cathy also had a brief appearance co-hosting a show with Alexei Sayle and Jonathan Ross in 1991.