Camilla, 74, is often seen wearing the same pair of pearl earrings on royal engagements. These were the earrings the Duchess of Cornwall also wore on her wedding day in 2005 to Prince Charles. Although the brand and value of the earrings are unknown, they feature a pearl drop from a cubic zirconia.  Why does Camilla always wear these earrings? The Duchess recently revealed a controversial opinion regarding jewellery. During an interview with British Vogue to mark her upcoming 75th birthday, the Duchess admitted to never wanting to get her ears pierced. This would explain why Camilla usually wears her pearl drop earrings because they must be clip-on jewels.   The surprising fact came about during the conversation as Camilla spoke candidly about her grandchildren. She said: "You know the nice thing about being a grandmother is that you can spoil them occasionally, give them more of the things that their parents forbid them to have. “The girls are beginning to get into clothes and make-up and, you know, it’s rather frightening when you see them, coming out with pierced ears and a lot of new make-up and funny coloured hair and stuff." Reflecting upon her own decision not to have her ears pierced, the Duchess continued to say: "[The grandchildren] will try to persuade me, but nothing's going to pierce my ears."   However, not having pierced ears has not stopped the royal from sporting an array of luxurious earrings. From pearl drops to Van Cleef and Arpel’s diamond-encrusted jewels, the Duchess has debuted a glittering host of beautiful jewels across the years. The Van Cleef and Arpel earrings Camilla enjoys wearing are the £38,500 pair of Magic Alhambra earrings, which feature three white gold, round diamond clover leaves. Over the years Camilla is said to have loved wearing one of Queen Elizabeth’s tiaras, the Greville tiara. READ MORE: How Diana changed the Queen’s attitude to female royals When it comes to Queen Elizabeth’s brooches, she’s also believed to have been loaned the Queen Mother’s Rock Crystal brooch for the State Opening of Parliament last year. However, when it comes to fabulous royal earrings, Camilla may miss out on some of the Queen’s jewels because of her unpierced ears. But the royal has been pictured wearing earrings for royal engagements over the years. Therefore it's not clear whether these were perhaps fastened in a different way or modified due to her unpierced ears.  Camilla is not the only royal to have unpierced ears. Princess Beatrice, 33, does not have her ears pierced, according to the Instagram page York Sisters Closet. When the Princess appeared at the Royal Windsor Horse Show back in May, she was sporting a pair of feather drop earrings from the vintage-inspired brand Sphinx by Jennifer Gibson. The Instagram post caption said: “Beatrice doesn't have her ears pierced and you can see these are clip-ons.” 