The Queen Mother’s love of alcoholic beverages did not stop her from reaching the age of 101 in 2001. Queen Elizabeth’s mother reportedly enjoyed a gin at midday and pink champagne with dinner. The Royal Family can treat themselves to almost any food or drink they like, whether this is a healthy salad or an indulgent gourmet meal.  One member of the Royal Family was well known for her favoured treat, which came in various forms. This was the Queen Mother, who was one of the most well-known royals who loved a tipple. Living to the ripe old age of 101, the Queen's mother, Elizabeth, was a very fond drinker. She reportedly had an impressive range of different drinks to go with her varying meals.  READ MORE: One Royal Family member is the 'sexiest' - but it's not Kate or Meghan According to Adrian Tinniswood’s book ‘Behind the Throne: A Domestic History of the Royal Household’, she was a steady, but not an excessive drinker. The book explains that she would start a day with a Dubonnet and gin before lunch, served in the garden at her home Clarence House in London during the brighter months. She would then enjoy wine with lunch, before a pre-dinner martini or two. Finally, she would treat herself to a delicious Veuve Clicquot champagne as she ate her evening meal.  Recalling his work in the royal household, Major Colin Burgess remembered the Queen Mother's particular fondness of "red wine, particularly heavy clarets, which she loved”, he told the Daily Mail. The major even admitted in their first meeting the Queen Mother drank a bottle and a half of red wine. He said: "Following my appointment, I discovered the Queen Mother’s pattern of drinking rarely varied. “At noon, she had her first drink of the day — a potent mix of two parts of the fortified wine Dubonnet to one part of gin. READ MORE: One British habit Kate Middleton likely avoids for a slim figure “This was followed by red wine with lunch and, very occasionally, a glass of port to end it.” According to the royal expert, at 6pm the Queen Mother would ask, “Colin, are we at the magic hour?” At this point, the major would serve Elizabeth a couple of martinis before her dinner with champagne. The Queen Mother married her husband King George VI in 1923.  Prince Albert, as he was then known, unexpectedly ascended to the throne in 1937 after the scandal and abdication crisis of his brother King Edward VIII. Despite her regular drinking, Elizabeth lived an exceptionally healthy life and died aged 101 in 2002. This was several months after her daughter and the Queen's sister Margaret died, aged just 71. 