Paul Young cut his teeth as the frontman of the short-lived bands Kat Kool & the Kool Cats, Streetband and Q-Tips but it was his solo success in the 1980s that sent his career into the stratosphere. Young's undeniable talent drew him to the stage but there was another impetus working in the background. The stage helped him to "conquer" his shyness from a childhood stammer. Speaking on ITV's Good Morning Britain, the 80s legend revealed how music helps to keep his stammer in check. Young was a shy youngster with a stutter but the stage offered respite. "Music has a tempo and that rhythm really helps," the star said. As the 80s star explained, if you're singing to a rhythm you never stutter. READ MORE: Rowan Atkinson health: Star uses acting to make his stammer 'disappear' - symptoms Although his stammer has "gone away pretty much", the star went on to say, "if I get tired, it comes back". Young previously spoke about his stammer on ITV's Lorraine. The singer revealed he had the speech impediment during his time at school. Young said it "must have been bad" because he took some time off from school for speech therapy and eventually overcame it. DON'T MISSBowel cancer: 'Ribbon-like' poo is a sign - other telling signs [ADVICE]Blood clots: The nation's favourite drink could be a cause [INSIGHT]High cholesterol: The sign on your hands - seek help [TIPS] "I think confidence is an integral part," he explained and went on to say that there was possibly a "subconscious reason" that he joined a band. "If you're singing to a rhythm you never stutter," Paul explained at the time. According to the NHS, stammering, also sometimes referred to as stuttering, is a relatively common speech problem in childhood, which can persist into adulthood. Stammering is when: According to the NHS, stammering varies in severity from person to person, and from situation to situation. "Someone might have periods of stammering followed by times when they speak relatively fluently," explains the health body. There are different treatments available for stammering, depending on a person's age and their circumstances. Because of varying individual issues and needs, a method — or combination of methods — that's helpful for one person may not be as effective for another. Treatment may not eliminate all stuttering, but it can teach skills that help to: According to the Mayo Clinic, speech therapy can teach you to slow down your speech and learn to notice when you stutter. "You may speak very slowly and deliberately when beginning speech therapy, but over time, you can work up to a more natural speech pattern," explains the health body. "Several electronic devices are available to enhance fluency," it adds.