One of boxing’s biggest stars, Ryan Garcia, returns to the ring this weekend to face former WBA (regular) super-featherweight champion Javier Fortuna. Last time out, Garcia had a frustrating contest with Emmanuel Tagoe as the Ghanian hung on for dear life to deny ‘KingRy’ his highlight-reel finish back in April. As a fight with Gervonta Davis looms, Garcia is looking to sharpen his tools against his experienced foe and is promising a far better version of himself this time around. The pair were supposed to square off in July 2021, but Garcia pulled out of the contest due to poor mental health. Fortuna stayed on the show and lost a nip and tuck affair to Jo Jo Diaz by unanimous decision but bounced back with a first-round knockout victory over Rafael Hernandez in his last fight. Garcia -- who has 9m followers on Instagram – states that he has blown off the cobwebs from his last fight and is aiming to stop the 32-year-old Pan-American silver medallist. He said: “I am going to get him out of there. The dude cannot last with me. You’re not going to see that ring rust on because I had ring rust in that fight with [Emmanuel] Tagoe. You’re going to see my reflexes and timing is that much better. “You’re going to see my control in the ring, you’re going to see my defence, and you’re going to see things that you haven’t seen in a while. Everything came back, and now I’m even stronger as a man and I’m more wiser as a fighter.” Date and venue The fight takes place at Crypto.com Arena in Los Angeles on Saturday, July 16 with the main card starting early Sunday morning for UK fans. Fight times and TV channel/live stream DAZN will be showing the fight in the UK from 1am with main event ring walks expected from 4am. You can stream Garcia vs Fortuna via the DAZN global app and platform in the UK & most countries in the world. The app can be streamed with most internet-connected devices such as PC, Apple, Android, Fire TV, Roku, Smart TV and many others. DAZN can be subscribed to for £7.99 a month. MORE BOXING NEWS... Paul hints who he'll fight instead of Fury and McGregor after Rahman Golovkin puts Canelo's antics down to 'side effects of substances' McGregor fires shots at Paul as YouTuber calls out UFC star Full card Ryan Garcia vs. Javier Fortuna (Lightweights) Alexis Rocha vs. Luis Vernon (Welterweights) Lamont Roach Jr. vs. Angel Rodriguez (Junior Lightweights) Ricardo Sandoval vs. David Jimenez (Flyweights) Oscar Collazo vs. Victorio Saludar (Minimumweights) Diego De La Hoya vs. Enrique Bernache (Featherweights) Miguel Gaona vs. Jonathan Guzman (Lightweights) *Running order subject to change Odds Garcia win 1/12 Fortuna win 8/1 Draw 29/1 *Odds courtesy of Betfair are correct at the time of publication