John Bell is a firm part of the Outlander family after featuring in the show for three seasons now as Jamie Fraser’s (played by Sam Heughan) nephew Young Ian. The character has had a momentous arc to date with the character being abducted from Scotland and taken across the world to the West Indies at the behest of Geillis Duncan (Lotte Verbeek). After Jamie and Claire Fraser (Caitriona Balfe) rescued him, Young Ian decided to stay with the couple at Fraser’s Ridge in North Carolina. Season four saw Young Ian agreeing to swap places with Roger MacKenzie (Richard Rankin) after he was given over to an Native American tribe in a case of mistaken identity. Young Ian left behind his family as he became fully immersed in the Mohawk Tribe and learnt about the customs and culture. He even started using a bow and arrow as well as wearing traditional items of clothing. The most radical part of Young Ian’s transformation was shaving his head to fit in with his fellow tribesmen and women. READ MORE: John Bell Outlander nationality: Where was John Hunter Bell born? Actor Bell has spoken about transforming himself for the part and revealed his process in a fan Q&A in 2021. Bell revealed about shaving his head: “I do. This not my real hair. This is a wig.” He added: “Underneath this, I am bald for most of the year.” The star has even shared photos on Instagram showing his shaved head when he’s not filming. He previously posted a shot on his account in 2019 without any hair and captioned the post: “Bad & bald.” The suggestion was he was again preparing to shoot on Outlander and needed to be hair-free for Young Ian. Bell isn’t alone in wearing a wig on Outlander with leads Balfe and Heughan sporting period hair pieces for their roles in the drama. When Balfe isn’t filming, she usually has a chic bob with a fringe while Heughan’s cropped blonde locks are a distant cry from Jamie’s luxurious strawberry blonde mane. Season six of Outlander saw Bell give a tremendous performance as Young Ian with viewers finally discovering the tragic story of why he left the Mohawk Tribe. Speaking about the most recent outing, Bell said in a Starz video: “In the beginning of season six, he’s in a much better place. “He knows where home is, I think in his heart. He’s struggling with his identity a little bit. “He’s between the two cultures, but he’s now finding his path again back to his family.” DON'T MISS...Outlander's Malva Christie star on sex scenes ‘Most exposing thing' [INTERVIEW]Outlander: Why was Gemma Fray replaced as Brianna Fraser? [EXPLAINER]Outlander: What happened to Jamie Fraser’s brother Robert? [INSIGHT] Bell went on to say: “Young Ian is a character who always wears his heart on his sleeve. “And as we go through the season and loyalties are tested, he has to decide who he really is and what he’s going to stand for.” The star will be reprising his role in the seventh outing with the story left on something of a cliffhanger with Claire again on trial for being a witch after Malva Christie (Jessica Reynolds) was murdered. Young Ian will be lending his support to his family and trying to help them through these tough times as well as hopefully finding his own happiness. Outlander season 7 is in production now and season 6 is streaming on STARZPLAY now