Spotify and Apple Music subscribers may be tempted to jump ship thanks to a brilliant Music Unlimited deal Amazon is running right now. Ahead of Prime Day 2022 the online retail giant has extended its free Music Unlimited trial which typically lasts for a month. Right now if you're an Amazon Prime subscriber you can get four months of Music Unlimited for free or if you're not you can get three months of Music Unlimited for free. This deal offers a tidy saving, with Music Unlimited priced at £9.99 if you're not with Prime or £8.99 if you are. So if you're not an Amazon Prime subscriber you can save almost £30 with this freebie and if you are a Prime member you'll save close to £36. Anyone that signs up for this deal will get access to a library of over 90million songs, as well as curated playlists, podcasts, offline downloads on your smartphone and more. Plus, if you're used to Spotify the Amazon Music Unlimited library has one big advantage. Unlike Spotify, every single song available with Music Unlimited is available in lossless (aka CD quality) streaming. Amazon calls this HD audio, while over seven million songs are available to stream in Ultra HD (which is better than lossless streaming). Spotify is planning on launching its own lossless audio service called Spotify Hi-Fi in 2022 but as of yet a release date hasn't been confirmed. If you like the sound of this deal and want to sign up for Amazon Music Unlimited for free you need to act quick. This deal is only available until the end of Wednesday July 13, which is also when Prime Day ends. The Prime Day 2022 sales are taking place on Tuesday July 12 and Wednesday July 13 and will offer millions of discounts. If you're not already a Prime customer you can right now sign-up to a 30 day free trial so you can get access to all the Prime Day deals, as well as all the perks of being a Prime customer such as speedy Prime delivery, access to Prime Video, Prime Reading, Prime Music and Prime Gaming. Besides this Kindle Unlimited deal, Amazon is also offer three month free trials to Audible and three months free Kindle Unlimited trials for the Prime Day 2022 season. With all of these deals you need to be a new customer for the service in question as well as an Amazon Prime member. So this means you can't already be enjoying a free trial for the service you want to claim a new free offer for, nor can you already be a paying customer. MORE LIKE THIS