Former Arsenal striker Kevin Campbell has urged the Gunners to boost their midfield options after completing the signing of Manchester City’s Oleksandr Zinchenko. The Ukrainian is set to become Mikel Arteta’s fifth signing of the summer but Campbell believes that the Arsenal midfield is still a “massive problem area”, and they should look to their London rivals Chelsea as a possible solution. Campbell believes that the Gunners’ midfield has struggled to control games, especially with Thomas Partey out of the side, and believes that moving for N’Golo Kante would aid those concerns. “For me if the money was right, I’d do it straight away,” Campbell told Football Insider. “He’s someone who knows how to operate in the Premier League, that’s for sure. Yes, he suffered a few injuries last season, but his numbers are still frightening. He’s still one of the best around, and that midfield area is still a massive problem area for Arsenal. "We’ve seen them play games where the midfield just can’t get a grip, especially when Thomas Partey isn’t there. We need someone else who knows how to navigate and dominate. I don’t think there has been a better exponent of that midfield engine room in recent years than N’Golo Kante.” JUST IN: Arsenal, Man Utd and Liverpool have disadvantage in Chukwuemeka chase Kante has been linked with Arsenal this summer, as the Daily Star claimed that the Gunners have considered a shock move for the French star. It is unclear whether the arrival of Zinchenko, who can play at both left-back and in midfield, would impact any potential move for Kante. Arsenal have agreed a deal in principle to sign Zinchenko for £32million in total, taking the Gunners’ spending this summer to around £120m. Kante has not joined the rest of the Chelsea squad on their pre-season tour of the US due to his Covid-19 vaccination status, along with Ruben Loftus-Cheek, as other Blues midfielders will be given the chance to impress Thomas Tuchel who has admitted the duo missing the trip is far from ideal. DON'T MISSFrenkie de Jong 'knows he can thrive' at Man Utd as Erik ten Hag makes plan clearMan Utd have four Antony alternatives as Ajax refuse to budgeAntonio Conte's plan for Tottenham flop Lo Celso clear after bid rejected  “We cannot force. It is at the moment a very normal decision to get vaccinated. Both players took the decision not to,” said Tuchel. “We need to follow the rules. They cannot join us. "They know about the consequences. We don’t like it. Of course not. We would love to have them here and it’s not an ideal solution. Far from ideal. “But once the situation is like this you need to come up with a solution. So they have their coaches there. They train with the under-23s. Then they go with the under-19s to not be completely not in a group. But it will not compensate. It will not be the same.”