Dr Paul Morland has called on Britons to get busy making the next generation amid concerns over Britain's falling birth rate. The demographer has warned that while the population of the UK is growing, growth is slanted heavily towards those in older age ranges, while the number of young people is shrinking. Professor Morland has predicted that immigration to the UK will be unable to keep up with job market demands in the future, and believes Britons having larger families is the key to finding a solution. Dr Morland told Express.co.uk: "We in Britain have had sub-replacement fertility that is fewer than two children per woman for about 50 years. "We are seeing that now when I joined the workforce there were two people in their early twenties entering the workforce for everyone in their early sixties leaving it. "Now it is about one for one, that does not meet our demand for labour and we are short of labour everywhere. "We saw it with the tanker drivers last autumn, we are seeing it in the airports at the moment, and there are a lot of different reasons." "Each of these reasons has an individual story in each of these sectors but there is a more global story within Britain, a bigger story," continued the demographer. "Which is if we have twice has many as twenty-somethings as we have we wouldn't be having these sorts of shortages. "Now immigration has been absolutely essential to us and to our economy, we couldn't do without it. "We have very high levels of it, but it won't go on forever because other countries are getting lower fertility like Poland is not going to have a huge number of twenty-year-olds willing to come over here. "So that is going to dry up," he added. "Secondly, I do think it is rather arrogant of us to say we're too busy, important whatever to conceive children, bear children, educate children and go through the hard yards." "We have these labour demands the robots have not come to the rescue, and we can just call in reserve armies of labour from wherever we like for as long as we like. "I think it is arrogant and I think it is not practical in the long term." Don't Miss:Liz Truss humiliation after bizarre and impassioned 'cheese speech'[OPINION]Putin's Russia 'flexing muscles' in manner not seen since Cold War[ANALYSIS]Switzerland opened markets of £26trillion outside European bloc[INSIGHT] It comes as MPs are told skills shortages in Britain's manufacturing sector are costing the UK £7 billion in lost economic output as firms struggle to fill vacancies amid a mounting hiring crisis. In a hearing with the Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy Committee, Stephen Phipson, chief executive of manufacturing organisation Make UK, said the sector is battling to fill 95,000 vacancies. Make UK estimates this equates to around £7 billion in lost output for the wider UK economy - or £21 million a day in lost gross domestic product (GDP) per worker. He said the sector is being "disproportionately affected" by the recruitment woes, with around four vacancies for every 100 manufacturing jobs in the country.