The customer, identified as Meredith, left the review on Tripadvisor for the Miller & Carter restaurant, off Hagley Road, between the Black Country and Birmingham. Meredith said they had booked a table for five people on a Saturday night for a birthday - but it was a "disappointment". According to Birmingham Live, Meredith added that the waitress had "tried her best for us", however, "customers should be told upfront and offered alternatives beforehand". Miller & Carter in Hagley Road has a 4.5 rating on Tripadvisor - with more than 1,300 independent traveller reviews. It is also listed as the second-best restaurant to eat at in Smethwick. One recent review described the food and service as "amazing". While another added: "Haven't been to this place in a while. Took the family there and it was so much better than I remember. The food was great, the service was quick and our server Carol was such a pleasure." Yet, Meredith gave it a one-star "terrible" rating in her review, with her headline simply saying: "Saturday night birthday disappointment". The review in full said: "We had a table booked for Saturday night for five people. Firstly there was no honey mustard and bacon dressing for our lettuce wedges. Then when the mains arrived there was no sweetcorn puree or broccoli stems but wasn't told about it. When we asked they said they had run out, but no replacement they offered us green beans that were like bullets when they arrived.   "We ordered a second round of drinks, my wife's never arrived and the waitress told us someone was running down the shop for us. The waitress tried her best for us but they shouldn't be running out of ingredients on a Saturday night and if you do the customer should be told up front and then offered alternatives before it arrives at the table." However, the assistant manager of the restaurant, identified as Luke on Tripadvisor, responded to the negative review. He apologised for the problems encountered during their visit - adding that it was an "uncommon instance". His response said: "Thank you for sharing your feedback. We are truly sorry your visit wasn't to your satisfaction and we left one of our guests feeling disappointed with their dining experience. It was an uncommon instance and we aim to do better in the future. Please feel free to reach out to us at with any further comments, concerns or suggestions you wish to share with us. "We would love to make things right if you are willing to give us another chance. Kind regards, Luke W, assistant manager." Miller & Carter on the Hagley Road has 1,301 reviews on Tripadvisor - with 1,079 of them branded as 'excellent' or 'very good'. One recent review said: "My wife and I had supper here last Saturday night during a visit to Birmingham.  "The place was full and had a great vibe to it, the service we received was excellent and the food fantastic so a great evening was enjoyed as planned. Highly recommended." Another visitor said: "Visit Miller & Carter Hagley Road today food was amazing steaks cooked to perfection service was great from Sarah and food was cooked amazing by Diane well done to all the team for today." James added: "Haven't been to this place in a while. Took the family there and it was so much better than I remember. The food was great, the service was quick and our server Carol was such a pleasure." 