Adele, 34, took to Twitter and issued an apology to fans over her cancelled Las Vegas residency but the singer has now confirmed the show is back on. The Easy On Me hitmaker admitted she was "truly heartbroken" by the decision. But fans can now rejoice as the superstar confirmed she will be back performing in November. In view of her legions of fans, the singer penned a lengthy message to her 27.6 million followers. She wrote: "Words can’t explain how ecstatic I am to finally be able to announce these rescheduled shows. I truly was heartbroken to have to cancel them. "But after what feels like an eternity of figuring out logistics for the show that I really want to deliver, and knowing it can happen, I’m more excited than ever! READ MORE: Stacey Solomon and Joe Swash have married in 'joyous' ceremony  "Now I know for some of you it was a horrible decision on my part, and I will always be sorry for that, but I promise you it was the right one. To be with you in such an intimate space every week has been what I’ve most been looking forward to and I’m going to give you the absolute best of me." She signed off: "Thank you for your patience, I love you [heart emoji] Adele." The official start date for the residency is November 18, 2022 and it will finish on March 25, 2023. As well as the 24 rescheduled dates, eight more shows have been added.   There will be a select number of tickets available across all 32 performances. Fans flocked to comment on the post as they gushed over the big news. Twitter user @Daydreamer penned: "Can’t wait!!! The time waiting is for sure going to be worth it!!" @PopKulture commented: "No need to explain yourself Queen." DON'T MISS... David Warner dead: Titanic and Omen star dies aged 80[LATEST]Sharon Stone, 64, leaves little to the imagination in racy topless pic[INSTAGRAM]James Martin and partner Louise Davies in rare sighting[PICTURES] @Ash wrote: "Best wishes and good luck with it all Adele." Adele had been due to start her residency in January this year, but cancelled just one day before it was due to begin in a tearful video. "I'm so sorry, but my show ain't ready," the star told fans in a tearful Instagram post at the time. "Half my team have Covid and it's been impossible to finish the show," she said, adding that "delivery delays" had also played havoc with her plans. While many fans were supportive, others complained they had spent thousands of dollars on tickets, accommodation and plane fares, only for Adele to cancel when they were already en route to Vegas. Since then, there have been few updates, with ticket holders left wondering if the show would ever go ahead. Speaking to Desert Island Discs last month, Adele said she had deliberately avoided commenting on the situation. "Of course I could be someone on TikTok or Instagram Live every day being like, 'I'm working on it'," she explained. "Of course I'm working on it! I'm not gonna update you if I ain't got nothing to update you with because that just leads to more disappointment." She added that the "brutal" backlash from cancelling the shows had left her "a shell of a person".