There’s no doubt that coffee is one of the UK’s favourite beverages and it’s definitely a preferred way to start the day. According to research from Hilton, 30 percent of Brits choose to accompany all breakfasts with a hot cup of coffee, making it even more popular than tea. However, buying coffee out can add up and with so many preferring to drink coffee in the morning, it’s a wise decision to invest in a coffee machine at home. And there are plenty of top range machines available from brands like Breville, Nespresso and more that allow you to enjoy barista-style quality in the comfort of your home. Whether you’re a beginner or novice, here’s all the information you need to know before buying a coffee machine and a guide to the best coffee machines available in 2022. There are different types of home coffee machines that depend on your preference and lifestyle. Espresso machines are one of the most common and good if you want to create barista-style coffee at home as most include a steamer for milk frothing. It’s more hands-on than other machines but can make excellent quality. Coffee pod machines are another common type and is best for busy households. Convenient to use, simply add capsules into the machine to make coffee, but do pick compatible pods as not all machines take the same types. Bean-to-cup coffee machines are the most advanced and replicate the entire coffee making process from bean grinding to the final cup. The easiest coffee maker to use is a cafetière which essentially presses the ground coffee with hot water to brew a drink. Yes, especially if you’re a daily coffee drinker. While some machines can be hefty in price, they last for years and are more convenient for everyday use. The British Coffee Association estimates two billion cups of coffee are drunk every day around the world with 95 million from the UK. Here are the best coffee machines to buy in 2022. Type: Espresso machine | Milk frother: Yes | Skill level: Beginner to middle | 15 bar pump | Dimensions: 9.68 x 12.99 x 13.39 cm If you’re looking to create barista-style coffee at home but are a beginner, then the Breville Bijou is a great machine as it’s simple to use but produces high-quality coffee. It has useful features like a pre infusion cycle for enhanced coffee extraction and a manual shot function so you can control the strength of your brew. Inserting the pump into the machine is smooth and doesn’t take much adjusting to get it locked in. It also comes with a steamer that has a decent froth for lattés and cappuccinos and its stainless steel design makes it easy to clean. Buy on Amazon (£154 on offer) Type: Espresso machine | Milk frother: Yes | Skill level: Expert | 15 bar pump | 70 settings | Dimensions: 286 x 162 x 334 mm Newly launched, KitchenAid’s Artisan Espresso coffee machine is perfect for aspiring baristas and has several useful functions. Space saving with a sleek design, it’s designed with a flat base portafiller for the coffee grounds, and two recessed spouts to enable stable tamping. There are in-built functions on the machine so once you insert the pump, you can press for one or two shots. Plus, the steam wand is incredibly powerful and really froths milk up and also dispenses hot waters for Americanos or teas. With four different baskets, the choices are endless with coffee making and it’s top engineering makes it one of the best choices available. KitchenAid is known for its elegant designs and the espresso machine comes in a choice of Almond Cream, Candy Apple, Cast Iron Black, Stainless Steel – all would look stunning in any kitchen. Buy on KitchenAid (£381.65 on sale) Type: Single-serve coffee machine | Milk frother: No | Skill level: Beginner | 1100 watts | Integrated water measurement system | Ideal in summer, make the perfect iced coffee at home with this special coffee maker from Breville. It comes with a tumbler that you add ice in and the machine makes single serve coffee, then cools it over the ice to become fresh iced coffee. Only three steps and with a one-button system, it’s super easy to use and ready in less than four minutes. You can create your own by adding syrups and sugars into it and mix with milk or plant-based milk for a creamy texture. The ultimate hot weather essential, it’s a great machine. Buy on Amazon (£33.10 on sale) Type: Bean-to-cup machine | Milk frother: Yes | Skill level: Advance | 15 bar pressure | Integrated water measurement system Investing in a bean-to-cup coffee machine is a smart idea for daily coffee drinkers and Sage’s The Barista Pro machine really makes it all. It offers incredible variety with multiple basket types so that you can adjust it to your favourite drink and it’s got easy-to-use buttons and a screen. It’s got a handy function that allows it to steam milk while brewing an espresso, making it super fast to make cappuccinos. The steam wand is also powerful and instantly creates fluffy milk for drinks. While it’s a pricier item, it’s certainly worth it. Buy on Amazon (£619.99 on sale) Type: Single-serve pod machine | Milk frother: No | Skill level: Beginner | Five drink sizes | Dimensions: 14.2 x 42 9 x 31.4 cm One of the easiest coffee machines to use, the Nespresso Vertuo Next is best for most households thanks to its many functions. Quick to heat up, you can create five different sized drinks and is effortless for your morning brew. All you need to do is add you preferred capsule inside and press a button to make fresh coffee. Nespresso have a great selection of pods with different strengths and flavours, so you’re sure to find your perfect one. Coffee comes out smooth with a thick crema, exactly like it would be in Italy. Buy on Nespresso (£99) Type: Pod coffee machine | Milk frother: No | Skill level: Beginner | 15 bar pressure | Works with 50 pods | Dimensions: 15.5 x 37 x 28 cm (W, H, D) You don’t need to break the bank to make good coffee and at less than £50, the Nescafé Dolce Gusto Infinissima Coffee Machine is a great affordable choice for any home. With 1.2 water tank size, it can make a variety of hot or cold coffees in sizes from small to extra large. Simple to use, just touch the LED screen to select the size and pull the lever to make the coffee. Pair it with Nescafé or Starbucks coffee and the great benefit with this machine is that you can use it to make speciality drinks like toffee nut latté or Christmassy hot chocolate. Do remember that this machine is only compatible with Dolce Gusto pods and will not work with other types. Buy on Amazon (£39) Type: Bean-to-cup machine | Milk frother: Yes | Skill level: Beginner | Integrated bean grinder | Dimensions: 16.69 x 17.48 x 20.28 cm De’Longhi is known for its top range coffee machines but if you really want to make top quality espressos from the bean, then go for the La Specialista coffee machine. Making smooth, rich coffee it has an integrated grinder that breaks down beans finely and a steam wand that easily froths milk. While coffee grinders can be messy, this one has tools that help reduce the mess created. If you want professional features with easy-to-use functionality, the La Specialista coffee machine is the perfect pick and allows you to choose automatic or manual control in true Barista style. Buy on Amazon (£609 on sale) Type: Drip coffee machine | Milk frother: No | Skill level: Beginner | Programmable | Dimensions: 12.01 x 6.57 x 9.88  cm One of the best budget options, the Tassimo by Bosch Suny coffee machine has several positive reviews on Amazon and shoppers rate it for its blending power and ease of use. You don’t even need to press any buttons to make coffee, simply place your mug in the machine and coffee will come out. Now on offer for less than £30, it’s compact to fit on most countertops and auto cleans between each drink to prevent any flavour mixing. You’d be hard pressed to find a better cheaper option than this. Buy on Amazon (£29.99 on sale) This depends on what type of coffee machine you have but generally, you can pour excess coffee into the bin and rinse the pot to clear grains. With pod machines, some pods are biodegradable but some aren’t so make sure you read the packaging clearly. The best way to clean the inside of a coffee machine is the add four cups of undiluted white vinegar inside it, keep it in for 30 minutes before running the vinegar through a brewing cycle then using fresh water to run it through.