Princess Diana left her jewellery to her two sons, Prince William and Prince Harry, when she died unexpectedly in a car crash in 1997. The Princess' collection of gems was famously extensive, but one piece she was often pictured wearing in her later years was an aquamarine ring which featured a stone the same shade as her blue eyes. The ring was often worn by Diana after her divorce from Prince Charles was finalised in 1996, on the same finger she wore her famous iconic sapphire engagement ring. The aquamarine centrepiece of the ring was thought to have been a gift to the Princess from her friend, Lucia Flecha de Lima. The ring was seen again in 2018 when Meghan Markle wore it to her wedding reception after marrying Prince Harry at St George's Chapel, Windsor. According to a jewellery expert, the stunning ring is worth a staggering five-figure sum. READ MORE: Prince Andrew has aides 'tearing hair up' with hopes for public return Daniel O’Farrell, Founder, Bespoke Jeweller and Diamond Expert at DC Jewellery told Express.co.uk: "Meghan wore Diana’s iconic aquamarine ring as her 'something blue' to her wedding reception in 2018. "Designed by Asprey, the ring is set in 24-carat gold and features a massive emerald-cut aquamarine of potentially over 30 carats, flanked by smaller solitaire diamonds. "This priceless heirloom that matched Princess Diana’s eyes is well worth over £75,000.” As with any of the late Princess' jewellery, the ring would likely fetch a much higher sum due to its historical provenance.   But the Royal Family is unlikely to part with the gem anytime soon, as it has become a firm favourite of Meghan Markle's over the years. During her royal tour in 2018, Meghan was spotted wearing the statement ring to a reception in Tonga. The ring is part of a set, as Diana also owned a matching aquamarine bracelet, but Meghan has yet to be spotted wearing it publicly. During the same tour in 2018, Meghan was also spotted wearing Princess Diana's gold butterfly earrings in Australia.  DON'T MISS:Royals 'not budging' on Meghan report - hope debate 'will wither away' [INSIGHT]The jewellery Kate and Meghan inherited from Diana [ANALYSIS]Six similar photos from Princess Diana and Kate Middleton's weddings [PICTURES] She also wore a gold bracelet cuff that previously belonged to her late mother-in-law. Meghan has frequently worn jewellery from Diana's collection over the years, just like Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, as a tribute to the late royal. Meghan's engagement ring from Prince Harry also includes a homage to Diana in the form of two diamonds. A central diamond from Botswana is flanked by the gems from Diana's collection, which Harry said was "to make sure that she's with us" on their journey as a married couple. 