The so-called Legion Freedom of Russia has declared that its unit now consists of two battalions, in a blow to the Russian President's efforts to destroy Ukraine. The movement began as a group of Russian soldiers who defected to fight for Ukraine. Igor Sushko, director of the Wind of Change Research Group, a think tank based in Washington, DC, told Express.co.uk: "[The group] started some time ago, since the beginning of the invasion. Some Russian soldiers decided to surrender [to Ukraine] and were allowed to, over time and after some training, fight for Ukraine. "There's active recruitment going on inside Russia for volunteers to come fight. So these are Russians, it is all completely comprised of Russians fighting against Putin’s regime." However, Mr Suskho says they are now recruiting civilians inside of Russia who are opposed to the war to carry out various anti-Kremlin activities. He said: “They are very effective at disseminating the messaging inside Russia. "A lot of civilians that are not actually fighting with guns as part of the Russian Freedom Legion are still claimed by [the group] as members that are supportive of the movement.” The announcement comes as Ukrainian forces struck the headquarters of Russia's Black Sea Fleet in Russian-held Sevastopol early on Sunday, the Crimean port city's governor said, while Ukraine reported heavy Russian attacks against two southern cities. Sevastopol Governor Mikhail Razvozhayev was quoted by Russian media as saying five members of staff were wounded in the attack when what was presumed to be a drone flew into the courtyard at the headquarters. The attack coincided with Russia's Navy Day, which President Vladimir Putin marked by announcing that the Russian navy would receive what he called "formidable" hypersonic Zircon cruise missiles in the next few months. Hypersonic weapons can travel at nine times the speed of sound. He did not mention Ukraine directly. READ MORE: 'Suicide!' Russia sanctions doing 'MORE damage' to Europe - warning  Ukrainian authorities said heavy Russian strikes hit the southern cities of Mykolaiv and Nikopol overnight and early on Sunday. Two people were killed and three wounded when 12 missiles hit homes and educational facilities, Mykolaiv Mayor Oleksandr Senkevych told Ukrainian television, earlier describing the strikes as "probably the most powerful" on the city of the entire war. Up to 50 Grad rockets hit residential areas in Nikopol on Sunday morning, Dnipropetrovsk Governor Valentyn Reznichenko wrote on Telegram. One person was wounded. DON'T MISS:Volodymyr Zelensky announces mandatory evacuation from Donetsk region [INSIGHT]'Backtracking' Biden warned he 'failed' to meet anti-fuel policies [ANALYSIS]Ukraine LIVE: Humiliating blow for Putin as Russian Black Sea HQ hit [LIVE BLOG] Putin sent tens of thousands of troops over the border on February 24, setting off a conflict that has killed thousands, uprooted millions and caused a deep strain in relations between Russia and the West. The biggest conflict in Europe since World War Two has also stoked an energy and food crisis that is shaking the global economy. Both Ukraine and Russia are leading suppliers of grain.