The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are known for their keen interest in sports, and passion seems to have been passed down onto their three children. During a visit to Twickenham in February, Kate claimed that four-year-old Prince Louis had taken an interest in rugby and, herself, described him as "kamikaze" when he plays the sport. Speaking on the latest episode of the Daily Express' Royal Round-Up, royal correspondent Richard Palmer discussed the young royal's new-found sporting interest. Speaking of the three Cambridge children, Mr Palmer said; "I think they are all quite into their sport". He added: "I seem to remember Kate talking about Louis at Twickenham when she first became patron [of English Rugby]. "[She was] talking about how he was, I'm paraphrasing, but a, sort of, steamroller people, a bit of a bruiser." At four-years-old, Louis is the youngest of the three Cambridge children. He has two elder siblings, nine-year-old Prince George and seven-year-old Princess Charlotte. READ MORE: 'Monumental row’ Harry and Meghan in bust-up ahead of major royal event Earlier this month, Prince George made his debut at Wimbledon as he joined his parents in the royal box at the Men's Singles final. In an earlier Royal Round-Up, Mr Palmer spoke how George appeared to break a certain rule that members of the Royal Family tend to stick to. Speaking to host Pandora Forsyth, he said: "Somebody shouted out to George about who he wanted to win [the match]. "He [George] appears to say he wanted Djokovic to win", adding that as royals, they "aren't supposed to really do that". READ MORE: 'Not royal to us!' Meghan and Harry branded 'boring' in brutal reality check for Sussexes The young royal, who recently celebrated his ninth birthday, has previously attended football matches with his parents. Just like her brothers, Charlotte is also keen on various sports. During a past tour of Ireland, Kate revealed that her middle child has a passion for gymnastics. Also, People previously reported that the Cambridge's only daughter had been taking weekly private ballet lessons at a dance school in south London. DON'T MISS Kate and William argued over 'divisive' Prince George appearance [REPORT] Prince William issues rare personal message to England's Lionesses [REVEAL] Anne puts Kate and Wills to shame as she attends 9 engagements in days [REPORT] The adorable trio were in attendance during some of the engagaments over the Platinum Jubilee weekend last month. Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis made their debut in the annual British royal family carriage procession during the Trooping The Colour. The Cambridge kids rode with their mum, the Duchess of Cambridge, and their step-grandmother, Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, in the parade. READ NEXT: