Antonio Conte is being granted all of his wishes as Tottenham Hotspur manager in his first summer transfer window at the club. He has signed six players over the past few months, and Spurs are showing no signs of stopping - and have now set their sights on Memphis Depay. The North London outfit have signed Ivan Perisic, Fraser Forster, Yves Bissouma, Richarlison and Clement Lenglet already this summer. And they announced their sixth acquisition of the window on Monday, with Djed Spence being unveiled after making a £13.5million move from Middlesbrough. But six signings does not appear to be enough for Conte, who still wants to add depth to his attack. According to Spanish outlet Sport, Tottenham have made contact with Barcelona over a potential move for Depay. The Netherlands international has been deemed surplus to requirements at the Camp Nou after the arrivals of Raphinha and Robert Lewandowski, with Ousmane Dembele penning a new contract not helping his cause either. Thus, Barca are willing to part ways with the forward. JUST IN: Arsenal chief Edu going ‘all in’ for Youri Tielemans after Oleksandr Zinchenko agreement Tottenham are reportedly willing to offer £14.5m for the former Lyon star and have made the player aware of that. However, Barca would like to hold out for an offer of £17m despite the expectation that Depay will warm the bench regularly next season. The 28-year-old scored 12 and assisted two in 28 La Liga appearances for the Catalan giants last season, and if he could emulate that record in the Premier League then Spurs fans will be overjoyed. The striker has struggled in England previously though.  Depay signed for Manchester United from PSV in 2016, but he fell well below expectations at Old Trafford and made scored seven in 53 appearances in all competitions before being sold. However, with experience in some of Europe’s top leagues under his belt, the versatile forward may not be fearful of returning to the Premier League. Having depth in the final third is something that Tottenham have severely lacked over the years, and Conte has shown that he is keen to address the issue. Harry Kane and Son Heung-Min have paid the price with injuries for not having apt cover, so the arrivals of Richarlison and Depay will be seen as a step in the right direction – especially as Spurs will be competing in the Champions League next season too.