Those on the state pension who have a long-term disability or health condition may be eligible for a benefit payment called Attendance Allowance. How much someone gets from this DWP payment is dependent on the “severity” of their condition with Attendance Allowance being paid in two different rates. However, claimants should be aware that a DWP rule could lead them getting their payments later rather than sooner. To get Attendance Allowance, applicants must have been in receipt of help or supervision from a carer. This assistance must have been administered for at least six months for someone to be eligible for the payment. On its website, Citizens Advice broke down how the six month rule is implemented by the DWP and who is likely to be affected. The charity stated: “You must have had care or supervision needs because of your disability or illness for at least six months before you can get Attendance Allowance. READ MORE: State pensioners may be able to increase sum by up to £14.75 weekly “You don't need to have had a diagnosis for your condition to apply for Attendance Allowance. “For example, you might still be having tests or appointments to find out what's wrong with you. “As long as you've needed help or supervision, or you've had difficulties, for six months because of your condition you can claim Attendance Allowance. “You can save time with your claim by applying before the end of the six months but you won't get any money until then.” It should be noted that any pensioners who are terminally ill are allowed to claim Attendance Allowance without waiting the six months if they are likely to die within that time. However, if someone is terminally ill but unlikely to pass away within six months, the normal DWP rule will be applied. Earlier this year, the UK Government made a conscious effort to promote its disability benefits to eligible pensioners. Chloe Smith, the Minister for Disabled People, Health and Work, emphasised the importance of disabled older people getting support from benefits such as Attendance Allowance. READ MORE: ‘Game over!’ Woman, 42, watches as hackers steal £10,000 in attack  Ms Smith said: “Living with a long-term illness or disability can have a profound effect on daily life, both for those with a diagnosis and those who care for them. “So it’s vitally important you are receiving all the help you are entitled to. “Millions of people already receive this support and I would urge anyone who thinks they may be eligible for extra financial help to check online.” State pension recipients will be able to get £92.40 a week from Attendance Allowance if they are eligible for the higher amount.  In comparison, older Britons will claim £61.85 from the DWP payment if they are entitled to the lower rate. Overall, a state pensioner who is suffering from a severe health condition or illness would get £369.60 a month from Attendance Allowance. Applicants can call the Attendance Allowance helpline on 0800 731 0122 or textphone 0800 731 0317 for more information. Alternatively, they can download a claim form from the GOV.UK website and fill in the form physically. 