Melanie Hennessy "was fuming and let rip" with staff at Outwood Academy Redcar in the Teesside town after her daughter Daisy, 12, was "kept waiting for over an hour" to use the toilet. The mum had told her daughter to drink plenty of water at school, as temperatures in the area soared to 28C this week. Pupils can only use the loo in breaks, or during lessons if they have a special pass or teacher's note, as the school believes the strict policy helps "minimise any disruption to learning". But Mrs Hennessy told Teesside Live: "I'm absolutely livid, they are human beings. "They are treated better than that in prison. The whole system needs to change. The world's gone mad. Medical condition or not, it's a God-given right to go, it's part of nature." Mrs Hennessy claims Daisy has a condition that would exempt her from the rules, but she refuses to pay for a doctor's letter - because "whether she has a medical condition or not, if she needs the toilet she should be able to go". The mum added: "The school has said I need a medical pass from the doctor, you have to pay £50 for it. We fell out over it on Monday, I said to her (Daisy) 'how much have you drank' - she said 'I only drank a bottle and a bit' because the toilets are kept locked. "Having to wear a full uniform, they were allowed to take their blazer off, I knew she would be red hot. "But as a result of drinking more water she needed the toilet only to be kept waiting for over an hour before she could go."   Mrs Hennessy met with staff at the school, rated as Good by Ofsted, but was told the policies will not change regardless of the weather. Some parts of the country will bake in 35C heat on Monday, forecasters says. The mum, of Redcar, continued: "I was told that the rules for using the toilet will not change, children can use the toilet before school (nice of him) at morning break, lunch time and after school. "Now am I wrong in thinking that if you need to go to the toilet then you should go? Those in prison get treated better, my child is not in jail but I feel like she's been treated like a prisoner. "I would completely understand the refusal of going to the loo if she was asking to go every few minutes. I said 'am I to tell my daughter to train her bladder to only go before school and lunchtime? "They should know when children are taking the mick and when they genuinely need the toilet. When I was a teacher, I knew who was being honest with me and who was taking the mick. "What do staff do when they need the toilet? When it's this hot, how do you concentrate when you're stifling hot and you're busting for a wee? "Temperatures are rising, this is the way of the future, we will have to accommodate this and adjust. Children are there to learn not to be treated like prisoners. "They got both barrels from me - and I'm not finished on this one. I will do whatever it takes to change this." A spokesperson for the academy said: "During this period of warmer weather, staff are aware that students are increasing their water intake. Students are encouraged to use the toilet before school, at break time and at lunch time to minimise any disruption to learning. "However, students are permitted to go to the toilet during lessons if they have a toilet pass that has been issued for medical reasons, or if they have a note from their teacher. We have also relaxed school uniform rules due to the weather. "Students do not need to bring their blazers and if they do choose to bring their blazers, they do not have to be worn in lessons or whilst moving around the academy. "Students are also allowed to remove their tie and undo their top button if they are still too warm." 