The Met Office has warned of “exceptional heat” next weekend with the hottest day record for Britain expected to be broken. As Brits brace for a week of increasingly high temperatures, those in the South East have been advised to stay out of the sun, to cover windows and to take care of the elderly and vulnerable. Met Office meteorologist Steven Keates said: “In the week ahead, the talk is definitely one of temperatures, a hot start for many of us, somewhat cool for the time, but then temperatures potentially rising even more so later in the week.” He added: “For most places on Monday, getting off to a cracking start, loads of sunshine once again and it will remain sunny all day long…temperatures into the low thirties across inland parts of central, east and across southern England. “[However,] for next weekend temperatures could become exceptionally hot across the south, will keep you up to date with this on the Met Office website and on social media.” So far, the hottest day recorded in Britain was at Cambridge University’s Botanic Gardens on July 25, 2019 at 38.7C. This beat the previous record set in August 2003 in Faversham in Kent of 38.5C. For this year the hottest day was 32.7C at Heathrow on June 17 but Met Office meteorologist Dan Stroud has said that there is a 30 percent chance of 40C temperatures for the coming weekend. Mr Stroud warned people that “sun protection is a must” with a hat, sunscreen, drinking plenty of water and to stay out of the sun. The public have been warned to keep children out of the heat for prolonged hours, to avoid physical exertion outside and to ensure they wear a high factor sun cream. READ MORE: Cost-of-living crisis forces families out of the countryside - Poll With temperatures over the past weekend reaching near 30C, beaches across parts of Britain were rammed as it became hotter than parts of Hawaii and California. According to the Met Office, the highest temperatures over this week and weekend will be seen in Hampshire, London and the southeast. In conjunction with the Met Office, the UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA) have issued a level three alert for the East and South East of England and London. DON'T MISS: Britons' priorities laid bare in new bombshell poll as Tories battle (POLL)Nato alert: Russian warship intercepted off Norway as war fears erupt (REVEAL) Ann Widdecombe slams Sunak over tax policy (REACTION) A level three alert means there is a “90 percent probability” of the forecasted conditions which will be in place from 9am on Monday to 9am Friday. Meanwhile a level two alert warning of a “high chance” of forecasted weather is in place for the South West, West Midlands, North West and Yorkshire and Humber regions for the same period of time. The UKHSA has advised people to avoid drinking alcohol in excess during the hot weather and to take on more fluids than usual.