Naga Munchetty and Charlie Stayt had spoke to business correspondent Hannah Miller who was reporting from an ice cream factory in Nantwich. With scorching temperatures set to grip the country, the BBC Breakfast reporter was keen to hear how this factory would deal with the demand. But when Naga was less than enthused about the fact Hannah got to try a number of delicious flavours, Charlie didn’t hold back. Before cutting to Hannah, Naga already hinted that she and Charlie had clashed about the segment. “Do you want to have the argument again about the best ice cream?” Naga teased her co-host. Charlie had said vanilla was the best flavour while Naga opted for pistachio as vanilla would become “way too boring”. Hannah agreed with Naga and got to work delving into the details of how the factory would deal with demand. READ MORE: Mick Lynch blasted as he demands 'redistribution of wealth' Chief baker Sarah-Jayne Jones gave Hannah a tour of the factor, revealing they make “over a ton a year” of brownie ice cream. “Bet you wish you were here now,” Hannah said as she signed off her report while enjoying some of the samples. But failing to reciprocate Hannah’s excitement, Naga said: “I don’t like ice cream, Hannah.” “You don’t like ice cream?!” a stunned Hannah replied. “But you just said pistachio?” Naga defended: “If I had to eat an ice cream for the rest of my life it would be pistachio, but I don’t like cold food.” “Do you like brownies?” Hannah responded, trying to get Naga’s excitement levels rising. “Mmmm, not so much,” Naga said as an awkward silence began to descend. “But you know, we’ll get to know each other, Hannah.” Naga let out a laugh before adding: “You’ll find out Charlie likes ice cream!” DON'T MISS:'Descending into chaos!’ Amanda Owen panics over near pig disaster Coronation Street theory: Gary kills again to save kidnapped KellyAmanda Owen teased as she baffles fans with stumbling appearance “I won’t be bringing brownies into the office then!” Hannah joked. “Oh everyone else does,” Naga protested. “Don’t let me deny the rest of the office. “Hannah, it’s been great talking to you, I’m glad you’re enjoying the ice cream. It’s certainly needed in this weather.” As the cameras returned to the studio, Naga turned to Charlie and said: “Hannah’s been sent… Imagine that, business correspondent, what’s your job, to get sent off to an ice cream factory and you actually like an ice cream parlour.” But Charlie was clearly less than impressed with his co-star’s reaction, commenting: “I think you rather brought the tone down there.” “Oh be quiet!” Naga hit back. “Come on. I apologise!” But Charlie didn’t crack a smile as he concluded: “Hannah is working hard doing the story and then…” The pair sat awkwardly before Charlie cut away for the local news headlines and it wasn't just Charlie who was less than impressed with Naga. Weighing in on the moment, BBC viewers took to social media, with Twitter user @VixSeaman penning: “I'm a Naga fan but that was cold girl! I caught second hand embarrassment for Hannah." Steve Marwood agreed: “I don't know what Naga was thinking there, don't think Charlie was impressed, bit of an awkward atmosphere afterwards." And Cat Keyes echoed: “Awkward moment to say the least. A lighthearted piece killed off by a fun sponge." While Jen Edwards added: “Not sure what Naga was thinking! - was incredibly awkward and not very nice for the presenter at the ice cream factory!" BBC Breakfast airs daily at 6am on BBC One.