Desserts don't have to be unhealthy and by adding chia seeds to their food, people could find they are in a better position on their weight loss journey. The tiny white and black seeds have long been an excellent addition to people's diets and have been found to help weight loss and reduce belly fat. A study published in the European Journal of Clinical Nutrition found that chia seed supplementation reduced appetite and increasing feelings of satiety in participants. They have also been found to boost digestive health and metabolic rate, and they are high in iron, omega-3 content and good fats. What's more, they can be added to any meal. Whether it be oats, sprinkled on soup, mixed in with a protein loaded dish or scattered on top of a smoothie, chia seeds tend to be tasteless but full of goodness. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake One of their best benefits is that they are full of fibre, which helps the body to function and regulate fat. Registered dietician Tara Collingwood said: "Chia seeds are high in fibre, which can help to increase satiety. "They are also a good source of protein and fat, both of which are filling and may prevent overeating." On top of that, chia seeds contain a host of other nutritional values. 100g of the grain contains: 16.5g protein DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] 34.4g dietary fibres 7.7mg 335mg magnesium Rich in omega-3 fatty acids READ MORE: Michael Mosley weight loss: Remove three foods to stay slim For people with a sweet-tooth, why not try a chocolate chia pudding as a low-calorie treat. 60g chia seeds 400ml unsweetened almond milk or hazelnut milk Three tbsp cacao powder Two tbsp maple syrup One and a half tsp vanilla extract Cacao nibs, mixed Frozen berries to serve Put all the ingredients in a large bowl with a generous pinch of sea salt and whisk to combine. Cover with cling film then leave to thicken in the fridge for at least four hours, or overnight. Spoon the pudding into four glasses, then top with the frozen berries and cacao nibs.