Brie Sheridan (played by Zibby Allen), the sister of rugged veteran and bar-owner Jack (Martin Henderson) has only just become a part of Virgin River, but she has already become a firm favourite amongst fans. However, the hit Netflix romance won’t be around forever, and Zibby revealed she has already thought about the roles she wants to take on next. Zibby confirmed she could be making a return to comedy once her time as Brie comes to an end. She now portrays the love interest of Jack’s former best friend, Dan Brady (Benjamin Hollingsworth), but could soon have more TV roles in the pipeline. “I love comedy. I miss comedy,” she explained. “I love comedy and drama equally, truly. “I was classically trained, I came up in the theatre, I studied at the American Conservatory Theater in San Francisco, so I learned to play inside of all the genres," she added. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Robert Sugden's return sealed in Victoria twist Before signing on to Virgin River, Zibby made appearances in comedies such as Disney’s A.N.T. Farm, 30 Second Somebodies and Netflix’s Scaredy Cats. In a recent Q&A for Chatting with B, the actress told fans: “I love laughing, I love making people laugh. I like being playful, I like being playful on set. “Even if we’re doing a drama we’re very playful on Virgin River, even in the heavy scenes, you know? “When we break, when they call cut, there’s lots of laughter. So I miss comedy, I’d love to go back to comedy at some point.” Virgin River may have its lighter moments, but the smalltown romance between nurse practitioner Mel Monroe (Alexandra Breckenridge) and Jack is strongly rooted in drama. Outside of the Netflix series, Zibby already has thriller movie Lies Between Friends in the tank. However, if Virgin River’s confirmed fourth and fifth seasons end up being the show’s last, the former comedy star could set her sights back on sitcoms for her next project. “I did a little bit before in the multi-camera sitcom world, which is such a different world,” she explained. DON'T MISS:P-Valley’s Lil Murda stay pays tribute after emotional reunion [COMMENT]NCIS Hawaii’s Vanessa Lachey on how new role impacted marriage [INTERVIEW]Stranger Things clue could confirm Max’s fate in season 5 [THEORY] “When you watch those TV shows that have a laugh track, often it’s almost in front of a live audience, and I’ve done some of that work before and it’s really fun. It’s almost like doing theatre, it’s like a play on crack I always say! “So I’d love to do some multi-camera sitcoms again, but also I’ve always wanted to do a period drama, where, you know, something like Downton Abbey or Versailles or Bridgerton," she said. Zibby has already proven both her dramatic and comedic chops in Virgin River by bringing some much-needed levity into Dan’s life following his struggles in the first two seasons. Could a hit costume drama be on the cards, or would Zibby feel more at home in a popular comedy like Young Sheldon or Workin’ Moms? She went on: “I think it would be really, really fun just to get dressed up in all those costumes and revisit a time in history in the storytelling world. “So, there’s lots I still want to do, but, honestly, it’s not necessarily one genre I’m obsessed with. I just love playing in them, and I hope I get to continue to do it in a variety of different genres across my career. “It’s really fun to play a romantic lead in Virgin River, though. I’ve actually never done that before so it’s been fun to dip my toes in that world.” Viewers have certainly warmed to Zibby’s character Brie after just appearing in one season so far, and she’ll hopefully continue to impress if she sticks around town throughout seasons four and five. Virgin River season 4 will be released Wednesday, July 20 on Netflix.