Against a weakening euro, sterling has risen 0.6 percent to 85.47 pence - its highest level since June 17. The euro slumped one percent to a 20 year low of $1.0306 against the dollar as the latest surge in European gas prices added to worries about a recession.  Sterling's rise led political and economics commentator Robert Kimbell to comment on Twitter: "The pound sterling is regaining traction against the EU single currency euro. "The pound is up by almost two-thirds of a percentage point on the Foreign Exchange Spot Market already again today (+0.60%). There may be some profit-taking by dealers later, however this is encouraging." However, the pound fell today (July 5) against a strengthening US dollar. With some liquidity expected to return to the foreign exchange market later in the day after the long bank holiday in the US, the pound fell 0.4 percent against the dollar to $1.2051. Simon Harvey, head of FX analysis at Monex Europe. said: "Regarding sterling, the sharp slip in G10 currencies against the dollar shortly after the European open is illustrative of a market that is lacking liquidity and direction."   He added central banks views and US employment data on Friday will likely provide more direction for currency traders. The Bank of England, tasked with tackling soaring inflation while trying to avoid hurting the economy further, has raised rates five times since December. Some market players expect a bigger increase of 50 basis points at the next meeting on August 4. Bank of England policymaker Silvana Tenreyro is expected to speak later in the day, while the central bank Chief Economist Huw Pill will speak on Wednesday. Fellow member of the Monetary Policy Committee Catherine Mann is due to speak on Thursday.  READ MORE ABOUT CPI DATA SHOWING BRITAIN WORST HIT AMONG G7   Brexit-related risks over a possible suspension of the Northern Ireland Protocol have also been a focus for traders, according to reports. Parliament is currently considering a new law which would unilaterally change customs arrangements between Britain and Northern Ireland which were initially agreed as part of the UK's exit deal from the EU. Last week Sterling concluded its steepest six-month drop since 2016, down more than 10 percent against the dollar this year. Matthew Ryan, head of market strategy at global financial services company Ebury, said in a note: "Any indication policymakers are erring towards raising rates by 50 basis points at the next MPC meeting in August would be positive for the pound and may trigger a recovery rally from currently suppressed levels."  DON'T MISS: Five hospitalised by terrifying e-bike fire as blaze ravages house [REPORT] Pippa and Carole Middleton snubbed after being rejected at Wimbledon [REVEALED] Ukraine saboteurs blow up railway bridge [LATEST]   Francesco Pesole, FX strategist at ING, said markets will probably wait for the EU's reaction to the Northern Ireland Protocol Bill, but the story is more one of global risk sentiment. He said sterling is a pro-cyclical currency and the pound should move mostly in line with the dollar. News of sterling's rise comes as officials ordered banks to set aside two percent of their capital - or about £22 billion - as part of the countercyclical capital buffer from this time next year. The buffer was introduced in the wake of the financial crisis to ensure banks have a rainy day fund. It was slashed to zero during the pandemic, releasing billions of pounds to help businesses and households.  The Bank of England had announced in December it would be increased to one percent as conditions normalised. It will now rise to two percent after the mandatory 12-month notice to banks. Officials stressed they are ready to release the cash again, especially if the economy performs worse than currently expected. In a report from the Financial Policy Committee (FPC), the Bank said lenders are still resilient, despite rampant inflation and the impacts of Russia's aggression in Ukraine. It said: "Although downside risks will present headwinds, the FPC judges that UK banks have capacity to weather the impact of severe economic outcomes."  Households have come under increasing pressure in recent months with inflation hitting 9.1 percent in May. There are a number of reasons for the soaring cost of living, but chief among them is the price of energy. At a press conference after the Financial Stability Report was published, Bank governor Andrew Bailey said: "Financial markets, particularly for commodities, have been volatile in recent weeks, but they are functioning. "The economic outlook is uncertain and undoubtedly a very challenging one for many households and businesses. The banking system is resilient to that outlook, however, or even a much worse one. In sharp contrast to the financial crisis, it is in a position to cushion the economic shocks, not add to them." The Bank has also said the proportion of households which will need to change their habits to be able to afford to pay their debts will not increase much this year.     It will take time for rate increases to be passed on to customers and the hit will also be cushioned by Government support. Officials said the figure is likely to increase in 2023, but the number of struggling households will still remain significantly below the peaks seen in the wake of the financial crisis. 