God of War Ragnarok pre-orders will soon be available, with PlayStation fans able to get their orders in early for the highly anticipated PS4 and PS5 exclusive. It was recently confirmed that the highly anticipated new game from Cory Barlog and Sony's Santa Monica Studio is launching on November 9. And ahead of this release date pre-orders for God of War Ragnarok will become available on Friday July 15 with stock available in different regions at 10am local time. In the UK PlayStation fans will be able to pre-order God of War Ragnarok from the GAME website. Orders will go live at 10am BST on Friday, and ahead of this the official GAME Digital Twitter account alerted its users to the upcoming stock drop. The @GAMEDigitial Twitter posted: "Watch this space. "Come back at 10 am on Friday the 15th to secure your pre-order for God of War Ragnarök!" If you're thinking of God of War Ragnarok you will be able to choose from a number of different versions. READ MOREPS5 review: Plays Beautifully, Looks Beastly The standard edition, which will be available in disc or digital versions, will come with the full PS4 or PS5 game. If you purchase this version of the game on PS4, and decide later to play on PS5, you'll have to pay an upgrade fee. There is also a Digital Deluxe version which includes these features... - Full God of War Ragnarok game on PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 5 consoles. - Kratos Darkdale Armor - Atreus Darkdale Attire (cosmetic) - Darkdale Blades Handles for the Blades of Chaos - Darkdale Axe Grip for the Leviathan Axe - Official God of War Ragnarök Digital Soundtrack - Dark Horse Digital Mini Artbook - Avatar Set - PlayStation 4 Theme If you're after plenty of physical goodies then you will either want the God of Ragnarok Jotnar Edition or Collector's Edition. Both versions come with everything in the digital deluxe edition as well as a Mjolnir replica hammer and more. Here's what is included... GOD OF WAR RAGNAROK JOTNAR EDITION Printed voucher code for the full God of War Ragnarok game on PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 5 consoles. 7-Inch Vinyl Record with music by Bear McCreary – This includes two tracks from composer Bear McCreary. The Falcon, Bear, and Wolf Pin Set – Representing Faye, Kratos, and Atreus respectively, this pin set symbolizes our heroes’ family. The Legendary Draupnir Ring – A ring from Norse Mythology, the Legendary Draupnir Ring comes in a red cloth bag. Brok’s Dice Set – This dice set comes with a metallic silver finish with blue detailing. The dice bag features the Huldra Brothers’ brand. Yggdrasil Cloth Map – This cloth map shows each of the Nine Realms within the branches and roots of Yggdrasil. A Steelbook Display Case (no game disc included) 2” Vanir Twins Carvings 16” Mjölnir Replica Everything in Digital Deluxe version Printed voucher code for the full God of War Ragnarok game on PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 5 consoles. A Steelbook Display Case (no game disc included) – The God of War Ragnarök Steelbook Display Case depicts renditions of the Bear and the Wolf. 2” Vanir Twins Carvings – In the same style as Atreus’ wooden toy carvings of the Huldra Brothers from the God of War (2018) Collector’s Edition, the God of War Ragnarok Collector’s Edition completes the set with carvings of the Vanir Twins. Dwarven Dice Set – This set comes with a set of dice with a quality wood-like finish in a dice bag with a symbol of Yggdrasil on the outside. 16” Mjölnir Replica – A highly detailed replica of Thor’s signature weapon from God of War Ragnarok. Everything in Digital Deluxe edition