Head of RT Margarita Simonyan claimed that Russia should build a future with culture and heating, but firmly stated that Russia should do it without Ukraine. Simonyan claimed that neighbouring Ukraine cannot go on existing. Rossiya- 1 host Vladimir Solovyov chimed in to back up Simonyan's points and compared Ukraine to a cat full of worms. Solovyov compared the Ukrainian people to worms that were being treated by Russia, in which he compared to the doctor, who was killing them. Simonyan told Rossiya-1: "We should be building our future, with culture, with heating, and without Ukraine." Solovyov asked: "Why without Ukraine?" Simonyan explained: "Because Ukraine, as it was, can't continue to exist." Solovyov said: "There'll be no Ukraine we've known for many years." JUST IN: Putin's new nightmare: Zelensky's men plot Black Sea doom & aim for Crimea 'We are ready'     Simonyan added: "It won't be a Ukraine any longer." Solovyov then said: "When a doctor is deworming a cat, for the doctor it's a special operation, for the worms it's a war, and for the cat, it's a cleansing." Simonyan agreed: "Exactly!" Russia has been ramping up its war efforts in recent weeks, with many fearing that Russia will do almost anything to win including using nuclear weapons on Ukraine. READ MORE: Penny Mordaunt pledges to stand up to Chinese after blasting Boris – ‘soft on China’    Ukraine has been supported by Western alliances and NATO members in order to fight off the Russian invasion. Some experts claim the ongoing war is a proxy war between the West and Russia. Russia has been threatening any country that interferes with its invasion with military retaliation, which includes nuclear warfare. Others have advised Ukraine to develop its own nuclear weapons in order to balance out the threat between the two neighbouring countries. DON’T MISS: Desperate Putin says Ukraine turned troops into MONSTERS in 'secret experiments'[INSIGHT]'Nuke England!' Russia issues new nuclear threat but could spare Scotland after IndyRef2 [REVEAL]Erdogan calls for support from Putin and Iran to fight Syrian Kurdish militia [SPOTLIGHT]     A war expert from Loughborough University, Dr Paul Maddrell said: "If I were the president of Ukraine, I'd strongly be considering developing nuclear weapons. Ukraine had nuclear weapons in the 1990s when the Soviet Union collapsed. "There were nuclear weapons on Ukrainian territory, which became Ukraine's and Ukraine agreed to give them up to denuclearise Europe and make it a safer place. “Well, if it had kept those nuclear weapons, Putin would not have invaded because he would have faced a nuclear attack on his country. "Zelensky, if he's prevented from joining NATO, may well think that the only way forward is to develop nuclear weapons – as he may do."  READ NEXT  