The Wimbledon men’s trophy is one of the most iconic in the sporting world and a pineapple on top of the prize is one of its most interesting features. One of Nick Kyrgios or Novak Djokovic will be taking home the highly coveted award later today as they seek to win the tournament’s 2022 final. The fruit adorning the top of the trophy has been one of the most discussed features of the award with many questioning why a pineapple has been made one of the most prominent features. The truth does not seem to be known by anyone, even by the most knowledgeable of Wimbledon experts. The most plausible explanation goes back to 1877 when the trophy was first designed. Pineapples were incredibly rare within Britain during the 19th century and ownership of exotic fruits were seen as a sign of wealth and success. It is therefore argued it was put atop the trophy to symbolise the winner’s victory. Pineapples were originally brought to Britain by Christopher Columbus in 1492 but were very expensive to import and grow until the 1900s when commercial production began in Hawaii. The current Wimbledon trophy is the third iteration of the prize following the Field Cup and Challenge Cup. READ MORE: Roger Federer 'won't come back to Wimbledon' unless he can satisfy Novak Djokovic thought The prize is made of silver gilt and is 46cm tall. All the names of previous winners are inscribed on the metal but a lack of space has meant those since 2009 are now commemorated on a plinth that goes alongside the cup. All champions since 1949 have received a replica. Roger Federer has lifted the trophy the most having won the Championship eight times. He is closely followed by Pete Sampras on seven with [today’s finalist?] Novak Djokovic next with six. The legendary Swiss star missed Wimbledon for the first time in his career with a knee injury, having taken part in every tournament since 1999. He is as synonymous with the tournament as the trophy itself and has spoken of his desperation to play in the tournament again next year. “This court has given me my biggest wins and my biggest losses. I hope I can come back one more time,” the 40-year-old said while participating in last Sunday’s champions parade. "Wimbledon was always my favourite tournament, and will always be my favourite tournament." Novak Djokovic and Nick Kyrgios will be desperate to get their hands on the infamous trophy and its unique pineapple when the competition final gets underway later today.