If you have been told you have borderline cholesterol or high cholesterol, it is imperative that you take action to bring down your reading so that you can minimise your risk of a heart attack or stroke. There are four key factors to implement in the pursuit of a healthier cholesterol reading. Firstly, you must consider the types of foods you are eating; experts at the NHS elaborated. "To reduce your cholesterol, try to cut down on fatty food, especially food that contains a type of fat called saturated fat," the NHS noted. Eat less meat pies, sausages and fatty meat, in addition to hard cheese, such as Cheddar. Also refrain from eating too many cakes and biscuits, or foods that contain coconut oil or palm oil. Instead, opt for dinners that contain oily fish, such as mackerel and salmon, alongside brown rice or pasta. READ MORE: Dementia: The type of fish linked to the brain condition - ‘Avoid overconsumption’ For snacks, nuts, seeds, fruits and vegetables are more favourable and are better for you than cakes. Secondly, the next key component of bringing down your cholesterol levels involves movement. "Aim to do at least 150 minutes (two-and-a-half hours) of exercise a week," the NHS added. This can be broken down into 30-minute stints, five times per week – although, the more movement you engage with, the better. Thirdly, to help bring down cholesterol levels, you need to be a non-smoker. "Smoking can raise your cholesterol and make you more likely to have serious problems like heart attacks, strokes and cancer," the NHS cautioned. If you would like support to quit smoking you can contact your GP and/or the NHS Stop Smoking Service. The NHS Stop Smoking Service helpline (for England only) is available on 0300 123 1044. Fourthly, cholesterol levels can be brought down by cutting down on how much alcohol you drink. The NHS encourages people to have several drink-free days each weekend to avoid binge drinking. Binge drinking is classified as drinking lots of alcohol in a short amount of time. "Ask your GP for help and advice if you're struggling to cut down," the NHS stated. Four key ways to lower cholesterol levels From the age of 40 to 75, the NHS should invite you for an NHS Health Check every five years. The NHS Health Check tests for cholesterol levels, in addition to early signs of: dementia, diabetes, heart disease, and kidney disease. People are also able to request cholesterol checks at their local pharmacy for a fee.