One of the biggest contributors to global plastic waste is single-use nappies. In the UK alone almost 4 billion nappies are thrown away every year and across the globe 300,000 nappies end up in landfill every minute. Reusable nappy specialists Bambino Mio calculated that in the first two and a half years of a child’s life, a staggering 6,384 disposable nappies are sent to landfill per baby. That is enough nappies to be 10 times the height of The Shard in London. Although those of us who are concerned about landfill waste are keen to recycle all that we can, recent announcements of nappy recycling pilot schemes fill us with false hope. Nappy recycling cannot represent a long-term solution to the problems caused by single-use nappies. Single-use nappies are also one of the most difficult products to recycle, comprising cellulose pulp/fluff (usually wood or cotton), super absorbent polymer, adhesives and plastic, as well as human waste. They require separate collection from homes, and delivery to the recycling plant (of which there is currently only one in the UK) with diesel powered trucks - and then require inputs of energy and water to clean and separate the materials, creating additional environmental impact. So, the recycling process actually makes the total CO2 caused by disposables even higher. Whilst also encouraging an increase in production of single-use nappies which will continue to overwhelm the world’s ability to deal with them. There have been attempts to recycle nappies previously - in Italy and within the UK, but neither have represented a large scale solution. The site in West Bromwich struggled to find buyers for the product created from the recycling of nappies. There are huge consequences when dirty single-use nappies contaminate recycling. This month is was revealed that a Kent-based company has had to pay out nearly £24,000 after shipments of plastic recycling bound for Turkey were contaminated with disposable nappies. The entire contaminated shipment had to be incinerated, releasing carbon and chemical fumes into the atmosphere. As well as costing almost £11,000 in enforcement costs. The damage caused by disposable nappies is not new and this issue can no longer be ignored. An environmental solution is available now in the form of reusable nappies, reusable alternatives provide the best chance we have to help reduce single-use plastic waste and CO2 emissions. Just 16 reusable nappies are needed from birth to potty training, a whopping 6,368 nappies less than disposables. A more sustainable solution to nappy recycling is the greater promotion of reusable nappies to parents. Including promotion of non-profit "nappy libraries", reuse of pre-loved reusable nappies through resale and donation, greater standardisation and awareness for reusable nappy voucher schemes. Although parents increasingly choose reusable nappies already, promotion requires joined-up action from all of the places where parents get support, including healthcare professionals, early-years providers and most importantly, local and national government. Bambino Mio have saved over 1,976,864,136 nappies from landfill, imagine how much of a positive impact it would have on our planet if more parents switched to reusable nappies.