Motoring experts at GSF Car Parts have warned drivers across the UK not to keep certain items in their cars during heatwaves. Two of those are wine and beer, which can cause considerable damage during the summer months. The consequences can vary from electronic devices overheating to large cleaning bills. When it comes to bottles of wine and beer, the experts said that leaving them in a car during a heatwave can lead to more than just a strange taste. An unlucky resident from Birmingham has recently found it out the hard way. The driver left a bottle of Prosecco in her car in the hot weather, only to have it explode and leave her with a £2,258 cleaning bill to repair the damage. READ MORE: Drivers urged to look out for ominous marks on tyres The explosion took place because some alcoholic drinks change composition above 25 degrees. When this happens, wines and beers will become sour, vinegar-like liquids. As the chemical composition of the beverages changes, both cans and bottles are liable to explode due to the increased pressure. Other alcoholic drinks, such as spirits, can change flavour and composition in a hot car too. DON'T MISS Drivers warned of massive £5,000 for wearing flip flops at the wheel [REVEAL] New THINK! campaign highlights 'vital' Highway Code changes [INSIGHT] Drivers urged to follow vital air conditioning tips to save fuel [ADVICE] The best policy is to avoid leaving alcohol in a vehicle for long periods in the heat. Bottles of beer and wine are not the only items drivers should not leave in their cars. Experts at GSF Car Parts have put together a list of things that should never be kept inside a vehicle during the summer months. The list is as follows: READ MORE: Locals slam council for building 20ft cycle lane - ‘Glorified lay-by’ Avoid leaving batteries in your car when it's hot. Small and easy to forget about or lose track of, batteries can rupture or leak acid if left in high temperatures for a long time. Battery manufacturers do not recommend leaving their products out in the heat for this reason. When the battery heats up, it can disrupt its protective structure and leak acid into your car. Battery acid is corrosive and is also dangerous if inhaled, so if you do come back to your car to find an exploded battery, make sure to get it cleaned as soon as possible. Even if the battery doesn't leak, it can also lose capacity after being left in your car, so it's worth bringing them inside to store. Always take your phone and any other electronic devices out of your car if you're going to be leaving it for any length of time. Lots of phones have a safe temperature window that they can operate within, and you can look this up on the manufacturer's website. It will also state the maximum temperature that your phone can cope with. Many phones also show you a warning when they begin to overheat, so when you see this you should move them to somewhere cooler. Other electronic devices should also be kept out of hot vehicles. The heat might cause damage to the batteries or any plastic casing, or overheat them so that the operating system doesn't work correctly. Sunscreen is another item that's very easy to forget and leave in your car when you're out taking in the sunshine. But if you leave it in your vehicle too long, you might come back to find it smelling quite strange, and in extreme heat, the cap of the bottle may have opened due to pressure. Sunscreen that has been left out in the heat tends to become unusable as it congeals due to the temperature. It's advisable to treat it like expired sunscreen and replace it.