Nick Kyrgios has suffered a post-Wimbledon nightmare after his luggage was lost at an airport in Toronto on Wednesday. The Australian reached his first ever Grand Slam final on Sunday as he went head-to-head with Novak Djokovic in the showpiece event at Wimbledon, before succumbing to the Serbian in four sets. Fresh from his appearance at the All England Club, Kyrgios jetted off to Canada with his girlfriend Costeen Hatzi this week. But their trip didn’t get off the best start as they were forced to play a waiting game at the airport. After touching down in north America, Hatzi took to Instagram to post a video which shows the couple lying on the airport floor. Hatzi is wearing a mask and makes a peace sign to the camera, while Kyrgios is cuddled up to her with his eyes closed. The caption next to the video reads: “The reality of delayed flights and lost luggage.” And Kyrgios later shared the video. Kyrgios made quite the impression in SW19 as he produced a string of stellar performances to go beyond the quarter-finals of a Grand Slam for the first time. And he gave Djokovic a scare in the deciding match as he came out firing on all cylinders to land the first set. JUST IN: Becker protested against as prisoners' families moan about privilege  Kyrgios unleashed his enormous serve throughout the showdown as he hit 30 aces to put the veteran on the ropes. But Djokovic held his nerve to turn the match around and claim his 21st Grand Slam title, seven of which have come at Wimbledon. And following the match Kyrgios admitted he felt like he belonged in the final. “I played a hell of a first set and put myself in a position to take a stranglehold of the match,” the 27-year-old said. “My level is right there. I feel like you look at what Novak has done to some other opponents, and it's not a good feeling. DON'T MISS:Roger Federer sets tennis fans on edge with 'time will tell comment'Wimbledon consider Russian ban in 2023 as LTA prepare legal showdownEmma Raducanu continues record-breaking run despite Wimbledon loss     “But I'm right there. I'm not behind the eight ball at all. I played a Slam final against one of the greatest of all time, and I was right there. It was a hell of an occasion. People were probably expecting me to have something happen today. But I came out in the first set and I looked like I was the one who had played in a lot of finals. I thought I dealt with the pressure pretty well. “I felt like I belonged, to be honest. I've played big finals before. My record in finals is pretty good. I've played some very good players in finals. I've got that under my belt now, a Wimbledon finalist. I can kind of draw from experience.” 