Carrie Johnson, formerly known as Carrie Symonds, will soon move out of No 11 Downing Street with her young family following her husband’s resignation. While Carrie is best known as the third wife of Prime Minister Boris Johnson, the 34-year-old mother of two was no stranger to Conservative politics before her marriage. Here’s what we know about where Carrie Symonds lived prior to her relationship with the PM. Carrie Johnson was born on March 17, 1988, and grew up in East Sheen, South West London. She was raised by her mother in the leafy, upscale area, where she attended a prestigious private school called the Godolphin & Latymer School. With such a privileged background, Carrie was well-prepared to enter the world of politics in the years to come. Other than a short stint at the University of Warwick, Carrie has always lived in the British capital. READ MORE: Can you mow your lawn when it's raining? Before going public with her relationship with then-colleague, Boris Johnson, Carrie was living in Camberwell, South London. It is thought that Symonds still owns the flat, which overlooks Brunswick Park in the Borough of Southwark. According to the Times, the property is surrounded by several other “relatively affordable” Grade-II listed period homes from the Victorian, Edwardian and Georgian eras. The £750,000 flat has metro tiles in the bathroom, an open-plan kitchen and living room, a shaker-style kitchen with granite worktops, an integrated espresso machine, and several cookers. In 2019, it was rumoured that Boris had moved in with Carrie at her South London address following confirmation of their relationship. DON'T MISS:Baking soda cleaning: 5 areas to clean - from sinks to showers [REVEAL]Can you mow your lawn when it's raining? [ANALYSIS]Tomato plant pruning: How to fix yellow or curled-up leaves [INSIGHT] In 2009, Miss Symonds joined the Conservative Party as a press officer where she worked for almost 10 years. Carrie’s office was located in the Conservative Campaign Headquarters (CCHQ), where she worked on Boris Johnson’s campaign during the 2010 London Conservative Party mayoral selection. The young professional, who is 24 years her husband’s junior, resigned from her position at CCHQ in 2018 before confirming her romance with the future Prime Minister just one year later. More recently, Carrie worked as a senior adviser at Oceana, which supports the Bloomberg Foundation’s Vibrant Oceans Initiative. The role involved being part of an international marketing communications team based in London. In January 2021, she joined the animal rights charity The Aspinall Foundation as its head of communications. While it is thought that the pair only moved into Carrie’s luxury flat in June 2019, the pair didn’t wait long to purchase a new property together. In July 2019, they bought a four-bedroom semi-detached property in the same area. For £1.3million, the pair were lucky enough to get a garden and a very spacious home in the esteemed London suburb. Since then, Mr and Mrs Johnson have lived in No 11 Downing Street. In April 2020, they welcomed their first child, a son named Wilfred Lawrie Nicholas. One year later in May, the pair tied the knot in Westminster Cathedral - a Catholic church just 1.5 miles from their Downing Street home. In the same year, Carrie gave birth to a baby girl named Romy Iris Charlotte on December 9, 2021. It is currently unknown where the Johnson family will move to once a new Conservative Party leader is announced on September 5, though it is likely to be their existing Camberwell house.