The Prince of Wales Bridge has been closed in both directions. Motorists have been warned by police to expect severe disruption as planned protests against soaring fuel prices take place. The protest got underway just after 7am with heavy traffic on the busy bridge within an hour. A traffic camera at Junction 23 Magor shows the full scale of the chaos, with several vehicles at a standstill.  Avon and Somerset Police advised motorists to plan ahead, with several key routes likely to be affected, including the M4 Severn Bridge between England and Wales in both directions, ahead of the morning rush-hour. The force also warned a "slow-moving roadblock" is also planned on the M5 between Bridgwater and the Almondsbury Interchange from about 8.30am, which is likely to head east towards Bristol via the M4 and M32. There is also the possibility of the same protest being carried out along the same route towards Somerset. The protests are also expected to have a knock-on effect on various other roads. The M4 is now closed eastbound from Junction 23A Magor to Junction 23 M48, according to traffic monitoring system Inrix. It says: "Road has been closed to direct traffic away from the protest that is taking place on the the Prince of Wales Bridge." Gwent Police Chief Superintendent Tom Harding said: "We are seeing significant delays both east and westbound on the Prince of Wales Bridge due to the planned protest. "We are seeking to return traffic to normal as soon as possible. Please keep an eye on our social media channels for further updates throughout the day." READ MORE: Plotters launch attack to oust Boris TODAY as PM ready to fight back  Chief Superintendent Harding had advised drivers to work from home where possible and avoid the area between 7am and 7pm. Protestors are planning are set to block parts of the of the road between M4 Magor services, junction 23A eastbound, and Junction 20 of the M4 during that period. Avon and Somerset Superintendent Paul Wigginton earlier said: "Working alongside Gwent Police, we are engaging with the various organisers of these protests. "People have a right to peaceful protest and liaison teams from both Gwent and Avon and Somerset have been working to understand campaigners’ plans so public safety is maintained and to reduce disruption to others.  "Nevertheless, drivers can expect journey times will likely be longer than normal, especially on motorways and main roads during the busiest times of the day. "We advise motorists consider any alternative travel plans available and ensure they are suitably prepared in case they are delayed.” A traffic camera at Junction 23 Magor shows several vehicles are at a complete standstill. Martin, who is trying to get to Cardiff from Portsmouth, told BBC Radio Wales: "I can see about seven white vans, quite a lot of protesters and a lot of police. Police look like they are trying to clear the road at the moment.  "The traffic is at a complete standstill in both directions. It looks like there is a few miles of traffic behind me. "I am going towards Newport and we are at a complete standstill. It looks like the road is blocked in both directions. "There are quite a few people who have got out of their vehicles to see what is happening." FairFuelUK founder Howard Cox said protests throughout the UK will primarily target three-lane motorways and cause disruptions on two lanes, leaving the fast lane free.  The organisation is not involved in the protests, but Mr Cox said he is "fully supportive" of the demonstrations as long as they are conducted legally. Chancellor Rishi Sunak is coming under increasing pressure to cave to demands for a bigger cut to fuel duty after the 5p per litre reduction implemented in March failed to stop prices surging. Last Thursday, the average price of a litre of petrol at UK forecourts reached a record high of 191.4p, according to figures from data firm Experian, while diesel is even more expensive at 199.1p. The Government is sympathetic to those struggling with rising prices and understand they have a right to protest, "people's day-to-day lives should not be disrupted" and warned that traffic delays "will only add to fuel use". THIS IS A BREAKING STORY. MORE TO FOLLOW... 