Dirty dishes are easy to clean using a dishwasher, but you may not get the gleaming results you hoped for if the appliance itself is covered in grime. While having a clean dishwasher is often overlooked when it comes to blitzing the kitchen, it’s more important than you may think to keep yourself and the machine healthy. Here’s what you need about keeping your dishwasher in good condition, including how often it should be cleaned. Research by the interior team at Thomas Sanderson has revealed that Britons clean their dishwashers just once a year. However, this simply isn’t enough to keep harmful dirt and bacteria away from the utensils we cook and eat from. In fact, some cleaning experts believe that a deep clean should be done as often as once a month to keep your appliance in working order. READ MORE: Easy way to deep clean a ‘filthy’ rug in less than 10 minutes Richard Petrie, a spokesperson for the company said: “It's important to remember that just because something appears clean, it definitely does not mean it is. “There are often all sorts of nasty germs lurking on the surface that can make you ill so it's recommended you clean often if possible.” There are a few telltale signs that your appliance needs cleaning, the most common of which is an unusual smell. A damp, musty odour is perhaps the most noticeable sign your appliance is dirty, but what else can you look for? Melissa Maker, a cleaning expert at Clean My Space said: “You might see a mouldy or mildew kind of build-up on the sides of the dishwasher door or in the corners.” Stained dishes also hint at a clogged-up dishwasher, and is often caused by food getting trapped in the bottom of the appliance. Instead of cleaning the items, you place in a wash cycle, the bacteria and food will just be redeposited back onto the glasses and dishes. This causes flecked, or “caked-on” residue. DON'T MISS:14 most fragrant plants to grow in your garden [REVEAL]Lavender: ‘Right time’ to prune popular plant [INSIGHT]‘No reason to stop’: 4 plants to sow now for late summer [LATEST] While it is recommended to clean the whole dishwasher on a monthly basis, some homeowners have urged others to consider cleaning certain components after every use. A Florida-based blogger who goes by the name Jettset Farmhouse shared her tip to clean the filter after every load, or at least every week. The mother of six instructed her followers to remove the filter and soak it in soapy water while an empty cycle is running on the appliance. She said a “nice deep clean” with some dish soap and a brush should be enough to keep bacteria and food deposits out of the filter. Dishwasher salt should be used regularly to prevent limescale building up in the appliance, but there are a few other ingredients you can use to banish dirt and grime. Every month, clean the machine with white vinegar and baking soda to keep it working well. To do this, remove the bottom rack when the dishwasher is empty and check the drain strainer for lingering debris. The strainer and detergent dispenser should be cleaned out using a soft-bristled brush and some water. Replace the rack, fill a glass bowl with one cup of distilled white vinegar, and put it on the top rack. Run a hot water wash cycle without the drainage step and finish by sprinkling one cup of baking soda in the bottom of the appliance. Do another short, hot water cycle to flush out the white residue and reveal a clean, odour-free dishwasher.