American network Starz has still yet to confirm a green light for a third season of P-Valley, but the series has steadily become one of its most popular new outputs with this year’s follow-up. With just a few episodes left before the strip club drama takes another hiatus, the cast has spoken exclusively to Express.co.uk about the possibility of returning for more drama at The Pynk. The cast of P-Valley has all confirmed they’re willing to return for at least one more season of the acclaimed drama series. Season two has proven to be an even bigger hit for Starz, but a renewal for a third season may not be announced until the finale airs at the beginning of August. Nevertheless, much of the cast is already confident the series could very well continue for many more years to come if enough fans keep tuning in. “We’re waiting, the network is waiting to see how the numbers come in and things like that,” Uncle Clifford star Nicco Annan explained. READ MORE: SEAL Team’s David Boreanaz pays tribute to coach of ’20+ years’ “And we are here ready. I think the way people are knocking on the door, like, ‘Open, open, open, open’. “I’m hoping people show up, I’m hoping people download StarzPlay, I’m hoping people really watch the show and share it. And not have a stigma of what sex workers could be, or think of this show only in the context of strippers. “This is a profession, these are people, these are humans and this is just where they work. But it is a whole ride!” After a hiatus of nearly two years, the second season of P-Valley premiered with a huge ratings boost for the series. Now P-Valley has become one of Starz’s biggest performers, hopefully, the rest of the season maintains enough popularity to commission more instalments from showrunner Katori Hall. Brandee Evans, who portrays veteran dancer Mercedes, said: “I really pray so, that is my wish and my dream, including my team’s. “I really enjoy playing Mercedes, so I really do hope Katori and the network allow me to reprise this role for a season three if we’re picked up. “I’m going to claim when we’re picked up. I know that I can carry on, I know that there are more stories Katori has in her toolbox for Mercedes and I hope I’m around to be able to do that.” DON'T MISS:Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen shares ‘stressful’ experience [VIDEO]Carol Vorderman leaves James May flustered in flirty exchange [INTERVIEW]Naga Munchetty distracts BBC viewers with outfit [REACTION] While Lil Murda himself, J Alphonse Nicholson, matched Brandee’s confidence, adding: “I’ve got a strong feeling, from my lips to God’s ears. “I’ve got a strong feeling, just the way this season ended. I think Starz... they understand the magnitude of P-Valley and what Katori has created. “They’re very invested in supporting stories created by Black women, so I think if they continue moving in that direction P-Valley has some longevity over here at Starz. “The story’s kind of endless. Katori can take it anywhere she wants. I see P-Valley going for five, six seasons, for sure.” “We’re always hopeful,” Hailey Colton star Elarica Johnson said. “We hope fans keep watching, keep demanding for more. “Katori has stories for these characters for life. So there is three, four, five, six, I’m sure all the way up to 10 somewhere in the atmosphere. It’s just whether or not we get the green light.” There are still just four episodes left of the current season, but hopefully fans won’t have to wait too long to find out if P-Valley has more in store for the future. P-Valley season 2 continues Sundays on Starz in the USA and is available on StarzPlay in the UK.