RB Leipzig forward Brian Brobbey has already hinted at a desire to follow Erik ten Hag to Manchester United after impressing while on loan at Ajax over the course of last season. The 20-year-old excelled under Ten Hag's guidance and is said to be a target for the Red Devils manager in advance of the new Premier League campaign, which is set to get underway in early August. Ten Hag is thought to be on the lookout for additional firepower at the top of the pitch, with Cristiano Ronaldo's immediate future at Old Trafford far from certain. Brobbey is among the names to have been linked with the 13-time Premier League champions in recent weeks and has already urged Ten Hag to snap him up with a tongue-in-cheek request after Ajax's win over NEC back in April."I am very happy for him and he really deserves it after everything he has done for Ajax," said Brobbey when quizzed on Ten Hag's move to United. "If only he brings me with him in two years... no no, joking joking!"There could well be an element of truth in Brobbey's comments, though, with Bild claiming that he would be 'totally open' to the idea of joining United this summer. Ten Hag is also said to have already phoned Brobbey in order to touch base over a potential £13million move to Old Trafford, according to The Times. JUST IN: Liverpool star set to be denied debut in Man Utd tie as 'injury' found Ajax were initially expected to complete a permanent move for the forward, who bagged seven goals in 11 league matches for Ajax last season. However, it now seems as if the Dutch giants could be joined by United in the race for Brobbey's signature over the coming weeks and months.Brobbey is a product of Ajax's famous youth academy and was given his senior debut as a teenager by Ten Hag back in 2020. He went on to join Leipzig on a free transfer last summer before he was loaned back to Ajax in January, where he formed an integral part of the first-team squad when fit until the end of the season.Meanwhile, former Ajax winger Kenneth Perez recently waxed lyrical over Brobbey's qualities, insisting that he has come on leaps and bounds since leaving the Dutch club over a contract dispute a year ago. "I'm really flabbergasted that a player who has played so little for half a year has gotten so much better," Perez told ESPN. "His assumptions have really improved because before his feet were like a trampoline."Now he's making a kind of movement that makes it easier for him to keep the ball with him. His physique is of course also impressive."RB Leipzig has a player who has increased in value in the last half year, they wanted to look at it and see what comes of it. Ajax has become better and so has Brobbey, he has done a fantastic job." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here