"Ardent?" You say. "Aren't you a bit long in the tooth for ardour? Haven't you cultivated healthy scepticism and ennui? Isn't eagerness for the youthful?" Dear reader, I can't agree. Forget facelifts, fillers and Botox. If you really want to witness the quintessence of youth, watch somebody light up with joy, get inflamed with excitement, eyes sparkling, sinews rippling. And while we're at it, there's nothing sexier than a human being ignited from within. Why am I banging on about enthusiasm? Because my esteemed BBC colleague Justin Webb has called upon his fellow presenters to exercise caution on the eagerness front. Webb - host of Radio 4's Today programme - advises us to "be aware that our enthusiasm for doing our job well doesn't bleed into a kind of enthusiasm that sounds as if we're desperately keen that whatever happens next, happens quickly and on our watch, because that's not our business". Mea maxima culpa. I have often expressed unalloyed glee on my breakfast show when something major - a prime minister resigning, a volcano stranding holidaymakers, a Kensal Rise tornado - happens during my show. I love it when breaking news is exactly that: unexpectedly happening right here, right now, just as I am talking to the audience. Nothing is more riveting than that seat-of-pants live moment when suddenly there's something substantial to broadcast. Imagine presenting a phone-in programme on a bog-standard wet Wednesday when nothing much is going on. On what's known in the trade as "a slow news day", presenters have to muster every ounce of rhetorical oomph to persuade listeners to stick with them. Then picture the studio on a day of unfurling suspense. The lines are red hot. Listeners can't wait to bounce on air and have their say. The airwaves are pulsating. What's not to enjoy? Yet while Justin is delightful and has a point, he confuses his enthusiasms. It's possible to be thrilled to deliver newsworthy news, but still remain resolutely objective about the story itself. He's right that even-handedness is imperative, especially at the Beeb. Yet a broadcaster aglow with energy beats a deadpan delivery hands down - and off-air, a big dollop of enthusiasm works wonders too. Biographer Tom Bower's new book Revenge: Meghan, Harry And The War Between The Windsors suggests that Meghan alienated Harry's Hooray Henry pals when she dared challenge their sexist, transphobic, misogynistic "bantz". If true, who can help but admire Meghan's guts? New girlfriends tend to do mirroring. We pretend we adore whatever our swains are into, watch sport that bores us, cheer on teams we've never heard of and laugh at gags we don't find funny. None of us would dare torpedo a blossoming love by criticising our mate's mates, let alone stay poker-faced when they erupt in unsuitable laughter. Meghan, as painted by Bower, is a chronic killjoy but it takes courage and self-belief to do this in the face of a blossoming royal romance. Credit where it's due. Britain has literally never been hotter and good grief we're being bombarded with information about what not to do. Don't sit in the sun, don't run, walk or have fun, don't sing, whistle or wear anything but white linen, and don't dream of driving or using public transport. In fact, don't do anything except recline on a chaise longue behind drawn curtains as someone attractive fans you with a palm frond. In my line of work I am compelled to dispense such advice as provided by doctors, meteorologists, transport spokesmen et al, and part of me harks back to the long hot summer of 1976 when no one really told anyone what to do except to avoid wasting water. We all mucked in and got on with it. Part of me is happy to do my bit to stop people frying or dying but I still wonder - is infantilising the public always so necessary? Mazeltov to J Lo and Ben Affleck. The couple stood in line alongside ordinary folk and waited their turn to tie the knot at the Little White Wedding Chapel in Vegas, 20 years after their initial dalliance. Despite the duo's tendency to flit from relationship to coupledom and back seemingly without a solo turn in between, I can't help hoping this one lasts. Could "Bennifer" stay the course and give lie to the maxim "an ex is an ex for a reason"? Maybe they've found the key to eternal happiness lies with one another. Perhaps they're so tired of their cavalcade of splits, divorces and disappointments they are clinging to each other for dear life. Maybe at 52 and 49 they have learnt important stuff about what really matters? Unfortunately, my life experience suggests that the writing is already on the wall. Yes, I'm watching Love Island. Yes, I'm thoroughly enjoying it. And yes, as a reality TV veteran I feel for poor Jacques O'Neill, 23, who says deciding to do the show was the worst decision of his young life. It's so weird behind the scenes on day one of any reality show, and that includes Strictly. Gazing around at your fellow contestants, you know full well one will springboard to a stellar role and a multi-million-pound deal. One will fall in love and quit their marriage. Many will blush unseen - they're there but no one will care - and one, or more, will mess up and derail what might have been a long established if thoroughly mediocre career and leave in shreds and tatters. You just pray the latter isn't you. At 76 she's signed an extended contract to carry on playing doughty Evelyn Plummer in Corrie. She's also fed of people being snooty about soaps. She points out that the Street is full of "quite exceptional actors working with very little rehearsal and very little direction". Maureen asks herself if she'd like to be in Sex Education? "Yes, of course. Am I sorry I've signed up with Corrie for another year? No." I'd rather have her in Weatherfield where we can see her regularly than in Sex Education where she'd appear infrequently.