Motorists have been urged to plan ahead as several key routes are likely to be affected, and the morning commute could be severely delayed. Figures out yesterday revealed petrol is 191.4p a litre, while diesel is 199p. In just one year, petrol has jumped up by 44 per cent and diesel has seen an even bigger increase of 47 per cent, with a litre of diesel priced at 135.2p this time last year. Howard Cox, Founder of the FairFuelUK campaign, said fuel protests will take place on the M6, M5, M4, M25, M11, M62 and A12 in Colchester. And he warned other roads could also be impacted. Police say a slow-moving roadblock is planned on the M5 between Bridgwater and the Almondsbury Interchange from around 8.30am, which is likely to head east towards Bristol via the M4 and M32. There is a possibility the same protest could be carried out along the same route towards Somerset. Meanwhile, West Yorkshire Police said drivers could block stretches of the M62 in West Yorkshire from as early as 6am, but added they have “appropriate plans” in place. A Facebook group, created by CarsuniteUK, says a protest is planned at Ferrybridge services near Pontefract.  Organisers said: “We will block the motorway in a peaceful protest. All information will be given out on the day.” The M4 and M32 are also expected to be targeted – as well as both of the Severn bridges to Wales. Protests will take place on the M4 Prince of Wales Bridge crossing between England and Wales in both directions from around 7am. And a potential protest at Tesco forecourts has been rumoured to take place from approximately 10.30am today. Avon and Somerset Police and Bristol Airport urged people to allow extra time for their journeys. Superintendent Paul Wigginton said: “We advise motorists consider alternative travel plans.” Mr Cox said: “It takes a lot for law-abiding voters to rise up and protest. But with petrol and diesel circling £2 per litre and destroying livelihoods, small businesses and causing a debilitating cost-of-living crisis, such demos are to become commonplace.”  He added that with UK petrol prices 20p more than average across 35 European countries and diesel 25p more, Rishi Sunak must cut fuel duty by at least 20p. The fair fuel campaigner added: “Since the onset of the Ukrainian crisis, the big fuel supply chain businesses have reached the lowest of lows in ripping off UK drivers at will.” Fuel prices have risen sharply because the price for crude oil, used to make petrol and diesel, has gone up. 