There's good news for Sky customers today with the satellite TV service not only unleashing a brand new channel but also updating its best deals to offer much cheaper prices for those who fancy adding Sky Q to their living room. Anyone who already subscribes to Sky will now find a swathe of extra content available thanks to a full rebranding of the old Syfy service with this being replaced by something called Sky Sci-Fi. The launch took place earlier this morning, July 26, with subscribers now able to tune into shows such as the zombie series Day of The Dead and movie titles such as Bullet Train Down, Thor: God of Thunder and Bram Stoker’s Dracula. It has also been revealed that series FROM will hit screens today for the very first time in the UK. The 10-episode series unravels the mystery of a nightmarish town that traps all who enter. These new shows join content that was available on Syfy with fans still able to watch shows such as Star Trek, Stargate and Quantum Leap via the updated channel. Speaking about the channel upgrade, Zai Bennett, Managing Director, Content Sky UK and Ireland, said: "From space adventures to futuristic fantasy, Sky Sci-Fi will be joining the host of genre-led brands launched in the past year and will offer a new universe for viewers to explore." The change came into effect from 11 am today with Sky fans finding the channel on 152. Virgin Media users are also able to tune in via channel 138. So, that's the good news for anyone who already has Sky in their home but don't panic if you've not signed up as there are two deals that are now offering much cheaper prices. Firstly, Sky has slashed the cost of its Sky Q, Sky TV, Netflix & Cinema bundle which now also includes the new Paramount+ service. This package usually costs £38 per month but right now that's been dropped to just £35. Those wanting some sporting action can also get the Sky Q, Sky TV, Netflix & Sky Sports bundle for £44 per month saving £7. Both of these deals come with the award-winning Sky Q box which allows users to record numerous shows at once as well as finding contnet using voice search. Sky Q now integrates all the most popular streaming services allowing users to easily watch content from Netflix, Disney+ and more without needing a separate device. Here are the two new deals and how much they cost. Sky Q, Sky TV, Netflix & Cinema • NOW £35INCLUDES: Endless entertainment with over 100 channels not on Freeview plus over 500 Box Sets. There's also Sky Cinema, Netflix and full access to Paramount+UPFRONT FEE: £20CONTRACT: 18-monthsSEE THE DEAL HERE Sky Q, Sky TV, Netflix & Cinema • NOW £44INCLUDES: Endless entertainment with over 100 channels not on Freeview plus over 500 Box Sets. There's also full Sky Sports access and Netflix streaming included.UPFRONT FEE: £20CONTRACT: 18-monthsSEE THE DEAL HERE