As the cost of living crisis bites, many Britons are looking for a holiday bargain. The Post Office Travel Money found the best spots for bargain hunters. This year, Bulgaria and Turkey are the cheapest holiday destinations for value-seeking Britons. The Post Office’s Family Holiday Report found that the two beautiful destinations are likely to be cheaper for Britons than destinations in the Eurozone. In both Turkey and Bulgaria it costs around £86 for the Post Office’s classic family bargain items. The list includes an inflatable lilo, ice-creams, sun loungers, water rides, bucket and spade, a three course meal and more. READ MORE: The safest country in the world for British expats is ‘unbelievable’ The price of a sun lounger for half a day in Bulgaria’s Sunny Beach was just £2.77 while it was free in Marmaris in Turkey. An ice-cream was just 72p in Marmaris and only £1.04 in Sunny Beach while a three course family meal including drinks was only £34.11 in Sunny Beach. Unfortunately, prices had risen in many other popular European summer holiday destinations. Research from TUI and the Post Office found Britons are likely to pay around 11 percent more on holiday than in 2019. Majorca, Puglia and Ibiza were the only destinations to have price falls this year, with Majorca down 3.3 percent since 2019. Crete holidays had increased the most in price with the family items a whopping 38 percent higher than in 2019. Ibiza was the most expensive destination for family holiday essentials with a mask and snorkel set costing over £17. A three course family meal almost three times the price of Sunny Beach, coming in at a pricey £101.83. READ MORE: Cruise ships: Onboard jails have ‘no windows’ Post Office Travel Money’s Nick Boden said: “The Beach Barometer reveals how paying for kids’ treats can tip the family holiday budget into the red. “One way to keep costs down is to squeeze kids’ gear like jelly shoes, masks and snorkels and last year’s lilo into the suitcase – enough to pay for a pedalo ride or some ice creams. “Another easy win is to buy currency before leaving home to avoid poor airport bureau rates. “Change sufficient cash because using an ATM abroad will be expensive when bank charges are added. “What’s more, changing over £500 in Post Office branches or online will bring a better rate.”  Commenting on destination demand, Richard Sofer, Commercial Director at TUI UK & Ireland, said: “Despite the rising cost of living, there are plenty of holidays that demonstrate good value for money for our customers for this year and beyond. “We are seeing strong demand, especially for holidays in these more affordable destinations, with Turkey bookings up 60 percent versus 2019 and the Algarve remaining a firm family favourite, with bookings up a third on 2019, indicating that budget-conscious Brits still want to enjoy an overseas trip. “In addition, we’ve seen a trend towards customers booking our great value all-inclusive offerings in these destinations, which allows customers to budget more effectively when it comes to the total cost of their holiday, as they can work out what they have to spend in destination on any extra meals out, activities or items they might want to buy when they are away.” The Post Office Travel Money offers around 60 currencies for pre-order at about 7,000 branches around the country.