Fans of The One Show will be disappointed to learn the daily magazine show won't air as usual at 7pm on Wednesday as the broadcaster instead airs ongoing Wimbledon coverage and the UEAF Women's Euro 2022 on BBC One. Since Wimbledon 2022 started, Alex Jones has been hosting The One Show from BBC Two, with several other BBC One programmes also switched to the broadcaster's separate station, but with BBC One covering the football from the middle of the week onwards, Wimbledon will instead air on BBC Two until 9pm. The One Show presenters Alex Jones and Jermaine Jenas addressed the schedule shake-up during Tuesday's show. "We're going to be off for the rest of the week to make room for the Women's Euros," Jermaine explained. "But we'll be back next Tuesday, BBC One at 7 o'clock, so we'll see you then!" A break may be needed for Alex, 45, who had to plead with viewers for help on Monday as she struggled to speak due to a sore throat. READ MORE: America’s Got Talent: Simon Cowell in tears watching Nightbirde Presenting the first show of the week, Alex stated in an unusually croaky voice: "Well hello and welcome to your Monday One Show live on BBC Two and iPlayer, with Jermaine Jenas..." "And Alex Jones!" Jermaine continued. He added: "Erm, sounding a little bit ropey there Al, you okay? Your voice is a bit..." "Better than I was," Alex replied. "But you know, sponsored by pineapple juice. "Any home remedies, send them in, it's the most frustrating thing!" As Alex appeared fed up, Jermaine added: "It is, come on, she's pushing through, people. Help her out, send her in your remedies." Later, after Alex and Jermaine had spoken to Thor: Love and Thunder stars Natalie Portman and Tessa Thompson, she thanked people who had shared their natural cures. "Thank you so much for the sore throat remedies," she commented. Turning to the actresses, she continued: "I don't normally speak like this ladies - you won't know that!" DON'T MISS... Eamonn Holmes blasts ITV as he wins News Presenter of the Year [LATEST]EastEnders theory: Mitch Baker's dark past exposed [THEORY]Miriam Margolyes brands Leonardo Di Caprio 'A bit smelly' [VIDEO] Thankfully, Alex sounded a bit better on Tuesday's show. Fans of the programme were left disappointed though because it was pushed back by 30 minutes at late notice. The One Show addressed this on Twitter, assuring viewers the show would be airing but later than scheduled. Several took to social media to fume about the sudden change of scheduling. The women's football games commence on Wednesday, with England beginning proceedings. Coverage for the first Women's Euro match, which will see England take on Australia will begin at 7.10pm, with kick off at 8pm. Gabby Logan will present all the action from the opening match of the tournament. England were semi-finalists in the 2017 competition, losing 3-0 to host and eventual champions the Netherlands. 