The cryptocurrency enthusiasts have deciphered many blockchain messages that they say reveal Ryoshi has returned from obscurity. Speculation has grown that Shiba Inu founder Ryoshi is behind a cryptocurrency project called Dejitaru Tsuka (TSUKA) after cryptic messages about the new project have been found within the blockchain. Shiba Inu aficionados now conclude the new cryptocurrency was created by reclusive cult developer Ryoshi, the mastermind behind the Shiba Inu memecoin. Shiba Inu's community of followers are known for their fervent devotion to the memecoin helping it to soar by 48,000,000% from its 2020 launch price. The outright fervour of the Shiba Inu community, The Shib Army, and the mystic surrounding its founder Ryoshi has allowed the memecoin to transcend its quasi-satirical beginnings and become an entire decentralised ecosystem, within the crypto sphere. The group of developers now guiding the memecoin's progress are planning stablecoin called 'SHI' and has its own decentralised exchange called ShibaSwap. The memecoin's Core Community Member spoke to Express.co.uk and said how people are now seeing "guidelines of the new project" within the actual blockchain.   These encoded messages are similar to the way enigmatic Shiba Inu founder Ryoshi would communicate with his multitude of followers before he vanished and deleted his social media footprint in May of this year. The Core Community Member stated that there were "on-chain messages" with words like, "faith, belief and patience". He described the experience of deciphering these encoded communications as "a sort of rite of passage, one that at the end we think results in some big reveals, that the token is some type of new utility, not just a meme token and that Ryoshi will step from the shadows". Speaking about the current state of affairs with the development of Shiba Inu, he said that "Shib has become very centralised and a sort of launchpad for insider tokens and projects. DON'T MISSWill Shiba Inu coin reach $1? Expert analysis as token SURGES by 215% [INSIGHT]How high will dogecoin go? Experts pinpoint future for digital coin [EXPLAINER]The new DOGE and SHIB competitor taking the crypto market by storm [ANALYSIS]  "I can’t speak for Ryoshi, only the things he’s said, but it certainly seems he had nothing left to say with Shib and Tsuka takes some of the best lessons from Shib, and the last message from the developer was that Tsuka will save most of DeFi". The Tsuka cryptocurrency is like a new age counter-culture movement from 1969 mixed with the tech-cults of late-stage capitalism. In late May, founder Ryoshi deleted his social media footprint and announced his departure from the crypto world in a farewell note on Medium. Ryoshi said: “I am not important, and one day, I will be gone without notice. Take the SHIBA and journey upwards frens.” Since then mysterious messages have appeared on the Ethereum blockchain as transactions notes, with a growing consensus amongst some Shiba Inu fans that Ryoshi is behind Tsuka. The anonymous founder who is renowned for his cryptic methods of communication has stayed silent and has made no claims that he is involved in any new project. This month is the anniversary of the launch of Shiba Inu, the memcoin was launched in August 2020. 