Mr Sunak won the first round of Tory leadership with 88 votes on Wednesday followed by Penny Mordaunt with 67 votes. Former Chancellor of Exchequer, Sunak launched his campaign "ReadyForRishi" earlier this week as he entered the race for the Conservative leader.  Speaking about Mr Sunak’s campaign strategy, Mr Dale told Newsnight on Wednesday: "He is not taking many risks. "I was a part of David Davis’ campaign in 2005 and a part of the reason that campaign failed was because it was complacent. "I thought we got all these names on the board. We are going to win anyway so no risks were taken. David said he wouldn’t leave the European party. "David Cameron, on the other hand, said ‘I will’, so he got all the votes on the right.   "Sometimes, you have to take risks in a campaign and I see Rishi Sunak making all the mistakes that we made in 2005." Announcing his decision to stand in a social media video, Mr Sunak said he wanted to "restore trust, rebuild the economy and reunite the country". He added: "Someone has to grip this moment and make the right decisions. "Do we confront this moment with honesty, seriousness and determination or do we tell ourselves comforting fairy tales that might make us feel better in the moment but will leave our children worse off tomorrow?" READ MORE: Rail chaos to return as union sets date for new strike action  "Sometimes, you have to take risks in a campaign and I see Rishi Sunak making all the mistakes that we made in 2005." Announcing his decision to stand in a social media video, Mr Sunak said he wanted to "restore trust, rebuild the economy and reunite the country". He added: "Someone has to grip this moment and make the right decisions. "Do we confront this moment with honesty, seriousness and determination or do we tell ourselves comforting fairy tales that might make us feel better in the moment but will leave our children worse off tomorrow?" DON'T MISS:Jeremy Hunt lends support to ‘next PM’ Rishi Sunak Shock stats show Gatwick has most cancelled flights Priti Patel backs down from leadership race