Burger and fries lovers alike can rejoice, as Burger King UK has today announced the launch of two new mouth-watering menu items: the Gourmet Kings Farmhouse Burger and Loaded Fries. Express.co.uk was invited to have a taste before the items hit restaurants. Burger King launched their Gourmet Kings range last year with the Argentinian Angus and Steakhouse Angus. The two up-market burgers have been a hit with regulars and newcomers alike. So much so, Burger King is hoping the Farmhouse Burger will be as popular. But that’s not all, there’s a tasty new side too. READ MORE: Food storage hacks: Chef warns ‘never put eggs in the fridge’ The new burger features a 100 percent British and Irish Aberdeen Angus beef patty which has been flame-grilled to perfection. Topped with melted oak smoked cheddar cheese and four slices of crispy bacon. The burger is garnished with sliced pink pickled onion, fresh rocket and a swirl of toasted onion sauce, all housed in a lightly toasted brioche bun. On paper, the Farmhouse Burger sounds delicious, but the pink pickled onions are divisive. With quite a strong flavour they arguably dominated the burger. DON'T MISS...Aldi shoppers rave for brand’s version of Olaplex hair treatment [BEAUTY]Meghan Markle and Beatrice wear almost identical blue dress [STYLE]Prince Harry ‘not pleased’ with Meghan’s ‘clingy’ behaviour [COMMENT] The onion sauce, on the other hand, didn’t taste much of onion at all and you couldn’t taste the rocket either. Four slices of crispy bacon in a juicy burger sound like a delight, sadly, the bacon wasn’t that crispy so I didn’t get the full textural experience I was expecting. Overall it was nice but didn’t blow my tastebuds away. Total score: 3/5 Gourmet Kings Farmhouse Burger - £7.99 Gourmet Kings Farmhouse Burger as a meal - £9.99 READ MORE: Food hack: Easy way to make your own butter for 99p The indulgent fries are available to order in two different styles – with cheese sauce, or with cheese sauce and bacon bits. The fries can be bought as a separate side, or customers can level up their fries within a meal deal. I think these are going to be an absolute hit - especially if you opt for cheese sauce and bacon bits. A healthy size portion of hot crispy chips with a good amount of sauce drizzled over the top and a handful of bacon bits sprinkled to finish. There’s nothing I disliked about them! Total score 5/5 Loaded Fries, cheese sauce only - £3.29 Loaded Fries, cheese sauce and bacon bits - £3.99 Customers can save money and get a preview taste of the Gourmet Farmhouse burger from Saturday 23, July until Monday 25, July when they order it through the Burger King app - and they’ll get free sides and a drink too. The Gourmet Kings Farmhouse Burger and Loaded Fries will be available to all customers nationwide from Tuesday 26, July. Gourmet Kings Farmhouse Burger and Loaded Fries are subject to availability. Available at participating restaurants only.