Prince Charles Philip Arthur George was born in Buckingham Palace on November 14, 1948, to then Duke and Duchess of Edinburgh. There have been two previous kings with the name Charles, but they had very dubious reputations which may put the heir to the throne off using his own name when he becomes king.  Charles I is best known for being overthrown by Oliver Cromwell following the victory of Parliament over the Crown in the English Civil War in 1645. He was also a strong believer in the divine right of kings meaning that he was appointed by God and wasn't answerable to Parliament. The King was put on trial for treason found guilty and beheaded outside the Palace of Whitehall in 1649. Between 1649 and 1660 England had the only period in its history without a monarch as Oliver Cromwell ruled as Lord Protector followed by his son Richard.  However, in 1660 Charles I's son, Charles II, was brought back from exile and the monarchy was restored in an event known as ‘The Restoration’. However, Charles II led a controversial private life with his multiple mistresses. Although Prince Charles could use his own name and become King Charles III it is thought that he may wish to avoid the negative connotations from the previous two Charles'. The prince will also follow the longest reigning monarch in British history so may wish to avoid anything that could cast him in a negative light. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Queen SNUBS Harry and Meghan ahead of shock memoir  Several previous monarchs have opted for different names once they have ascended to the throne. Queen Victoria was born as Princess Alexandrina Victoria and she took the name Victoria when she became Queen in 1837. It was thought that the name Alexandrina was too foreign sounding for a British Queen. Queen Elizabeth II’s father Prince Albert Frederick Arthur George on December 14, 1895 also took a different name. DON'T MISS: Camilla 'ill at ease' with Prince Charles, Harry and William - claims [REVEAL] Prince William’s 'terrible fights' with Camilla's daughter laid bare [INSIGHT] Meghan feared causing ‘embarrassment’ to firm with father row [SPOTLIGHT]  He became King in controversial and traumatic circumstances in 1936 after his brother King Edward VIII abdicated after only a few months on the throne without having had his coronation. King Edward VIII had wanted to marry American divorcee Wallis Simpson which wasn't frowned upon by the royal and political establishment. Prince Albert took the name George and became George VII reigning until his untimely death from cancer in 1952. The name George was seen as a sign of continuity with his father King George V who reigned from 1910 to 1936. Therefore, with the generally positive legacy of King George VI in the public consciousness Prince Charles may decide to style himself as King George VII. 