I did not name names. Judging from the many comments, some readers were vexed by this. That is those who did not think I was mad or bad or dangerous to know. "Why doesn't the Professor tell us who is who? Who is the "rejoiner?" Who the "true Brexiteer?" Well now we are down to the last two and so I will. It is Truss or bust - and I will explain why. My judgement is not based primarily on the policies coming out of the mouths of the former Chancellor and the Foreign Secretary. Although Liz Truss's tax-cutting plan is clearly superior to Sunak's standard Treasury line because she understands the Laffer Curve which shows the maximising level of tax for return, after which higher taxes pull in less tax; and he plainly does not. No, I still apply my tests which are mainly about what the candidates DO (and have done) rather than what they say; and about who they associate with. Who backs each tells you a lot. Rather like Ms Mordaunt before him, the more closely you look at Mr Sunak, the more troubling his candidature becomes. Not just that he was the principal assassin of Boris Johnson. Like Mordaunt, he is technically a Brexiteer: so I asked some of the Vote Leave team, which I helped a bit in the background, because I did not recall seeing him around. "Well", said one staffer, "he was at the Gala dinner and I think he ate more courses than he delivered leaflets." And yes, Sunak is being backed by Dominic Cummings the brilliant Vote Leave mastermind, and his Praetorian Guard.  And Michael Gove - although these days I am never quite sure what that means. Penny Mordaunt is not the only magician on the stage. But Sunak is also backed by Tobias Ellwood who is open about wanting to rejoin the EU. And John Major and the Tory Remainers. And Tony Blair has blessed him, meaning the whole deluded "Rejoiner United" crew who, to their disgrace, are in cahoots with Macron to humiliate us and to punish us for Brexit: look at the Channel Ports mayhem. Coincidence? Hmmm. So what is going on? Well we know that Dom Cummings has been hell-bent on destroying every last atom of BoJo since Mrs BoJo got him defenestrated. And like a programmed Terminator, Dom will go on and on and on. This means slightly crazy Dommish "tweets" attacking Liz Truss's sanity. OK, I understand that. Losing Dom in the way he did was when things began to fall apart for Boris - that and the long-lasting effect of Long Covid. It was Boris's tragedy. Yet review Sunak's backers and you cannot escape the conclusion that he is the Rejoiner candidate in their eyes, whatever he may say - or even think. But my worries about Sunak go deeper into his past. Before he entered politics not so long ago, Mr Sunak was in the City. And before he worked for Goldman Sachs, he worked for a less famous outfit called, beguilingly, "The Childrens' Investment Fund" (TCF) which is run by a legendary operator called Chris Hohn. One of the Trustees of TCF is Ben Goldsmith, brother of Zac, and both deep in the extremes of the "Green Blob". Ben recently called for lists of "climate criminals" to be drawn up against the day that we - I am sure I am on his list because I am a long time environmentalist who does not agree with him - can be arraigned before a "Climate Nuremberg Trial." That is a proposal which I find so deeply offensive on so many levels that it would need a whole article to itself. But Sunak associated with these people. And Chris Hohn is a prime funder of "Extinction Rebellion."  Is Sunak cool with all this? This really matters because whatever you think about global warming, everyone serious now knows that the 30 year excursion into thermodynamically incompetent, polluting and expensive fuels - yes that is right in EROEI, look it up - incorrectly called "renewables," poisoned and weakened the Grid and correction is central to solving the cost of living tsunami hitting everyone. Liz Truss, in contrast, has demonstrated that she is a quick learner. As the economist Keynes once observed, "when the facts change, I change my mind. What do you do sir?" She has delivered Brexit dividends. She will neutralise the weaponised Northern Ireland Protocol that the EU and Rejoiners use to keep us aligned in preparation for rejoining. It is Truss or bust. Apply the tests. Do not be taken in by the razzle-dazzle. 