Meghan Markle, who married Prince Harry in 2018, was known for her on-screen roles including Suits, Random Encounters and the Dater's Handbook, just to name a few. But there is one forgotten cameo appearance where the Duchess of Sussex made her mark, according to Jason Sudeikis. The 46-year-old starred in the 2011 comedy Horrible Bosses, where Meghan, 40, made a brief appearance as a FedEx delivery woman. In an unearthed chat in 2018, Jason described the Duchess as the "sweetest" and admitted he knew one day she would go on to be royalty. After he was shown a brief clip of Meghan's cameo, the on-screen star gushed over her appearance. “I saw it coming a mile away. I gotta be honest with you,” he joked to ET. READ MORE: Anita Dobson reacts to critics after flashing legs distracts viewers “She was regal in that moment, and it seemed like she’s only gotten better at it.” Speaking about his former co-star, Jason commented: “It was great. She was very sweet.” At the time, the A-list star said he did not plan to get up early to watch the royal nuptials, but noted, “My mom will, I bet.” Prior to her marriage to Prince Harry, Meghan was arguably best known for her series regular role as Rachel Zane on seven seasons of the USA Network legal drama, Suits. But the former actress landed herself a small role in the hit comedy Horrible Bosses which also starred Jennifer Aniston. Towards the beginning of the film, Kurt Buckman (played by Jason Sudeikis) is explaining the pros and cons of his job as a manager in a chemical factory, when he notices that one of the other factory employees is signing for a FedEx Express delivery. In one brief scene, Meghan plays Jamie, the FedEx delivery employee left waiting for a signature. Kurt later commented: "I mean you're way too cute to be just a FedEx girl. I mean you've got to be like a model or actress or something, right? Like, what happens when I open up one of these boxes? DON'T MISS... Fern Britton mocks 'toy boy' Boris over Carrie as she carries baby[LATEST]Piers Morgan sparks divide as Boris refuses to resign just yet[POLITICS]Kate Garraway unveils ripped trousers after 'audible' wardrobe blunder[PICTURES] Laughing at the infamous flirt's suggestions, Jamie simply said, "No, nothing's going to jump out. I'm just a FedEx girl." In the film, Meghan could be seen wearing the FedEx uniform as she sported a cap and the company t-shirt. She has since moved away from the big screen and also royal life after she and Harry officially stepped down as working royals in 2020. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex, who tied the knot in 2018, now reside in California and have embarked on various projects producing content for podcasts to writing books. More recently, Harry and Meghan were seen watching the July 4 parade in Jackson Hole, Wyoming, with three-year-old son Archie as well as members of a security team and friends. Pictures of the couple enjoying the trip were shared on social media, although they were later deleted. Onlookers at a trendy ski resort in the US spotted the Duke and Duchess of Sussex enjoying the nation’s Independence Day celebrations with their son Archie clutching a US flag, according to the Mirror. The Sussexes visit for the July 4th parade comes two years after their own independence as they quit their lives as senior working royals. 