  Coleen Rooney and Rebekah Vardy have made headlines with their famous Wagatha Christie trial. The exact time of the verdict has now been announced, when the public will discover how the judge has ruled in the high-profile legal battle.      After weeks of waiting, a verdict is now imminent following three years of drama and bad blood between Coleen, 36, and Rebekah, 40. Coleen, who is the wife of former England footballer Wayne Rooney, had made claims that stories about her had been leaked from Rebekah’s Instagram account. Meanwhile, Rebekah has insisted that such claims were defamatory, taking her to court. Rebekah is the wife of Wayne’s fellow pro-footballer, Jamie Vardy. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry's appearance 'paint a thousand words' claims host    Now it has been revealed that tomorrow at 12 noon, the judgement in Vardy v Rooney will be handed down by Mrs Justice Steyn. This hand down will be taking place remotely, with nothing physically happening in court. The widely talked about court case drew to a close back in May, after a rollercoaster of events unfolded. Rebekah is suing fellow footballer’s wife Coleen for libel following the star's claims.     The spat between the pair began back in 2019, when Coleen accused Rebekah's account of leaking stories from her private Instagram feed to the press. Rebekah has denied these allegations and subsequently sued Coleen for defamation. Coleen and Wayne missed the final day of the trial as they jetted off to Dubai with their sons for a family holiday. Rebekah attended the last day on her own as her husband Jamie prepared to play for Leicester City. READ MORE... John Cleese leaves BBC interview over line of questioning [LATEST] Charlie Dimmock addresses decade-long absence from TV [INSIGHT] Clint Eastwood's first child was a secret daughter who was adopted [NEWS]    In a now infamous social media post, Coleen accused Rebekah of selling stories from her private Instagram account to the tabloids. She claimed she had spent five months trying to determine who was sharing information about her and her family based on posts from her personal social media. She came to the conclusion, after sharing a series of “false” stories and using a process of elimination, that the leak was coming from Rebekah’s Instagram account. As she denied the claims, Rebekah added she was “so upset” by the accusation.     “I thought she was my friend but she completely annihilated me,” she claimed. Rebekah is a model and media personality, who has appeared on I'm a Celebrity... Get Me Out of Here! in 2017 and on Dancing on Ice in 2021. Leicester City striker Jamie Vardy has played for the England national team under Coleen’s husband Wayne. Widely considered one of the best players of his generation, Wayne is the record goalscorer for both the England national team and Manchester United.   