Barcelona may give Frenkie de Jong more time to consider a move to Manchester United, according to reports. The 25-year-old is, at the current moment in time, said to be reluctant to move to Old Trafford. And that’s despite the Red Devils agreeing a fee with their La Liga counterparts. Manchester United have spent all summer pursuing De Jong. But there are claims over in Catalonia that the midfielder doesn’t want to move to the club, with the 25-year-old also saying publicly he’d love to stay at the Nou Camp. Now, Mundo Deportivo say Barcelona may give the 25-year-old more time to consider a move to United. It’s claimed the club are torn over whether or not to take the Netherlands international on their upcoming pre-season tour of the United States. Barcelona will let Xavi make that decision, with the La Liga titans eager for this saga to be put to bed. De Jong, for his part, is continuing to train with the club as he looks to get ready for the new season - wherever he ends up playing. Man Utd transfers: The mouthwatering XI to tackle Brighton with 5 new signings But Barcelona are trying to get him to move to United as they look to balance their finances. They’re eager to use funds from any potential deal in order to register Franck Kessie and Andreas Christensen, who have signed on free transfers from AC Milan and Chelsea. And they also want to use the money on signing Robert Lewandowski from Bayern Munich, with the Poland international eager to make the move. Barcelona will jet off to America tomorrow. And things regarding De Jong’s future should become clearer in the next 24 hours, with United continuing to work on a deal. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong The Red Devils have been patient so far, determined to play the long game as they look for a deal that suits them. And if they do miss out, it’s possible they’ll try and land the likes of Ruben Neves and Youri Tielemans - of Wolves and Leicester respectively. Neves has long had admirers at Old Trafford and was on Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s radar before the 49-year-old’s sacking in November. Tielemans, meanwhile, had previously been expected to leave Leicester for Arsenal - but the Gunners appear to have other priorities at the current moment in time. Regarding De Jong, Lee Sharpe recently opened up on United’s pursuit of the midfielder. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. And he praised them for their approach, saying: "I think the manager will have a really good relationship with him. "It's a little bit of paperwork and Manchester United are going about it pretty professionally. "It's a shame that it's taking so long. But I think if the manager really wants him, and that's his No 1 target, they have to be patient and try to get it across the line as soon as they can." He then added: "What a player. A marquee player. "I think he's Erik ten Hag's No 1, on his list. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “If they can get him across the line, fingers crossed they can, I think he would be an amazing signing." If De Jong does move to United, he’ll become the club’s 10th signing from La Liga. Under Sir Alex Ferguson, they brought in the likes of Jordi Cruyff, Quinton Fortune, Ricardo, Gerard Pique and David De Gea. When Louis van Gaal was manager, Angel Di Maria, Ander Herrera and Victor Valdes were recruited. And Eric Bailly and Raphael Varane touched down from Villarreal and Real Madrid under Jose Mourinho and Solskjaer respectively. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here