James Fairclough, CEO of AA Cars, has compiled a list of some of the most efficient used cars on the market right now which may see drivers increase their fuel efficiency. While most will be looking for fuel-saving tips to improve their existing car, some may be looking to upgrade their motor for the most benefits. The latest VW model gets 55.4 miles per gallon and comes in at £4,995, or from £103 per month. It is primarily a city car and ideal for nipping around narrow streets, but is equally pleasant to drive on motorways. It is often a popular choice for new drivers owing to its maximum five stars on the Euro NCAP safety rating. READ MORE: Little-known button at petrol pump that gets the exact amount of fuel Toyota has very recently replaced the popular city car with its new Aygo X, with good news for potential buyers with many available on the secondhand market to suit all budgets. The petrol Aygo will set drivers back just £5,990, with drivers receiving a healthy 58.8 miles per gallon. The sleek hatchback is a very affordable car to run, and its compact size makes it ideal for congested streets and tight parking spaces. DON'T MISSEU speed limiters to be introduced today despite driver concerns [INSIGHT]Electric police cars are 'running out of puff' and causing 'problems' [SHOCKING]Supermarket 'fuel price wars' over with no incentive to cut costs [WARNING] The Volkswagen Golf has a slightly lower MPG than some others on the list, but it is a great family-sized hatchback and its larger size might suit some people better. While some drivers may be put off from buying a diesel car, given it’s close to £2 a litre, James Fairclough still recommends it as a good option. He said: “We recommend the diesel models for fuel efficiency, and they are also your best bet if you do a lot of long-distance motorway driving.” The original Toyota Prius was one of the first mass-produced hybrid vehicles on sale and remains one of the best available on the secondhand market. Its fuel economy is one of its greatest strengths, but it also offers a quiet, relaxing drive, with up to 67.2mpg. The Prius has proven itself to be a very reliable vehicle, and Euro NCAP awarded the Toyota Prius five stars out of five owing to its great safety features. The BMW 3 Series with its 318d engine promises low running costs combined with the performance features drivers expect from a brand like BMW. Its light steering makes it a smooth drive and feels well balanced around bends. As is to be expected from a BMW, motorists will find an attractive interior with a wide range of seat and steering wheel adjustments.