Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel doesn’t believe his side will be able to sign Robert Lewandowski from Bayern Munich this summer and has revealed that landing another striker is “not the first priority.” Lewandowski is pushing for a move away from the Allianz Arena this summer, with Barcelona currently the favourites to sign him. “I don’t think we have a chance for Lewandowski but if there is a chance… he is one of the best number nines,” Tuchel said as he addressed the speculation around the player’s future. “But like I said it’s first of all it does not make sense that I comment about players from other teams and I will not start doing it. “But of course there are top number nines out there but we are happy with what we have at the moment. We have Timo [Werner] as a nine, we have Kai [Havertz] as a nine, we have Michy [Batshuayi] as a number nine, we have [Armando] Broja as a nine, Raheem Sterling as a nine maybe - so let’s see how things work out. I think right now there is not the first priority to get another big striker in.” Chelsea have been linked with a whole host of star names this summer as they look to transform their squad after the arrival of new owner Todd Boehly, who completed his takeover of the club at the end of May. The Blues secured their first summer signing earlier this week when they landed Raheem Sterling from Manchester City. And the England forward has already linked up with his new team-mates for their tour of the USA. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd agree fee, Chelsea eyeing two deals, Ronaldo offer   Chelsea are also on the lookout for new centre-backs after Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen departed Stamford Bridge earlier this summer to join Real Madrid and Barcelona respectively. The west London giants look set to complete the capture of Napoli defender Kalidou Koulibaly in the coming days and are also hopeful of signing Paris Saint-Germain ace Presnel Kimpembe, with their pursuit of Nathan Ake from Pep Guardiola’s Citizens looking likely to fall through. Should Chelsea get their hands on all their transfer targets in the coming weeks, Tuchel will surely be confident of competing for honours in the Premier League and Champions League next season. But it appears that Lewandowski won’t be part of the Blues set-up despite his interest in him. DON'T MISSArsenal given transfer boost as Man City already planning for Oleksandr Zinchenko exitFrenkie de Jong's rejected shirt number as Barcelona star nears Man Utd transferBarcelona dressing room reaction after Frenkie de Jong ‘tells them he’ll reject Man Utd’   Lewandowski has become one of the most feared strikers in world football since joining Bayern from Borussia Dortmund in 2014. Barcelona have reportedly offered £38million for the 33-year-old, who is out of contract next summer. But Bayern are said to be holding out for £42m. And earlier this week, the striker’s wife was asked on social media whether she would be moving to Barcelona. “I would like to know that too,” came her response. 