Dominic Kirk joined Jules Hudson and Ranvir Singh on The Best of the Great Yorkshire Show on Sunday to show off his newly acquired skill of sheepdog trialling. The Emmerdale stalwart, who lives in Yorkshire, tried his hand at the traditional countryside exercise but admitted he was “frightened” by the prospect of showcasing his new talent. On his way to meet a talented sheepdog handler, the ITV soap star admitted he was “nervous”. Opening up on why he lives in the stunning area, Dominic praised the “beauty” of Yorkshire. He said: “You just can’t beat Yorkshire for the countryside beauty is everywhere.” “So sheepdog training I’m not going to lie I’m a bit nervous,” he admitted. Read more: Emmerdale's Jeff Hordley admits fears about future on ITV soap “What if the dog ignores me and I lose all the sheep? “I’m frightened I’m going to make a fool of myself in front of thousands of people at the Great Yorkshire Show. “I’m really looking forward to it but I’m really super nervous that I’m going to be rubbish or I’m going to be amazing.” Dominic added: “Feel very much like a fish out of water.” At the Great Yorkshire Show, Dominic showcased his new skill and impressed onlookers. However, he confessed he wouldn’t be continuing with the pursuit. After his performance, Jules teased Dominic about his role as Emmerdale village vet Paddy. “Over the years have you picked up any vet knowledge?” Jules asked. DON'T MISSEmmerdale theory: Sandra Flaherty not Liv's mother as past exposed [THEORY]Emmerdale theory: Faith Dingle to blame for Sarah Sugden's death [INSIGHT]Emmerdale theory: Charles Anderson becomes new village serial killer [SPOILER] “No,” Paddy replied as Jules quipped: “That wasn’t the answer I was hoping for I’ll be honest.” When the presenter asked if Paddy would continue with sheepdog trialling, the actor said: “ Absolutely not.” The pair were joined by Emmerdale star Dean Andrews who had been watching his co-star. Dean joined the ITV soap in 2019 as reformed criminal Will Taylor. Dean told Jules: “I thought he did amazingly well, it’s very nerve-racking doing something out of your comfort zone might be his new career.” “Would you give it a try?” Jules asked the Emmerdale star. “Absolutely not it looks way too difficult for me,” he candidly replied. The Best of the Great Yorkshire Show 2022 is available on My5.