The weather in the UK has hit record temperatures this summer and it's a wise decision to invest in a fan for your home. Currys even reported its largest ever record sales of fans this year with a 300 percent increase in sales. Lara Brittain, Appliances Expert at Currys: “As the UK heatwave continues, the nation is going to lengthy measures to keep cool from the rising temperatures, splashing out on all sorts of products in the last few weeks including fans. Currys has seen a 300% increase in the sale of fans in the last three days compared to the previous week. Last week we recorded selling over 17K fans, which is a record sale of fans this year. With this in mind, here's a guide to everything you need to know when looking for a fan and the best ones to buy now. There are many things to think about before you click ‘add to cart' on your new fan. First off, consider whether you’re someone who needs to sleep in a dead silent room and would be driven crazy by the noise of a fan, or are you someone who actually sleeps better with a bit of white noise from a fan? That will influence what kind of fan you buy, as you may need one that can go down to a barely audible level during the evenings, or you can have the freedom to opt for a model that’s a little louder but also a bit more powerful. Also, you should consider where you’re planning to put your fan. If you want something for your desk you’ll need one which can fit that isn’t distractingly loud, and if you want one that is tall enough to stand at the base of your bed a pedestal fan will probably be your best bet. Another fairly obvious consideration is your budget, as prices differ by a very wide margin. You can get small desk fans for about £20, or you can get a big, powerful model that can cool down a full room with ease for about £400 (or in some cases, even more). The most common types of fans are tower fans, pedestal fans, floor fans, and desk fans. Tower fans are slim, sleek-looking fans that are usually the quietest of the fan types and come with a wider array of features as they are the most modern. Pedestal fans are probably the most common of fan variations and are probably what comes to mind when you think of house fans. They are usually quite tall and can rotate to cool wide spaces, but are often fairly noisy and not suitable to those who are sensitive to sound. Floor fans are large, industrial-looking fans with big blades that can cool down large areas. Although they are powerful, they are the loudest devices by far and are best suited for daytime use in big areas. Desk fans are aptly named, as they are fans for your desk. The compact devices are designed to keep you cool with a direct breeze that helps you stay comfortable while you work at your desk. They can also perch on your bedside table if you just need a gentle breeze during the night.  Dyson is at the forefront of fan technology, so although this fan is an investment of £339 it is definitely one of the best models you can get - so if you can afford it, it’s worth it. The fan is different from traditional fans in that it’s bladeless. Instead, the device uses something called air multiplier technology that draws in surrounding air and accelerates it to release a powerful air stream that cools down the space. Despite the powerful air cooling capabilities, the fan is light enough to be comfortably moved around the house, perfect for those days that you’re working from home so it can go from your home office to your lounge room, to your bed. Although this fan is the most expensive option on this list, the fan is more cost-effective to run than traditional fans, as it produces lower energy bills and won’t break down after one season due to a tired motor. The fan has a 90-degree oscillation rotation, and you can flick through 10 settings to find the ones that best suit the current situation. If you’re someone who prefers to sleep with a fan on but doesn't want to just leave it running all night, you can choose intervals between 15 minutes and nine hours, after which the fan will automatically turn off. This fan also has the QuietMark seal of approval for how quiet it is, which is an independent global certification program that tests and assesses products to identify the quietest ones on the market. This sleek, inoffensive tower fan is a far cry from the obnoxiously large and clunky eyesores that may come to mind when you think of house fans. The simple design of this slim tower fan is both stylish and practical, looking chic in the home as well as being able to manoeuvre around to whichever room needs it the most. Also, when the cooler months return the slim design means it’s easy to tuck away without taking up too much space. The easy to use control panel on the top of the device allows you to quickly change between the three fan settings using the LED display, or if you’ve got it set up across the room you can use the remote control. This fan isn't just quiet, it's almost entirely noiseless. The fan starts at 20dB, which makes it ideal for kids rooms and offices as it won't distract you from zoom calls or keep the kids up at night. Although it's quiet, the air circulation is powerful enough to keep the whole room cool and has multi-directional oscillation that bounces off the walls and ceiling to cool larger spaces. The eco-friendly fan can also monitor the room's temperature and adjust the wind speed accordingly. This fan also has the QuietMark seal of approval for how quiet it is, which is an independent global certification program that tests and assesses products to identify the quietest ones on the market. Investing in a powerful fan can feel a bit annoying when you know you're only going to be using it for a couple of months of the year before you switch back to a heater. That won't be an issue with this Dyson device, as it can both heat up and cool down your space as it's been designed for year-round use. The size and design of the device mean you can keep it on your desk, on the floor, on your kitchen counter - pretty much anywhere that needs some temperature regulation. The Air Multiplier technology amplifies the surrounding air to give you a smooth burst of airflow, and the sleep timer lets you preset how long you want the fan to be on for so you don't have to use power all night long. This fan also has the QuietMark seal of approval for how quiet it is, which is an independent global certification program that tests and assesses products to identify the quietest ones on the market.  Floor fans aren’t the most stylish or modern of devices, but they can really get the job done. This one from Schallen has a 14-inch head that creates a powerful stream of air that will give the whole room a cooling blast. The rubber feet ensure a stable base, so it’s safe to have around kids and pets without constantly being on edge. Three handy speed settings and an adjustable speed head let you get everything set up to just the way you want it, maximising your comfort and not making you settle for less.   This personal purifier fan not only keeps you cool and comfortable, but it also improves your air quality with its sealed air filter. The device captures the air in your room, puts it through an activated carbon and glass HEPA filter, and then uses Dyson Core Flow technology to project cooling, filtered air. This fan also has the QuietMark seal of approval for how quiet it is, which is an independent global certification program that tests and assesses products to identify the quietest ones on the market.  This tall pedestal fan with a 55-watt powerful motor and large fan head provides a powerfully cooling airflow that will help to keep you cool in the warmer months. The ability to oscillate between different speeds and settings, as well as adjust the height and pivoting head, gives you the freedom to customise the fan to suit your needs, so you can switch things up all summer long.   Perfect for both your desk and your bedside table, this ultra-quiet fan operates at a mere 20 decibels, which is very quiet as fans go. The remote control and timer make it a breeze to use, and the left to right oscillation ensures it’s cooling as much space as possible.  We don’t all have the money on hand to invest in a fancy fan, but during a heatwave having something to cool the air down is crucial if you want to get any sleep or any work done. This one from Generic is less than £22, and is a simple, no-frills free standing pedestal fan that weighs in at 2.88kg, making it an easy model to move around the house as you need it.  This sturdy, heavy-duty fan promises many years of use, which is a pretty good guarantee considering the £64.99 price tag. The powerful 110-watt motor ensures consistent airflow, and the 360-degree circle head promises air circulation from floor to ceiling - perfect for homes, gyms, offices, and anywhere else that needs to be cooled down. Sometimes on a hot day having a small, portable, handheld fan with you is the difference between suffering in the sweltering heat and being comfortable enough to enjoy the sunny weather. This compact fan by EasyAcc has a handy rechargeable battery and comes with four fan speeds so you can mix things up depending on what the temperature calls for. Coming in at just under £50, this oscillating tower fan from Bionaire saves you space with its slim design and lets you cool your room in style. Coming with three-speed settings as well as breeze and sleep modes, you can customise this fan to suit your needs while the wide oscillation angle ensures it's covering a large amount of space despite its compact size.