Four years ago, Greg Brooks, a location manager, claimed Johnny Depp attacked him when he tried to enforce permit restrictions while they worked on City of Lies. According to court documents filed at the time, Brooks said the incident occurred on April 13 2017, when Depp's movie was being filmed outside the Barclay Hotel in downtown Los Angeles. Brooks claimed the production team had permission to film until 7pm outside the hotel and until 10pm inside the building. After getting the curfew extended once, he was then told filming had to wrap up but when he informed the film’s director, Brad Furman, who allegedly replied: “Why don’t you tell that to Johnny Depp?” According to the legal filing, he instead approached an on-site police officer, but was confronted by Depp. Who allegedly shouted: “Who the f*** are you? You have no right to tell me what to do! READ MORE:Romeo Beckham wipes all trace of Mia Regan from Instagram amid 'split' “I don’t give a f*** who you are and you can’t tell me what to do.” Depp was then accused to have punched Brooks twice in the rib cage. Brooks said he managed to keep “composure” and Depp allegedly replied: “I will give you $100,000 ( £84,218) to punch me in the face right now.” The actor's bodyguards then removed him from the set. Brooks claimed Depp’s breath “reeked of alcohol” and further claimed the actor had been taking drugs on set. The actor has denied these allegations. Later, when he refused to sign a declaration that he wouldn’t sue the production house Good Film Productions, Brooks claimed he was fired. He then sued Depp and the production company for assault and wrongful termination. Yesterday, it was reported that Depp’s attorneys had reached a settlement with Brooks, ahead of a civil trial that was scheduled to begin on 25 July in Los Angeles. DONT MISS:Carol Vorderman, 61, wows in figure-hugging leopard print leggings (PHOTOS)Emmerdale star Isabel Hodgins inundated with messages amid loss (NEWS)Romeo Beckham wipes all trace of Mia Regan from Instagram amid 'split' (LATEST) Notice of the settlement was sent to the judge and the lawsuit is expected to be dismissed once the settlement is completed. Directed by Brad Furman, and based on Randall Sullivan’s non-fiction book Labryinth, City of Lies follows the story of LAPD detective Russell Poole (Depp) who is investigating the murder of Notorious BIG, also known as Biggie Smalls, a year after the murder of his former friend-turned-rival and fellow rapper Tupac Shakur. Earlier this year, Depp won his multi-million dollar defamation lawsuit against ex-wife Amber Heard over a 2018 op-ed for The Washington Post, where she described herself as a victim of domestic abuse. However, since then, Heard has filed new paperwork to have Depp’s defamation trial-winning verdict tossed out and a new trial set. However, Depp's lawyers are keen to maintain the multi-million dollar decision, insisting that the Virginia court “reject Ms. Heard’s baseless contention” over his more than $10 million damages award. “Following a six-week jury trial, a jury of Ms. Heard’s peers rendered a verdict against her in virtually all respects,” says Depp’s Brown Rudnick attorneys.