Coronation Street actress Dame Maureen Lipman has signed on for more drama with the soap. Renewing her contract for another year, she will be back delighting audiences as Tyrone Dobbs' grandmother, Evelyn Plummer. Long-standing Coronation Street favourite, Maureen Lipman reveals her future with the soap as she extends her contract. Playing the role of Evelyn Plummer, Tyrone Dobbs' grandmother, she will definitely be back on the cobbles for at least one more year. Since 2018, the actress has featured in the Iconic drama but has also made appearances on Celebrity Gogglebox. She defended her decision to stay with the show and praised the cast and crew for keeping the show running after such a long time. READ MORE: Lorraine Kelly in savage sweating jibe at Prince Andrew She said: "I won't hear a word against it. "It's full of quite exceptional actors working with very little rehearsal, very little direction," she told Reader's Digest. "Am I envious of some of my peers? Sometimes, yes. Do I have the right to be? Of course not. Would I like to be in Sex Education? Yes, of course." Concluding with a nod to her forthcoming role, she commented: "Am I sorry I've signed up with Corrie for another year? No, I'm not." Fans of the serial soap will be pleased to see the return of Tyrone Dobbs' long-lost gran as the 76-year-old returns to set. Not so much a newbie, Maureen first stepped foot in Weatherfield during 2002 when she played interim Rovers Return landlady Lilian Spencer. Her character Evelyn has been the focus of many storylines since appearing on screens. Drama and romance have been on the cards for the character as she found herself in the middle of a love story with old pal Arthur. DON'T MISS...Corrie's Tony Maudsley in narrow escape as tree comes 'crashing down' [INSIGHT]Coronation Street's Millie Gibson reunites with onscreen mum Kel Allen [INSIGHT]Coronation Street theory: Sally Metcalfe exits as she loses her money [THEORY] Happy endings not always in sight, Evelyn also got caught in the middle of Tyrone and Fiz Stape (Jennie McAlpine) as they went their separate ways. Clashing recently with Phill Whittaker’s (Jamie Kenna) mother Mimi, she has also had her fair share of drama. The news came after the character was written out of the show in May so Maureen could pursue other interests. Her character's time on the cobbles was placed on pause so she could take on the lead role of Rose in Martin Sherman’s play. First premiering at the National Theatre 1999, the play was nominated for an Olivier and tells the story of feisty Jewish woman Rose, whose life began in a 1920s Russian village. Hitting screens in the 1960s, the popular soap follows the lives of the working class in Manchester. Maureen's news wasn't the only thing to celebrate for the soap's creators as young Jude Riordan who plays Sam Blakeman was nominated for an Inside Soap Award. Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.