According to the report, the 96-year-old monarch will be returning to Buckingham Palace from Balmoral for 10 minutes so that the appointment process is not delayed. The new Prime Minister of the UK will be decided on September 5, it has been recently announced.  Writing for MailOnline, Richard Eden said: “Conservative grandee Sir Graham Brady said the new party leader would be announced on Monday, September 5. “However, the Queen is due to be at her Scottish retreat, Balmoral, then. “It means the Tory leader would have to travel to the Aberdeenshire castle to meet the monarch for the first time and be asked formally to form a Government. “This meeting, or 'audience', is known as 'kissing hands'. After their appointment, the new Prime Minister heads straight to 10 Downing Street.  “But it's more likely that the Queen would be expected to return from Balmoral to Buckingham Palace or Windsor, so the process of entering Downing Street was not delayed.” A royal source told Mr Eden: “There seems to have been no thought given to the Queen's circumstances. “Do the politicians seriously expect a 96-year-old woman to make an 800-mile round-trip for a ten‑minute audience?” The PM is reported to have phoned the Queen as a courtesy as he prepared to tell the nation he is quitting, although Buckingham Palace declined to comment.  READ MORE: Meghan Markle ‘waited on hand and foot’ in upscale restaurants After he resigns, she will say who she has invited to become Prime Minister to replace him. That person will then go to meet the Queen to accept the invitation - the appointment of a Prime Minister is “one of the few remaining personal prerogatives of the sovereign”, say experts. A PM’s resignation audience has always traditionally taken place at Buckingham Palace, but the Queen’s age and ongoing mobility problems and suggestions that Mr Johnson will remain in the role until the autumn could potentially see the audience taking place at Balmoral Castle for what could be the first time in recent history. The Queen travels to her private home in the Scottish Highlands each summer for her annual break, usually staying until October. DON'T MISS:Putin to visit TehranNewsnight: Penny to play ‘hardball’ with EU over hated Brexit dealZelensky warns of ‘really difficult road’ ahead