Lando Norris has poked fun at George Russell after the Mercedes star secured his first pole position at the Hungarian Grand Prix. Norris said Russell had taken some of his “glory away” as the pair now shared one pole position apiece. He said: “A very good day for us. A little bit disappointed. George takes a little bit of my glory away. But I'm very happy for him, his first pole in Formula 1 so congrats to him.” Norris made another comment about Russell moments later, claiming he could have beaten the Mercedes star if his car was stronger. He added: “The car still doesn’t do what I want. I still feel like I have to drive a car which is difficult and inconsistent and difficult to repeat lap on lap. But it is obviously good enough for P4 today and have a strong result last weekend and so on. READ MORE: Max Verstappen interrupts George Russell interview after Mercedes pole “It’s performing well, it’s quick just not very easy to drive, I'm still having to adapt my driving style and drive in a way I just don't want to and don't feel confident in. But by the time I generally get to qualifying I  find my rhythm and I feel I can push on the car. “I feel like if we can get a car that gives me even more confidence and I can drive how I want George wouldn’t be on pole.” Mercedes had looked quick in Q1 but Russell had not set the pace at any stage in qualifying. He only picked up pole after a stunning run on his final lap as he pipped the Ferrari pair of Carlos Sainz and Charles Leclerc. DON'T MISSHamilton explains huge gap to pole-sitter Russell in sombre interview [INSIGHT]Max Verstappen launches furious radio rant at Red Bull team [ANALYSIS]Russell refuses to commit on Mercedes question after maiden pole [COMMENT] But, the 24-year-old benefited from mechanical issues for Max Verstappen who will only start tenth on Sunday. Russell is used to shocks on a Saturday after picking up a front-row start at last year’s Belgian Grand Prix when driving for Williams. Despite securing pole, Russell admitted he was only looking ahead to finishing the job in the race on Sunday. He​​ explained: “To be honest, I’m already thinking about tomorrow. I’m thinking about the run off the line, Turn 1, how I can try and keep the lead, and what I’m going to have to do to win the race. Getting a pole position is great, having a good Saturday is great, but as I learned quite a lot last year, and as I’ve also learned a lot this year, Saturday doesn’t mean a huge amount.”