Coronation Street icon Fiz (played by Jennie McAlpine) is finally getting her dream wedding after years of up and down relationships. As she prepares for her new life with Phil (Jamie Kenna), Tyrone (Alan Halsall) begins to feel like he has little time left before losing Fiz forever, so he takes the plunge in upcoming scenes. With a romantic confession from Tyrone, will Fiz flee Weatherfield to start her new life with Phil away from the sad memories? In upcoming scenes in tonight's episode, Tyrone has a conversation with Kevin Webster (Michael Le Vell) about his feelings for Fiz. Kevin decides that it is now or never for Tyrone and encourages him to tell Fiz the truth about how he feels, with there being a slight chance she may feel the same. After a day of disasters and many heartfelt conversations with Tyrone, he calls in at Fiz's house and offers to buy Ruby Dobbs (Macy Alabi) and Hope Stape (Isabella Flanagan) new bridesmaid dresses after they were ruined. He then takes the plunge and reveals to Fiz he is still in love with her and assumes she feels the same way too, asking her to think about how what he has confessed. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Faith Dingle unveils tragic family secret Could Tyrone's confession make things clearer for Fiz, prompting her to move the family out of Weatherfield to start anew? Tyrone's romantic confession could be too late, with him being left heartbroken, as he fails to win back Fiz. Fiz actress Jennie McAlpine recently spoke to Express.co.uk and other press about the shocking confession from Tyrone and revealed it was a "total shock". She explained: "Of course, it's perfect. If he hadn't done that (cheated on her with Alina Pop, Ruxandra Porojnicu), she was perfectly happy before any of that happened. "So, of course, it's not like it's a total shock to her when he says it because he's been making it pretty obvious that he'd like to get back to normal, hasn't he, for the past few weeks, months. "So yeah, it's not a total shock that he says, 'I love you, and I want to get back together.' I think you know, that's been quite obvious. "But it's the timing, it is pretty lousy. However, she still wants to marry Phil." Touching on how Fiz feels on the morning of the wedding, Jennie added: "When I say she wants to marry Phil, she is going to marry Phil. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Iconic couple split as Steve left penniless [INSIGHT]Coronation Street: Tim Metcalfe stunned as long-lost brother arrives  [WATCH]Corrie's Tony Maudsley issues update after lorry smashes into his car [LATEST] "I think in her head, 'la la la that didn't happen, he shouldn't have said it, just a moment of madness.' "We'll have to just carry on this wedding, this is happening, this is what we're doing. So we're going for it, I think that's her thought process in the morning." Alongside the drama of the dresses being ruined, Phill's ex-wife Camilla Whittaker (Louise Marwood) mysteriously shows up. In upcoming scenes, they are both stunned when a beautiful woman steps out of a car and introduces herself to Fiz as Camilla, Phill’s ex-wife. Phill is confused and stunned as to why she has turned up but comforts Fiz that he can't wait to marry her. Evelyn Plummer (Maureen Lipman) is forced to apologise to Mimi Halliday (Margot Leicester), and Fiz feels obliged to invite Camila to the hen night. But a game of Mr and Mrs at the event proves Camilla knows Phill far better than Fiz does, and Camilla insists that she and Phill are very much in love and he wants her back. Fiz confronts Phill about emails he has sent to Camilla, insisting he has done no such thing, has Phill been unfaithful to Fiz? Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8pm on ITV.