Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta admits the club will have to move players out of the club before making any further signings. Oleksandr Zinchenko is set to become the Gunners' fifth signing of the summer and now it is time for Arteta to tell some players they are not part of his plans this season. Zinchenko is yet to be announced as an Arsenal player but was pictured in the club's training kit sitting alongside technical director Edu at the pre-season friendly win over Orlando last night. His £32million arrival will take the summer spending to over £115m. Arsenal continue to be linked with signing both a midfielder and a winger. Arteta isn't sure if there are more signings to come but insists the time has arrived for squad players to be told they are not needed before there are any further incomings. He said: "I don't know [if there will be more signings]. It's what we have today. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd tug-of-war, Chelsea £55m bid, Barcelona plot Arsenal swoop  "We have a large squad so we have to make some decisions as well on the players that we're not going to be using consistently and be fair and straight with them and that's a process that is going to start very soon as well. We have to. We have a big squad and now we have to make things happen." Arsenal are yet to see any major outgoings in this window. Matteo Guendouzi and Konstantinos Mavaropanos have both left on permanent deals after their loan clubs activated options to buy them. Goalkeeper Bernd Leno is a target for Fulham, while Hector Bellerin and Lucas Torreira are among the outfielders likely to leave. Folarin Balogun could leave the Emirates on loan again, as could Nuno Tavares. Nicolas Pepe is also set to be allowed to leave if Arsenal can find a buyer for him. DON'T MISSMan Utd have another Paul Pogba and Erik ten Hag deserves creditBarcelona emphatically 'veto Tottenham transfer' as Chelsea deal preferredTottenham looking to raise £120.6m to help complete final Conte transfer wish  Zinchenko is set to sign a four-year contract and Arteta explained why he has signed the Ukraine star. He said: "There are still a few formalities to get everything completed but we're really happy to have him. "I know the player really well, he's an exceptional footballer and he is someone that is going to bring as well another competitive edge to that dressing room. He was a natural No 10 early in his career and we converted him into a left back which can do a lot of things that we want in our way of playing. "That versatility is something that is going to be important for the team because we have players in that position who are more specific full backs so I'm really happy." 