Flight attendant Amber, who has been flying for a US airline for years, started by saying that "airline meals are extremely unhealthy". She explained "typically, food is prepared more than 12 hours before and can be filled with many preservatives". Amber revealed this is the main reason why crew prefer to get their own food rather than eating aeroplane food. The crew member recommended bringing your own sandwiches or snacks when going on holiday this summer. She said: "I typically bring my own food: light sandwiches or pasta salad.” READ MORE: Suitcase packing tip: ‘Number one accessory’  But what about drinks? According to flight attendant Betty, who also used to work for a major American carrier, passengers should avoid ordering coffee and tea at all costs. She explained: "Don’t drink the coffee on aeroplanes. "It’s the same potable water that goes through the bathroom system."  She revealed that they once had "a test for E. coli in our water and it didn’t pass, and then maintenance came on and hit a couple of buttons and it passed". "So, I would avoid any hot water or tea. "Bottled and ice are fine, of course," she said. Passengers can always bring their own tea or coffee they have purchased after airport security on board the plane. READ MORE: Simon Calder says UK is worst hit by travel chaos The flight attendant also advised passengers "not to eat directly off the tray table". She explained: "People change their kids' diapers on them!" Since Covid, all planes are appropriately disinfected before boarding but she recommended "bringing alcohol wipes or use hand sanitiser on a tissue to disinfect yours”. Another flight attendant shared on question and answer platform Quora how to choose the best seat when going on holiday. Shreyas advised passengers “to understand the aircraft layout and select your seats accordingly during check-in". She said: "Bulkhead seats will usually have an infant and can be noisy. "Seats near toilets can be noisy or even smelly." The best seats "are closer to the galley where the flight attendant can give you maximum attention,” she revealed.