The US President's symptoms continue to improve and now include "less troublesome" sore throat, runny nose, loose cough and body aches, according to his physician, Dr Kevin O'Connor. Biden's lungs remain clear and his oxygen saturation "continues to be excellent on room air," the doctor said.  Dr O'Connor confirmed that Biden most likely had the BA5 variant which has been being reported in high numbers globally. Biden was initially "experiencing very mild symptoms" and is taking the antiviral medicine Paxlovid, his press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre said, while White House Covid coordinator Dr Ashish Jha said Mr Biden was tired, with a runny nose and dry cough. The 79-year-old, who is fully vaccinated and has received two booster jabs, will isolate at the White House and continue to carry out all his duties, including taking part in meetings via telephone and Zoom, a statement added. Consistent with White House protocol, the president will continue to work in isolation until he tests negative, Ms Jean-Pierre said.  READ MORE: Putin BREAKS grain export deal after just HOURS The President's positive Covid test comes just a week after his administration called on people to exercise renewed caution about the virus, stressing the importance of getting booster shots for those who are eligible and wearing masks indoors as two new highly transmissible variants are spreading rapidly across the United States. The new variants, labelled BA.4 and BA.5, are offshoots of the Omicron strain that has been responsible for nearly all of the virus spread in the US and are even more contagious than their predecessors.  DON'T MISS:Marbella mayhem for holidaymakers as crime wave hits tourist hotspot [INSIGHT]Ukraine LIVE: Zelensky's troops steal one of Putin's tanks [LIVE]Smart meters 'utterly pointless' despite 'onslaught' of roll-out [COMMENT] Dr Anthony Fauci, the nation's top infectious disease expert, said while the new variants are concerning, with boosters, indoor masking and treatments, the US has the tools to keep them from being disruptive. He said: "We should not let it disrupt our lives, but we cannot deny that it is a reality that we need to deal with." Dr Fauci emphasised that even those who recently had COVID-19 should get a booster, saying "Immunity wanes, so it is critical to stay up to date with COVID 19 vaccines." The BA.5 variant is estimated to be causing around 65 percent of infections in the US. First identified in January, it has been tracked by the WHO since April. 