With the temperatures soaring, many drivers will know the pain of getting into a sizzling car. This is especially if the vehicle was left in direct sunlight for a few hours. Car seats, especially those made of leather, can get incredibly hot. With that in mind, a TikTok mum has shared a little-known hack on how drivers can keep their car seats cool, especially if they have children. A TikTok user named Ruth Bradford took to the social media platform to explain how the hack works. She said: "If you’ve got a car seat that stays in the car and it’s a really hot day, these metal bits can get really hot and potentially burn your baby’s skin." The TikToker added that drivers should cover up the seats with muslin, cloth or whatever they have available. READ MORE: Wales set to become world’s first nation to adopt 20mph speed limit She continued: "Just cover up all the plastic bits, all the metal bits, and then hopefully it will keep your baby nice and cool when they have to get back in when the car’s a little bit hot and stuffy." Several people then took to the comments section to express their views on the revelation. One user wrote: "Never thought to do this. “Thank you so much." DON'T MISS Drivers warned of common heatwave car problems [WARNING] Drivers urged to clean their cars or face fines up to £5,000 [INSIGHT] Driver avoids paying £100 parking fine with a clever smartphone trick [REVEAL] Ruth replied: "Hope it helps!" Other people hailed the mum’s revelation as a “great tip”. A third person said: "Bedsheets and pillow cases work too. “The lighter colour, the better it will help." READ MORE: Locals slam council for building 20ft cycle lane - ‘Glorified lay-by’ Someone else added: "Most manuals tell you to cover the seat from direct sunlight, but us humans don't read them. "A large white shirt works to cover the whole seat." Another user suggested: "Another great thing to use is an old (preferably white) Moses basket or cot sheet - pops over like a cover when not in use." "Another tip lightly spray the seat with mist water," someone else commented. However, other people were not convinced by the trick. One person wrote: "If the temperature inside the car is 40 degrees it stands to reason that any plastics and metal would also be that temp regardless of a cloth cover." Ruth was quick to reply saying: "But the time in which it would happen in direct sunlight versus under shade is going to be different. Reply"And of course, you should always check first!"