The Open Championship is revered as the oldest golf tournament in the world and one of the biggest occasions on any sports calendar. As such, one can understand why tensions might be high building up to a major of such significance. Unless you're Tiger Woods, that is, after arguably the greatest player of all time was seen teasing Rory McIlroy at St Andrews this week. The pair have arrived early at 'The Home of Golf' before this year's Open gets underway on Thursday. Both players return to Fife in Scotland having each lifted the Claret Jug at one point or another in their careers to date. McIlroy, 33, won The Open in 2014 and has finished among the top five on three occasions in five appearances since then, while the most recent of Woods' three Open wins came back in 2006. The gargantuan profiles of both men mean they'll be under huge pressure to succeed this weekend, yet 46-year-old Woods still finds the time to joke with an old ally. The 15-time major champion couldn't help but roll a few balls into McIlroy's path as he warmed up on the putting green ahead of the Celebration of Champions Challenge at St Andrews. READ MORE: Tiger Woods turns hero by helping woman hit by tee shot from Dragon's Den star Peter Jones  McIlroy brushed it off after one ball straying across his putt path could have been forgiven as an accident. However, the Northern Irishman cracked a wide smile as the elder statesman knocked his ball at the second attempt, forcing McIlroy to hop out of the way. Woods impressed during the Celebration of Champions on Monday, where he recorded two birdies and said he was "feeling good" ahead of the 150th Open. He teamed up with McIlroy, legend Lee Trevino and Ladies European Tour star Georgia Hall for the four-hole event. It was insufficient to win the warm-up event, however, as Nick Faldo led a quartet comprising Zach Johnson, Louis Oosthuizen and 1995 Open champion John Daly to victory. Woods said after the result that the plan now is to 'pace himself' so that he can "get after it" when the major gets underway. DON'T MISSTiger Woods arrives at Adare Manor in style with private helicopter ahead of the OpenGolf rebel Ian Poulter embarrassed in Scottish Open after winning legal battle to playJustin Thomas prepares for the British Open by drinking Guinness mid-round in Ireland  McIlroy has been heavily tipped to top the billing on Scotland's southeast coast, having finished among the top 10 at each of the three majors held so far this year. The County Down native was back in the headlines this week after doubling down in his criticism of the LIV Golf Series rebels, suggesting they should no longer be allowed to play in PGA Tour or DP World Tour events. “I think at this stage, if you go over and play on a different tour, then go over and play on a different tour,” he told the BBC. “You're sort of basically leaving all your peers behind to go make more money, which is fine. But just go over there. Don't try and come back and play over here again."