Residents said they saw a fireball and heard explosions for two hours after the Antonov aircraft came down on farmland near the city of Kavala. The Soviet-era AN-12 plane had been heading from Serbia to Jordan, according to Greek Civil Aviation authorities. According to local reports, eight people had been aboard the plane when it crashed. Reports also held it was carrying 12 tonnes of "dangerous materials," mostly explosives. State broadcaster ERT reported army and explosives experts were on their way to the site. Officials said however they had no specific information on the cargo and provided varying numbers of people on board. Serbia's Defence Minister Nebojša Stefanovic said that the Antonov AN-12 was transporting almost 11 tonnes of Serbian-made weapons to Bangladesh. It was due to make stops in Jordan, Saudi Arabia and India before reaching its final destination of Dhaka. The plane was being operated by Meridian, a Ukrainian cargo airline. So far, there is no evidence of any connection with the war in Ukraine. READ MORE: Ukraine LIVE: Putin raiding ‘hell hole’ prisons for more troops Greece's Civil Aviation authority said the pilot had alerted authorities about a problem in one of the plane's engines. They also said the pilot was given the choice of landing at airports in either Thessaloniki or Kavala and he opted for Kavala, which was closer, saying he had to make an emergency landing. However communication with the plane ceased soon afterwards, and the aircraft crashed about 40km west of the airport. DON'T MISS Tory leadership LIVE: Shocking new favourite emerges Ukrainian teenager, 17, abandons battle for UK visa due to red tape ‘Disgraceful!’ Joe Biden blasted for his latest ‘anti-British’ comment According to local reports, eight people had been aboard the plane when it crashed. Reports also held it was carrying 12 tonnes of "dangerous materials," mostly explosives. State broadcaster ERT reported army and explosives experts were on their way to the site. Officials said however they had no specific information on the cargo and provided varying numbers of people on board. Filippos Anastassiadis, mayor of the municipality of Paggaio, said nearly an hour after the plane came down: "We were hearing explosions until a few minutes ago. "I am about 300m from the site of the crash." One of Mr Anastassiadis's deputies told ERT explosions were heard for two hours following the crash. Lieutenant General Marios Apostolidis, of the Northern Greece Fire Brigade, told reporters: "The (air) measurements at the moment have not shown anything but nonetheless instability in the field was observed. "In other words, intense smoke and heat, as well as a white substance that we do not recognise, so a special armed forces team has to inform us what it is and whether we can enter the field." On Sunday morning, drones were being used to survey the site of the wreckage out of caution.