The Conservative leadership debate between Rishi Sunak and Liz Truss aired on BBC One on Monday but GB News host Mercy Muroki felt the broadcaster "failed to serve the public" as "important" subjects, such as immigration, were not touched upon. She also told viewers she thought it was "ridiculous" Britons get convicted for not paying their licence fees. Muroki began: "It's ridiculous, I think, that people are slapped with criminal convictions for not paying their licence fees." She revealed Ministry of Justice data shows women are 10 times more likely to be convicted for not paying the annual fee of £159. "It's an annual fee which is virtually higher than everywhere else in Europe which has a TV licence system," Muroki added. "However, the BBC is the largest public serving broadcaster in the world." READ MORE: All Creatures Great and Small's Nicholas Ralph tribute to co-star She continued: "Why should someone on minimum wage be forced to pay the same to watch television as a billionaire? It doesn't make sense to me." Muroki then revealed what was "particularly" bothering her about the BBC, adding: "The BBC is a metropolitan, liberal, elite institution, it's simply a middle-class corporation. "That's not my opinion, that's according to the BBC's own figures." She claimed only 20 percent of the BBC's workforce come from lower socioeconomic backgrounds, a figure bosses want to increase to 25 percent over the next five years. The BBC has been contacted by Express.co.uk for comment.  The GB News host thought the BBC was "out of touch" as she watched the leadership debate between Truss and Sunak unfold on Monday night. She fumed: "Do you know how many conversations were dedicated to speaking about immigration? "It's an issue which one in three working-class people say is one of the most important issues facing the country. Zero, zero minutes were dedicated to that." She was annoyed part of the debate was focused on Truss' earrings allegedly costing £4.50 compared to Sunak's £490 Prada loafers. DON'T MISS...Eamonn Holmes fumes at French for Dover travel chaos 'Total joke' [LATEST]Eamonn Holmes humiliates Labour as Truss attack backfires [UPDATE]GB News viewer fume France ‘punishing UK’ for EU exit [INSIGHT]  Muroki added: "Does the BBC think anyone in the general population actually cares whether Liz Truss' earrings are Claire's Accessories or Christian Dior? "I don't care that Rishi Sunak was wearing Prada shoes, we care about what is coming out of his mouth, not what's on his feet. "The BBC [which] is a public service broadcaster that we pay for at the threat of being sent to jail did not cover itself in glory last night. "And the journalist hosting the debate certainly did not serve the public well at all."   A statement from TV Licensing read: "By buying a licence you support the creation of BBC programmes and services and new ways of bringing them to you. "Our purpose is to ensure as much of the fee as possible goes towards funding them." It added the fee allows the BBC's UK services to "remain independent and free from commercial advertising". Mercy Muroki's GB News show To The Point airs at 10am on weekdays. 