An investigation is also under way into the allegations – the latest sleaze scandal to rock Westminster. Prime Minister Boris Johnson acted after a complaint about Pincher was made to Parliament’s Independent Complaints and Grievance Scheme (ICGS) watchdog. But the delay in swift action has angered two of the Conservatives’ most senior women backbenchers. Pincher, 52, quit as Tory deputy chief whip after admitting being drunk at a private London club. Mr Johnson initially resisted calls to remove the whip from the Tamworth MP. But Pincher was suspended after the ICGS received a formal complaint. A spokeswoman for chief whip Chris Heaton-Harris said: “The PM has agreed that the whip should be suspended from Chris Pincher while the investigation is ongoing.” In an open letter, former ministers Caroline Nokes and Karen Bradley said the party must display a “zero-tolerance policy” on sexual misconduct. They said its recent approach to accusations posed a risk of “serious reputational damage”. They urged the party to introduce a code of conduct for all Tory MPs and “ensure a thorough investigation is carried out in each and every case”.  It is understood Mr Johnson spoke to a Tory MP who was with one of the men allegedly groped by Pincher. A Downing Street source said: “The account given was sufficiently disturbing to make the Prime Minister feel more troubled by all this.” Other critics pointed out that MP Neil Parish had quit for watching porn in the Commons – less serious than an alleged sexual assault. Mr Parish himself demanded tougher action. He said: “The first thing they did to me is that they withdrew the whip. There cannot be double standards.” Labour’s deputy leader, Angela Rayner, said Mr Johnson’s failure to act earlier “just shows the rot that has set in at the heart of this Government”.  Disgraced Chris Pincher has been one of the Prime Minister’s most loyal lieutenants during an extremely tumultuous period, writes Martyn Evans. An early Boris Johnson backer, he was rewarded with a number of ministerial posts. He was made Deputy Chief Whip in February with the “partygate” saga in full flow. It was his second stint in the Whips’ Office having previously resigned as Assistant Whip in 2017 after being accused of making an unwanted pass at a former Olympic swimmer and Conservative candidate. Pincher referred himself to police, but no action was taken and he was cleared by a Tory party probe. He rejoined the Government in January 2018, again in the Whips’ Office. But he was moved to the Foreign Office by Mr Johnson soon after he was made leader. Following a spell as housing minister, he returned to maintain party discipline as Deputy Chief Whip. Pincher, 52, had been considered a favourite for the top job as Chief Whip, but it went to Chris Heaton-Harris. The Brexiteer was elected as MP for Tamworth in 2010. By 2012 he was on the campaign trail for Boris Johnson in his bid to be re-elected as London mayor.