The pool at Fleming Park in Eastleigh, Hampshire, closed yesterday, July 12, after the water became "contaminated with human waste", claims councillor Alex Bourne. The incident took place after police were made aware of an unauthorised encampment at nearby Places Leisure on Passfield Avenue at around 7pm on Monday. Roughly 35 caravans and 40 vehicles had arrived on the field behind the car park at the leisure centre, reports Hampshire Live. It was confirmed on Tuesday evening that all vehicles and caravans had been moved. In a statement, Hampshire Police said: "Officers from across Hampshire Constabulary have this evening utilised their powers under Section 61 to move on a large unauthorised encampment from Places Leisure, Eastleigh. "Following reports of significant disruption to the local community and local amenities officers worked in partnership with Eastleigh Borough Council to invoke Operation Quebec. "Significant Police and partnership resources were invested in to the operation which resulted in all vehicles and caravans being moved from the site this evening without incident." Fleming Park paddling pool has since been cleaned, with the chemicals rebalanced ensuring its safe to use, Eastleigh Borough Council has confirmed. A statement on the council website reads: "We're pleased to announce that, following a contamination incident earlier this week, the popular paddling pool in Fleming Park, Eastleigh, has re-opened today (Wednesday 13 July). "The news will be welcomed by local families as we head into a weekend where extremely hot weather is forecast." It comes as a school was forced to close its doors last week after a group of travellers arrived on the premises. Students at Oakgrove School in Milton Keynes, Buckinghamshire, had to study remotely as a result of the travellers being on the school's land. Travellers also forced the closure of a cafe and play area in Cornwall. After being made to leave the area, the Travellers then angered residents by moving just a few miles away in the same town.