Of the three who did not clear the final hurdle, one had only served briefly as a Cabinet minister, another had not progressed to that level and the third had not even been a minister. The choice now put before the party faithful is between the two most senior candidates with considerable Cabinet experience at a high level. But bizarrely it could be the one who is able to forget the most about past Tory traditions and assumed values who ultimately becomes the victor. The Conservatives have evolved brilliantly into a party unrecognisable from the widely held view that it was the preserve of ageing white men in golf clubs and women in the WI in the Home Counties. And if you have the slightest doubt about that, just cast your mind back to the original list of MPs after the top job. A healthy mix of men and women with widespread backgrounds and origins that mirrored the nation’s population. The truth is, for the Tories to triumph against Labour in a couple of years, they must be the party that appeals as much to the North and the South West as it does to the shire counties.  Courtesy of the thumping, and possibly unrepeatable, majority handed to them by Boris Johnson’s demolition of the now famous red wall, the Tories need to rely as much on Redcar and Sedgefield as they do on Redhill or Sevenoaks. Of the two Tories who will now spend the summer touring the country, knocking lumps out of each other, this would appear to need to resonate more with Liz Truss than it would her competitor. It is absolutely no coincidence we have seen Ms Truss in a series of choreographed pictures that echo the height of Margaret Thatcher’s reign and popularity. Whether it is driving a tank or wearing a nifty fur hat, she is happy to follow the style tips. Even the outfit she wore for one of the first TV debates looked like it had been borrowed from the Iron Lady’s 1980s wardrobe. However, channelling Mrs T will not get Ms T the top job. Witness the fact that the children and grandchildren of the miners Mrs Thatcher so famously turfed out of work opted to vote Conservative last time round. How much of this was down to the extraordinary and unmatched appeal of Boris Johnson remains to be seen. But he had clear “blue” water between his policies and those of Mrs. Thatcher.  Before Rishi Sunak thinks this might pave the way for him to the door of Number 10, let us study his popularity among his own MPs. True, he won the vote last week, but a study of past percentage scores for previous winners is sure to ruffle Rishi. In 2005, David Cameron won 45 per cent of the vote, six years ago Theresa May gained over 60 per cent and just three years ago Boris Johnson chalked up more than 50 per cent of support. Last week Sunak won with less than 40 per cent. Does this signal the party’s MPs are out of touch with the party membership? The face-off will resolve that, but the niggling sense of “seller’s remorse” in Westminster (that MPs plotted the downfall of a proven winner still enjoying huge support from the party faithful) shows no sign of receding. Talk of tax cuts will not win it this time and neither will simply intoning the mantra “Get Brexit Done”. While this is a party hostile to uncontrolled immigration, it is nevertheless welcoming to those who arrive here legally. And the candidate who realises that will be far more in tune with those whose votes they crave.  A so-called “joke” about sexual behaviour told by a drag queen to a group of children has caused considerable distress – and quite rightly. The act, who will not be named to ensure they get no promotional benefit from this, was appearing at an open-air event at the South Bank in London. They made a joke about teaching our children to open their hearts and minds and “to open their legs”. The National Theatre has said the performer will not appear again. Elsewhere, something called the Drag Queen Story Hour UK is to hold nearly 70 classes for three to eleven-year-olds during a summer tour. Why this drive to put drag acts in front of young children? Have clowns or acrobats suddenly been deemed not “woke” enough? It is reported Prince Harry’s closest friends were “reprimanded” by his then new girlfriend Meghan for the jokes they were sharing when he introduced her to them at a shooting weekend at Sandringham in 2016. Apparently, the gags were decreed as being unfair to women and trans people by the future Duchess. Judging by the look of the Prince at a speech in New York last week, rarely have I seen anyone more in need of a good laugh.   From Dartford to County Durham, the damage wrought by fires caused by last week’s heatwave has been horrific. Residential streets have been left looking like war zones with houses reduced to burnt out wrecks. Rarely can the case for concerted action to combat global warming have been so devastatingly laid out. The need for change in our transport system is immediate. Customers were treated shamefully at stations such as Kings Cross in London where they were told services would start running, but hours later they were still going nowhere fast. As new track is laid or old replaced, it is crucial the type of rails used in Mediterranean countries, which don’t buckle, is used. Carriages and buses must be fitted with functioning and efficient air conditioning. And crucially, in the instance of the fires, local authorities must be forced to get back to mowing the grass on open spaces. Leaving acres of grass as dry as a tinder box which can ignite in seconds if a barbecue gets out of hand or some idiot throws a cigarette down is unacceptable. It is also criminally irresponsible.  I hear the International Quidditch Association (no, me neither!) has decided it must change its name as it is linked too closely to Harry Potter creator JK Rowling. Members are seeking to distance themselves from her because of her supposedly controversial views on women, which have been branded transphobic by some. Does it occur to these virtue-signalling dopes that they would not have the damned game in the first place without her genius. The new up and coming Rueda region in Spain continues to produce some tremendously crisp and outstanding wines. The Beronia Rueda Verdejo is a fine example. It is £8.99 at Waitrose. 