Nick Kyrgios admitted he felt like a "veteren" on tour as he opened up on his past struggles following his five-set win over Brandon Nakashima. The 27-year-old advanced to his second Wimbledon quarter-final eight years after the first and admitted he once had to be "pulled from the pub" before a match against Rafael Nadal here. Kyrgios was reflective after making a second Wimbledon quarter-final after reaching the first as a teenage wildcard back in 2014. The world No 40 opened up on his personal growth as he reflected on the darker times of his career, saying he felt like he'd "been through so much". "Well, look, there was a time where I was having to be forced out of a pub at 4am to play Nadal second round," the 27-year-old said, appearing to refer to his round two clash with the Spaniard here in 2019. "My agent had to come get me out of a pub at 4am before I played my match on Centre Court Wimbledon. I've come a long way, that's for sure." And the former world No 13 attributed his growth to the team he had around him, admitting he thought he had grown up since. "But I think just daily habits and the people around me. I've got an incredible support crew. My physio is one of my best friends. My best friend is my agent. I've got the best girlfriend in the world. I've just got so many people around me, they just support me," he continued. JUST IN: Nick Kyrgios cocksure he set the trend with Djokovic, Federer, Nadal   "I feel like I can reflect on all those dark times when I pushed them all away. Now to sit here quarterfinals of Wimbledon, feeling good, feeling composed, feeling mature, having that around me, I'm extremely blessed. I feel like I'm just comfortable in my own skin." And part of the 27-year-old's growth had been rediscovering his enjoyment of the game, as he admitted he was happy to be in battle with the young American on Centre Court earlier today. "Today I was almost just smiling and laughing to myself on the far side, just knowing I was locked in an absolute battle. Where in the past I wasn't able to kind of enjoy that," he explained. "Like I kind of was enjoying the fact that I was, like, two sets to one, obviously before I lost the fourth. He was playing really well. I wasn't playing that great. But I was almost enjoying the competitiveness. "That's probably the first time in my career where I wasn't playing well, regardless of playing Centre Court Wimbledon, fully packed crowd, I was able to just say, Wow, look how far I've come, to myself. I was bouncing the ball before I served. I really just smiled to myself. I was like, We're here, we're competing at Wimbledon, putting in a good performance mentally." DON'T MISSKyrgios warned of 'letter in locker' after donning red at WimbledonWimbledon rule change leaves Brit star snubbed in first quarter-finalKyrgios told edge he has over Nadal and Djokovic after Wimbledon win    While Kyrgios found himself embroiled in controversy for the antics in his previous round against Stefanos Tsitsipas - in which he asked for a "new referee" while the Greek smashed a ball into the stands - he said he had also learned to separate tennis and life after a match, and was spending less time on his phone than he used to. The Australian added: "I don't think in the past when I've gotten this far in a Grand Slam or when I've played big matches, I haven't been able to separate. I used to be on my phone a lot after matches like this. When you get a result like this, it's so easy to be attached to technology, seeing everyone's opinion on the match or highlights or anything like that. "But I feel like I'm really able to switch off from that. That's a big part of my growth I think. Obviously being obsessed with my girlfriend helps. I'm just able to just really just let that go and just enjoy my dinner and wake up the next day, just separate tennis and life. I think that's the most important thing." 