The Government will announce a package of measures to tackle unemployment among people over 50 who currently claim benefits, the Sunday Express can reveal. They will be offered more one-to-one support at Jobcentres to help them get into work and progress their careers, boosting their earnings ahead of retirement. Employers will be encouraged to make better use of older workers with the appointment of 37 “50PLUS Champions”, covering every district across England, Wales and Scotland, to work with local firms and help them realise how they could benefit from the talents of more experienced staff. Mid-life MOTs will also be available in Jobcentres, targeting those thinking about retirement and helping them to find jobs that could boost their incomes based on their skills and experience. For those who have been out of work for 9 months, the government’s Restart scheme will provide a year of intensive support to get them back on the career ladder. Minister for Employment, Mims Davies MP said: “Older Workers are a huge asset to this country, and there are currently more than 400,000 over 50s in roles than before the pandemic. “We’re increasing funding and support at every step of their journey up the career ladder, to ensure everyone gets the support they need to get into work, progress and use their experience to boost their earnings and plan for a better future. “Supporting people to find a job they can earn and progress in, is also one of the best ways to support their families during these challenging times.”  Employers across the country are struggling to recruit staff and the number of job vacancies in March to May 2022 rose to a new record of 1,300,000, an increase of 20,000 from the previous quarter, according to the Office for National Statistics. A particular focus of the Government’s campaign is to support people with caring responsibilities. Research shows 12 percent of men and 16 per cent of women aged 55-64 are providing informal care for a loved-one. Carole Easton, Chief Executive at the Centre for Ageing Better, said: “Seeing the Department for Work and Pensions continue to recognise the importance of a bespoke approach to older workers is really welcome. “We know that older workers face unique challenges, such as ageism in the workplace and a possible gap in skills compared to some of their younger counterparts, so we will gladly support any tailored action that begins to chip away at these significant roadblocks standing in the way of older people accessing fulfilling work.” It comes after the Government met a target to get half a million people into work in the first six months of the year. 