Manchester United face paying even more for Lisandro Martinez than originally intended, it has been claimed. The Argentina international is a top target for Erik ten Hag, while he’s also wanted by Arsenal. And it appears his current club are determined to dig their heels in and won’t give up on keeping the 24-year-old without a fight. Manchester United want to sign Martinez this summer, believing he’d offer different qualities to the likes of Harry Maguire, Raphael Varane and Victor Lindelof. The club are also pursuing the 24-year-old at a time where they’re open to offers for Phil Jones, Axel Tuanzebe and Eric Bailly. But, now, it appears United have been dealt a hammer blow. Previously, they’d believed they would be able to secure the services of the Argentina international by paying in the region of £43million. But Mike Verweij, via @TheEuropeanLad, has claimed that the Eredivisie outfit are now looking for a fee closer to £50m instead. He’s quoted as saying: “Lisandro Martinez is DEMANDING Ajax to negotiate with Manchester United but Ajax does not want to negotiate with an offer of €45M + €5M in bonuses. Man Utd transfers: The mouthwatering XI to tackle Brighton with 5 new signings “In fact, they are now asking for an offer of €60M.” United are currently operating on a tighter budget than in previous years having failed to qualify for the Champions League last term. They’re hoping to use most of their budget on Frenkie de Jong, despite claims the Barcelona star is reluctant to join. United also want a new right-back, though it’s possible they’ll choose t give Aaron Wan-Bissaka one last chance to prove his worth. In an ideal world, they’d strengthen their frontline as well. Yet while they admire Antony, Ajax are demanding a fee close to £70m in order to let the Brazil international go this summer. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Man Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leave Man Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong Tyrell Malacia remains United’s only summer signing, having moved from Feyenoord earlier this month. And whether the club are able to get a deal for Martinez over the line, in the wake of this latest development, is something only time will tell. Speaking recently, Martinez said he was ‘proud’ of everything he’d achieved during his three years at Ajax. “I am so proud of what I have achieved at Ajax and under Ten Hag,” he said. “I grew as a player and became an Argentinian international thanks to my development at Ajax. “And I even got to wear the captaincy armband for my country. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. “That was the day my father cried, it was very emotional. My mum cried too, my uncles, aunties, cousins, everyone. “The World Cup is definitely my goal. We have great players and we must all be ready for it. We won the Copa America together and can do it again.” And Martinez also revealed he based his game on Italy legend Fabio Cannavaro, who won the World Cup in 2006 and enjoyed successful stints at the likes of Real Madrid and Juventus. “Cannavaro was comfortable on the ball. And, despite his lack of height, he challenged for every ball as if it was the last tackle to win the game,” he said. “I loved that style. And I am just like him. “I would prefer not to be like Virgil van Dijk. His height is certainly a big plus, but when you don’t have the other qualities, it is worth nothing. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “My favourite position is definitely central defence. I started out as a midfielder, but I learned all the qualities for a central defender who plays in an attacking team under Ten Hag. “I can look after myself. When I left home as a boy it was really hard because I had always been very close to my parents. “I had to leave them behind. I had to get to know new people. It was a shock. “At that age you are not ready to leave home.You are not a man yet. But I did it. “I learned to be responsible for my own life and take care of everything for myself.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here