Novak Djokovic is still waiting to hear if he will be able to compete in the US Open next month, but he has thanked his fans for their immense level of support. The Serbian is not allowed to participate in the competition as he is not vaccinated and therefore cannot enter America, as it stands. Djokovic is potentially heading into the tournament on the back of an impressive win at Wimbledon. The 35-year-old beat fiery Australian Nick Kyrgios in four, coming from behind having surrendered the first set. Plenty of politicians and fans have sought to pressure Joe Biden into relaxing restrictions on America so that Djokovic can participate in the tournament, and that support has not gone unnoticed. Writing on his Instagram, the 21-time Grand Slam winner said: “I just wanted to take a moment and say to all of you how grateful I am to see so many messages of support and love from all around the world these days. “I wasn't expecting it, and that's why it feels so mind-blowing. Just wanted to say THANK YOU. It feels special that people connect with my tennis career in such a loving and supportive way and wish for me to continue to compete." DON'T MISS: Emma Raducanu forced to change phone number multiple times as Brit prepares for US Open The message was posted alongside a video of Djokovic practising, with a Serbian translation available for fans from his homeland. He continued: “It feels special that people connect with my tennis career in such a loving and supportive way and wish for me to continue to compete. “I am preparing as if I will be allowed to complete while I await to hear if there is any room for me to travel to the US. Fingers crossed.” The post was viewed over a million times, with support and messages praising the player overflowing in the comments section. Biden has been put under immense pressure to relax restrictions on the US, with significant figures stepping forward and putting forward reasons why Djokovic should be allowed to play. Robert Kennedy Jr, the son of former President John F Kennedy, is the latest significant figure to emerge and call for US travel rules to be eased. He tweeted: “TAKE ACTION: Tell Biden Administration to Let Djokovic Play in US Open.” Alongside the succinct message was a link to the Children’s Health Defence website, with an extensive statement as to why the body believes that now is the time for travel restrictions to be relaxed. It remains to be seen whether Biden takes action as a result of all of the statements, or if he stands his ground and forces Djokovic to turn his attention to other competitions.