The first refugee centre was opened in 1999 near Calais by the Red Cross, which grew into the unlamented “Jungle”, and the region has now morphed into a launch-pad for boat migrants. Enough. This situation should be top priority for whoever is the new Prime Minister. The Home Affairs Select Committee has now rightfully demanded that President Emmanuel Macron help stop enabling this illegal cross-Channel traffic, which has long enjoyed active French backing. This year so far 14,150 migrants have made the crossing and last year, 28,526. And at least 166 have died in transit since 2014. But successive French governments have found it in their interest for migrants to leave for the UK and their policy has been to escort boats into British waters, claiming maritime law. This needs to be ended. It is a legal and moral obligation to intercept the boats and return them to French territory, as it would deter others and the people traffickers. The Select Committee says the UK and French governments should implement a pilot scheme to join up their asylum facilities. UK facilities would be based in France, and if successful, the asylum seeker would then be allowed to travel legally. If unsuccessful, then France must accept responsibility. There’s already such a model in place: the passport and customs checks used by the UK and France at ports and train terminals. It’s likely with these measures in place, the “pull factors” for small-boat migration would fall away. The new PM needs to act fast to reinstall public confidence in the asylum system and in the protection of our borders. ---------------------------- The Tory leadership debate has intensified. Indeed, it has got to the point where contender Penny Mordaunt, faced with what she calls “smears” about her thoughts on trans rights,has called for an end to “toxic politics”. We agree. There are always differences in opinion – some may remember the warring “wets” and “dries” of Mrs Thatcher’s government – but squabbling about culture war matters hardly gains public trust. With Brexit resolved, there’s a clear course ahead and instead of bickering, the Tories should regain their “one nation” instinct for a public that needs unity, purpose and above all, an end to economic uncertainty. ------------------------------ Schedule to stay sunny In hot countries, days have a different schedule. In Spain, lunch is marked by a siesta. In the Middle East workers start early and finish about 2pm. Take their cue. Grab your copy of the Daily Express early, enjoy the heat in moderation – and keep a sunny disposition.