Britons are now faced with the reality of travel post-Brexit, as more checks need to be carried out. The new checks in place to travel to the European Union are also contributing to the ongoing travel chaos Britain is experiencing this summer, travel experts say. The Port of Dover is the latest hotspot of delays during the busy summer season that has seen an unprecedented number of travellers going abroad after three years of the pandemic.  Travel journalist Simon Calder reported on Sky News: "Now since Brexit, everybody has to have their passport not just looked at but properly stamped. "That’s something that we insisted on when we left the EU. "Those checks are far longer than the previous checks where people typically just waved their passport at the gates and went through." Besides staff shortages and the airport’s lack of preparedness ahead of this post-Covid summer, Brexit is another factor contributing to travel chaos and massive queues observed in multiple airports across the country.  Reacting to the fact Sir Keir Starmer has failed to address the Brexit issue for travel chaos in Parliament, the UK’s cross-party advocacy group Best for Britain put the blame on Brexit in a tweet: "But no mention of how it's the Govt's hard Brexit deal that's to blame for staff shortages, esp. for airlines If the opposition are serious about holding the Govt to account on travel they can't ignore the obvious." Airline bosses like Ryanair CEO also blamed airport chaos on Brexit as European workers have left Britain after Brexit and the Covid-19 pandemic. Ryanair boss Michael O’Leary told Sky News that "an awful lot of these pinch points would be resolved very quickly if we could bring in European workers to do the jobs that frankly people in the UK are not applying for and don’t want to do". Mr O’Leary said that if UK national fail to fill in those vacant positions left by EU citizens such as baggage handling and security in airport, then "we're going to have to bring in workers whether it’s from Ireland or continental Europe to do them". READ MORE: Rug pulled from under Xi as UK launches new £145m investment to turboc Furious at the new measures in place, Brian Jackson @oilybrian said in a tweet: "We had property in France and travelled there 6 times a year. It was lovely. Since Brexit. Chaos with the travel and paperwork. Sold up and now stay in UK." In another rant, Jonathan Redfern @GeolJR lashed out in a tweet: "Why don’t we try to get freedom of travel across Europe? Make everyone’s life easier. No checks no need to stamp passports. Oh!!! we had that, then YOU voted for Brexit to cause this chaos. Chaos we all predicted but you said was 'scaremongering'. Well who was right?!" After airports, now ports are also experiencing delays as Dover port declares "critical incident", with travellers facing six-hour queues. Dover port’s chief executive Doug Bannister blamed the "insufficient resourced" French authorities for "badly letting down" the port and working slower than normal. DON'T MISS:Brexiteer brands Boris plotters 'scariest people in politics' [REPORT]Brexit LIVE: Movement lost! Sunak and Truss issued new ultimatum [LIVE]EU fear Liz Truss over hated Brexit deal and want ‘globalist Sunak’ [REPORT] Reacting to the delays in Dover, Dr Paul Budd @PaulCanOnlyGet1 tweeted: "So previously unnecessary passport and security checks introduced as a direct result of #Brexit are causing travel chaos at Dover. How totally unexpected. Who could ever have guessed? Holiday gone tits up? Voted Leave? I don't have a violin small enough." Gerald Hornsby also took to Twitter, ranting: "Travel chaos at Dover today. Not caused by strikes, Covid, P&O, shortage of lorry drivers, computer systems crashing... Caused by the UK INSISTING passports got stamped. We're the laughing stock of Europe. We wanted Brexit, this is what we've now got." READ NEXT:Look at Germany and tell me Brexiteers weren't right FREDERICK FORSYTHSpain expat fury over post-Brexit driving rulesWorld's most powerful passports named - where does UK rank?Liz Truss's voting record: What the Tory leadership hopeful stands forBrexit: House of Lords erupts in laughter as bill heckled 