Temperatures are due to get so hot next week, that the Met Office has issued a level 4 extreme heat warning. The alert, which has been issued for the first time in Britain, means the weather is reaching dangerously high levels and could cause problems to the healthy population. Energy bills have rocketed in recent months, with Brits seeing their bills increase by hundreds of pounds. This increase will make it more expensive to run an air conditioning unit, which relies on electricity to run. Running an air conditioning unit of up to the size of 10kw costs about 38p per hour, according to Evergreen Air Conditioning. READ MORE: How to sleep: The top tips for sleeping in the heat Smaller-sized units can cost much less, costing around 23p per hour for a 7kw unit, and 16p per hour for a size of 5kw. Another cost to consider is the installation fee, which can be a considerable chunk initially. The cost of running an air conditioning unit could be offset by those who use greener forms of energy, such as energy generated through solar panels. Households with these kinds of energy will use less power from the electricity grid, making their bills cheaper overall. Energy prices are rising as a result of the global market and world events, such as the war in Ukraine. Russia provides gas and oil to many parts of the world, but sanctions from the West have made this more expensive to buy as other suppliers try to catch up with the increased demand. Earlier this year, Ofgem announced that the energy price cap would hit about £2,800 in October. DON'T MISS: Man kicks seagull for knocking ice cream out of child's hand [ANALYSIS]One person dead in paddleboard tragedy as emergency services swarm sea [INSIGHT]'Let's claim back our streets' Gang of teenagers terrorise estate [REACTION] In response, the Government has been making cost of living payments to households, which started this month. Some of the most vulnerable groups in the UK, such as pensioners, disabled people, and low-income households, are receiving additional support. The extreme weather hitting the UK right now is expected to have a big impact on the NHS, as people struggle to deal with high temperatures and are at risk of becoming ill. People are being advised to avoid staying in the sun for too long during the hottest hours of the day, and to drink plenty of water to stay hydrated.