Kevin Magnussen has admitted he was “praying to God” that his car would not “blow up” after picking up an issue at the Austrian Grand Prix. The Dane revealed he suffered an engine issue in the opening stages of the Grand Prix which left him nervous. He said it was not the first time the issue had developed this season, suggesting Haas have a hidden defect to get on top of. Magnussen explained: “I had an engine issue, a slight issue that didn’t make me feel too good because I was very nervous that it would blow up. “It’s not the first time this year but there was good pace in the car and even with that slight misfire every time I went on the throttle, it was still fast and I was able to still score points." When pushed on what the issues were and how they affected him, Magnussen admitted he was “praying” the car would make it to the end of the race in one piece. He added: “I don’t know. About 15 laps in I started getting it and it was just then every time I went on the throttle in very low revs. READ MORE: Mick Schumacher offered advice on 'downside' after Hamilton battle "So I had to use one gear lower in each corner which wasn’t ideal but I was able to finish the race. I was praying to God that it wouldn’t blow up and it didn’t so I’m very happy.” Haas runs the Ferrari powertrain which will only add to the Scuderia concerns after a range of blowouts this season. Ferrari’s Carlos Sainz suffered his own failure during Sunday's race as he chased down Max Verstappen for second. The car caught on fire and at one stage appeared to be submerged in flames while Sainz was still inside the car. Auto Motor Und Sport have recently claimed that investigations into Haas’ mechanical issues have identified an MGU-K issue for Ferrari’s engines. DON'T MISSToto Wolff's old hint at Mick Schumacher replacing Lewis Hamilton  [INSIGHT]Schumacher backs up claims on why Vettel stormed out of F1 meeting [ANALYSIS]Mick Schumacher's attitude questioned by Haas boss [COMMENT] The part was blamed for Magnussen’s failures at the Emilia Romagna Grand Prix and the Monaco Grand Prix. Mick Schumacher has also suffered similar failures in Monaco and later on in Canada. Haas team principal Guenther Steiner said he has been “surprised” over Ferrari’s failures this season. He added: “I was a bit surprised, also because in the first five races everything was going quite well. “The tests were good too, then suddenly the problems started. So yes, I was taken a little by surprise. If Mattia had any explanation, they would have solved the problems already. “They are looking into the matter because, as disappointing as it is for us, it is perhaps even more so for them, given the fact that they are fighting for the championship.”