Prince Louis, four, is referred to with a sweet nickname by his older siblings, Prince George and Princess Charlotte. It is not unusual for older siblings to have pet names for their younger siblings. Most families will have nicknames or pet names that they use for certain members, whether those are for a grandparent, mum or dad, or even for a younger sibling.  The Royal Family are no different to any other in this regard. With so many different family members there are many nicknames to remember. Prince Louis has an adorable name that his older siblings George, nine, and Charlotte, seven, call him. According to Life & Style magazine, the older two children have been calling him ‘Lou Lou’ since he was little.  READ MORE: Meghan Markle ‘highlights’ herself at public events - body language However, Louis' siblings have also earned themselves nicknames. Friends of George at school have reportedly called the Prince both 'PG' and 'Tips', based on the popular tea brand PG Tips and his Prince George initials. The name has been such a hit that William and Kate have both adopted the nickname for him at home too. Charlotte meanwhile has reportedly come to be known as Lottie by her classmates at St Thomas' School Battersea.  This is also what mum Kate calls her at home. Since Prince Harry and Meghan Markle named their daughter Lilibet after the Queen, it's become common knowledge that this is the monarch's family nickname. Princes William and Harry both had nicknames when they were younger too. The Duke of Cambridge said in a 2007 interview with NBC that his mum Princess Diana used to call him 'Wombat'.  READ MORE: Meghan & Andrew are both invited to Balmoral this summer - see inside He said: "It began when I was two. “I've been rightfully told because I can't remember back that far. "But when we went to Australia with our parents, and the wombat, you know, that's the local animal. “So I just basically got called that. “Not because I look like a wombat, or maybe I do."  Prince Harry's nickname from his mum comes from an outburst he once had as a child. Broadcaster Jeremy Paxman explained why in a conversation he had with Diana. He said: "We talked about our children and she said William often told her that he didn’t really want to be King, and then Harry would say, ‘If you don’t want the job I’ll have it'." Royal expert Robert Jobson since explained in Channel 5 documentary, 'William & Harry: Princes at War?' that Diana referred to Harry as GKH or Good King Harry after this sweet outburst. 