Australian-born Alex De Minaur charmed the Wimbledon crowds as he paid a loving tribute to his girlfriend. De Minaur was speaking to the BBC after ending Jack Draper's chances of advancing through the tournament when he praised Katie Boulter for her performance against last year's Wimbledon finalist Karolina Pliskova. The tennis star said: "Before we talk about my match, can we just talk about Katie Boulter today?  "I mean, she had a pretty good win herself." He continued: "'m extremely stoked to get this win. It was a battle out there. "Jack's a hell of a competitor, hell of a talent, and he's got a very bright future ahead of him." De Minaur,23, and Boulter, 25, have been dating for more than a year and will both return to the courts on Saturday to seek a placement in the next stage of the iconic tennis tournament. READ MORE: Katie Boulter in tears with Wimbledon win 2 days after grandmother dies 'dedicate to her' Boulter dedicated her victory over Pliskova to her grandmother, who died on Tuesday as she beat France's Clara Burel. She saw off the Czech star in three sets, securing a spot in the third round of a Grand Slam for the first time. After her win on Tuesday, Boulter revealed she had received a call from her grandfather the evening before the match but he had not informed her about her grandmother's death. She said: "He didn't mention anything, but he kind of gave me the inkling that it might be coming.  "I didn't know anything until after my first match where my mum basically pulled me aside and told me after the first match. "It's been a tough few days for sure. I've tried to kind of get my emotions out and deal with the situation, try and keep my head on the tennis. "I was lucky because my grandpa managed to come down from Leicester, so we could keep him company and keep supporting him at the same time." DON'T MISS:Iga Swiatek edges closer Roger Federer and Novak Djokovic landmark with Wimbledon winSue Barker's whirlwind romance with Sir Cliff Richard as she took him to 'another world'Rafael Nadal habits: Why does tennis star change his shirt so much? His rituals explained