Game of Thrones actress Sophie Turner, 26, and Joe Jonas, 32, have welcomed their second child together. The proud parents have added a baby girl to their growing brood. A spokesperson for the couple told People: "Joe and Sophie are happy to announce the arrival of their baby girl." They already have a one-year-old daughter called Willa. In a recent interview, Sophie said motherhood was the greatest thing she had ever experienced. "It's what life is about for me – raising the next generation,” she told Elle. "The greatest thing in life is seeing my daughter go from strength to strength. “We're so excited to be expanding the family. It's the best blessing ever.” She continued: “Willa doesn't quite understand she's getting a younger sibling. I’ll point to my stomach and say, ‘What’s in there?’ And she’ll go, ‘Baby.’" Meanwhile, Joe said he was “a little less nervous” this time around. "You really don't know what to expect. I think [I'm] maybe a little less nervous [this time], but I'm just excited," he said. "It's such an amazing part of life." Sansa Stark actress Sophie married Joe in a low-key Las Vegas wedding in 2019, two years on from announcing their engagement. Sophie once opened up about how their romance began, telling Harper’s Bazaar UK: “We had a lot of mutual friends and they’d been trying to introduce us for a long time. DON'T MISS...Amanda Owen issues 'vital' plea over Ravenseat amid Clive Owen split [LATEST] Jennifer Garner goes shoeless during stroll with son after accident [PICTURES] Alex Scott admits she puts 'on an act' as she addresses her struggles [INSIGHT] “We were following each other on Instagram and he direct-messaged me one fine day, out of the blue,” she added. Sophie credited Joe with helping to stop her from feeling “lost” after Game of Thrones ended. She explained that wrapping up the series could have affected her negatively if it was not for her partner. Sophie said: “I’m quite glad I had that next thing to move on to. “If I hadn’t found Joe, I think I would have felt quite lost after Game of Thrones.” The X-Men actress continued: “And I did feel quite lost after it finished. “But it forced me into this new chapter, which was really exciting and something for me to focus on. “It was the perfect thing to move on to.”