Amazon has kickstarted its latest Prime Day sales. The 48-hour bargain bonanza sees discounts across every department in the online store, making it the perfect time to treat yourself. However, it can also make it tough to find the best deals, so we've done the hard work for you – trawling through all of the discounts to round up the best Prime Day deals. But before we get to those, you'll need to ensure that you're signed up to Amazon Prime. As the name suggests, Prime Day is only available to current Prime members. The scheme costs £7.99 per month or £79 per year. Fortunately, you can sign-up for an Amazon Prime free trial to unlock access to the thousands of discounts on the online store. Even if you've taken advantage of a free trial before, Amazon renews your ability to test out Prime membership every 12 months or so, with any luck you'll be eligible again. Prime membership is only about the deals. As a Prime member, you'll also be able to enjoy exclusive boxsets like Clarkson's Farm, The Boys and Backstage with Katherine Ryan on Prime Video, unlimited cloud back-up for all of the photographs on your iPhone or Android phone, access to thousands of tracks via Prime Music, free triple-A PC games to download and keep with Prime Gaming, free delivery with Deliveroo, and much more. We've got the full list of benefits of a Prime free trial here. All signed up with Amazon Prime? Perfect, now we can get into the ultimate Prime Day 2022 deals... We'll be updating this article throughout the Prime Day extravaganza, so make sure you check back as new deals and discounts are added. If you're short on time, these are the best deals available in the Prime Day sales right now... That's just the start of the deals available in Prime Day 2022. Scroll down for loads more Prime Day deals as well as extra detail on all of the above discounts if you're struggling to choose between a pair of Apple AirPods and AirPods Pro! Confusingly, despite the name, Prime Day is running for two days this time around. Almost all Prime Day deals will expire at 11.59pm on July 13, so you'll need to make sure that you've completed the checkout process before that deadline to secure the discounted price. A bundle with the all-new Nintendo Switch OLED Model and Just Dance 2022 has been discounted by a generous £64.99 in the Prime Day sales. At just £294.99, this Nintendo Switch combo includes everything you need to start playing on the move as well as on any television. The Switch OLED (the latest model released by Nintendo) sports a redesigned and sturdier kickstand, a built-in ethernet port in the dock, double the amount of built-in storage available with the standard Nintendo Switch, and a larger OLED touchscreen display. This provides a brighter picture and deeper blacks. If you don't want to buy this Prime deal outright, Amazon offers a reasonable payment plan, which starts from just £26 per month for the next year. Apple Watch SE has dropped to its lowest ever price – plummeting from £269 down to just £199. That easily beats the previous record low of £217. If you don't want to spend £199 outright, Amazon does offer a payment plan on Apple Watch SE which costs £17.58 per month. The Apple Watch SE brings notifications from your iPhone to your wrist – allowing you to check WhatsApp text messages, answer incoming calls, and follow turn-by-turn directions from Google Maps without taking your smartphone out of your pocket or bag, to name a few. Apple Watch SE also supports contactless payments so you can tap-to-pay at checkout and fall detection, which will alert friends and family if you take a tumble. Watch SE will also be updated to the latest version of watchOS later this year, bringing a number of new watch faces and workout tracking features – so this Apple Watch is only set to get better in the coming months! If you missed out on the best AirPods Pro deals during the Black Friday sales last year – you're in luck. Amazon has resurrected the ludicrously low price for Prime Day 2022. While AirPods Pro – the flagship earbuds from Apple with active noise-cancellation to wipe out any distracting background sound – will still set you back £239 from the Apple Store if you buy today, Amazon Prime customers can secure the 'buds for just £179. That's a whopping 25% off the usual price! AirPods Pro also support Spatial Audio, which creates a surround sound-like experience when listening to your favourite tracks and some of the biggest shows on Apple TV+ and Netflix, including the latest season of Stranger Things. Each earbud has a 4.5-hour battery life, but the carry case means you'll be able to listen for 24-hours before hunting for a plug. Amazon also offers payment plans for those who don't want to splash-out £179 today, with prices starting from just £60.75 in three payments. Comfortably the best Fire TV Stick deal around sees the Fire TV Stick Lite plunge to just £12.99. Usually priced at £29.99, this Prime Day deal slashes the UK price tag by a whopping 57%. That makes this Fire TV Stick Lite deal the lowest ever price seen in the UK, comfortably beating the record set on Black Friday last year. For those who don't know, this entry-level Fire TV Stick maxes out at 1080p High Definition streaming quality and does not offer universal volume controls (so you'll need to keep your telly remote on hand to adjust the sound) but if you can live with those compromises – this is a ludicrously low price for a brilliant gadget that brings the best streaming services to any television in your home. Fire TV supports Disney+, Netflix, BBC iPlayer, ITV Hub, BritBox, Paramount+, and Prime Video, to name a few. Fire TV Stick Lite also arrives with Alexa, so you can use the remote control to dim any smart lightbulbs in your home, adjust an internet-connect thermostat, check live footage from a Ring video doorbell, get the latest forecast and much, much more. If you read on a Kindle or using the Kindle app on iPhone, iPad, Android tablets or smartphones – this is the Prime Day deal for you. Amazon has waived the fee for its Kindle Unlimited subscription service for the first three months. Better yet, you can cancel at any point during the first three months and you won't be charged at all. This subscription service usually costs £7.99 per month, so this freebie is worth £23.97. Kindle Unlimited includes access to one million ebooks as part of the subscription. These digital books can be downloaded to your device, so that you can read when offline, like on a long-haul flight or a morning commute on the Underground. Amazon regularly updates the selection of books included as part of its subscription with new titles across genres. Not only that, but Kindle Unlimited also includes access to thousands of Audible audiobooks and popular magazines. Want the best Apple AirPods deal? You won't find a lower price than £99 in the Prime Day sales. Usually priced at £119, this generous £20 discount was also available in the Black Friday sales last year, so it's another chance for shoppers who missed out to grab a bargain! The entry-level Apple AirPods don't have active noise-cancellation or Spatial Audio support, like the AirPods Pro. However, these earbuds can still pair to all of your Apple devices with a single tap and automatically switch between gadgets as you start using them. For example, if you're watching a movie on your iPad and you get an incoming call, AirPods will automatically switch over to the iPhone ready to answer the call. Clever, eh? Amazon has also slashed £20 off the price of the Apple AirPods (third-generation), which only launched last year. These new 'buds arrive with a new look, water-resistant design for exercise, and support for Spatial Audio. As these AirPods are so new, we haven't really seen any substantial discounts – so this price drop to £149 really stands out! Amazon has outdone itself with its Echo Dot deals this time around. The online retailer has slashed the price of its third-generation Echo Dot down to just £16.99 and the latest fourth-generation Echo Dot for just £19.99 – that's better than half price. And a new record low price for the Alexa-powered smart speaker. For those who don't know the difference, the fourth-generation Echo Dot (the latest iteration) sports a spherical design and dramatically improved speakers to boost sound quality. If you're hoping to listen to your favourite playlists, radio stations, audiobooks, or podcasts on your new Echo Dot – the fourth-generation redesign is definitely worth the extra £3 cost. Both third- and fourth-generation models have the same Alexa features, so you can ask the hands-free assistant to dim smart lightbulbs, set reminders, check the status of any Amazon orders, call friends and family with Echo speakers, find out the latest forecast and headlines, and more. All Echo Dot models include a 3.5mm port too, so you can connect the AI assistant to an existing sound system – upgrading it with voice control and multi-room support. Android fans have really lucked out in the Prime Day sales. Amazon has slashed £249 off the price of the Google Pixel 6 and includes free Pixel Buds A-series worth £74.99. Yes, really. For just £449, this Prime Day bargain includes a critically-acclaimed Android phone and the wireless earbuds, which offer hands-free calling, hours of wireless listening, and can be wirelessly recharged from the back of the Pixel 6 smartphone when you're on-the-move. Pixel 6 will be upgraded to the latest version of Android when it launches in the coming months. Pixel 6 arrives with an edge-to-edge OLED display, an in-screen fingerprint scanner to unlock the handset and authenticate contactless payments via Google Pay, a redesigned camera with a 50-megapixel sensor, superfast 5G support, and more. It's available in a number of colours, including Sorta Seafoam, Kinda Coral, and Stormy Black. Amazon will let you choose the colour of the phone and the colour of the free Pixel Buds independently, so you aren't restricted to getting 'buds that match, which is a nice touch. Ninja's flagship air fryer – the Foodi Max Dual Zone Air Fryer, which boasts two drawers with a maximum capacity of 9.5-litres (to feed up to eight people) – has been discounted from its usual £249.99 down to just £179.99. That £70 saving is the biggest price cut we've ever seen to this model, which is exclusive to Amazon UK. The black-and-copper kitchen gadget lets you mix and match between the different cooking modes in both drawers, so you can prepare different parts of the meal simultaneously. Ninja – known for its hugely popular blenders – also lets you synchronise the two drawers so that both finish cooking at the same time. A recipe book is included – perfect for those who are new to air fryers. It's also worth noting that a number of core components in the Ninja Air Fryer can be washed in the dishwasher, which should make cleaning up nice and easy. Air Fryers are gaining in popularity at the moment due to the amount of electricity they use compared to full-sized ovens. Cooking with these kitchen gadgets could save you a fortune in the coming months, especially as the cost of gas promises to sky-rocket again. If the top-of-the-line Ninja Foodi Max above is a little too pricey, Amazon has got a superb deal on a Philips Air Fryer. The Philips Essential Air Fryer has dropped from £149.99 back down to its best-ever price tag of £89.99 – a price cut we haven't seen since Prime Day last year (yes, Black Friday shoppers had to pay over £100 for this model in the sales). The Philips Essential Air Fryer has a single drawer capable of holding up to 4.1-litres. That should be big enough to cook for four people, the company says. If you're new to air fryers, you'll be pleased to know that Philips bundles access to the NutriU app, which is home to hundreds of recipes to take advantage of the kitchen gadget. Air fryers use 90 percent less oil than traditional fryers – making them a much healthier alternative. Not only that, but since you're frying using air your home will be free from the odour of traditional deep-frying. All removable parts in the Philips Essential Air Fryer are completely dishwasher safe. Shark is one of the best know cordless vacuum cleaner brands. Its hugely-popular cordless sticks offer impressive features at a lower cost than rival Dyson. And with the Prime Day sales, that price has dropped even lower. Shark has produced an Amazon-exclusive model, usually priced at £319.99, which has dropped down to just £189.99. That's a saving of £130 – a whopping 41% discount. This model includes Shark's anti-hair wrap feature – a guard that separates and removes hair as you push around the cordless vacuum cleaner, leaving the brush completely tangle-free. Shark says this feature will work with both long, short and pet hair. Amazon bundles a Car Detail Kit – designed to reach the hard-to-get-to spots in the interior of your car, an upholstery tool and 2-in-1 duster crevice tool to run along the skirting boards and between sofa cushions. With sunshine across the UK and Prime Day in full swing, there's never been a better time to bag a new Fitbit fitness tracker. Our top pick is the Fitbit Inspire 2, which is available in Desert Rose, Black or Lunar White, and has dropped to just £44.99 in the Prime Day sale. That's a 50% saving on its usual cost and a record low price. Until now, the best Fitbit Inspire 2 price we've seen was £57.99 (still not too shabby) during the Black Friday sales last year, so this is a substantial price cut on top of that! The Fitbit Inspire 2 arrives can track your step-count and calorie burn, monitor heart-rate throughout the day and night, record sleep including REM phases, and lasts for 10 days between charges. Like all Fitbit trackers, you'll be able to take on friends in head-to-head competitions or challenge yourself with a number of guided workouts and walks. For a limited time, Fitbit Inspire 2 arrives with a free one-year subscription to Fitbit Premium, which unlocks a number of extra features and Peloton-style video workouts. If you're lucky enough to have snagged an Xbox Series X amidst all of the stock shortages, there's a deal you'll really want to see in the Prime Day sales. Amazon has slashed the cost of the official expansion card, built by Seagate, which doubles the built-in storage in your Xbox Series X (or Xbox Series S) to 2TB. Wowzers! Usually priced at £254.99, this Prime Day deal has dropped the price to just £164.99. That's £5 less than the previous record for the lowest UK price for this must-have accessory! Unlike an external hard-drive, which can be plugged into the back of an Xbox to increase capacity, there is no difference in the load times between the internal SSD and this Seagate expansion card. As such, games stored on the expansion card will still support Quick Resume and play in up to 4K 120 frames-per-second. The expansion card plugs into a dedicated slot at the back of the Xbox Series X and Xbox Series S, sitting almost flush with the console, so there are no unsightly wires to worry about.