After a driver complained over being slapped with a £100 fine for parking too long at a service station while charging their electric vehicle, hundreds of drivers took to the Express.co.uk site to have their say about EVs and the required infrastructure. The overwhelming sentiment is that the UK could be heading toward a crisis, with far too many electric vehicles on the road, and nowhere near enough chargers. There is also concern about the amount of electricity required to keep millions of EVs on the road. And others point out the hypocrisy of so-called green motoring that requires coal power to produce electricity. Commenters were out in force over the issue, with many saying they will use petrol and diesel until it’s no longer legal to do so. READ MORE: Driver slapped with £60 fine for parking in disabled bay Reader ‘Whiskey Jack’ wrote: “If we had to replace every car with an EV, we would need 18 GW of power. “So we would need six Hinkley B nuclear power stations which when it opens in 2025 will produce 3.2GW of power. “That is just cars, there will also be buses, lorries, trains. “Just to get your head around the absolute impossibility of electric vehicles.” DON'T MISSMan behind fuel protest that would block motorways 'has no choice' [SHOCKING]Drivers warned switching to an EV might not reduce costs [WARNING]Hidden features in your car you never knew existed [REVEALED] ‘Methusleah’ added: “I agree changing to EV ownership is a fool's paradise. “When the power fails, which it will for sure without at least six new Hinkleys which are not even in the planning stage, they also will take at least 10 years to build. We will all be up... creek without a paddle.” ‘John1955’ replied: “The scenario I'm waiting on is some road getting blocked in winter. People using all the power to keep the heater on overnight so they don't freeze. “The next day you have thousands of cars with no power unable to get running.” ‘Joepublic58’ wrote: “(an extra) 6,000 charging points by 2035? For 40 million cars? “Now you are having a laugh, green eco EVs just won't be bought, the scam will be exposed before 2024.” ‘Fweddy’ replied: “The real scandal is the fact you have to be there for over two hours just to do a normal journey. “Are they trying to make the trains seem convenient?” ‘Suffolkboy101’ predicted: “Electric cars will become the equivalent to betamax. Hydrogen is coming. Big oil will pivot to that.” While ‘eurohadmefill’ wrote: “As EV's emerge with bigger batteries and more mileage capacity, to charge one of these high milers up, takes a long time! “Nobody seems to have thought much about this, but we are going to need probably MANY times more chargers than there are currently. “Some areas are pathetically inadequate for EV users.” ‘Nantgwineu’ spoke for many, saying: “How can electric cars be the way forward? For long journeys you would have to charge up twice each way adding up to 10 hours to travelling time. “Just bought an LPG car and can do 300 miles on a single fill at 80p per litre and which I did on my last visit to Scotland. We are being sold a pup just like we were with the Government telling us that diesel is the way of the future.”