Liverpool and Chelsea are set to battle it out next season for the Premier League title as they look to topple Manchester City's domination over the division. It might be early days in pre-season but the differences in camps is stark - especially considering those that are on the sidelines more often than not. In the Merseyside corner, Joe Gomez has just penned a new long-term contract despite being relegated to fourth-choice centre-back last season. Meanwhile, over in the United States where Chelsea are, several peripheral players are looking to leave and are pushing for exits - Armando Broja, Levi Colwill and Billy Gilmour could all depart over the coming weeks as they look for first-team football. While their ambition to leave a top-six club and make a name for themselves is admirable, it gives Chelsea a huge headache. If Broja completes a move to West Ham as expected, it means they will have to sign a striker. READ MORE: Chelsea and Armando Broja reach transfer agreement as West Ham-linked striker sent home Equally, if Colwill departs, it will mean that a defender will have to be brought in to replace him. Problems stacking up that Thomas Tuchel does not need, Jurgen Klopp - on the other hand - does not. Gomez could have easily looked to leave this summer and no one would have been able to dispute that, he is a top-class defender on his day and the World Cup is on the horizon. However, he has insisted that taking on the challenge of dismantling a defence that includes Virgil van Dijk and Ibrahima Konate is his best option. He said: “I guess you could see it at as a crossroads. But speaking to the club, I knew it was an important decision for me to make. DON'T MISSMan Utd interest in Youri Tielemans 'growing' with Ten Hag a big fanChelsea 'very close' to signing Jules Kounde in Barcelona revengeArsenal 'reactivate' transfer interest as Arteta plots sixth signing "Fundamentally, the opportunity that I have here and the platform and the chance to be at this club is one that is hard to walk away from. Essentially, it was me accepting the fact I have got to take on the challenge.” In terms of a long season, having these kind of players ready to die for the cause at any moment is crucial - something that Chelsea had in successful years in the Premier League. But as the Blues look to go a step further than third, Liverpool's happy campers could make the difference.