Below Deck Mediterranean's Captain Sandy has pulled her second stew up for his unprofessionalism. Her disapproval towards Kyle Viljoen was sparked by a potential kiss with a guest while onboard the superyacht. Renowned for its dramatic flare, Below Deck Mediterranean fans expected nothing less from the season seven premiere. Teasing a potentially inappropriate moment between one of the stews and a guest, the trailer for the new series left audiences yearning for more. The supposed kiss between second stew Kyle Viljoen and a charter guest had Captain Sandy Yawn tutting in disapproval. She shared why on her boat, crew should never mix business with pleasure. READ MORE: P-Valley: Why did Big Teak kill himself?   Shedding light on why it's considered taboo in the world of yachting, she said: "You just never want to cross that line. In the corporate world, it doesn’t happen." During the same conversation she had with Us Weekly, the 57-year-old veteran captain explained the rules are in place for when crew are working with charters. She said: "What they do once they are off the vessel in their personal lives is their personal decision. "So, if they want to hook up with clients after they’re signed off the vessel, go for it." Quick flings and hookups not quite her style, she also let the publication know she was "all about love" in the right place at the right time. Regularly sharing details of her own personal relationship with girlfriend Leah Shafer, the superyacht captain revealed she had already found love for herself. With a new season came new challenges for Sandy and a crop of fresh faces meant laying down the law once again for newbies that don't quite know how she operates. She opened up about how much she loves offering new experiences to people despite it sometimes landing her with green staff that have half the experience they claimed to. DON'T MISS...Below Deck Med's Captain Sandy speaks out on challenge of change [INSIGHT]Below Deck Med’s Captain Sandy shares concerns for season 7 crew [INSIGHT]Below Deck Mediterranean season 7 release time: What time is it out? [UPDATE] Docking in Malta, the latest instalment of the Bravo reality show had a total cast shake-up. Natasha Webb took up the chief stew position, David White cooked up a storm in the galley kitchen and Raygan Tyler led the charge on deck as the bosun. The only familiar cast member to continue with Captain Sandy was Mzi "Zee" Dempers who returned as deckhand. Already getting themselves into hot water, the captain appeared to be questioning her choices when she pointed out the bosun's hands-off approach. She said: "Sometimes you got to be in and get your hands dirty. That’s why I want [my team] to feel supported because I have a high expectation." Following a poor performance from the bosun in the premier episode, fans called for his removal from the show. Shaping up to be one of the most explosive seasons yet, the introduction teaser suggested a boatload of romances, bust-ups and beautiful scenery. Below Deck Mediterranean is available in the US on Bravo and in the UK on Hayu.