With a net worth of $20million (around £16.43million), according to Celebrity Net Worth.com, it’s unsurprising that Dame Maggie Smith has owned some beautiful properties. The prolific English stage, TV and film actress has appeared in more than 60 movies and over 70 plays over the years. This includes her portrayal of Professor Minerva McGonagall in the Harry Potter film franchise and Violet Crawley, Dowager Countess of Grantham, on Julian Fellowes's period series Downton Abbey. So where has Dame Maggie lived over the years? Express.co.uk has explored some of the locations. Pulborough is a small village located in a corner of the South Downs National Park in West Sussex. The area is home to just over 5,000 people, meaning it’s small and intimate. Dame Maggie is believed to have bought a home in the village in 1981 with her late husband Beverly Cross. Back in 2015, Dame Maggie said she visited a Waitrose in Storrington which is just 10 minutes away by car. READ MORE: Heatwave warning: 'Avoid gardening' for now to help your garden  The actor was speaking about her film, Lady in the Van, when she mentioned the area. She said on The Graham Norton Show in 2015: “She (Miss Shepherd) lived in Storrington which is quite near where I live. I live in a village next door. "There used to be a huge nunnery in Storrington and when I go there, which I do sometimes, I go to Waitrose and various things, I always think, I wonder what was it like when she was here as a sort of young person.” When asked by Graham Norton if her appearance in Downton Abbey had made people recognise her more she said: “Funnily enough, I was in Waitrose in Storrington and a little boy was at the checkout with his mother and kept looking at me.  DON'T MISSGardening: Job to do in mid-summer for 'stunning' magnolia tree [INSIGHT]How to make homemade weed killer - works on ‘warm and sunny’ days [UPDATE]Gardening 'Easiest way to spruce up' your garden on a budget [ANALYSIS] “He kept looking at me and looking at me and I said, ‘Can I help you?’ and he said, ‘It’s alright it will come to me in a minute’. I thought it was so sweet.” Dame Maggie’s home is located on a large plot of land in the countryside. The property has five bedrooms, three barns, a vineyard, a horse table and an orchard. The orchard contains apples, mulberries, pears, plums, and walnuts. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea The home is where Dame Maggie raised her two sons Christopher and Toby. The Downton Abbey home - Byfleet Manor In Downton Abbey, Dame Maggie’s character Dowager Countess lives in Byfleet Manor, Surrey. The actor never owned the property but spent a lot of time there as Lady Violet Crawley.  The 17th-century home was an integral part of the Downton Abbey series. The property was put on the market for £3.95million in 2015. The manor was sold by local businesswoman, Julie Hutton, who bought it around 10 years ago for about £1million. The home is 20 miles from the centre of London and 15 miles from Heathrow airport.