Their stance has now angered a senior Conservative MP, who says he intends to write to the group with his concerns. Britain's largest girl-only youth organisation recommended leaders understand dozens of words - including demisexual, agender and aromantic. Guidance encourages girls to be taught the "gingerbread person" gender model, so they are able to fully express their gender identity. It involves a graphic of a gingerbread character, often with claims that gender identity, sexual attraction and biological sex are a spectrum of zero to 100. But former security minister Sir John Hayes, who chairs the Common Sense group of MPs, said he will now write to the leadership. He said: "The Girls Guides have got a proud history and most people would think they were a wholesome place for children to learn all kinds of exciting skills and have all kinds of wonderful adventures. "But sadly it appears the organisation is increasingly influenced by weird people. They had better stop this nonsense or I suspect they will become increasingly irrelevant. That would be a great loss." Advice on the Girl Guides' website for its leaders states: "There are so many identities and experiences in the LGBTQ+ community. We've put together some simple advice, explained lots of terms and suggested some activities that you can do with any section. "It might be worth printing off or having it on your phone so you can reference it." The glossary includes dozens of terms for different genders and sexualities. It also included definitions for adult terms describing people who have multiple partners, as well as derogatory language such as "butch". But Toby Young, founder of the Free Speech Union, said: "It's a shame to see that the Girl Guides have embraced this woke gobbledygook. "It sends a message to parents that if you believe there are only two genders and sex is binary and immutable then you might not want to send your daughters to Guides because we're going to teach them something completely different. "Since that's about 95 per cent of the British population, it seems a bit nutty. "How long before the Guides goes belly up, another victim of 'get woke, go broke'?" The Girl Guides said: "Girlguiding wants to build an equal world where all girls can be safe, happy and reach their potential. "Every member of Girlguiding is welcome, irrespective of their faith, race, culture, nationality, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other identity. "We issue guidance for volunteers so that they are empowered to support the young people they lead in Girlguiding."