Daniel Ricciardo has spoken out on growing rumours that his stint at McLaren could be cut short as he struggles for form in 2022. The Aussie was evidently keen to address fans directly, and pledged his future to the team as he bids to resurrect his season. Ricciardo is under contract at McLaren until the end of 2023, but team boss Zak Brown recently admitted that at present, the Aussie is not living up to expectations. Furthermore, there have been suggestions that options may be in place to terminate the contract early, which would open the door for another driver to step in. McLaren recently signed two IndyCar stars in Colton Herta and Alex Palou, both of whom have been touted for futures in F1. Meanwhile, reigning F2 champion Oscar Piastri has also been suggested as a potential replacement if the partnership is cut short. Ricciardo is refusing to entertain the speculation, however, and made his position clear by releasing a social media statement on Wednesday. DON'T MISS: F1 commentator suspended as investigation launched after offensive Lance Stroll slur  "There have been a lot of rumours around my future in Formula 1, but I want you to hear it from me," he said on Twitter. "I am committed to McLaren until the end of next year and [I] am not walking away from the sport. "[I] appreciate it hasn't always been easy, but who wants easy! I'm working my a** off with the team to make improvements and get the car right and back to the front where it belongs. I still want this more than ever. See you in Le Castellet. Daniel." Ricciardo pulled off an unlikely victory at Monza last year, with team-mate Lando Norris finishing strongly behind to complete the McLaren one-two. Despite the win, the Aussie still finished a full 45 points behind Norris over the course of the 2021 season, and the youngster has opened up another sizable gap this time around. Having finished P9 in Austria last time out, it was a reasonable damage limitation job for Ricciardo after he crashed out in Q1 of Friday qualifying, but Norris pipped him again by finnishing seventh. Despite struggling to muster up the statement result that could turn his season around, and the tensions that may come with that, McLaren boss Zak Brown maintains that he and Ricciardo are on good terms.  "We have a great relationship and had dinner a couple of weeks ago in London," he told reporters at the end of June. "We have good laughs together, and enjoy racing together, so the relationship with Daniel has never been better. "We have a great relationship, and I just gave an honest answer about a question about how things are going, and things could be going better, but we’re going to work hard and make sure that they [go better] in the future."