Scott Mills is a Radio 1 legend having joined the station in 1998. As part of a BBC Radio shakeup, he will be leaving the station, as well as his show on Radio 5 Live. He will be moving to Radio 2, taking over from DJ Steve Wright, but when is he leaving? Scott has already worked with the Radio 2 team before and is excited to join the presenters full time. He will always be remembered, though, for his hilarious Radio 1 moments including Innuendo Bingo and the LOL-a-thon. As he leaves Radio 1, his co-host Chris Stark will also be stepping down. Singer Lewis Capaldi was tasked with making the announcement, which left fans of the DJ heartbroken. Thankfully listeners still have a while to go as the move is not taking place until the end of August. READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Beloved stalwart exits after proposal The co-hosts will present their last Radio 1 show on Thursday, August 25. Scott’s new Radio 2 show will start in the autumn, airing weekdays from 2pm to 4pm. At the time of the announcement, Scott said on Twitter: "What a crazy few days! Thank you to everybody that has sent a message! "I'm so excited to be joining the @BBCRadio2 family! "Don't worry me and @Chris_Stark will still be with you on @BBCR1 till the end of August!" On July 5, Radio 1 announced who would be replacing Scott and Chris on the show. Radio 1 DJs Dean McCullough and Vicky Hawkesworth will be taking and will be broadcasting live from Salford. Dean is a Northern Irish presenter who started his career at Wandsworth Radio. He then moved to Gaydio, which covers current LGBTQ+ issues. DON'T MISS... Emmerdale theory: Sandra Flaherty not Liv's mother as past exposed [THEORY] The Last Kingdom: What is Blood Will Prevail? New release explained [EXPLAINER] Zoe Ball bids farewell to Radio 2 studio amid recent BBC shake-up [INSIGHT] In December 2020, he filled in for BBC Radio 1's Clara Amfo and returned the following year to cover the breakfast show. By September he had begun hosting a regular mid-morning slot, replacing Jordan North. Vicky was born in Bolton and she previously worked on Bolton FM. Like her co-star, she also spent time presenting Gaydio, as well as BBC Radio Manchester. On making the move, she said: "I'm a little bit all over the place, in a good way, obviously. "It's just madness. It seems so, sort of, not real. "In fact, I actually thought maybe I was making it up, maybe I'd just dreamt it, like Dean was saying." "But I'm really excited to get going with it, it's gonna be a lot of fun," she told The Bolton News. Vicky and Dean first hosted on Radio 1 during the 2020 Christmas Takeover.