Good manners are going out of the window: a survey over table etiquette has revealed that more than 50 per cent of respondents think basic politenesses, such as using a knife and fork properly, asking to leave the table and saying thank you for supper, are no longer important. Needless to say, said respondents are aged 18 to 40; one despairs of the young. But still, it's easy to laugh this one off as trivial but it isn't. It's slipping standards, speaking of a deepening social malaise. Everyone knows it: manners maketh the man. It's not just table manners, although possibly the most disgusting sight in the world is someone eating with their mouth open, but decent behaviour per se. It goes without saying that "please" and "thank you" should be a stalwart of every vocabulary, along with not slouching and attempting to be gracious to everyone else. We live in a world of casual rudeness and supersonic offence taking: if we treated each other with a bit more dignity then perhaps the national dignity would register higher up the scale. Manners regulate society. This is what sets us apart from the animal brigade: the three cats I live with are not big on the manners front, think nothing of invading my personal space and attempt to steal my food, but they are cats, not people. Different modes of behaviour apply. Modes of etiquette grow up over hundreds of years and they do so for a reason: peaceful co-existence on the grounds that we are showing each other respect. The feminists of yesteryear who castigated men who held doors open for them and gave up seats on trains have a lot to answer for. While we women may have freedoms and opportunities we never had before, it is commonly conceded in some quarters at least, that we are treated with a lot less respect than our mothers were. "Not in front of the ladies" is a much derided term now, but it did at least imply we should be behaved towards properly, not just as one of the yobbish boys. Witness those ghastly reports as to how young women are being treated by their menfolk in their most intimate moments, violent and base behaviour that is almost certainly down to the availability of the most horrendous pornography. And there you have it: if those young boys were taught to walk on the outside of the pavement when out with their girlfriends and stand up when their lady leaves the supper table, chances are they'd behave a lot better in the rest of life as well. But it all ties in with general decline: people are dressing sloppily, behaving sloppily and putting no effort into any graceful aspect of their lives. Eating without a knife and fork takes us back to the days of the barbarians tearing apart chunks of meat with their bare hands: is that what we want? For shame. Reinstate some decent manners now. Singer Macy Gray has become the latest to be forced into a backdown for stating the blimmin' obvious: that trans women are not the same as women born female. Or as she put it, "I will say this, and everybody's going to hate me, but as a woman, just because you go change your parts doesn't make you a woman. Sorry." Nothing to be sorry about, Macy love: you're spot on. But not everyone thinks so: after being accused of "transphobia", Macy has since had to say she's been "grossly misunderstood". These bullies don't like people disagreeing with them, do they? In other news, Ritchie Herron is suing the NHS over trans surgery four years ago, saying the moment he came round he realised he'd made a terrible mistake. A while back someone said this trans stuff will stop once the lawsuits begin. Let's hope they were right. Rishi Sunak seems to be collateral damage in the great Boris psychodrama. But does he really mind? Rishi was flying high a year or so ago, but the economy is collapsing - never a fun time for a Chancellor. And he recently came in for severe criticism over his wife's finances. His reaction showed a surprisingly thin skin. Do you think it was a relief to step down? Another week, another mass slaughter in the United States. This one was in Highland Park, an area of Illinois I happen to know as I grew up very nearby. It is peaceful, quiet and affluent. You cannot imagine someone going berserk there. When is this gun-related madness going to stop? I don't listen to Radio 2 but am nonetheless saddened to hear that DJ Steve Wright is being forced out to make way for younger presenters. I did listen to him in his Radio 1 days and he was streets ahead of the rest of them: remember his cast of characters? Remember Gervais, the gay hairdresser, at a time when this was still considered to be slightly shocking? The circumstances escape me, but I still remember Steve howling (with mirth), "Gervais cites the 5th Amendment!" (It's the right to remain silent). Happy days! Due to the cost-of-living crisis, there are now security tags on packets of Lurpak butter. Actually, I'm amazed that hasn't happened before now. Butter is my ultimate indulgence: I am fairly strict about my diet most of the time, but put me in front of some unsalted Lurpak straight out of the fridge and it's not pretty. For related reasons, expect security tags on cheese any day now.