A spokesperson from Dorset and Wiltshire Fire and Rescue Service said: "We are aware of a fire on the cliffside near Boscombe Pier, our crews are in attendance and are dealing with the fire, please avoid the area if possible." The fire has since been put out, but emergency services are remaining on the scene to dampen down the area. Speaking about the fire on the clifftop by Boscombe pier this evening, a spokesperson said: “We were called at approximately 7.10pm this evening to reports of a fire on the gorse on the Undercliff between the two piers. "There’s a lot of wind in the area tonight as well which hasn’t helped matters, so we had quite a lot of rapid fire spread but we had a lot of resources here in the early phases who were able to knock it down quite quickly. "We did close the Undercliff more for security and precaution for everybody else, we’ve had five appliances here and our aerial ladder platform as well, so we’ve utilised that to keep people safe and extinguish the fire. "We’ll be here for another hour or so damping down, you always get a few hot spots so we’re just going through the motions of staying here for a while just to make sure we’re happy before we leave.  "We have no information about the cause at the moment, I will be doing investigations to see what the outcome was but it’s too early to tell. I will look at the CCTV in the area, if there is any available, to determine the cause but it can be very hard.” This latest fire follows a number of reported wild fires around the country since the hottest day of the year last week. The fire started just after 7pm this evening but the cause is still unknown. Wildfire outbreaks throughout the UK have caused firefighters to urge the public to be more cautious during the summer heat. READ MORE: Tragedy as elderly married couple die in horror crash   Brits are being asked to cancel planned barbeques and remove rubbish while enjoying the sun. Firefighters have said they have dealt with more major incidents yesterday than they usually would in an average 24 hours. The London Fire brigade said: “Please help us prevent further fires by cancelling all planned BBQs, removing rubbish especially glass from grassland and disposing cigarettes correctly. “Our firefighters and control officers are doing a fantastic job in challenging conditions. Your co-operation will help us greatly.” DON'T MISS:Russia's two top fighter pilots killed in HIMARS missile blast [INSIGHT]Have your say: Do you want Boris as PM and ban Truss/Sunak rule? [COMMENT]Elderly nudist shoots 'exhibitionist' dead for sex act on Lyon beach [ANALYSIS] The number of wildfires has increased this summer due to the rising temperatures. The UK experienced a record-breaking heatwave last week as temperatures over 40C were recorded for the first time. On Sunday, the Met Office said temperatures in the southeast of England reached 29C. 