Amazon's big Prime Day sale officially kicks off tomorrow, July 12, but that's not stopping the online retailer from beginning the bargains early and it's great news for anyone who needs a new Fire TV Stick. Ahead of the main event, these streaming devices have been given a significant price cut with some models now starting from under £13. Even the most premium Fire TV Stick Max, which gets improved streaming thanks to Wi-Fi 6 technology, is now just £32.99 - that's 40 percent off the usual price.  The only thing to note is that these deals are only available for customers with Amazon Prime. A Prime membership costs £7.99 per month but there is a neat trick that lets you enjoy all of the current discounts without paying a penny - full details here. If these Fire TV Stick savings have got you thinking about upgrading then here are all the best offers available from today until Wednesday, July 13. Fire TV Stick Lite • NOW £12.99 - SAVE £17 The Fire TV Stick Lite is Amazon's entry-level streaming device but it still offers access to all of the most popular services such as Disney+ and Netflix. It even arrives with an Alexa-powered voice remote for easy access to shows, movies and streaming apps. SEE THE DEAL HERE Fire TV Stick 4K • NOW £22.99 - SAVE £27 The Fire TV Stick 4K does exactly what it says on the tin with this device able to stream content to TVs in glorious 4K quality. That means users will be treated to a pin-sharp image when watching the latest blockbusters or bingeing on boxsets. SEE THE DEAL HERE Fire TV Stick 4K Max • NOW £32.99 - SAVE £22 If you want the best of the best then the Fire TV Stick Max should be top of your wishlist. This device is not only Ultra HD compatible but is also faster and more reliable thanks to an improved processor and Wi-Fi 6 technology. SEE THE DEAL HERE Along with the Fire TV Stick range being slashed in price there are also a number of other deals that have gone live ahead of the main event tomorrow. Offers include the Echo Dot which is now just £16.99. You can also pick up the Echo with Clock for £29.99 or the Echo Buds wireless earbuds for £59.99 - that's a saving of £50 off the standard price.