The 66-year-old mum from Dorset responded to a common WhatsApp scam because she believed her son was in financial trouble. She told ITV’s This Morning how fraudsters go to extreme lengths to convince people they are talking to their own children. Most Britons don’t believe they would fall for a scam but unfortunately the fraud statistics tell a completely different story. Britain has recently been named the fraud capital of the world after scammers conned victims out of a record £584m in 2021 - more than any other country. While social media has improved Britons lives in many ways, scams which start on WhatsApp have increased by a staggering 2000 percent. A mum from Dorset told ITV’s This Morning how she fell for the "the mum and dad WhatsApp scam", when fraudsters impersonated her son and messaged her to ask for money.  When fraudsters replied to her in her native language - Spanish - she really thought it was her son in dire financial straits. Her son was travelling in Mexico at the time, so Angela was naturally worried about his wellbeing and ended up transferring her life savings to the scammers. Angela Briscoe appeared on ITV’s This Morning to explain that she received messages on WhatsApp from someone who pretended to be her son, who was travelling in Mexico at the time. Mrs Briscoe told hosts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby that the scam ended up costing her a staggering £10,000.  DON'T MISSState pensioners describe struggle to get by in retirement [INSIGHT]State pension warning: Britons could 'lose out' with NI rule change [WARNING]Nadhim Zahawi urged to free Britons from £6bn pension tax burden [ALERT]'I had a breakdown' Pensioner devastated as she loses £125,000 [WARNING] The scammer convinced her that her son had forgotten to pay loads of bills. She told Phil Schofield: “I asked him how can you forget to pay all these bills? “I said how do you know that I have this money? “So I say good job that I have these savings and I can pay it." READ MORE: HSBC UK increases interest rates as bank unveils changes She continued: “My fourth payment didn't go through so my supposed son said to me please call the bank. "You need to tell them that they need this payment to go through.” The mum has since received some of the money back from Santander but not everyone is as lucky. Fraud now accounts for more than a third (39 percent) of all crime according to figures from the Crime Survey for England and Wales (CSEW) for 2021.   Every day Express.co.uk hears about another person falling victim to fraudsters and losing hundreds, sometimes thousands of pounds, in cash. Scammers will go to the ends of the earth to try and scam people out of their hard earned cash, no matter who they are. It's not just pensioners who are targeted either - everyone is at risk including journalists. In the space of a year, I was targeted three times by scammers online.  