The youngster was reportedly left in tears after the incident at the coffee shop's drive-thru. Police have, though, decided against bringing charges but Costa Coffee's franchise partner is understood to be investigating. A whistleblower provided the CCTV to Wales Online in concern for the boy, who was left "crying and shaking" after the fall in Barry, South Wales, on June 2. The source said a group of 11-to-12year-old boys were on bikes in the car park outside the Costa branch, laughing and joking among themselves. One of the boys reportedly then used offensive language about a Costa employee who reacted with the alleged shove, Wales Online says. "In the video you can see the employee reach over the front garden fencing, grab the child’s bike and push the child off it, throwing the child off his bike into the road [through the car park]," the whistleblower added. "Thankfully at the time there were no cars around as they drive incredibly fast around the corner coming out of the drive-thru and it’s incredibly dangerous to be in the road. At the end of the video you see one of the staff members rushing to help the young boy out the road and telling [the first staff member] to leave. The young boy was crying, shaking, and said that he’d hurt himself in the fall."  The boy's family then came to the store to meet the employee who had appeared to push him. The employee apologised and offered free coffee to the family but did not show them the CCTV, according to the whistleblower. The source continued: "The area manager has failed to give any repercussions and simply agreed that he simply 'lost it for a second', which isn’t acceptable in a customer-facing setting where we deal with a lot of families, children, and different situations daily. "It’s simply not safe to have someone with such a short circuit in this kind of job if he’s capable of this." A Costa Coffee spokesman said: "We have recently become aware of an incident that took place in early June at a Costa Coffee drive-thru in Barry. The drive-thru is owned and operated by a franchise partner who is currently conducting an internal investigation into the incident." A South Wales Police spokesman said the force received a "third-party report" of the incident. He added: "Officers attended the location and spoke to all parties concerned. No complaint of assault has been made and therefore the matter has been finalised." 