Craig Rowe joined the A Place in the Sun team at the start of the year. The Bristolian, who has been renovating properties for the past two decades, has received a warm reception from Channel 4 viewers. However, he has spoken exclusively to Express.co.uk about dealing with difficult guests on the show. Craig, who has jetted off around Europe for the latest series of the Channel 4 show, said he tries not to take criticism personally. The presenter recently spoke to Express.co.uk about finding A Place in the Sun guests their dream homes abroad. Reflecting on the more tricky couples he has worked with on the show, he explained: "For two shows which we filmed in Italy, both couples were quite tough. "One couple, Jackie and Mike from Northern Ireland, were lovely, she was from Dublin and he was from Galway." READ MORE: Better Call Saul fans ‘work out’ reason Gene is missing from season 6 However, they did not like any of the first three properties he gave them a tour of "at all". Craig said the guests thought one of the options he gave them a tour of "looked like a shed". "But the home was really big inside and had an amazing view," Craig explained. "And I said, 'Okay, forget the shed comment and let me get you inside because I think there are reasons I'm showing you this.'  "The funny thing was, when they met me outside I asked if it got better when they went inside and Jackie said, in a word, 'No.' "But I really love how honest she was, there is no point in saying they like it if they don't." Craig added: "She did have a great sense of humour, but people can be very to the point and abrupt." Luckily, Jackie was appreciative when Craig finally found a property which ticked all of her boxes.  DON'T MISS...'No personality' A Place in the Sun buyer blasts Craig Rowe's property [VIDEO]A Place In The Sun's Craig Rowe on relationship with Laura Hamilton [LATEST]A Place In The Sun’s Craig Rowe issues housing warning [EXCLUSIVE] Craig admitted he thought it was better for people to speak up if they did not like a property sooner rather than later. "It's easier to know, I guess, in the beginning," he explained. "But, yeah, some people are just a bit more brutal than others with their way of wording things I suppose." The property expert said he has been learning how you can never predict what people are going to like as it is "such a personal thing".  Prior to appearing on the Channel 4 show, Craig was friends with veteran A Place in the Sun presenter Laura Hamilton. They have known each other for about 20 years and she gave him some words of advice before his first day on the job. Craig added: "Certainly the [presenter] I've known the longest is Laura because we worked at an auction channel many years ago before she was the megastar that she is now." A Place in the Sun airs on weekdays at 4pm on Channel 4. 