Florence Pugh, 26, has reacted to criticism of her braless display in the designer gown she wore to the Valentino Haute Couture show in Rome on Friday. The Black Widow actress was at the centre of a debate after donning the show-stopping see-through dress, with some critics pointing out her “tiny t**s”, according to her statement. She took to Instagram to address the comments that had been aimed at her in view of her 7.5 million followers. Florence shared a series of pictures of the hot pink dress, which featured a floor-length tulle skirt. In two of the photos, Florence could be seen posing on some stairs while the sun set behind her, before a third picture showed her covering her nipples with her index fingers. In a lengthy caption, the movie star lashed out at critics critiquing the size of her breasts, as she assured “not a wink of me was nervous” to wear the dress. READ MORE: Novak Djokovic's wife addresses marriage ahead of Wimbledon She began: “Listen, I knew when I wore that incredible Valentino dress that there was no way there wouldn’t be a commentary on it. “Whether it be negative or positive, we all knew what we were doing.” Florence went on to criticise the “vulgar” men who made remarks about her body. She added: “It isn’t the first time and certainly won’t be the last time a woman will hear what’s wrong with her body by a crowd of strangers, what’s worrying is just how vulgar some of you men can be. “Thankfully, I’ve come to terms with the intricacies of my body that make me, me. “I’m happy with all of the ‘flaws’ that I couldn’t bear to look at when I was 14.” Florence concluded her statement by calling on her followers to “respect humans”. She wrote: “Grow up. Respect people. Respect bodies. Respect all women. Respect humans. DON'T MISS:Rosie Huntington-Whiteley wows in figure-hugging dress at Wimbledon [PICTURES]Hugh Grant's payback praised as Piers says 'sack' MP [LATEST]Susan Sarandon admitted 'window may have closed' on love life [INSIGHT] 1636949 “Life will get a whole lot easier, I promise. And all because of two cute little nipples…. “Oh! The last slide is for those who feel more comfortable with that inch of darker skin to be covered…” Florence received an outpouring of support from fans and industry colleagues, who rushed to the post’s comments section to weigh in on the subject. Actress Joey King said: “You are truly so amazing. “You put into words what so many feel but can’t articulate.” Emma.walsh.24 added: “Idk how anyone could look at that photo and say anything negative. You looked incredible…” (sic) _eveblackk commented: “I thought you looked beautiful florence #nipsarenormal” Regan_.quinn simply stated: “I think you look amazing.”