Royal expert Richard Fitzwilliams has quashed rumours that Prince Andrew could launch a controversial return to representing the Royal Family during public appearances. The Duke of York has been prevented from appearing as a working member of the Royal Family following a series of concerning revelations that involved alleged historical sexual abuse. The Prince has strictly denied the allegations against him but has still been stripped of his patronages and forced to take a far more private approach to his royal position.  Speaking to the Daily Express, Mr Fitzwilliams said: “We can just sum it up as Andrew has got no future in any capacity as a member of the Royal Family.”    The royal expert continued: “No future of any sort as a working member of the Royal Family. “It’s up to the royals if they want to find a job for him.” Mr Fitzwilliams explained the Queen would have to make the difficult decision surrounding the obligations of Prince Andrew, although he suggested a change to the current royal strategy was unlikely. He added: “I would have thought managing the royal estates is something he could do. “It has got to be out of the public eye.” Mr Fitzwilliams suggested management of the royal estates could provide a fulfilling yet private role for Prince Andrew that would allow him to undertake royal responsibility away from the glare of the public sphere. The Duke of York holds official residence in Royal Lodge, a Grade II listed property nestled in Windsor Great Park. Due to his position at the centre of the royal estate, Mr Fitzwilliams suggested the Prince could be offered the opportunity to take up duties involving the control and maintenance of royal property. The role would give the Prince some level of royal authority while keeping him strictly away from public engagements. Read more: Princess Beatrice 'ensured' Prince Andrew's BBC interview went ahead The Prince made his first official appearance in months for the March Thanksgiving Service in honour of his father, The Duke of Edinburgh. He was seen alongside the Queen, assisting her to walk through Westminster Abbey as his attendance fuelled speculation that the Duke of York would begin to lobby for a gradual return to public duties. The Prince was again understood to have been involved in private elements of the Garter Day ceremony in June, although he was absent from the public procession. Despite speculation of his hopes to be involved, it was made clear ahead of the Platinum Jubilee weekend that Prince Andrew would not be included in the traditional balcony appearance of the Royal Family. The Palace announced the display would consist solely of close, working members of the Royal Family, therefore automatically excluding the Duke of York. Don't miss:Cambridges' new home has a connection to Andrew's Royal Lodge [ANALYSIS]Beatrice 'evidently anxious' during meeting ahead of Andrew interview [REVEAL]Queen pensive as she's spotted visiting horses  [INSIGHT]  There had been much speculation that he could be involved in other aspects of the Platinum Jubilee celebrations but, on the Thursday of the bank holiday weekend, it was announced the Prince had Coronavirus. The positive test meant Prince Andrew was not able to attend any of the highly anticipated Jubilee services, easing much royal concern that his presence could detract attention from the monarch. Prince Charles and Prince William have reportedly been heavily involved in the effort to keep the role of Prince Andrew a private matter, suggesting the Duke of York is incredibly unlikely to return to his previous royal standing. Read next: Royal Family ‘worth every penny’ of British taxpayer moneyPrincess Charlotte asks Kate heartbreaking question before schoolKate and William's royal titles 'coming to an end' before new chapterPalace urged to publish probe into claims Meghan 'bullied' staffPrince Harry told Royal Family tensions 'irrelevant' to status change 