More than 19 health conditions qualify for this additional financial support from the DWP. PIP payments could help people through the cost of living crisis. Thousands of cash strapped UK residents are missing out on Personal Independence Payments (PIP) even though they are contending with mental health, learning difficulties and physical problems that affect their ability to work and carry out everyday tasks. PIP was introduced in 2013 to replace the Disability Living Allowance and could mean an extra £627 a month. Personal Independence Payments are split into two parts: a daily living and a mobility component. Exactly how much someone receives depends on how much their condition affects them. READ MORE: Scam Warning: Victims losing more than £36,000 on average The daily living component is for people who need extra help completing everyday tasks. This can include preparing food, washing, getting dressed or communicating with other people. The mobility component is for people who need extra help getting around including things like planning a journey or following a route. PIP is for people who haven’t yet reached state pension age and just over one in three cases (35 percent) receive the highest level of the award. DON'T MISS:Nationwide raises interest rate on savings account to 5% [ALERT]Santander scam: convincing hoax email includes full name and account [WARNING]Woman, 69, explains how retirees could earn over £147 extra per week [INSIGHT]Money making tips: 10 ways to make an extra £500 a month [UPDATE] More than 19 health conditions qualify for PIP and it’s not just people with physical disabilities that could be eligible for these payments. Depending on how much one’s condition affects them, they could qualify for the daily living component of the disability benefit. The lower weekly rate is £61.85 and the higher rate is £94.40. PIP’s weekly mobility component is £24.45 for the lower rate and £64.50 for the higher rate. READ MORE: Why haven't I received the first cost of living payment? Which health conditions qualify for PIP payments?  Some people are put off applying for PIP because they claim the process is over complicated. Poverty charity Turn2Us recommends checking its Personal Independence Payment (PIP) Test guide before making a claim. Qualifying for PIP could also mean people receive free NHS prescriptions, reduced council tax bills and financial help towards energy and water bills. Applicants can ask Citizens Advice or their local disability support agency for help filling out the forms.