Actor John Goodman has completely overhauled his lifestyle and as a result dropped an enormous 14 stone. The Roseanne star is absolutely unrecognisable nowadays. At his heaviest, the TV star was "pushing 400" or maybe even 500, he revealed to David Letterman in 2011. He joked: "I wanted to get my knees replaced, and I wanted to get them replaced with my elbows." He told the talk show host that his weight had fluctuated over the years. READ MORE: Menopause: Top foods to 'dramatically' improve health and shed fat "I'd get off of Roseanne every spring and lose 60lbs." But there was one vice that the actor couldn't quite shake. He admitted: "I'd get too fond of the barleycorn - I'd just start missing it too much - and that would just screw everything up. "I'd gain it all back and then some, every year." So how did he finally knock the habit? The star checked himself into a rehabilitation centre in 2007, after acting in Roseanne since 1988. Asked if he felt better having lost the weight, John said: "Oh yeah, it's like night and day. "I'm getting a lot of exercise, feeling great." READ MORE: Sleep your way to weight loss: The benefits of sleeping naked He described it as an "ongoing process", but joked that he would never be "Paris Hilton". He described a healthy approach to weight loss: "I'm going to base it on the fat content of my body, whatever's healthy and right." During an interview with Peter Travers in 2016, he spoke about food as an addiction. "You're trying to fill a hole that can't be filled, unless it's filled with goodness, some spirituality - not to say religion, but just a belief in something higher than yourself, a purpose. "But instead of filling it with booze or cocaine or food, you just acknowledge that it's there, you can't fill it, and you go on, you live with it." As for why he finally decided to lose the weight for good, John admitted: "I got sick and tired of looking at myself. "You're shaving and you don't want to look at yourself and it gets dangerous." He credited his weight loss to regular exercise, smaller portions of food - "10 crawfish instead of 100". While it's been reported that the actor has lost 200lbs, John "doesn't want to know". "I just go by belt sizes that get smaller."