Eurovision Song Contest 2022 was hosted by British pop singer Mika, whose full name is Michael Holbrook Penniman Jr, and Italian star Laura Pausini. Mika joined Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield on This Morning to discuss the competition which saw the UK's entry Sam Ryder become the runner-up. However, he revealed he found himself "in front of 200 million people" having to make up the script when his co-host collapsed backstage. /latest/phillip-schofield The Grace Kelly singer hosted the contest from Turin, in Italy, earlier this summer and appeared on This Morning to discuss his new single Yo Yo. He told Phillip and Holly: "They make you do the show six times, and you do three shows, and in the end, you have done a show 25 times. "Each show lasts between three and four hours." He expressed how every single word and gesture was watched by millions of people at home as well as the audience. READ MORE: Why did Aunt Joan leave Doc Martin? Mika continued: "And then you get on to the gig where everything is going wrong, and you have got some guy dressed as a banana wolf hugging your leg. "You have no script and your co-host has disappeared for about 27 minutes and you have no idea why." He explained how the prompts were written for Laura and he had no idea why she had not joined him on stage. When Phillip asked where Laura was, he revealed she had collapsed behind the scenes.  Mika added: "She fainted actually, in fact, it was the beginning of Covid for her, she had Covid and she didn't know. "So she collapsed backstage and she was exhausted and she was feeling unwell and we found ourselves in front of 200 million people making it up." Phillip and Holly were stunned by Mika's admission as they and viewers at home did not realise she had fallen ill. During the live show, the Italian singer's absence was not commented on. DON'T MISS...Eurovision's Ukraine winners 'disappointed' as UK poised to host [LATEST]POLL: Should Eurovision 2023 be held in Ukraine or UK? [POLL]Eurovision fans slam ‘reluctant’ BBC over 2023 hosting statement [UPDATE] This Morning viewers took to Twitter following Mika's interview about hosting the singing competition, with Dan Feathers commenting: "So Mika just basically said on This Morning that his co-host at #Eurovision had tested positive for covid whilst hosting the final." Mr Adam R added: "She fainted due to what turned out to be Covid or probably also exhaustion hitting the start of the illness. "They must have been being tested right and it could easily have been negative early on." Richie Thomas quipped: "Literally making it up on one of the biggest TV shows." (sic)  Lois, who praised Mika for hosting Eurovision, said: "I do like Mika... He was pretty amazing at Eurovision #Thismorning." Laura did not mention falling ill backstage at the contest and instead tweeted her followers about having the privilege of presenting the show. She penned in May: "The #EUROVISION was a beautiful experience! I, therefore, feel the need to thank the people who with their hard work have brought this magnificent show to the stage! Thanks to @alecattelan and @mikasounds and thank you for joining us in this adventure!" This Morning airs on weekdays from 10am on ITV. 