Most people now expect the Foreign Secretary, Liz Truss to walk into 10, Downing Street as the 15th Prime Minister of Queen Elizabeth II’s reign and third woman. The polling of party members added to her popular policies on cutting taxes and reducing energy bills as well as tackling some of the wokery infecting Britain seems to suggest that she will win easily. But in a turbulent period of our history which will make her the fourth Prime Minister since the 2016 EU Referendum nothing can be ruled out. After all, just a few weeks ago it looked as if Mr Sunak may himself be the clear winner in the leadership contest. He was self assured in the first leadership debate while his opponents, particularly Ms Truss, looked wooden and unable to grasp detail. He was easily top of the tree on MPs votes winning each round while Ms Truss only just squeaked into the last two with the decisions of a mere four MPs the difference between her reaching this round or rival Penny Mordaunt. But since then it has looked like plain sailing. Mr Sunak’s ill-advised bombastic performance in the BBC debate, constantly interrupting Ms Truss for many, was the last straw.  Votes are due to go out on Monday and it is believed most will be cast in the first week with few waiting for the entire summer. But there is a wildcard element to this contest and that is the electorate - the Conservative Party members. Many are not on the internet and therefore not the ones within reach of ConHome and other member-oriented websites. We do not even know the exact number which could be between 120,000 and 180,000. What members are thinking is not as straightforward as some believe so it is possible that the tax cuts line may not be the big winner it is assumed to be. Sunak’s people have been recruiting key influencers and people with access to various membership lists. Truss’ people probably did the same but started later. But all this means that what we expect to happen may not actually happen. There could be a chance for Mr Sunak yet. 