Prince Edward and Sophie, Countess of Wessex have steadfastly supported the Queen with her royal duties for two decades, and Sophie is often cited as a close confidante of the Queen. The Countess often goes about her royal business without seeking the spotlight and she is patron of several charities. But a recent poll has shown Sophie's popularity with the British public has decreased over the last three months.  According to YouGov's 'Most Popular Royalty' poll, Sophie's position has dropped from seventh to ninth place in the ranking of 15 royals. As of quarter two of 2022, Sophie's popularity rating stood at 37 percent - a drop of seven percent from the 44 percent rating she scored in quarter one. The latest YouGov data on Sophie Wessex was collected from 1,216 people across the population of Great Britain during quarter two of this year.  READ MORE: New Archie pictures show 'significant' difference with Cambridges Sophie now stands behind Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, who earned a 40 percent popularity rating in the latest survey. But Sophie is one rank ahead of her husband Prince Edward, the Queen's youngest son, who scored a 35 percent popularity rating. Out of all the royals on the list, Sophie is also the least famous and she scored only a 71 percent fame rating. The most famous royals among the British public are Prince Harry and the late Prince Philip, who scored a fame rating of 98 percent each.   The Queen, Kate, Duchess of Cambridge and Prince William are the most popular royals with the British public, according to the latest polling data. YouGov's 'The Most Popular Royalty' rankings (popularity) are as follows for quarter two of 2022:  DON'T MISS:John McEnroe blasted Royal Family’s role at Wimbledon in furious rant [INSIGHT]'The body does not lie': Inside Sophie Wessex & Edward's marriage [ANALYSIS]Sophie's 'close relationship' with Kate made her 'most stylish royal' [PICTURES] Sophie, Countess of Wessex is a working member of the Royal Family, so she completes royal engagements on behalf of the Queen alongside her husband, Prince Edward. Sophie's charitable interests centre on helping young people, children and women, and she also holds military appointments. On International Women’s Day in 2019, Sophie announced her commitment to champion the Women, Peace and Security (WPS) agenda and the UK’s Preventing Sexual Violence in Conflict Initiative (PSVI). 