Tom Aspinall v Curtis Blaydes might be the fight headlining the UFC event in London on Saturday night, but Paddy Pimblett is the name on everybody's lips. The Scouse star is gunning for a third straight win since joinging the UFC, and indeed, a third Performance of the Night award, when he takes on Jordan Leavitt at lightweight level. Pimblett, 27, has been his usual charismatic self this week, flashing his backside during the weigh-ins and taking aim at critics of his eating habits. He's also used the build-up to fire shots at the Conservative party over the current cost of living crisis, and the harrowing situation regarding food banks across the UK. He will be expected to improve his 18-3 MMA record when he faces American fighter Leavitt at the O2 Arena in London. And as well as 20,000 fans at the venue itself, millions more will be tuning in to see 'The Baddy' in action again. Subscribers to BT Sport will be able to watch him on television from the comfort of their living rooms. The live programme starts at 8pm on BT Sport 1, and providing the bouts take place on time, will finish at 11.30pm. The exact time of Pimblett's bout is not yet clear, but in all likelihood will happen some time between 9pm and 10pm. JUST IN: Conor McGregor's manager lays into Floyd Mayweather and provides rematch update What if I can't watch Paddy Pimblett at UFC London live at home? Those with a BT Sport subscription will still be able to watch the Liverpool FC fan if not at home on the night. The BT Sport app ensures fans can watch the show live on their mobile phones, tablets, or i-pads. And those with computer access can enjoy it by logging in via BTSport.com. What if I don't subscribe to BT Sport? Fight fans will need to be subscribed to two different streaming platforms to ensure that they will be able to watch Pimblett and co on the night. The Prelims for the event will be available for fans in the United Kingdom through UFC Fight Pass. DON'T MISS:Conor McGregor told next UFC fight after Nate Diaz lifted lid on Dana White's planNate Diaz reveals UFC's Conor McGregor plan as MMA star sends strong message to Dana WhiteConor McGregor vs Dustin Poirier 4 shut down as Notorious recommended 'car wreck' fight UFC Fight Pass is available to subscribe at £6.99 per month, or at a discounted price of £71.99 for an entire year. The official website states: "The UFC FIGHT PASS library is enormous and continues to grow. "The FIGHT PASS library contains every fight in the history of the UFC, as well as the entire video libraries of over 30 other MMA/boxing/kickboxing/Muay Thai/Jiu-Jitsu promotions including PRIDE FC, WEC, Strikeforce, and Invicta FC.”