Barcelona have ruled out doing a swap deal with Chelsea for Frenkie de Jong, according to reports. The Netherlands is wanted by the Blues, despite the 25-year-old being closer to joining Manchester United. And it seems like this saga is still ongoing, with the player reluctant to leave the Nou Camp for the Premier League. Barcelona have recently insisted they want to keep hold of De Jong, three years after his blockbuster arrival from Ajax. But, in reality, their stance is different with the La Liga giants open to offloading the 25-year-old providing they receive a huge fee. Barcelona need to balance their finances and are determined to fund a deal for Bayern Munich’s Robert Lewandowski, who is eager to leave the Allianz Arena behind. And Sport say the Catalan titans have ruled out doing a swap deal with Chelsea that would see Cesar Azpilicueta and Marcos Alonso both join. The pair are top targets for Barcelona, who see the duo as the perfect candidates to bolster their backline. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez Yet Xavi’s side would rather negotiate their signings separately, instead of them being used in any potential De Jong arrangement. That’s a boost for United who, behind the scenes at Old Trafford, can be forgiven for fearing a hijack. The club have spent over 50 days in talks with Barcelona for De Jong, who previously dazzled under Erik ten Hag at Ajax. But while United have pushed hard, they’ve so far been unable to come to a total agreement on the overall fee. United and Barcelona are aligned on one aspect, with the Red Devils willing to pay an initial £56.2million in order to secure De Jong’s signature. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen Yet the two teams have been unable to agree on add-ons and bonuses, complicating the situation in the process. United are still confident of signing De Jong, despite Chelsea also registering an interest. But it’ll be interesting to see what unfolds as the days pass, with United frantically attempting to get a deal over the line. If United do sign De Jong, he’ll become their 10th signing from La Liga over the years. Under Sir Alex Ferguson, the Red Devils snapped up the likes of Jordi Cruyff, Quinton Fortune, Ricardo, Gerard Pique and David De Gea. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team Louis van Gaal bought in Ander Herrera, Angel Di Maria and Victor Valdes throughout his two-year spell at Old Trafford. And, under Jose Mourinho and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer respectively, Eric Bailly and Raphael Varane touched down from Villarreal and Real Madrid. Barcelona chief Joan Laporta, meanwhile, was recently asked about De Jong’s future. And he said: "Frenkie de Jong is a Barcelona player. "We don’t want to sell him unless we have no other choice. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here "Of course we know there are offers for De Jong. But we don’t want to sell him.” And those comments came just days after Laporta had claimed De Jong ‘expects’ to stay at Barcelona this summer despite interest from foreign clubs. He said: “There are clubs that want him, not just United. We have no intention of selling him, he wants to stay. “Frenkie is considered as one of the best midfielders in the world by all the experts. We are happy to have him. “I’m going to do everything I can in my power so that Frenkie stays here, but there’s also a salary issue and that would have to be adjusted.”