The remains appeared on Monday at the lake, the largest reservoir in the US on the Colorado river. It is the third body to be found since May in the mud of the river between Nevada and Arizona, around 30 minutes away from the notoriously mob-founded Las Vegas Strip.  The remains were seen partially encased in mud in the swimming area, north of Hemenway Harbour marina in Boulder City, Nevada. The National Park Service confirmed that the remains were found by members of the public. However, they have not said how long they were underwater for. Clark County coroner, Melanie Rouse, said on Tuesday that it was too early to identify a gender or a time and cause of death.  Investigators are set to review missing persons records in a bid to establish the identity of the remains. The coroner's office is still trying to identify the body of a man whose body was found in a barrel on the Hemingway Harbour on May 1. However, his death is being treated as a murder after police said he had been shot and his clothing dated to the mid 1970s to early 80s. Detective Lieutenant Ray Spencer told the New York Times that officials are trying to establish if the death could be mafia related. READ MORE: NATO told to ‘take nuclear weapons off table' to outsmart Putin  Mr Spencer said at the time: "I would say there is a very good chance as the water level drops that we are going to find additional human remains." Several days later remains belonging to a second man were found on May 7. The remains were discovered in a newly surfaced sand bar near Callville Bay, more than a mile from the marina. Two sisters discovered the body which is yet to be identified as they were out paddle boarding. DON'T MISS:  Putin sparks war fears with Azerbaijan after Kremlin arms intercepted [REVEAL] Gas price surge: Costs skyrocket to 4 times higher than last year a... [INSIGHT] Brit special forces ‘helped liberate Snake Island' in Bond-style subs   [SPOTLIGHT]  NASA satellite images have shown the dramatic impact of the drought on Lake Mead. The lake was only 27 percent full on 18 July, its lowest level since April 1937 when it was being filled in for the first time. Scientists have argued that the western US including the Colorado River basin have become warmer and drier in recent decades. NASA said that the images of the lake provided a "stark illustration" of climate change and drought. They said: "The largest reservoir in the United States supplies water to millions of people across seven states, tribal lands, and northern Mexico. "It now also provides a stark illustration of climate change and a long-term drought that may be the worst in the US West in 12 centuries." 