Turkey is the cheapest holiday destination for British tourists, according to new research by Saxo. The average price of a beer in Turkey is just £1.66. A fall in the Turkish lira means Britons can get a lot more for their money in Turkey this summer. Petrol in Turkey costs an average of just 94p per litre, half the price of filling up in the UK. A litre of milk costs just 53p while dinner for two at an average restaurant came to just £14 in Turkey. The stunning country has long been one of the UK’s best value holiday destinations and came out top in a recent Post Office Travel Money study. READ MORE: Flight attendant shares what passengers 'should never drink' on plane The Post Office found that Marmaris was the cheapest beach resort for British tourists looking for a bargain break. On Tripadvisor, one visitor to Mamaris marina wrote: “This area is absolutely stunning. The views are just amazing.” Analysis of 1.7 million trips booked in the first half of the year found that Dalaman in Turkey was one of the most popular destinations for Britons. Turkey had fewer Covid restrictions than other holiday destinations which could explain its popularity. Britons do not have to show proof of vaccination or a negative test to travel to Turkey, according to FCO advice. However, travellers should check the latest restrictions before travel as rules can change without much warning. Turkey recently changed its name to Türkiye, a name which President Erdogan said better represented the “country’s culture, civilization and values”. Budget flights to Turkey’s beaches are available from most major UK airports with package deals from TUI and Jet2 on offer. READ MORE: Cruise holiday tip to protect valuables - what not to take to port Saxo found that Portugal was the second cheapest holiday destination for British tourists in 2022. While the price of a meal for two was significantly higher than in Turkey at £34, it’s still one of Europe’s cheapest spots. The average price of a beer is cheaper than in Turkey at just £1.57 while a cappuccino will set a tourist back £2.28. The Algarve is one of the country’s top holiday destinations with stunning beaches and world class golf courses. Spain was ranked the third cheapest holiday destination and the Canaries are normally better value than the mainland during summer. Germany and Greece also made the top five best value holiday destinations with the average price of a beer under £4 in all the spots. Greece was also one of the most popular destinations for bookings made in the first half of the year. Santorini and Mykonos were two of the most in demand islands although quieter Greek islands may be cheaper for bargain hunters.