Tottenham stars Harry Kane and Son Heung-min were applauded by Rangers fans after being substituted during Saturday’s friendly between the two clubs. Kane scored twice at Ibrox to seal a 2-1 win over the Scottish Premiership side. The England captain equalised in the five minutes into the second half after Antonio Colak’s opener and then scored again six minutes later. He combined with strike partner Son to fire home the winner. Both stars were replaced around the 75-minute mark and all four sides of Ibrox applauded as they made their way off the pitch. Kane and Son responded by clapping back. Rangers head coach Giovanni van Brockhorst hailed Kane and Spn as being among the ‘top five’ strikers in the world. The Dutchman said in his post-match press conference: “We saw Kane, Son, they are like top five, top six strikers in the world. READ MORE: Rangers 1-2 Tottenham: Five things learned as Conte has Mr Reliable “Not only in attack, but in their transition mode. We coped well but you could still see the quality and when they were subbed off you could see the appreciation of the Rangers fans for that quality.” It comes amid speculation that Bayern Munich want to replace Robert Lewandowski with Kane. Head coach Julian Nagelsmann and CEO Oliver Kahn have both publicly revealed that the Bavarians are keen to sign the 28-year-old. “Kane is very expensive - and that’s the problem. But he’s a brilliant player, one of two or three who can play as a centre forward. In the last couple of years he’s been more of a No 10. But Kane is very strong, brilliant with head and both feet. DON'T MISS...Tottenham boss Conte 'crazy' for Roma star and makes Paratici requestArsenal stalling on Youri Tielemans leaves Leicester star 5 ways outFour strikers Tottenham may target if Kane leaves Conte high and dry “He could score a lot in the Bundesliga. I don’t know the price, but it’s really tough for Bayern Munich. But we’ll see what happens in the future." The comments left Tottenham boss Antonio Conte fuming, with the Italian slamming Bayern for being ‘disrespectful’. Conte did not like that a possible bid for Kane was discussed so publicly. Conte said: “For sure I'm a coach who doesn't talk about players from other teams. I don't know why [this happened]. The situation at Tottenham is very clear. The plan is very clear with the club. Harry is a part of the project. He is a very important part of the project and yeah only rumours. “At the same time I repeat I don't like to speak about players from another club. If I want to do something I go to speak to the club, not through the media. I think maybe it's a bit disrespectful for the other club. This is my way. This is my way to face the situation with other players.”