The UK's public service broadcaster promised to pay charities that were chosen by the Royal Family chosen. BBC officials agreed to pay the "substantial" fee to a fund selected by Prince Harry and Prince William. However, The Sunday Telegraph has reported that more than a year after the BBC agreed to pay "substantial damages" the payments to charities have not occurred.  Victoria Ward, royal correspondent at the Sunday Telegraph, said: "The BBC has not paid the £1.5 million 'guilt' money promised to a charity chosen by the Royal Family in the wake of the Martin Bashir scandal." The funding will now reportedly go to charity of the BBC's choice instead. The payout comes after Lord Dyson found in 2021 that Mr Bashir used "deceitful behaviour" to gain access to Princess Diana. The 1995 Panorama interview was filmed at Kensington Palace.   In the interview Princess Diana described how there were "three of them" in her marriage, in this she was referring to Camilla Parker Bowles. Prince Charles and Diana divorced a year later, having already separated in 1992. Mr Bashir resigned as the BBC's religion editor last May, days before the release of the report by Lord Dyson. The report found that Mr Bashir forged bank statements and lied to persuade the late Princess to sit for the historic interview. Lord Dyson's report also claimed the BBC covered up the scandal for years afterwards.   The Bashir/Diana interview was called "the scoop of the century" after the princess revealed the affair, her bulimia, and her description of a "crowded" marriage to Prince Charles. Lord Dyson's damning report found Mr Bashir told Princess Diana she was being spied on. It also claimed that Mr Bashir told Princess Diana that Prince Charles was having an affair with Tiggy Legge-Bourke, Harry and William's nanny. The revelations from Mr Bashir's interview sent shockwaves across the world. It also saw the Princess being "cast adrift", and left to fend for herself outside the royal circle. Two years later she died in a car crash in a Paris tunnel while being chased by paparazzi.  The BBC has been contacted for a right of reply, but have yet to respond to the request.