Emma Raducanu's new coach, Dmitry Tursunov, has insisted that he will be working tirelessly to improve her game after teaming up with the teenage Brit earlier this week. Raducanu had been without a coach since parting ways with Torben Beltz back in April but has decided to partner with Tursunov as she prepares to defend her US Open title over the coming weeks. Tursunov will be by Raducanu's side when she returns to action next week at the Citi Open in the United States after crashing out of Wimbledon in the second round earlier this month. He is already drawing up a plan of action that he is hoping will aid Raducanu's game and recently insisted that clear communication and the ability to find a common ground is always crucial in any working relationship between a player and their coach."You need to have the other person agree with the process, and you have to find better ways of communicating and getting your point across," said Tursunov in an interview with tennis.com."And, of course, players are quite sensitive. They're one of the best in their fields. It's about showing them they have room to improve." JUST IN: Nadal criticised for 'digusting' traits despite being likeable player Raducanu will be desperately hoping that Tursunov will be able to prove that he is the right coach for her as they get to work over the next few weeks ahead of the US Open, which is set to get underway in late August. She has struggled to find a long-term coaching setup in the months since winning at Flushing Meadows last year and was recently urged to seek out the perfect supporting team by seven-time Grand Slam champion John McEnroe."No one wins a major if they are not a great player and, hopefully, she has belief, but a lot has changed for her since then," said McEnroe following Raducanu's previous split with Beltz. "I’m not close to her. In fact. As a matter of fact, I’ve never spoken to her, I hope to have the opportunity soon because she is obviously a breath of fresh air. She is a very sweet girl, a beautiful girl, and plays great tennis, what’s not to like?"It has been hard to watch her struggling, but I don’t know if she needs time. She needs the right stability and people around her, and I don’t know what’s going on there."You don’t go through a tournament where you don’t lose a single set, and beat some of the top female players, and not be a great player." FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE