Google Pixel 6a preorders have become available today ahead of the budget Android phone's release date next week. And retailers such as Amazon as well as mobile operators like EE are giving away a free pair of Pixel Buds A - worth £99 - to Android fans that get an early order in. This brilliant freebie makes the Pixel 6a - which costs £399 - even better value for money. Anyone hoping to get a free pair of wireless Google Buds when they purchase a Pixel 6a need to act quickly though. This deal runs out at the start of August. If you purchase a Pixel 6a from Amazon UK you'll be able to get a pair of Pixel Buds A either in the Olive colour scheme or the more neutral, all white design. Alternatively, if you head to the EE website you'll be able to get a Pixel 6a and a free pair of Pixel Buds on a contract that costs as low as £27 a month (with a £70 upfront payment). The deal that EE recommends is one that costs £35 a month (with a £30 upfront payment) which offers 10GB of monthly data, unlimited texts and minutes plus six months Apple Music entirely for free. The Pixel 6a is available in Chalk, Charcoal or Sage with this year's budget Android phone packing in plenty of things that made last year's Pixel 6 flagship so appealing. Firstly, unlike the Pixel 5 - which was a phone "made for" an economic downturn as it launched during the early stages of the coronavirus pandemic - the Pixel 6 boasts an eye-catching, premium design. And this has translated to the Pixel 6a range which also features the same distinct rear camera bar that its older sibling has, along with a snazzy two-tone colour scheme on the back panel. Elsewhere, both the Pixel 6 and Pixel 6a are powered by the same Tensor chip so you'll get great performance whichever handset you choose. Tensor is a direct response to Apple's Bionic line which has long powered its iPhones, with Google's CPU having a big focus on AI-powered improvements. Both the Pixel 6 and Pixel 6a also feature OLED displays, dual-camera set ups and 128GB of storage. But there are a few notable differences - firstly, the Pixel 6a's display has a refresh rate of 60Hz compared to the Pixel 6's 90Hz, while the rear camera set-up on the Pixel 6 has much better specs, thanks to its 50MP wide main sensor. The Pixel 6 also has more RAM and supports fast charging whereas the 6a doesn't. But if you're opting for the Pixel 6a then specs won't be the main factor in your purchase. To get the Pixel 6 right now it'll cost you £599 - that's £200 more than the Pixel 6a costs, plus you'll be getting wireless buds worth almost £100 when you pre-order the soon-to-be released handset right now. If you purchase the Pixel 6a then you can rest assured you'll be able to get plenty of use out of it. Google has promised you'll be getting three years worth of Android OS upgrades guaranteed as well as five years worth of security patches.