It will take some time trying to convince a senior colleague of the feasibility of your ideas. You know they will work but they might want to look at all angles before giving their approval. You can’t help feeling they are being too critical. It might seem like suddenly other people aren’t speaking the same language. You aren’t asking a lot of someone but you may have to repeat yourself a few times in order to get their attention and be heard. Use tact when a sensitive topic comes under discussion. Money is tight. As your situation changes, your circumstances regarding benefits you are entitled to change too. Talk to a helpline or advice bureau if you’re seriously struggling to keep on top of everyday expenses. There may be more support available than you realise.  A problem with financial matters that you’ve already given a lot of time to, may once again need sorting out. You know too that this isn’t going to be the end of it. Despite having plenty to do of your own, a friend needs a favour. If this involves a loan, they may have to approach someone else. You won’t want to but you do see the necessity of having another look at your finances before making even a modest purchase. Stretches on the budget could mean less money being spent on family outings, holidays and having fun. There are ways to fill your time without including shopping. Matters you are dealing with now will stretch your knowledge and you might want to look more deeply into a subject that suddenly fascinates you. A neighbour will approach you for your help and you will be surprised about what they are asking from you.  New activity within a group setting will inspire and please you. What you need to be careful about is overdoing your desire to help and support your team. There are some who will begin to take this for granted and what begins as pleasure could turn into pain. A friend who knows you well may have a hand in it but something will be agreed upon today that will make life easier for you in the future. A matter that hasn’t been giving you a lot of happiness will soon be brought to an end, much to your relief. A mixed bag of activities will keep you on the go. With you having so much to do there may be some regret about an unfinished matter you had hoped to wind up today but you can’t do everything and it isn’t as if you won’t accomplish a lot by the end of the day.  A recent argument has been forgiven and forgotten. News you have been hoping for will be received. This will mean you can make plans that should revitalise a close relationship. All you need is a can-do attitude. A deepening mental and emotional rapport is developing between you. Some form of physical exertion could give you the idea or make you realise your health is not all it could be. Since your mood is quite determined, once you decide to begin a new fitness regime, you are likely to stick with it. You might feel someone doesn’t really know what they are talking about and the annoying thing is other people are actually listening to them. This could mean changes to a group project and all of this will be very confusing when you had thought other plans had been agreed on. Do you need to remind others of this? 