Novak Djokovic has been warned that Cameron Norrie isn’t “done yet” ahead of their Wimbledon semi-final. The British No 1 had never made it into the second week of a Gran Slam until this fortnight and overcame David Goffin in five sets to set up a Centre Court showdown with the defending champion. But former WTA world No 1 Caroline Wozniacki has sent Djokovic something of a caution before Friday’s match. Both Djokovic and Norrie battled in five-setters to reach Friday’s semi-final, where the All England Club have got themselves a mouthwatering battle between six-time champion and British No 1 for a spot in the final. It’s the ninth seed’s first-ever appearance in the second week of a Major, and 2018 Australian Open champion Wozniacki has admitted that she doesn’t think Norrie’s run will come to an end just yet. “He has improved so much over the last couple of years and has just made steady progress,” the retired pro told the BBC on Today at Wimbledon. “I love that his coach said 'He wants to get better, I'm here to help him every step of the way as long as he wants it and we have a great atmosphere in the team'. “That's some of the most important things, you have to have a great team around you and a good atmosphere, the belief you can do it.” While she thought the 26-year-old was about to face his toughest test of the tournament, she claimed Norrie had already proven his ability to meet every expectation as she warned Djokovic that his opponent wasn’t ready to end his run in the semi-finals. JUST IN: Djokovic shuts down talk of possible US Open ban after Wimbledon win  Wozniacki continued: “He's been playing phenomenal tennis so far these two weeks. I don't think he's done yet! It doesn't get easier the further you go into the tournament. But with the expectations of British people, it's not easy to play your best tennis here. “At the same time he's just risen to the occasion and has played so well and better and better every single match. I've been extremely impressed with him. Not only is he serving well, he's returning well, he's moving well. He's no slouch.” DON'T MISSNick Kyrgios reacts as Netflix cameras follow Aussie around WimbledonJabeur and Maria break new ground with Wimbledon quarter-final winsWimbledon release statement as Nick Kyrgios faces assault allegations  It will be Norrie’s second meeting with Djokovic after the Kiwi-born Brit made it into last year’s ATP Finals as an alternate, losing to the world No 3 6-2 6-1 in what was his debut at the year-end tournament. But the top-ranked Brit is ready for the challenge. Speaking after beating Goffin 3-6 7-5 2-6 6-3 7-5 he said: “One of the tougher tasks in tennis, but I'm going to have to definitely raise my level and raise my level of focus to have a shot with him.  “I think obviously I have been playing great, but I think there is a lot of things I can do better. I think it's great I get a couple days now to fine-tune a few things and improve on a lot of things and I'm going to be ready for him.”