Garden lawns may be looking a little dry and dusty at the moment due to the recent dry weather. However, despite the temptation to mow them, a gardening expert has warned gardeners not to mow them during “dry spells”. Kate Turner, a gardening expert from Miracle-Gro, also shared the “worst thing to do” to lawns when mowing them. Kate exclusively told Express.co.uk: “The most important thing is, if you’re mowing, raise your mower blades so they’re up high. “Also, if we’ve got dry spells like we’ve got at the moment, I’d stop mowing. “Lift your mower blades up. The worst thing you can do is scalp your lawn because it looks horrible. “That encourages weeds and moss to grow in your lawn. “And don’t leave it for months and then give it a really good mow. READ MORE: Heatwave warning: 'Avoid gardening' for now to help your garden “Have a regular mowing routine and that just helps it thicken up.” Kate described the mowing process has being similar to “pruning”. Pruning, or mowing in this case, encourages grass to branch out. If grass is left to grow it just grows long and straight and spindly. Constantly mowing it means gardeners are pruning it which encourages it to get “bushier and thicker”. Gardeners also don’t need to be watering their lawns, despite the dry weather. DON'T MISSGardening: Job to do in mid-summer for 'stunning' magnolia tree [INSIGHT]How to make homemade weed killer - works on ‘warm and sunny’ days [UPDATE]Gardening 'Easiest way to spruce up' your garden on a budget [ANALYSIS] The grass will grow back healthily in the autumn. But now is a “good time” to give lawns a “good summer feed”. She said: “You don’t need to keep wetting your lawn because it will come back. “I’d use a feed. A really good feed to use at this time of year is a seaweed feed. “But it needs to be watered in. I know I said not to water but if you’re using a feed, water it in. “You can also over-seed your lawn at this time of year as well. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “Basically, just get a pack of grass feed. A super-seed which is a drought-tolerant grass seed as well is a really good one to get. “You just over-seed your existing lawn if it’s a bit thin. “Use a drought-tolerant or a hard-wearing seed mix. Or give your lawn good feed with a seaweed lawn food is a good thing to use. “Don’t overdo it though because you can burn a lawn if you overfeed it. Always read the instructions.”  Kate also shared a “little trick” make lawns look neater. She added: “A really nice little trick just to make the lawn look neater is to cut the edges with edging sheers. Even if you don’t mow your lawn because it’s too dry. “Just cut the edges. Just vies it that nice, clean finished look. Just makes the garden look so much neater, even if you don’t do anything else.”