The rise of monkeypox cases worldwide has prompted WHO to declare a global health emergency. Speaking on ITV's This Morning, Doctor Ellie broke down the implications of this designation and issued important advice to Britons. From the outset, the doc struck a reassuring tone. Britons do not need to "panic", the TV doc said. The WHO designation is designed to trigger a coordinated response to controlling the outbreak, Doctor Ellie explained. The primary aim of the classification is to help unlock funding to collaborate on sharing vaccines and treatments, she noted. WHO is basically saying "it's something we shouldn't ignore", Doctor Ellie said. What's more, the UK is "on the case", the doc added. She cited the vaccination effort, which kicked off at the weekend, and the fact that UK health officials know what to look for and have issued health advice as encouraging signs. Although, she did issue the following public health message: "It's not something we need to worry about but we need to be aware of it." READ MORE: Fears grow as monkeypox rapidly mutates 12 times faster to more infectious variant Crucial to this awareness is to understand how the virus is spread. According to Doctor Ellie, the infection, which is mainly found in west or central Africa, is spread through "very close contact". She busted the misconception swirling around that monkeypox is sexually transmitted. Although the virus is being transmitted almost exclusively among sexually active gay and bisexual men, it is the close contact nature of sex and not the sex itself that is thought to be behind this route of transmission, the doc explained. DON'T MISSEyesight: Drink enjoyed by billions could lead to blindness [ADVICE]Covid: The 'unusual' sign in your mouth to spot [TIPS]Statins: The certain sign around your eyes [INSIGHT] Fortunately, the community of gay and bisexual men are currently being offered vaccinations, Doctor Ellie said. "The smallpox vaccination works against monkeypox," she explained. Although the the infection is only being spread among the gay and bisexual men at present, anyone can get it if they are in close contact with someone who has it, Doctor Ellie warned. Indeed, monkeypox can be passed on from person to person through: READ MORE: Monkeypox: The sign that may 'appear before any other symptoms' - unique to this outbreak According to the NHS, if you get infected with monkeypox, it usually takes between five and 21 days for the first symptoms to appear. The first symptoms of monkeypox include: "A rash usually appears one to five days after the first symptoms. The rash often begins on the face, then spreads to other parts of the body. This can include the genitals and anus," explains the NHS. A new study has uncovered additional symptoms of monkeypox. The study, published in The New England Journal of Medicine, was carried out in response to the emerging global health threat and is the largest case series to date, reporting on 528 confirmed infections at 43 sites between 27 April and 24 June 2022. Many of the infected individuals reviewed in the study presented with symptoms not recognised in current medical definitions of monkeypox. These symptoms include single genital lesions and sores on the mouth or anus. The clinical symptoms are similar to those of sexually transmitted infections (STIs) and can easily lead to misdiagnosis, warned the researchers. In some people, anal and oral symptoms have led to people being admitted to hospital for management of pain and difficulties swallowing. According to the NHS, monkeypox is usually mild and most people recover within a few weeks without treatment. "But, if your symptoms are more severe and you become unwell, you may need treatment in hospital."