Helen Mirren, 76, has spoken about her career after being asked whether or not she likes to watch her own work back. She explained she was “hypercritical” so chose not to, adding that she thought she was “useless” and it makes her feel low. The actress said she was happy to watch her films back, so long as it was at least ten years after the initial release. She explained if she watches it instantly it makes her think she is “terrible” and gets “depressed.” Helen said: “I mean, I can watch it about ten years later. “I’m hypercritical and if I saw anything now. READ MORE: Prince Harry's Nelson Mandela speech questioned by Piers Morgan “I’d think ‘I’m terrible’ and get depressed,” she said. “I think I’m useless and I should never be employed by anyone, so I’ve learnt to try not to put myself through it.” When told by a Radio Times interviewer that she didn’t appear to be insecure, she replied: “Well, I know I’ve found my own way of dealing with it…” Helen also spoke about her significant role portraying Queen Elizabeth II in the 2006 biopic, The Queen. The award-winning actress revealed she received compliments from the monarch about her portrayal. Helen opened up about a letter she received from the Queen, having contacted the reigning monarch after tackling the heavy subject matter. She stated that she wrote to her in order to understand the feelings she experienced accurately. The events of the film showed the Queen navigating Princess Diana’s death in 1997, deciding how best to mark the tragedy. READ MORE... Jeremy Clarkson slams Naga Munchetty's six-figure BBC salary [INSIGHT]Hugh Grant breaks silence on link to Prince Andrew film adaptation [LATEST]Prince Harry’s friend JJ Chalmers spills on Archie during ‘dad chat' [NEWS] It explored the response from the Royal Family as well as the outcry from the general public. Helen added that she was unsure how to address the Queen; whether to begin the letter with madam or your majesty. She explained: “I said, ‘We are doing this film. We are investigating a very difficult time in your life. I hope it’s not too awful for you.’” Helen confessed she was “relieved” to have written that letter. She explained: “She didn’t write back, of course, but her secretary did. You know, ‘Yours sincerely, da di da di da,’ on behalf of the Queen.” The biopic proved to be a huge success for Mirren as she received an Oscar for Best Actress in 2006. She had also taken home a BAFTA award for Actress in a leading role, alongside the entire cast as The Queen also won Best Film.