Millions of people are actually exempt from paying NHS prescription charges because they are on DWP benefits. Depending on how much they earn, they could save £9.35 per item or more than £100 a year via a Pre-Payment Certificate (PPC). While NHS prescriptions were held at £9.35 per item in England this year it’s a cost that many people could do without. However, nearly 90 percent of the population qualify for free prescriptions. Prescription charges are waived for people on certain benefits like Universal Credit and Jobseeker’s Allowance if they earn less than a certain amount. It also depends on whether the claimant has responsibility for one or more children. READ MORE: Inflation hits 40 year high of 9.4% as pensioners struggle to get by Which DWP benefits qualify for free prescriptions? People are entitled to free NHS prescriptions if the annual family income used to work out tax credits is £15,276 or less and they receive either: DON'T MISSState pension age change sees Britons lose £142 per week [ALERT]Buy £2,750 of state pension for just £800 [INSIGHT]Why your £650 cost of living payment may not have arrived yet [UPDATE]Big change to National Insurance means millions will earn more in July [ALERT] Some Universal Credit claimants also qualify for this help towards prescription costs. Typically, applicants who earn £435 or less, or £935 if they have responsibility for a child, should be entitled to free prescriptions. Currently, over 60s are also entitled to free NHS prescriptions in England, although this could change, if a proposal goes ahead. Government proposals to raise the qualifying age from 60 to 66 would result in millions of older Britons having to fork out for medical costs in the future if they get the green light. READ MORE: Savings provider offers ‘top of market’ account with 2.15 interest People who don’t qualify for free prescriptions can save money by buying a Pre-Payment Certificate no matter what their income. How many prescriptions they have per month affects how much they could save:  Britons also qualify for free prescriptions if they suffer from illnesses like cancer, epilepsy and diabetes. In total, 15 groups of illnesses qualify. Those with a qualifying illness should be sent a medical exemption certificate through the post by the NHS. Alternatively, they can go to the NHS website to find out more.