Barcelona are open to loaning out Frenkie de Jong this summer, according to reports. Manchester United have reportedly been turned down the player, but that hasn’t stopped the Red Devils from eyeing an audacious deal. A fee between the two clubs has been agreed but, apparently, the 25-year-old would rather head to Bayern Munich or Chelsea instead. Manchester United’s pursuit of De Jong continues to play out. It’s been a relatively productive transfer window for the Red Devils so far, who have brought in Tyrell Malacia, Lisandro Martinez and Christian Eriksen as they seek an improved campaign. But after spending over 80 days chasing De Jong, the Netherlands international would certainly be the cherry on top of the cake. Erik ten Hag previously managed the 25-year-old at Ajax, with the pair winning the Eredivisie title together that year while also helping the Dutch side reach the semi-finals of the Champions League against the odds. On Thursday, it emerged United may try and sign De Jong on loan even though they’ve agreed to pay an initial £63million to bring the Netherlands international to the Premier League. And Sport say Barcelona are open to temporarily cutting the player loose. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative The Catalan giants owe De Jong millions in deferred wages after the midfielder agreed to take a pay cut at the start of the coronavirus pandemic in March 2020. And it’s stated the midfielder’s salary is set to rise due to a clause in his current deal. Barcelona have no intention of coughing up the full amount of money they owe the former Ajax star, who has often struggled under the likes of Xavi, Ronald Koeman, Quique Setien and Ernesto Valverde throughout his time in Catalonia. So they’re now open to loaning out De Jong because, if another club took on his wages for a year, that would allow them to register their new signings. Raphinha, Robert Lewandowski, Franck Kessie and Andreas Christensen have all arrived from Leeds, Bayern Munich, AC Milan and Chelsea respectively. And Barcelona would put a clause into any loan agreement that would allow potential suitors to sign De Jong permanently for £67m next year. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong The problem for United is, though, that De Jong remains reluctant to come. It’s stated he’s told Ten Hag he doesn’t want a reunion this summer, believing the Red Devils are a far cry from the elite club they used to be under Sir Alex Ferguson. De Jong also wants to play in the Champions League, something United can’t offer him after finishing sixth in the Premier League table last term. And he apparently has two preferences when it comes to his next club. De Jong would be open to moving to Germany with Bayern Munich, who have recently snapped up his close friend and former Ajax team-mate Matthijs de Ligt. Whether the Bundesliga giants would have the finances required is unclear, however, after spending big on both De Ligt and Sadio Mane this summer. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. They’ve also raided Ajax for Ryan Gravenberch and Noussair Mazraoui, too. And the report also says De Jong would be open to joining Chelsea, who can offer him the chance to play in Europe’s top-tier club competition next term. What ultimately happens remains to be seen. But De Jong’s days at Barcelona look numbered and the fact he’s been used as a centre-back during pre-season doesn’t bode well for his future. La Liga president Javier Tebas, meanwhile, has insisted De Jong can’t be bullied or forced into taking a pay cut to stay at the Nou Camp. “The players cannot be split from the team or pressured - it’s what collective agreement, the Law, reason, ethics say,” he said. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “From there, Barcelona knows the rules and the responsibilities.” And he added: “They know what they have to do - I think that they still have a bit of work to do but they are on the right track. “Ask FC Barcelona. I can say that they know the rules well and they are well aware of what they have to do. They still need to do it, but there is still some time. “They have sold 10 per cent of their TV rights for €207m. Then they increased that share to 25% which I think gives them some €350m more. “That would be €500m and I think they have another, third lever that of around €200m. With that and if they manage to get some players to leave, this explains the possibility of these signings. “They have been able to sell assets, which was something they needed to do, and to reduce salaries – that’s what allows them to sign.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here