Rafael Nadal has said he could return to hitting downstrokes from next week despite withdrawing from Wimbledon with an abdomen injury, but he does not think he'll be fully fit again for as long as four weeks. The Spaniard struggled through his quarter-final victory against Taylor Fritz after tearing his abdomen midway through the second set and will play no further part in the tournament. Nadal placed doubt on his participation in Friday’s scheduled semi-final against Nick Kyrgios during his post-match interview after defeating Fritz. The 36-year-old spent Thursday hitting on the Aorangi Park courts away from the press and the public. His serve had affected him during his victory over the American on Wednesday. And The Times claims that Nadal spent his practice session trying a new serving motion in a bid to overcome the pain. However, it was not working and Nadal decided later on Thursday to pull out of the tournament. He then told a press conference that he could be back hitting groundstrokes within a week. And he added: "My hope is in three to four weeks will allow me to do my normal calendar. In one week I will be able to play from baseline without serving. That's a positive thing." JUST IN: Nadal told to set US Open goal as Spaniard confirms Wimbledon exit It would have been impossible for him to take on Kyrgios on Friday, though. The Australian is through to Sunday’s final after receiving a walkover. "I have to pull out from the tournament. As everybody saw yesterday I have been suffering with the pain in the abdominal,” Nadal, who does not think his injury is long-term, added in a press conference confirming his withdrawal. The 22-times Grand Slam champion felt that he was unable to compete to his best ability and spent most of Thursday mulling over the decision to pull out. DON'T MISS...Rafael Nadal retirement theory raised due to Wimbledon injuryRafael Nadal injury update as Wimbledon star hides from spotlightNadal injury latest: What we learned from private practice session   He continued: "For respect to myself, in some way, I don't want to go out there not be competitive enough to play at the level that I need to play to achieve my goal, and big chance to make the things much worse. I felt that playing at the level I was playing probably I will have a chance." Kyrgios is the first player to receive a walkover into the Wimbledon final in the Open Era. the Aussie will play either Novak Djokovic or Britain’s Cameron Norrie in Sunday’s showpiece event on centre court. Djokovic and Norrie contest their semi-final on Friday.  