Frontrunner for the Conservative leadership Liz Truss has got the backing from prominent Tory ministers Jacob Rees-Mogg and Nadine Dorries. Speaking to BBC News, Nadine Dorries said: "She's been in Cabinet now for some time. "We're very aware that she's probably a stronger Brexiteer than both of us. "She has consistently argued for low-tax policies. Referring to Boris Johnson's landslide 80-seat majority in 2019, she added: "And I'm particularly concerned for the 14 million people who voted for a manifesto and voted for a Government that the candidate that we select - and for me, it's Liz who I am going to back - will continue with these manifesto promises and will continue to deliver for the government and for the Conservative Party moving forward."  Mr Rees-Mogg, Brexit Opportunities Minister, joined Ms Dorries in endorsing Ms Truss as candidate for the Conserative leadership contest. He said: "Yes, I'm also going to be backing Liz Truss. "As Nadine said, I think she's a stronger Brexiteer than either of us and that's really important. "She has been my strongest supporter in the Cabinet in getting Brexit Opportunities." In a slapdown at former Chancellor Rishi Sunak who is also running for Prime Minister, Mr Rees-Mogg said: "When we discuss taxation, Liz was always opposed to Rishi's higher taxes. That again is proper conservatism. "And I think she's got the character to lead the party and the nation."  When asked whether Liz Truss is the stop-Rishi candidate, Mr Rees-Mogg said: "Liz Truss is the best candidate. "That's what we're working for. She's a proper eurosceptic. She will deliver for the voters. "And she believes in low taxation. Ms Dorries jumped in, adding: "And she's a woman." READ MORE: Truss secures major double-Cabinet endorsement for takeover Mr Jacob's comments come a few days after he told Sky News' Sophy Ridge the next Prime Minister must be a firm believer in Brexit and committed to following through with bold decisions. However, the now ardent Brexiteer has not always supported the Leave campaign. Liz Truss was forced to justify her remain vote she casted back in the 2016 Brexit referendum when she campaigned for the UK to remain in the EU for the benefit of her daughters. "I don’t want my daughters to grow up in a world where they need a visa or permit to work in Europe; or where they are hampered from growing a business because of extortionate call costs and barriers to trade," she said during the referendum campaign. DON'T MISS:Tory leadership: Shock new Brexiteer poised to announce bid [REVEAL]Tory hopefuls spark hilarity with cringe-worthy campaign videos [VIDEO]Tory Party: Damian Green demands 'next PM has to be Tugendhat' [REPORT] In an interview with The Telegraph, she admitted she has a major regret about her vote. She said: "If I could go back to 2016, I would vote to leave. "What I’ve seen in both my job in trade and my role as Foreign Secretary is the new freedom and impetus that having an independent trade policy and independent foreign policy has enabled us to do." For now, Liz Truss sits behind lead frontrunner Rishi Sunak and Penny Mordaunt, according to Betfair Exchange. READ NEXT:Next Prime Minister: When will know who is the next PM?Liz Truss and Rishi Sunak's Tory leadership bids ALREADY in tattersTax cuts, economy & 'clean start': What are Tory hopefuls promising?Liz Truss' swipe at Royal Family UNEARTHED as she sided with Lib DemsHave Your Say: Is Brexit safe after Boris's exit?