Lewis Hamilton could have won the Hungarian Grand Prix without qualifying issues on Saturday, according to Toto Wolff. The seven-time champion was struck with DRS problems in qualifying which left him just seventh on the grid as Russell stormed to pole. However, Hamilton stormed through the field at the end of the race on soft tyres to secure P2 for the second weekend running. When asked if Hamilton could have stolen the win with a better qualifying session, Wolff claimed it was definitely an option. He said: “Where Lewis came from is unbelievable. He was a little bit in the shadow nobody really looked at him and suddenly he was banging in times quicker than the leaders. In qualifying, if we hadn't of failed the DRS yesterday, who knows I think we would have had a fun fight at the front for the victory.” He added: “Lewis in Budapest that’s a success story and I think he lost that race yesterday.” READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton perplexed as Coulthard spots something after Hungary HP After the chequered flag, Hamilton also admitted he could have fought for victory if he had enjoyed a clean weekend. He explained: “​​If we had had a bit of a better qualifying yesterday, if the DRS was ok we would have been in the run for the win but two seconds in a row I am really, really happy.” However, Wolff added he did not want his team to celebrate yet despite picking up one of their best results of the season. Russell ending third makes this the team’s second double podium finish of the year just a week on from their first in France. Wolff explained: “I think we need to stay humble and look race weekend to race weekend. DON'T MISSGeorge Russell makes honest admission after first F1 win evades him [INSIGHT]Max Verstappen 'lucky' with Red Bull problems at Hungarian GP [COMMENT]Helmut Marko takes dig at Sergio Perez again with Verstappen comment [ANALYSIS] "Try and learn and experiment, it’s a long shot for a championship this year so in a way we are in a situation where we can try stuff,. Which we’ve done on Friday, to put us in a situation where we can actually fight for wins at the end of the season.” Hamilton was in a more buoyant mood after the race as he fired a warning to Red Bull and Ferrari for the second half of the season. He added: "I really want to acknowledge my team who have pushed and never given up in this tough year so far. To be on the podium, for both cars to be on the podium twice, it is pretty special for us and really unlucky for George today. "The others guys still have a bit of an edge but we are clearly closing the gap and this is just an amazing way to go into the break knowing that we have this performance. Hopefully we can bring some more into the second part of the season and starting fighting with the guys up front."