Xur is back in Destiny 2 with the vendor heading to a new spot to sell his selection of rare Exotics. Xur will be returning to Destiny 2 on Friday July 15 and will be setting up shop in a new location. Xur is expected to be available at the new Destiny 2 location from around 6pm UK time today. Express.co.uk will update this article once the new Xur location in Destiny 2 has been discovered. Last time around Xur was found at the EDZ in the Winding Cove on a cliff. And if you're wondering here's what Xur had in stock then... The Queenbreaker, Felwinter's Helm, Stronghold, and Wormhusk Crown The arrival of Xur in Destiny 2 once again comes as Guardians prepare for a new seasonal event starting next week. As revealed in This Week at Bungie, the Solstice event will be returning in Destiny 2 next week. Speaking about the upcoming seasonal event the Destiny 2 makers said: "Next week, we are kicking off our summer Seasonal event, Solstice. The fun begins on July 19. Expect new summer festival inspired decorations in the Tower, a major revamp to the Solstice EAZ activity and a brand-new armour upgrading experience. Additionally, we’re debuting the first Event Card, a new way to engage in our events." In case you're wondering, here's a summary to of what to expect from the new Destiny 2 event... EVENT CARD SUMMARY Solstice is launching with the Event Card to organize objectives and help guide players on what they can do during the event The Event Card is available for free for all players. View your Event Card by... Interacting with Eva Levante in the Tower. Or via the Quests tab (right next to Seasonal Challenges). The Event Card consists of Event Challenges, Event Seals and titles, and Upgraded Event Card Rewards. Note the free events you know and love will remain the same, and some of the free rewards are now claimed via the Event Card (upgrade not required). Completing Event Challenges earns players event-related rewards and Event Tickets. Players can upgrade their Event Card for 1000 Silver to unlock: An instant claimable reward bundle. The ability to spend Event Tickets for more rewards. Not sure you’ll earn enough Event Tickets? No problem—Tickets are earned even if you haven’t upgraded your card, and the Event Card can be upgraded any time while the event is active. Note Event Tickets must be spent before Solstice ends on August 9! Upgraded Event Card rewards will be exclusively obtained through their event in the year they launch but could be added to the Eververse store in the future.