Fred Sirieix, 50, has travelled the world with chefs Gordon Ramsay and Gino D'Acampo to film the trio's hit Road Trip series. His co-star Gordon has never been afraid to rage furiously on-screen if something doesn't match up to his exacting standards - and now Fred has admitted that his friend has exactly the same demeanour off-camera. Admitting that the star is "volatile", Fred told us: "Gordon is Gordon - what you see is what you get!" "Just like what you see on the TV. Exactly like that!" he added. Fred continued: "[I argue with him] all the time, over the most trivial things! "About a burger that's too salty or not salty enough, about onions that are not chopped finely enough, stupid s*** like that." READ NOW: Christine McGuinness' pals begged her to leave Paddy The Celebrity Gogglebox star, who debuted on the show last week with fiancée Fruitcake, admitted that Gordon has the same attitude "with everybody, [including] me and Gino". Though he might not always be safe from his fiery retorts, Fred insisted that the pair have a strong friendship and "a lot of fun". He counts the roadtrip the trio enjoyed in the USA among his favourite travelling memories, even though he has had a penchant for adventures abroad ever since his early 20s. First Dates host Fred believes he is the polar opposite of passionately fiery Gordon, describing his own demeanour as "easygoing". "I'm happy to experience people, cultures, experiences, and just go for the ride," he said while reminiscing on the foodie road trip they'd had together. "I'm happy to just do that. I think it's a great way, a great source of enjoyment, never-ending in fact." Speaking of his passion for food, he added: "[It] is about the pleasure of the senses. "I have three meals a day and three times a day I have pleasure. I cannot do without. DON'T MISS... Andy Murray’s wife branded 'class act' for supporting Deborah James [UPDATE] Fiona Bruce's 'toughest interview' as Lord Sugar shouted and swore [DEBATE] Fred Sirieix addresses 'trivial' food fights with Gordon Ramsay [EXCLUSIVE] "It's so important for me, it's my daily ritual!" He noted that he hugely enjoyed the diversity of the gastronomy in the USA that he experienced with Gordon and Gino. "[The USA] is more of a mixture, a melting pot of cuisine depending on where you go," he mused. "If you're in LA or San Fran or New York, gastronomy is very different." Meanwhile Fred has exacting standards of his own, insisting that his food has to be served at "the right temperature" and be presented well. "It's gotta be right because I get so much pleasure from it," he declared. His top destination to take a fellow foodie on a date would be Paris, as he believes its reputation as "the sexiest city in the world" is well deserved - and that the choice of food is excellent. His recent adventures in the city have seen him soak up the atmosphere of tango dancing at the Opera House, after enjoying a seafood meal.