Strictly star and boxing champion Nicola Adams, 39, has announced she and girlfriend Ella Baig, 24, have welcomed their baby boy. The couple suffered immense heartache when their first attempt at IVF ended in a miscarriage - but they celebrated their “instant love and strongest bond” with their little one today. The delighted new parents posted a selfie from the hospital as Ella, who carried their bundle of joy, celebrated giving birth along with a sweet snap of their little one’s feet. “We are so excited to announce to the world that @babyadamsadventures has arrived,” they penned in a joint post, tagging the tot’s Instagram account. “The first moment we laid eyes on you we felt an instant love and the strongest bond,” they continued. “We went to the moon and back to get you and we can’t wait to spend the rest of our lives watching you grow”. READ MORE: 'Not fun' Joan Collins, 89, rushed to hospital in Monaco Nicola’s fellow Strictly stars rushed to congratulate her on the special news. Johannes Radebe wrote: “Congratulations,” alongside a love heart eyes emoji. Janette Manara replied: “Congratulations!” with a champagne toast emoji. Fleur East penned: “Ahhhh congratulations!!! Welcome to the world baby!” Earlier this year, Nicola and Ella announced their joyful pregnancy news on Instagram alongside a stunning black and white photo of the parents-to-be kissing. Nicola has also spoken in greater detail about their journey in British Vogue Magazine, revealing that the egg Ella was carrying was hers. "We decided that Ella would carry the baby, that we’d use my egg, and find a sperm donor that resembled Ella," she explained. “The main hurdle was not knowing as much about IVF as we do now." DON'T MISS...Rosie Huntington-Whiteley wows in figure-hugging dress at Wimbledon [PICTURES]Carol Kirkwood sets record straight on mystery fiancé and his proposal [COMMENT]Graham Norton 'marries' mystery partner in lavish ceremony  [NEWS] She also confessed that the couple had struggled due to the effects of her girlfriend's then-undiagnosed health problems. “Unbeknownst to us, Ella went through her first rounds of IVF with an underactive thyroid which can dramatically impact the chances of having a healthy pregnancy," she continued. “Then, a few months ago, we found out that Ella was pregnant again. “She’s now in her second trimester. I’m so happy, but it’s also been emotional." She added: "We were worried about getting too excited because we’d miscarried before, but I think it’s really important that we try to enjoy it rather than dwelling on what could go wrong." Determined to end stigma for lesbian couples hesitating over whether they should take the plunge and start their own families in a world that can often seem unsupportive, Nicola concluded: "We hope that at least one person finds solace in our story. "If you’re a same-sex couple going through this chapter of your lives, know that you’re not alone.” Sands 0808 164 3332 sands.org.uk offers free support to anyone affected by the loss of a baby through stillbirth or neonatal death. You can call the helpline or email helpline@sands.org.uk The website also has an online forum where you can speak to people who have suffered similar experiences and a list of support groups so you can find the one closest to you. Sands 0808 164 3332 sands.org.uk offers free support to anyone affected by the loss of a baby through stillbirth or neonatal death. You can call the helpline or email helpline@sands.org.uk The website also has an online forum where you can speak to people who have suffered similar experiences and a list of support groups so you can find the one closest to you