Speaking to Kay Burley in Westminster for Sky News, Suella Braverman said she was the only remaining candidate in the Tory leadership race who is “honest about the solution to fixing illegal migration”. Having successfully made it through to the second round of voting after achieving the confidence of 32 MPs, Ms Braverman said she is looking forward to the upcoming TV debates, where she believes her authenticity will stand her in good stead against the other candidates. However, she will have to survive today’s second round of voting, which will see the contender with the fewest votes eliminated from the contest at 3pm, as backers of Liz Truss make calls for her to forfeit her contention and "unite the right" behind the foreign secretary.    Ms Braverman said: “It’s been a remarkable week and the events of the last week have been astonishing. “I think last week, when we really saw the collapse of the Government, by the end of Wednesday it became inevitable and undeniable that we would be entering into a search for a new leader. “I believe I am the only authentic Brexiteer to continue with Brexit promises contained in our 2019 manifesto to deliver on our pledges. “And, importantly, I am the only candidate standing today who is honest about the solution to fixing illegal migration, namely the small boats crossing the English Channel.”    Ms Braverman insisted today she would not abandon her leadership campaign and said she was looking forward to the TV debates. Her campaign team believes that getting her into the debates, due to begin on Friday night, is key to her chances. The attorney general, who came last of the six successful first-round candidates yesterday with just two votes to spare, said: "We are in this to win it." She said her plan to leave the European Convention on Human Rights and be "fearless in the fight for common sense values" were popular with voters. READ MORE: Tory leadership election first round analysis - winners and losers [INSIGHT]   But allies of Liz Truss have urged Ms Braverman and Kemi Badenoch to abandon their leadership bids to help boost support for the foreign secretary. A senior Truss supporter said there was a need to "unite the right" amid fears that an overload of right-wing candidates would pave the way for the likes of Rishi Sunak to dominate the race. Backers of Ms Braverman and Ms Badenoch should "recognise the reality of the situation", the source said. Rishi Sunak and Penny Mordaunt are currently leading the contest with a combined total of more than 150 votes from MPs. DON'T MISS: Tory leadership LIVE: Huge blow to Rishi as arch-Brexiteer backs Truss [LIVE] Fabricant highlights exactly why MPs so terrified of Mordaunt [INSIGHT] Penny Mordaunt strong favourite for PM – ‘would slaughter Labour’ [REVEAL]    All eyes will be on Thursday's ballot after the exit of former health secretary Jeremy Hunt and Chancellor Nadhim Zahawi, as the remaining candidates jostle for votes from party colleagues. Strong opinion polling buoyed Ms Mordaunt's campaign, pushing her into the status of bookmakers' favourite to become the next Tory leader and prime minister. Ms Mordaunt is tipped at nearly 58 percent to win the contest, according to the latest data from Oddschecker, while Rishi Sunak is a distant second at 21.3 percent. Suella Braverman, however, is languishing in last place, according to the bookies, with just a one percent chance of winning. Should she fail to improve upon her first-round performance, she will be eliminated from the leadership race this afternoon. READ NEXT: POLL: Who do you want to win Tory leadership race and be next PM?Tory candidates' key policies: what are they promising?Tory leadership: 'Anti-woke' candidates slammed by Tory MPPenny Mordaunt favoured as next PM – ‘Has what it takes’New PM MUST use Brexit freedoms to cut taxes - Braverman  