Gabby Logan, 49, saw herself at the centre of rumours in 2011 that accused her of having an affair with former footballer and fellow pundit Alan Shearer. The BBC Sport star's comments on the issue in 2011 have been unearthed ahead of her hosting stint for the UEFA Women's EURO England 2022 tournament. Gabby has openly discussed the tumultuous time in her relationship her with husband, former Scottish rugby player Kenny Logan. Gabby and Kenny have now been married for 21 years, and at the time the false claims started circulating, they had been together for 10 years. The pair share twins Reuben and Lois together who they welcomed in 2005. However, the unwanted attention from the media and the public put a strain on Gabby’s marriage, meaning she eventually “had to act”. She revealed: "In the end, though, it got so bad we had to act. Gabby continued: “I kept thinking about my kids. "They are six now, too young to be able to tap my name into the internet. “But that day isn't too far away,” the presenter told The Daily Mail in 2011. Gabby and Kenny had previously faced hurdles together, with the couple going through a "stressful" time before conceiving their children. Gabby has been open about her difficulties getting pregnant and explained how Kenny supported her through her IVF treatment. Speaking in the second series of the fertility podcast Making Babies earlier this year, Gabby recounted her experience. She told podcast host Andrea Byrne: "It was probably three years from trying naturally to having IVF. DON'T MISS...Michael Parkinson enjoys rare public appearance with wife at Wimbledon [PICS]Anita Dobson reacts to critics after flashing legs distracts viewers [COMMENT]Jennifer Lopez showcases sizzling bikini snaps for JLo brand [INSTAGRAM] "The whole process of the IVF was stressful, we treated it like a sports schedule. I was trying to see it as a treatment almost." During the treatment, Gabby suffered a miscarriage scare while Kenny was away. The sports commentator revealed how she initially believed the pregnancy had terminated at the time. She said: "Then on how many days after I was supposed to be getting a blood test, I bled that day and I decided that was it and I wasn't having a baby. "Kenny was in Glasgow and wasn't able to come with me. "The doctor said go and get your blood test done anyway. "I woke up and there was blood but there was enough for me to decide that was it." She added: "But we found out that I was pregnant and I didn't have a miscarriage."