In the past Kylie has joked that it takes a “team” of people for her to look like the way she does but when probed further for details of her health and wellbeing regime she revealed three essential rules that she follows in order to achieve glowing skin and the food and drink she uses daily in order to help “transform your life.” Having battled breast cancer and been given the all clear by doctors back in 2005, Kylie shared that “cancer changed many things forever”. Providing her with a different perspective on the world, the star also never takes her health for granted, and actively uses particular lifestyle habits to keep her health in check. Back in 2021 when asked about her skin care routine, Kylie replied: “This is going to sound like a boring infomercial but my tips would be sunblock, cleanse with a cloth, like a muslin cloth and I always take my makeup off; I’ve been wearing makeup for work for a long, long time.” In addition to good quality skincare and trips to the dermatologist, Kylie also explained the importance of tea, and the role it plays in her everyday routine.  DON'T MISS: Micky Dolenz health: 'I’d have taken better care of myself' Star on his health woes age 77  “I'm hyperglycemic... and now you can get all these amazing desserts that are made with avocado, almond bake, zucchini... I love it!” The NHS states that hyperglycaemia is where the level of sugar in an individual's blood is far too high. Commonly affecting individuals who have diabetes, the condition can be serious if it is left untreated. Although there is no evidence to suggest that Kylie has diabetes herself, having the condition would explain why she is so conscious about what she drinks and eats. In addition the star also shared that she doesn’t “overdo it” when it comes to exercise, preferring Pilates and walking instead of running.  Hyperglycaemia can develop very gradually and various symptoms may only start when blood sugar levels get very high. Common symptoms can include: It is defined by Diabetes.co.uk that individuals classify as having high blood sugar when blood glucose levels greater than 7.0 mmol/L (126 mg/dl) when fasting and blood glucose levels greater than 11.0 mmol/L (200 mg/dl) two hours after meals. At this stage, high blood sugar levels can start to cause damage to internal organs. Although the condition is more common in people who have diabetes, nondiabetic hyperglycemia can develop as a result of major illness or injury or over a longer period of time due to a chronic disease.  Whether an individual has diabetes or not, it is important that they take measures in order to lower their high blood sugar. There are various ways in which individuals can do this, including: For those who leave hyperglycemia untreated, both short-term and long-term complications can arise. Short-term complications can include ketoacidsosis. Ketoacidosis is a dangerous complication that mainly affects people with type 1 diabetes but can also affect some people with type 2 diabetes that are dependent on insulin. In the long-term, organ damage can occur, which can then lead to health problems that are commonly referred to as the long term complications of diabetes. Damage to arteries may also increase your risk for heart attack and stroke and nerve damage can lead to other heart, stomach, and nerve problems. 