England women will be on the hunt for their first major trophy this month as host nation of Euro 2022. The Lionesses are among the favourites to land silverware and are set to open the tournament when they go head-to-head with Austria on Wednesday night. England were runners-up at the first women’s European Championships in 1984 as they lost a two-legged final to Sweden following a penalty shootout after the second match. And they experienced further final heartache at Euro 2009 when they were thumped 6-2 by Germany in the decider. But England are now one of the best teams in the world and have been in fine form this year, with Sarina Wiegman's side winning their last six matches and racking-up 30 goals in the process. And that run culminated in a 4-0 friendly victory over Switzerland last week in their final warm-up match before the tournament as Wiegman admitted her team were “in a very good place.” The Lionesses are now set to embark on clashes with Austria, Norway and Northern Ireland in Group A of Euro 2022 as the side look to finally taste glory in a major competition. And Express Sport gives fans the lowdown on how they can watch the hotly-anticipated opener. READ MORE: Frenkie de Jong may already have Haaland issue as he plans arrival    When is England vs Austria? England take on Austria on Wednesday, July 6, with the match getting underway at 8pm at Manchester United’s Old Trafford stadium. What TV channel and live stream is showing the England vs Austria match? England vs Austria will be free to watch as it is set to be broadcast on BBC One. It will also be streamed live on the BBC iPlayer. The BBC coverage will start at 7pm and will be presented by Gabby Logan, with Alex Scott, Fara Williams and Arsenal manager Jonas Eidevall on pundit duty. Robyn Cowen and Rachel Brown Finnis will be commentating on the match. DON'T MISS: Man Utd 'open' to Cristiano Ronaldo transfer due to Erik ten Hag (TRANSFERS)Chelsea Cristiano Ronaldo talks 'continue' but Tuchel could veto raid (NEWS)Cristiano Ronaldo’s four demanded signings for Man Utd examined (ANALYSIS)   The England squad Goalkeepers: Mary Earps (Manchester United), Hannah Hampton (Aston Villa), Ellie Roebuck (Manchester City) Defenders: Millie Bright (Chelsea), Lucy Bronze (Manchester City), Jess Carter (Chelsea), Rachel Daly (Houston Dash), Alex Greenwood (Manchester City), Demi Stokes (Manchester City), Lotte Wubben-Moy (Arsenal) Midfielders: Fran Kirby (Chelsea), Jill Scott (Aston Villa, loan from Manchester City), Georgia Stanway (Manchester City), Ella Toone (Manchester United), Keira Walsh (Manchester City), Leah Williamson (Arsenal) Forwards: Bethany England (Chelsea), Lauren Hemp (Manchester City), Chloe Kelly (Manchester City), Beth Mead (Arsenal), Nikita Parris (Arsenal), Alessia Russo (Manchester United), Ellen White (Manchester City) 