Kris Marshall left the BBC show in 2017 when his awkward yet loveable character decided to leave Saint Marie to be with his love Martha Lloyd (played by Sally Bretton) back in the UK. Now, Death in Paradise fans will be able to see how his life has panned out in spin-off Beyond Paradise, which the actor spoke about on The One Show last week.  Speaking to hosts Roman Kemp and Ronan Keating, Kris revealed that the plans for a branch-off of Death in Paradise had been in the talks for a while but was stopped due to covid. He said: “The brilliant Tony Jordan wrote a couple of scripts and we got the spin-off. “It’s very similar in its vein, the main themes are the same but it is very unique as well.” The actor told viewers that the series will be filmed in Cornwall in the South West of England and it’ll still be paradise but of a different kind.   Roman asked Kris if there were any famous faces joining the cast that viewers can expect to see in the spin-off. He teased: “Well apart from myself, none as of yet but watch this space!” Prying to get more information out of the tight-lipped star, Ronan wanted to know if he was able to share any information on the storylines. Kris said: “We’re basically following Humphrey and his girlfriend Martha’s journey as they move in with the mother-in-law down in the South West.   “His new role is as the detective inspector of the local constabulary, lots of fun.” In an appearance on Lorraine back in 2020, the actor revealed that he decided to leave the BBC show as his son was becoming “too Caribbean”. He said: “After doing four great years on Guadeloupe, the island where we filmed Death in Paradise, I realised I really had to get my son to school. "He was becoming a bit too Caribbean… He refused to wear shoes, he would only drink coconut water and eat pineapple. "He was very good on the beach but not so good with maths and English. I decided it was time to get him back to school, so the show had to go.”    Although the BBC is yet to announce the full cast, it's revealed that Sally will be reprising her role as Martha in the six-part spin-off. A synopsis for the upcoming series reads: "Seeking a quieter life away from the stress of the city, Humphrey has taken a job as Detective Inspector in fiancée Martha’s hometown. "However, they soon find that country life is anything but peaceful and Humphrey can’t help but be distracted by the town’s surprisingly high crime rate with a new, and very different, case challenging him each week." Previously, Kris spoke about Beyond Paradise and shared his excitement to reprise his role of DI Humphreys five years on.   He said: “I had the best time playing Humphrey out in Guadeloupe, and whilst I was delighted that he got his happy ending with Martha, I always wanted to know what happened next. “So it’s a joy to be putting his crumpled jacket back on and seeing how life has panned out for him back in the UK." Although there is yet to be a confirmed release date for the series, it’s believed that it will air on BBC One in the UK and streaming service Britbox in America, sometime in 2023. Death in Paradise is available to watch on BBC iPlayer. 