The man, who owns one car, struggles to park outside his house as his neighbours own seven cars and take up all the space. Despite asking them on several occasions to allow him room to park outside his house, the neighbours have not been compliant. The man took to Reddit in search of advice, reports Birmingham Live. He wrote: "I have been fighting with my neighbour for years over parking. "Me and my housemate own two vehicles. My neighbour owns 7. "Our house has the worst parking. We only have a one-car driveway, the other cars on the street have two-car driveways, and the neighbour has a three-car driveway. "However, we do have parking available at our fence line, which is directly in front of our house. "The house across the street also has parking at their fence line as well. "My housemate will usually get the driveway and I park at the fence. "Because our neighbour has so many vehicles they constantly park their vehicles at our fence line. "They often park, taking up the whole fence line, and I will often not have a spot to park. "Our neighbours also park right behind our driveway, and in the middle of the street, blocking whoever is in the driveway and even at the fence in. "This has been happening for years. "We have gone to the neighbours several times asking them over and over to leave at least ONE spot in front of our fence open for us to park. Just one. "When we ask the neighbour gets all defensive and yells that she can park wherever she wants to and there's nothing we will do about it. "We have tried to reason with the neighbours. We have put signs on the fence asking them not to park. Nothing works. "They take up all the spaces, sometimes block us in. "We have also seen them park at our fence while leaving their driveway empty. "I work nights sometimes. I get home at 10 (at the earliest). Sometimes I won't get home until 1 or 2 in the morning. I don't want to park two blocks away and walk to my house. "I don't want to park down the street. "I can't park across the street as that neighbour will post notes telling us she will tow the vehicle. "So recently I got home after a night shift and low and behold, I had nowhere to park. They had all the spots in front of my fence taken. "I didn't want to park behind my housemate because they worked at 5am and I didn't want to block them in. "So I parked in the only place I could, behind their 3 vehicles. They saw me do it. They said nothing. "About an hour later they got in their car to leave and laid on their horn. Waking everyone up and setting the dogs off. "They then started texting me telling me if I didn't move my car immediately they would call the cops on me and get my car towed." He continued: "I am over it and running out of patience. We have pictures of them blocking our cars into our driveway. We have them parking in front of a city 'no parking' sign. "We have pictures of them taking up all our spots and having an empty driveway. "We even got a ticket once because they parked an 'abandoned vehicle' in front of our house and we got the ticket because it was on our 'property'."