Yellowstone actress and country musician, Lainey Wilson has cancelled upcoming shows after her father fell critically ill. She asked fans to keep him in their prayers and hopes for a speedy recovery. A “family emergency” has forced country singer Lainey Wilson to cancel two upcoming shows after she expressed fear for her father’s condition. The musician shared a cryptic message to her personal Instagram account, updating her followers on the news. Asking everyone to keep her father in their prayers, the post contained cancellations on her upcoming performances to the disappointment of fans. She wrote: "Due to a family emergency, I'm unable to play this weekend's shows in Maquoketa, IA and Arnold Park, IA. READ MORE: ‘Floundering’ Harry’s US ambitions savaged by Sharon Osbourne “I'm so sorry to cancel last minute, but please trust I would not be backing out if it weren't critical. “Please keep my family in your prayers." Later sharing a sweet photo of Lainey and her father Brian Wilson, she revealed the emergency involved her dad and his failing health. Accompanying the image, the singer posted: "My deddy [sic]. My cowboy. Please keep lifting him up in prayer. Toughest man I know." Rushing to be by the star’s side virtually, fans flooded her page with messages of support. One @raelynnofficial responded with: "Praying praying praying praying praying praying praying!!!!!!!! In Jesus' name." @chrisdeaton offered: “Praying for you, your deddy & fam.” “Lainey! Sweetheart, we all praying,” @little_hedgehog_olga shared. DON'T MISS...Yellowstone’s Jimmy star opens up on improvised bunkhouse scenes [INSIGHT]Yellowstone’s Cole Hauser details key advice he gave Young Rip star [INSIGHT]Yellowstone's Lloyd star pays sweet tribute to co-star as they reunite [TRIBUTE] Following a casting announcement last June, Lainey has been busy filming for season five of the popular historic Western drama. Tipped to play a musician named Abby on the show, the real life musician won’t have to dig too deep to channel her new role. Causing a frenzy on social media, the singer excited fans when she shared a behind the scenes snap of her on the Yellowstone set. Lainey was seen sitting in a folding chair with the Yellowstone logo splashed across the back of it earlier this month. Offering up more teasers, she also posted a video on her Stories giving fans a glimpse of the real ranch used as the set for the show in Darby, Montana. The Kevin Costner-led drama is set to welcome a host of new faces as it enters its fifth seasons. Fans can expect to see American Horror Story star Kai Caster, Your Honor's Lilli Kay, and Dawn Olivieri cross their screens when the new episodes premier, following the Duttons as they fight for their home. Catch up on Yellowstone episodes available on the Paramount+ network.