Princess Charlene surprised tourists visiting the Prince's Palace on Monday. During a visit to the principality's royal residence, visitors came face-to-face with the 44-year-old Princess. Charlene even shared informal hugs and posed for photos with the group before deciding to tag along on the tour herself. The tour also saw the mother-of-two check out various newly displayed treasures around the palace. The Zimbabwe-born royal was seen wearing a sleeveless black Louis Vuitton jacket as she posed for snaps with different groups of visitors. But Charlene's appearance came after the Commonwealth Games silver medalist returned to the royal frontline after taking a backward step following a sinus infection and COVID-19 infection. JUST IN: Prince George 'refused' to take William's advice at Wimbledon 'Get used to it!' Following her positive Covid test, Charlene even joined her husband Albert at the opening ceremony of the 61st Monte Carlo TV Festival last month. However, according to People, Charlene studied a series of once hidden Renaissance-era frescoes during her group tour. They also claimed the frescoes were discovered by workers during renovation work and added the paintings depict the Twelves Labours of Hercules. The paintings are also believed to date back to the 16th century. However, after closing its doors to the public in 2015, the ornate apartments, Throne Room and even the impressive Hercules Gallery overlooking the Court of Honour, have been transformed with restored artworks. A separate artefact was uncovered by an electrician during the renovations. The electrician reportedly found a large fresco above one hall which had been hidden for centuries behind a false ceiling. Prince Albert commissioned the renovations eight years ago. DON'T MISS:Kate and Prince William set to snub Meghan and Harry on US tour [INSIGHT]Meghan and Harry in Netflix content drought after 'giving it to Oprah' [VIDEO]Owen Jones demands royals face up to Prince Harry's 'messy' memoir [ANALYSIS] A 40-person team of specialists have since completed the work. Tourists have been able to return to the palace for tours since July 1. They can continue to book tours until October 15.