Nate Diaz slapped a reporter on Saturday night at UFC 276 after he allegedly posted tweets about the Stockton fighter. Diaz was in attendance at the T-Mobile Arena in Las Vegas to watch Israel Adesanya defeat Jared Cannonier in the main event. After the show, he was approached backstage by one reporter from Full Send MMA, who Diaz claimed had been talking smack over Twitter. Despite initially allowing the interview to take place, Diaz quickly turned on the reporter after he asked a question about Sean O’Malley. “Stockton’s finest, he’s here to check out Sugar Sean [O’Malley], right?” said the reporter. Before Diaz, whispered in his ear: “Nah, you better watch your tweets about me recently though.” To which, the reporter responded: “Oh I know.” As Diaz smacked the microphone out of his hand and slapped him in the face. It is unclear what exactly he had tweeted that has upset Diaz to the point at which he delivered his trademark 'Stockton Slap' but there is growing speculation online that the incident was staged. “It's staged not real,” one fan tweeted after watching the footage. Before another added: “The way no one reacted makes me think it’s a work…but I’m dumb so” Diaz famously used the 'Stockton Slap' when upsetting the odds to beat Conor McGregor in their first fight back in 2016. Since the two fights with McGregor, Diaz has remained fairly inactive and has struggled to get fights in recent years. MORE UFC NEWS... Reaction to Adesanya’s ‘snoozer’ against Cannonier Paddy Pimblett ready to make drastic change to set up Logan Paul bout Conor McGregor told to stay away from UFC by former foe Max Holloway His last fight came in June 2021, when he lost via unanimous decision to Leon Edwards at UFC 263. With such a long stretch out of competition, Diaz has claimed this is the UFC’s fault and has repeatedly demanded that he be released from his contract. With only one fight left on his deal, Diaz is keen to face off against YouTube star Jake Paul next rather than return to the Octagon. In March, Diaz tweeted: "I would like to request to be released from the [UFC]. I apologize for asking online but [you] don't give me a fight I've got s*** to do." After he received no response, Diaz protested by urinating outside the UFC Performance Institute before recently tweeting a video of Jake Paul knocking out former UFC welterweight champion Tyron Woodley, with the caption: “UFC release now please or give me fight with anyone in July or August I have bigger s*** to do,” suggesting he would be open to a fight with Paul.  