As parts of Britain braces itself for record-breaking temperatures of 40 degrees, the Met Office has issued its first ever extreme heat warning. BBC Breakfast weather reporter Louise begged people to "take care" and take advice on board as temperatures begin to soar. BBC Breakfast presenters Rachel Burden and Ben Thompson continued to warn viewers about the dangers of the unprecedented temperatures. As he welcomed the meteorologist, Ben stated: "Louise, good morning. It's already starting to ratchet up the temperature, isn't it?" "It is, Ben," Louise described, before reflecting on the significance of the heatwave. "I mean, I've been doing this job for 30 years, and I can't believe I'm going to be standing here talking about the potential of seeing temperatures at 40 degrees across parts of the UK," she commented. READ MORE: Gil Birmingham nationality: Where is the Yellowstone star from? "That's 104 Fahrenheit. If you haven't already heard, because of that we've got our first ever extreme heat warning that has been issued by the Met Office. "And that's to cover the vast majority of England and Wales during Monday and Tuesday. "Let's just take a look at some of the major cities that this heatwave is going to take in - Manchester, Leeds, Birmingham, all the way down to London as well. "These are some of the areas that we could potentially see those temperatures close to 40 degrees. "And we've got a widespread amber heat warning out as well which covers Wales and parts of southern Scotland. "Here, we could see temperatures perhaps in the low to mid-30s at times. "Now, this heat is coming from Spain and Portugal - we've been talking about the extreme heat they've been experiencing over the last few days and it's going to be gradually drifting its way steadily northwards, pushing all the way up into central and eastern Scotland as we go through Monday and into Tuesday. She also warned viewers what the temperatures could mean as she remarked: "Let's not get too hung up about what the temperature is going to peak at. DON'T MISS... Amanda Owen shares surprise over Clive’s unusual present [LATEST]The Handmaid's Tale season 5 theory: Serena to kill June Osborne [THEORY]Ackley Bridge producer opens up on season 5 challenges [EXCUSIVE] "Because 39, 40, 41 - these are kinds of temperatures that potentially could produce a loss of life. "That's the reason that we have our first extreme heat warning out by the Met Office. "You need to consider this weather event just like you would if there was significant snow on its way or damaging severe gales, storm force gusts of winds, because that's the kind of story that we're talking about. "We're just not used to it in this country - please, please take this with significant care. "Do look at the advice we're giving to you, stay out of the extreme heat, keep well hydrated, look after your pets. "Try and keep your house as ventilated and as cool as possible." It comes as the elderly, vulnerable and very young have been warned to take extreme care amid forecasts of extreme heat. Some weather models warn a surge will push thermometers to 40C or above, which has never before been seen in the UK. BBC Breakfast airs weekdays from 6am on BBC One.