I can be that person. I’m not offering easy solutions. I won’t promise everything to everyone. But I will offer a firm vision and rapid, relentless decision-making in order to get us through this crisis. We didn’t get into this mess because we were too radical. When Boris delivered Brexit he wasn’t being timid, he was doing what needed to be done for the good of the country. Boris may have resigned, but we need the vision that won us the election back again. First, we need to deliver rapid and large tax cuts to ease the inflationary price rises. Conservatives know that you can’t tax your way into prosperity and that people spend their own money more wisely than governments do. We in Westminster mustn't forget that it's your money, not ours. In order to deal with the energy crisis we need to suspend the all-consuming desire to achieve net zero by 2050. If we keep it up, especially before businesses and families can adjust, our economy will end up with net zero growth. We don't want to end up like the Germans, going cap in hand to Putin for heating and power. We need to get on and finish Brexit. For too long we’re waited to see what the EU proposed on Northern Ireland, while British businesses are being prevented from trading easily within our own country. There must be no backsliding on the Protocol bill going through parliament. When the British people voted to take back control of our borders they didn't expect European courts to strike down our decisions. The people traffickers who lure adults and children into small boats to cross the English Channel are monsters preying on the vulnerable. But to deal with the issue we can no longer be beholden to the ECHR. Boris Johnson won the election promising to get Brexit done. So that's the job his successor must finish. In recent years, far too many politicians have heard what the people have said and sought to ignore it. No Tory leader must do that. If I am the Conservative Party leader — and your Prime Minister — I know I can finish the job and get the Conservative Party, and the Country we love, back on track.