Ben Wallace has announced he’s putting his full support behind Conservative candidate Liz Truss this week and has since appeared on BBC Breakfast to explain why he believes she is best suited for the Prime Minister role. However, BBC presenter Naga Munchetty was determined to find out why Truss’ opponent Rishi Sunakl wasn’t worthy of his support. Wallace batted away Munchetty’s persistent Sunak questioning in a fiery interview on Friday’s edition of BBC Breakfast. After Truss maintained she would be a “great friend” to Ukraine during the ongoing war with Russia, Munchetty inquired if they would still have support with Sunak in Downing Street. “Is the support for Ukraine going to be diminished, in your opinion?” she asked. The MP initially tried to avoid the question, replying: “I think you have to ask Rishi Sunak that.” READ MORE: ‘Floundering’ Harry’s US ambitions savaged by Sharon Osbourne However, Munchetty insisted: “No, I’m asking your opinion as Defence Secretary! “And someone who’s put their support behind someone who’s opposing Rishi Sunak.” Wallace stammered under the interrogation and had clearly grown frustrated with Munchetty’s consistent questions about his opinions on Sunak. “You keep wanting me to spend lots of time focusing on Rishi,” he said. The BBC host had spent much of the interview trying to understand why Wallace wasn’t backing the former Chancellor of the Exchequer. Wallace tried to move swiftly on and bring back the attention to his preferred candidate. He continued: “As I’ve said, Rishi is a talented individual who would be good in anybody’s cabinet. “One of the reasons I support Liz is the investment in the defence budget and defence capabilities that help Britain deliver stability and security around the world. DON'T MISS:Martin Henderson shares Virgin River season 5 fears [INTERVIEW]Better Call Saul’s Rhea Seehorn pays tribute to ‘legend’ co-star [COMMENT]Martin Roberts reassures Homes Under the Hammer fans after accident [VIDEO] “For a whole range of our own citizens but also our allies and our interests. That’s why I’m backing Liz.” Although Truss is receiving Wallace’s all-important backing for the Conservative leadership race, he did admit both candidates had their own strengths. “I think both candidates support action taken against Russia in this war in Ukraine,” he went on. “And to help Ukraine improve its ability to defend itself. And Rishi as Chancellor helped with the 2.3 billion of military aid that we have given to Ukraine. “Liz Truss supported that as well. This is not about because I’m saying she would support Ukraine and she has said she would be a great friend with Ukraine that therefore implies necessarily that Rishi won’t be. “She has made a clear statement of three percent of GDP by 2030…” Munchetty interjected again: “Which is more than Rishi Sunak is committed to, is that what swung you?” Wallace again avoided addressing Sunak’s bid directly, retorting: “Lots of things swung me on this. “Read my Times article, it’s there, I wrote it myself yesterday. It’s a whole range of things that have swung me.” BBC Breakfast airs weekdays from 6am on BBC One.