The Duke and Duchess of Gloucester have been ranked as the hardest working royal couple for the month of July, with 24 combined royal engagements planned. In July, the couple will undertake two joint engagements, the first taking place on July 6 for the Platinum Jubilee concert at St Alban's Cathedral. Separately, Prince Richard has 13 public engagements lined up for this month, whereas the Duchess of Gloucester has nine. Princess Anne, who has 36 royal visits planned for July alone, has been crowned the single most hardworking royal for this summer. Her schedule will see her attend more than one royal engagement per day on average. Her first public engagement is on July 1, in Dover, where she will attend The Duke of York’s Royal Military School for the Grand Day parade. On some occasions, the Princess Royal will take part in three events in one day. Her final event of the month is on July 29, when she will attend the Game Fair at Ragley Hall in Alcester. The fourth most hardworking royal this month, behind the Princess Royal and the Duke and Duchess of Gloucester, is the Earl of Wessex who has nine visits planned for July. LIVE UPDATES: Royal Family LIVE: Fury at Firm's 'terrible' choice to avoid upset The most senior royals, including the Prince of Wales, the Duchess of Cornwall, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and the Queen, have no engagements planned for this month, as they are taking some time off from their busy royal schedule. A spokesperson for AskGamblers, who put together the analysis, said: "The Princess Royal has a reputation for being exceptionally hard-working and summertime is no exception. "Her Royal Highness’ busy calendar sees her working 21 days throughout the whole of July, the same as any full-time employee in the UK. DON'T MISS: Meghan and Harry remain silent after update in Palace bullying probe [INSIGHT] Royal: Details of Harry and Meghan's trip to England laid bare [REVEAL]Kate and William's Jubilee trip was most expensive royal tour of year [REPORT] "We know that the Queen likes spending time at Balmoral Castle in August, so we do wonder what Her Majesty, Prince Charles, Prince William and their families are up to in the meantime." At the end of last year, Princess Anne was crowned the hardest working royal after undertaking 387 engagements in 2021. Prince Charles came in second place, carrying out 385 engagements. The Duke of Cambridge undertook 235 official duties, the Earl of Wessex undertook 204 and the Countess of Wessex undertook 194. Senior members of the royal family have increasingly been stepping up their workload in order to take pressure off the Queen who is thought to be struggling with her health. However, the 96-year-old monarch still managed to undertake 184 engagements last year. Many of them were carried out virtually, by phone or video link.