Ackley Bridge is making a comeback for season five, picking up from where the Channel 4 series finished last year. Headteacher Mandy Carter (played by Jo Joyner) may have left the school drama for good but series five is going to welcome another teacher through its gates. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about Asma Farooqi star Laila Zaidi. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Ackley Bridge. As season five of Ackley Bridge begins, fans are going to be introduced to teacher Asma Farooqi. She will be portrayed by actress Laila Zaidi who told press, including Express.co.uk it has been "fantastic" to "unpack" Asma so she and viewers can find out who she really is. Zaidi explained Asma made the move to the Yorkshire town after living a very different lifestyle in London. This was something that helped Zaidi to get to know her character better as it was something she could relate to. READ MORE: Celebrity MasterChef line-up: Who is competing in the 2022 series? "For me, the part has been a character that has felt so far removed from Leila," Zaidi said. "So it's been like 'I'll get into my power suit and I'll put my hijab on and I'll be completely absorbed into the world that is Asma. "But what I will say is that Asma was a lawyer working in London and she became suffocated by the pressures and stress of living in London which I can say I absolutely have been there. "It can be quite a daunting, overwhelming and very expensive place to live and I'm actually from Newcastle! "So for me, it was a really good starting point to connect us and find her [Asma] somewhere in the middle. "She joined the school she basically decided she didn't want to be a lawyer anymore and she wanted to move up north and follow another passion of hers and become a teacher." Prior to joining the cast of Ackley Bridge, Zaidi had dabbled in various minor roles in popular shows. Some of which included Doctors, Amigo de Aluguel, Holby City and Mood. Her biggest role to date before the school drama though was in ITV's comedy-drama Benidorm as Cyd in 2017. She was introduced as Rob Dawson's (Joshua Ryan Bolt) girlfriend from South America in season 10 but things weren't plain sailing for the pair. DON'T MISS...'You need to be professional!' Helen Skelton's scolding over blunder [MISTAKE]Why did Missy actress Poppy Lee Friar leave Ackley Bridge? [EXPLAINER]Ackley Bridge season 5 cast: Who is in the cast of Channel 4 series? [CAST] Cyd's father didn't approve of the match when he flew to Benidorm to meet Rob and so was planning on taking her back to their country. Rob didn't want to let her go though so ran to the airport and proposed to Cyd in front of her dad. He finally accepted their relationship as a result and her dad let Cyd and Rob use his private jet to go to Paris. Fans were thrilled to see the loved-up couple have their happily ever after as they left the series. Zaidi also opened up on how important it was for Asma's religion to be represented in the right way in Ackley Bridge. She added: "I could talk about her forever but one thing I think is really, really amazing and credit to the writers is that a lot of time on television, you see devout Muslims as either super, super, super strong women with absolutely no flaws or victims. "And I think what Ackley Bridge has done this series is really avoid both extremes...showing someone who is a really good person who also has flaws as doesn't everybody have a flaw, nobody's perfect, there is no one way of being any religion. "It isn't meant to represent all Muslim women...and I think that message just means the world to me this series." Ackley Bridge season 5 premieres on Monday, July 11, at 10pm on Channel 4.