It may be because of all you have been through in recent years but you have developed a deeper understanding of others. Be sure to use this to the full, especially if you are hoping to revive an ongoing friendship or romantic relationship. This is your chance to fill a gap in your life that is causing a pang or two of loneliness. Someone you are working with has some grand ideas without the slightest notion of how they can actually put them into action. You might be amused by some of their suggestions but you won’t get involved. You prefer to stick with practical methods and procedures. A boastful acquaintance should not be allowed to get under your skin. Whatever it is they are bragging about, don’t let this stop you from voicing your own thoughts and opinions. Their reaction isn’t important. Let someone’s silliness go right over your head.  Even if it means rearranging your original plans, you won’t mind putting yourself out in order to do someone a good turn. Family life will keep you extra busy when a home improvement project will get more of your time and attention. You may have to come to the defence of someone you care about. In doing so, you won’t want to let this person know there has been such a need. You’ve always felt protective towards your close friends and family and when it is needed, you will support them. You have plenty to smile about when it comes to recent developments in your social life. Your intention now is to improve the bond between you and someone who is becoming increasingly special to you. All you need do is put daily trivialities on the back burner and keep lines of communication open.  Someone could steal your thunder by taking all the glory for your bright ideas. So when a new aim or ambition springs to your mind, keep your thoughts to yourself. It isn’t that you aren’t capable of getting results but you do need to protect your interests. Joint finances will need a common-sense approach. Continue to look for ways to get a better deal in certain money transactions. For one reason or another, family life will be of strong importance to you. This is the area that will be your biggest priority. Don’t lose heart if it’s hard to get going with new ideas and interests that have caught your imagination. Some things will be more difficult than anticipated, but this doesn’t mean they are impossible. Persevere and once you start seeing results, you will feel more encouraged.  Partnerships feature in a mixed way. In an emotional sense, a relationship will blossom beautifully. The same may not be true of a working partnership. It may be necessary here for you to hold back and for a chance to let someone else set the pace. In romance, friendship and finance, turn your back on anything that has even the slightest degree of risk attached. Whether it is your money, your reputation or a relationship that is at stake, choose the least risky option. Listen to the comments of a younger relative with an open mind. A new neighbour you have been spending time with shows a different side to their personality. You never thought they would turn out to be a wolf in sheep’s clothing and you feel quite annoyed that your intuition hadn’t picked up on this. You thought you could trust them and normally your instincts are reliable. 