For a long time, the secrets of longevity evaded the scientific community. Researchers, however, have now managed to map out several components that contribute to long life. The idea is to prevent or delay disease for as long as possible. Among the leading foods known for their disease-fighting properties, are peaches. Peaches are among the most popular of the so-called fruit stones, which tend to thrive during warmer months. The fruit offers a wealth of benefits for the heart, immune system and allergies. Dietitian Maxine Smith, of the Cleveland Clinic, explained that the fibre composition of the fruit may be accountable for some of these benefits. She noted: “Peaches contain both soluble and insoluble fibre. READ MORE: Three personality traits that 'influence' your chances of reaching 100 “Soluble fibre helps stabilise blood sugar and keeps cholesterol levels in check. Insoluble fibre aids in digestion and helps prevent constipation."The fruit is packed with vitamin C and other key antioxidants, which researchers suggest may help stave off heart disease, stroke and cancer. What’s more, the antioxidant beta-carotene - which gives peaches their pretty golden-orange colour - turns into vitamin A when eaten, helping preserve vision. As a rule of thumb, the riper the fruit, the more antioxidants it is likely to contain. Two of the antioxidants found in peaches - carotenoids and caffeic acid - are known to have anti-cancer properties. These chemicals have been shown to limit the growth of non-cancerous skin tumours, as well as prevent them from turning malignant. The polyphenols in the fruit are also known to limit the growth of cancer cells, according to various studies. What's more, some research has shown that the polyphenols found in peaches have the ability to kill cancer cells while leaving healthy cells untouched. Judith Wylie-Rosett, professor emerita in the department of epidemiology and population health at New York’s Albert Einstein College of Medicine, said: “They’re in season for a fairly short time, so enjoy them as a fruit choice when locally grown peaches are available." READ MORE: How to live longer: Stress accelerates ageing Maya Vadiveloo, associate professor in the department of nutrition and food science at the University of Rhode Island in Kingston, added: “We’re trying to increase people's adoption of healthier diet patterns, but taste is a huge part of what we eat. “When you eat fruit and things that are in season, it’s much tastier and adds variety to your diet.” A cup of diced peach is thought to contain 319 mg of potassium, which is roughly 6.8 percent of the recommended amount of 4,700 mg daily for adults.