The Labour Mayor has infuriated Londoners after proposing to expand the Capital's Ultra Low Emission Zone. Mr Khan is planning to extend the ULEZ charging area on August 29, 2023, prompting Transport for London to launch a public consultation. Originally launched in May this year, the consultation looked to hear from residents of London and the surrounding areas about how it would affect drivers. The plan sparked the fury of Time Party leader Robert Kimbell who branded Mr Khan a "buffoon". He blasted: "When a buffoon is elected by some 23.3 percent of eligible voters to represent (and run key aspects of) your capital city, it's time to abolish the post and move on! "London needs a County Council. "Not an obsessively self-promoting anti-British careerist. "Oust Khan. And get on with it." The extension will extend the ULEZ from the North and South Circular roads to cover almost all of Greater London. If the plans are successful, non-compliant petrol and diesel vehicles will have to pay £12.50 every day to drive in London. In the last four days, more than 5,000 supporters of the FairFuelUK Campaign and the Alliance of British Drivers have responded to the consultation. Of the supporters, most expressed their fervent opposition to the ULEZ expansion proposals. Former Conservative Party Leadership Candidate and current Trade Minister Penny Mordaunt voiced her concern about the proposed extension. The MP for Portsmouth North said: “This is likely to have a disproportionately negative impact on those in the outer boroughs, and on businesses in places nearby, like those in Portsmouth. READ MORE: Orban torpedoes von der Leyen's Ukraine war plans “This is poor timing given the pressures small firms and families are under.” It has been estimated that one in three drivers plan to sell their vehicle in the next six months because of the ULEZ expansion. Londoners are growing increasingly concerned about the expansion, with 60 percent admitting they are worried about how it will affect their finances. Two thirds of those surveyed can’t afford to switch to an electric vehicle or compliant petrol car. Another MP, Robert Halfon, said: "This would be yet another tax for hardworking motorists in greater and outer London. DON'T MISS:Boris humiliates France and Germany in hilarious Commonwealth speech [VIDEO]Tory leadership LIVE: Wallace slams Rishi & throws weight behind Truss [LIVE BLOG]Backlash as Brexit-blamers shut down over Dover delays [ANALYSIS] “It will be a hammer blow to my Harlow constituents, many of them are van drivers who have to travel to Greater London every day. “Instead of assaulting working people with extra costs, the Mayor should be trying to cut the cost of living." Mayor Sadiq Khan has previously said the extension is necessary to ensure London’s public health emergency. He hopes to meet net zero carbon emissions in the capital by 2030, with 80 percent of all journeys made in the city on foot, bike or via public transport.