Ian Wright has furiously hit out at Lord Alan Sugar following his opinions on the BBC's coverage of the Women's Euros. Lord Sugar has received plenty of criticism following a tweet he made on Saturday evening while watching the tournament. The 75-year-old questioned why there were no male commentators or pundits for the match he was watching. Arsenal legend Wright was on the BBC for England's latest match, the 8-0 demolition of Norway on Monday. Lord Sugar reacted with another tweet on Tuesday morning, suggesting Wright was only on because of his previous post. Lord Sugar wrote: "I was pleased to see my old mate Ian Wright was given the opportunity to commentate on the ladies game last night. "I wonder if my earlier tweet below touched a nerve. Of course BBC Sport will say not at all, Ian was already lined up for it." Transfer news LIVE: De Jong to Man Utd, Chelsea reach agreement, Ronaldo update  Wright received a bombardment of messages to make him aware of Lord Sugar's latest opinion. The former England striker took to Twitter to post a two-minute video in which he tore into the former Tottenham chairman. Wright claimed Lord Sugar's verdict was "f*****g foolishness" and showed his ego is "out of control". The pundit then jokingly thanked him for the tweet, asking him to do the same so that he can work on the Lionesses final group match against Northern Ireland on Friday. Wright said: "Can everyone please stop sending me the tweet, Alan Sugar tweet? I was taking my daughter to her singing lessons and the tweet's just blowing up, it's doing my head in, I can't believe it.  "Alan, the thing is my friend, rather than just say 'I've got it wrong, lots of men are working at all levels of the tournament', you've doubled down on some complete f*****g foolishness. "So in your mind you actually thought after you sent that tweet that the BBC phoned me up - never mind the fact we've been ready to do this for a year, I've been booked for a year - you genuinely think they've called me up to say 'Ian, you've got to get back from Germany ASAP, Alan Sugar's tweeted and we can't upset him, we need to get him on'. "You genuinely believe that that happened? Because I need to know. "Because that says to me your ego is totally out of control. Where's the people around you to hug you bro? You need some hugs man.  "You're coming on Twitter for attention like this, it's laughable. Stop doing it to yourself. "But I've got to say, thank you man, thank you for that tweet. Because if it wasn't for you I would have missed one of the greatest ever England games that's ever been played. "The thing is, all seriousness, I'm glad you're watching. And the only thing you can find fault with doesn't even exist. "I sit in these rooms with ex-players belittling the women's game all the time. I'm so glad it annoys you and all of them. "Can I just say, I hope you enjoy the rest of the tournament. Can you please tweet again so I can work Friday? Please? God bless." 