CAMILLA, Duchess of Cornwall’s birthday portrait has been released and features a rather unexpected furry friend. The Duchess celebrated her 75th birthday on Sunday and Clarence House marked the occasion with a beautiful portrait posted to Instagram.  Taken by royal photographer Chris Jackson, the picture features Camilla in the garden of her Wiltshire home wearing a floral summer dress. She was joined by her adorable Jack Russell terrier Beth seated on her lap, who looked calm and relaxed for the camera. The Duchess adopted both of her Jack Russells Beth and Bluebell from Battersea Dogs & Cats Home, a charity she is patron of. The Home was founded 1860 and has since then rehomed more than three million animals in need.  The post on Clarence House's Instagram read: “Thank you for all your kind messages and well wishes on The Duchess of Cornwall’s 75th birthday today!” Many royal fans gushed over the pictures on social media, with user @from.birkhall.with.love writing: “Happy birthday, Your Royal Highness. “May you have the best day ever and many, many, many happy returns! We all love you so, so much.”  READ MORE: Beatrice and Eugenie would be 'assets' as working royals Another user @caz_off_the_clock posted: “Wishing HRH a very nice day - celebrating with her loved ones. Many returns!” User @lizzieh_68 shared: “Happiest of birthdays to you Your Royal Highness. “Hope you have a fabulous day. Love this picture of you.” DON'T MISS:Camilla enjoys ‘more basic life’ than other royals - expert [ANALYSIS]Queen deploying new public outing strategy to avoid disappointing fans [REVEAL]Camilla has not been forgiven for Charles' affair as young love Diana [SPOTLIGHT]  Photographer Chris Jackson also took to Instagram to share his experience of photographing Camilla for her special day. He said: “Really special to photograph the Duchess of Cornwall at her home in Wiltshire for her 75th Birthday. “I’ve spent many years travelling around the world photographing The Duchess on Royal Tours and engagements so it’s lovely to photograph her somewhere she feels so relaxed. “I love the fact she even grew the impressive peaches in the photo.” 