The year of 2021 was a special time for the royal sisters, daughters of Prince Andrew and Sarah Ferguson, as Princess Eugenie welcomed baby son August in February, closely followed by the arrival of her big sister Princess Beatrice’s daughter Sienna in September. And while Princess Eugenie has introduced one-year-old August to the world, Sienna, 10 months, is yet to be seen in public.  Royal fans were delighted when Princess Eugenie shared an image of herself, husband Jack Brooksbank and little August when he was born last year. Since then, she has used her Instagram account to share important milestones, including August’s first solo steps. The adorable tot was recently seen at the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee wearing a cute Union Jack jumper in a nod to the momentous celebrations. It was the first time August had attended a royal event as he was spotted bouncing on mother Eugenie’s knee during the procession. And on his first birthday, Eugenie, 32, posted on Instagram paying tribute to her son describing him as a “special soul”. She said: “Happy 1st Birthday to our little hero Augie.  READ MORE: Sarah Ferguson opens heart to Ukrainian refugees on trip to Poland “You are such a special soul that brightens every room with your smile and wave. You have made us so very proud. We love you!” Differently, Princess Beatrice has opted to keep her daughter Sienna out of the spotlight - only sharing an image of her baby girl’s footprints when she was born. Beatrice recently left her London home in St James’ Palace to relocate to the Cotswolds, where her husband Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi's parents live.  DON'T MISSPrincess Beatrice's Cotswold move hints at husband Eduardo's passion [INSIGHT]Beatrice and Edoardo head out for double-date with Meghan's friend [REVEALED]Kate and Princess Beatrice step out in almost matching dresses [PICTURES] She also opted to leave baby Sienna at home when attending her beloved grandmother, the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations. Beatrice was joined by her stepson Wolfie, six, who made his first official royal appearance. The princess, 33, became stepmother to Wolfie when she and Mr Mapelli Mozzi tied the knot.  Wolfie played a key role as his father's best man. Sarah Ferguson has previously opened up about being a grandmother and seeing her children become mothers. The 61-year-old said: "You know it's pretty incredible, but everyone asks me, 'How are your grandchildren?'. Well, firstly, I look at my girls being wonderful mothers and then I see these incredible beings.  “My children are phenomenal mothers. They were great children but now they're phenomenal mothers. “And now, I have these two exceptional grandchildren all in one year.”