How does Kate Middleton look "flawless", at 40 and with three kids? Nutrition and Lifestyle Coach Jenni Russell spoke to Express.co.uk about how non-royals can get Kate's physique through a healthy diet. Jenni told Express.co.uk: "Just like her mother-in-law before her, Kate’s appearance; posture, body shape and wardrobe choice continues to be the envy of millions of women around the world. "What does she do to keep such an enviable shape especially after giving birth? How does she manage to look flawless?" According to the expert, diet plays a huge part in allowing the Duchess to maintain such a slim figure. Jenni suggested that she has snacking down to a tee: "Kate will not be one to snack on crisps and store bought cakes, but rather understand the benefits of home grown fruits and vegetables in season." READ MORE: The one day a week workout: How to burn fat fast in one session When it comes to drinking, it's common knowledge that water is the elixir of life, with numerous health benefits. As well as preventing overeating by keeping the body fuller for longer, and putting a stop to boredom eating, water is great for the skin. Jenni said: "If she does not drink copious amounts of water, then she most certainly eats hydrating foods to ensure good organ health (cucumbers, celery, beetroot, spinach etc.) "But I am sure she also enjoys hydrating fruits such as watermelon and pineapple as well as many of the berries." As for alcohol, while the Duchess is not tee-total, Jenni predicted she limits her alcohol intake. She said: "When it comes to alcohol the rich and famous know that wines and rums are ‘fattening’ so they choose more pure drinks! "Trust me, I have heard this in these circles many times." The expert suggested that tequila and champagne are tipples the rich and famous enjoy - making sure to "regulate their measures and maintain their poise and dignity". As for mealtimes, Jenni suggested that Kate prioritises these and isn't one to forget a meal or simply grab and go. READ MORE: Perimenopause: Simple weight loss tips that 'really work' - video She said: "I would be surprised if Kate skipped meals." Instead, she supposed that the Duchess eats with children Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince George. It is widely known that the Duchess is an avid cook and very skilled in the kitchen. While it is difficult to predict Kate's go-to meals, Jenni provided some insight into how to eat your way to the royal's figure. "Breakfast should have at least 25 percent of our daily intake," she said. Rather than cereals, the expert suggested opting for fresh fruit followed by poached eggs with mushrooms, avocado and a slice of gluten free toast. Alternatively, Kate fans could enjoy "grilled sardines on rye with a good salad". Healthy snacks may include nuts and seeds or carrots and hummus as opposed to processed or overly sugary snacks. As for Kate, Jenni said: "I believe she may have a piece of cake every now and then but her nutritional lifestyle is 80 percent foods to optimise her health as opposed to most eating 80 percent of foods that do the opposite. "And I doubt very much she eats anything significant after 6pm, whereas most of Britain loves late night snacks and meal times."