The royal couple met with fashion designer Misha Nonoo and her billionaire oil heir husband Mike Hess at Oswald's private members' club in Mayfair for a double date. Beatrice, 33, looked chic in a black dress with lace trim and sleeves, while Edo sported a navy blazer and trousers paired with a white shirt. The daughter of Prince Andrew and Sarah Ferguson has been spotted on a number of social occasions in recent months including a trip to Glastonbury, Royal Ascot, and a Rolling Stones Concert in just a matter of weeks. Despite being a Monday night, the couple are said to have left the exclusive venue just after midnight with Mike blowing a kiss to them as they departed the establishment. The elitist club on Albemarle Street in Mayfair is owned by Robin Birley, whose father named his famous members' club Annabel's after his socialite wife - Lady Annabel Goldsmith.  It is said to cost £1,800 a year to be a member, and members must be recommended by a proposer and a seconder. Harry Styles, Margot Robbie, Mick Jagger and numerous royals are said to be members there. Misha Nonoo, who wore a monochrome stripy dress with black sandals at her meeting with Beatrice and Edo, is close friends with Meghan Markle. The fashion designer reportedly played matchmaker to Meghan and Prince Harry who met during a blind date in 2016. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry set to travel to New York Misha has long been friendly with a number of members of the Royal Family, including Beatrice and Eugenie. Beatrice is said to have known Misha for years and attended her wedding to ex-husband Alexander Gilkes' in 2012. While some members of the Firm appear to have become estranged from the Sussexes since they departed their roles as senior royals, Beatrice and her sister Eugenie have kept close ties. Princess Eugenie and her husband Jack Brooksbank were believed to have been the only royals to have met Harry and Meghan's daughter Lilibet prior to their return to the UK for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee in June. DON'T MISS: Meghan and Harry in Netflix content drought after 'giving it to Oprah' [INSIGHT]Meghan Markle’s style choice that indicated her future with Harry [COMMENT]Kate Middleton dubbed ‘more glamorous’ than Sophie and Edward [ANALYSIS] While many assumed that Meghan’s relationship with Eugenie was formed after she met Harry - who has shared a close relationship with his cousin since childhood - the Duchess revealed that she and the princess had actually met before. In the couple's now-infamous interview, Oprah Winfrey asked Meghan how she felt about her first meeting the Queen, which took place when Her Majesty dropped in unexpectedly at Royal Lodge, where Eugenie's family live. Meghan said: "We were going for lunch at Royal Lodge, which is where some other members of the family live, specifically Andrew and Fergie, and Eugenie and Beatrice would spend a lot of time there. "Eugenie and I had known each other before I knew Harry, so that was comfortable." The pair are believed to have been introduced by Misha Nonoo, who is also a close friend of Beatrice's sister, Eugenie. 