Sadly, scammers make use of HMRC as a familiar name which millions of people are aware of. It adds legitimacy to their claims, which can persuade people to hand over their hard-earned cash to criminals posing as official bodies and agencies. A particularly vicious scam is now circulating, with HMRC making Britons aware so they can protect themselves. It involves individuals receiving correspondence which claims to be from the Office of Tax Simplification (OTS). The messages use the OTS’ logo and signatures, to inform Britons they supposedly have an outstanding tax bill. Understandably, this may worry people who receive it, as many individuals are keen not to have outstanding tax bills against their name. READ MORE: Pensioners may be eligible for up to £1,100 starting from tomorrow As such, they may be convinced to make payments to settle the matter and move on. However, a key point to realise is that the Office for Tax Simplification is not a tax collection agency. Instead, it gives independent advice to the Government on how to simplify the UK tax system. The OTS would never contact Britons to ask for taxes, as this does not fall under their remit. HMRC has confirmed the correspondence is “not legitimate”. DON'T MISSState pensioners call for end to ‘two-tier’ payment system [LATEST]30-year ‘secret tax grab’ continues as ‘potent weapon' lives on [INSIGHT]DWP warning as your bank account and social media could be checked [EXPLAINED] Instead, it is part of an elaborate ruse designed to part Britons with their money. Paying fictitious tax could mean scammers are presented with the perfect opportunity to harvest cash and make away with their ill-gotten gains. If anyone receives a demand for payment of any kind claiming to be from the OTS, they should not respond. Instead, HMRC has urged Britons to report it to the National Cyber Security Centre. This can be done by forwarding the email to report@phishing.gov.uk. READ MORE: Nationwide issue warning after growing scam sees pensioner lose £25k However, this is not the only tax related scam which has circulated in recent months, with HMRC warning of other phishing emails. One such email claims the Revenue owes Britons £725.95, but that they will need to claim it. The email reads: “HMRC has sent you this notification as your eligibility have been checked. “Your reference is QBH-R2K6-DM9. If we need ay further details, we’ll contact you by letter or by phone. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea “We may ask you to sign in to a service to provide more details but we won’t ask for your personal details by email.” The email includes a hyperlink which claims to redirect Britons to an official website. But instead, individuals are directed to a phishing website that harvests their personal details. Those who feel they have been targeted by a scam should contact Action Fraud, or Police Scotland if in Scotland. It may also be worth contacting one’s bank to see if a payment could be stopped.