Passengers have faced chaotic scenes this summer and Heathrow has just announced a cap on passengers. However, travel experts shared how Britons can save their summer on Channel 5 tonight. easyJet, British Airways and Wizz Air have all cancelled large numbers of flights affecting thousands of passengers. A new cap on passenger numbers at Heathrow will see around 4,000 seats cut per day, 1,500 of which have already been sold. Simon Calder shared his top advice with Channel 5 for passengers who have had their flights cancelled. He said: “I’ve been keeping a dossier on the airlines and many of them, I’m sorry to say, are behaving very poorly. READ MORE: Cheapest seaside town to visit during heatwave 'gloriously beautiful' “Typically they won’t outline your entitlements when a flight is cancelled. “They have to find you another flight on the same day to the same destination if they possibly can, and if there’s one seat going and it's business class on British Airways, they have to pay for that for you. “And on top of that, if it’s the airlines fault, that might be a technical problem, that might be staff shortages, then they have to pay you cash compensation as well.” Cash compensation will vary on the length of the journey cancelled and only applies to late notice cancellations. Simon also shared his top advice for nervous holidaymakers who are worried about cancellations. He said: “Lots of people love DIY holidays. They’ll find a flight here, a rental car here, some lovely accommodation, they’ll put it all together. “What could possibly go wrong? Well your flight could be cancelled at that point. I’m afraid you’ll probably be wishing you booked a proper package holiday. “If you book the items independently, the car rental man is sitting there saying ‘Well the car’s here, the fact you’re not isn’t our problem’. READ MORE: Greece changes Covid rules for British tourists  “They’re not going to give you a refund.” As travellers are put off going abroad by the chaos, many may be planning to go on a staycation instead. However, prices are high this year and many British tourists are struggling to find a deal in the UK. Simon advised: “Find a city centre hotel, it might be Cardiff, it might be Leeds, it might be Manchester. “You’ll be able to find hotels in the city centre that are really inexpensive and you’ll be able to enjoy all the cultural delights and gastronomic treats, as well as going off to the seaside for the day.” However, Simon issued a warning for British tourists heading overseas saying: “Prices will be astronomical and it’s not always going to be a great experience.” The travel experts also advised tourists to make sure their passport is valid before booking a holiday. Britain’s Travel Chaos: How to Save Your Summer is on at 8pm on Channel 5 .