Sam Heughan and the rest of the Outlander cast are currently hard at work on the hit historical drama’s highly anticipated next season. The next instalment will consist of a staggering 16 episodes, but the Starz drama’s leading man is keeping his lips sealed on what’s in store for the Frasers for the time being. Jamie Fraser star Sam isn’t giving much away when it comes to the fate of his wife Claire (Caitriona Balfe) in the next season of Outlander. The historical drama’s latest outing ended on a bleak note for the Frasers after Claire was imprisoned hundreds of miles away from their home. Meanwhile, Jamie was caught up in a struggle with Richard Brown’s (Chris Larkin) gang until he was saved at the last minute by Young Ian (Jamie Bell) and Chief Bird (Glen Gould). Unfortunately, it could be some time before the woman out of time reunites with her Highlander husband once season seven finally begins. READ MORE: BBC Breakfast viewers thrilled as they welcome back much-loved host “I mean, I will say nothing,” Sam said, skirting around a question on Jamie and Claire’s reunion. However, he continued: “I’m going to say nothing, but it’s Outlander right? So that’s gonna happen.” Fans of the series definitely wouldn’t be happy if the next season kept Jamie and Claire apart for longer than a handful of episodes. Their unlikely yet passionate romance is one of, if not the main driving force behind the show’s popularity. Hopefully, it won’t be long before Claire either proves she’s innocent of murdering Malva Christie (Jessica Reynolds) or Jamie and his companions orchestrate an ingenious prison break. “But we left Claire in prison, captured and Jamie is thankfully alive,” Sam told GoldDerby. “And he’s now on a mission to find her. I’ll let you know that, that’s where we pick up.” As Outlander’s latest season had to be shortened due to Covid restrictions, Starz’s live-action adaptation of Diana Gabaldon’s novels still hasn’t fully adapted the sixth book in the series, A Breath of Snow and Ashes. DON'T MISS:P-Valley’s Uncle Clifford star opens up on Hailey fall-out [EXCLUSIVE]Stranger Things clue could confirm Max’s fate in season 5 [THEORY]BBC Radio 2 fury as Steve Wright announces exit [REACTION] This will now form the basis of the first part of season seven, before the series moves on to book seven, An Echo in the Bone, after Claire and Jamie’s reunion. Revealing more about his time filming the latest season, the Outlander star recalled loving the action-packed moments of the high-stakes finale. Sam continued: “So cool. I loved that whole sequence. The whole finale, honestly, was really fun to work on. “It felt high action, we didn’t get to do a lot of that recently so it was nice to get back to doing some of that.” “It felt like a Western, you know? With the stand-off, the shoot-out with the Browns. “And it leaves it on a positive note that at least Jamie is out there and is going to find her and save her.” Viewers worldwide are now keeping their fingers crossed that the next season will pick up with that same positivity, and it won’t be long after ‘Droughtlander’ ends before Claire and Jamie are back where they belong. Outlander seasons 1-6 are available on Starz in the USA and StarzPlay in the UK.