Meghan Markle is being sued for defamation by her half-sister Samantha Markle after the Duchess of Sussex said she was an only child during her tell-all interview with Oprah Winfrey. Meghan stood by her statement, saying her comments were meant to be a subjective statement of her feelings. The Duchess’ attorneys made their case in legal documents filed in Florida amid a fight between the two half-sisters. Shedding a light on what is coming next, Entertainment editor Peter Ford told Sunrise’s Morning Show: "It’s given us so much material, let’s be honest. And it’s not over yet because this is a case that Samantha Markle who is of course the sister who has been quite high profile herself. "She’s bringing this defamation case as a result of what was said in the interview with Oprah and also details combined in the finding freebies finding freedom book that came out about the two of them together – Freudian slip. "But anyway, so, let’s take at this grab and get an idea of what it is that Samantha is upset about. This is the two of the gruesome twosome with Oprah early last year." During the interview with Oprah Winfrey, Meghan Markle said: “I grew up as an only child, which everyone who grew up around me knows. "I wish I had siblings. I would have loved to have had siblings. I mean the last time I saw her must have been at least 18-19 years ago. And before that 10 years before that." Peter Ford later explained: "So, what Samantha is saying she presented this story of not being really well-treated a child and made to go out and do horrible jobs just to get money in, almost living in some kind of poverty type lifestyle. "Samantha says that ain’t true. Now what Meghan’s legal team are now going to argue – if indeed this gets into a courtroom – is that Meghan was talking in a subjective way. "She was not talking in an objective way stating actual facts. So what they’re saying is Meghan was saying: 'this is how I felt.' READ MORE: Meghan Markle had 'team of 14' aides to learn royal duties Mr Ford said: "But of course, what she said to any viewer, it sounded like she clearly was brought up as an only child. And there was no one else around her. "So, that’s what they’re going to argue. That it was all subjective. It was all about her feelings and her emotions. That’s what she was expressing." In her legal documents, Samantha is not only suing Meghan for allegedly peddling a “rags to riches” tale in her Oprah interview, but also for comments she made in Finding Freedom,  a book written by Meghan’s close friend Omi Scobie. Defending Meghan Markle’s statement, her lawyers slapped down Samantha’s claim that it was dishonest for Meghan to claim she grew up as on only child. DON'T MISS:Royal Family LIVE: Meghan steps in as Harry 'worried sick' [LIVE]Meghan Markle blasted by TalkTV host 'All fed up of Meghan's truth!' [REPORT]Kate and William desperate for ‘PR boost’ [INSIGHT] In the most recent round of documents, they wrote: "It is hard to imagine a more personal and subjective feeling than how one views their own childhood. "Moreover, Plaintiff's opposition completely ignores the context of the statement, where Ms Winfrey asked Meghan about her 'relationship' with Plaintiff (to whom Ms Winfrey referred as her 'half-sister on her father's side'). "Meghan's response to that question that she 'grew up as an only child' was obviously not meant to be a statement of objective fact that she had no genetic siblings or half-siblings." Samantha, the daughter of Thomas Markle, Meghan’s father, hit back, saying the Duchess of Sussex launched a "premeditated campaign to destroy" her and her father’s reputation. READ NEXT:Meghan and Harry to spend 'exciting and magical' summer with kidsLilibet Diana photo 'put out through sheer anger' over Jubilee snubRoyal Family: New masterplan to scupper Meghan and Harry in USHarry and Meghan in bust up ahead of major royal eventMeghan 'on path to unparalleled stardom' and 'new form of celebrity'