Sanditon's second season originally premiered on Britbox earlier this year but for non-subscribers, it is making its debut on ITV on Friday, July 22. Actor Kris Marshall will be reprising his role as Tom Parker, the elder brother of Sidney Parker (played by Theo James), season one's leading love interest. Despite Sidney's absence from series two, Marshall remains in the romantic drama as his business-minded brother. Actor Kris Marshall is married to Hanna Dodkin who he tied the knot with in 2012. It isn't clear how the couple met but they got engaged just 18 months after they first started dating. Since their relationship began, Marshall has preferred to keep their romance out of the spotlight. He very rarely mentions Hannah in interviews, ensuring that their private life remains out of the spotlight. READ MORE: Naga Munchetty in fits of laughter as BBC Breakfast co-star 'walks out Prior to their wedding though, Marshall did give a small insight into what their big day was going to look like. Referring to his BT advert character's wedding in 2011, Marshall said: "Just filming the scene with the white tables and speeches made me feel ill. "Even pretending to get married like that was awful. "Fortunately my gorgeous fiancée feels exactly the same so we're going to do things very differently. We're not quite sure what but it won't be big." His wedding dreams did come true as Marshall and Hanna got married at the Swan Hotel near Wells Cathedral in February 2012. They reportedly had the civil ceremony in the hotel's garden room with around 30 guests. They have resided near Marshall's hometown of Wells in Somerset with their son Thomas and daughter Elsie, since 2014. His family life did impact an important decision in Marshall's career in 2017. DON'T MISS...Where are the cast of Only Fools and Horses now? [CAST]Outlander’s Marsali Fraser star opens up on Caitriona Balfe meeting [EXPLAINER]Sanditon’s Kris Marshall shares story of awkward wardrobe malfunction [BEHIND THE SCENES] Marshall is known to many as DI Humphrey Goodman who starred in the BBC comedy-drama Death in Paradise for three seasons. He has been one of if not, the most popular detective yet but the actor chose to give up the role in order to spend more time with his family. Marshall opened up on Lorraine: "I realised I had to get my son to school. "He was becoming a bit too Caribbean – he refused to wear shoes and would only drink coconut water and eat pineapple." Marshall continued: "He was very good on the beach but not so good with maths and English, so I decided that it was time to get him to school. So the show had to go, really." The good news is that the 49-year-old actor will be reprising his iconic role of DI Goodman for a Death in Paradise spin-off. Beyond Paradise was announced by the BBC earlier this year and will see what Humphrey and his fiancé Martha Lloyd's (Sally Bretton) lives are like now back in the UK. Sanditon season 2 premieres on Friday, July 22, at 9pm on ITV.