Neighbours has been part of fans lives for the past 37 years and now it's almost time to say goodbye to the residents of Ramsay Street. The Channel 5 drama will reach its final conclusion on Friday, July 29, with a back-to-back special. Here's everything Express.co.uk knows about what happened to the original cast of Neighbours. Max Ramsay was the patriarch of the family and it was actually his grandfather who the famous street was named after. When the soap switched from Seven Network to Channel Ten in 1986, actor Francis Bell decided to leave Neighbours. He went on to work as a voiceover in the series Rubbery Figures and played Sharkey in the 1987 movie Bushfire Moon. Sadly, Bell died in 1994 after he fell from an 11-storey block of flats in Auckland, New Zealand. Maria was the wife of Max Ramsay who she shared two sons but it was later revealed that one of them was not his. She had an affair with Tim Duncan (played by Nick Carrafa) which resulted in the birth of her son Danny (David Clencie). Actress Dagmar Bláhová returned to her native Czech Republic where she continues to work as an actress. READ MORE: BBC crisis as 300,000 ditch licence fee — financial blackhole looming The first ever episode of Neighbours featured Des Clarke's stag-do as he was engaged to marry Lorraine Kingham (Antoinette Byron). But their relationship was doomed as Des fell in love with the stripper Daphne (Elaine Smith) who was hired for the cabaret. Keane quit Neighbours in 1990 and developed a drug addiction as he struggled with fame. He has returned on numerous occasions to Neighbours and now resides in Sydney. Des and Daphne went on to get married and actress Elaine Smith stayed in Neighbours for the next three years. The Scottish-born actress left the drama to go back to university and get a degree in teaching. She started working as a drama and primary school teacher in Sydney in 2017. Actor Alan Dale was in more than 860 episodes of Neighbours before leaving in 1993. His character Jim Robinson died of a heart attack but Dale himself went on to have a successful acting career. Dale has been in hit shows such as 24, Lost, Dynasty and The O.C. Actress Vikki Blanche was the first actress to portray Julie Robinson before Julie Mullins took over the role. Following her stint on Neighbours, Blanche starred in The Flying Doctors, Col'n Carpenter and Phoenix in the 1990s. DON'T MISS...Law and Order SVU’s Ice-T exposes real meaning behind stage name [EXPLAINER]Neighbours’ Harold Bishop star addresses ‘uncomfortable’ filming [CAST]Neighbours theory: Susan and Karl Kennedy leave Ramsay Street [THEORY] Kim is the mum of sons David (Takaya Honda) and Leo Tanaka (Tim Kano) who were living in Ramsay Street long after she had left. Actress Jenny Young briefly returned to Neighbours in 2017 but will she be back for the final episode? Eileen was the busy-body mum of Des Clarke and was only meant to be in a few episodes but proved a popular character so was asked to come back on various occasions. Due to her ill health, De Groot filmed her final scenes in Neighbours in early 1988. She was taken to hospital later that same year as her cancer had spread and she died aged 51. Douglas Blake was a conman who jilted Helen Daniels (Anne Haddy) after he successfully scammed Jim out of a lot of money. Actor James Condon died of a stroke at a retirement home in Narrabeen, Sydney, in 2014 at the age of 90. Terry only appeared in Neighbours for a few months but during this time, she married Paul (Stefan Dennis). But things quickly went wrong for the couple when she killed a man who was threatening her. She later shot Paul in the shoulder when he didn't give her an alibi and she was arrested for murder. Actress Maxine Klibingaitis has since been in Prisoner: Cell Block H, Home and Away, Hampton Court and Moonlight & Magic. Neighbours' final episodes will air on Friday, July 29, on Channel 5.