Emmerdale continues to air on ITV and many characters have come and gone over the many years it has been on TV. Gennie Walker was introduced in 2008 and she was part of the soap until her untimely death in July 2013. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about what happened to actress Sian Reese-Williams. Gennie had a dramatic entrance when she first joined the soap as she was injured when a car knocked her off her moped. After being adopted, she came to the village to find out more about her birth family. She was married to Nikhil Sharma (played by Rik Makarem) and they had a daughter, Molly (Maia Rose Smith). The character died at the hands of Cameron Murray (Dominic Power) in July 2013. She was suffocated to death following a car accident, but what happened to the Welsh actress? Sian is now 40 years old, having been born in November 1981. READ MORE: Kate Middleton mortified at dad Michael's Wimbledon blunder This means she would have been 32 when she appeared in the soap for the very last time. The actress and singer went on land main roles in a number of TV projects. Fans may have recognised her as Sara in 35 Diwrnod or Trudy Franken in Requiem. She also played DCI Cadi John in Hidden, a Welsh TV drama. In 2019 she appeared in season five of Line of Duty as Sergeant Jane Cafferty. In the same year, she played Sara Morris in Pili Pala, and in 2020 she played Tina Harcourt in Silent Witness. More recently she had a recurring role as Jodie Rodgers in Holby City. The star is active on Twitter and she has been keeping fans up to date with her latest ventures. She appears to have taken on a new role as DI Lincoln in an upcoming project called Wolf. She said in a post: "And that’s a wrap for D.I. Lincoln on #Wolf. DON'T MISS... Lisa Riley partner: Is Emmerdale's Mandy Dingle star in a romance? [INSIGHT] EastEnders theory: Kheerat Panesar killed in Suki revenge plot [THEORY] Coronation Street theory: Gary kills again to save kidnapped Kelly [DISCUSSION] "Thank you so much @hartswoodfilms for having me, I’ve loved every minute. I can’t WAIT for you all to meet this amazing woman in this brilliant show." The thriller series will air on BBC One and it is based on the Jack Caffrey thriller. The actress also appears to have been doing a lot of work with Chichester Festival Theatre. Earlier this year the star spoke to Backstage about knowing her worth. She said: "Some advice to my younger self, some of which you may find helpful. "The first and most important thing I would tell her is, unfortunately, a bit of a cliche: Know your worth. "And more specifically, know your unique worth. Don’t listen to the agent who, during your post-showcase meetings, tells you you need to lose two stone. "You don’t; less than a week later, you will sign with an agent who sees your worth as you are and works with you in the early days of your career, nurturing what makes you entirely unique. "Block all that stuff out if you can. It serves nothing and no one."  Emmerdale airs on ITV on weekdays at 7:30pm, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays