The Duchess of Sussex rushed to help a coughing woman who sat behind her at the UN headquarters on Monday. Meghan was sitting next to her husband Prince Harry when she heard a fellow member of the audience starting to cough. Acting quickly, she turned toward the coughing person and offered her own bottle of water. The Duchess was caught on camera as she passed on the bottle and let the member of the audience take a few sips from it. After the bottle was returned to her, Meghan exchanged a few words with the two people sitting behind her and her husband. This kind gesture was praised by fans of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex. One, @deBrazen_Hussy, wrote on Twitter: "Meghan giving her bottle of water to the lady behind her. Always kind a[nd] caring." Another Twitter user, @RaniofJustice, said: "To offer your bottle of water to another woman who is coughing tells me more of Duchess Meghan's character, than any hit piece book written about her." This fan of the Duchess appeared to refer to the upcoming publication of Tom Bower's new biography focused on the former actress, titled Revenge: Meghan, Harry and the war between the Windsors. Extracts from the book published over the past few days by The Times have included potentially damaging claims against the Duke and Duchess of Sussex. READ MORE: Queen denied entrance to Windsor Horse Show in hilarious story Upon their arrival at the UN headquarters on Monday afternoon, the couple was asked a question regarding the book, to be released on Thursday, by a journalist. UN correspondent for Voice of American Margaret Besheer asked: "Prince Harry, are you worried that Tom Bower's new book is going to wider tour rift with the Royal Family?" Both Harry and Meghan only glanced at the journalist and, without replying, they kept walking inside the building. Meghan's aid to the fellow participant at the plenary session came before the Duke of Sussex delivered a keynote speech to the Assembly on Nelson Mandela International Day.  Invited to make the address by the Nelson Mandela Foundation, Prince Harry paid tribute to the South African leader's indomitable spirit and his strength to carry on even during his darkest hours. The Duke also said the world currently finds itself at a "pivotal moment" and can either choose to surrender to despair or be inspired by the life and willpower of the anti-apartheid hero. In his speech, the royal mentioned his mother's meeting with Mr Mandela in 1997 - only five months before her death - saying he keeps a picture of their encounter on his wall and close to his heart. Moreover, the Duke appeared to criticise the US Supreme Court's decision to overturn the Roe v Wade ruling last month, after it had granted abortion rights across the 50 states for almost four decades. In one of his more overtly political speeches to date, Harry said: "This has been a painful year in a painful decade. "We’re living through a pandemic that continues to ravage communities in every corner of the globe; climate change wreaking havoc on our planet, with the most vulnerable suffering most of all; the few, weaponising lies and disinformation at the expense of the many; and from the horrific war in Ukraine to the rolling back of constitutional rights here in the United States. "We are witnessing a global assault on democracy and freedom — the cause of Mandela’s life." Following the poignant and personal speech, Prince Harry and Meghan held meetings with UN ambassadors, according to royal author Omid Scobie. This morning, more pictures of Meghan and Harry's day in New York emerged. The Duchess was spotted leaving Crosby Hotel in SoHo hand-in-hand with feminist Gloria Steinem, with whom she is believed to have struck a friendship in the summer of 2020. Later on Monday, the Duke and Duchess were photographed leaving a restaurant owned by actor Robert De Niro serving Chef Andrew Carmellini's menu.