CCTV images have been released of the woman as police try to track her down. She allegedly urinated inside the bus right in front of passengers, after the driver refused to pull over so she could relieve herself. The double decker bus was travelling on the A338 towards Ringwood, Hampshire, when the chaos began, eventually leading to it stopping in Verwood, Dorset. Three passengers allegedly became verbally abusive. Police say one man and two women became aggressive when the driver refused to stop so that one of the women could relieve herself on the side of the road. In response, one of the women did so on the bus instead. Dorset Police added that the man shouted abuse at the passengers and driver. He also punched and kicked the door and windscreen of the bus, police claim. The total damage caused came to a total of £700. The bus stopped at a designated bus stop for Verwood and all passengers got off. It is reported that the woman who relieved herself then assaulted two women on the pavement outside. The incident happened between 8pm and 8.15pm on Friday, June 17. In an effort to track down the three people responsible, police have release CCTV images. Police Community Support Investigator Kate Hann, of Dorset Police, said: “We are carrying out enquiries into this incident and I am keen to hear from anyone who recognises the three people in the CCTV images. READ MORE: Police car flips and crashes through garden wall in horror crash [REVEAL] “I would also like to speak to the two young women, or possibly teenage girls, who were assaulted by the woman on the bus at the bus stop in Verwood to come forward so we can take their account of what happened. “The cost of the criminal damage is £700 and the actions of this group forced the passengers to abandon their journey and get off the bus. “I am keen to identify the three people in these images and am urging anyone who has information that might assist our investigation, to please come forward.” Anyone with information is asked to contact Dorset Police at www.dorset.police.uk/contact, via email 101@dorset.pnn.police.uk or by calling 101, quoting occurrence number 55220100814.