Although Kate is often loaned beautiful jewels by Her Majesty the Queen from the Royal Collection for official occasions, long gone are the days of diamond tiaras and double diamond bracelets being worn at Bond premieres, such as Her Majesty wore to meet 007 at the world premiere of You Only Live Twice in 1967. Instead at the most recent James Bond premiere, No Time to Die, the future queen wore a pair of earrings from Onitaa, a London boutique specialising in South Asian jewels and clothes. Despite having many of the Queen's gemstone set jewels at her disposal, Kate's top two go-to jewellers, for her personal collection, are the Chelsea-based, Kiki McDonough and Robinson Pelham; both of whom create pieces with the whole spectrum of coloured gemstones. The jewellers, both hailing from London, have been adopted as part of the jewellery uniform for well-to-do Kensington locals like Kate. Kiki McDonough was founded in 1985 by the jewellery designer that shares the company's name. Jewellery from the brand has been displayed at Kate's local Victoria and Albert Museum. Best sellers from the brand include the Fantasy Blue Topaz and Diamond Earrings in White Gold, which cost £3,800. A classic Catherine look is a Kiki McDonough pair of earrings that coordinates, colourfully, with her dress or jacket.  READ MORE: Kate's latest eyebrow treatment? Brows at Top Gun premiere are 'bigger and more defined' Lisa Levinson from the Natural Diamond Council said: "The Duchess of Cambridge styles natural diamonds in a modern way. This blend of something old and something new is a look the Duchess has consistently worn over the last 10 years. "Kate’s approach to jewellery is parallel to her taste in clothes. The royal is known for mixing high street and high end, as well as wearing custom-made ensembles from designers such as Alexander McQueen. "Her unexpected mix of heirloom jewellery and new jewellery designers makes her style both markedly modern and unique." She wore a pair of prasiolite, diamond and green tourmaline earrings that worked perfectly with the emerald green Emilia Wickstead dress that she wore last summer at Wimbledon. She also paired lavender amethyst earrings alongside her outfit in Bhutan in 2016, inspired by the country's national kira dress. DON'T MISS'More risque': Major contrast in Kate and Meghan's wedding dresses [ANALYSIS] Kate gems that will become 'part of Princess Charlotte’s treasure box' [EXPERT] Kate in £75k of rarely-seen jewellery linked to Diana [STYLE] https://www.naturaldiamonds.com/council/ So Kate might not be inspired to emulate the Queen's dazzling diadems, or Princess Diana's knockout necklaces at film premieres. But at the recent London premiere of Top Gun 2, aka Maverick, she was escorted up the red carpet by the iconic Hollywood star Tom Cruise, appropriately sparkling in stars - a pair of diamond encrusted drop star earrings by Robinson Pelham. Robinson Pelham was founded over 20 years ago, and specialises in "bespoke statement jewels". The Robinson Pelham Tsar Star Studs and Drops cost £10,560. They are set with diamonds and cast in 18ct white gold. The brand said of the glittering style: "Our Tsar Stars and the Tsar Star drops are the ultimate in versatile earrings. Available in pink and purple sapphires, tsavorite and captivating white and gold diamond." This London jeweller, describes itself as modern British with a playful twist, and is a far cry from the big Bond Street brands, more normally associated with royalty. Rainbows of coloured gemstones, alongside diamonds, set in its quirky collections are very wearable jewels. The brand shot to fame at the Duchess's wedding in 2011 when she wore a pair of their diamond earrings gifted to her by her parents, Carole and Michael Middleton, alongside the sumptuous diamond tiara by that firmest royal favourite and Bond Street establishment, Cartier. Kate's wedding earrings were estimated to have cost £15,000. The bespoke earrings were specially commissioned for their daughter on her wedding day. The earrings were designed to reflect the newly created Middleton coat of arms, designed for the family in 2011 ahead of her marriage to Prince William. The coat of arms featured three acorns, which represented the three Middleton siblings, Pippa, Kate and James. Kate has worn the pieces on a number of occasions since her wedding, including the 2016 Order of the Garter service and the 2019 Easter Sunday service. She also owns the Robinson Pelham Oxygen Aspen Earrings, two white gold loops set with diamonds, which retail at £4,900. She wore these pieces recently at the Platinum Jubilee Party on 4 June 2022.