England will face Germany in the final of the women’s European Championships at Wembley on Sunday. The Lionesses, who beat Sweden to reach the final after three consecutive semi-final losses, face the eight-time holders Germany after they beat France 2-1 at Stadium MK. Beth Mead, Lucy Bronze, Alessia Russo and Fran Kirby were on target as Sarina Wiegman’s side produced a ruthless display to thrash Sweden in the last four and reach the final of a major tournament at the fourth time of asking. The Lionesses have won all five of their matches en route to the final at Wembley and Wiegman says her team are hoping to continue inspiring the nation after a phenomenal atmosphere at Bramall Lane on Tuesday evening following their emphatic victory. "I haven't been in the dressing room, but I think they had a little break," Wiegman said in her post-match press conference. "They are singing, the music is on and dancing. We're happy to make the final, we'll have a little celebration then tomorrow, we will focus on the final. READ MORE: England super sub Russo breaks silence on outrageous backheel "We said before the tournament and throughout that we want to inspire the nation, I think that's what we're doing and making a difference. The whole country is proud of us and even more girls and boys will want to play football.” They will face Germany in the final after a double from Alexandra Popp helped set up a mouthwatering clash between England and their old foes with a narrow win over France. Popp burst into the box to meet the delivery from Svenja Huth and volleyed home expertly past France goalkeeper Pauline Peyraud Magnin on 40 minutes to hand Germany a deserved lead after dominating the first half. But on the stroke of half-time, France hit back in bizarre circumstances when Kadidiatou Diani struck from 20 yards and her effort rebounded off the post, ricocheting off the back of Germany goalkeeper Merle Frohms and into the back of the net. England 4-0 Sweden Lionesses roar into Euro 2022 final with huge win With the game on a knife edge, Popp was first to react inside the box to head home from a cross from the right and spark wild celebrations in the stands. It means England will have to beat the eight-time winners to claim their first Euros crown at the third time of asking, but buoyed by the home crowd, they may not get a better chance. And Wiegman, who fielded the same starting line-up for the fifth consecutive game against Sweden, insists she has faith in her favoured team to get the job done against Germany/France. "We have confidence in this team, our players stay calm and stick with the plan,” the 52-year-old added. “We spoke about scenarios and sometimes things go well and sometimes things don't. We can count on each other and our task and then come back into the team." England have not only broke new ground in terms of attendees in the ground and former England international striker Ian Wright added to the plaudits, heaping praise on Wiegman’s side for inspiring a new generation. ”Whatever happens in the final, if the girls aren't allowed to play football in PE like the boys what are we doing?” Wright said. "This will inspire a lot of people. If there's no legacy after this like with the Olympics what are we doing? Girls should be able to play. This is as proud as I've ever felt of any England side." England’s semi-final victory was watched by 28,624 fans, a record for a European women's Championship semi-final. However, they look set to smash another record this weekend with a record attendance expected at Wembley on Sunday.