THE EXTENT of President Vladimir Putin’s war on Ukraine has been revealed as a new map shows how many thousands of civilians have been killed since Russia’s invasion. Russia began massing its troops along the Ukrainian border in February of last year — an exercise that continued for a few months until the summer, when personnel slowly peeled away. By October, however, the pile-up began again, and with the soldiers arrived military equipment. It would be another four months before President Vladimir Putin gave the go-ahead for those troops to cross over onto Ukrainian soil and begin the country’s full-scale invasion. Since then, while Ukraine has provided no official death toll, it is believed that thousands of its soldiers have been killed in battle. Fighting has taken place in towns and cities that were once social hubs, people’s homes having been taken over by Russian and then Ukrainian forces, turned to dust and rubble amid the missile and gun fire. While many cities are now ghost towns after mass evacuations — especially in the east of Ukraine — some ordinary citizens have either returned or in fact never left. According to Frontex — the EU's border guard — the number of Ukrainians returning to Ukraine "continues to exceed the number of people leaving the country". Ten day averages are seeing sound 37,000 Ukrainians leaving EU nations and travelling towards Ukraine By early June, over 2.5 million Ukrainians had returned home, the figure likely growing. Inevitably as in any war, civilian deaths have been prevalent. Since the invasion began on February 24, numbers from the The Armed Conflict Location & Event Data Project (Acled) suggest more than 10,000 fatalities have occured among the public. Some of the largest numbers of casualties have been in the south-east and north-east in Kharkiv and Bilohorivka, where Russian forces focused their efforts in the early stages of the war. In the last three months, 3,114 battles, 2,285 explosions or remote violence and 262 violent acts against civilians have taken place. In April, in the city of Bucha, situated just north of Kyiv, a massacre of Ukrainian civilians by Russian soldiers took place, with Ukrainian forces who recaptured the city finding victims with their hands tied behind their backs having been executed — with some even decapitated. Commenting on the atrocities, UN High Commissioner for Human Rights Michelle Bachelet said: “Almost every resident in Bucha our colleagues spoke to told us about the death of a relative, a neighbour or even a stranger. READ MORE:Biden sends two warships to Spain to bolster NATO defence “We know much more needs to be done to uncover what happened there and we also know Bucha is not an isolated incident,” said the High Commissioner. Figures suggest 300 locals were killed in the town with 280 bodies discovered in a single mass grave. Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov disputed the evidence at Bucha, suggesting that the Ukrainian authorities “faked” many of the images and videos that streamed onto social media when the city was eventually liberated in April. He said: “Experts at the Ministry of Defence have identified signs of video fakes and various fakes. “We would demand that many international leaders do not rush to sweeping accusations and at least listen to our arguments.” It is not only Bucha that has experienced mass civilian deaths, as cities like Mariupol, which came under heavy and repeated siege, were filled with people in hiding. DON'T MISS: Ukraine war MAPPED: How much of Ukraine does Russia control? [INSIGHT]EU blasted: Brussels set to approve 'multi-billion-euro gift' to Putin [ANALYSIS]EU in all-out civil war over plan to 'feed Putin's war machine' [REPORT] Matilda Bogner, head of the UN Human Rights Monitoring Mission in Ukraine, told the BBC: “In total, we estimate [in addition to the confirmed deaths] that at least 3,000 civilians have died in besieged or contested cities because they couldn't get medical care and because of the stress on their health amid the hostilities.” The leading cause of civilian deaths is from shelling and strikes from the air, a number of reports suggest. Yet, according to Acled, almost 1,000 civilians have been killed in attacks at close range. Many of these came from the time of the siege of Kyiv, which began in the early days of the war and lasted until late March. This was around the time that Russia’s claims that its air strikes were only targeting military infrastructure ran in stark contrast to the reality of missiles hitting things like tower blocks and housing units. Places like Kyiv were largely left alone after that, as Putin refocused his efforts on the east of the country where Russia is today making serious gains. But this is not to say that cities like Kyiv and others in the north and west are no longer targets: just last month a train repair facility in the capital was targeted by missiles.