Former Chancellor Rishi Sunak announced a new wave of cost of living payments to help families who are struggling with the soaring inflation and rising energy bills. Included in the support is targeted payments for people who have a disability or long-term health condition. People claiming (PIP) are entitled to at least £700 in support and it will be broken up into separate payments all paid on different dates. The Government introduced a £150 Disability Cost of Living Payment for around six million people across the UK who receive health and disability benefits including PIP. The single lump sum payment will go to those who get any of the following: In order to get the £150, claimants must have been eligible for one of the above benefits on May 25, 2022. It will be paid into benefit accounts from this September, the DWP confirmed. READ MORE: Cost of living: Pensioners not eligible could still get £650 payment but deadline looms Alternatively, some councils are sending out vouchers to those without debits that can be redeemed at the post office, or it could (as a last resort) end up being applied as a credit on your council tax bill. Britons should check with their council, local councillor or welfare agency if they do not have a direct debit and are not sure how to get the money. Lastly, PIP claimants can also expect to receive the £400 from the Energy Bills Support Scheme. Originally, the Government had announced a £200 energy rebate that would have had to be repaid over the following five years, in £40 instalments. READ MORE: Dave Ramsey explains whether woman, 57, should sell home and downsize to fund retirement But it has since changed this scheme, doubling it to £400 and making it a non-repayable grant. All households with a domestic electricity meter will get the cash over a six-month period from October, while direct debit and credit customers will see it credited to their energy account. The money will come from energy suppliers. Customers with pre-payment meters will get the money applied to their meter or paid via a voucher. Tenants whose energy bill is part of an all-inclusive rent payment may not receive the £400 as the money would go to the landlord, with Citizens Advice warning that more than half a million people around the UK could miss out if property owners fail to pass on the rebate. The Government says in its guidance: "We recognise that there are certain situations where a third party will be responsible for the bill (and be named on it). “In these situations, any charges should then be passed onto the end user, typically through all-inclusive rent (landlord or tenant) or pitch charges (for example park homes). We are exploring this issue as we continue to develop the policy." Anyone living off the electricity grid will not qualify for the payment. Ofgem estimates there are around 500 to 2,000 households in the UK that are not on mains power but rely on other sources of fuel such as wood, coal, or propane gas cylinders.