The daughter of the late Republican Presidential nominee John McCain made fun of the idea Meghan Markle could launch her bid to become President of the United States. Royal commentators have speculated the Duchess of Sussex has shown hints she could make an entry into US politics, as she has multiplied her political activities. She has asked the US Congress to legislate paid family leave, placed herself in the company of the Obamas and the Bidens, and said in an interview with Vogue that "I will be taking a trip to DC soon." Speaking to GB News, Ms McCain laughed off that suggestion, saying: "Meghan is floating running for president, which I just think would be absolutely hilarious because you know America is a big place. “She would have to go to red states with people who make under $100,000 a year. She’d have to go to state fairs. She’d have to meet people who love God and love the Constitution. "And I think her and Prince Harry’s problem is that they’re staying in those city enclaves in New York and California. And they’re not really meeting Americans. "But I think they should leave if they hate it here so much."  GB News’ Dan Wooton exclaimed: "Yes!" In an interview with Vogue’s Gloria Steinem, Meghan Markle dropped a subtle hint about her potentially upcoming candidacy to become President. Reflecting on the Supreme Court's decision to overturn Roe v. Wade – a landmark decision that guaranteed women the right to have an abortion at the federal level – she addressed the need to "band together" against it and "not wallow." "We have to do the work," she added, fuelling speculations she is eyeing a role in politics. READ MORE: Prince Harry ‘not pleased’ with Meghan’s ‘clingy’ behaviour In her most overtly political comments she made since she left the Royal Family, the Duchess of Sussex said the ruling was "a blueprint for reversing rights. The ruling is a signal about the future of same-sex marriage, contraception access, and many fundamental rights to privacy. It feels like the tip of the iceberg and is part of why people feel so scared." Royal expert Russel Myers told Lorraine that Meghan Markle is taking all the right steps to secure support for her own potential presidential bid. "She's certainly rubbing shoulders with the right people and making the right noises," said the royal commentator, adding: "They've got their financial freedom. DON'T MISS:Meghan Markle 'snubs father on birthday' [REVEAL]Royal Family LIVE: Now remove titles! Meghan and Harry Sussex row [LIVE]Meghan Markle pays to Princess Diana on night out with Prince Harry [REPORT] "They've got their essential freedom from the royal family so they can speak on political issues." Joe Biden’s sister, Valerie Biden Owens, suggested in an interview with Good Morning Britain that "of course", the Duchess of Sussex would be a viable candidate for President. "It's wonderful to have women in politics," she said. "The more women we have the better our democratic system will work. We welcome her to come in and join the Democratic party." READ NEXT:Meghan shocks fan with selfie during girls' lunch date in New YorkMeghan Markle and Harry 'clearly a love match'Harry and Meghan 'not showing love' claims royal author LevinAmericans 'furious' at Prince Harry as Duke's speech to UN 'backfires'Prince Harry 'very, very nervous' with public speaking notes expert