Fred Sirieix has insisted, despite a successful run on Strictly's Christmas Special last year, that he doesn't have what it takes on the dancefloor. "Some people have it and some people don't. I don't have it!" he told us candidly. The Celebrity Gogglebox personality has confessed that each dance routine took an unexpectedly long time to learn and perfect, and that he's not convinced he could pull it off again due to his hectic work schedule. "The thing is just time... It took me three weeks exactly to get the one and a half minute routine that we performed," he explained. "If it takes me three weeks to get a one and a half minute dance routine, when do you have the week to nail just one dance?" "It's just something else. I mean you've gotta be there all day, every day, five days a week and you have to do it for ten hours - dancing, dancing, dancing, dancing. READ NOW: Fern Britton mocks 'toy boy' Boris over Carrie as she carries baby "It's very, very hard. You've gotta remember all the moves and not only that, but you've gotta perform them correctly, you've gotta be gracious," he observed. "Some people have it and some people don't. I don't have it - but I'm happy to work hard," he continued. Fred is a keen sportsman and enjoys adrenalin-fuelled pursuits such as boxing, which he believes endowed him with some transferrable skills for the dance floor. When asked if the stamina he's built during boxing training has helped on Strictly, he agreed emphatically. He added: "The timing is very important [too], although my timing with dancing is not so good." In spite of his claims that he lacks what it takes, the Christmas special was an exhilarating experience which, schedule allowing, he'd still like to repeat. "I really enjoyed it. It's one of the greatest challenges that I've done," he beamed. "It was a lot of fun and made me feel like I'd achieved something, so it was very good for the body and the soul." READ NOW: Rafael Nadal's sweary rant after question about his wife Xisca Perello [DEBATE] Christian Horner admits 'problem' at home with Geri Halliwell [LATEST] Martin Freeman admits ‘it’s hard not to feel hurt’ over kids [INSIGHT]  The First Dates star, who is also known for his road trip exploits with chefs Gordon Ramsay and Gino D'Acampo, also has his eye on other future shows. "I'm limited [only] by the extent of my imagination," he declared. "Some people have a wider imagination than I do, so when something comes up, we'll discuss it." "It might be something that I have no idea about - we'll see what comes up!" He added: "It's important to do different things. Otherwise you keep doing the same stuff which is rather boring. "I've never done that in my life. I like to experiment and experience, try different things and learn. "I didn't wanna be constrained by doing one thing and one thing only." With his Celebrity Gogglebox appearance with fiancee he has nicknamed Fruitcake having gone down a treat with Twitter fans, it's highly likely that his range of TV projects will continue to increase.