Drivers in Newton Abbot, Devon, rushed to discount retail park Trago Mills, which has the cheapest fuel in the country, according to the RAC's FuelWatch. Petrol is selling at 164.9p per litre. Diesel costs 179.9p. According to Confused.com's petrol checker, the average for petrol in Britain yesterday was 191.2p per litre while diesel's average sat at 199.1p. Meanwhile, 250 miles away in Walkden, Salford, the Limes Service Station slashed its petrol price from 186.9p a litre to 169.9p. Diesel is now available for 185.9p per litre. Owner Hassan Mohammed, who lives in Bolton, said: "People's disposable incomes are being affected in a major way and we know that petrol is one of the biggest costs for people." "We thought we'd like to do something for our community in Walkden. We've been here for seven years now and we've always tried to support our community." Hassan says the plan is to keep fuel prices as low as possible for at least the next week so that people can take advantage of the reduction. He added: "It's not a gimmick. We want to help people save a bit of money." "We're putting a lot into it and we hope we can sustain it for a minimum of seven days, but as petrol and diesel are a commodity, their prices do fluctuate." Locals and passers-by took to social media to share their thoughts on the price drop. One driver in Greater Manchester wrote on Twitter: "Just seen cars queuing for petrol at 169.9p a litre in Walkden, down from 186.9p last night." "Crazy but at least some forecourts are moving, unlike major energy companies who are paying only a fifth of what wholesale prices were a few months ago." Reacting to the fuel price cut in Devon, one woman explained: "If Trago Mills can do it, then so can others. No excuses." Their price for unleaded petrol has still seen an increase - having been 153.9p in April - but is now the cheapest in the UK. The RAC said: "We monitor both wholesale and retail fuel prices daily, including those at the UK's supermarkets and urge retailers to pass on cost savings to motorists when they can be made."