After the arrival of Calvin Ramsey from Aberdeen, Liverpool looked to have wrapped up their summer spending early in the window. However, Juventus appear to have gifted them the chance to add another fresh face in the dressing room, and if accepted could affect their 2023 transfer plans. Roberto Firmino is out of contract in 2023 and the writing is on the wall that he is becoming surplus to requirements at Anfield. He started just ten games last season, coming off of the bench another ten times, and scored five and assisted four. Throughout his time with the Reds, Jurgen Klopp has often looked to the Brazilian to create chances for Mohamed Salah and Sadio Mane – and thus criticised for his unfavourable goalscoring output. But the arrivals of Diogo Jota, Luis Diaz and Darwin Nunez suggest that Firmino is unlikely to be rewarded with a new deal. However, Juventus have offered Liverpool the chance to cash in on their playmaking no.9, with reports that they are willing to swap the former Hoffenheim star with their Adrien Rabiot – who is also out of contract next summer. But if the deal is greenlighted, some would suggest that the Frenchman would arrive as a Plan B option for 2023 top target Jude Bellingham. READ MORE: Man Utd hatch Frenkie de Jong announcement plan as transfer deal enters 'final stages' The England international is expected to be the Reds’ priority next summer, with a deal this year unlikely due to Manchester City signing Erling Haaland already. However, according to AS, Real Madrid have a similar plan up their sleeve and will attempt to lure the former Birmingham City star to the Santiago Bernabeu. They report that Bellingham is seen as the ideal successor for Luka Modric, who will become a free agent in 2023 following his recent one-year contract extension. And having missed out on Kylian Mbappe already this summer, they should be able to offer the young prospect a significant financial package. Rabiot, 27, was a key figure in Juventus’ side last season but has been linked with a move to the Premier League throughout his career. And given that he is unlikely to pen a short-term deal with his next club now that he is coming into his prime, he will be seen as a signing that can impact a team over the coming seasons. Bellingham, on the other hand, is just 19 years old and one of the brightest young talents in world football – thus Liverpool signing him would be incredibly business and also a huge sign of intent given that Dortmund will demand over £100m for his services. But by greenlighting Juventus’ proposition then one has to wonder just how confident they are of landing Bellingham. Perhaps the fear of Madrid making Bellingham a Galactico is greater than they would like to admit if they swap Firmino for Rabiot.