The Baby is a horror-comedy that sees an infant with deadly powers fall into the lap of a woman who never wanted children of her own. The Sky limited series will follow Natasha's (played by Michelle De Swarte) journey as she desperately tries to figure out what to do next. Here's everything Express.co.uk knows about The Baby. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Baby. The Baby originally premiered in the States on HBO and HBO Max on Sunday, April 24. At the time, it was announced the series would also be airing in the UK but with no release date confirmed. Thankfully, it has since been revealed that The Baby will debut on Thursday, July 7 at 9pm on Sky Atlantic. The series is going to be made up of eight episodes in total, with a new instalment airing in the same timeslot every Thursday. READ MORE: Outlander’s Caitriona Balfe details Claire scene she didn’t film   If you're not able to watch the dark comedy as it airs live on Sky Atlantic, there is an alternative. Streaming service NOW belongs to Sky so all of its content is released on there. The Baby will be no different as the entire eight-episode boxset is now ready to stream on NOW. So there is no need to wait every week for The Baby's next part if viewers wish to binge-watch it all in one go. The title episodes from Sky Atlantic's The Baby have now been released: Episode 1 - The Arrival Episode 2 - The Seduction Episode 3 - The Bulldozer Episode 4 - The Mother Episode 5 - The Baby Episode 6 - The Rage Episode 7 - The Curse Episode 8 - The Possession DON'T MISS...Kate Garraway’s trousers ‘split wide open’ as GMB host panics [VIDEO]Boo Bitch cast: Who is in the cast of the Netflix series? [CAST]Thor Love and Thunder end credits scenes: Thor 5 teased with new god [TEASER]  The Baby tells the story of Natasha, who is growing annoyed at her friends for having children. As someone who has never wanted to be a mum, she struggles to figure out where she fits in as they start their own families. This is when things take a sinister turn as she comes across a controlling and manipulative baby that turns her life upside down. As the series goes on, Natasha discovers the true extent of its powers and makes desperate attempts to get rid of it.   Leading the cast as Natasha is actress Michelle De Swarte who is best known for Katherine Ryan's The Duchess on Netflix. She is joined by Sense8 star Amira Ghazalla, Delicious' Tanya Reynolds and Wrecked's Amber Grappy. Also starring is actress Isy Suttie who is probably best known for playing Dobby in the comedy Peep Show. The Baby premieres on Thursday, July 7, at 9pm on Sky Atlantic and is available to watch on streaming service NOW.