Tennis star Nick Kyrgios admitted he is excited to team up with Jack Sock for the doubles event in Washington - but the Australian revealed he feels pressure when partnered with the American. Kyrgios and Sock have linked up several times in the past and are set to do so again at the Citi Open in Washington DC, which begins on Saturday 30 July. Kyrgios captivated fans around the world during his run to the Wimbledon final, enthralling fans with spectacularly entertaining wins over Stefanos Tsitsipas and Cristian Garin. However, the 27-year-old fell to Djokovic in an engrossing final as the Serb claimed his 21st Grand Slam title with a 4-6 6-3 6-4 7-6 (7-3) victory. The Australian is renowned for his on-court antics and outbursts as well as his press conferences as much as he is known for his sensational shot-making ability. At Wimbledon, Kyrgios enjoyed his best-ever performance at a Grand Slam as he reached his first ever major final. Sock is a four-time Grand Slam champion in doubles and is generally considered as one of the finest doubles players in the world, even though his primary focus is on singles. The 29-year-old occasionally plays doubles amid his singles career. Kyrgios and Sock debuted as a team in 2015 and have played together at least once per year in seven of the last eight seasons. In 2018, the duo won the Lyon doubles title - and the Australian hopes to return to winning ways with Sock despite the pressure that comes with playing alongside him. READ MORE: Djokovic's coach shares long-time Federer theory which is coming true “It’s happening [and] I am super excited,” Kyrgios said. “I love playing with Jack because he is hands down the best player in the world, but at the same time I hate playing with him because there is so much pressure on me because he wins with absolutely anyone he plays with. “But I got that monkey off my back in Lyon [in 2018], we got a title under the belt in Metz. I can tell me grandkids I got a title with the best doubles player in the world.” Their outing in Washington will be the second time this season the pair have played together after they competed in Houston in April. They suffered a surprise quarter-final loss to Matej and Ivan Sabanov, but Sock is looking forward to linking back up with Kyrgios after hearing the Australian’s comments on the doubles star. DON'T MISSNick Kyrgios backed by fellow Aussie in umpire wars Novak Djokovic US Open row erupts as 'close-minded dummies' slammedEmma Raducanu explains being 'isolated' for choosing tennis career “I’ll take it, coming from the guy who just made the crazy run at Wimby, one of the most talented in the world as we know,” Sock said. “Probably the most talented basketball player in the world. “Nick and I gel so well together on the court. On and off the court we have a blast, we have been friends for a long time off the court, starting with video games and here we are.” Kyrgios has enjoyed doubles success of his own in 2022 as he became a Grand Slam champion at the Australian Open paired with his friend Thanasi Kokkinakis. The duo were victorious in the men’s doubles bracket, and Kyrgios has not won a doubles title since then.