A Place In The Sun host Jasmine Harman, 46, took to Instagram and paid tribute to her beloved dog Jet as she revealed he died suddenly after a "tragic accident. The Channel 4 favourite admitted she has been left heartbroken. Taking to the picture-sharing site yesterday, the mum-of-two uploaded a video montage of her beloved pooch, which included a series of photos of Jet over the years. The candid clip was accompanied by the tear-jerking song, Somewhere Over The Rainbow. In view of her 106,000 followers, she penned: "RIP Jet. I’ve been putting off posting this because I didn’t want it to be real. "I just wanted to wake up from this awful nightmare where our darling boy has gone to the Rainbow Bridge. My heart is broken. READ MORE: Kate Hudson's brother reacts to actress going topless "A tragic accident and he is taken from us far, far too soon. Always happy, gentle, loved his family & his doggy & hooman friends. "Life will be less sweet without you Jetty Confetti! We love you and will miss you always. You big goofball." She continued: "Thank you for the joy, laughter and love you have brought to us over the past 2½ years. You were adored by everyone who met you. Run free my angel. I will see you again one day. Mummy loves you. [Heartbreak emoji]." Jasmine added the hashtags: "#dogsofinstagram #rip #bestdogever #furbaby #labernese #missyou."  The on-screen presenter did not go into detail about how Jet sadly died at just two-and-half years old. Jasmine was soon inundated with messages of support as fans reacted to the news. Susan Bloomers wrote: "So sorry to read this … thinking of you all." Victoria Pearce remarked: "So so sorry to hear this. Thoughts are with you." DON'T MISS... Oti Mabuse flaunts long legs in skintight lacy dress at Wimbledon[LATEST]Victoria Beckham has banned daughter Harper from social media[ADMISSION]Natalie Portman dazzles in red dress and rose crown at Thor premiere[PICTURES] Norma Wilkie wrote: "Awww Jasmine, I'm so very sorry to hear this sad news about Jet, it's the worst pain ever when a pet leaves us. Jet has left a big pawprint and happy memories in you and your family's hearts and he'll always be with you. RIP beautiful Jet." Ian Barber added: "RIP so sad losing special pets that are part of the family. Sending happy thoughts in memory." Jasmine welcomed Jet into the family back in 2019 and took to social media to gush about the new arrival. Alongside the sweet picture of herself holding her new pet pooch, the presenter wrote: “Big news for the New Year - We have a new arrival!!! Meet Jet, our new furry family member. “The children are absolutely besotted with him (as are we!) he’s been with us for a few weeks now and has settled beautifully.” Jasmine said they were all looking forward to making plenty of lovely memories with their furry friend. “Can’t wait for lots of lovely walks and puppy play with him throughout 2020 and for many years to come because #adogisforlife and I can barely articulate how lovely it is to have a pooch in the house again after 5 years,” she continued. “It’s hard work and a big commitment of course, but so rewarding! We start puppy school next week with @dogstrust.” Jasmine added: “#puppylove #crossbreed #newarrival #dogsofinstagram #instadog #puppiesofinstagram #puppy #happynewyear #furbaby.” 