The leading forecaster took the highly unusual step of issuing an amber danger to life warning for extreme heat yesterday, with it coming into force for the entirety of Sunday, July 17 when thermometers are due to hit the late 30s. But with temperatures set to take an upward turn yet again next Monday, potentially reaching a dangerous 40C, the Met Office has now extended its alert for a 48 hour period. The wrath of the uncomfortable humidity is due to be felt in many places until at least early next week. People are urged to take extra precautions to keep themselves safe, such as changing their routine to cope with the heat.   An amber warning means there is danger to life and that fit and healthy people are also susceptible to being affected by adverse heat. It comes after the government reportedly held an emergency COBRA meeting yesterday in a bid to draw up a heatwave response plan. The country is on the brink of a level 4 national emergency heatwave - which if implemented will be the first time in history. But the UK Health Authority is currently refusing to speculate as to whether the government will give it the green light.  A Met Office spokesman said: "Temperatures will rise again later this week and over the coming weekend, likely peaking on Sunday and Monday, but may last into Tuesday in places. "Some exceptionally high temperatures are possible and cumulative effects of warm nights and hot days are expected to bring widespread impacts to people and infrastructure." The warning also urges people to think before they travel, with "significant welfare issues" for those who experience even moderate delays on public transport or in traffic jams. And it also says there will be a surge of people heading to the coastline, where temperatures may be a tad cooler, but the risk of water safety incidents increases. READ MORE: Drivers warned of common heatwave car problems Interactive maps show the heatwave will most definitely peak on Sunday, Monday and even on Tuesday where temperatures will sit comfortably in the mid 30s, potentially hitting 40C on Monday. Ambulance crews are begging people to think before they call 999 and utilise the 111 medical helpline where possible. Water companies are also asking residents to be mindful of their consumption as this often sharply increases during hot weather. And Network Rail has also warned many of its services may be halted or delayed in the coming days due to the tracks heating up, expanding and buckling under the extreme heat. DON'T MISS: Fury as Extinction Rebellion protesters occupy a mine for second day [REPORT] Mum with cancer forced to come out of retirement due to 'no EU staff' [REVEALED] Oprah’s advice to Harry and Meghan amid row [LATEST] Met Office Deputy Chief Meteorologist Rebekah Sherwin said: "Temperatures are likely to peak at 33C in the southeast, with warm weather likely to continue throughout this week and it looks likely to ramp up late this week and into early next week. “From Sunday and into Monday, temperatures are likely to be in excess of 35C in the southeast, although the details still remain uncertain. Elsewhere, temperatures could be fairly widely above 32C in England and Wales, and in the mid-to-high 20s Celsius further north.” Dr Agostinho Sousa, Head of Extreme Events and Health Protection at UKHSA, said: “Most of us can enjoy the hot weather when it arrives, but it is important to keep yourself hydrated and to find shade where possible when UV rays are strongest, between 11am and 3pm. If you have vulnerable family, friends and neighbours, make sure they are aware of how they can keep themselves protected from the warm weather.’’  