Youri Tielemans twice has expected to join Arsenal, according to reports. The Leicester star is claimed to have 'always wanted' to move to the Gunners and was close to joining before he left Monaco for the Foxes in 2019. Tielemans remains a target for Arsenal this summer. Rumours regarding a potential move to north London have been rife since the turn of the year, with his Leicester contract expiring in 2023. CBS Sports reporter Ben Jacobs claims the 25-year-old first thought a move would happen in January and then expected a deal to go through as soon as this summer's window opened. Arsenal's interest also dates back to his previous club Monaco. Jacobs says the race is now open for Tielemans in this window as Arsenal are yet to act on their interest. He tweeted: "Tielemans has always ideally wanted Arsenal (he even almost joined before Monaco), and thought the move would happen both in January (for this summer) and when the window opened. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd announcement, Chelsea signing 'very close', De Jong update  "But Arsenal still haven't put down a bid making it a pretty open race for his signature as of now." The Gunners' interest in Tielemans has previously been endorsed by their former midfielder Ray Parlour. Parlour reckons the Belgian would be an ideal addition to Mikel Arteta's side. He told talkSPORT in June: “As you mentioned, Tielemans is a really good ball-player. They have got [Thomas] Partey, who had his injury problems last season. “He missed quite a lot of games. You have got [Albert Sambi] Lokonga, who is going to get better and he’s still young. “But I think that’s the area. [Granit] Xhaka is getting that little bit older. I think that’s the area they really need to look at. DON'T MISSMan Utd star Cristiano Ronaldo offers one-word response to Sporting transfer rumoursArsenal told Oleksandr Zinchenko's not enough and Gunners could 'be cut adrift' from SpursChelsea 'very close' to signing Jules Kounde as Thomas Tuchel gets Barcelona revenge  “Get balls through the line and Tielemans would be ideal. Let’s hope, with my Arsenal hat on, they can somehow get him over the line." Arsenal have made four signings so far this summer and are set to add Oleksandr Zinchenko after agreeing a £30million fee with Manchester City. The Ukraine star will become the club's second signing from City following the £45m acquisition of Gabriel Jesus. Jesus scored in the 2-0 pre-season friendly win over Everton overnight on Saturday. USA goalkeeper Matt Turner was the only other new face to feature against the Toffees. 