Ukrainian MP Kira Rudik told Express.co.uk about Russian President Vladimir Putin's possible plans to use various leverages against the West. Ms Rudik discussed Western countries depending on Russian energy and how Putin may cut off countries dependent on his energy resources, in order to gain the upper hand in the ongoing illegal invasion of Ukraine this autumn. Ms Rudik claimed Putin may push for the West to lift the imposed financial sanctions by leveraging whatever he can.  The Ukrainian MP warned that the war in Ukraine will be ongoing and that Ukraine needed more support from NATO-aligned countries in the West in order to hold off the Russian onslaught. Ms Rudik told Express.co.uk: "We will get to autumn, and in autumn Putin will use all the leverages he can to strain the Western countries that depend on his energy resources. "And he would want to lift the sanctions and push Ukraine for peace unifications to freeze the situation as it is right now. "And we will not allow that because it is our people and our land. "This is why the conflict will be ongoing and we will be needing more and more support to fight him. JUST IN: Brexit now ‘in serious danger’: Widdecombe warns Rejoiners ‘licking lips’ over new EU plot     Ms Rudik added: "You know it is existential, he cannot stand that Ukraine can be successful and can exist. "And we cannon allow him to kill us because we want to live so badly."  Putin has been accused by Western Governments of withholding large amounts of grain which would usually be bought by countries around the globe. Ukraine has been described as the bread basket of Europe due to its mass production of wheat, barley, and maize. Timothy Snyder, Levin Professor of History at Yale explained Putin's plan to starve the world. READ MORE: BBC QT: 'Couldn't afford to!' Audience member demands greater support for youth In a Twitter thread Mr Snyder wrote:  In a Twitter thread, he said: “Russia has a hunger plan. Vladimir Putin is preparing to starve much of the developing world as the next stage in his war in Europe.” Mr Snyder added: “In normal times, Ukraine is a leading exporter of foodstuffs. "A Russian naval blockade now prevents Ukraine from exporting grain. "If the Russian blockade continues, tens of millions of tons of food will rot in silos, and tens of millions of people in Africa and Asia will starve." "The horror of Putin's hunger plan is so great that we have a hard time apprehending it. We also tend to forget how central food is to politics. Some historical examples can help." Mr Snyder concluded: “Russia is planning to starve Asians and Africans in order to win its war in Europe. This is a new level of colonialism, and the latest chapter of hunger politics.”  DON’T MISS: ‘Hopeless!’ Loyal aide quits in blow for Biden as POTUS attacked by allies[INSIGHT]Joe Biden torn to shreds by former Margaret Thatcher aide - 'Completely shameless!' [REVEAL]Kate shows off photography skills with intimate behind the scenes snap of Camilla [SPOTLIGHT]     IEA Executive Director Fatih Birol has been warning of the possibility that Putin cutting the West off from Russian oil completely, in an effort to gain leverage. Mr Birol told Reuters: “Considering this recent behaviour, I wouldn't rule out Russia continuing to find different issues here and there and continuing to find excuses to further reduce gas deliveries to Europe. “[It could] maybe even cut it off completely.” Mr Birol stressed: “This is the reason Europe needs contingency plans" 