Long-running soap star's weight loss transformations have kept fans intrigued over the years. Coronation Street icon Sue Cleaver, who plays Eileen Grimshaw on the ITV soap, managed to lose a whopping three stone by following one diet alone that's been hailed for its numerous health benefits. And it helped her drop from a size 16 to a 12, too. Sue's weight loss journey began back in 2016 when she decided to kick-start a new chapter in her life. The Sun revealed she joined the thousands of people following the Mediterranean diet, which is packed with nutritional foods such as fruits, vegetables, whole grains, and heart-healthy fats. It usually includes a low intake of meat and dairy foods, including foods with high sugar content. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake She was motivated to make a change after she was left unhappy with what she saw on the bathroom scales. A source previously told Woman magazine that Sue was always a "self-confessed foodie". "[She] admitted that over-indulgence was her Achilles Heel. Now everything’s changed," they explained. "Sue’s in her mid 50s so it was a no-brainer that cutting down on certain things was what she had to do. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] "She’s in this for the long game and wants to live a long, happy and healthy life." The source went on to explain that losing the weight and keeping it off was not only important for Sue, but also for the men in her life - her partner and son Elliot. There's not much to the Mediterranean diet, as there are no strict rules to follow. It does however recommend that skimmers limit: Added sugar - soda, candies, ice cream, table sugar, syrup, and baked goods READ MORE: Fitness: How to 'increase fat burning' in a heatwave - expert advice Refined grains - white bread, pasta, tortillas, chips, crackers Trans fats - margarine, fried foods, and other processed foods Refined oils - soybean oil, canola oil, cottonseed oil, grape-seed oil Processed meat - processed sausages, hot dogs, deli meats, beef jerky Highly processed foods - fast food, convenience meals, microwave popcorn, granola bars Sue successfully overhauled her diet and fitness while suffering from type 2 diabetes, a condition in which a person’s blood sugar (glucose) levels become too high. Adjusting a person's diet and being active is also important alongside medication. People should eat a wide range of foods, including fruit, vegetables and some starchy foods like pasta, and keep sugar, fat and salt to a minimum - all the Mediterranean diet offers. In the past, she has spoken in support of Diabetes Week, where she told Diabetes Advice: "Having good control of diabetes is really important. "After all, people with the condition live with it every day, taking care of their diet and physical activity."