Martina Navratilova was a last-minute removal from today's Centre Court presentation after testing positive for Covid. The retired tennis legend was due to attend the royal box today after taking part in celebrations to mark 100 years of Wimbledon's main showcourt but was forced out at the last minute. The 167-time singles title winner has been working with the BBC team alongside Sue Barker this week, raising concerns over whether the virus could spread among the pundits. Two former finalists in Matteo Berrettini and Marin Cilic were forced to pull out of Wimbledon ahead of their respective first matches after testing positive for Covid while 2019 runner-up Roberto Bautista Agut joined them days later. And it appears the Covid chaos at the All England Club has now hit the BBC team with former pro Martina Navratilova testing positive hours after presenting in the studio alongside Sue Barker and Anne Keothavong. The nine-time Wimbledon champion was set to be a part of today's Centre Court centenary celebrations and attend the royal box afterwards but was then removed from the list of attendees before confirming she had tested positive. "Unfortunately I will miss it as I just tested positive this morning," the tennis legend said in a tweet this morning after being asked about today's BBC coverage. "Am so bummed!!!!" Navratilova's positive Covid test will send shockwaves through the BBC team, with Sue Barker in the middle of presenting her last-ever Wimbledon. The pair were together in the indoors studio last night following Nick Kyrgios and Stefanos Tsitsipas' blockbuster match. JUST IN: Why isn't Federer playing Wimbledon this year? Will he play again?  It was announced ahead of this year's grass-court season that Barker would be stepping down from her role as the anchor of the BBC's Wimbledon coverage at the conclusion of this year's Championships after 30 years. "What a wonderful time I’ve had working on some of the biggest sporting events around the world," the 66-year-old said in a statement announcing the news. "I will miss it terribly but after 30 years I feel the time is right for me. I’ve worked with the best of the best." The TV legend is still taking part in today's ceremony as she joins John McEnroe on hosting duties, while Roger Federer will attend. DON'T MISSFederer made Kyrgios 'circus' claim years before Tsitsipas disputeNick Kyrgios' nephew's adorable reaction to Stefanos Tsitsipas winWimbledon fans accused of watching Nick Kyrgios 'for wrong reasons'   Tim Davie, Director-General BBC will also be in the royal box today and, speaking about Sue Barker's decision to step down from her role as the Wimbledon anchor, said: “Sue Barker has been the face and voice of Wimbledon for three decades. Many of our viewers will not know of a summer in SW19 without her. "She is a consummate professional, an outstanding presenter and a wonderful colleague, loved by current and former players, all of us at the BBC and audiences across the UK and beyond." 