The plant expert, who co-presents Love Your Garden, said these plants are perfect if you’ve got “a horrible-looking wall, some trellis or you want to hide the wheelie bins”. He also said the plants are great for “skirting underneath trees”. He continued: “Take a look at climbers and creepers because the ground covers and the beautiful adorning of walls, it’s like carpet for your ground and wallpaper at the same time. “Turning eye sores into beauty in your garden this summer.” Here are some of David’s climbers and creepers: This plant is also known as a five-leaved ivy because of its clusters of five leaflets on each compound leaf. David said this plant uses a combination of twiners and suckers to climb grow upwards. The plant’s leaves turn bright scarlet once temperatures cool down. READ MORE: Baking soda cleaning: 5 areas to clean - from sinks to showers David said this is a “practical” one as it can also be used as a burglar deterrent when grown underneath windows. He said: “It’s got thorns as well so grow it underneath the window and it makes your window slightly burglar proof because they’re so thorny. “Good for birds because it has berries and flowers.”. The gardening expert said roses are great climbers and come in specific climbing varieties. David showed viewers ‘Bridge of Sighs’ which is a large flowered climbing rose which has a strong, fruity scent. DON'T MISSHow to prune lavender and what to do with the cuttings [INSIGHT]Chatsworth secret garden unseen for 300 years revealed in heatwave [UPDATE]‘Time to stop’ Secret trick to guarantee your rhubarb harvest [ANALYSIS] “It’s got masses of fragrance that goes with it and beautiful blooms. “So, on a sunny wall or onto a pergola, it will grow up.” Star Jasmine is known for its strong, floral scent. The plant is evergreen and uses its tendrils to twine and climb. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea The plant climbs best up a trellis or wires and will give gardens masses of colour. Honeysuckle is a popular plant which has twining vines. The plant has a strong scent and pretty, tubular flowers. The plant is perfect for covering walls, fences and pergolas.  They make the perfect plant for a cottage garden but there are other types available for those looking for evergreen or shrubby types. David said the clematis is a “real favourite” which comes in a plethora of different colours and sizes. This plant uses its leaves to anchor itself and grow up things. This Morning can be streamed on the ITV Hub.