All totally untrue, hence the substantial damages. Nobody seems to know where Bashir got his information but needless to say it was false.  My problem is that the BBC does not actually get fined, the licence payers foot the bill when it really should be Bashir and those people at the Beeb who rubber-stamped the programme for broadcast. Once again it is the viewers who are paying the price. What is it with these charities, Lefty lawyers and rubbish Border Force that they can't see the wood for the trees? There is not a single person who had not guessed some illegal migrants ferried here would quickly disappear, says Susan Dance from Harrogate, North Yorkshire. Now we have the possibility of terrorists wandering freely around the country with no knowledge of where they are. But if I break the speed limit by 5mph the heavens will descend on me because I am an easy target to generate revenue. What a surprise! Some of these "poor people fleeing persecution" are "ne'er-do-wells". Perhaps some of the do-gooders who blocked Priti Patel's every effort may now be having second thoughts, says William Robinson from Leeds. I urge them to wake up and live in the real world.  With what authority does Ron Jobes speak for the "majority of people?" I agree with Ann Widdecombe about Camilla being Queen, says Freda Joshua from Hertford. She also has the Queen's endorsement. It's time people stopped pining for Diana and labelling Camilla public enemy No1. She has kept her head down and done an enormous amount of good work for this country. I cannot speak for the majority of people but I and many others want Camilla for Queen. Congratulations to the wonderful sports team at the Daily Express for the coverage of Euro 2022, says Jo Cody from Llantwit Major, South Glamorgan. England's Lionesses have proved worthy of their name, and it has been lovely to read the full story rather than the usual couple of inches at the bottom of a page. I hope this will continue even after the Euros, as the women have worked so hard to bring the game into the public eye. The men could learn some lessons too, such as respect for the referee and forgetting the drama classes. I do not watch men's football as too many players think it is all about them, rather than team spirit so apparent in the women's teams.   