Sergio Perez won the Austrian Grand Prix on Sunday while Carlos Sainz came second and Max Verstappen came third, according to an amusing error made by Formula One’s graphics. In reality, it was of course Charles Leclerc who secured a first race win since the Australian GP - but that was not what fans were told as the top three lined up on the podium. It was a welcome victory for Leclerc, who had started to fall away from Verstappen in the race for the world drivers’ championship. The Ferrari ace is now only 38 points behind the Dutchman. But an amusing error by F1’s graphics appeared to airbrush Leclerc’s success, in addition to Lewis Hamilton’s third podium finish of the season. As the top three finishers lined up on the podium, eagle-eyed viewers noticed that the graphic showed Verstappen’s Red Bull team-mate Perez as the race winner. It then showed Leclerc’s Ferrari colleague Sainz as runner-up and Verstappen in third place. Both Perez and Sainz failed to finish the race in Austria. JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton and Max Verstappen drama as trio under investigation F1’s graphic had actually shown the results from the Monaco GP in May. In rainy conditions, Perez earned just the third win of his F1 career, while Sainz finished runner-up and Verstappen came a disappointing third. Leclerc was fourth in his home race. Sunday was also a good day for Hamilton, who recorded his third podium of the 2022 campaign. Mercedes have struggled for performance this season but Hamilton came third in Austria, while team-mate George Russell was fourth. Hamilton overcame a huge crash in qualifying to keep up with the race leaders. He paid tribute to the Mercedes team who had to rebuild the W13 following his accident. DON'T MISS...Max Verstappen brands F1 rules 'a joke' in frustrated rantLewis Hamilton praises 'great recovery' as he fires warning to leadersLewis Hamilton in angry radio message to Mercedes during Austrian GP The seven-times world champion told Sky Sports F1: "This is a great recovery for us as a team. It's really good points. I really feel great. I'm so happy with today, especially after such a difficult start to the weekend. “We were looking so good in qualifying and then I crashed the damn thing. Getting your head back around that, knowing the team worked so hard to build a new car for me... that affects everything, it affects our budget and so many people that have to build new parts. "That's never a great feeling but to get back up there and get great points for the team is just a small token of my appreciation."