Coco Gauff has set up a Wimbledon clash with compatriot Amanda Anisimova after a straight-sets win over Mihaela Buzarnescu on Centre Court. The American teenager, who famously made the fourth round of the tournament when aged just 15, was in clinical form as she came through 6-2 6-3. The 11th seed endured a tricky moment at 1-1 in the opening set, but came back from 0-30 to win four consecutive points. She then broke Buzarnescu in the next game, and looked in little danger as she opened up a 5-2 lead. She sealed a second service break, and the set, with a clean forehand winner and at that point there seemed little way back for the world No 127, who was bidding to reach the third round at SW19 for the first time since 2018. And sure enough, at the end of the set she took a lengthy comfort break, forcing her opponent to wait several minutes before play restarted. But Gauff was undeterred, and at 2-1 up, she four times forced deuce on Buzarnescu's serve, but failed to capitalise. However, the youngster was relentless on her own serve, and a sixth ace soon put the pressure back on her opponent. JUST IN: Rafael Nadal vs Ricardas Berankis RECAP: Spaniard wins in four after play stops for 1 hour Four more deuces followed in the next game, but again, Buzarnescu managed to hold on. Gauff responded with a game to love that took less than 90 seconds, sending down another ace to move 4-3 ahead. A superbly disguised drop shot then bought Gauff a break point in the game, and Buzarnescu's resistance finally broke when she went wide with a forehand down the line. It left Gauff, serving for the match, and after a ninth ace brought three match points, a 10th duly sealed the win. DON'T MISS:Iga Swiatek edges closer Roger Federer and Novak Djokovic landmark with Wimbledon winSue Barker's whirlwind romance with Sir Cliff Richard as she took him to 'another world'Rafael Nadal habits: Why does tennis star change his shirt so much? His rituals explained The popular Gauff then received a rousing reception from the Centre Court crowd, having had to wait patiently for the clash after rain had held up proceedings earlier in the day: "When the schedule came out I was shocked we were on centre," she said afterwards. "I'm pretty honoured to be here today, following Nadal. So thank you guys for staying, I know it's been a long day for everybody."