She had a ‘invisible’ disability - a stoma bag fitted because of a long and painful battle with ulcerative colitis. She decided to campaign for those with a hidden disability - to show that others that not all disabilities and conditions can be seen. So she has held photoshoots all across the UK where people have stripped off to show their disability to the world. And they have even written slogans across their bodies with some of the names that they have been called, when people don’t realise they are disabled in some way. Miss Logan, 30, who lives in Tamworth, Staffordshire, with husband Dale, 33, a delivery driver, said: ‘People with a disability are under represented in the media and the fashion world, and I wanted to make these people visible. ‘So that’s why I called my campaign ‘Making the Invisible Visible.’ The photoshoots have made these people feel more worthy, beautiful and that being themselves is enough. ‘After all the shoots, they have sent me messages saying that its helped them gain confidence and feel better about themselves.’ The photoshoots are featuring in a current 2022 calendar and have been a great success. Mrs Logan said: ‘If you don’t have a walking stick, or if you’re not in a wheelchair, people can be quite judgmental because they don’t understand. I want to raise awareness to hopefully educate others and prevent the discrimination we receive. Mrs Logan was diagnosed with acute severe ulcerative colitis and July 2017, and just five days later underwent an operation to be fitted with a stoma bag. She then underwent four major operations in just 12 months.  She was forced to leave her successful career in banking due to her illness, and it had a severe impact on her mental health. She said: ‘I couldn’t leave the house without having an accident, so I couldn’t have a social life. I was going to the toilet 30 times a day and I was in excruciating pain. It got to the point when I was stuck inside the house and I felt like I was in a prison. ‘It was a complete shock for me having the stoma surgery and I felt like I didn’t want to live anymore. I was 25 years old at the time and body image was important - but I felt disgusting having the stoma bag on my body.’ It was after the incident when she used the disabled toilet, that Mrs Logan felt she had to take action. She said; ‘I went into the toilet and I was given filthy looks for using it. Then one lady contacted me afterwards on social media and ranted about how I shouldn’t be using the toilet. ‘It was very upsetting and made me realise that there must be a lot of people out there who have disabilities that people can’t see.’ Mrs Logan, who has just been shortlisted for the National Diversity Awards, has organised the photoshoots across the country and dozens of people have taken part.  She said: ‘They have written words on their body to describe their disabilities and how it makes them feel. And they have also written names that they called too, on their bodies to show people what its really like living with their disability. ‘My own stomach is full of scars after surgeries, but I’m proud of these as they tell my story, and I want to show others that they can be proud of their scars too. ‘After taking part in the photoshoots, people feel so empowered and embrace their disability. One lady was worried about getting a mastectomy done and all the other people at the shoot were supportive and encouraging about it, so she ended up feeling strong enough to have the operation. ‘She’s a completely different person now, and much more confident. And its all thanks to doing the photoshoot.’ Jess’s campaign is at www.makingtheinvisiblevisible.org.uk    CHARLOTTE BROOKER, 32, lives in Kent with her son Jacob, six.  NATASHA MONK, 39, has Crohn's disease and had three major operations.