Arsenal transfer target Lisandro Martinez is a 'big admirer' of Mikel Arteta's ideas, according to reports. Manchester United are also in the race for the player and have matched the Gunners' offer to Ajax. Martinez emerged as a target for Arsenal earlier in the window. They have already seen at least one bid turned down as Ajax attempt to keep hold of the Argentina international. However, there is now strong competition from Premier League rivals United. Goal claims the Red Devils have offered Ajax £35million plus a further £4.3m in add-ons, similar to the Gunners' most-recent bid. Ajax are yet to respond to either offer and want the player to stay. But Martinez is expected to fight for a move to England once his holiday is over. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd prepare for medical, Tottenham and Chelsea agree Raphinha fee   United are an attractive proposition due to the presence of Erik ten Hag, who managed the player for the last three seasons at Ajax. That could put the Old Trafford club at an advantage, however Arsenal are yet to be ruled out. The report says Martinez is impressed by Arteta's ideas and plans at the Emirates. Arteta has overseen a major overhaul of the Arsenal squad in the last couple of seasons and only just missed out on Champions League qualification last term. The Gunners have held talks with Martinez's representatives since the start of the year as they attempt to lure him to north London. The player has made it clear he wants to move to England and it appears to be a straight shootout between United and Arsenal. Martinez moved to Europe to sign for Ajax in 2019. He can play at both centre-back and left-back, as well as in defensive midfield. DON'T MISSArsenal make Serge Gnabry transfer decision after missing out on RaphinhaTottenham ridiculed over Richarlison transfer as new signing compared to Teemu PukkiChelsea owner Todd Boehly told to 'overpay' for Raphinha transfer alternative  Arsenal have made three signings so far this summer, bringing in Marquinhos, Fabio Vieira and Matt Turner. They are also set to announce the signing of Gabriel Jesus imminently. United, meanwhile, are yet to make any additions under Ten Hag. But it is clear the 52-year-old has a plan over the players he is targeting. Holland left-back Tyrell Malacia is set to join, a player Ten Hag will have seen up close during his matches against Feyenoord. United are also strongly in the market for another player familiar to Ten Hag. Barcelona star Frenkie de Jong is their top midfield target. He also played at Ajax under the new United boss.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here