Prince George turns nine on Friday. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge released the adorable image to coincide with the milestone. The Palace typically publishes previously-unseen photos of the Royal Family just ahead of birthday celebrations. In the photos, Prince George smiles widely at the camera, which captures him mid-laugh. Bearing a striking resemblance to his father, Prince William, the third-in-line to the throne looks relaxed and carefree in a pale blue polo shirt. He looks to be enjoying a day at the beach with the summery background to the joyous photograph. Last year, Prince George was pictured in Norfolk, near the family’s Anmer Hall retreat, grinning and giggling at his mother behind the camera lens. The photographs released for his eighth birthday showed the prince dressed in a casual navy polo shirt with orange stripes and dark blue shorts. Kate also snapped her eldest son’s portrait for his seventh birthday in 2020, in which he appeared side-on in a camouflage T-shirt. In a second snap, he is more formally positioned directly facing the camera in a polo shirt. READ MORE: Meghan Markle achieved goal of fame after marrying Prince Harry -claim The Duchess of Cambridge, a keen photographer, also took photos of George's younger siblings, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis, which were made public just before their birthdays earlier this year. Over the years, Prince George has spent an increasing amount of time in front of the cameras, appearing at royal engagements with his parents. He joined Kate and William at this year’s Wimbledon men’s singles final, taking to the royal box at Centre Court on the sweltering afternoon of Sunday, July 10. The prince’s surprise appearance saw him animatedly watch the showdown between defending champion Novak Djokovic and Australian challenger Nick Kyrgios. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Harry sent 'dire' three-word warning [LIVE] Royal POLL: Should Meghan and Harry return as part-timers? [VOTE] Camilla is already doing 'good job' of emulating 'role model' Philip [ANALYSIS] Decked out in smart suit and tie, Prince George was visibly warm as the temperatures crept up towards 30C. He was spotted visibly wiping his forehead and appeared to complain about the heat to Prince William as both royals stuck to the strict Wimbledon dress code. The sports-loving young prince also chatted with Mr Djokovic as the crowds and players left Centre Court. Mr Djokovic, who clinched his seventh Wimbledon title, was presented with his trophy by the Duchess of Cambridge. But as he made his way into the All England Club's VIP area, he passed the trophy to Prince George to hold. George turned over the trophy and inspected the design as Kate secured the lid. Prince William then quipped to his son: "Don't drop it."