The Tory leadership contender lashed out at those who push anti- British propaganda and pledged to stop activists from toppling statues because they are deemed to be offensive. Mr Sunak, the outsider in the race to replace Boris Johnson, will use a speech today to attack "woke nonsense" that is infecting British society. Addressing supporters in West Sussex, he is expected to outline his plan to make sure "mothers" and "women" are not erased from public life. He will also spell out how a Sunak-led Government will shield children from inappropriate material at school and protect freedom of speech. Mr Sunak, who was campaigning in Kent yesterday, will promise to review the Equality Act if he becomes Prime Minister. He is expected to tell supporters in West Sussex: "I've promised to protect the green belt, because we have to safeguard Britain's natural heritage." "But I have another pledge to you. My government will also safeguard our shared cultural, historical and philosophical heritage." "Because what's the point in stopping the bulldozers in the green belt if we allow Left-wing agitators to take a bulldozer to our history, our traditions and our fundamental values?" "Whether it's pulling down statues of historic figures, replacing the school curriculum with anti- British propaganda or rewriting the English language so we can't even use words like 'man', 'woman' or 'mother' without being told we're offending someone." Boris Johnson's Government has already started taking action to curb "cancel culture" after calls for Churchill's statue in central London and other historic monuments to be removed because of their connections to Britain's imperial past. More than a dozen schools and universities have changed their names or renamed buildings in the wake of the anti-racist protests which were triggered by the US police killing in Minneapolis of George Floyd in 2020. Mr Sunak says Labour is also to blame for the rise of "wokeness" in the UK. He will add: "It's not us who are the aggressors, we have zero interest in fighting a so-called culture war." "But we are determined to end the brainwashing, the vandalism and the finger pointing." "Too often existing legislation is used to engage in social engineering to which no one has given consent." "The worst offender in this regard is the 2010 Equality Act, conceived in the dog days of the last Labour government." "It has been a Trojan horse that has allowed every kind of woke nonsense to permeate public life. It must stop." "My government would review the Act to ensure we keep legitimate protections while stopping mission creep." "Our laws must protect free speech, block biological men from competing in women's sport and ensure that children are allowed to be children." Mr Sunak wants to ensure transgender and gender nonconforming people can live freely, safe from abuse and discrimination. His campaign team said: "But we also need to protect sex-based rights. Rishi will make sure 'mothers' and 'women' are not erased from public life, make sure women's sports and services are protected, and clarify that self-ID does not have legal force." "Rishi will ensure that the EqualityAct is clear that sex means biological sex." "And we will apply the same clarity to all laws that refer to mothers and fathers, or to pregnancy and sex discrimination, or which protect people's bodily privacy and dignity, such as when being searched by the police." "This will ensure that the Gender Recognition Act protects a trans person's personal privacy without destroying protections for women and girls." "By making it clear that sex means biological sex in the Equality Act, Rishi will reassure service providers that they can and should provide women's sports, and women's services - from showers and changing rooms to women's refuges - simply on the basis of sex. "There has been too much misinformation about the 2010 Equality Act." "We will produce clear guidance that explains that man and woman, male and female mean biological sex." "Government departments and schools should stick to the definition in law and biology, and not promote the idea that the law is old-fashioned and can be ignored, or that 'self-ID' has legal force." 'Rishi will ensure Equality Act means biological sex' 'We can't allow agitators to destroy our history and traditions'