White vinegar is one of the most versatile cleaning agents to exist and is loved for its natural cleansing properties. Not only is it effective on almost any surface around the house, but it is completely safe to use, unlike some harsh bleach products. Apple cider vinegar, rice vinegar and white vinegar are most commonly used to banish dirt in the home, but does malt vinegar work in the same way? Express.co.uk reveals the best type of vinegar to use to blitz your property. When it comes to natural cleaning solutions, white vinegar is perhaps the most popular ingredient lurking in the kitchen cupboard. This simple item is made up of acetic acid which is a colourless organic compound, strong enough to kill bacteria, banish stains, and get rid of nasty odours. While different types of vinegar contain other ingredients, they all have acidity in common. Typically, it’s not recommended to use malt vinegar for all cleaning tasks as its brown colouring has the potential to stain light fabrics and materials. However, if you’re running low on white vinegar, malt is a useful substitute for rusted or glass surfaces. READ MORE: When to prune cherry trees - exact time to cut back growth Vinegar can be buffed onto glass windows for a smear-free finish, without any watery residue left behind. Malt vinegar works equally as well on windows, just make sure you dilute it in some clean water before washing the glass panes. To do this, mix half a gallon of clean water with two cups of malt vinegar and pour it into a spray bottle. Spritz the glass and wipe in circular motions using a microfiber cloth until the glass is clean and clear. Malt vinegar does have a more pungent smell than white vinegar, so be sure to open up the windows for fresh air after cleaning from the inside. Limescale deposits are hard to spot in the bottom of the kettle and often go unnoticed until they are poured into a hot drink. Luckily malt vinegar works just as well as its white counterpart when it comes to banishing these small mineral flakes. Just fill the kettle three-quarters of the way up to the top, using equal parts malt vinegar and water. Close the lid and bring the liquid to a boil before rinsing it out. Boil again with plain water and rinse once more to remove the smell and taste of vinegar. You may need to do this a few times to completely remove the lingering malt fragrance Ceramic tea and coffee pots can quickly become stained with the strong leaves and beans of our favourite morning beverages, but there’s nothing some malt vinegar can’t fix. Fill the stained item with equal parts water and malt vinegar, and leave to soak for 15 minutes. Wash as normal using hot water and dish soap to scrub away the remaining stains and reveal a clean pot. DON'T MISS:Shoppers praise Lynsey TV Queen of Clean's carpet cleaner - below £50 [INSIGHT]Dishwasher hack for washing baseball caps leaves them ‘pristine’ [ANALYSIS]How to clean a fan: 10-minute hack to banish dust [REVEAL] All types of vinegar can be used for cleaning to some degree, though some are better than others. Surprisingly, balsamic vinegar has a similar acidity to white distilled vinegar, so it does have the power to cut through grease and grime. However, this dark brown condiment is made from grapes, not grains, which means it is more likely to stain surfaces and fabrics. Not to mention, balsamic is much more expensive than other kinds, so it isn’t the most cost-effective option either. Similar to malt vinegar, apple cider vinegar has a brown hue and will struggle to lift stains from porous materials. However, it can be used to clean windows as a good substitute for white vinegar. White distilled vinegar is by far the best type for general household cleaning, but it’s not just the transparent colouring which makes it the top choice. Most types of white vinegar contain around five percent acetic acid and 95 percent water, which is a similar acidity level to many multipurpose cleaners. Best of all, it doesn't have as strong a smell as other types of vinegar, which will make your cleaning chores more pleasant. Ordinary white vinegar does work just as well, but distilled varieties are milder, so are better suited as an all-rounder for both cleaning and cooking purposes.