It took nine years, but Max Homa will finally get his wish this Thursday when he joins the iconic Tiger Woods in the first round of The Open Championship at St Andrews. The 15-time major champion, who was won two Claret Jugs at 'The Home of Golf', will set off at 2.59pm for his opening round alongside Homa and US Open champion Matt Fitzpatrick. Homa, who recently publicly mocked the LIV Golf rebel tour for the way it was negotiating with players, has won four times on the PGA Tour. He made his Open debut at Royal St George's in 2021, finishing tied for 40th place. But the 31-year-old being grouped with Woods in Scotland has caught the imagination of social media users, not so much for his playing ability, but for a throwback Twitter post from 2013. Shortly before the American turned professional, he qualified for the US Open and wrote directly to the star, asking "@TigerWoods just won PAC 12s, NCAA championship, and qualified for the US Open. Any chance I can get a practice round with u?? #hero" Unfortunately for Homa, the legendary Woods didn't respond that time around. A mere nine years on however, the California-born player has finally got his wish, in the same week that the famous tournament marks its 150th anniversary. JUST IN: Jack Nicklaus issues response to Greg Norman Open snub after being labeled a 'hypocrite' DON'T MISS:LIV Golf rebel Ian Poulter embarrassed in Scottish Open after winning legal battle to playPaul Casey’s awkward words come back to haunt him as he defects to Saudi rebel leagueTiger Woods and Rory McIlroy crack jokes on Adare Manor driving range in Open warm-up  Following his high-speed car crash last February, Woods returned to the pro-game in April with a brave appearance at the US Masters. He also attempted to play the US PGA at Southern Hills, but was forced to withdraw after three rounds as he struggled with the painful impact of his injuries. That cast doubt on his participation at The Open, but since arriving in Scotland the 46-year-old has been playing practice rounds with Justin Thomas. On Monday, he took part in the past champions' event with Lee Trevino.