The Duke of Sussex starred in a brief film by BetterUp, the mental health and coaching platform he works for as a chief impact officer. In the video, Prince Harry discussed with three guests what mental fitness is and how to achieve it.  One of the people he sat down to interview was author and psychologist Adam Grant, who explained how he keeps his mind fit. Appearing in the film titled 'Transform with Mental Fitness', Prince Harry asked Mr Grant: "What goes in to your own proactive practices?" The author started his response saying: "Non negotiable, work out time, six days a week." The Duke of Sussex chimed in to crack a joke.  He said: "Six days a week you work out? I can tell." Appearing stunned, Mr Grant responded saying: "I am not sure how to respond to that!" As the psychologist started chuckling, Prince Harry also laughed, adding: "Don't worry!" Mr Grant went on saying his strict physical fitness routine is part of his mental fitness. READ MORE: Meghan 'on path to unparalleled stardom' and 'new form of celebrity'  He added: "When I am running, when I am lifting weights, when I play ultimate frisbee, that's when I experience the total freeing of my thoughts from distraction." In other parts of the film, Harry heard how other people strengthen their mental fitness. BetterUp member Blu Mendoza said she dedicates 15 minutes to journaling to better face things she fears or concerns her. She said: "It takes only about 15 minutes. But like any exercise, you have to do it. "And when I actually do it and I close the journal and open my computer, I don't have to put on a fake smile anymore." Prince Harry joined BetterUp in early 2021, almost one year after he and his family relocated to California and stepped down as working royals. In his role, he aims to drive advocacy and awareness for mental fitness, expand BetterUp's community through outreach and strategic planning and guide the company's social mission and impact. His job description also includes influencing the vision of BetterUp's platform, community and members' experience by helping to shape their existing library of content and resources on mental fitness. In April, ahead of the beginning of the Invictus Games at The Hague, BetterUp announced its partnership with the beloved foundation created by Prince Harry to support sick, injured and wounded veterans and military personnel. This collaboration made BetterUp the official mental fitness coaching tool of the Invictus Games Foundation. Prince Harry's decision to join BetterUp came after he dedicated years as a working royal to tearing down the stigma surrounding mental health. In 2016, joining forces with Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, the Duke launched Heads Together, which aimed at making conversations surrounding mental wellbeing and illnesses the norm. Among other initiatives he spearheaded was HeadFIT, a mental fitness tool designed, with the help of the Ministry of Defence, for service personnel to improve mood and motivation and fight stress. While the platform was launched in 2020, the Duke had been working on this project for years, since he was still a working member of the Firm. Speaking about the initiative upon launching it, Harry - who served in the Army for a decade - said: "Today, when we talk about fitness, we don't just mean how fast you can run or how much weight you can carry. "This is about mental fitness, strength and resilience, not just while wearing a uniform, but for the rest of your life."