The Crown actor revealed he won't join fans in mourning his time playing Prince Charles as he doesn't agree with many of the monarch's choices. Josh O'Connor held nothing back when he shared his thoughts on leaving the popular historical drama. Playing Prince Charles in a fictional version of Britain's Royal Family, actor Josh O'Connor will soon return to normality as his time on The Crown comes to a close. While fans everywhere will splash TV remotes with tears, the famous face won't need a Kleenex on his last day with the franchise. Reflecting on his character, he revealed he found the portrayal difficult as he disagreed with the individual on which the role was based. The Crown ruffled feathers the moment it appeared in the Netflix watch list with viewers constantly comparing storylines to that of the real deal. READ MORE: Amanda Owen speaks out on new role ‘Jumped at the chance’ Taking on the role Josh knew the new job wouldn't come without sacrifices. In order to bring Charles to life on the silver screen, the actor needed to empathise with the Prince, something he found difficult. Disapproving of many of the monarch's choices, he told Variety of his dilemmas when preparing for the role. Josh revealed: "Prince Charles is a tricky one. "I think you have to part ways with the real version of him in order to capture something unique or different. "There’s the sacrifice you sometimes have to make." Getting advice from show writer Peter Morgan on how to step into the monumental shoes, the actor was aware he needed to tread carefully. He said of his chat with Peter: "He was like, 'Just try to remember that this boy shares his mother with an entire nation of people.' DON'T MISS...The Crown's Olivia Coleman reunites with Josh O'Connor at premiere [INSIGHT]The Crown’s Prince Charles star shares first look at new project  [INSIGHT]Princess Diana's Emma Corrin 'worried' about role away from The Crown [INSIGHT] "I was like, oh, my God. It’s a terrible affliction on some young kid. "So every time someone says, 'Is that a bit harsh the way you’re playing him?' I go, 'No. I think he’s going through the wringer.'" Leaving The Crown conversation to one side, Josh dismissed questions of a sad exit by simply saying: "I’m actually good." The Netflix hit follows the evolution of the infamous Diana, Camilla, Charles love triangle as the young royal comes to terms with his responsibilities. Four seasons deep, the cast of the historical series have defended their fictitious storylines time and time again as the closeness to reality has allegedly landed them in royal hot water. Eagerly awaiting the next instalment, fans were given hints as to the time period and release date of season five earlier this year. The upcoming run is set to focus on the John Major government years and will feature new faces including Imelda Staunton, Dominic West, Lesley Manville, Jonathan Pryce and Bertie Carvel. Catch up on previous seasons of The Crown on Netflix.