"YOU made our lives harder, and now want us to shut up and fix it? F*** you," said Mr Oluwole in response to a member of the public who appeared on the programme saying the "toxic debate" about Brexit needs to end, urging Remainers to "stop talking" about the issues brought by the United Kingdom's departure from the European Union and "move on" to make the country "better". The man, who said he had been on the fence at the 2016 referendum and ended up voting Leave, called for Brits to "spend your energy coming up with solutions" rather than complaining about the problems Brexit has caused. He said: "When this country comes together and decides they are going to do something, if we took the view that it's a zero-sum, Brexit has happened ... what's the best thing forward now for the country?" He continued: "What Remainers do is argue 'Brexit's bad'. "Maybe so, but we're never going to go back in [to the EU], so we need to stop talking about that and we need to move on and make it better." READ MORE: Boris Johnson could make ‘spectacular comeback’ using Winston Churchill strategy Mr Oluwole, who founded the pro-EU advocacy group Our Future Our Choice, voiced his anger at the man's remarks writing on Twitter: F you. That's all I've got. F you." He continued: "If you voted Brexit, and KNOW it's making us poorer and now you're telling us to stop talking about what you did, and come up with solutions... Fu*** you." According to the latest report by the Organisation for Economic Co-Operation and Development (OECD), the UK is expected to go from the second-fastest-growing economy in the G7 group of industrial nations after Canada this year to the slowest-growing next year. Japan, Germany, Italy, France and the US make up the other members of the group. The predictions, released in early June as part of the OECD’s half-yearly economic outlook, show the UK will grow by 3.6 percent in 2022 before posting zero growth in 2023. Inflation is expected to average 8.8 percent this year and fall only slightly to 7.4 percent next year. Laurence Boone, the chief economist of the Paris-based thinktank said the UK was being hit by a combination of factors, including higher interest rates, higher taxes, reduced trade and more expensive energy. Citing Russia's invasion of Ukraine as a key element in the UK's economic struggles, the OECD did not make mention of Brexit as a deterrent. A later study by the Resolution Foundation thinktank, however, concluded Brexit has damaged Britain's competitiveness, will reduce productivity and leave the average worker poorer than they otherwise would have been had the UK not left the EU. DON'T MISSBen Wallace’s unlikely history as an ace ski instructor [INSIGHT]Labour wants to oust Boris – what happens in no confidence vote? [EXPLAINER]Five outside PM candidates could take over from Boris [ANALYSIS] The report, in collaboration with the London School of Economics, said an increase in cost of living and a drop in the level of business investment was all a result of a "depreciation-driven inflation spike" following Brexit. It added that Britain has experienced a decline of 8 percent in trade openness — trade as a portion of economic output — since 2019, losing market share across three of its largest non-EU goods import markets in 2021, the US, Canada and Japan. Mr Oluwole, known as a steadfast Remainer, continued to express his fury on Twitter saying his comments had been "deliberately vulgar" because certain "narratives shouldn't be legitimised by civility". He wrote: "Brexit supporters made life harder for us all during the worst years of our lives. "Telling the victims to shut up, or implying we're responsible for fixing it, should not be legitimised." Boris Johnson's government bill to unilaterally rewrite the international post-Brexit treaty on Northern Ireland currently making its way through the UK Parliament. It has been at the forefront of discussions both with Brussels leaders and at home. After the Prime Minister's resignation as leader of the Conservative Party on Thursday following a flurry of scandals that led him to lose the support of some of his closest allies, it is to be seen where Mr Johnson's legacy — making Brexit happen — is driven toward. Tory MP Tom Tugendhat on Thursday emerged as one of the first figures to confirm a bid to succeed Mr Johnson. In an opinion piece in the Daily Telegraph, Mr Tugendhat said his intention was for the Conservatives to have "a clean start". He wrote: "I am putting together a broad coalition of colleagues that will bring new energy and ideas to government and, finally, to bridge the Brexit divide that has dominated our recent history."