Manchester United star Marcus Rashford has aimed a brutal dig at Manchester City when discussing his personal rivals on the football pitch. The 24-year-old has expressed his primary 'hatred' for the club's bitter north west rivals, Liverpool, and he will rattle Manchester's blue side with his reasoning. Appearing on UNINTERRUPTED, Rashford was asked if there were any football clubs he hated. And, unsurprisingly, given he was born and bred a United fan, the No 10 named Liverpool. However, he played down his disliking of Man City, indirectly citing their lack of history compared to the Merseyside giants. He said: "Yeah, Liverpool. I don't like Liverpool. City. Liverpool have history, so it's a bit more bitter. But with City, it's like you don't like them, but you don't have a massive reason not to like them. You just grow up, and it's two Manchester sides. One wears light blue; one wears red." While Liverpool and Man City are recognised as United's top rivals, animosity towards the former has been fuelled by success on the pitch throughout decades. Although the latter have started to catch up with both clubs in terms of major honours since their Abu Dhabi-backed takeover in 2008, it's been more of a one-sided feud. JUST IN: Arsenal identify £42m William Saliba replacement  United and Man City's rivalry can't be downplayed and has been ignited over the last decade after a shift in power in Manchester. But they are still somewhat overshadowed by the Red Devils' battle for the 'perch' with Liverpool, given they are England's two most successful clubs. Former United boss Sir Alex Ferguson produced a famous quote in September 2009 discrediting City's threat after his side halted their uprise with a late 4-3 Manchester derby triumph. "Sometimes you have a noisy neighbour," Ferguson jibed. "You cannot do anything about that. They will always be noisy. You just have to get on with your life, put your television on and turn it up a bit louder." READ MORE: Newcastle told same thing as Arsenal about Alexander Isak  He may not view City as the bitter rivals Liverpool pose as, but Rashford has commonly stepped up to the plate against both. The England international has netted four career goals against the Citizens, only scoring more against Liverpool, Chelsea (both 5) and Leicester City (6). Given City's dominance over the past decade, they could easily change perceptions and stand beside Liverpool as United's main rivals for future generations. But Rashford's comments will undoubtedly irk many. Click HERE to buy the new Man Utd home shirt