The country was put through its paces last week when 40C temperatures were recorded in Lincolnshire on July 19 - making it not only the hottest day of the year, but also the hottest on record. With rain and thunderstorms hitting parts of the UK this weekend, the nation would be forgiven for thinking summer may be about to fizzle out. But, for sunseekers there is hope yet. WX Charts, an interactive weather model, predicts the mercury will begin soaring again from as early as the end of this coming week.  The maps are able to look at forecasts as far as two weeks in advance, with some of its successes including the prediction of unusually high temperatures just last week. WX Charts predicts two specific days when temperatures look set to hover around the 30C mark, or thereabouts. On Friday, July 29 north Kent and parts of central London will record 30C highs by 6pm. This will be closely followed by the east where temperatures will sit at around 27C by the coast and 29C inland.  Then, by Tuesday, August 2 the south east will begin hotting up again, this time with chances of 30C being reached across Kent, Sussex and maybe even in Hampshire. The Wednesday and Thursday following will still see thermometers reach up to 27C on both days, with data not supporting any chances of a 30C forecast as yet. However, this may change in the run up to these dates. The chances of more hot weather on the horizon have not been ruled out by the Met Office, either.  READ MORE: Thundery showers crash over UK in summer weekend WASH OUT Its forecast for early August is largely supportive of a hot start to the month. It says: “Temperatures are generally close to average but cooler in the north and very warm, perhaps hot, in the southeast. “For the later part of the period, more settled conditions are likely to return for many, though a few showers are still possible. “Temperatures likely above average, especially in the southeast where it may be very warm at times.”  DON'T MISS:Ex-No10 aide warns Tory members largely 'undecided' in leadership race [INSIGHT]Farage slams Tory contest but says Truss is ‘least worst' [WATCH]Leadership contest has left Tories with toxic divide [ANALYSIS] But looking further into the new month, the Met Office is holding its cards close to its chest. “Confidence is low for the beginning of August,” it adds. “The most likely scenario is for changeable conditions to develop, but still with a lot of dry weather at times. “Temperatures perhaps slightly above average, especially in the southeast where it may be hot at times, but nothing exceptional for the time of year.” 