Express.co.uk readers are in favour of Camilla conducting more solo engagements and support her in becoming Queen Consort. Camilla celebrated her 75th birthday over the weekend and guest-edited a souvenir edition of Country Life magazine to mark the occasion and highlight her patronages and interests. The Duchess has been recognised for campaigning on issues such as domestic violence, rape, literacy and poverty and more recently conducted solo engagements for these causes. READ MORE: 'Alarming!' Prince Charles issues climate warning as Brits face 'inordinate' heatwave In a poll that ran from 7am on Saturday, July 16, to 11am on Tuesday, July 19, Express.co.uk asked readers their thoughts on Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall. First, Express.co.uk asked: “Should Camilla conduct more solo engagements?” A total of 10,568 readers cast their votes with the vast majority, 66 percent (6,908 people) saying “yes”, Camilla should conduct more solo engagements in the future. Meanwhile, 26 percent (2,795 people) said “no” she should not, and a further eight percent (865 people) said they did not know. Earlier this year the Queen shared her “sincere wish” that Camilla would become Queen Consort when Prince Charles takes the throne. There were suggestions Camilla would be known as Princess Consort, due to Prince Charles’s previous marriage to Diana, Princess of Wales. At the time, a Clarence House spokesperson said Charles and Camilla were “touched and honoured” by Her Majesty’s request. Next, Express.co.uk asked: “Do you support Camilla as Queen Consort?” Overall, 10,664 people responded to this question with a strong majority, 67 percent (7,183 people) answering “yes”, they do support Camilla as Queen Consort. A further 31 percent (3,296 people) said “no” they did not, while just two percent (185 people) said they did not know. Hundreds of readers shared their thoughts on Camilla in the comments below the accompanying article. Many were in favour of Camilla conducting solo engagements in the future. Username Tatiana said: “Yes of course she should do more solo work on behalf of our Queen. I think Camilla is great.” Username Trudi432 said: “I think Camilla is an asset to the Royal family, she comes across as a warm caring person.” And username Tunnicliffe wrote: “Camilla is patron of some good causes so why not do more solo engagements. She has gained a lot of confidence over the years and she is a lovely patient lady.” Others thought that her dedication to the Royal Family and Charles made her deserving of the Queen Consort title. Username Mack20 said: “Camilla has won my respect. Perfectly happy therefore that Camilla will be Queen Consort.” Username oldmargery said: “The Royal Family are nothing without tradition and protocol – on that basis alone Camilla should be Queen Consort. DON'T MISS: Prince Harry preaches on climate change while he takes 21 private jet [INSIGHT]Royal POLL: Should Meghan and Harry stay away from politics? [VOTE]'I am coming towards end' Charles braces for huge royal title change as William to step up [LATEST] Charles and Camilla are clearly right for each other and Charles deserves to be supported by her through his reign.” Meanwhile, username Radiotimes said: “Camilla will be Queen Consort whether or not I and the rest of the population support her. “However, I would totally support her as she is a wonderful wife and help to Charles. Exactly what he needed.” Ahead of her birthday on Sunday, July 17, Camilla shared how she plans to support Charles during his reign. Speaking at her birthday lunch on Tuesday, July 12, Camilla paid tribute to Britain’s longest-serving consort Prince Philip, describing him as a “source of inspiration”. Camilla said: “The Duke of Edinburgh’s philosophy was clear – look up, look out, say less, do more and get on with the job – and that’s just what I intend to do. She added: “I learned that your place is several feet behind the monarch, you're there as a back-up.” However, some were not as supportive of Camilla with one reader, username mags1234 writing: “I can never accept this woman as Queen Consort.” Another reader, Username JoMrsC said: “Absolute No from me!” And username Charlieboy..1953 replied: “I agree with you and many others who don't like her and can't forgive.”