Carol Kirkwood who is known for her cheerful nature when fronting the weather on BBC Breakfast admitted she is not always smiling. The meteorologist chatted with Zoe Ball on the presenter's BBC Radio 2 Breakfast Show today. The 60-year-old discussed her latest venture which was released on July 22 - her second book titled The Hotel on Riveria. The veteran broadcaster, who recently shared live on-air that she was engaged for a second time, opened up about her pet peeves - most notably bad drivers. Carol admitted to getting "cross" with motorists behaving badly while on the road. Her admission comes after a listener quizzed the BBC favourite about her temperament, adding she never seems to get her feelings ruffled. READ MORE: Bruce Willis and Demi Moore's daughter Scout flashes bottom But much to radio host Zoe's surprise, Carol admitted she is not always in a good mood. Zoe asked: "'Is there anything that annoys Carol? You never see her not smiling, from Bex.' "Is there anything? Do you ever get cross, Carol?" She replied: "Yes, especially when I'm driving. I'll say, 'Use your indicator!'"  The BBC Radio 2 host giggled: "So road rage." To which Carol replied: "Yes." The weather forecaster added it was also drivers on the motorway who verge into the fast lane but drive at a snail's pace. Zoe went on: "It's not the fast lane, it's the overtaking lane." DON'T MISS... Christine McGuinness and Paddy go on holiday following marriage woes[LATEST]Britney Spears writhes around topless in 11 naked pics[PICTURES]American Pickers' Frank Fritz rushed to hospital after stroke[HEALTH] "I'm like, 'Get back into the slow lane or line number one,'" Carol cheekily vented. "Do you ever wind your window down and holler at anyone Carol?" Zoe quizzed. The BBC favourite admitted she never confronts bad drivers saying she is too "frightened" to approach anyone but quietly scolds them to herself. "No, I'm too frightened," she commented. "Just in case they holler back." Meanwhile, Carol discussed her book in a recent interview and added it was very reminiscent of a Jackie Collins novel. She told Metro.co.uk: "I liked the way she wrote and I liked where she was: a lot of her books were in Los Angeles and places like that. "I love glamour and anything to do with Hollywood, actors and actresses, movie premieres and all that kind of thing, so it made sense to tie all those features in together." BBC Breakfast airs daily on BBC One at 6am 