Manchester United are in talks with Mike Phelan over the coach taking on a new role, according to reports. The former Hull boss was a key ally to Ole Gunnar Solskjaer during his stint in the dugout. And it appears Erik ten Hag won’t be allowing the 59-year-old to be involved in training like his predecessor. Manchester United brought Phelan back to the club in December 2018, shortly after the sacking of Jose Mourinho. He’d previously worked under Sir Alex Ferguson at Old Trafford, becoming a key ally to the Scot during his glittering reign. Phelan was a key figure in United training but that changed when Ralf Rangnick took charge, with the 59-year-old initially marginalised. And the Daily Mail say that, at a time where Phelan has missed the club’s pre-season tour, the former Hull boss is in talks over becoming a Red Devils ambassador. That would likely see him take on sponsorship responsibilities, with a number of former players working in that capacity. Ten Hag has been shaping his own backroom staff at Old Trafford, bringing in two figures he knows well. Man Utd transfers: The mouthwatering XI to tackle Brighton with 5 new signings Steve McClaren is one of them, with the Dutchman previously working under the former Newcastle, England and Derby boss at FC Twente in his homeland. And Mitchell van der Gang has joined Ten Hag from Ajax, with the pair previously masterminding success over in Amsterdam. Ten Hag has opened up on the duo, saying: “I think, both Steve McClaren and him, he is a coach from the moment he was born. “Mitchell van der Gaag also had a lot of experience. First, as a player, he played many games in the highest levels in different leagues and, after that, he became coach, also in different countries, at different levels. “So, he gained a lot of experience and most important for these two is they know how to win because they proved it in the past.” And, on McClaren, he added: “Of course, and that is also a part of the reason I really wanted him. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Man Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leave Man Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong “Of course, he has other competences and capabilities but the fact that he knows the club, I think, is a big advantage for us. “Although it was a long time ago, he still knows the culture of Manchester United.” The report adds that Ten Hag has been putting on ‘intense’ training sessions since taking charge of United. He wants the club to play attacking, full throttle football as they look to win a first trophy since 2017 - back when Jose Mourinho was manager. And he’s outlined his philosophy when talking to club media, saying: “That is my job, to construct a team and to improve the team. “You can do it in different ways or in more ways but, to start, it is out of a philosophy. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “And then you build it and go into the individuals, and you give them the rules and principles. “But, also in the positions of individuals, you give them coaching advice, and, in the end, it’s about team results and better team performances so you give them advice to perform into the team.” Then, when asked what style he would bring to United when he takes charge for the first time, he added: “We want to play a proactive style of football – on the ball and off the ball. “That is, trying to do that has to be our intentions and it’s now, firstly, the coaches bring it over to the team that we are, in every situation, proactive. “We are brave and willing to have the ball, to give each other options. “But also off the ball, to get the pressing style is what we’re working for together." Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. Ten Hag was also quizzed on what he expects to learn about his United players during their pre-season tour. And he said: “No, I don’t know. “I just started and I had a few talks and we had 10 days but, in the 10 days, the internationals only came in last Monday. “I have to learn, to know my squad, the personalities, the individuals, the players. “That is, I think, one of the biggest advantages from the tour, we have two weeks to work really close together and we will learn about each other because I want to learn about them and they want to learn about me, my coaches and assistant managers.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here