Amanda Owen, who is the star of Our Yorkshire Farm, regularly updates fans on social media about her family life on Ravenseat Farm. The Channel 5 star, who has split from her husband Clive Owen, was quizzed about her other half on Instagram yesterday. It comes after the mum-of-nine shared a candid photo of day-to-day life on the farm as she could be seen tending to the land. In a series of pictures, Amanda, 47, also shared a photo alongside her children who assist their parents on the farm. In view of her 523,000 followers, she captioned the post: "Result! Crop got, roughly 200 + tonnes of the driest, sweetest fragrant herb rich meadow hay." She added the hashtags: "#yorkshire #sunshine #summer #haytime #hay #heatwave." READ MORE: Christine McGuinness announces split from husband A social media user took to the comment section and questioned why her former partner was not in the pictures - but Amanda had previously told fans Clive did not like being on social media. Instagram user Shaun2532 replied to the original post, writing: "I ask the same question. Seems she just wants all the attention on her and the kids." @Smith40beryl commented: "I love to see the children but she always has to be on the photos."  Fans flocked to the comment section as they defended the Yorkshire shepherdess. Burgess8066 wrote: "He doesn't want his pictures on social media he stated that right from the off so she's respecting his wishes." Zeno2505 remarked: "Clive does not want to be in the limelight. Also, Amanda has said they are not together anymore." Sarah wrote: "It's her social media page." DON'T MISS... Brooklyn Beckham gets new tribute tattoo for wife Nicola Peltz[LATEST]Newlywed Jennifer Lopez, 52, sets pulses racing in racy swimsuit[PICTURES]Carol Kirkwood on losing her cool as she talks 'road rage'[ADMISSION] DebSamways added: "Ignore the haters and stupid comments. Carry on doing what you have to do for you and your family." Back in April, Amanda had insisted her former partner preferred to maintain a low profile on social media. Twitter user mahedleyuk_mark wrote: “Why doesn’t your husband ever appear on these be great to see him.” It wasn’t long before she responded to the question, insisting that Clive just prefers to stay off social media. The mum-of-nine simply penned in response: “Because if you don’t wish to be on social media then that’s your choice.” Last month, the TV personality announced she and her husband Clive had split up after 21 years of marriage. She wrote in an Instagram post: “Clive and I are sad to confirm that we have made the difficult decision to separate. This hasn't been easy, but we both believe it's the right choice for the future of our family.” She continued: “Although we are no longer a couple, we continue to work on the farm and co-parent together, with our number one priority the happiness and well-being of our children. “We would like to thank everyone for their support and would that the media please respect our privacy as we work through this difficult time.” The couple shares nine children and said their kids remained their top priority following their split.