The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge cheered on the British tennis star at Court One as he beat Belgium's Goffin. On the road to Norrie's victory — a contested five-set quarter-finals match — Kate and William delighted royal fans as they brought out their "flirty" sides, Judi James claimed. She said: "Whether it’s the sun, the strawberries or the Centre Court action, Wimbledon seems to bring out the fun and flirty side of William and Kate, with some hugely uninhibited and animated displays from Kate and some suppressed, secretive smiling from William this year." Ms James added that "subtle secret signalling between the pair suggested some mutual admiration". The duchess only arrived before the fourth set after watching top seed Novak Djokovic's win against Italian Jannik Sinner. Royal Family LIVE: Prince Harry facing major UK court battle TODAY as he sues Home Office But since stepping onto the court, she and her husband of 11 years roared at ninth seed Norrie non-stop. Kate, who is patron of the All England Club, struggled to hide her joy even in the toughest of moments for the British men's number one. William was pictured covering his eyes, touching his jaw as if deeply worried about Norrie's results, and nervously moving his tie. His expressions, however, were more cautious than Kate's. Ms James explained that both royals "got lost in the excitement of the match" but that, while it seemed natural for the duchess to gasp and gesticulate, William could be seen "joining in" second as he "mirrored" his wife's attitude. She said: "Kate's hair-preening looked slightly more exaggerated than usual and her glances at William looked like appreciative tie-signs. "William's response was subtle but telling. "As he bared his teeth in a smile his top lip puckered and curled, creating his signature cues of dimpling at the corners of his upper lip." DON'T MISSMeghan Markle moment that stunned Wimbledon fan: ‘It was bonkers’ [REPORT]Queen’s ‘dislike’ for tennis – only visited Wimbledon four times [ANALYSIS]Diana dated forgotten Wimbledon star during marriage to Charles [INSIGHT] The body language expert added: "This slightly bashful signal tends to be his give-away of some shared flirting and jokes between himself and Kate." According to Ms James, the couple "clearly adore the party atmosphere, with Kate blowing kisses to mum Carole while William was exchanging jokes with David Walliams in the seat behind." After Norrie secured a 3-6 7-5 2-6 6-3 7-5 win against unseeded Goffin, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge praised him as "brilliant". The couple tweeted a picture of the British sportsman with the caption: "What a match! Just brilliant @cam_norrie." They later added: "What a day of tennis! Fantastic to be back @Wimbledon today and wonderful to see @Cam_Norrie flying the flag in the singles!" Kate's parents, Michael and Carole Middleton, were also in the Royal Box on Tuesday, joining 11,000 or so fans who watched Norrie fight toward victory. The world number 12 will contest his first Grand Slam semi-final, meeting defending champion Djokovic on Friday.