Cameron Norrie became the first British man to reach the Wimbledon quarter-finals since Andy Murray in 2017 by beating Tommy Paul in straight sets. And the British No.1 will now face Belgian world No.58 David Goffin with the winner on course to meet defending champion Novak Djokovic in the last four. No.9 seed Norrie saw off American world No.32 Paul 6-4 7-5 6-4 in two hours and 21 minutes in a slugfest on Court No.1. It is his best ever run in his 19th Grand Slam and he is only the fifth man in the Open era to get this far at Wimbledon after Murray, Tim Henman, Roger Taylor and Greg Rusedski. Former British No.1 Jo Konta reached the last eight here in 2019. The last Brit standing will now face Belgian David Goffin after the Belgian beat No.23 seed Frances Tiafoe in a five-set marathon. FOLLOW LIVE: Wimbledon updates as Novak Djokovic takes on Tim van Rijthoven for a quarter-final place   Paul, who was making his Wimbledon debut wearing his back-to-front baseball cap, had beaten left-handers Fernando Verdasco, Adrian Mannarino and Jiri Vesely in his first three rounds but could not get past southpaw Norrie. The British No.1 broke the American in the first game when Paul dumped a forehand into the net and saved four break points in the fifth game before holding to lead 4-2 and closing out the set. DON'T MISS Cameron Norrie's Wimbledon fairytale continues with Novak Djokovic in his sights Wimbledon umpire called out for Nick Kyrgios response after Stefanos Tsitsipas drama Heather Watson lashes out in anger as Wimbledon crowd stunned on Centre Court  Paul finally took his seventh break point when Norrie put a forehand into the net when serving for the second set at 5-4 . But the world No.12 immediately broke back when his opponent steered a forehand wide and Norrie made no mistake serving for the second set for a second time. Norrie took his third break point at 1-1 in the third set when Paul missed another forehand from the baseline. And the British No.1, who made an impressive 73% of first serves in the match, took his second match point when Paul hooked a short forehand long. 