Abi (played by Sally Carman) has been desperate to keep custody of Alfie since she gave birth to him, having lost three of her children already to death or by giving them up for adoption. In hopes she could get her life on the straight and narrow, she has been living with Wendy Crozier (Roberta Kerr), who has been keeping an eye on how the beloved Coronation Street character is as a mother. However, in upcoming scenes on the ITV soap, Ken Barlow's (William Roache) former lover could jeopardise everything. The drama continues in next week's episodes as Abi seems to be getting on really well looking after baby Alfie, despite everything that's gone on over the past few months. Abi has been skeptical of Wendy before, having seen the character typing away on the laptop and making notes about the mother's performance in the past. However, there is something about this latest report which seems to unnerve the mechanic and she is eager to take a look. Once Wendy is out of the way, Abi opens up the laptop and is left furious when she sees what the foster carer has been saying about her. Unable to cope with how hurt she feels, the mother of four confronts the pensioner about what she's seen as she thought she was making progress.  What could be sinister about this plot is Wendy recently discovered Abi had a connection to Tracy Barlow (Kate Ford), Ken's daughter. It's fair to say the pensioner and the florist have a very frosty relationship seeing as the former broke up her parent's marriage. Feeling as if baby Alfie wouldn't be safe if he was around Tracy, Wendy could be stirring the pot by keeping the child as far away from the cobbles as possible. This means if Abi is still living with her, she will have control over whether the child can go back to Weatherfield or not. As a result, the mother of four could realise there is no future for her with her baby on the cobbles and she would have to make a big decision. With Kevin Webster (Michael Le Vell) and her new family living in Weatherfield, she could tell Wendy to tell the authorities that baby Alfie should be given up for adoption. Wendy could be secretly pleased, knowing baby Alfie would not be growing up in the place where the Barlows lurk around every corner. Will Abi realise what's really going on before it's too late or will she lose her fourth child for good? The actress who plays Wendy, Roberta, has spoken out about the latest storyline her character has been involved in and what plans she has up her sleeve. Addressing her role on the show, the soap star said: "Wendy has been working as a fosterer in the interim and more recently, she has been doing this mother and baby suitability assessing." DON'T MISS...Katie McGlynn details ‘bittersweet’ moment she landed Corrie role [COMMENT]Alan Halsall weight loss: Secrets behind Corrie star's transformation [ANALYSIS]Sally Carman posts sexy swimsuit snap after battling illness [PICTURES] Roberta continued: "She is teaching Abi parenting skills, and assessing how suitable she’d be to have Alfie back with her full time. "It’s a big change, I love it and I think it’s fantastic," she added and it could be a big change because the character could be more sinister than the last time she showed her face. She could have an agenda against the Barlows and unfortunately, Abi and her baby could be collateral damage of her plan. Speaking of working with the actress who plays Abi, Sally, the soap star said: "Oh yes, she’s great and fantastic. "We have some friends in common, which is really nice. I’ve worked with a theatre company that Sally has worked with so we’ve got that to chat about as well." "She’s so friendly, it’s great. I do still know some of the cast from before, and I’ve met with people who have just started because it’s quite a small world," Robert stated. It is yet to be seen whether Wendy will still be a devious character and whether she ends up becoming one of the most hated in recent times for taking Abi's baby away from her. Roberta is still recognised by the public for playing Wendy, the woman who almost tore Ken and Deidre Barlow (Anne Kirkbride) apart. Discussing the reception she receives, the soap actress said: "Yes, it’s quite low key at the moment. It’s an interesting storyline, very different from how it was previously. "I have just done a play, last week, and there were some people who came up to me afterwards and they obviously do watch the classic episodes, so they were particularly excited." "I hadn’t thought of that and hadn’t realised that was happening. It did quite take me by surprise," the actress continued. Fans have been reacting to the character's reintroduction on Twitter, with Swannface writing: "Wendy Flamin’ Crozier! Can’t believe she’s back! Again! #coronationstreet #Corrie." Old from Reading posted: "#Corrie catching up... Very pleased they got the same actor for Wendy Crozier after all these years!" David added: "I bet Ken's still got it in him to have illicit affair with Wendy Crozier. Could be his last chance. #Corrie." Is there more to Wendy than meets the eye? Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.