Gymgoers said watching their fitness venue perish in the fire on Monday was like "losing a house". Emergency services dashed to CrossFit gym in St Albans, Hertfordshire, but the blaze quickly spread to other businesses at the industrial park. Ben Stacey, owner of the gym, said: said: "I watched in dismay as nine years of my life-blood, sweat and tears - burned to the ground. "So many memories were created there; moments spent with the amazing humans who are our members, and who made CrossFit St Albans what it was. Now we need a new home." No one was hurt in the blaze and the building was evacuated safely. The gym employed eight coaches and it had around 200 members, they all treated each other as a "big and sweaty family who likes to train together". General manager Claudia Luscombe-Whyte, 47, told Hertfordshire Live: "It feels like we lost part of our DNA, part of our reason for being. We are homeless. "We sat at the golf course and watched how our life-work went down in flames. "We just started a class when the fire began. Luckily, all members were calm. They evacuated and managed to get themselves and their cars to safety. "At this point, we thought we were just being safe and prudent as the fire, although large, was still next door. So, this is our biggest relief - that no one was harmed."  It is estimated that between £80,000 - £100,000 were lost in the fire. The gym also faces a loss of revenue. A fundraiser has been set up in the wake of the fire, and money is already flooding in. People have donated over £26,000 in the past three days. Claudia, who worked at the gym for seven years, continued: "The fundraising has been done so we can keep paying our coaches who won’t have any income in the next couple of months. "We are very grateful for the support which is remarkable. The local community and the fitness community just stepped up and help. The money we raised will go towards paying our coaches so they can feed their families and the rest will go towards the new venue. "We can’t find a facility anywhere in St Albans. We struggle to find land and landowners who have a unit and are prepared to lend the unit to us. "Other members and I really need a new home. We just need an industrial unit or a barn or a room with high ceilings because at the moment we don't have the equipment. There is only so long that we are going to be able to train in parks and actually that isn't a nature of the CrossFit "Anyone who knows anyone within our community that might have a suitable home for us whether it is temporary or long term, that would be like winning the lottery." Around 200 members of the CrossFit St Albans received an opportunity to train at other gyms until they can return to their new facility. Claudia said: "I have always been excited to go to CrossFit and help the members, have a laugh and create these wonderful relationships and show people how remarkable they are. "Our coaches train others because they love people and they love helping people. We always do what we can in the community, we always fundraising and thinking about ways we can help.  "I think because of that the support we are receiving is so amazing. People can recognise that it was such an organic process of people helping people. It is an honour to be in the process of that."