You can now give your old telly a blockbuster upgrade without spending a fortune. That's all thanks to Amazon's big Prime Day sale with devices such as the Fire TV Stick and Roku players getting some hefty price cuts. The deals are so good you'll be able to pop one in your online basket for just £12.99! If you weren't already aware, these gadgets plug straight into your current TV and help make it smarter with some even arriving with a voice-powered remote so you can find content and skip through shows simple by shouting a command. Both of these brands also include full access to the most popular streaming apps including Disney+, Netflix and Prime Video. There are even dedicated buttons on the remote that take you straight to these services without navigating endless menus. As we mentioned earlier, incredibly you can now plug a Fire TV Stick into your telly for £12.99 or add a Roku streamer to your lounge for just £15.19 which is a bit of a bargain. If those sound like an unmissable deal here are all the best offers on Amazon's Fire TV and Roku players. Fire TV Stick Lite • NOW £12.99 - SAVE £17SEE THE DEAL HEREThe Fire TV Stick Lite is Amazon's entry-level streaming device but it still offers access to all of the most popular services such as Disney+ and Netflix. It even arrives with an Alexa-powered voice remote for easy access to shows, movies and streaming apps. Fire TV Stick 4K • NOW £22.99 - SAVE £27SEE THE DEAL HEREThe Fire TV Stick 4K does exactly what it says on the tin with this device able to stream content to TVs in glorious 4K quality. That means users will be treated to a pin-sharp image when watching the latest blockbusters or bingeing on boxsets. Fire TV Stick 4K Max • NOW £32.99 - SAVE £22SEE THE DEAL HEREIf you want the best of the best then the Fire TV Stick Max should be top of your wishlist. This device is not only Ultra HD compatible but is also faster and more reliable thanks to an improved processor and Wi-Fi 6 technology. Roku Express HD • NOW £15.99 - SAVE £15SEE THE DEAL HEREThe Roku Express is the firm's entry-level streaming stick but still features full access to all the most popular services. Owners also get a standard remote control with dedicated buttons for easy access to Netflix, Rakuten TV and Spotify. As the name suggests, the Roku Express HD doesn't offer 4K but content can be viewed in full 1080p High Definition. Roku Express 4K • NOW £18.99 - SAVE £20SEE THE DEAL HEREThe Roku Express 4K is almost identical to the standard model but has one major advantage as it offers users full access to full 4K streams. That means users get a sharper image when watching movies on platforms such as Netflix and Disney+.Just like the HD model, there's also a remote control, easy setup and instant access to some of the most popular services. Streaming in 4K does require slightly faster broadband so make sure your internet connection is up to speed before taking the plunge. Roku Streaming Stick 4K • NOW £28.99 - SAVE £20SEE THE DEAL HEREIf you want the ultimate TV-watching device then Roku's Streaming Stick 4K is a great option. This little box of tricks not only offers full 4K HDR content but also faster speeds and a remote that offers full voice controls. Of course, to grab these huge discounts you'll need to be a Prime member which usually costs £7.99 per month. However, there is a simple way to sign up today and pay nothing for Prime with Amazon offering a 30-day free trial for all new customers. As long as you cancel the membership next month you'll get all the Prime Day deals without paying a penny extra. YOU CAN SIGN UP FOR FREE PRIME HERE Amazon Prime Day is not just about cheap streaming devices with Amazon also slashing prices across a swathe of products. From now until July 13 there are deals on devices including Nokia smartphones. There's also 50 percent off Samsung TVs, huge reductions on Shark vacuum cleaners and even savings across a range of Apple devices including the Apple Watch. We've rounded up some of the biggest discounts and you'll find all of the best Amazon Prime Day deals here. READ MORE