Many Britons are still unaware that low income households who rely on universal credit and tax credits could get fast broadband for a fraction of the cost. It could save the average household more than £30 a month. Millions of British households could benefit from saving on their internet bills amounting to more than £350 a year. But when it comes to making savings - research found a third of Brits (33 percent) would rather cut back on petrol than broadband to save money. Social tariffs now allow people to pay less for their broadband so they can still access the internet, look for jobs and keep in touch with friends and family. Community Fibre’s Essential package works out at £12.50 a month - a saving of over £30 on the average household bill of £41.50 READ MORE: State pensioners may have to wait longer for free bus pass It’s not the only company to introduce a social tariff - BT, Virgin and TalkTalk also run schemes where lower income families can pay less. Some 10 million people are estimated to be eligible for cheaper broadband because they are on low incomes, yet as little as one in six (15 percent) apply for them. BT broadband's home essentials package is for people claiming Universal Credit, Pension Credit, Employment and Support Allowance and Jobseeker’s Allowance. More than four million households could apply for the BT package which costs £15 a month and promises speeds of up to 36 megabits per second (Mbps). DON'T MISSPensioners could secure 10 key freebies to help with rising costs [UPDATE]Dragons' Den: 'Most successful product' signs £25m deal in 3 months [INSIGHT]Nadhim Zahawi urged to free Britons from £6bn pension tax burden [WARNING]Universal Credit: 25 things you could get for free in July [ALERT] Ernest Doku, broadband expert at Uswitch.com, said it’s more important than ever for people to check their entitlement to things such as cheaper broadband. He said: “At a time when the cost of living is soaring for many households, more need to be aware of the deals that might be available to those customers who struggle the most." Virgin Media also offers Universal Credit claimants speeds of about 15 Mbps for £15 a month. TalkTalk has collaborated with the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) to waiver the installation charge for people who aren’t yet connected to the internet. READ MORE: Universal Credit: 25 things you could get for free in July It’s not just broadband where savings can be made, Express.co.uk has come up with 20 ways to save and make money this July - including an easy way to earn an extra £30 a day. People can throw a dry towel in the dryer to decrease drying times or check whether they could get 50 percent off their water bill. They may be able to save money by checking out WaterSure and WaterHelp schemes. This is usually available to low income households or those with someone who has a medical condition.  Britons should also check whether there’s a food club near them as they could save a fortune on the food shop. Elaine Winghart told Express.co.uk she gets £25 worth of food from a food club in Bristol for around £3.50. It’s different to a foodbank and everyone can benefit from good food at a reduced cost. Alternatively, supermarkets tend to bring out Yellow Sticker bargains from 7pm.