There's a fresh warning for Android users today with Google banning another EIGHT applications from its Play Store. The latest threat, which was discovered by security expert Maxime Ingrao, used apps such as Gif keyboards, video editing and camera filters to spread the nasty Autolycos malware. This stealthy software has the ability to infect devices with hackers then able to gain control, sign users up for expensive subscription plans and even read personal text messages. It appears some of these apps may have been available for some time with a tweet from Ingrao saying: "Found new family of malware that subscribe to premium services. 8 applications since June 2021, 2 apps always in Play Store, +3M installs." As soon as Google was informed of the new threat it removed all of the offending applications from its store but not before millions had already downloaded them. In fact, two of the offending apps both received one million installs each before being blocked. If you're concerned by this latest news then we've listed the full names of the malware-packed applications below. HERE'S THE FULL LIST OF APPS • Funny Camera • Razer Keyboard & Theme • Vlog Star Video Editor • Creative 3D Launcher • Wow Beauty Camera • Gif Emoji Keyboard • Freeglow Camera • Coco Camera v1.1 If you have installed any of these apps onto your device then you must delete them without delay to keep things safe. It's also worth checking your bank statement to make sure you've not been signed up for any unwanted subscription plans. News of these bad apps comes after a further four applications were blocked by Google last week. Security expert at Pradeo found that the dreaded Joker malware hidden inside the Play Store downloads with the team saying: "Users are advised to immediately delete these applications from their smartphones and tablets to avoid fraudulent activities." READ MORE: Nokia is back with a new £65 phone and something we've never seen before This infamous piece of malware is capable of signing Android users up for expensive subscription services without their knowledge, which can leave them hundreds of pounds out of pocket. The apps Android users need to avoid are Smart SMS Messages, Blood Pressure Monitor, Voice Languages Translator and Quick Text SMS. If you've downloaded any of the apps mentioned above, here is how to delete them from your device... Open the Google Play Store app • At the top right, tap the profile icon • Tap Manage apps and devices > Manage • Tap the name of the app that you want to delete • Tap Uninstall