Manchester United remain keen on a deal for Frenkie de Jong. However, reports in Catalonia have claimed the Barcelona star has no drive to leave the Nou Camp for Old Trafford. So, with that being the case, Express Sport will now take a look at four ways the Red Devils can get the 25-year-old to change his mind. While De Jong hasn’t been a Barcelona flop, he’s yet to realise his potential over in La Liga. The Netherlands international has often blown hot and cold, struggling for consistency under Xavi, Ronald Koeman, Quique Setien and Ernesto Valverde over the years. The best football De Jong has played during his career was under Erik ten Hag at Ajax. So the Red Devils would be wise to stress just how special he can become if he’s reunited with his old boss. Ten Hag helped develop De Jong into the household name he is today and their bond in Amsterdam was strong as Ajax re-established themselves as the biggest club in the Netherlands. Man Utd transfers: The mouthwatering XI to tackle Brighton with 5 new signings De Jong, at Barcelona, earns a huge £350,000-a-week. And if United are really hellbent on bringing him to Old Trafford, they could try and offer him that same salary. Make no mistake about it, De Jong would be one of the best-paid players at United if he ends up joining regardless. But by giving him an even bigger wage than originally planned, they may be able to strike gold. De Jong doesn’t want to leave Barcelona but the brutal truth of the matter is that, due to his salary, the club are open to doing business. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Man Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leave Man Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong United have a squad short on genuine superstars. They may even lose another in Cristiano Ronaldo, with the Portugal international eager to depart for a team playing in the Champions League. But if United can get some exciting names in the door, it could see De Jong’s current stance change. They’re hopeful of landing Antony, who would be a thrilling addition, while Christian Eriksen could be transformative too. United are keen to avoid signing Galacticos these days but one or two may be necessary in order to show De Jong they’re serious about winning trophies. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. De Jong hasn’t been the leader at Barcelona since his arrival. He doesn’t even get into the team every single week, especially with youngsters such as Gavi and Pedri pushing for regular action. But United might be able to lure De Jong to the club if they promise him he’ll be central to the Ten Hag project. He would be brought in to be a leader and has the full backing of Ten Hag, for obvious reasons. De Jong has never been able to steal the show at Barcelona but, in the Premier League, things could be different. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Speaking recently to Express Sport, United ambassador Wes Brown endorsed his old side’s pursuit of De Jong. “Yeah I do, I think he’s a quality player who is good on the ball,” he stated when asked if De Jong would be worth pursuing. “He’s not shy with the ball and we obviously know we’ve had a lot of players leave, especially midfielders in general. “Whether they were getting to the end, a bit older, but there’s been quite a lot gone. “So we’re pretty thin there. Midfield is definitely a signing that we need and De Jong, I think, would fit the bill very nicely.”