The discount chain is expanding its distribution, transport and maintenance workforce, at its 11 regional distribution centres. The recruitment drive is taking place over the next 12 months, with a range of full time and part time positions on offer. Company bosses hope to create 2,000 permanent roles across the UK this year. Kelly Stokes, recruitment director at Aldi UK, said: “As we continue to grow and make Aldi accessible to even more shoppers, we need more amazing colleagues at our distribution sites across the country to make that possible. “As well as market-leading pay and benefits, being an Aldi colleague means a great working environment and real opportunities to progress within the business. “We look forward to welcoming even more great people to our distribution centres to become a part of our success.” READ MORE: Nationwide increases interest rate on savings account  The retailer has more than 6,500 stores across 11 countries, employing more than 155,000 people. Each region of the UK and Ireland has between 50 and 100 Aldi stores. Those interested in applying for a career with Aldi can visit www.aldirecruitment.co.uk. The website includes a map showing where the retailer’s distribution centres are located. DON'T MISS:Heat pump tumble dryer 'will save you £104 per year' [INSIGHT]WASPI women in new state pension compensation warning [WARNING]Inheritance tax: 11 ways to slash IHT bills as families pay more [ALERT] A woman recently told Express.co.uk about how she saved between £20 and £30 a week on her groceries by switching to Aldi. Hilary Coats, 56, looked at several ways to reduce her costs, as she took on the BT Smarter Living Challenge. She also reduced the amount of meat she was eating in meals to save money on food. She told Express.co.uk: “It's a perfect time to be saying to people, 'Nothing has to be major changes; you can start to make some smaller changes, and that will make a difference.' “It's probably not going to make enough of a difference to cover the rises in costs that we've got, but if it keeps it down a little bit, then it's better than nothing.” READ MORE: DWP scam warning: Don’t get caught out by cost of living scams The price of groceries has shot up 9.9 percent over the four weeks to July 10, research firm Kantar has revealed. The figure is a sharp rise compared with the 8.3 percent in the previous month. Everyday products that most increased in price included dog food, butter and milk. Fraser McKevitt, head of retail and consumer insight at Kantar, has predicted that the overall record for grocery inflation will be surpassed next month. He said: “All this means that people will be feeling the pinch during our first restriction-free summer since 2019. “Taking a barbecue as an example, buying burgers, halloumi and coleslaw for some al fresco dining would cost you 13 percent, 17 percent and 14 percent more than this time last year.” Oils, sauces and spreads are among items that have shot up in price, affected the rocketing energy costs. Ice cream sales at supermarkets have also increased 14 percent and there has been a 66 percent lift for sun-care products over the month. Analysts at Kantar said that the amount of chicken sold is down 9.7 percent, with falls of 13.7 percent for beef, 10.6 percent for pork, 23.7 percent for lamb and 11.6 percent for fish. Experts believe that families are cutting back on their red meat and fish intake as rising costs hit household budgets.