With a net worth of $500million (around £416million), according to Celebrity Net Worth, it is unsurprising that Mick Jagger can afford to live just about anywhere he likes. Mick Jagger recently gave a performance with his bandmates at the British Summer Time Festival in London's Hyde Park on June 25 and July 3. He is currently on a European tour with The Rolling Stones, playing in Lyon, Paris, Gelsenkirchen andStockholm throughout the month of July. But when the rockstar resides in the UK, where is his chosen location? Downe House is a Grade II listed property on Richmond Hill. READ MORE: Kensington Palace: The 'sumptuous' home of Kate and William Grade II buildings are classified as buildings that are of special interest. The Georgian house dates as far back as around 17890 and overlooks the beautiful Thames river. According to Oakfield Estate Agents, an East Sussex estate agency, the property is worth a whopping £13million. On its official website, it described Downe House as a "traditional British house". Mick Jagger bought the stunning mansion in the 1990s. However, he is not the only celebrity who has lived there. Irish politician and playwright Richard Brinsley Sheridan also resided at Downe House, Richmond Hill for a time. Jagger lived in the Richmond property with model Jerry Hall, who he shares four children with. READ MORE: Pink Floyd's David Gilmour lives in Sussex' 2nd most expensive village  The pair got together in 1977, marrying in Bali, Indonesia in 1990. However their marriage was declared nul and void in 1999. As for who got to stay in the marvellous property, this was reportedly a sticky situation. Oakfield Estate Agents alleged that the property "has certainly had its fair share of turmoil". They continued: "Mick and former partner Jerry have been in dispute over ownership for many years. "Last year, it was reported that Mick even changed the locks!" For a time, he moved into the flat next door. Downe House isn't the only UK property the rock icon has enjoyed. In his humble beginnings, Jagger, Brian Jones, and Keith Richards reportedly lived in a squalid flat in Edith Grove, Chelsea from 1962 to 1963.