A recent study from Lenstore has revealed that Britons cannot go more than 15 minutes without checking their phone while driving, with 21 percent of men and 16 percent of women constantly checking their devices while behind the wheel. The report uncovered that a staggering one in four individuals in the UK say their minds frequently wander while driving. Men were found to be more susceptible to experiencing distractions while driving compared to women. One in six individuals surveyed admitted that they could not go longer than 15 minutes without checking their phone while behind the wheel. Generation also played a significant role in our susceptibility to mobile distractions; a huge 37 percent of Gen Zs struggle to take their eyes off their phones compared to just five percent of Baby Boomers whilst behind the wheel. READ MORE: London councils support huge ULEZ expansion despite impact on drivers Senior editor at Heycar Dan Powell offered the following six tips to help you maintain your focus while driving: Plan your journeyIt doesn’t matter if your journey is great or small; it always pays to be prepared for your trip. It is important to check local traffic and weather conditions before you set off and make sure you have a plan B route mapped out, should your travels be disrupted by major road delays. DON'T MISSDrivers warned as all new EV chargers must be ‘smart' from today [IMPORTANT]Electric cars may pay car tax through 'vehicle tracking technologies' [INSIGHT]European Union agrees to ban sales of petrol and diesel cars by 2035 [SHOCKING] Clean your carEnsure your car’s windows and mirrors are clean at all times. Even a small amount of dirt buildup could cause a distraction. It is therefore important to get into the habit of cleaning your car’s windscreen every two weeks. Clean the inside of the windows and windshield once a month with a high-quality glass cleaner. The door mirrors and rearview mirror should also be cleaned regularly. Get comfortableDo you share your car with a partner, friend or family member? If so, you will probably need to adjust the driver’s seat before each trip. You should be able to see the road clearly and reach the pedals and controls comfortably without having to overstretch. Make sure you adjust the headrest, so it provides the correct level of support. And don’t forget to check your door mirrors, as these may have been adjusted since the last time you drove the car. Pair your smartphone and put it awayMost modern cars have some form of smartphone connectivity that will allow you to pair your phone with the vehicle’s infotainment system and accept hands-free calls. More advanced smartphone mirror systems, like Apple CarPlay and Android Auto, will allow you to use voice controls to set the sat nav or change the radio station. Once your phone is paired, put it away in the glove box or a door pocket and keep it there until the end of the journey, so it will not distract you on your trip. Take regular breaksThe Government suggests that as many as one-fifth of accidents on motorways and other monotonous types of roads may be caused by drivers falling asleep at the wheel. It is therefore vital that you take regular breaks to remain focussed and alert at the wheel. If you can, plan a 15 - 20 minute break every two hours. Get an eye testThe NHS recommends an eyesight test every two years. This is important because it will identify any eye health problems and also highlight any issues you may have with your vision. A minor eyesight condition over a long journey can strain your eyes and make you unduly tired, so booking a regular eye test is vital to maintain your driver's focus.