Bayern Munich have opted against joining the race for Barcelona star Frenkie de Jong, according to reports. Manchester United are hellbent on landing the Netherlands international, with Erik ten Hag ready to wait. But a move to Old Trafford remains up in the air, despite the Red Devils agreeing a fee for the 25-year-old. Manchester United are willing to pay an initial £63million to sign De Jong, with Erik ten Hag believing the midfielder can accelerate progress in his first season in charge. However, a move to Old Trafford is proving to be complicated. De Jong is reluctant to join a team who won’t have Champions League football to offer, with United finishing sixth amid a testing campaign under Ralf Rangnick and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. That means they’ll be playing in the Europa League instead. But one team De Jong won’t be joining is Bayern Munich, according to journalist Tobbi Altschaffl via Sport. It’s claimed that the Bayern board think the Netherlands international is a very interesting player, one who could be a big hit at the Allianz Arena. Man Utd transfers: Barcelona draw up De Jong punishment plan But the Bundesliga giants, currently, don’t have the money required in order to strike a deal. Bayern have just spent big on landing Matthijs de Ligt, with the centre-back leaving Juventus in order to pursue a new challenge in Germany. And they’ve also raided Liverpool for Sadio Mane, with the Reds then snapping up Darwin Nunez from Benfica as a replacement. Bayern are yet to discuss any sort of deal for De Jong with Barcelona. And the midfielder himself is eager to remain at the Nou Camp, despite United’s best attempts to bring him to the Premier League. News that Bayern won’t be pursuing De Ligt will likely be news to United’s ears as they continue their pursuit. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong Yet the Red Devils are struggling to convince the player to move to Old Trafford, despite the presence of his former boss Ten Hag. Another issue when it comes to De Jong potentially joining United is the money the 25-year-old is owed by his current club. At the start of the coronavirus pandemic two years ago, the former Ajax star agreed to take a pay cut in order to help the team out. But De Jong now wants the £17m in deferred wages that he’s owed and Barcelona, despite their summer spending spree, aren’t willing to pay it. United themselves have probed covering the costs to ensure Ten Hag’s top target finally makes the move. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. However, due to FIFA rules and regulations, this wouldn’t be allowed as United would essentially be paying a debt they’re not responsible for. Whether they’re able to land De Jong remains to be seen. But Gabriel Agbonlahor thinks the Netherlands international should turn down United and try and get a move to Chelsea instead. “I’ve been talking about Manchester United not being as much of a pull for a while now and their fans don’t like it. They can’t handle the straight facts,” he said. “De Jong, if he’s leaving Barcelona, he does not want to go to Manchester United. There are quotes that have come out that he would rather Bayern Munich, he would rather Chelsea. “Because if I’m choosing a team in the Premier League and I’ve got the chance of Chelsea or Manchester United, I’m choosing Chelsea. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “I’m in London, I’ve got Thomas Tuchel who’s won the Champions League recently, you’re playing Champions League football this season, you’ve got a better squad of players. “Manchester United have got [Cristiano] Ronaldo who doesn’t want to be there, he’s not turned up for pre-season. “You’ve got players that aren’t performing. You’ve lost top players like [Paul] Pogba. “They’ve got problems and it’s going to take them a while to get a chance of winning the Premier League or the Champions League. “Does De Jong want to go from Barcelona, who will be playing Champions League football, to Manchester United, who aren’t going to be?” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here