Nick Kyrgios. A talented tennis player who, some may argue, has so far struggled to meet his undeniable potential on the ATP Tour. The charismatic Aussie has consistently divided the sport's fanbase with his controversial on-court antics, memorable outbursts and the record-breaking fines that have followed. And it's been no different at Wimbledon, where he continued his run on Monday by progressing to the quarter-finals. Kyrgios ousted 20-year-old American Brandon Nakashima to start the day's action on Centre Court, triumphing 4-6 6-4 7-6 3-6 6-2 to set up a last-eight clash against Cristian Garin. But while he took a far more toned-down approach to the match than, for example, his feisty third-round affair with Stefanos Tsitsipas, his route to the quarters at SW19 doesn't sit well with some Express Sport readers. One commenter set the tone, writing: "Kyrgious can only win by cheating. Funny how quickly he can revive when he might go out. All the time, he tries to out of his opponent. Despicable and a disgrace to the sport." Another had hoped Nakashima put an end to Kyrgios' winning run at the All England Club. "I hope Nakashima thrashes him, despite all Kyrgios' delaying tactics," they said. A third reader slammed his lack of respect for the sport: "Got no manners [or] no respect for the game. He won't be around long. Big mouths normally disappear up their own where the sun don't shine. Don't like him one bit." JUST IN: Nick Kyrgios cocksure he set the trend with Djokovic, Federer, Nadal Kyrgios doesn't seem to be popular among a mix of the older generation and those who want to watch tennis for, well, the tennis and the tennis alone. His behaviour tends to resonate more with the younger audience and more casual fans seeking entertainment outside of the ball-hitting action. Regardless, he always seems to get the crowd watching the action live on his side, which has helped fuel his impressive run to the quarter-finals at this year's Wimbledon. But even his successful attempts to turn the crowd on Tsitsipas when he beat the Greek star somewhat agitated the impartial BBC commentary team. READ MORE: 'Cannot do that' - Rafael Nadal Wimbledon spat boils over  So... where do you stand on Nick Kyrgios - tennis' popular pantomime villain? Do you enjoy the extra entertainment he often brings to the court? Is that even partly why you tune in to watch him in action at Wimbledon? Or have you had enough of his antics and want him to taste defeat in the quarter-finals? Let us know your thoughts in the comments section below!