Aerial footage shows the target area under a heavy barrage of Ukrainian artillery fire. Explosions erupt as numerous Russian positions are struck. Near one flattened building, a Russian armoured personal carrier can be seen amidst the smoke. The vehicle is later shown on fire and more Ukrainian shells rain in on the Russian troops.  Ukraine said on Monday it hoped a U.N.-brokered deal aimed at easing global food shortages by resuming grain exports from the Black Sea region would start to be implemented this week. Moscow brushed aside concerns that the deal could be derailed by a Russian missile strike on Ukraine's port of Odesa on Saturday, saying it targeted only military infrastructure. President Zelensky has denounced the attack as "barbarism" that shows Moscow cannot be trusted. A global wheat shortage and soaring European energy prices are some of the most far-reaching effects of Russia's invasion of Ukraine, threatening millions in poorer countries with hunger and prompting fears in Europe over heating supplies this winter.  Officials from Ukraine, Russia, the United Nations and Turkey agreed on Friday there would be no attacks on merchant ships moving through the Black Sea to Turkey's Bosphorus Strait and on to markets and pledged to set up a monitoring centre. A senior Ukrainian government official said he hoped the first grain shipment from Ukraine, a major world supplier, could be made from Chornomorsk this week, with shipments from other ports mentioned in the deal within two weeks. "We believe that over the next 24 hours we will be ready to work to resume exports from our ports," deputy infrastructure minister Yuriy Vaskov told a news conference. As the war enters its sixth month, the Ukrainian military reported widespread Russian shelling in eastern Ukraine overnight. It said Moscow continued to prepare for an assault on Bakhmut in the industrial Donbas region, which Russia aims to seize on behalf of separatist proxies. DON'T MISSBuckingham Palace urged to open all year to pay for £369m refurb [INSIGHT]Should Boris Johnson be given a cabinet position under new PM? [POLL]Ukraine vow to recapture and ‘liberate’ Kherson by September [REPORT] Ukraine said its forces had used U.S-supplied HIMARS rocket systems to destroy 50 Russian ammunition depots since receiving the weapons last month. Russia did not immediately comment but its Defence Ministry said its forces had destroyed an ammunition depot for HIMARS systems. Ukraine's military reported progress in what it has termed a steady counter-offensive in Kherson, however, saying its forces had moved within firing range of Russian targets. Reuters could not independently verify the battlefield reports. Britain said Russian commanders continue to face a dilemma - whether to bolster their defences around Kherson and nearby areas or resource their offensive in the east. Putin calls the war a "special military operation" aimed at demilitarising Ukraine and rooting out dangerous nationalists.