England could make history by winning the Euros for the first time if they beat Germany at a sold-out Wembley today. The Lionesses have captured the hearts of the nations with their run to the final at their home tournament however Germany will pose their toughest test of the competition so far. Die Nationalelf are the most successful European women’s team ever, winning the Euros a massive eight times. The match will see a repeat of the 2009 final which was dominated by Germany who ran out 6-2 winners. England go into the game as slight favourites fresh off the back of their sensational 4-0 semi-final win over Sweden at Bramall Lane. The Germans made harder work of their match against much-fancied France at the Stadium MK but eventually prevailed 2-1 as a result of a header by inspirational captain Alexandra Popp. Here Express Sport previews the game giving you all the information you need to follow the team in their quest for glory. When is England vs Germany? The match will kick off at 5pm today at a sold out Wembley. It is destined to be the most watched women’s sporting event in British history. What TV channels and live streams are showing the game? With tickets being resold for over hundreds of pounds online the only way for people to watch the match is likely to be on TV. The game will be live on BBC One with people also able to tune in via BBC iPlayer and the BBC Sport website. Gabby Logan will head the show and is likely to be joined by Alex Scott and Ian Wright in the studio. Robyn Cowen and Rachel Brown Finnes will be on commentary duties. Who are the key players? Beth Mead and Alexandra Popp will go head to head for the golden boot and they are the pair who are most likely to be the difference makers for their sides. Both players are tied on six goals for the tournament and will both be vying to get on the scoresheet again. Given Popp’s potency in front of goal England centre-back Millie Bright will need to put in a big performance. The 28-year-old has been widely praised for her impressive defensive showings so far and will need to put in another to keep the Germany skipper quiet. Much of the Germans best play has come through midfielder Lena Oberdorf with many tipping the 20-year-old to be named player of the tournament. She will be expected to produce the same during the final and will be someone who the Lionesses need to monitor closely. Alessia Russo could be the ultimate difference maker in the game. The 23-year-old has earned a reputation as something of a super sub during the tournament having scored four times, including an incredible backheel against Sweden, despite never even starting a game. She is expected to start on the bench behind Ellen White again but expect her to come on to turn the match in England’s favour. What are the rules for the match? Both teams can make five substitutions during the game - but can only stop the game three times when play is underway. This has left some managers favouring an earlier change during half-time so as not to waste one of their mid-game opportunities. VAR will once again be in action after being used in every game of the tournament. The officials will also have access to goal-line technology. Should the match still be drawn at the end of the 90 minutes then the game will go to extra time. The teams will compete for a further 30 mins with a dreaded penalty shootout being used to decide the game if it is not settled by the end of the additional period.