Glass shower doors can be particularly troublesome bathroom features to keep clean, with the risk of stains increasing the more often it comes into contact with water and soap suds. These marks are usually because of the high concentration of minerals in hard water. Shower door marks can also be caused by leftover shampoo and body wash, as well as dead skin cells. Though there are plenty of cleaning products on the market promising to leave your shower door sparkling, according to experts from Harvey Water Softeners, the "best" solution could already be tucked away in your kitchen cupboard. They said: "The best way to remove hard water stains from your shower doors is to do so using regular household items such as white vinegar and baking soda. "Vinegar is a great cleaning solution because the acidity helps to cut through the dirt and grime of the soap scum mixture – but this alone won’t always do the trick and this is where the baking soda comes in." READ MORE: Pippa Middleton's mansion has £1m nursery for new baby The acidity of vinegar can break down the kind of film that frequently accumulates on glass surfaces. Baking soda, on the other hand, works well to clean thanks to its high pH, making it alkaline, and therefore able to dissolve organic compounds like dirt and grease. The mineral structure of baking soda particles also works as a gentle abrasive, to clean without leaving scratches behind. DON'T MISSHow to ‘instantly revive’ plants damaged during hot weather [COMMENT]Five ‘natural’ ways to keep mosquitoes at bay - ‘they hate it’ [REVEALED]Houseplants and 'bowls of water' can keep homes 'cool' during heatwave [INSIGHT] For this cleaning hack you will need: To begin, put half a cup of baking soda into a small plastic tub and add enough vinegar so that it forms a paste. Once the fizzing has stopped, use a sponge to rub the paste all over the affected area. Pay close attention to any heavily stained regions. If you have particularly stubborn marks, leave the mixture to sit for up to five minutes. Next, using the sponge and some fresh warm water, rinse away the solution. Finally, dry and buff the glass using a dry, microfibre cloth.