The BBC were forced to apologise after their camera's picked up a foul-mouthed rant by England's Jill Scott. The midfielder was caught shouting 'f*** off you f***ing p****' after being caught by a late German challenge. In response, BBC commentator Robyn Cowen said sorry to anyone who had been offended by the comment. "Apologies to any lip readers," she said. "Not sure you need to be one to figure out what Jill Scott thought of that." The highly-experienced midfielder came on as an 89th-minute sub for the booked Georgia Stanway as the Lionesses prepared for extra time. However, it all kicked off just before the end of the first half in extra-time after Scott was fouled by Germany's Syndey Lohmann. The 22-year-old pulled down the veteran midfielder as she fell to the ground sparking anger. Scott is one of the most experienced players in the England squad having won over 161 caps over a 16-year period. However, this was not enough to stop her from reacting in the cauldron of the Euro final at Wembley. However, it was the 35-year-old who got the last laugh as England triumphed to win the trophy, with Chloe Kelly scoring the winning goal in the 110th minute. The victory was the first time the country has ever won the tournament in front of a record crowd. It would have been particularly poignant for the star who was the sole survivor from the Lionesses' 2009 6-2 final defeat at the hands of the same opposition. Ella Toone had originally opened the scoring with a fantastic lob over German keeper Merle Frohms. However, Lina Magull equalised the tie in the in 79th minute to take the game to extra time before the Lionesses eventually prevailed. The team received a boost even before kick-off with Germany's inspirational captain Alexandra Popp ruled out after picking up a knee injury in the warm-up. It somewhat nullified the opposition's attack with Die Nationelf not carrying the same offensive threat as they would usually. There were tremendous scenes at full-time with Three Lions and Sweet Caroline blaring through the Wembley loudspeakers. The success is likely to be celebrated long into the night and, most importantly, will inspire generations of young girls to take up football and further grow the sport with England.