McLaren have backed the new FIA proposals for 2023 as the fallout over driver safety escalates. The current F1 campaign represents the start of a new era in the sport, with a number of stringent regulations introduced in order to make racing more competitive. But whilst the changes have certainly altered the outlook of the grid, the season has also been plagued by the issue of 'porpoising'.  Following the Azerbaijan Grand Prix in June, a number of drivers complained about the effects of their cars bouncing, not only affecting straight-line speed but causing discomfort as well. Mercedes have been one of the most vociferous teams on the issue, with Lewis Hamilton voicing concerns of potential neck and back problems. And now the FIA is looking to make changes to its own floor regulations in order to address the problem before 2023. But their plans have proved divisive, with Red Bull's Christian Horner insinuating things are being changed to favour the Silver Arrows. A number of teams have backed his views, with Haas boss Gunther Steiner also voicing his displeasure. However, Mercedes Team Principal Toto Wolff has hit back, accusing Horner of being 'bored' and rejecting the notion because his team are the current front-runners. And now McLaren technical director James Key has had his say, arguing drivers need to be protected. JUST IN: Ferrari plan to 'protest' FIA rule that Lewis Hamilton and George Russell will love "We have got to find out what the changes are at this point," he said, via GP Fans. "There has obviously been discussion on the porpoising issue and the FIA have raised a concern over driver welfare and safety, which is definitely the correct approach. "We are supportive of this, I don't think you can rope back on safety issues - I know there is concern from some teams. As a team that hasn't particularly suffered from porpoising, we are still in favour of it because we think it is the right thing to do." DON'T MISS:Christian Horner brands Toto Wolff intentions 'illegal' as F1 bosses turn hostile againCharles Leclerc told 'mistake' must be addressed to keep title hopes aliveChristian Horner risks upsetting Sergio Perez with Max Verstappen Red Bull car confession Key's latter comment may be met with cynicism in some quarters, given the British team have largely under-performed this season. Despite being tipped as an outsider for the title, Lando Norris lies seventh in the standings on 70 points. Daniel Ricciardo meanwhile, is down in 12th on just 19 points. His poor form has led to speculation that team boss Zak Brown could terminate the Australian's contract earlier than planned.  