Nick Kyrgios found the perfect way to get over his Wimbledon final defeat to Novak Djokovic by partying at a London nightclub until the early hours. Kyrgios, 27, was joined by partner Costeen Hatzi and sister Halimah at the well known Wyld establishment, with the group leaving at around 3am Monday morning. He didn't quite have a maiden Grand Slam title to celebrate despite his blistering start against Djokovic, taking the first set 6-4. However, the Serbian then fought back to take the next two, and a tight fourth set reached a tie-break before Djokovic upped the ante to claim a seventh Wimbledon title, and 21st Slam crown. It was the culmination of an explosive fortnight for Kyrgios, whose mercurial play was often tempered by his on-court antics. He was fined for spitting towards a spectator during his first-round win over Paul Jubb, and penalised further following his ill-tempered third round match with Stefanos Tsitsipas. A third fine came for an 'audible obscenity' in his final clash, during which he urged an umpire to eject a female supporter who he said looked like she'd had 'about 700 drinks'. It means of the £1 million he earned from finishing runner-up, £15,000 has already been taken back by organisers. JUST IN: Wimbledon LIVE: Sue Barker rejected new BBC contract as Novak Djokovic's wife left furious And his prize-fund was now doubt further depleted from his visit to Wyld, judging by the Instagram stories of his girlfriend and sister. Halimah, a voice coach, posted numerous shots from inside the club, including one from behind the DJ's booth. Hatzi meanwhile, dubbed Halimah a “bad influence” as she held up two bottles at their table. And the @wyldclub account itself posted a photo of the star carrying a bottle, with the caption: "King Nick Kyrgios is in the building." DON'T MISS:Novak Djokovic's wife bites back at claims Wimbledon winner is 'anti-vax poster boy'Roger Federer drops outside top 1,000 players in ATP rankings after missing WimbledonWimbledon post heartfelt 885-word statement in tribute to Sue Barker - 'End of an era'  The Canberra man has previously spoken of his love of partying, but despite his pre-match engagement with Djokovic, the Serbian wasn't there to join him. Before the final the pair had conversed on Instagram, agreeing to have dinner afterwards before going clubbing. And the duo made jokes about their conversation during their Wimbledon speeches. 