Newcastle United have stepped up their bid to snatch £1million-rated schoolboy Chris Rigg away from arch-rivals Sunderland. The Magpies have approached Sunderland about signing the talented 15-year-old attacking midfielder after watching him on several occasions. Rigg has emerged as the star player among another exciting crop of youngsters coming through Sunderland's renowned Academy of Light, which continues to have a strong production line despite the first team's struggles in recent seasons. The teen star played a key role in helping the young Black Cats win the national Super Floodlit Cup earlier this year. Rigg scored a stunning free-kick in the final against Crystal Palace at Loughborough University in front of a number of scouts. Newcastle are believed to face competition from the likes of Everton for the player's signature. Crucially, Rigg and his family are Newcastle fans and that, along with the temptation of a good contract and terms, make them believe they can pip other teams to land the youngster. MUST READ: Christian Eriksen speaks out on Erik ten Hag chat as Man Utd confirm transfer  The Magpies have tried to steal a march on the competition by already approaching Sunderland. Academy manager Steve Harper is believed to have contacted the Black Cats' Sporting Director Kristjaan Speakman. Any potential deal for Rigg, however, is unlikely to happen until next summer. The player is tied to Sunderland for the next 10 months but can then opt to move elsewhere rather than take on a scholar's contract at the Championship club if he wants, similar to how Joe Hugill left the club to join Manchester United at the same age two years ago. DON'T MISS Chelsea 'sign Arsenal ace Omari Hutchinson' as Gunners contract talks break down Arsenal staff surprised by Gabriel Jesus in training after £45m transfer Tottenham boss Antonio Conte suffers transfer blow as left-field target 'refuses' deal  Newcastle are trying to improve their academy and U23s set-up, and have been actively recruiting in this area over the last few months as they look to snap up some of the top youth talent around. They have signed 17-year-old Charlie McArthur from Kilmarnock, Republic of Ireland U18 captain Alex Murphy, Jordan Hackett-Valton, 18, from Spurs and are keen on 16-year-old Southampton wonderkid Tyler Dibling. Rigg, who only turned 15 last month, also starred for Sunderland's U18s last season with two goals from midfield. He is an England U15 international, and scored a stunning long-distance goal against Chile in April. 