Martin Brundle's F1 grid walks for Sky Sports before every race never fails to produce headlines, and the British Grand Prix proved no different. There was unsurprisingly a star-studded presence ahead of Sunday's Silverstone showdown, but Brundle characteristically didn't recognise every star in attendance. There was a festival feel throughout the British Grand Prix weekend, with over 400,000 F1 fans converging at Silverstone across the three days. Before the race, Brundle caught up with film megastar Tom Cruise, cricket icon Freddie Flintoff, Liverpool defender Trent Alexander-Arnold, chef and TV personality Gordon Ramsay and rapper Stormzy among others. It's always a welcome source of entertainment among the F1 community when cameras catch a big name, but the well-liked presenter misses some from time to time. And the latest celebrity to suffer an awkward snub was UFC superstar Paddy Pimblett, who looked to be loving life on the starting grid. Pimblett's ruthless quality inside the Octogan and infectious charisma have shot him to stardom and made him a hugely popular figure in the sporting world. And despite Brundle ignoring him on the grid, he was in great spirits, blessing the camera and viewers at home with a glistening grin. JUST IN: Lando Norris pokes fun at Lewis Hamilton after British Grand Prix The 27-year-old, born in Liverpool, boasts a professional MMA record of 18 wins and three losses and is unbeaten since joining the UFC. He won his debut fight in September 2021, beating Luigi Vendramini via KO/TKO, before winning his latest bout against Kazula Vargas via submission at UFC 204 in March. His next opponent comes in the form of Jordan Leavitt, who he'll meet on July 23 as part of the Curtis Blaydes vs Tom Aspinall card at the O2 Arena in London. And he'll be vying to pick up the 19th victory of his professional career while extending his unbeaten start in MMA's prime promotion. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton fires warning to Mercedes after thrilling British GP Pimblett would've undoubtedly loved what he saw in the British Grand Prix just as much as the passionate fans in the crowds and behind the fences. After a worrying start, marred by Zhou Guanyu flying into the barrier upside down due to a crash on the first turn, the drivers produced the most memorable race of the 2022 season so far. Carlos Sainz picked up the first win of his F1 career, while Lewis Hamilton fended off competition from the Spaniard's Ferrari teammate Charles Leclerc to seal a podium place in his home race. There is bound to be more drama on show during next weekend's Austrian Grand Prix at the Red Bull Ring.