Liberal Democrats Deputy Leader Daisy Cooper has been repeatedly challenged by Andrew Marr to lay out the party's plans regarding a pact with Keir Starmer's Labour Party to walk the UK back on Brexit. Ms Cooper was not forthcoming as to whether the Lib Dems would be willing to enter into a coalition arrangement with Labour to boot Boris Johnson's Conservative party out of power. Mr Marr told the Deputy Lib Dem Leader: "You have ruled out a coalition with the Conservative Party, that only leaves one possibility really, which is the Labour Party. "I just put to you what the Conservatives are saying, let's be absolutely straightforward about this, they're saying what's going to happen if we get things wrong as the Conservative Party is Labour and the Lib Dems will come back into government together, they will change the voting system, they will lock us out and they will reverse Brexit. "I just put it to you, they are not wrong." Ms Cooper replied: "I think the Conservative Party are in a real mess at the moment and they're scared about the fact that 41 percent of backbench MPs have just voted no confidence in the Prime Minister. JUST IN: 'Huge problems!' Blackford cornered on NI-style border with IndyRef2  "They're using scare tactics because they've got nothing constructive to say on their own, and I think they are fearful for the fact that liberal Democrats have just achieved the biggest majority one ever in a by-election ever. "And we're winning the argument, for example, on the cost of living crisis where the government have just taken up the idea of a windfall tax. Mr Marr responded: "So you're not actually denying my central question, which is that that's what would happen, that you and the Labour Party would come to some agreement on changing the voting system, you would both agree that you would walk back from Brexit, that's what would happen." "Well as an opposition MP, I look at what the Conservative government is doing to this country and I fear for the future," replied Ms Cooper.  "Well that's about them, I'm talking about you!?' pressed the LBC presenter. Ms Cooper continued: "I fear for the future of the country under the Conservative Party, and so it shouldn't surprise anybody that as an opposition MP, we want to get rid of this government. "We have no idea when the next general election is going to be we don't know what the main platform will be of any of the major parties just yet. "Presumably you do of your own one?" enquired Mr Marr. DON'T MISS: Putin pundit tells Sturgeon to contact Russian hackers for Indyref2 [REVEAL]'Desperate distraction act!' Sturgeon savaged over Indyref2  [REPORT] ‘Sturgeon has no mandate!’ Alastair Stewart guest slams SNP Indyref2 [INSIGHT]  "All parties are developing their manifestos at the moment." "As I say we have a set of values where internationalist environmentalist," she added. "But we're developing our manifestos. "What we're saying right now is that we want to win this trust and support of voters around the country and to beat this Conservative Government."