Tottenham are exploring the possibility of signing Jesse Lingard on a free transfer following his release from Manchester United, according to reports. The England international attacking midfielder is now officially a free agent following the expiry of his Old Trafford contract and Spurs are set to do battle for the 29-year-old's services.  West Ham have already made a lucrative proposal to their formal loanee but he is yet to give them an answer on a return to east London. Everton have also thrown their hat into the ring following the £60million sale of Richarlison to Tottenham. Now The Telegraph are reporting that Spurs are open to landing Lingard as they begin to explore a deal with his representatives. Lingard is expected to stay in the Premier League although he has previously attracted interest from France, Italy and Spain in recent years. READ MORE: Tottenham working on sixth signing in background of Richarlison and Clement Lenglet deals Spurs have already shown huge ambition in the summer transfer window with six signings currently in the offing. Four of those are now officially through the door in the form of Fraser Forster, Ivan Perisic, Yves Bissouma and Richarlison. Moves for Clement Lenglet (loan) and Djed Spence are also in the works with negotiations now advanced with Barcelona and Middlesbrough - although there is still work to be done. Daniel Levy and Fabio Paratici were targeting six new additions before the pre-season tour of South Korea and so far, they have both been good to their word. But they are not stopping there as Lingard emerged as a surprise seventh target for Antonio Conte, whose north London revolution could reach new heights next season. DON'T MISS MORE SPURS TRANSER NEWSTottenham working on sixth signing in background of Richarlison and Clement Lenglet dealsTottenham decide stance on Anthony Gordon transfer after sending Everton 'package offer'Tottenham on verge of fourth and fifth signings following double transfer breakthrough Lingard barely featured for United last season despite the club blocking a January move to Newcastle. He made just 16 appearances in the Premier League last season, his lowest tally at United since his breakthrough campaign at senior level. However, the attacker will feel he has a point to prove to England manager Gareth Southgate ahead of the World Cup in Qatar. The Three Lions ace was cut from the final squad for last summer's European Championships after forcing his way back into international reckoning during his time on loan at West Ham. Yet his next move could ultimately be the biggest decision of his career as he looks to get back to playing regular football. Express Sport understands Hammers boss David Moyes has overruled the board in an attempt to push through a deal for Lingard. The West Ham hierarchy are prepared to finance a move for Villarreal forward Arnaut Danjuma but instead, Moyes wants to land Lingard and negotiations remain ongoing with his entourage. Spurs and Everton's late arrival at the table could have implications for the Irons, who would welcome Lingard back to the London Stadium with open arms.