Elvis Presley is being celebrated in cinemas after the release of the new biopic: Elvis, from Baz Luhrmann. However, it left out quite a lot of detail about one important woman in his life: Ann-Margret. When Elvis first met Ann-Margret he was already in a relationship with Priscilla Presley. He met and fell in love with the young girl in 1959 in Friedberg, Germany, while the King was stationed there for the US Army. Just a few years later, they were living together in Graceland as an unmarried but happy couple. Although Elvis had a number of affairs throughout this relationship, none were as passionate as the one with Ann-Margret. Elvis and Ann-Margret met just before they started working on a film together - Viva Las Vegas. Their love affair exploded behind the scenes. They spent almost every minute with one another, behind Priscilla's back. But their year-long relationship crumbled when some comments she may or may not have made hit the newspapers. The quotes suggested Elvis and Ann-Margret were secretly engaged, and Priscilla was not happy. Elvis broke it off with Ann-Margret, and they essentially didn't see one another again for a decade. That is, until December 1972. By then, Elvis was married to Priscilla, and Ann-Margret was married to producer Roger Smith. Ann-Margret had a residency slot in Las Vegas at the time. And on this fateful December evening, she met Elvis for the final time. Elvis attended Ann-Margret's show before they went to a star-studded after-party at the Las Vegas Hilton where the pair chatted about old times and reminisced about their days on set before parting ways. But later that night Ann-Margret received a phone call in her hotel room from Elvis. She recalled the event in her memoir, My Story. READ MORE: Elvis Presley was 'scared of Frank Sinatra' and wouldn't date Nancy Ann-Margret wrote: "Elvis told me how great it had been seeing me earlier." He continued by telling her how "lonely" he was and that he just wanted to see her one more time. At the time, Elvis was going through a bitter break-up with Priscilla. So it's no wonder he wanted to rekindle his relationship with Ann-Margret. Eventually, he asked Ann-Margret one of the toughest questions she ever had to hear. Ann-Margret revealed: "He asked if he could see me. It was a question I’d anticipated since [that] afternoon but hoped that he wouldn’t really ask." DON'T MISS...Elvis Presley was 'scared of Frank Sinatra' and wouldn't date Nancy [NEWS]Elvis: Linda Thompson's tribute to King 50 years after first meeting [INFO]The Beatles: Paul McCartney on first meeting ‘posh’ John Lennon [INSIGHT] Ann-Margret finally responded: "You know I can’t." Her blunt honesty allowed him to truly open up to her. He said: "I know, but I just want you to know that I still feel the same." The pair hung up and parted ways emotionally once again. But neither of them realised that Elvis' story had almost come to an end. Five years later, in 1977, on August 16, Elvis died. Elvis was found dead in Graceland in the room next door to the bedroom of his daughter, Lisa Marie Presley. When Ann-Margret heard the news, she dropped everything and went to Tennessee. She was the only person from Elvis' Hollywood career that attended his funeral. When Ann-Margret finally met Elvis' father, Vernon Presley, he gave her a message from the King: "He was so proud of you." SOURCE / SOURCE