Chelsea are contemplating whether to sign Jonathan Clauss from Lens in a £10million deal, reports suggest. It comes as Barcelona eye a double transfer signing of Cesar Azpilicueta and Marcos Alonso as they enter the final year of their contracts. Chelsea duo Azpilicueta and Alonso are looking to leave this summer after already agreeing personal terms with Barcelona yet the Spanish giants are to agree a fee with the club. Without a replacement, Thomas Tuchel does not want to lose two senior players in a year where he hopes to bridge the gap between the Blues and Manchester City and Liverpool. There have already been some huge departures in the form of Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen after their contracts expired. With Azpilicueta and Alonso also leaving, that would leave Chelsea's defence ransacked while there has been slow progress on finding players to fill the void. The likes of Jules Kounde, Nathan Ake and Presnel Kimpembe have been strongly linked. But one player being sounded out is Lens star Clauss, report the Evening Standard. The right wing-back could be on his way out of the northern French team after growing interest in his services. The 29-year-old was regarded as one of the best players in Ligue 1 last season, even earning a call-up to the France squad where he impressed Didier Deschamps. Reece James would be the only option at right-back should Azpilicueta make his move to Barcelona. And it is further stated that Clauss could cost just £10m in a bargain deal for the defender yet they are not the only ones keen. Marseille are moving ahead with their plans to snap up the former Arminia Bielefeld star while a host of other clubs in the Champions League are also looking at a potential transfer. It has been a slow summer at Stamford Bridge where new owner Todd Boehly is almost working on his own after the departures of Bruce Buck, Marina Granovskaia and Petr Cech. As a result, Chelsea are the only top-six side not to make a single signing. Raheem Sterling is close to being brought in from Manchester City, though, as well as defender Ake to alleviate the concerns in the backline. However, Tuchel has big plans to spruce up his team. Raphinha had been sought after but Barcelona appear to have won the race while it indicates that the German manager is after another attacker. That could spell danger for the likes of Timo Werner, Christian Pulisic and Hakim Ziyech, who have been linked with exits this summer.