Political insiders are talking about a possible Lib-Lab election pact. An anti-Tory alliance is no doubt the best path forward for Labour, even as the party goes 10 points clear of the Tories in polling Speaking to Bloomberg the Labour leader said his party would not go into coalition with anyone, including the Lib Dems. Perhaps Sir Keir had to say this, but the pledge could come back to bite the Labour leader, not only because of reports that Labour and the Lib Dems have given each other a relatively free pass in recent by-elections, but because Labour need the Lib Dems to beat the Tories in many key southern seats. Any splitting of the left-of-centre vote would see the Tories' win. If there is to be a pact, any condition for coalition from the Lib Dem side is almost certainly going to include a referendum on changing the voting system to proper proportional representation (rather than the watered-down change offered in a referendum in 2011, when the Lib Dems were in coalition with the Conservatives). This time the data suggests the public back changing the voting system. This would be catastrophic for the Tories, who have done extraordinarily well from first past the post, enabling the party to win under half the vote and yet achieve over half the number of parliamentary seats. By contrast, in 2019, the Lib Dems won 11.6 percent of the vote and just 1.7 percent of seats. If the voting system changed, the Conservatives face never governing as a stand-alone majority party again, certainly not for many years. They would instead have to govern in coalition with other right-of-centre parties, such as Richard Tice’s Reform UK, formerly Nigel Farage’s Brexit Party. Perhaps Sir Keir felt compelled to rule out any deal, knowing full well the Conservatives will likely capitalise on any hint of a pact, as they did in the past with Ed Miliband and the SNP. That said, the electoral arithmetic looks far better for Labour if they cut some kind of deal. Ultimately, would the party really cut its nose off to spite its face, and allow the Tories back in, just so Labour didn’t have to enter a coalition with like-minded parties such as the Lib Dems or Greens? By the way, if the SNP made IndyRef2 a condition for coalition, Labour would perhaps have little to fear – polling suggests support for independence in Scotland is not sufficient for people to vote in favour of leaving the UK, a fact which may cause the SNP to hold off on any referendum. Labour is quite likely to agree to a referendum on changing the voting system, not only because so many Labour supporters back it, but because changing the voting system may be the best chance Labour have of winning elections in the future, as the majority party in a leftist coalition. Instead, it is the Tories who have the most to lose. Surely, Sir Keir knows that.