On Monday, August 29, there is a bank holiday which often impacts when people get paid their benefits from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). Anyone who is due a Universal Credit on this day will see their payment date temporarily changed as a result. People who claim this support will instead receive their payments earlier than they usually do. Those who should get Universal Credit on this date shall be awarded their payment on the working day before the bank holiday. Taking this into account, this means that claimants will get paid on Friday, August 26 instead of the following Monday. Despite the earlier payment date, recipients of Universal Credit will not see the amount in Universal Credit changed. Recipients of the DWP payment will also still get paid into the bank or building society account attached to their claim. READ MORE: State pensioners may be able to increase sum by up to £14.75 weekly Many people will be relieved at the prospect of getting paid earlier than usual ahead of the bank holiday. However, this upcoming payment date change means claimants will have to make their money last longer throughout the following month. Usually, Universal Credit is paid directly into the bank account of claimants on the same date each month. In comparison, DWP benefits such as Child Benefit and tax credits are paid every four weeks.  If someone does not receive Universal Credit on the day they were expecting, they should check the date on their award notice and their bank account. In the off chance that a mistake has been made and no money has been sent, claimants should contact the Universal Credit helpline on 0800 328 5644. However, the DWP’s various benefit payment helplines are unlikely to be open on bank holidays. Universal Credit is a payment administered by the DWP which was created to streamline the benefit support for those on low incomes. READ MORE: ‘Game over!’ Woman, 42, watches as hackers steal £10,000 in attack It is paid once a month to claimants. However, those living in Scotland can choose to split their payments during the month. Claimants must be over 16 but under the state pension age to be entitled to this particular DWP payment. Furthermore, applicants must £16,000 or less in savings and investments to be eligible for Universal Credit. There are different payment rates for the benefit, depending on the claimant's age and relationship status. For example, claimants who are single and under 25 get a standard monthly allowance of £265.31, while people who are single and 25 or over get £334.90. In comparison, couples who are both under 25 can claim £416.45 or if either of them are 25 or over they can get £525.72 a month. It may be a person is entitled to additional amounts, such as if they have children or are disabled. It should be noted that the couples payment for Universal Credit is to cover both individuals.