Research from Hey Discount analysed the areas where locals have been most affected by high numbers of tourists. The team looked at the number of rental properties, the increase in house prices and the estimated time it took to buy a house. READ MORE: 'How to get free drinks and upgrades': Flight attendant shares tricks The ancient city of Bath took the top spot and has seen house prices increase by almost 80 percent in the last 10 years. On average it takes around 27 years to buy a house in the popular tourist city. Demand for holidays in Bath has also soared with an over 100 percentage increase in tourist interest in the city. The city doesn’t have as many holiday rental properties as some destinations with just over 1,500 registered as holiday accommodation. Many tourists in Bath pay a visit to the ancient Roman baths or take a dip in one of the city’s famous spas. The Lake District took the second spot and has almost 8,000 properties registered as holiday lets. House prices have increased by over 65 percent in the last 10 years and it takes around 15 years to buy in the area. The stunning national park is one of the UK’s top tourist destinations and attracts millions of visitors a year. READ MORE: World’s most dangerous tourist attraction safety plans slammed Newquay rounded off the top three and house prices in the Cornish town have soared by 65 percent in the last 10 years. Cornwall is one of the UK’s most popular tourist destinations but many locals have found they can no longer afford to live in the beautiful region. The average annual salary in Newquay is just over £17,000 and it takes over 20 years to buy a house there. Visit Cornwall has announced a plan to introduce mandatory registration for holiday lets in a bid to monitor the number of properties. London also made the top five and house prices have risen by over 85 percent in the capital over the last 10 years. There are almost 40,000 holiday rentals registered in the capital and local residents are finding rents increasingly unaffordable. York finished off the top five and it takes around 16 years to buy a house in the ancient city. Famous for its winding streets and boutiques, York has become increasingly popular with international tourists.