Ivana Trump, Donald Trump's first wife, has died a statement from her family revealed on Thursday, with heartfelt tributes issued from her three children. The former US President issued a statement on her death saying: "I am very saddened to inform all of those that loved her, of which there are many, that Ivana Trump has passed away at her home in New York City. "She was a wonderful, beautiful, and amazing woman, who led a great and inspirational life. "Her pride and joy were her three children, Donald Jr, Ivanka, and Eric. She was so proud of them, as we were all so proud of her. Rest In Peace, Ivana!" Ivana Trump posted on Twitter: "Heartbroken by the passing of my mother. Mom was brilliant, charming, passionate and wickedly funny. "She lived life to the fullest — never forgoing an opportunity to laugh and dance. I will miss her forever and will keep her memory alive in our hearts always." READ MORE: Piers Morgan pays tribute to Donald Trump's ex-wife Ivana Since divorcing Mr Trump, she launched several lines of clothing, jewellery and beauty products, and wrote a memoir of her time with her ex-husband which was published in 2017. Their relationship following the split was positive, with her saying in the book that she maintained contact with the father of her children by speaking every week. Prior to meeting her ex-husband, Ms Trump lived in Canada and worked as a model for a period, and also competitively skiied. According to an account in the former-president’s memoir, Trump: The Art of the Deal, the couple met at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal. According to Associated Press, Ms Trump was found unconscious near a staircase at her home in New York. At this stage, it is believed she suffered a fall, with police saying the cause of death is most likely accidental. Express.co.uk will update this page when a cause of death has been verified. DON'T MISSComedian Rhod Gilbert announces he’s undergoing cancer treatment [REPORT]Phillip Schofield left with bandaged eye [INSIGHT]Emmerdale theory: Marlon Dingle to betray Rhona Goskirk in affair plot [ANALYSIS] She was discovered inside her Manhattan home at around 12.40pm after someone called 911 to report that someone, believed to be Ms Trump, after suffering a heart attack. According to its owner, Ms Trump visited her favourite restaurant, Altesi Ristorante, the day before she died. They said that while Ms Trump appeared in good spirits, she was also seemed more fatigued than usual. The owner Paola Alavian said: "Her health seemed normal, she looked maybe a little bit tired, but she otherwise seemed okay”  He said he did not recall what Ms Trump ordered but explained it was a "very, very small amount of food." A spokesperson for the New York City Office of Chief Medical Examiner said they will be investigating the death, “but that is all I have to share at this time". Ms Trump, who was born in what is now the Czech Republic, married the former president in 1977, and they divorced in 1992. They were notable figures during their time together in New York, and their divorce was the subject of major public interest.