But is it possible to earn a decent living without having to leave the house? The good news is the answer to that is yes and it might be easier than people think. Internet searches for remote jobs have skyrocketed recently with people citing the cost of living and rail strikes as their reasons for preferring to work from home. Google search data shows that the overall demand for remote jobs is increasing over time, reaching its highest point ever in June, even higher than during the COVID-19 lockdown. The good news is that working from home doesn't mean a pay cut - in fact people can earn more than £100,000 per year without having to fork out for petrol. Express.co.uk spoke to experts at career website salary.co.uk and asked them what the best paid remote jobs are in the UK. READ MORE: TV licence: How to get money back on your TV licence fee  Top of their list was a nutritionist - although you’ll need a degree in nutritional science, dietetics, or another relevant field such as human physiology or biochemistry. However, not all well paid jobs require a degree in chemistry - property appraisers can earn £40,000 for valuing someone's home. Jonathan Rawlins, head of data at Check-a-Salary told Express.co.uk: “If you are wanting to have a top high paying job with the ability to work from home, studying either finance, law or computer science will give you the best chance. “There are a large number of sales roles which pay substantially above the national average of approximately £31,000.” DON'T MISS:Huge support for state pension increase — ‘Lagging behind!’ [UPDATE]Pensioners entitled to extra £370 a month - who is eligible? [INSIGHT]Fake bank accounts and pension schemes warning as scams soar [WARNING]Thousands of Britons are paying too much for a TV licence - are you? [ALERT] He continued: “Certain sales roles do not require degrees, just the right attitude to close deals. “Where jobs can be done from home, it appears they are generally being paid more than in office roles.” Mortgage advisors and sales advisors can also work from home and don't necessarily require a degree. The average salary for these roles tops £45,000 and appears to be a little higher for those who don't go into the office. READ MORE: HMRC scam warning as technology makes it 'easier' to steal money The top 10 jobs which don't necessitate a degree according to Salary Checker are: What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea In January, Express.co.uk carried out its own research of the top 10 jobs for pensioners. The research found the most popular choices for retirees were:  Do you want to share your story with Express Money? Get in touch by emailing personal.finance@reachplc.com. Unfortunately we cannot respond to every email. 