The controversial Irish budget airline denies claims that “120 people were still to board the plane”. However they did admit that some passengers were delayed by airport security and as a result missed the flight.  While some passengers were able to book last minute tickets on an easyJet flight later that evening, others had to travel elsewhere or stay in the Czech capital. Passengers booked in the flight departing from Václav Havel Airport at 5.30pm local time on Friday June 24 were trying to get through security. However passengers told The Manchester Evening News that instead of going through security after check in as is standard at most airports passengers had to wait for their gate number to be called. They went to a security check close to the gate alongside passengers on a separate flight to Edinburgh.  However passengers said that the gate number took a long time to be called and there was a very long queue. Once the Manchester bound passengers had gone through security they found the doors at the gate were closed and staff told them that their plane had already left. Hannah Molloy, from Newcastle-under-Lyme in Staffordshire, told The Manchester Evening News that it was “absolute chaos”. She said: “There were 120 of us still to get onto the flight. About half of us managed to get onto the easyJet flight, others had gone to Stansted and others had gone back to Prague to get a hotel. READ MORE: Trade unions and Labour could split as 'summer of discontent' looms  "It was absolute chaos. “There was no one from Ryanair. We spoke to security and they said 'it's nothing to do with us'. “We were told they were 'going to miss the flight slot' but obviously the gate staff knew that there were a lot of people around - they could see us out of the window. “They knew we were not going to make it and no one said anything, but we had all got there in plenty of time. DON'T MISS: OAP 'beaten and stabbed' in his own home left with horrific injuries [REVEAL] Horror as two men kiss three-year-old child - police appeal  [INSIGHT] Ryanair emergency as flights nearly collide in Majorca [SPOTLIGHT]  “The flight took off with about half of us - there were groups of people that were split up and talking to their friends who were on the plane.” As a result Ms Malloy and her partner had to fork out £300 to fly back on a. easyJet flight later that evening. A spokesperson for Ryanair claimed that the situation was “entirely” out of their control. They said: “Due to airport security delays at Prague Airport, a group of passengers arrived late to the gate and missed their flight to Manchester (June 24). “Ryanair passengers are advised via their email/Ryanair app to arrive at least three hours before their scheduled departure time. “We regret that these airport security delays at Prague, which are entirely out of our control, caused these passengers to miss their flight.” 