Neighbours star Scarlett Anderson joined the show when she was just six months old and has been a fan favourite ever since. Ahead of the show's grand finale in a few weeks, Scarlett reflected on her memories and paid a touching tribute via her social media page. Scarlett played Nell Rebecchi, the daughter of Jarod "Toadfish" Rebecchi (played by Ryan Moloney) and Sonya Rebecchi (Eve Morey). She was named after former Ramsay Street resident Nell Mangel (Vivian Gray) after Sonya saw a photo of her. Despite only being a minor character in the series, Scarlett has been a part of the family since she first appeared in 2013. On the official Neighbours Twitter page, a video of Scarlett and co-star John Taylor (Hugo Rebecchi) explaining what she loved about the show was posted. READ MORE: America’s Got Talent: Simon Cowell in tears watching Nightbirde It was captioned: "I just want them to know I'm never going to forget them". Scarlett started on #Neighbours when she was only 6 weeks old, and years later, John, at 9 months old, would make his debut. These two have definitely stolen our hearts #CelebratingNeighbours." Touching on what she would miss the most about Neighbours, she admitted: "The vibe where everyone's just coming here on set and filming, and we're all having a fun time," she said. "I've pretty much grown up on this show, and same with John too. It's sad that it's going to be finishing, but I love thinking about how... I should be grateful for how it even started and be happy that I had a really good time." She thanked her castmates and gushed: "They were really nice and friendly to me when I was young and stuff because I kind of messed up on my lines a bit, but they always had me and whispered the lines to me, or gave me a good cue. "And I just want them to know that I'm never going to forget them." Touching on what her favourite scenes over her nine years on the show were, she revealed: "I think when I was around, like, five or six and I played a scene where I had to – I took Susan's medicine and then I pretended to faint and go in hospital. "When I watch that, it's kind of scary, and I kind of forget about that, like, how long that's been – and also the scene where we pretended I was just born, that's a really nice scene too and a sad one." DON'T MISS...Neighbours theory: Nicolette Stone dead in horror shooting  [WATCH]When does the final episode of Neighbours air? [INSIGHT]Neighbours theory: Dee Bliss returns as Toadie Rebecchi bids farewell [LATEST] Filming for the show has officially concluded, and it has been confirmed that the last ever episode will air on Friday, July 29 in the UK and the day before in Australia. After 37 years on air and nearly 9,000 episodes, it was announced back in March that Channel 5 would no longer be airing the soap. Announcing their departure on Instagram, the official page penned: "We are so sorry to say that after nearly 37 years and almost 9000 episodes broadcast, we have to confirm that Neighbours will cease production in June. "Following the loss of our key broadcast partner in the UK and despite an extensive search for alternative funding, we simply have no option but to rest the show. "To our amazing, loyal fans, we know this is a huge disappointment, as it is to all of us on the team. "We thank you for all your messages and support and promise to end the show on an incredible high. From here on, we are celebrating Neighbours." The show is set to go out with a bang, with Jason Donovan and Kylie Minogue reprising their roles as Scott and Charlene. Neighbours producer Jason Herbison explained: "Scott and Charlene are the ultimate Neighbours couple, and it would not feel right to end the show without them. "We are thrilled that Jason and Kylie have come home to play a very special part in our series finale. It has been an emotional experience for them, for us, and I'm sure it will be for our viewers." Neighbours airs weekdays at 1.45pm and 6pm on Channel 5 and streams on My5.