Prince Harry spoke of the dangers of climate change, the coronavirus pandemic, "weaponising lies and disinformation", the war in Ukraine, and abortion laws in the US while marking Nelson Mandela International Day. Royal correspondent Peter Ford has since explained it is against royal protocol for any family member to share their opinion on politics. He added that Harry should return his title if he wishes to live as a celebrity instead of a royal. Speaking to The Morning Show, Mr Ford said: "He did stray into areas where you're not allowed to stray while you hold a royal title. "He's always going to be Prince Harry, no one can take that away from him but he won't always be the Duke. "He gets this but for some reason, he's choosing to abide by it. "When you have a royal title you cannot be discussing things like abortion rights no matter what you believe. READ MORE: Prince Harry mocked as picture emerges of near-empty UN crowd "You are not permitted to do that when you are a member of the Royal Family. "This is a problem because he's in a very grey zone. He kind of is a royal but not really a royal." He added: "People around the world are saying, 'Prince Harry can say what he wants'. "He can't. Royal protocol dictates you cannot get political that's the rule book. "Give away the title, hand it back. You can do whatever you want then. "This is the blurry line between being a celebrity and being royalty." The duke, who was joined by his wife, the Duchess of Sussex, also spoke about his mother Diana, the Princess of Wales' meeting with the former South African leader in March 1997, and how he "sought solace" in Africa following her death. DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry face humiliating Netflix setback [INSIGHT]TV host slams Harry's friends for Duchess snubbing hunting trip [VIDEO]Kate and William to join Camilla and Charles in 'joint reign' [ANALYSIS] He said: "This has been a painful year in a painful decade. We're living through a pandemic that continues to ravage communities in every corner of the globe; climate change wreaking havoc on our planet, with the most vulnerable suffering most of all; the few, weaponising lies and disinformation at the expense of the many; and from the horrific war in Ukraine to the rolling back of constitutional rights here in the United States. "We are witnessing a global assault on democracy and freedom - the cause of Mandela's life." Speaking about issues in Africa, the duke urged politicians across the world to "lead" despite "resistance from powerful interests". Harry and Meghan arrived at the UN event smiling and holding hands, giving no response to a US reporter's question about biographer Tom Bower's latest book Revenge: Meghan, Harry And The War Between The Windsors.