Er... “Sleep under a sheet to lessen night-time discomfort.” Right. Never thought of that. Um... “Avoid direct exposure to the sun” (lest we burn). Really? Summer sun can burn us? Who’d-a-thunk it? We really don’t need to hear this. Maybe it’s a hangover from Covid and lockdowns: a tendency for our “superiors” to infantilise us and speak to us as if we’re terminally dim. But honestly, I know to kick off the bedclothes on a sultry night. Or do these self-appointed fusspots think I’ll wrap myself in a fleecy dressing gown and totter to the linen cupboard for an extra duvet? It wasn’t like this in the last great heatwave. And I’m not talking the occasional warmish spell in the Noughties, Nineties or Eighties. Oh no! Anyone old enough to remember the summer of ’76 will know all about a real-deal summer super-sizzler. It wasn’t a heatwave 46 years ago. It was a full-on-hot-summer. It lasted weeks and weeks, not just a few days here and there, like the current “emergency”. Day after day of azure-blue skies, scorched grass, dried rivers and reservoirs, water rationing (standpipes in the streets; queues of people clasping bowls and buckets) and Roman-hot nights. I was 28 and newly pregnant. Perhaps it was because I was expecting for the first time, but I worried the planet had tilted on its axis, or the seasons had jolted out of their norm; something fairly catastrophic like that. From now on, Norwich (where I was a reporter for Anglian TV) would be like Madrid and the East Anglian wheat fields would become a dustbowl. There were life-threatening, heat-related events. Richard, then a reporter in the Lake District, has written here before how the usually freezing Cumbrian waters warmed up under the relentless sunshine – but only on the surface. Two feet down, the water was still as icy – and swimmers frolicking in the superheated upper layer who playfully dived deeper would gasp in shock, inhale water, and drown. So yes, there are dangers in heatwaves and we should be warned. But not earnestly instructed to kick the bedclothes off if we get a bit sweaty. I remember taking my Think-tank call for Britain’s battalions driving test as if it were yesterday. It was in Manchester and I was so nervous. I sat behind the wheel of my little Ford Fiesta and grimly negotiated three-point turns, reversed around corners... I was convinced I’d failed. But I passed, and Richard and I celebrated in Didsbury’s finest kebab house. It never occurred to me to get someone else to take the test for me. But that’s how Inderjeet Kaur, 29, has been earning her living. She impersonated other people around 150 times to sit their driving tests for them. Kaur’s now serving eight months inside. But what about the 150 who “passed”? Are they still on the road? I think we should be told. My dessert of choice is usually ice-cream based, especially in a heatwave like this one. Here in France, restaurant-served crème glacee usually comes in lovely little scoops, and if they don’t make it on the premises you can bet it’s from a local provider. Just make sure you eat it before it pools on your plate in the heat. But you’d better hope it’s not from China. Something being touted as the Chinese Häagen- Dazs sounds worrying to me. It doesn’t melt. “Chicecream” can withstand a naked flame, or an hour in a room at 31C. Online clips show it refusing to drip even when zapped with blowtorches. “What’s in there?” one blogger asks. The maker says a seaweed-derived additive is what helps the ice cream keep its shape. So what happens to it when it reaches your stomach? Not so much choc-ice, as block-ice.