You have a lot in common with a new colleague or neighbour. When working together as a team, you can get results. The support you offer each other will make even the most difficult tasks easier for you both to cope with. Responsibilities will feel more like a gift and less like a chore. Rewards will be coming your way for services rendered. Your hard work and quiet determination has earned you a lot of respect in the eyes of those who matter. If you’re hoping to win a tender or plum assignment, a powerful executive will be willing to put in a good word for you. Bills are continuing to rise, limiting choices and dreams. If you are in business for yourself, you are feeling inflationary pressure rising. When you need machines and equipment to get the work done and prices are rising, all you can do is batten down the hatches and get on with it.  You’re looking for ways to improve your life, your mood and your relationships. You’re the life and soul of the party and thanks to a cash gift, prize or award; you can afford to splash out on fun and entertainment. Just avoid getting involved in anything too risky. You will continue to prefer to work in the background in order to complete work already started. If people leave you alone to work in the way you want to do, you will have a lot to show for your efforts. Your trustworthiness and reliability shows and many compliments will come your way. An adventurous housemate is eager to travel abroad. A number of issues hold you back including rising travel costs, possible delays and restrictions still in place in some areas. Your choice may be to stay at home and let them take a chance and go if this is what they really want.  If you are preparing for an important interview or audition, take care about what you wear and how you present yourself. Show a positive, professional face to the world. Success in some dealings could have extra rewards. Someone in a senior position will put an intriguing proposition your way. Business affairs, legal transactions and financial arrangements are all starting to go in the right direction. The results of some agreements will be better than you first anticipated. What might cause problems is the contrary behaviour of a friend who seems to resent you having other priorities. Ideas you’re considering for the future will mean breaking from tradition. This is likely to upset older relatives more than it will younger ones. Even so, it will take courage to go ahead with plans that will not be in keeping with the way things have been done in the past.  You may be given the responsibility of showing a new colleague the ropes. You could be surprised by how little knowledge they have when you have been led to believe they had more experience. The more patient you are, the easier it will be to forge a supportive relationship. Look after your health. Avoid products and places that are known to cause you allergies. Something creative you are working on will be visually striking. Your work will attract admiration and words of praise. A mentor’s appreciative comments are sincere and their suggestions will help you recognise when this work is complete. Flattery isn’t going to work even if it has done for you in the past. Someone you are trying to impress needs to see you prove yourself through your actions. More than words are needed to prove you are sincere. A long-term arrangement is about to be brought to an end. 