Estate agent Leigh Givnan, 27, offered his services on Airtasker, a platform where people reach out for help with everyday tasks. If he completes one task a week, he can earn around £400 a month during the summer months, helping fill up and maintain swimming pools, based on the average price of ‘pool maintenance’ tasks on Airtasker. Recent jobs have included buying a paddling pool for someone, and then blowing it up and filling it. He also cleaned an old pool that had been squashed up in someone’s shed for a couple of years, blowing it up and filling it. He said: “It’s a great way to make the most of the hot weather and earn some money. “Loads of people would like a pool but just don’t have the time to put them up and fill them.” READ MORE: State pensioners may be able to increase sum by up to £14.75 weekly It takes Leigh one to two hours to get a pool ready for a splash, depending on the size and state of the inflatable. He said the extra cash is a big help as he is looking to move home. The handyman, from North London, said: “I’m looking to move into a new flat soon so I’m saving up to kit it out with some brand new furniture. “I also have a young daughter and want to save for a trip to Disneyland next summer.  “Being able to earn extra cash in my free time, around my full-time job, makes these things possible.” Other tasks that Leigh has completed in exchange for cash on Airtasker include assembling furniture and delivering items. He said the extra money has given him more freedom in life. He said: “The cost of living has really knocked me back in recent months, as I’m sure it has for many, so having a bit extra helps me to break even and take the edge off. READ MORE: ‘Game over!’ Woman, 42, watches as hackers steal £10,000 in attack “Plus, it gives me more opportunities to take my daughter out on some great day trips that I wouldn’t have necessarily been able to afford before joining Airtasker.” Airtasker has seen a 50 percent increase in pool cleaning and maintenance tasks. Over the past few weeks, the number of pool tasks has increased by 700 percent. One person is offering £100 for someone to clean their old paddling pool instead of buying a new one to reduce plastic waste. Another individual has offered £200 to clean their above ground pool of all its grime. Airtasker has a Side Hustler Calculator for people to work out how much they could earn by completing certain tasks for people. Airtasker allows people to outsource a huge variety of tasks including CV writing, graphic design, gardening and decorating. People publish their task and the app’s community members then bid on it with the winning bid getting the job.