Hot weather can cause stress to the garden, including the lawn. Gardeners may experience a dry lawn as well as it turning yellow and patchy. To help protect it now, an expert has shared six jobs gardeners should do now. Carlos Real, Lawn Care Expert and Managing Director of TotalLawn, said the grass should be watered every day. Step 1: Water He explained: “Our lawns will no doubt have become accustomed to a bit of rain, so it’s important to continuously water your lawn each morning as temperatures climb.” While overwatering plants can be damaging, Carlos said not to worry about overwatering the lawn. He said: “There’s no such thing. “Don’t hold back as you really want to soak the soil rather than just watering the grass blades.” READ MORE: ‘Old-fashioned’ bar of soap hack for cleaning your house Step 2: Avoid the feed Unless committed to watering the lawn every day, the expert said to avoid granular feeds for a few days. Carlos explained: “That’s because the fertiliser can burn your lawn in the hot weather if it isn’t properly watered. “So save the feed until after the heatwave.” Gardeners should also be mindful of how much fertiliser they are giving their plants. DON'T MISS:How to water your plants properly in a heatwave - ‘best practise’ [EXPERT]Mrs Hinch fans share best way to clean bathroom tile grout - ‘so easy’ [COMMENT]Gardening: The time of day you should ‘always’ water plants [EXPLAINER] Step 3: Mowing According to the lawn expert, gardeners should only be mowing their lawns if they are watering it regularly. This can be done every two to three days. Carlos said: “If you can’t commit to solidly watering your lawn, it’s best to avoid mowing too. “That’s because heat causes additional stress on the lawn, and mowing will only add to this as it tries to recover.” READ MORE: How dishwasher ‘packing technique’ could save you money on bills Step 4: Forget the weed killer Although lawns can be packed with weeds during the summer months, during extreme temperatures, it is best to avoid using any weed killer. The expert explained: “It’s another unnecessary stress for your healthy grass to fight off. “As the heat takes over, plant growth slows down and leaves dry out, reducing the amount of herbicide that weeds can absorb. “So even if you want to remove weeds, chances are they’re not budging until after the sun anyway.” Step five: Keep traffic to a minimum Foot traffic can cause damage to the lawn at the best of times, but during hot weather, it creates additional stress. The expert recommended swapping sunbathing on the lawn for sunbathing on the patio if possible. He added: “Although foot traffic won’t cause immediate damage to the lawn, it can cause issues further down the line by compacting your lawn’s surface.” Step six: Use liquid seaweed Once the hot weather has passed, the lawn might need a little pick me up. To help it regrow, Carlos recommended applying a dose of liquid seaweed. TotalLawn have a seaweed lawn product gardeners can use, although similar products can also be picked up in garden centres. The expert added: “It has the highest seaweed content on the market.” Stay safe While Britons may be enjoying the outdoors, Carlos recommended avoiding the high noon heat. He explained: “For any gardening jobs that simply cannot wait, head out first thing in the morning so you’re not in the sun during the hottest parts of the day. “Keep flames, like BBQs, cigarettes and fire pits away from your grass, and avoid placing a mirror in your garden as it will magnify the heat that it receives from the sunlight. “While this alone will not set your lawn alight, if the sunlight is reflected onto flammable objects, it can be dangerous.”