Motorists across the UK have been battling the ever-increasing fuel costs for months now. According to the latest RAC Fuel Watch, the price of petrol remains at 189.46 per litre on average. Diesel car owners are expected to pay even more with the price per litre standing at 197.52p. However, according to experts at the AA, the prices should start falling in the next few days. Motoring experts have accused retailers of acting too slowly and not going far enough with price cuts, amid decreases in their wholesale costs as a new record price of 191.5p was set on Sunday. The 5p per liter reduction that came into effect in March has also been criticised for failing to stop fuel prices from rising. The AA added that petrol and diesel prices fall by 4p in the coming days. READ MORE: New PM should bring in immediate tax cut to avoid 'alienating' drivers Luke Bosdet, the AA’s fuel price spokesman, told The Telegraph: “Even commentators in the fuel trade say that their pump prices should be falling 4p in the next few days." Mr Bosdet added earlier this week: "Falling pump prices provide the first piece of good news in this cost-of-living crisis, but the reductions should be much bigger and should have started last week if not sooner. “The question now is how much of the potential saving will be passed on to the consumer. "As usual, the fuel trade shows itself very reluctant to pass on lower costs and give relief to hard-pressed motorists." DON'T MISS Drivers urged to follow ‘key trick’ to save money on fuel this summer [INSIGHT] Elderly driver left furious after bin lorry crashes into her car [SHOCKING] Drivers urged to look out for crucial signs that show dogs are too hot [REVEAL] RAC fuel spokesman Simon Williams added to Mr Bosdet’s claims saying: "With oil dropping by 10 a barrel yesterday causing wholesale prices of both petrol and diesel to fall further, even more pressure is now on the supermarkets to act and treat drivers fairly. "We can guarantee retailers will be rushing to buy new stock today at these low prices, but they will no doubt still remain reluctant to reduce their forecourt prices. “If we don't see a significant supermarket cut in the next few days it will be nothing short of scandalous. "And, even if retailers eventually do the right thing, we still need further help from the Government to make the cost of driving more affordable as so many people are being financially impacted by the record high prices. Perhaps a change at No 11 will finally lead to the fuel tax cuts we've been calling for." READ MORE: ‘Incredibly dangerous’ fuel-saving tips drivers should avoid Criticising Westminster for failing to take adequate action Mr Williams said: “More radical Government intervention is urgently needed, whether that’s in the form of a further reduction in fuel duty or a VAT cut. “As it is, drivers surely won’t be able to cope unless something is done to help. “This is fast becoming a national crisis for the country’s 32 million car drivers as well as countless businesses.” Mr Williams added: “March's 5p fuel duty cut now looks paltry as wholesale petrol costs have already increased by five-times that amount since March. “It’s becoming clearer by the day that the Government must take further action to reduce the enormous financial burden on drivers. "The Government needs to recognise that the 5p duty cut is a drop in the ocean and more needs to be done now to support drivers who are feeling the pain every time they go to fill up their cars.”