Adele, 34, was forced to cancel her Vegas residency earlier this year just 24 hours before it was due to begin. This sparked a lot of backlash from many including former Good Morning Britain presenter Piers Morgan, 57. The TalkTV host has reignited the feud as he hit out at Adele as she performs at Hyde Park this weekend. Adele announced in January, 24 hours before it was due to begin, that she would have to cancel her Vegas residency. At the time she blamed it on problems with Covid in the team and production-related issues. However, the Hello singer broke her silence on the backlash she received in a recent interview with the BBC. In response to her comments, Piers took to Twitter to unleash his opinion on the matter. READ MORE: Rafael Nadal's sweary rant after question about his wife Xisca Perello He wrote in view of his 7.9 million followers: "Poor adele. Must be so tough being such a diva." Many social media users took to the comments, with many leaping to the hit singer's defence. Simon40094290 said: "Well you walked off set at the smallest bit of criticism." SteveSASUK added: "Come on Piers, you're better than that." BaldFeegle commented: "Says a massive diva." It came after Adele spoke to the BBC about the cancelled residency and the backlash she has received since. She said: "I definitely felt everyone's disappointment and I was devastated and I was frightened about letting them down. "I was a shell of a person for a couple of months. DON'T MISS... Steph McGovern shares health concerns as Packed Lunch wraps [HEALTH] Janette Manrara parties with Rylan Clark at Grand Prix 2022 [PICS] Yazmin Oukhellou seriously injured after car crash kills ex [BREAKING] "I just had to wait it out and just grieve it, I guess, just grieve the shows and get over the guilt, but it was brutal." Piers voiced his view on the last minute cancellations at the time, when he announced shortly after her trip to the UK. She wrote on her social media accounts: "Hiya, so I’m really happy to say that I am performing at the Brits next week!! "Anddddd I’ll also be popping in to see Graham for a chat on the couch while I’m in town too! I’m looking forward to it! Oh, and Rich sends his love." In response, Piers chimed: "It’s a miracle!! "(Bet the fans who paid all that money to go to Vegas are especially thrilled)." His comments come after the broadcaster previously hit out at the singer branding her a "prima donna". Adele has been performing at Hyde Park this weekend for the British Summertime Festival. Tom Cruise, James Corden and Cameron Diaz were just some of the stars in attendance.