Prince Charles is "out of touch" for having taken "bags of cash" from a controversial Qatari politician at Clarence House in 2015 during meetings with Sheikh Hamad bin Jassim bin Jaber al-Thani, the former prime minister of Qatar, US Weekly’s Executive Director Gwen Flamberg slammed. Instead of the Prince of Wales, Ms Flamberg slashes, Kate and Prince William should be next in line to the throne. Speaking on US Weekly, Ms Flamberg said: "Prince Charles really, I’m still reeling over the fact that the dude took bags of cash from the Saudi business. US Weekly host Travis Cronin exclaimed: "Three million dollars!" Ms Flamberg continued: "It’s like how out of touch can a human be. "The monarchy really needs some modernity. "And I just wish that there would, like, skip over and just put William and Kate into these roles." "I’m really hoping that this is all just formality yada, yada, yada," Ms Flamberg continued. "And we’re going to see this sooner rather than later." Since taking €3million in cash from a controversial Qatari politician, Prince Charles has come under fire for his faux pas. The spokesperson for Clarence House, where the transactions happened, defended Prince Charles saying that the money was donated to charities. The spokesperson said the money was "passed immediately to one of the prince’s charities who carried out the appropriate covenants and assured us that all the correct processes were followed." READ MORE: What Prince Charles could be called as King if he snubs Charles III And the Sunday Times reported there is no suggestion the payments were illegal. Each payment was deposited into the accounts of the Prince of Wales’ Charitable Fund (PWCF) - a fund that grants £3million to a range of charitable causes every year. The scandal has garnered attention because of Sheikh Hamad bin Jassim bin Jaber al-Thani, the former Prime Minister of Qatar. According to Forbes, he has an estimated personal net worth of over $1.2billion, making him one of Qatar’s wealthiest men. DON'T MISS:Camilla & Kate Middleton 'have a lot of fun' together - 'very casual' [INSIGHT]Royal Family LIVE: Fears Meghan & Harry could unleash 'world of pain' [LIVE]Royal Family ranked: Kate storms ahead of William in popularity [ANALYSIS] Nicknamed "the man who bought London", the 62-year-old billionaire used his wealth to expand Qatar’s financial assets in London with a series of valuable assets. Between 2000 and 2013, al-Thani oversaw the investments, including Harrods, the Shard, London’s Olympic Village and Park Lane’s InterContinental hotel. In 2021, he was also named in the Pandora papers, a leak by the International Consortium of Investigative Journalism (ICIJ) which revealed the secret offshore of 35 world leaders. READ NEXT:Fans raise concern over Prince George appearance at WimbledonForgotten photo of Prince William looks so like CharlotteThe many faces of Prince George: Young royal steals show at WimbledonCamilla names her secret 'refuge' and 'one place she can relax'Kate and William given warning over use of Royal Family titles