The University of Wales Trinity Saint David (UWTSD) announced this week Pippa is to present her research into how parents introduce their children to activity from a young age during the 4th CIAPSE Congress in Luxembourg in early September. The Duchess of Cambridge's sister conducted "high-quality research" on a subject, the university said, which is not often explored. Pippa, who is the mum of two young children, was able to "bring a unique perspective to the study as a parent and scholar", UWTSD added. Speaking about her work, the mother-of-two said: "I am passionate about sport and exercise and also love being with children. "I wanted to find a topic that combined these two and felt that there wasn’t enough information, knowledge or focus on early years physical development for mums particularly. "I wanted to learn to not only help my own children but to also continue work in the field to stress the importance of children moving from an early age." Pippa's study, which involved interviewing 24 parents over two phases, highlights the need for parents to be better informed about the importance of high-quality physical literacy experiences for pre-schoolers and of building strong links between home, childcare settings and the community, UWTSD said. This comes as Pippa graduated this week with distinction from UWTSD's Master's course in Physical Education, Sport and Physical Literacy. Pippa, who is an author and columnist, spoke about completing the full-time course while also dealing with her job and childcare. She said: "Getting back into studying took some getting used to but I felt really well supported by the team at UWTSD. READ MORE: Meghan Markle apparently thrilled to be 'cleared' in Palace probe "The nature of the course being divided into specific modules also meant that it was easier to compartmentalise what was required each term. "The modules were all really varied and interesting allowing enough flexibility to channel the course to your passions – for me it was early years’ physical development. "I have enjoyed the balance of work and motherhood and getting back into reading, writing, and learning again." Pippa married former professional racing driver James Matthews in 2017, with whom she shares children Arthur, three, and Grace, one. Her appearance at the Party at the Palace concert on June 4, one of the events held to mark the Queen's 70th year on the throne, sparked rumours Pippa may be pregnant again, as she was spotted wearing a loose green dress which appeared to cover a baby bump. With her research, Pippa also showed to share an interest with Kate in the early childhood and how great an impact the first years of life can have on the development of babies. The Duchess's interest in the topic brought her to carry out her own research behind the scenes, gather experts and work with charities in this sector. In 2018, she created a steering group to look at the necessary moves to make a positive difference in the lives of children. And in 2020 she launched a major nationwide survey to look into Britons' understanding of the importance the early years play in the development of adults. In June last year, after penning an op-ed on the issue with US First Lady Jill Biden, Kate launched the Centre for Early Childhood. This institute pledges to "drive awareness of, and action on, the extraordinary impact of the early years, changing what we think and do on early childhood, in order to transform society for generations to come". In February she travelled on a fact-finding journey to Copenhagen, to see first-hand the world-leading Danish approach to the early years development. Most recently, Kate led a meeting focused on the results of a survey carried out by Ipsos on behalf of the Centre. The goal was to show there is a "real appetite" in the country to see children’s mental health being prioritised. The high-profile meeting was attended, among other Government officials, by the then Health Secretary Sajid Javid and then Minister for Families Will Quince.