Royal etiquette dictates nearly every aspect of Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis’ lives. Ordinary children have rules they must follow at home and in school. But the children in the Royal Family also have strict etiquette lessons on top of this.  According to one etiquette expert, Myka Meier, the children of the Royal family are given rigorous training in preparation for big events. She revealed the key to a smooth run during public appearances and immaculate behaviour is practice, and this was the case during Meghan Markle’s wedding back in 2018. Myka, of Beaumont Etiquettez, which was founded in Kensington and teaches etiquette courses at the iconic Plaza Hotel in New York, said: “Etiquette training for the royals starts as soon as they’re old enough to sit at a table. “They are raised having formal meals, going to formal events and practising everything from voice levels to dressing appropriately to even, of course, how to curtsy and bow.  READ MORE: Meghan and Harry to spend 'exciting and magical' summer with kids “The children in [Meghan Markle’s] wedding would have been very well prepared through rehearsals and even learned wedding-specific behaviour and protocol,” she told People magazine. During these lessons, the young royals would learn appropriate voice levels as well as how to formally dine, and attend formal events. Claudia Bradby, jewellery designer and wife of ITV news anchor Tom Bradby, attended the royal wedding, telling ITV: “They were very well practised, they looked as if they were really enjoying it. “One little girl was upset but being comforted by the promise of Peppa Pig and Smarties later.”  During Prince Philip’s memorial service in March 2022, Kate Middleton was seen telling Princess Charlotte to “shh”. Parenting expert Angela Karanja and founder of Raising Remarkable Teenagers, previously spoke to Express.co.uk about this interaction. She said: “I think what's important is that Kate did not just correct, I.e., telling Charlotte to “shh” and be quiet at that pivotal moment, but she took time to connect. “Throughout the event, especially notably at the beginning, there were several moments of connection. READ MORE: Kate Middleton stays slim with 'most wallet-friendly' exercise “For example, at the beginning when the young daughter appears nervous, the mum leans over and whispers something that evidently cheers her up. “We notice a lot of connection before correction, which is a powerful and positive parenting skill that I encourage a lot with parents. “Also we don't see Kate telling Charlotte off angrily. She does the correcting so matter of factly and swift, and as contained and concealed as she could in that public place." Etiquette expert Pattie Ehsaei has a TikTok channel called @duchessofdecorum.