Manchester United have now made it two wins from two under Erik ten Hag after beating Melbourne Victory 4-1 on Friday morning. Scott McTominay, Anthony Martial and Marcus Rashford were on target during the contest in Australia, with a late own goal adding gloss. Express Sport will now take a look at five things we learned from the match as the Red Devils continue to prepare for the new campaign. Martial is a curious case. On his day, the France international can be unplayable and one of the best strikers in the Premier League. On others, the 26-year-old looks a shadow of himself and undeserving of comparisons with the likes of Thierry Henry and Kylian Mbappe. However, Martial now looks to have benefitted from the appointment of Ten Hag. He was impressive during his 45-minute cameo and took his goal well, making it two goals from as many matches on the tour in the process. Man Utd transfers: The mouthwatering XI to tackle Brighton with 5 new signings In the first half, Ten Hag deployed Martial alongside Jadon Sancho and Anthony Elanga. And it worked wonders, with the Red Devils dangerous going forward and using their speed to cause their opponents problems. Sancho, like Martial, looks significantly improved now he’s got some proper coaching given to him. And Elanga continues to look a talent having been a shining light of the Ralf Rangnick era last term. Cristiano Ronaldo obviously guarantees goals but, based on the last two matches, there could be a line of thought the Red Devils are better without him… DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Man Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leave Man Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong United have been attacking under Ten Hag so far, something that was expected given the style of play the Dutchman enforced at Ajax. But they remain suspect at the back. Victor Lindelof was at fault for Melbourne Victory’s goal, while Harry Maguire appeared to be running through treacle as he attempted to get back. The good news for United is, though, that Lisandro Martinez is poised to join from Ajax. The Argentina international can offer grit and solidarity in a way that the Red Devils’ current defenders seem unable to. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. United have always had one of the best academies in world football. And it appears like their latest bunch of graduates are ready to play a key role under Ten Hag this term. Zidane Iqbal was impressive, with the 19-year-old controlling the game and pulling off some impressive pieces of skill to get fans on their feet. And Charlie Savage stood out as well, with the youngster producing some raking passes that found their mark. With United struggling to get new signings in the door, particularly in midfield, Savage and Iqbal can both benefit. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here United believe Rashford will be better this season. And it appears their faith is justified, with the England international beginning to resemble the best version of himself again. Rashford scored, converting from close range after some excellent work from Eric Bailly. And he also impressed with some trickery, too. Rashford, if he can get back to his best, has the potential to be a leader of this United team.