Virgin River season four is on Netflix now and viewers discovered a lot about Vernon's (played by Tim Matheson) family history. Denny (Kai Bradbury) appeared at the end of season three claiming to be Doc's grandson, and he surprised his relative in the new season. The character came across as very mysterious and he raised alarm bells with some of Doc's friends. At the start of season four, fans discovered some revelations about Doc's relationship history. Before meeting Hope (Annette O'Toole), Doc had been in a relationship with a woman called Rose Miller. Doc believed Rose was dead, as this is what he had been told by Rose's sister. However, Rose was still alive and she had a son, but she had not told Doc she was pregnant. Rose and Doc had met at college, but she left him when she claimed she had met someone else. READ MORE: Who is Stacie in Virgin River? Rose did not want to tell Doc she was carrying his child at the time, and she later gave birth to a son. Her son went on to become Denny's father, making Denny Doc's biological grandson. However, some residents of Virgin River were sceptical about Denny's sudden appearance. Connie (Nicola Cavendish) was particularly concerned that he may be trying to scam Doc out of money. Denny told Doc both of his parents were dead, and he lived with his grandmother. Besides this, he did not reveal much about his past, to begin with. He was acting suspiciously, taking pills from the medicine cabinet at the clinic. Denny later started taking photos of confidential documents belonging to Doc, and he was seen moving a large amount of money at a bank. This led viewers to believe Denny was stealing Doc's money, and he was going to make a run for it. However, when Doc found out, Denny said he was paying off the clinic's mortgage with the insurance money he had been given after his father's death. DON'T MISS... What is wrong with Denny in Virgin River season 4? [INSIGHT] Is Mel Monroe leaving the clinic in Virgin River? [DISCUSSION] Alexandra Breckenridge husband: Who is Virgin River star married to? [EXPLAINER] At the end of the season, Denny revealed to Lizzie (Sarah Dugdale) that he also had terminal Huntington's Disease. This was the reason why he did not want to pursue a relationship with Lizzie, and why he was being so secretive. While Doc trusts him, there are some fans who may think Denny is playing the long game with his lies. His sudden appearance out of the blue did not sit well with Doc's more sceptical friends. As far as season four goes, Denny is really Doc's grandson as he explained his family tree. Whether season five delves deeper into Doc's relationship with Rose is another question. There is a chance Doc could try and rekindle a bond with his former love interest. This may shed some light on Denny's background and how he discovered his grandfather was still alive.  Virgin River season 4 is on Netflix now.