Nick Kyrgios booked his place in a maiden Grand Slam semi-final on Wednesday with a convincing 6-4 6-3 7-6(5) win over surprise Wimbledon quarter-finalist Cristian Garin. It was the Aussie’s second last-eight match at the All England Club, eight years after the first, and he was finally able to break new ground after winning in two hours and 12 minutes. He will face either Rafael Nadal or Taylor Fritz for a spot in Sunday’s final, though could be denied a clash with the Spaniard who is struggling physically in his own quarter-final. Kyrgios and Garin were facing off for the first time, with the Aussie looking to book his spot in a maiden Grand Slam semi-final while the world No 43 had already broken new ground by making his first quarter-final. And it was the Chilean who got off to a very fast start, breaking to love in the first game before Kyrgios responded by earning two break points at 2-3. Garin saved the first with a winner and the world No 40 lost his second break point with an error, but back-to-back unforced errors from the 26-year-old give Kyrgios the break back to level at 3-3. The Aussie then found himself saving two break points while serving at 4-4, getting himself out of trouble with some big serving before setting up his own break points on the Garin serve, breaking to love to take the opener 6-4 after four consecutive errors from the Chilean. It was three games in a row for the 27-year-old as he held to open the second set and his opponent was forced to save another break point to snap the Aussie’s streak and keep things level at 1-1 in the second set. But he found himself facing triple break point once again in his next service game, as Kyrgios won eight points in a row to find himself leading 3-1 in the second. JUST IN: Nadal's message to trainer as Spaniard battles injury vs Fritz  The world No 43 looked to break straight back at 15-40 on the Kyrgios serve in the next game but the Australian Open doubles champion forced three errors from Garin before sealing the game with an ace, extending his lead to 4-1. He faced another break point in his next service game but came through with a couple of big serves and a forehand winner before serving out a two-set-to-love lead, going 6-4 6-3 up on the first-time quarter-finalist. The third set started off more neck-and-neck, with no break points until the former world No 13 was serving at 2-3. Kyrgios complained to his box as he gifted Garin a third break point with another error before hitting back-to-back aces to survive for 3-3. Both men continued to hold to force a third-set tiebreak, where it was the Aussie who took an early mini-break lead before gifting it back with a double fault. The pair continued to trade mini-breaks, with Kyrgios holding to lead 6-5 in the breaker, giving him match point. The Court 1 fans were defeaning as they cheered both men on and in dramatic scenes, Kyrgios' shot on match point was called out before being corrected by the umpire. The point was replayed and Kyrgios collapsed to the ground in celebration as Garin hit a ball wide to give the Aussie his first Grand Slam semi-final. DON'T MISSNadal injury 'very difficult to handle' as Fritz struggles in tieNadal in injury scare as Wimbledon star's dad tells him to quitHalep and Rybakina complete Wimbledon women's semi-final lineup  Kyrgios will now face either Rafael Nadal or Taylor Fritz for a place in his maiden Grand Slam final. The Aussie has a history with Nadal at the All England Club, defeating him in the fourth round all the way back in 2014 when he was a teenage wildcard ranked outside of the world’s top 120 while the Spaniard was the world No 1. They then met again in the second round back in 2019, in which Nadal won in four sets. After his previous match this week, Kyrgios admitted he had to be “pulled from the pub at 4am” to go and play the match while in a dark period of his career. Or it could be a first meeting with the American, who is playing in his first Grand Slam quarter-final over on Centre Court and leading by two-sets-to-one over an injured Nadal, who has already had an off-court medical time out.