On Friday, Rebekah Vardy lost her High Court libel case against Coleen Rooney, in the trial dubbed ‘Wagatha Christie'. The high-profile case has been widely reported and during Saturday's BBC Breakfast, Naga Munchetty and Roger Johnson discussed the outcome of the case. However, viewers hit back with fury after they expressed they didn’t care about the case.   Naga and Roger welcomed comedian Abi Clarke, who hosts a Wagatha Christie podcast and media lawyer Antonia Foster to chat about it. Following the final judgment of the case, Foster suggested both parties “particularly Rebekah Vardy” would be “going away to lick their wounds.” As for Abi, she claimed: “It shouldn’t have gone to court, it was something she should’ve let die and move on.” However, despite gaining an insight into the future of the case, the segment sparked fury with viewers who weren’t interested. READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow expert blown away by ‘rare’ World War II tool   Viewers took to social media to express their disappointment in the morning show discussing the libel case. A sarcastic @CostaSmeralda2 wrote: “Rebekah Vardy … sues Coleen Rooney ?? Really !? Who? What? When did this happen?! Who knew!” (sic) An angered @Intheboathouse1 hit back: “Good to see [BBC Breakfast] is still talking about [Rebekah Vardy] and [Coleen Rooney] in the middle of a climate crisis, a political crisis, a Brexit crisis, further energy price rises, a war in Ukraine and the cost of living emergency.” A third viewer @BCollier2012 added: “[BBC Breakfast] Who cares?”   @C00k13Pu55 tweeted: “The fact that a comedian is the go to correspondent for the Wagatha thingy speaks volumes.” As @sukihothi stated: “As soon as presenter opened his mouth and mentioned Vardy.. switch over, does anyone give a figleaf about this Vardy/Rooney nonsense?” The high-profile case first hit social media when Coleen Rooney revealed she had spent five months investigating the source of the tabloid story. Coleen, who is the wife of famed football player Wayne Rooney believed Rebekah Vardy had leaked information about her to the press. DON'T MISS...Antiques Roadshow expert in awe of gold ring found at car boot sale [INDIGHT]Naga Munchetty admits concern over Lionesses Euro final [INSIGHT]Daft to pile on the WAGony! says CAROLE MALONE [INSIGHT]  In February, Vardy made a tearful appearance on ITV’s Loose Women to deny the claims and in June she launched the libel case. The libel case had its first High Court hearing in November 2020 and it officially came to an end on July, 29, 2022. Mrs Justice Steyn provided her judgement and ruled the accusations was “substantially true.” She concluded the evidence Vardy provided was “Not credible.”   Mrs Justice Steyn added Vardy’s evidence was “manifestly inconsistent, evasive and implausible.” Speaking on the result Vardy stated: “It is not the result I had expected, nor believe was just, she got it wrong and this is something I cannot accept. As for Rooney, she revealed she was pleased the ruling had gone in her favour. She added: “It was not a case I ever sought or wanted.” 