Marsali (played by Lauren Lyle) had one of the toughest storylines in this season of Outlander as she struggled with the dark turn of her husband Fergus (César Domboy). Behind the scenes on the Starz drama, the actress revealed one of her hardest days on set occurred back when she had to swap outfits with her co-star, Caitriona Balfe. Scottish actress Lauren revealed she struggled to fit in one of Caitriona’s dresses for a crucial scene in season three. After learning Young Ian (John Bell) is headed to Jamaica, Claire (Balfe) and Jamie Fraser (Sam Heughan) set off in pursuit and discover Marsali is onboard. Once they’ve arrived, the Frasers attend a governor’s ball to confront Geillis Duncan (Lotte Verbeek), who’s holding Ian prisoner. However, Marsali had to improvise as she had no formal dresses of her own after stowing away with her future husband, Fraser. READ MORE: SEAL Team’s David Boreanaz pays tribute to coach of ’20+ years’ “The only story of getting in Caitriona’s clothes of mine was in season three, in South [America], for the governor's ball,” she recalled. “They wanted to throw back to… Marsali’s jumped on the boat, and has no clothes.” Marsali first joined the series alongside Fergus when they joined the Frasers aboard the Artemis, a trading ship which grants them passage to Jamaica. The couple quickly got married and eventually settled with Claire and Jamie on Fraser’s Ridge, but not before aiding their perilous journey through the Caribbean. Having stowed away on the Artemis with almost nothing to her name, Claire took Marsali under her wing to ensure she wouldn't look out of place at the ball. On Lauren’s podcast She’s A Rec, she explained: “So she would have taken all of Claire’s clothes. “They used her brown dress that has the turquoise lace when she gets poisoned in France. “She collapses and she’s in this gorgeous brown dress with turquoise-y stuff all over it.” DON'T MISS:Better Call Saul’s Lalo star exposes original death scene [SPOILERS]Jeremy Vine guests hit out at water ration as hosepipe ban looms [OPINION]The Flight Attendant season 3 release: HBO drops huge update [LATEST] Although the dress’s transition from Claire to Marsali seemed seamless within the world of the series, Lauren had a little more trouble when it came to fitting into the bespoke gown. “They gave me that dress, and me and Caitriona couldn’t be more different sizes,” she continued. “She’s like, 6’11” and I’m like 5’3”. She’s so tall and I’m not.” Lauren revealed the wardrobe fiasco was one of the only occasions she was left frustrated by Outlander preparation. “They had to put it all on me, and it’s the only time I ever like, flipped out at a costume,” she said. “I was like a total diva, like, ‘Just make the dress fit!’ And it was like 4am on a night shoot.” Thankfully, Marsali has been wearing her own dresses since arriving in North Carolina, so the actress hasn’t had to force herself into a costume made for a different size since. The cast are currently working on the seventh season of Outlander, so fans can expect more costumes, drama and romance from the Frasers soon. Outlander seasons 1-7 are available on Starz in the USA and StarzPlay in the UK.