 Dr Andrew Lownie has written many biographies and nonfiction books delving into historical figures and the royal family. He has been desperately fighting the Government for years to view royal letters and diaries from Lord Mountbatten, Prince Philip’s uncle.  The complete archive left by Lord Mountbatten and his wife is believed to be 30,000 pages. As part of his work Dr Lownie often uses freedom of information laws to access records, letters and more for research on his writing topics. He is currently working on a book on the Mountbattens, hence his requirement for the letters, and used freedom of information laws to stake his claim to access to the writings but was originally told the archives were sealed. The information commissioner, which promotes openness by public bodies, supported Dr Lownie in his request. The information commissioner ordered the release of the writings but the Cabinet Office, as well as Southampton University that currently owns the archive, appealed against his request due to national security as reported by Eastern Eye.  1648247  The Mountbatten family sold the writings to the university in 2010 for an estimated £2.8million, which mostly came from lottery funding. The legal battle lasted for three years, only for Dr Lownie to find that a vast majority of the secret writings were put on the internet without warning. Now, Dr Lownie believes the cost of trying to stop him is four times more than the money he has spent on trying to get access. Dr Lownie claims the Government has spent around £2million to stop him from seeing the writings. Dr Lownie says he himself had already spent £460,000 in legal fees trying to bring these pages to light and claims the archive could reveal a potential affair of Prince Philip.     While the writings are now mostly available to the public, the internet versions came with many redactions in letters between Lord Mountbatten and his wife Edwina. The pair had an open marriage and Edwina’s notorious lovers included Pandit Nehru, India’s first prime minister. The Government’s arguments for keeping the information secret revolve around maintaining civil relationships with India and fear that uncovering any revelations now may damage that. Dr Lownie has publicly doubted the Government’s reasoning for redacting what has been released of the papers.  He told The Mirror: “It is hard to believe” that private diary entries from almost a century ago would affect current relationships. Dr Lownie has noted that because Edwina’s relationship with Nehru was well-known, the only other potential secret hiding behind the redactions could be a “reference to a lover of Prince Philip”. An Information Rights Tribunal ruled that some extracts of the writings could remain redacted but that the vast majority had to be made public. Dr Lownie’s drive to get these papers have garnered him some support in Parliament, with ex-Labour Foreign Secretary Lord Owen backing him.  The Cabinet Office has reported that its costs in regards to the case will be published. They have also claimed that the redacted portions and unreleased materials “includes personal data relating to living individuals” which is why it cannot be released. Southampton University shared that “more than 99.8 percent” of the archive had been made available and can now be accessed by the public around the globe. The Mirror reported that the university’s bills “ran into five figures” but the rest of the costs were footed by the Cabinet Office. Dr Lownie has given up on his legal battle due to the incredible costs he has sustained according to Eastern Eye.