Carer’s Allowance is a benefit issued by the Department for Work and Pensions for people who care for someone at least 35 hours a week. As the cost of living crisis continues to soar, Britons are urged to claim all the benefits they are entitled to as it could be vital in paying for rising bills. People do not have to be related to, or live with, the person they care for. Those who decide to apply for Carer’s Allowance may also have access to other benefits. Britons may also be able to apply for: To be eligible for Carer’s Allowance, someone, the person they care for and the type of care they provide has to meet a certain criteria. READ MORE: TV Licence explained: Who is eligible for a refund worth up to £159? Britons cannot get Carer’s Allowance if they share the care of an individual with someone else. The type of care that constitutes as ‘caring for someone’ includes tasks such as helping with washing and cooking, taking the person being cared for to a doctor’s appointment or helping with household tasks, like managing bills and shopping. Applicants need to be 16 years or over, living in England, Scotland or Wales, earning less that £132 a week after tax, National Insurance and expenses. Someone’s earnings are any income from employment and self-employment after tax, National Insurance and expenses. READ MORE: Energy bills could soar to £500 in January alone! Stark warning amid new price cap fears Expenses can include: Claiming Carer’s Allowance can affect other benefits that one my be getting. People cannot get the full amount of both Carer’s Allowance and their state pension at the same time. If someone’s pension is £69.70 a week or more, they will not get a Carer’s Allowance payment. If their pension is less than £69.70 a week, they’ll get a Carer’s Allowance payment to make up the difference. To find out more information on what benefits may be affected, people can visit the Government website. People can a benefits calculator to work out how their other benefits will be affected. Britons can make a claim on the Gov.uk website, or they can call 0800 731 0297 for a form. Before someone applies they should make sure they have their: Britons are reminded to check what they are entitled to as any extra cash could be vital in times like this.