Kate Garraway has been hosting her own Saturday morning programme for a few months now, with the latest instalment being the 14th episode. Garraway's Good Stuff usually sees the Good Morning Britain host speak with a number of guests and help out the chef in the ITV studio kitchen. However, this week, she was taking a break from hosting the programme ahead of the heatwave gripping the UK. To start the most recent episode of the chat show, musician and soap star, Martin Kemp, joined chef and presenter Shivi Ramoutar to host the programme. Announcing why Kate was absent from proceedings, Shivi said: "Kate is taking some time off so I am stepping into [the role]. "I've got my mate Martin, here, Martin Kemp, amazing, and he is here to help me kickstart the weekend," she continued. Viewers might recognise Shiv as one of the guest chefs who is usually seen with Kate during the cooking segments of the programme. Martin has had his own chat show with his son, Roman Kemp, over the past couple of years so he is no novice when it comes to standing in the hosting role. READ MORE: GB News host shut down for joking over 'lethal weather' warnings However, despite the explanation, viewers still took to Twitter to voice their concern about Kate being missing from the show. Ian wrote on the social media platform: "Hope @kategarraway is OK." Grant added: "I notice @kategarraway is missing from #GarrawaysGoodStuff this weekend. I read in the week her husband Derek had been unwell and is back in the hospital once again. Sending best wishes to both them and the family!" Last week, the broadcaster explained her husband, Derek Draper, was back in hospital as he continues to recover from coronavirus. The former lobbyist suffered a huge toll on his body after contracting the illness and he spent over a year in hospital before returning home last year. Discussing her husband's return to the hospital, Kate said: "He’s been in the hospital a couple of months now. He’s been coming in and out. Hopefully, he’ll come out again. I’m crossing my fingers. "I’m really tired but I take it day by day to level out the ups and downs. "I try to embrace life, especially the kids [16-year-old Darcey and 12-year-old Billy] as we’ve had two and a half years of it. "Their lives have changed, and they need to do things," she continued to explain in an interview with The Sun last week. However, despite taking a break from the show this weekend, it is hoped the presenter will be back very soon to complete the programme's run. DON'T MISS...Kate Garraway's agony as Derek forced to miss family milestone [COMMENT]Kate Garraway puts medical supplies drama behind her at Thor premiere [PICTURES]Kate Garraway thanks fans after plea for help over Derek's medication [COMMENT] It was announced earlier this year the broadcaster was going to front her own chat show on the network after becoming popular with viewers on Good Morning Britain and I'm A Celebrity...Get Me Out Of Here! Speaking at the time, Head of ITV Entertainment, Katie Rawcliffe said: "I’m delighted we can bring this brilliant line-up of presenters to our weekend mornings starting this spring. “The shows will offer the perfect mix of entertainment, chat and food to get our viewers ready for their Saturday and Sundays ahead.” Discussing the new role with her co-stars on GMB, Kate added: "It's called 'Garraway's Good Stuff. You'll be relieved to know it's not just about me. It starts in April, at eight o'clock on a Saturday morning. "So many people have been so incredible to me and I've learnt a lot from them, so we've got some brilliant guests who will be great in their own right." Kate continued: "But everybody who comes on will say how they stay positive, how they stay happy, there will be ways to save money." It is thought there will be 22 episodes of the programme, so that means the show is currently halfway through its current run. Each episode lasts 55 minutes to an hour and features a whole variety of entertainment for viewers and fans of the beloved presenter. With Kate away from the latest episode, Shivi took to Twitter to announce the news on Friday evening ahead of the instalment airing. She wrote: "My mate ⁦@realmartinkemp and I are stepping in for Kate tomorrow on #GarrawaysGoodStuff - prepare to laugh out loud. 8.30 am @itv Saturday am - brilliant guests #donnaPreston #HelenGlover and a tasty peachy refreshing recipe for the heatwave!" Garraway's Good Stuff airs Saturdays at 8:30am on ITV.