One lane of the M4 eastbound is closed, between junction 43 and junction 42 at Earlswood. Road users have been advised to "pass with care". Traffic Wales South has advised road users to allow extra travel time as a result of congestion on the road. This comes ahead of a slow-moving fuel protest beginning at 8.45am today, which is expected to cause further delays. The M5, M32 and A38 in Bristol are also expected to be impacted. An image posted on the Facebook group Fuel Price Stand Against Tax suggests demonstrations will be held "nationwide", including in Birmingham, Cardiff, Liverpool, London and Manchester. Avon and Somerset Police has advised drivers to plan ahead and consider alternate routes. The first slow-moving protest will begin on the M5 at Bridgwater, with lorries going northbound to the Almondsbury Interchange before joining the M4 until it joins the M32 and heading all the way to junction one for Bristol city centre. The convoy of lorries is then expected to stop briefly before conducting the same route in the opposite direction. It is expected to arrive back in Bridgwater in the early afternoon. The second slow-moving protest will set off from Bridgwater at 8.45am but will head along the A38 to the Shell garage on Bristol Road in Gloucester. They are then expected to block the forecourt during the morning. Superintendent Tony Blatchford said: "Our protest liaison team has been engaging with the organiser so we can inform the public of the likely disruption and help to minimise it.   "Nevertheless, drivers can expect journey times will likely be longer than normal, especially on motorways, which often tend to be at their busiest at this time of year. "We advise motorists consider any alternative travel plans available and ensure they are suitably prepared in case they are delayed." This is the second time this week major motorways have been impacted by protests. Earlier this week, protesters from the campaign group Just Stop Oil blocked the M25 and tied themselves to overhead motorway signs, warning travellers of disruption for the rest of the week.  Three lanes of four were closed on Wednesday causing nine-mile queues and over an hour of disruption. Surrey Police said: "Officers are dealing with a protester on a gantry on the M25 just past junction 10 of the anti-clockwise carriageway this morning (20 July), and three lanes are currently closed. "We hope to have the area cleared as soon as possible and will keep you informed of further updates via our social media channels. In the meantime motorists should avoid the area." The protest group declared the M25 to be a site of civil resistance after temperatures in the capital surpassed 40C on Tuesday. In a statement, Just Stop Oil said: "This is, without doubt, the most important moment in UK history. "All time temperature records are being obliterated, thousands of people are expected to die from heatstroke and the liars and plotters who are vying to lead us are too busy fighting among themselves to even care. "The criminals that have our democracy by the throat are currently overseeing the destruction of everything that is needed for society and the state to function. "By continuing to allow and expand fossil fuel production they are sealing our fate. "Europe will see heat waves surpassing 50C in the near future and these will become more and more common."  The group added: "We are therefore declaring the M25 a site of civil resistance against our criminal government. "We ask that no one travels on this motorway from Wednesday to Friday this week as we will be blocking the highway. "We fully acknowledge the cost and disruption this will cause to the public and ask that they take their demands for compensation to the government which has caused this unprecedented threat to our lives and liberties." The group demanded the Government "immediately halt all future licensing and consents for the exploration, development and production of fossil fuels in the UK", describing it as a "necessary first step to ensuring a liveable future".