Declan Donnelly, 46, has just become a father for the second time, welcoming a boy with partner Ali Astall. The newborn's name marks both his close friendship with Ant and his love for his deceased father. The proud couple announced the arrival of baby Jack Anthony Alphonsus Donnelly yesterday, who will be a brother to their three-year-old daughter Isla. Jack's middle names are confirmed as Anthony and Alphonsus, as Dec honoured both his father and his co-star. On Sunday evening, Dec could barely contain his excitement as he took to Twitter to announce the news of the latest addition to his family. "Shortly before 10am yesterday, 23.7.2022, Ali and I welcomed the arrival of our son, Jack Anthony Alphonsus, a very welcome ray of light," he wrote. "He is wonderful and Isla is beyond excited to be a big sister! D x.” The news comes after Dec suffered a family tragedy after his older brother, Father Dermot Donnelly died earlier this month, who was a Diocese Catholic priest in Newcastle. The sad news comes soon after he celebrated his 30 year anniversary in the priesthood. “I am heartbroken to tell you that my darling brother Fr Dermott, sadly passed away this afternoon," Dec told the world at the time. "We are all beyond devastated. Thank you for your messages of sympathy and support, they are appreciated." He and Dermott had been raised in a loving family on an estate in Newcastle, along with two other brothers and three sisters. A spokesperson for Dec revealed that he "died peacefully this afternoon in hospital surrounded by his family and close friends". DON'T MISS... Angelina Jolie wins latest round of bitter court battle over winery [LATEST] Katie Piper on learning to see the beauty in her scars [INSIGHT] Victoria Beckham called out over 'feud' with daughter in law [DEBATE]  Dec's celebrity pals posted their well wishes after learning of the birth, with Love Island host Laura Whitmore exclaiming happily: "Delighted for you both! Congrats xx." Meanwhile, celebrity chef Jamie Oliver also penned a note to him, writing: "Congratulations to you all xxxxx." Dec's former co-star from SM:TV, Cat Deeley, also sent her wishes, telling him she was "sending love" after hearing the "wonderful news". Fans are also flooding Dec's social media page, telling of how his nostalgic tribute to both his father and his best friend has melted their hearts.    It is believed that he had been suffering a serious illness. Church communities from all over the North East flooded the internet to pay their respects to Dec's deeply religious brother. Dec's father, who had originally lived in Northern Ireland, but moved to England in the 1950s along with his mother Anne, died over a decade ago in 2011. However, the patriarch of the Donnelly family still holds a place in Dec's heart.