The Duchess of Sussex's wedding dress has more Google searches than any other royal bride in the world, a study from Wealth of Geeks revealed. Meghan Markle’s wedding dress pulls in a total of 51,000 Google searches a month. Wealth of Geeks calculated global monthly Google searches for wedding dresses to find what is "the world's favourite". The Duchess of Sussex wore a custom-made Givenchy dress by designer Claire Waight Keller for her wedding to Prince Harry in 2018. Meghan Markle's dress is more popular than Kate Middleton’s stunning gown and over six times more popular than Princess Beatrice’s. A spokesperson for Wealth of Geeks explained why: “Meghan Markle has been a fashion icon since she was catapulted onto the world stage when news broke of her romance with Prince Harry in 2016. READ MORE: Queen's dinner rule: Item she bans grandchildren from having at table  "The enduring popularity of her wedding dress, despite the wedding taking place almost four years ago, is a testament to the Duchess’ effortlessly elegant and timeless style. "Despite leaving her official role as a working royal, this study highlights her unwavering ability to keep the world's attention on her. "Not only through her actions but also through her iconic style.” Meghan Markle chose a very different second dress after the ceremony: a halter neck design by Stella McCartney.  TV and celebrity style expert Miranda Holder commented: "Once again, the Duchess of Sussex fulfilled her royal duties in a breathtaking, but formal Givenchy gown, and then changed into a slinkier number that was more contemporary, a little sexier and far more her. "She looks timeless and elegant. "I love this one," Miranda said. The Duchess of Cambridge has the world’s second favourite royal wedding dress of all time with 47,000 monthly global searches. READ MORE: Dieters should be drinking tea in hot weather to slim Princess Diana has the third most popular wedding dress and Princess Beatrice's unique dress follows with 8,200 Google searches a month. Princess Beatrice married Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi in an intimate ceremony in Windsor wearing a vintage dress encrusted with diamanté that she borrowed from the Queen. Queen Elizabeth has the fifth most popular royal wedding dress on the list despite the wedding to Prince Philip taking place 74 years ago. The gown, which was designed by Norman Hartnell, is valued at around £1.2million today. Meghan Markle Kate Middleton Princess Diana Princess Beatrice Queen Elizabeth II Princess Margaret Princess Eugenie Sarah Ferguson Princess Anne Camilla Parker Bowles