The prince will soon be on his summer break along with his sister Princess Charlotte and their younger brother Prince Louis. George and Charlotte's school, Thomas's Preparatory in Battersea, breaks up on July 8 while Louis' nursery, Willcocks, finishes for the summer two days before. It is believed the Cambridges will spend the summer at their rural retreat, Anmer Hall, the family's home near Sandringham in Norfolk. Prince William told Apple podcast Time to Walk in December that the Cambridges spend as much time at Anmer Hall as they can, adding: "It's very peaceful." The Georgian country house and its surroundings are also where the third in line to the throne carries out a surprising role. Earlier this year, Kate visited a goat farm in Wales where she revealed how George, 8, helps out on the estate.  It emerged after William asked farm owners Gary and Jess Yeomans about a robot silage sweeper stored in one of their barns. Mr Yeomans explained they used it to move feed which prompted Kate to say: "That was George's job at half term - moving feed." William has spoken about the couple's three children getting stuck in by helping with the farming around their country home. In 2020, he told schoolteacher Rhian Roberts, whose family runs a dairy farm, the Cambridge children helped to deliver lambs during time off school.  READ MORE ABOUT HOSPITALS FEARING THE WORST OVER COVID The Duke of Cambridge said: "We've been lambing with the children this week. "Charlotte wasn't sure at first, but George was straight in there. Louis loves the tractors." The summer getaway comes after the Cambridge youngsters made a number of public outings for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee, with Louis sending royal fans into a frenzy with his antics on the balcony of Buckingham Palace in one appearance. Royal correspondent Victoria Murphy, speaking on Mail Plus's latest Palace Confidential podcast, discussing the possibility of more appearances in the future.  DON'T MISS: Man dies in M4 police incident [REPORT] Cash-strapped couple feeding kids ready meals as cost of living hits [REVEALED] Meghan Markle moment that stunned Wimbledon fan: ‘It was bonkers’ [LATEST] Asked if the public will see more of the Cambridge children or if their major appearances during the Jubilee weekend were one offs, Ms Murphy said: "I think this was a real one-off. "I think the fact we saw so much of them really emphasised the fact this was a unique event, it was a unique historic moment."  The royal correspondent continued: "Generally, the Cambridges' policy with their kids is completely behind doors, off-limits. "They're keen for them to have a childhood where they can just not worry about the spotlight." She added: "I think that's absolutely going to continue to be the case." Meanwhile, the Cambridges are also preparing to move to Windsor this summer.  It means Louis will not attend Thomas's as George and Charlotte currently do. In February, it was reported William and Kate were particularly impressed by independent preparatory school Lambrook, near Ascot. It would therefore be no surprise if this is where all three children have been enrolled. The Cambridges will use their flat at Kensington Palace as their London base while Windsor is expected to become their permanent home. They will also carry on using Anmer Hall for weekends away, school holidays and Christmas. 