Jules Kounde has sensationally rejected Chelsea’s proposal and is ‘closer than ever’ to joining Barcelona from Sevilla, according to reports in Spain. The centre-back seemed all but set to complete a transfer to the Premier League after the Blues had a £55million bid accepted by Sevilla. The La Liga outfit had accepted Chelsea’s bid and given cash-strapped Barca an ultimatum that they must match the offer or remove themselves from the transfer chase. And it now appears that the Catalans have had their own proposal green-lighted. A deal is now incredibly ‘closed’, according to reports, and Kounde has turned down an offer from Chelsea. The 23-year-old’s preferred destination was always Barca but he was open to joining the West Londoners if the La Liga side failed to stump up the cash required to prise him away from Sevilla. Once La Blaugrana made an offer, Kounde was always likely to accept personal terms. The player will now remain in the Spanish top-flight rather than move to the Premier League. JUST IN: Sevilla respond to claims Barcelona have 'agreed deal' for Kounde Spanish football journalist Miquel Blazquez claims that Kounde is now ‘closer than ever’ to joining Barca after rejecting Chelsea. It is a major blow to Thomas Tuchel, who has been scrambling to sign new defenders following the departures of Andreas Christensen and Antonio Rudiger. Chelsea have already been turned down by a couple of targets and have only managed to acquire long-term target Kalidou Koulibaly from Napoli. Tuchel now faces a race against time to make sure he has sufficient quality in his squad to be able to deploy his preferred back-three formation. Tuchel targeted former Blues defender Nathan Ake and Dutch star Matthijs de Ligt. However, Ake decided to remain at Manchester City and De Ligt joined Bayern Munich from Juventus. DON'T MISS...Lampard furious touchline spat with Klopp ignited over 'arrogant' jibeChelsea transfer plans could be rocked as they fail to sell six starsChelsea's dream 25-man squad with six signings for Thomas Tuchel  The Chelsea head coach will now need to look elsewhere for reinforcements. His only senior centre-backs are Koulibaly, Trevoh Chalobah and 37-year-old Thiago Silva. Cesar Azpilicueta, who has been widely linked with a move to Barca, can also play in the position. Koulibaly and Raheem Sterling are Chelsea’s only arrivals so far this summer for a combined fee of around £80m. New chairman Todd Boehly has promised big-name additions after purchasing the club from sanctioned Russian oligarch Roman Abramovich. The Blues have been linked with a move for Paris Saint Germain defender Presnel Kimpembe and could incredibly hijack Manchester United’s move for Frenkie de Jong. The Red Devils have pursued De Jong all summer but the Dutchman does not appear to favour a transfer to Old Trafford.