Transforming a home is ideal for those wanting to put their own stamp on a property. However, according to experts, some additions may not be reflected in the property price if it ever went on the market. ScS has partnered with webuyanyhouse.co.uk to share what to “avoid” when wanting to add value to a home. The experts explained that many features are deemed off-putting towards buyers, including freestanding baths. They explained: “Freestanding baths look great in social media posts, but they often come with a lot of practical issues that make them unattractive to buyers.” This is because they are higher maintenance than other baths. Homeowners may need extra room under their floor for additional pipes and plumbing work. The experts added: “If these pipes leak, they can be expensive to access and can create bad smells.” READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans share 29p hack to remove limescale from shower hoses While interior paint is down to personal choice, some colours are better suited for when the home goes on the market. According to the experts, it is best to avoid brightly-coloured feature walls. This includes using frog tape to create shapes on the walls, which has become increasingly popular in recent years. The expert said: “Such creativity isn’t always appreciated by buyers. DON'T MISS:How dishwasher ‘packing technique’ could save you money on bills [COMMENT]‘Cheap’ but ‘effective’ methods to keep slugs away from plants [EXPERT]Kate Middleton’s homes before and after becoming Duchess [PICTURES] “Over-expressive decorating, like accent corners, scalloped edges, painted arches, or frog tape walls, are all very much to individual taste. “It can make it harder to achieve a sale. “You’re far better off sticking to neutral colours.” Neutral colours are best in living rooms and bathrooms. READ MORE: ‘Incompatible’ crops which ‘don’t mix well’ in the garden Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Britons should also avoid gold hardware if they think it will add value to their homes. Although these features can add a “touch of elegance” around the home, they can tarnish very quickly. The experts said: “It can also be difficult to match it with other features in your homes especially once the gold colour has faded.” Log burners can make a home feel cosy and welcoming during the winter months. However, a lot of buyers tend to avoid them because they require a lot of fuel. This makes them expensive to run as well as needing somewhere to store the wood. The experts added: “This takes up extra space. “There’s also the risk of smoke damage and marking decorated walls, which buyers won’t want to inherit.”