Tour de France 2022 gets underway today as fans await the world's most prestigious cycling race. Briton and four time winner Chris Froome has said this week that he still dreams of winning the Tour again. The Israel-Premier Tech rider said: “I’ve come back from an horrendous crash over the last three years, and that wasn’t the way I wanted to end my career." He was referring to a career-altering crash at the 2019 Critérium du Dauphiné. Froome added: "This team has given me an opportunity to get back to the pointy end of the sport, which, after the injuries I had, is the driving force for me, the biggest goal that gets me out of bed and onto the bike every day. "It’s not winning the Tour de France right now, but I still dream about it, so I’m going to keep chasing that dream.” The British rider, who was born in Kenya, also had a long and famous feud with fellow cycling legend Sir Bradley Wiggins. The compatriots were teammates at Team Sky when the fallout began in 2012. Froome had just played a crucial supporting role in helping Wiggins to the Tour de France victory. But a flashpoint occurred during the now infamous stage 17 to Peyragudes when Froome rode away in the final 5km of the stage before being called back by his superiors. Years later, in October 2019, Froome spoke to F1 legend Nico Rosberg about the feud on his Beyond Victory podcast, admitting that he had struggled to trust Wiggins at the time. He said: “There were definitely a couple of moments where I thought ‘right I’m going to go for it now.’ “But the team orders and the guys calling the shots in the car were straight onto me and called me back. “The difficult part for me was trusting him as the leader, given that in the last big race, the Vuelta a España, I’d gone there to support him and he fell apart in the last few days. “The team turned to me and said ‘right now you have to try and win it’. “Going into the Tour de France I had this in my mind. I was thinking ‘I’m doing a job for this guy, but if he falls apart in the last few days I need to be in the position to take over again.’” READ MORE: Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd plan De Jong unveiling, Tottenham medical In 2013, Wiggins stated his determination to go on and defend his Tour de France title. Yet Froome went on to clinch the win, much to the dismay of Wiggins. Froome lived in both South Africa and Monaco at the time, but when Wiggins was asked if he would move abroad, he said: "There were a few times we considered it. Where do you go, though? "I like living here. I wouldn't go to Monaco or anywhere like that. It's a s*** hole. I couldn't think of a worse place to live." Last year, Wiggins spoke about the fallout, and said he regretted how it unfolded. DON'T MISSBoris Johnson says women cannot be born with a penis [INSIGHT]Kyrgios continues bitter Wimbledon tirade - 'stupidest thing ever' [ANALYSIS]Transfer news: Man Utd reject Maguire swap, Arsenal Raphinha meet [INSIGHT] He added that everyone has "made peace" with each other. Wiggins continued: “It’s just been really nice to make peace with all those people since then. “Me and Froome met up for the first time actually at the Tour this year, at a nightclub towards the end. “We hugged it out. I speak to him a lot now, and it’s really liberating to go back and behave like you should have been behaving, really.”