The Duke of Cambridge showed his support to the female England team, known as the Lionesses, this morning, hours before the kick off of the Women's EURO 2020. Prince William, who is the President of the Football Association (FA), shared his best wishes on the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's official Twitter account. He wrote: "Good luck to the @Lionesses as the Women’s Euro 2022 kicks off today. "You’re already doing the nation proud and we’ll be cheering you on throughout the tournament!" To stress he penned the statement, the tweet was signed off with the Duke's initial, W. Royal fans were quick to join William in his hopeful message, with @WendyMea replying: "Good luck all. Do your best." @Cherylsmilesx wrote: "Good luck ladies. You got this." And @loveforcambridg added: "Lovely message. Good luck to the Lionesses." Prince William has been the President of the FA since 2006, taking over the role from his uncle Prince Andrew. As his new role was announced in September 2005, the Duke opened up about his passion for the sport. READ MORE: Meghan Markle moment that stunned Wimbledon fan: ‘It was bonkers’ He said: "I am really excited to be taking up this role. Football is a game I love playing and watching. "It is also the national sport and generates extraordinary passions among millions of people." During the Men's EURO 2020 tournament last July, Prince William headed to Wembley Stadium to watch multiple matches and cheer on the team. On two occasions, he was joined by Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, and Prince George, his eldest son. Over the years, Prince William has often spoken about his relationship with football. In 2015, he revealed to Gary Lineker why he became a firm Aston Villa supporter. He said: "A long time ago at school I got into football big time. I was looking around for clubs. "All my friends at school were either Man United fans or Chelsea fans and I didn’t want to follow the run of the mill teams  "I wanted to have a team that was more mid-table that could give me more emotional rollercoaster moments. "Aston Villa’s always had a great history. I have got friends of mine who support Aston Villa and one of the first FA Cup games I went to was Bolton v Aston Villa back in 2000. Sadly, Villa went on to lose to Chelsea. "It was fantastic, I sat with all the fans with my red beanie on, and I was sat with all the Brummie fans and had a great time. "It was the atmosphere, the camaraderie and I really felt that there was something I could connect with." The Duke appears to have passed on his love for Villa to Prince George. Father and sons were spotted with Kate and Princess Charlotte at Carrow Road in October 2019 watching a Norfolk v Villa match, won swiftly by William's favoured team. And the young prince could not hold his excitement every time Villa players scored. The third-in-line to the throne is also known to play football in a local team.