Wimbledon finalist Nick Kyrgios has earned a staggering £8.2million during his career and has a net worth estimated to be around £10m. The Australian will play in his first-ever Grand Slam final on Sunday hoping to win an additional prize pot of £2m. The 27-year-old is lucky he has earned the amount he has given the sheer number of fines he has received for his on-court behaviour. He is approaching an eye-watering £700,000 in career sanctions after gaining a reputation for swearing and arguing with umpires. The world No 40 is enjoying his most successful spell in any major ever, reaching a final for the first time after Rafael Nadal pulled out of their semi-final with an abdominal injury. In typical Kyrgios fashion his run to the final has been riddled with controversy. His match against Stefanos Tsitsipas will be remembered as one of the most ill-tempered in the history of the sport with the players receiving court violations and both perhaps fortunate to avoid being defaulted. The ATP official website suggests that the Aussie has won over £8m throughout his career. However, this vast sum pales into insignificance when compared to some of the sport’s top stars. Novak Djokovic has won the most out of anyone on the tour collating a colossal £130m. Legends Roger Federer and Nadal have both accumulated £108m while Andy Murray is unsurprisingly the richest British player earning £52m. DON'T MISS: Wimbledon fans split over Sue Barker replacement as BBC host to step down Kyrgios has the chance to claim the highest cash prize of his career later today. However, the star spoke of his disappointment at the way he entered the final given the injury problems suffered by the 22-time major winner Nadal. He had initially beaten unseeded Chilean Cristian Garin in the quarter-finals to set up the final four clash. “My first feeling was a bit disappointed,” the 27-year-old said. "As a competitor, I really did want that match, as soon as I beat Garin I knew Rafa was a high possibility.” READ MORE Nick Kyrgios' money-spinning career total fines after massive Wimbledon punishment Nick Kyrgios slapped with biggest Wimbledon fine along with 13 others Wimbledon stars were forced to play braless as rule comes under heightened scrutiny Kyrgios had previously played the Spaniard twice at the all England club, beating the two-time winner as a 19-year-old qualifier in 2014 before being beaten in four sets during a 2019 rematch. The Ozzie said he wished they were able to play for a third time. "I really did want to see how the third chapter was going to go. I just hope he recovers.” Kyrgios will look to add to his career earnings when the Wimbledon final gets underway at 2pm today.