Paramount Network’s highly acclaimed western drama Yellowstone is set to make its anticipated comeback to screens in September with season five after a shocking finale. The show sparked a major frenzy after releasing a behind-the-scenes peek of the set.  The instalment is expected to follow the Dutton family as they navigate through the upcoming election which John (Kevin Costner) had entered to become Governor. They will also be fighting off land developers and casino moguls who threaten to take land from the Montana Ranch to build on. As the largest Ranch in the United States, it was in high demand, however, the Duttons have always refused as it had been in their family for seven generations. Season five is also expected to see things kick off between Beth Dutton (Kelly Reilly) and Jamie Dutton (Wes Bentley) in sibling rivalry. READ MORE: America’s Got Talent: Simon Cowell in tears watching Nightbirde The pair’s feud took a dark turn towards the end of season four after Beth snapped a photo of Jamie disposing of a dead body. To make matters worse, the body was of his biological father Garrett Randall (Will Patton) who Jamie was forced to kill. After Garrett unsuccessfully attempted to kill Beth, John and Kayce Dutton (Luke Grimes) Jamie was forced to prove his loyalty and murder his father who he was just getting to know. Bentley was the only star who featured the 10-second clip.  The video gave fans a quick glimpse into the season five set as it featured a clapperboard and cameraman shooting the scene. Bentley, who was in costume, stated: “Welcome to Yellowstone season five,” as the clip showed horses being ridden and a helicopter over the land. As the cast and showrunners have remained tight-lipped about the upcoming instalment, the short video caused a huge frenzy among fans. In the comments, fans shared their excitement about season five and expressed their anticipation for its release. DON'T MISS...Why Didn’t They Ask Evans showrunner on ‘exquisite’ lead actress [INSIGHT]Yellowstone’s Kelly Reilly teases Jamie Dutton storyline in season 5 [INSIGHT]Yellowstone season 5 theory: Beth Dutton jailed for murder [THEORY] @BookVixen5 stated: “Now that’s what I like to hear!! Very excited for the new season.” An eager @Aereira_ wrote: “Fast forward to November already, need more of Jimmy.” An expectant @CodySlam added: “Hope to see a trailer soon.” @morris_atc tweeted: “Literally my favourite show!!! Ready for the next season.”  An excited: @KyleKlausen added: “Yessssss the helicopter is back!!!” While @Smknjo7 rejoiced: “Greatest bday present I could receive! Can’t wait to watch this birthday weekend.” Ahead of its release Beth Dutton star Kelly Reilly revealed: "Jamie is back in the fold because he is owned a bit by Beth, so he has to do what he’s told.” She told Gold Derby: “He’s a fabulous, brilliant lawyer so there’s a lot of benefits of having him back fighting on our side."   