Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel admits he will now consider players' vaccination status when scouring the transfer market. Chelsea are currently without N'Golo Kante and Ruben Loftus-Cheek on their pre-season tour to the USA. Kante and Loftus-Cheek are both unvaccinated against COVID-19. That means they were unable to travel to the States and are instead training with, and playing for, the club's under-23 side back in the UK. Tuchel says he would still sign some players who are not vaccinated. He said: "I knew some players who I would also take without vaccination. I have to say." But he admits it is something that must be considered. "Yes, it has to," said the German. Kante and Loftus-Cheek both featured in an under-23s match at Boreham Wood on Saturday. Tuchel admits it is not ideal to have left the duo behind but says the club cannot force players to take the vaccine. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd medical, Arsenal prepare £42m bid, Tottenham deal  He added: “He is preparing himself with Ruben. We cannot force them [to take the vaccine]. It is at the moment a very normal decision to get vaccinated. “Both players took the decision not to. We need to follow the rules. They cannot join us. They know about the consequences. We don’t like it. Of course not. “We would love to have them here and it's not an ideal solution. Far from it. But, once the situation is like this you need to come up with a solution. “So they have their coaches there. They train with the Under-23s. Then they go with the Under-19s to not be completely not in a group. But it will not compensate. It will not be the same.” DON'T MISSChelsea told to sign 'brilliant' Timo Werner replacement who is 'superb' upgradeTottenham star Richarlison aims 'punch' at Sevilla player during feisty friendlyMan Utd board have signed another 'Zlatan Ibrahimovic' for Erik ten Hag  Kante struggled with injury problems last season and Tuchel reckons he could benefit from being on his own individual programme away from the first-team squad for the time being. He said of the Frenchman: “For N’Golo it is maybe not even the worst thing to do. “We can give him a very individual load. I don’t think he needs a long time to adapt to our game because N’Golo is N'Golo and everybody is aware that he is a key player.” Kante and fellow midfielder Jorginho are out of contract at the end of next season. And Tuchel doesn't want a repeat of the situation which saw Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen leave for nothing this summer. Tuchel said: “Everybody is aware of the situation. Not only with N'Golo but also Jorginho. "We knew about the situation with Andreas and Toni and we don’t want this. So we are on it to solve it in the best interests of the club.” 