 Prince George made his Wimbledon debut on Sunday to see the Men’s Singles Final alongside parents Kate, Duchess of Cambridge and Prince William. The eight-year-old Prince was spotted smiling as he watched Novak Djokovic and Nick Kyrgios battle it out on the Centre Court. And for long-time royal watchers, it brought back memories of the moment that Diana, Princess of Wales brought her eldest son to watch the famed tennis tournament.     Back in 1991, William attended Wimbledon for the first time with his mother and just like George, they watched the action unfold from the front row of the exclusive enclosure. Both princes were around the same age for their big debuts — William had just turned nine years old, while George will celebrate his ninth birthday next week, on July 22. And William and George both followed the same dress code by wearing suits and ties. My London royal correspondent Rebecca Russell also pointed out on Twitter that heartwarming moments between George and Kate were reminiscent of Diana and William all those years ago. Kate and George arrived at the SW19 courts together after William, and the Duchess was spotted guiding her son into the club and introducing him to the organisers. READ MORE: Prince Andrew ‘does not deserve any benefits’ of being a working royal The pair were also photographed analysing the game at hand, with both Kate and William suspectedly explaining play to the young royal. George watched Djokovic and Kyrgios face-off intensely until the defending champion came out victorious with a  4-6, 6-3, 6-4, 7-6 (3) win. Following the match, the young prince was able to hold the champions’ trophy, urging William to joke: “Don’t drop it!” While George appeared to be chuffed to be holding the coveted trophy, he also looked slightly concerned due to its weight. But the Duchess soon cottoned on and could be seen keeping a watchful eye over her son.  At one point, George appeared to have turned to Kate and said, "It's a bit heavy!" before she quickly took the trophy off of the youngster. ITV’S royal correspondent Rebecca English tweeted: "Really adorable. Prince George’s little double thumbs up, Kate quickly stopping the top of the @Wimbledon trophy from falling off and then his little face - so polite but clearly thinking ‘this is really heavy and I’m terrified I’m going to drop it!’". A royal fan added: “For me today is all about Prince George Alexander of Cambridge I love that [his] Parents are easing him into his role, And teaching him to respect the dress code. For the ones complaining about suits, he is the future King of England, not your regular boy. So moving on!" There had been some backlash over the young prince wearing a suit during the match, with temperatures at Wimbledon on Sunday reaching 29 degrees. In a few pictures, Prince George appears to show signs he is too hot in his suit, while another shows Kate mopping sweat off his brow.  According to one report, George was spotted turning to his father and telling him that he was "too hot". Meanwhile, royal correspondent Robert tweeted: "I know there is a strict dress code in the Royal Box at Wimbledon & his mum & dad are very respectful of such things, but did Prince George really have to wear a suit and tie in that heat? Surely a smart polo shirt and chinos would have been fine, he’s only 8!" However, according to the Wimbledon Royal Box dress code, protocol is "smart, suit/jackets and tie", which possibly explains why George was suited and booted for the day. Moreover, Kate is Royal Patron of the All England Lawn Tennis and Croquet Club, which could add to the importance of the family dressing accordingly for a day at Wimbledon. The eldest of the Cambridge children has been accompanying his parents on more and more outings in recent years.  Both he and his sister Princess Charlotte joined their mum and dad on a trip to Wales last month in celebration of the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. Last summer, George joined Kate and William for the Euro 2020, watching as England fought their way to the finals before falling short to Italy. And in February, he attended his first-ever live rugby match at the Six Nations to watch the England vs. Wales game. The royal outing marked Kate's first match since becoming patron of the Rugby Football Union earlier that month, while William has been patron of the Welsh Rugby Union since 2016. 