The five remaining Tory leadership candidates were asked whether they would be open to offering the incumbent Prime Minister a spot in their Government. Rishi Sunak, Liz Truss, Kemi Badenoch, Tom Tugendhat, and Penny Mordaunt all refused to put their hands up in a show of hands. Julie Etchingham repeatedly asked the candidates if Boris Johnson would still have the opportunity to serve in Cabinet. After several seconds of silence, Ms Etchingham noted: "Not a single one." Mr Tugendhat told the ITV Tory leadership debate: "It's quite clear that what we have been through in the last few years is a crisis of confidence in our government. "Our government has been collapsing trust as though it was a concertina and what we need now is a clean start." Asked what would make him a better prime minister than Boris Johnson, Mr Tugendhat said his military service showed he was "willing to stand up not just to our enemies, but to our friends" and call out where changes were needed. Penny Mordaunt said a "good team" would make her a better prime minister than Boris Johnson. JUST IN: Tory leadership LIVE: Rishi fuming as Truss goes straight for him 'Taxes will choke us!' She told the ITV debate: "My whole campaign has been built around building a team. "My now legendary campaign video did not feature me at all, it was all about my colleagues and it was all about the country. "I think our leadership model that we've had in politics is completely broken. It doesn't deliver for people and we need a new approach. "I recognise that and I would look to build a team of all the talents in our party." READ MORE: 'High stakes!' A fake Brexiteer Tory leader WILL lose next election, warns GWYTHIAN PRINS The Tory leadership candidates also set out why they believed they should become prime minister as the ITV debate began. Former chancellor Rishi Sunak told viewers: "I'm standing to be your next prime minister because Britain's potential is limitless and I'm the best person to lead us into the future." Liz Truss said: "I want to unleash Britain's potential. I've shown I can deliver as Foreign Secretary, I'm now ready to lead as your prime minister." DON'T MISS: Next Prime Minister must forge a nimble new nation [EXPRESS COMMENT]Tory Leadership: Rishi storms ahead as Brexiteer pushed out [POLL]Terrifying moment ITV News crew flees Russian shelling attack [VIDEO] Former minister Kemi Badenoch said: "I'm the candidate who will tell you the truth. I'm running because things need to change and I will make our country better." Mr Tugendhat said: "We know that things have been difficult and we need a clean start, we are facing problems abroad and at home. It's time for a change, I'm ready to serve, I'm ready to lead." And Trade Minister Penny Mordaunt said: "My life has been about service".