Former Conservative Prime Minister John Major has publically argued that Boris Johnson should leave office now as a contest rages within the Tory party over who will be replacing him full-time. Mr Major, who served from 1990 to 1997, has provoked a stern telling-off from Edwina Currie over calls for Mr Johnson to be removed right away. Ms Currie told GB News: "My old mate Major turning into a bit of a prat really isn't he? "What a daft thing to say, what an undemocratic thing to say who does he think works for all the members of parliament who get elected and all the councillors who get elected? "You know we do, we're the ones that put the levers through the doors, go and knock and talk to everybody and do the Facebook pages and raise the money and all that kind of thing. "You know, Sir John, Knight of the Garter, has clearly forgotten what democracy is all about." JUST IN: 'YOU made our lives harder f*** you!' Remoaner Femi explodes at Brexiteers in BBC QT fury  She added: "Of course, we're going to have a vote, and we will have our say in due course, the quicker the better, in my view. "What I would very much like the 1922 Committee to do is make sure that they have whittled down this enormous number of candidates by the time Parliament goes into recess, which is the 21st of July, so they haven't got long." It comes after Mr Mayor penned a letter to 1922 Committee chairman Sir Graham Brady, saying: “The proposal for the prime minister to remain in office – for up to three months – having lost the support of his Cabinet, his Government and his parliamentary party is unwise, and may be unsustainable. “In such a circumstance the prime minister maintains the power of patronage and, of even greater concern, the power to make decisions which will affect the lives of those within all four nations of the United Kingdom and further afield.  “Some will argue that his new Cabinet will restrain him. I merely note that his previous Cabinet did not – or could not – do so.” As many as a dozen candidates were on Friday eyeing up replacing Mr Johnson as prime minister after he was forced to quit by his own party, with opponents saying they want him out of Downing Street immediately. Johnson said on Thursday that he would step down as Conservative Party leader and British premier following resignations by more than 50 government ministers, and many of his lawmakers telling him they wanted him gone. The jostling to choose his successor - a process that could take weeks or even months - is underway with senior figures and some lesser-known members of parliament expected to throw their hat in the ring. Don't miss:Keir Starmer and Angela Rayner cleared of Beergate [REVEAL]How does the Tory leadership contest work? Schedule in full [EXPLAINED]John Curtice pinpoints substantial challenge ahead of Tory leader vote [INSIGHT] In the meantime, Johnson, brought down by a series of scandals and a loss of trust in his integrity, remains in the job, a situation that opponents, and many in his own party, say is untenable. I think Conservative MPs have got to get rid of him today," Ed Davey, leader of the Liberal Democrats told BBC TV. "It's just ludicrous that he's the caretaker prime minister. He's never cared and looked after anything in his life." The main opposition Labour Party has also called for Johnson to go straightaway, promising to hold a confidence vote in parliament if he is not ousted immediately. Johnson pledged not to make any big changes of direction that would tie the hands of his successor.