If you've successfully completed the daily Wordle puzzle for July 15, then you might want to head over to the Quordle website for a real challenge. Like an extreme version of Wordle, Quordle tasks players with figuring out four words instead of just one. If you're struggling with any of the words featured in Quordle 172, simply head to the bottom of the page for a selection of spoiler-free hints for July 15. Good luck, you're going to need it! The perfect game for when you have ten minutes to spare, the aim of Quordle is to figure out four different words using the process of elimination. Much like Wordle, you'll need to pay close attention to the colour of the tiles after each guess. When a tile turns green, the letter is in the word and in the correct position. If the tiles turn grey, then the letter doesn't appear in the word you are guessing, while a yellow tile means the letter appears in the word, just not in that exact spot. The twist with Quordle is that when you guess a word it will appear in all four answer boxes. You can solve them in any order, so keep an eye on everything, because you may be able to knock out the third word before you've guessed the first one. One strategy is to get as many vowels in your opening guess as possible. Try words like ADIEU or AUDIO in your first attempt, as these letters will appear in more words. If you're not able to solve the first Quordle word in your second guess, then choose a word with five completely different letters in order to maximise your chances of solving each puzzle. Be sure to check back with Express Online each day for all the latest Wordle and Quordle clues. Quordle hints for word 1... 1. The first word starts with the letter N. 2. The first word contains one vowel. 3. Synthetic plastic material. Quordle hints for word 2... 1. The second word starts with the letter S. 2. The second word contains one vowel. 3. Something you'd put books on. Quordle hints for word 3... 1. The third word starts with the letter V. 2. The third word contains two vowels. 3. When a video or social media post gets shared by lots of people. Quordle hints for word 4... 1. The fourth word starts with the letter B. 2. The fourth word contains two vowels. 3. Move over and make some room.