McDonald’s kicked off the summer with the Italian menu featuring a lasagne-inspired burger, and crispy chicken burger with a mozzarella, tomatoes, onions and lettuce combo, completed with a pesto sauce. The iconic mozzarella dippers made a brief comeback too, and family and friends could enjoy them together in a sharebox. But nothing would say Italian more than a tiramisu McFlurry, which went down a storm with customers. Now, for the next few weeks, the fast-food chain is offer a tast of Spain. McDonald’s delivered their new Spanish menu items to me to try at home. In the order was The Spicy Spanish Stack,The Chicken Fiesta, Halloumi Fries and Spanish Fruit Punch. Here’s what I thought of McDonald’s Spanish menu items. READ MORE: I tried Paul McCartney's 'Glastonburger' and you should too The new burger features not one, but two 100 percent beef patties sat between a warm paprika flavoured bun. Regular cheese slices have been swapped for chill cheddar, and a spicy tomato sauce has been drizzled inside. To garnish the burger, a few red onion slices and lettuce made up the rest of the layers. Disappointingly, there’s nothing ‘Spicy’ about the Spicy Spanish Stack; there was no warmth from the sauce, and I couldn’t taste the chillis in the cheese. It’s basically just a rich tomato sauce, burgers and lettuce between a bun. Total score: 2/5 The Spanish Stack - £5.39 DON'T MISS...How to clean a radiator: 4 steps to removing dust and dirt inside [VIDEO]British couple buy French village for £12k [PICTURES]Five ‘healthy’ foods you should avoid if you want to lose weight [EXPERT] The design of the toasted chilli and paprika topped bun was instantly striking, and I was keen to find out how the crispy chicken fillet tasted between the bread. Again, slices of chilli cheddar sat inside with a spicy tomato sauce, red onions and lettuce. Compared to the beef burger, there was a warm spice level to The Chicken Fiesta, but that might have been because of the sneaky chorizo slices layered inside. While it was nicer than the Spicy Spanish Stack, I can’t say it was better than some of McDonald’s previous creations. Total score: 3/5 The Chicken Fiesta - £5.39 READ MORE: Flight attendant shares food passengers 'should avoid' on plane Everyone’s prayers have been answered when they spot halloumi fries on a menu. With four halloumi sticks in a bag, they were deliciously crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. Unlike most halloumi, there wasn’t the squeaky texture or saltiness you’d expect. Nevertheless, the salsa dip levels them up. If four pieces aren’t enough, you can order 12 pieces to share, or eat on your own! While they’re a nice change, are they better than the iconic mozzarella dippers? I don’t think so. Total score: 4/5 Halloumi Fries - £2.49 single or £6.49 sharebox With the warm weather continuing, a blend of citrus and red fruits served over ice sounds ideal. In fact, the Spanish Fruit Punch tastes just like Oasis - which you can also get from McDonald’s for cheaper and over ice. Total score: 3/5 Spanish Fruit Punch - £2.29 medium, £2.61 large