The actress appeared in the latest episode of Channel 4’s Sunday Brunch where she spoke to hosts Miquita Oliver and Tim Lovejoy about getting her OBE. Despite rehearsing before meeting the royal the 53-year-old was left red-faced after an awkward blunder. Presenter Miquita said it was “wonderful” news that Nina had been given an OBE before the crew could be heard giving her a round of applause. She said: “That must’ve meant a lot?” The actress admitted it did mean a lot to her before revealing that when she first got the phone call she didn’t believe it. Nina explained: “I thought it was a prank when the phone call came in! I was a bit shocked that it was a real thing.”   She said it was a really special thing to happen to her as she got to receive her medal with her husband back in February. The former EastEnders actress then touched on the ceremony before revealing that she messed up when she met Princess Anne. Nina said: “It’s just a bit surreal because they tell you you have to rehearse receiving it first so you don’t mess it up when royalty is there. “I was laughing because I was like, ‘Why are we rehearsing this?’   The actress shared that the person teaching them the protocol on what they had to do when collecting their medal said Nina would be the person who forgot something. She continued: “I did! “I forgot the second courtesy and tripped over my own foot!” Trying to make Nina feel better about the situation, host Tim said he’s sure Princess Anne wouldn’t have cared.  Nina was given an OBE for her services to entertainment and involvement in a range of charities, including Save the Children and Diabetes UK. Also getting her medal alongside Nina was Loose Woman star Katie Piper who was being awarded for her charitable work as well as her services for victims of burns and other disfigurements. Elsewhere in the interview, the actress spoke about another hilarious mishap that happened when she was recently filmmaking in Edinburgh for the CBBC show Danny and Mick Tim asked if they were shooting during the heatwave that the UK recently saw which she revealed they were.  She said: “I was in the absolute extreme heat, it was 30 something degrees and melting! “I was in a woollen suit because that’s when we filmed the last series. At one point I said to the team, ‘I need a minute’. “Because my hair is a bit longer, they gave me those fans here (by her collarbone) and my hair got caught in the fan, so I’m stuck halfway between being really hot and my hair in the fan thinking, ‘Oh I’m going to blow!’" Sunday Brunch is available to watch on Channel 4 