A recent Instagram post from Anthony Joshua reveals that the Brit is in sensational shape ahead of his rematch with Oleksandr Usyk. The workout video posted to social media, shows a ripped 'AJ' looking faster than ever as he lets his hands go. Joshua rematches Usyk on August 20 at the Jeddah Superdome in Saudi Arabia for the WBA ‘super’, WBC, and IBF heavyweight titles after dropping them to the Ukrainian last September. The Watford powerhouse has been preparing for the highly anticipated second fight with new head trainers Angel Fernandez and Robert Garcia after ditching Rob McCracken in May. Now, Joshua’s latest video has uncovered what training is like under his new team. The post captioned: “Friday’s finisher. @pulseroll,” shows him battering the speed bag and unleashing vicious combinations with the use of resistance bands. Clearly, Joshua is leaving no stone unturned during his preparations, with the former heavyweight world champion recently admitting he is ‘desperate’ to win back his titles next month. “I’m definitely desperate to get my hands on [the titles],” Joshua revealed during last week’s press conference in London. “Less talk, more action. Let me get in there and do my job. I’m not a comedian, I’m not someone who writes speeches. I’m definitely hungry, definitely desperate, but at the end of the day, how I perform will speak volumes to the masses.” “I could say that [I know what to do], but I didn’t come out victorious last time. But 12 rounds in the bank is good, good footage to watch, but every fight is different. No matter how many videos you’ve watched, how many stare-downs you’ve had, no matter how many press conferences you’ve done, it’s just completely different in the ring. “12 rounds is good, but you can’t take too much away from it. You’ve got to be in the moment; what happened then is in the past, I don’t really live in the past. I’ll be looking forward to competing round by round. If I follow my As, Bs and Cs, it should lead me to KO.” MORE BOXING NEWS... Paul sets deadline for Fury fight as alternative opponents lined up Joe Joyce has three next fight options after stopping Christian Hammer Mike Tyson describes prison as ‘the best three years of my life’ One of the key differences between Joshua and Usyk during their first fight was the distinct speed advantage for the former undisputed cruiserweight champion. Joshua struggled to adjust to his smaller foe who was able to get in and out of trouble with relative ease. But a faster and more athletic 'AJ' could be the undoing of 'The Cat', which is evidently one of the target areas of Joshua’s camp as the video reveal.