   “It has allowed me to grow my portfolio in different areas of design and to gain valuable industry experience.” Her side hustle has brought in a welcome boost to her finances. She said: “Alongside my degree, I had to limit the amount of work I took on as I had to prioritise uni work. “So, I would do 10 to 15 hours a week so roughly make £100 to £150 a week. READ MORE: Dad earns £400 extra cash in one month READ MORE: Cost of living: Pensioners not eligible could still get £650 payment but deadline looms  “However, now I have upped my price to £15 an hour and throughout holiday periods I can take on more, this week I will have earned around £300.” More than a fifth of this age group - sometimes known as 'zoomers' - need to earn more than £300 a month for their extra job to be worth it. Research by Student Beans found that 61 percent of zoomers have taken on a side hustle as a result of the cost of living increasing, including Ella. Strangely, the side hustle with the biggest opportunity to make some cash in 2022 is selling slime, as it’s cheap to make and is sold on average for £8.55 per unit.  Selling personalised mugs and glassware is also a way to earn some extra money online. The average price for a product listing is just over £22, although competition is fierce, with more than two million sellers. Providing gift hampers are also proving to be a very popular venture, such as savoury cheese boxes or a collection of sweet treats. There are only 14,000 sellers for these products on Etsy, with each unit selling for an average of £18. READ MORE: State pensioners may be able to increase sum by up to £14.75 weekly Online sales of jewellery also continue to grow, although there are 12 million sellers already selling some form of these accessories on Etsy. The cost of living crisis has forced many zoomers to change their lifestyle. Student Beans found that 71 percent of those surveyed had to stop socialising and seeing friends in efforts to reduce their costs. Almost half said that they have skipped meals to save cash. Respondents said they have tried various things to address the cost of living, including using a credit card and taking out a loan. Five percent have even had to use a foodbank to get by. Research from MaterialsMarket found that providing carpentry services was a good way to earn some extra cash. The trade provided an average additional income of £1,600 per month, which could reach around £19,200 annually.