Ben Shephard, 47, and Kate Garraway, 55, could barely contain their laughter as they remembered Susanna Reid’s TRIC Awards 2022 wardrobe malfunction. But while Susanna’s dress’ button popped off, Kate also suffered a very awkward mishap that saw the back of her trousers split wide open. Ben took to Instagram today to show his 502,000 followers the damage inflicted on Kate's pink outfit following yesterday’s coveted event. The trio were back in the studio this morning after a successful night that saw them collect the Best Multi-Channel News gong. The Good Morning Britain stars were inspecting Kate’s trousers, which she admitted had “made an audible sound” when they ripped during the awards ceremony. The presenter panned the camera to the award before showing Susanna, saying: “Here’s the TRIC award that we won. “Congratulations, Susanna Reid,” he added, as he moved the camera away from the gong. Showing off her award to the camera with a wide grin, Susanna exclaimed: “Well done, team.” Then, Ben showed Kate Garraway, who was standing at the other side of the desk. He continued, telling Susanna: “You burst out of your dress. Show us the damage, Garraway.” Opening up the trousers to unveil the huge rip across the pink fabric, Kate said: “I mean, this is quite spectacular - even by my standards.” After bursting out laughing, Ben joked: “You burst through the seat of your trousers.” Kate added: “It actually made an audible sound, it shocked everyone.” Susanna then quipped: “We were bursting with excitement about winning the award.” DON'T MISS...Michael Parkinson enjoys rare public appearance with wife at Wimbledon [PICS]Anita Dobson reacts to critics after flashing legs distracts viewers [COMMENT]Jennifer Lopez showcases sizzling bikini snaps for JLo brand [INSTAGRAM] Ben agreed: “Well done us. Thank you.” Kate candidly told viewers at home how her and Susanna's outfits fell apart at a very inconvenient time. She explained: "Susanna's button popped off just as we were about to go on stage. "The button came off just as she was about to make a speech and the back of my trousers split wide open. "They're in wardrobe currently, where poor Holly in wardrobe tried to rectify it and ordered flowers for the designer after my big bottom split them." As Laura Tobin joined her colleagues on screen to present the weather, Susanna quipped that she was “wearing the same dress” from last night. She joked: “Laura, you’re wearing the same dress as last night, you’ve just turned it around so that no one will notice!” The meteorologist quipped: “I’ll be wearing this dress for the rest of the week now.”