The CW’s hit teen drama Riverdale returned for another instalment of thrilling mystery after all the fan-favourites were struck down. However, while fans were thrilled to see Sabrina Spellman (played by Kiernan Shipka) she arrived to help bring the dead back to life.  Sunday’s episode of Riverdale titled ‘The Witches of Riverdale’ opened with the unexpected deaths of all the major characters. Cheryl Blossom (Madelaine Petsch) had been mourning the death of Nana Rose when Sabrina arrived. She made an appearance to help people who had been pronounced dead after the Percival Plague. However, it also took the lives of firstborns including Archie Andrews (AJ Kappa), Jughead (Cole Sprouse), Toni Topaz (Vanessa Morgan) and Fangs (Drew Ray Tanner). READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes speaks out on ITV return 'Have to be an apology' Although they had been pronounced dead, Sabrina and Cheryl were determined to resurrect their friends. With only 12 hours until the victims were left dead for good, Sabrina went to Sweet Hereafter to convince the dead back into their bodies. However, the dead were truly enjoying themselves, including Archie who was now married to Betty and had two children with her. Whereas Jughead was writing comic books and baby Anthony had all grown up.  In order to successfully bring the dead back to life, Sabrina and Cheryl needed six witches of a coven to start the resurrection. Sabrina volunteered to pass through a portal and reach out to Jughead, however, he refused to return even after she pleaded. Although it looked as though the pair returned to the town arm in arm, it was her boyfriend Nick (Graham Phillips) who had been inhabiting his body. Fans were over the moon to see Sabrina back on screens and expressed their excitement on social media. DON'T MISS...Yellowstone season 5 theory: John’s governor status confirmed [THEORY]Riverdale's Archie Andrews star KJ Apa lands next role [INSIGHT]Riverdale season 6: Showrunner confirms major death after final scene [INSIGHT] A thrilled @barchieorigin wrote: “SABRINA SPELLMAN HAS ARRIVED TO RIVERDALE!” @FlashnDrew added: “SABRINA SPELLMAN AND JUGHEAD JONES FINALLY MEET EACH OTHER, I WON.” As @petschvxns announced: “SABRINA SPELLMAN IS BACK!!!” @Tristin616 tweeted: “Comic book Sabrina in live action is the best thing that came from Riverdale by far.”  @Barchiedaily shared: “So happy seeing my girl Sabrina back!” An excited @Jazzy_J_97 wrote: “SABRINA SPELLMAN HAS ENTERED THE CHAT!!” While none of the friends wanted to return, Sabrina told Cheryl she could force them back by burning their bodies to help them rise from the ashes. Thankfully for fans, it worked out as after Cheryl proceeded to chant the spell, the dead friends began to feel the heat and returned back to life where they were alive again. Riverdale is available on The CW in the US and is available on Netflix in the UK. 