Roger Federer has dropped outside the top 1,000 players in the ATP rankings for the first time in 25 years after he was forced to miss Wimbledon with a knee injury. The 20-time Grand Slam champion, who is widely regarded as one of the best players to ever play the game, underwent the knife last August and hasn’t played a competitive match since his quarter-final defeat to Hubert Hurkacz at last year’s Wimbledon. Federer first got his name on the ATP rankings in September 1997 following a string of promising displays as a 16-year-old. He has now dropped outside the rankings for the first time since then because he has no ranking points having now not played in over 12 months. He had 600 points from Wimbledon in 2019 but they have now expired. Federer entered the top 100 for the first time in 1999. He then became the world No 1 for the first time in 2004 following his Australian Open final victory over Marat Safin. Federer’s prodigious talents were clear to see from his earliest days on the Tour and he had already lifted his first Wimbledon trophy by the time he moved to the top of the rankings after overcoming Mark Philippoussis in the 2003 Australian Open final. During the second part of the noughties, Federer dominated the Tour as he lifted trophy after trophy. In fact, his first title at Wimbledon proved to be the start of a fecund period in his career where he won 16 Grand Slam trophies in 27 appearances between 2003 and 2010. READ MORE: Kate Middleton shares private chat with Djokovic after Wimbledon win Federer’s powers began to wane at the start of the next decade, although he regularly reached the latter stages of the Grand Slams. Following his Australian Open success at the start of 2010, the veteran only won one more major title - the 2012 edition of Wimbledon - until 2017. The superstar then had a mini-revival as he won the Australian Open and Wimbledon titles, before winning Down Under once again in 2018. Injuries have since taken their toll on Federer and, at the age of 40, he looks unlikely to ever lift another Grand Slam trophy. But the 20-time major winner will be desperate to get back out on the court after being forced to miss seven of the last nine majors. It is hoped he will play at the Laver Cup in September and at the Swiss Indoors in Basel a month after that. DON'T MISS Nick Kyrgios demands 'drunk' Wimbledon fan is kicked outNick Kyrgios’ girlfriend praises his 'resilience' amid Wimbledon finalWimbledon protester had 'head smashed into wall' after being ejected  Federer made an appearance at SW19 last Sunday as he returned to the All England Club as a spectator. And he will surely be hungry to get back on the court as soon as possible and force his way back into the top 1,000. “My ambition is to see what I'm capable of one last time,” he said last year. “I also wish I could say goodbye in my own way and on a tennis court. That's why I give my all in my rehabilitation. Then let's be clear, my life is not going to collapse if I don't play a Grand Slam final again. But it would be the ultimate dream to go back. And in fact, I still believe in it. I believe in these kinds of miracles.” 