Liverpool's squad are excited by the arrival of summer signing Darwin Nunez. Harvey Elliott has discussed the £85million striker following his move to Anfield earlier in the window. Nunez joined from Benfica after an impressive season in the Portuguese top flight. He featured for the Reds for the first time in Tuesday's 4-0 pre-season loss to Manchester United in Thailand. Nunez missed a glorious opportunity to score on his first outing, blazing over the bar in a clip which has done its rounds on social media. But Elliott has been impressed by what he has seen of the 23-year-old in training so far and says he will make the Reds better. Elliott told The Athletic: “His movement, his physicality, his work rate, his speed — he has everything a Liverpool player needs. We’re all excited to see what he can bring. Transfer news LIVE: Two Man Utd signings close, Ronaldo offer, Chelsea medical  "He’s only going to make us better and bump us on. We’re like a family here and we’ll look after him. "There’s the Spanish and the Portuguese-speaking contingent, so that helps language-wise. No one ever feels left out here. There’s a good vibe in the squad that helps new lads settle.” Nunez impressed against Liverpool in both legs of the Champions League quarter-final in April. He scored once in each leg to give Liverpool a little scare late on at Anfield. Reds boss Jurgen Klopp insists the forward was already on the club's radar before then due to the Portuguese influence on his coaching staff. Klopp said: “He was already on the list. We knew he was interesting, but we didn’t really think about signing him then; we were not in talks. DON'T MISSArsenal facing heartbreak as target outlines why Newcastle have transfer edgeMan Utd's Martinez announcement plan surfaces after 'broad agreement' reachedChelsea target Gnabry's stance on completing transfer as Arsenal talk rubbished  “We have this ‘Portuguese department’ in the coaching staff (Pep Lijnders and Vitor Matos previously worked for Porto). They watch each game even if they struggle a bit to watch Benfica because both are on the blue side, Porto! “It was clear that he is really good, but you don’t just go for a player like this just to add on. We needed to have a look. "It was not that we had a lack of numbers up front or a lack of quality. But there was a moment when it was clear that now we have to intensify our efforts and that’s what we did.” Liverpool are next in action on Friday when they play Crystal Palace in Singapore. 