The TalkTV Political Editor was given "medical advice" last night after fainting on air during The Sun and TalkTV debate causing the debate to be cancelled. However, the presenter will be back on air this evening. TalkTV said in a Tweet: "TalkTV’s Political Editor Kate McCann will present The News Desk tonight at 7pm, filling in as planned for Tom Newton Dunn. "She will be joined by a panel of guests to discuss the day’s politics and the fall-out from yesterday’s debate." Ms McCann also reached out on Twitter today to let viewers know she was all right and would back on air at 7.00pm, albeit "sat down". She said: "Well that wasn't how last night was supposed to end! Thanks everyone for the lovely messages- I'm fine now - and apologies to Liz Truss and Rishi Sunak for cutting the debate short. Tonight I'll be unpicking the debate with some new polling from 7pm ( ...yes, sat down!)."  Yesterday's incident came as a shock to viewers and candidates. Ms Truss put her hands to her face and exclaimed "Oh my God" as a loud crash echoed through the studio. The channel issued a statement to viewers, assuring them that Ms McCann was fine, although the debate would be cancelled.  It said: "Kate McCann fainted on air tonight and although she is fine, the medical advice was that we shouldn't continue with the debate. We apologise to our viewers and listeners." Campaign staff were also shocked when they saw Ms Truss's reaction and heard the crash. Dominic Rabb can be seen looking visibly distressed. READ MORE: 'Arrogance and hubris is staggering' Meghan savaged over move to US Both PM hopefuls tweeted about the incident, wishing Ms McCann well. Liz Truss said: "Relieved to hear Kate McCann is fine. Really sorry that such a good debate had to end. Look forward to catching up with Kate and the rest of The Sun TalkTV team again soon." Similarly, Mr Sunak tweeted: "Good news that you're already recovering Kate McCann. "It was a great debate and I look forward to getting grilled by you again shortly!" DON'T MISS:Meghan and Harry branded ‘boring celebrities’ in US [INSIGHT]Royal Family LIVE: Meghan denies lying in bombshell Oprah interview [LIVE]Farage blasts Rishi over 'spent my life in business' claim [REPORT]  The news comes as the Tory leadership race has been heating up with the final to candidates repeatedly going head to head. Before Ms McCann fainted Ms Truss told Mr Sunak that he would push the country into a recession and compared him to former Labour prime minister Gordon Brown. The former Chancellor hit back saying that Ms Truss's plans would "tip millions of people into misery". The two candidates have agreed to face each other again on Sky News in a debate hosted by Kay Burley. Sky News has confirmed that the debate will take place in front of a live audience on August 4.