Naga Munchetty has told of her devastation at losing her family cat Missy in an emotional social media post. The BBC Breakfast host, 47, took to Instagram to tell how the death of their beloved cat has left a "hole" in hers and her husband's hearts as she paid tribute to the feline. In view of her 53,600 followers, Naga told of her heartbreak at losing the daily member. She wrote: "Said goodbye to our darling, sweet girl Missy yesterday. "She may have been small, but she was immense in stature. "The sweetest cat I've ever loved. READ MORE: Christine McGuinness' pals begged her to leave Paddy "She's left a massive hole in our hearts and home," she ended the post. Naga shared a series of sweet pictures of white, ginger and brown cat Missy. In one, Naga's arm could be seen giving the feline a stroke. The next showed the cat relaxing on a lap looking content, while the final one showed Missy also sitting on someone's lap.  Following Naga's sad news, her followers took to the comments with kind messages of support. Instagram user @mrs_hetfield13 wrote: "Sorry for your loss, she's a beautiful girl," alongside a heart and sad face emoji. "Sorry for your loss .. sending hugs to you & James," added @birdiejoyce. @Glazy_uk penned: "Sad news indeed !! Sorry for your loss." DON'T MISS...Demi Rose leaves little to the imagination as she bares cleavage [INSIGHT]Louise Redknapp addresses son Charley's tearful family farewell [ANALYSIS]Aerosmith's Joey Kramer shares heartache as wife Linda dies at 55 [BREAKING] While girl_n_guitar commented: "I'm so terribly sorry for your loss. "Their only flaw is that they don't live long enough. Thinking of you." Naga frequently shared snaps of her beautiful cat to Instagram. Months ago, the BBC host shared a sweet snap of Missy looking sleepy while lying on the floor. She captioned the snap: "Sleep peacefully. (Not passed, just chilling) #grateful X." Days before, she posted a picture of Missy sleeping peacefully in a cardboard box in the sun. Naga penned: "Happiness is... x".