Our Yorkshire Farm centres around the lives of the Owen family, with the Yorkshire Shepherdess Amanda Owen, Clive Owen and their nine children. Unlike most "normal" kids, they have to balance their education with their chores around Ravenseat Farm. The Channel 5 series will be back for more episodes in the future, depicting what the Owens have been getting up to since the end of 2021. Out of all the Owen children, Miles is probably the keenest on working at Ravenseat as an aspiring farmer himself. He even looks after his own flock of sheep, as welll as tending to the family chickens. Miles isn't seen as frequently on Our Yorkshire Farm but near the end of last year, mum Amanda Owen posted a cute snap of them together. In the caption, she wrote to her 522,000 followers: "Up’t cow shed when I catch a super rare sighting of the shy one, Miles." READ MORE: America’s Got Talent: Simon Cowell in tears watching Nightbirde Comments from fans flooded in, gushing over Amanda and Miles spur of the moment picture. A follower responded: "Ahh, my favourite with his reserve and shy smile. I love the way Clive calls him Milie sometimes." While others couldn't help but point out how "handsome" the youngster is. An Instagram user added: "Someone get Miles (and Reuben) a modelling contract! They’re all gorgeous kids. What a lovely family!" The Yorkshire Shepherdess' son Miles is the third eldest in the Owen family. Miles is 15 years old, whereas his older brother Reuben is 18 and his big sister Raven is now 21. He is just a couple of years older than the next eldest child, Edith, who is 13 years old. There is a nine-year age gap between Miles and the youngest in the family, who is six-year-old Nancy. DON'T MISS...Why Didn’t They Ask Evans showrunner on ‘exquisite’ lead actress [CAST]Amanda Owen's family 'fail' sparks 'rescue mission' at Ravenseat Farm [REACTION]Amanda Owen speaks out on ‘challenging’ role  [EXPLAINER] Apart from farming, Miles is also a keen fell runner which is a type of running which includes sprinting through rivers, uphill and generally in off-road areas. In a nearby village in Yorkshire, people compete in fell running in The Mucker Show. Miles has won a number of trophies in the competitions and when the Owen family created their own version, the teenager came out on top. Back in season four of the docu-series, Miles said: "The most time people have won this cup is three times, but obviously I can't do this year so hopefully I can do it next year. "I want to win, and I want my parents to be proud of me." Our Yorkshire Farm was last seen in November 2021 for its fifth season on Channel 5. The channel has already confirmed there will be a sixth season on its way. However, there has been no talk of a potential release date just yet. Our Yorkshire Farm is available to watch on All4.