She's expecting her first in a couple of weeks and with spectacularly bad timing is also moving house. Her old one is sold, but the new one is full of builders so she has moved into ours. Which is lovely of course.What kind of granny wouldn't be totally thrilled to welcome home her newest chick? There's just one problem. She's turned into Mumzilla! I'd forgotten quite how ferocious the nesting instinct is in new mothers and while she is building her baby roost she wants to do it her way. So at her suggestion we removed ourselves to France and left her to get on with it. It's been painful. She's emptied every cupboard in our kitchen, sending cheeky WhatsApps about ancient packets of Paxo and outdated sardine pâté (Richard's impeccable taste). She hired a skip and cleared the garage (admittedly too full of rubbish to leave any space for a car), triumphantly chucking out broken Christmas tree stands, boxes of old clothes from 1999, a 2001 television set, a hot plate from 1989, a hat stand, and two Ikea desk tops plus some office equipment. When my son complained that the desks and office stuff were actually his and that he wanted them back, it was already too late. Neighbourhood skip surfers had liberated the lot overnight, including an expensive piece of gym equipment (a power plate bought years ago, unused, but hey, you never know). She's also annexed our large back sitting room as a private leisure area for herself and husband; her dad and I will have the use of the small TV snug though! The dining room will be a shared "office space". The guest rooms on our top floor are now a self-contained bedroom and nursery suite. And she's turned her own old bedroom into a "dressing room" (does a baby need a dressing room?) which she says is now free of (my) clutter for the first time in years. We'll be setting off for home next week... she's probably changed the locks. One pleasant feature of being in France is I've stopped watching the TV news. The evening bulletins start an hour later here and I've been happy to give them a miss, sitting outside with a glass of rosé as the relentless daytime heat slowly cools. Because it was a momentous week, I did try to watch the BBC a couple of times, but I can't stand it. I feel my anxiety levels soaring as the Beeb's latest pet "project fear" carves deep into my soul. The heatwave - yes it may be unprecedented but the BBC portrays it as the first circle of hell in Dante's Inferno. Its climate editor almost dancing with glee as he prophesises doom. And how they go on and on... and on. I've refused to watch the new Prime Minister X Factor contest as well. I've no idea why the Tories agreed to this demeaning charade. I can't decide which institution I dislike the most - the Conservative Party or the BBC. It's a close call. In my old office we shared a shorthand of "posh boy hair" and "boyband hair" - and we totes knew what kind of male we were talking about. Cruise's cannot be dismissed as "aging movie star hair" though, because it's far more glorious than George Clooney's or Brad Pitt's. It's so glossy, so black, youthful and dazzling. He looks like a health god, right. As he stood beside Prince William at the Top Gun premiere, I felt sad for our follicly-challenged future king. I'll bet he's really jealous.