In a telegram message, the Ukrainian President also took a moment to thank “ordinary people" for their work to help the country. More than 5,000 civilians have been killed in Ukraine since Russia invaded the country, the UN human rights office reports.  The Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR) said figures showed that 5,024 people had been killed and 6,520 injured amid fighting in the country. Mr Zelenky said: “A really difficult road is ahead. Everyone understands that. But it is also clear that what lies ahead is the success of our state. “When millions of people work sincerely for this - each and everyone at their own level - the result will be inevitable.” Earlier this month, the UN high commissioner for human rights, Michelle Bachelet, said arbitrary detention of civilians had become "widespread" in parts of Ukraine held by Russia's military and affiliated armed groups.  The findings were based on information from field visits and interviews conducted with just over 500 victims and witnesses of human rights violations. Ms Bachelet also said the UN, which has maintained a presence in Ukraine since 2014, had not yet been provided access to territory occupied by Russian armed forces. Meanwhile, the UK's Ministry of Defence (MoD) has shared footage of Ukrainian soldiers taking part in training exercises in the UK. Last week, the MoD reported that the first cohort of Ukrainian soldiers, many of whom have no previous military experience, had arrived in the UK for combat training.  READ MORE: UK Covid cases surge across Britain: calls for lockdown The first few hundred recruits are receiving instructions at sites across Britain in the first phase of a program that aims to train up to 10,000 Ukrainian soldiers in weapons handling, battlefield first aid and patrol tactics. It is part of a broader package of support for Ukraine that includes £2.3bn pounds of anti-tank weapons, rocket systems and other hardware. Defence Secretary Ben Wallace said: “Using the world-class expertise of the British Army, we will help Ukraine to rebuild its forces and scale-up its resistance as they defend their country's sovereignty and their right to choose their own future.” At least seven people have been killed in an attack by Ukrainian armed forces in the Russian-held town of Nova Kakhovka, in Ukraine's southern Kherson region, Russia's TASS news agency reports.  DON'T MISS:Royal Family LIVE: Meghan and Harry row over announcementUK weather: Sweltering conditions on the wayKate’s ‘philanthropic’ parents plan to shelter Ukrainian refugees According to TASS, the attack, which took place yesterday, also led to an explosion at fertiliser warehouses in the region. TASS quoted Vladimir Leontyev, head of Russia-installed Kakhovka district military-civilian administration as saying: “There are already seven dead for sure and about 60 wounded. “There are still many people under the rubble. The injured are being taken to the hospital, but many people are blocked in their apartments and houses.” 