Rob Needham killed daughters Ava, four, and Lexi, two, as well as girlfriend Kelly Fitzgibbons, 40, plus their dog before turning the weapon on himself in March 2020. The builder, 42, had managed to get the gun days before the atrocity as his licence appeared to be legally held. But an inquest heard Needham failed to disclose his history of mental illness and an official caution for theft. Relatives of Kelly claim the tragedy could have been averted if the laws were stricter. Emma Ambler, her twin sister, said: "We firmly believe if Rob hadn't had access to a weapon that allowed him to kill them in such a fast and cowardly way, they would still be here now. "The monitoring and information exchange between medical professionals and the police is a shambles. Any dishonesty on the application form, as in Rob's case, then an individual should not be granted a licence. "Five years is not nearly frequent enough for licence holder reviews. These should be carried out annually." Chief Superintendent Nigel Lecointe had told the inquest in Horsham, West Sussex, he thought applications should be submitted and checked yearly. Needham blasted his family and killed himself at their home in Woodmancote, West Sussex, while his ill mother Maureen was downstairs. Coroner Bridget Dolan said police failed to properly investigate the shotgun licence application in 2016 after it emerged Needham had lied. He had been treated for depression in 2003 and 2013 and had a police caution for stealing a bike many years previously. A firearms enquiry officer conducted a home visit and told him his GP would be contacted. Needham then disclosed the bouts of depression. He also told the officer the caution was not declared because his girlfriend had filled in the form and she was unaware of it. But he had completed the application himself, which a handwriting comparison would have revealed. Ms Dolan said: "The relevance of false statements are important. High integrity is needed as there had to be a level of trust in the applicant." But she said there had been great strides to tightening up firearms licensing in recent years. Ms Dolan explained: "There is nothing in the background that suggests there was a risk, no history of violence and no history of threats of violence." She said the couple had money worries and the relationship was strained but there was nothing so serious as to cause such a "diabolical" incident. The inquest concluded Kelly, Ava and Lexi were unlawfully killed while suicide was recorded for Needham. Ms Fitzgibbons' family added in a statement: "Although there was no indication of what Rob was capable of, it is clear from the investigation that this was a premeditated act of evil."