The GB News presenter took aim at the Duke and Duchess of Sussex in a scathing monologue on Saturday's instalment of the news programme. It came in the wake of Prince Harry's recent speech about "poverty, freedom and climate change" at the United Nations in New York. She told viewers the royal was "regurgitating a load of gobbledygook fed to him by his other half". She began by telling GB News viewers Harry "went on his usual whinging" journey to the United Nations conference on Monday. Nana added: "He talked about poverty, freedom of speech and climate change, none of which he can confess to being in sufferance of. "In his speech, he appears to be comparing his fight for freedom with Nelson Mandela's." The former South African President served 27 years in prison after being charged with sabotage, treason, and violent conspiracy. READ MORE: Prince Harry faces savage calls to be stripped of royal titles She continued: "No doubt he is regurgitating a load of gobbledygook fed to him by his other half." While Harry praised Mandela's legacy of justice, he drew controversy talking about climate change. Nana added: "There is no doubt he probably flew there by private jet." "Let's be honest, if you compare his carbon footprint to any one of us, his is a crater," she remarked.  "He's making a fortune out of this, it is nothing short of professional whinging. "He's got a book coming out, another whing-fest, I mean, honestly, what has he got to complain about?" She then delved into Harry winning his bid to bring part of a High Court challenge against the Home Office over his security arrangements. The Duke is taking legal action over a decision not to allow him to pay for police protection when visiting the UK from the US. DON'T MISS...Queen's aide warned 'Meghan and Harry's wedding would end in tears' [INSIGHT]Lizzie Cundy savages Harry and Meghan's security demands [INTERVIEW]Prince Harry and Meghan to 'carry on going' with public stunts [LATEST] On Friday, a High Court judge agreed the case could proceed and granted permission for part of his claim to have a judicial review. Nana scoffed: "Well, he's not a working royal, it's a choice that he made. "You can't have your cake and eat it, Harry." She then addressed journalist Tom Bower's explosive biography about Meghan and Harry called Revenge which was published on Thursday.   Nana swiped: "Harry looks miserable of late, expecting sympathy from those who care to buy into it." "It's great work if you can get it," she quipped. GB News is available to watch on Freeview 236, Sky HD 515 and Virgin Media.  