Manchester City have rebuffed yet another approach from Chelsea for one of their stars, according to reports. This time Aymeric Laporte is the man in question, and he is the third player Thomas Tuchel has aimed to prise away from Pep Guardiola following seemingly more successful attempts to sign Raheem Sterling and Nathan Ake. The England winger is set to join up with Tuchel in the Blues' pre-season tour of America next week after a £47.5million deal was agreed late on Saturday evening. The agreement represents quite the coup for Chelsea, who took advantage of Sterling's contract running out next summer to force the deal through. Chelsea are also in talks to sign Dutch centre-back Nathan Ake and have agreed personal terms but they were not done there. According to Standard Sport, the Blues made an approach for another City centre-back earlier this week in Laporte but City rejected the prospect out of hand. With the Blues having lost Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen on free transfers at the start of the month, two centre-backs as a minimum are needed for Tuchel. Jules Kounde, Matthijs de Ligt, Kalidou Koulibaly and Marquinhos have all been linked in the past. Yet their interest in Laporte shows that Chelsea are keen to break their title rivals down by aiming to steal their best players. Laporte was imperious last season alongside Ruben Dias and John Stones as City romped to yet another title. But despite interest in his services across Europe, the Frenchman stuck to his guns with the aim of competing on all fronts for more trophies with City. He told RMC Sport: "Four league trophies, yes, but that's eleven in all. It's not just the Premier League. It's very good for the club and for me. "I'm happy to benefit people here too by bringing the Premier League trophy. It had never happened. So I'm super happy with this season that I've had, despite an injury at the end of the season. I was able to hold on until the end. "Yes [I am staying this season], I'm super happy and fit. The team too. There remains only the common objective, the Champions League, but we will do everything to get it this year." Laporte was then asked about a return to France, where he stayed until the age of 16 before moving to Athletic Bilbao. "For now, that's not the goal," he said. "I still have three years of contract. I'm happy and the club too. "I played a lot of minutes: I am the central defender who had the most. I am a reference and I am very happy that the coach and Manchester City have confidence in me. So why not go on for a long time?" City won their fourth Premier League title in five seasons last campaign.