Cherry and the 10 Years Younger team helped Mary, a former town mayor who had lost her confidence, and Michelle, a former cleaner who can't look at her reflection in the mirror. Mary explained that after the passing of both her parents she lost her confidence and her sense of identity. She said: "There are lots of things I don't like about myself. "My hair is grey and has been since I was 21. "Because I have bad sight, unfortunately, I squint a lot which has caused these lines here, and I don't think I look great in clothes. I just exist and I hope people don't look too closely," she admitted. READ MORE: One Royal Family member is the 'sexiest' - but it's not Kate or Meghan Mary works in a small gift shop as she prefers to hide and not be noticed. Michelle, on the other side, has struggled with her mental health and low self-esteem for many years. She explained: "Cleaning can be really hard if you don't like your reflection because there can be mirrors anywhere: wardrobes, walls, mirror tables... they are terrible to clean!" Beauty experts help restore Michelle and Mary inside and out using a combination of holistic and beauty treatments.  The experts faced a series of challenges including broken, stained and missing teeth, receding hairlines, pigmentation, saggy skin, smoker’s lips and ill-fitting clothes. Make-up artist Hannah Martin and hairdresser John Vial gave them tips on how to look younger. They shared the fail-safe eyeliner trick to open sunken eyes and the hair colours and cuts to make their hair shine. Hannah also revealed the lip colours that could instantly make them look younger. READ MORE: Meghan Markle's fashion hack to 'look expensive' - 'she is a fan' She said: "Warmer skin tones should go for orange or yellow-based reds. "Cooler complexions look great with blue or pinky tones. "That will also help whiten yellowing teeth," the make-up artist explained. Stylist Gemma Sheppard was in charge of making their wardrobe work for a more youthful appearance. She incorporated the latest trends but also refreshed old items creating exciting new looks. Dentist Uchenna replaced some rotten teeth. Finally, cosmetic physician Dr Tapan Patel and celebrity beautician Nilam Holmes used cosmetic techniques, including Evoke Face Technology, Lumecca IPL laser therapy, Collagenwave radio frequency skin tightening and Morpheus 8 Dermapen microneedling, to revive their faces. Botox and dermal fillers were also used to refresh the skin while ensuring natural results.