The Melanie Pearson star told Jeremy Vine on his Channel 5 show that the finale is "exceptional" and explained how the cast watched it together on Thursday night. Neighbours will draw to a close for UK audiences on Friday after 37 years on the air.  Speaking on Jeremy Vine, Lucinda commented: "We've seen it. So it was on last night, we've had a bit of a get-together with the rest of the cast. "And there were lots of feels going on, if you know what mean. "We were all pretty emotional at the end. It's so beautifully wrapped up." As a picture was shown on the screen of the cast smiling for the camera together, she added: "So that was us last night. READ MORE: Meghan Markle left ‘disappointed’ by Strictly Come Dancing snub "That was before of course we all got ridiculously drunk, but yes, we have a great night together. "And the show, I just thought it was exceptional. "It's won the ratings last night - it hasn't been on our normal Channel Ten programme for about eight years now. "And it was last night and it got a full viewing. "And there was a big set-up in the middle of Melbourne and everyone watched it in the square. "And yeah, it was really emotional." Lucinda starred as Melaine from 1987 to 1991, before making a cameo return in 2005 and rejoining the soap in 2021. It comes as the last episode of Neighbours drew in the biggest audience in 13 years when the tear-jerking final instalment aired. DON'T MISS... Neighbours smashes audience record with final episode [LATEST]Ranvir Singh leaves co-star gobsmacked with brutal weight jibe [VIDEO]'Don't think I'll get a gig!' Neighbours' Toadfish star shares concern [VIDEO] Fans have been preparing for the soap's final conclusion for months after it was axed after almost four decades. The episode is yet to be shown in the UK, with viewers speculating on what might happen in the last visit to Ramsay Street. According to TV Tonight ratings, 873,000 viewers across Australia tuned in to watch the show bow out. The finale saw the return of several old faces who returned to the soap to bid one last farewell. Among these was Kylie Minogue, who found fame on the soap back in 1986. She was joined by her onscreen husband Jason Donovan, delighting fans after their iconic wedding scene in 1987. Hollywood star Guy Pearce also reprised his role as Mike Young to enjoy one final trip to Ramsay Street. Fans will have to tune into the final instalment tonight to see how the beloved characters are brought together one last time. Neighbours airs on Friday at 9pm on Channel 5.