The heatwave areas of the UK have experienced will have caused food waste to rot much quicker than usual. This could have resulted in an infestation of maggots, as well as bad odours in kitchen bins and outdoor rubbish bins. Experts at Tap Warehouse have shared hacks to prevent this from happening as areas around the country continue to experience a humid climate. Britons should ensure their kitchen bin and outdoor bins are kept out of direct sunlight as this will help to slow down the process of decomposition. When it comes to cleaning, the experts recommended using white vinegar. To do so, mix a solution of equal parts water and white vinegar in a spray bottle before spraying the bin and using a dish sponge to scrub the inside and outside of the bin. White vinegar can help to get rid of odours. READ MORE: Man rages at neighbour after out of control trees destroy shared fence Polly Shearer, kitchen cleaning expert at Tap Warehouse, commented: “If you have already found maggots in your kitchen bin, you should act straight away to stop them from multiplying. “Simply mix one part white vinegar with two parts boiling water and pour this into your bin. “This should get rid of the maggots and any fly eggs too.” Bicarbonate of soda, which can be picked up for as little as 55p, can also be used to keep bins fresh. DON'T MISS:How to save your lawn without watering: 6 steps to ‘promote growth’ [COMMENT]Watering plants at certain time won’t benefit them [INSIGHT]I tried the teabag hack to clean my windows - results [PICTURES] The experts said to sprinkle it at the bottom of the bin and leave it there to help absorb odours. They said: “It’s an easy way to keep bin odours at bay. “When you empty the bin, don’t forget to sprinkle the bicarbonate of soda at the bottom again.” Rubbing a lemon on the inside of the bin can help to get rid of nasty smells as well as leaving a fresh scent in the kitchen. READ MORE: Monty Don: The quiet town where Longmeadow is located The expert continued: “Any splashes of grease on the outside of your bin will immediately attract flies which will result in maggots. “To prevent this, coffee grounds work wonders on grease. “Place two teaspoons of coffee grounds onto a wet cloth and scrub away any grease or food particles. “Coffee grounds can also banish odours by sprinkling them in the bottom of your bin before putting in a bin bag.” Washing bins regularly is also crucial to help get rid of any food that may be stuck on the inside. The cleaning experts recommended washing up liquid. They said: “Washing up liquid is an effective way to kill germs and therefore prevent a maggot infestation. “Either grab a soapy dish sponge and use it to scrub the bin or fill the bin with hot water and washing up liquid. “Leave it to sit for 10 minutes before pouring the water out and drying it with a cloth.”