The Blacklist fans shared a huge error from the NBC show’s second season which landed on screens in 2015. As viewers await the premiere of the thriller’s 10th season, many have taken to re-watching the series, whereas others are binge-watching in time for its anticipated 2023 return.  The season two episode titled ‘T.Earl King VI’ saw the return of Tom Keen (played by Ryan Eggold) who had quickly become a fan favourite. Tom made his comeback on the show to undertake a tense mission for an older man named Bud, who asked him: “How is your German.” In order to take on his task, he had to travel to Germany to infiltrate Die Entrechteten which was a white supremacist drug cartel based in Dresden. Knowing it would be an undercover case in a new country where he could face unexpected danger he called Liz Keen (Megan Boone) who also shared she was going undercover.  READ MORE: BBC Breakfast viewers thrilled as they welcome back much-loved host For his new assignment, Tom was given a completely new identity with the new name of Christof Mannheim. To look the part, he also underwent some physical changes which saw him shave his head down to a crew cut. He had also covered himself in temporary Neo-Nazi tattoos including text which made his position in society crystal clear. After landing in Germany, Tom tested his character and picked a fight with a large customer at a bar, who proceeded to knock him out.  Before Tom boarded his flight to Germany, fans spotted a major error with his fake passport and exposed it on the movie mistakes forum. The eagle-eyed viewer stated: “The German passport has a photograph loosely attached, this is not the case on a real European passport. “It also has the American date format, but with correct European date separators,” they concluded. As the passport was so unrealistic fans questioned how Tom would've been able to fly after a clear indication the document was fake.  DON'T MISS... Coronation Street theory: Iconic couple split as Steve left penniless [THEORY]The Blacklist season 10 premiere in doubt as NBC release fall schedule [INSIGHT]The Blacklist season 9 exit: Why did Laura Sohn leave as Alina Park? [INSIGHT] The incorrect date format was another distracting error for viewers as the passport had the American date format, despite Germany being in Europe. The date was written as Month/ Day/ Year instead of the correct format of Day/ Month/ Year. Although this was a huge distraction for fans, only those who understood the differences would have taken notice of the error. As The Blacklist is a long-running show, fans should expect more blunders as it approaches its 10th season.  Thankfully for fans, season 10 was confirmed by Red Reddington star James Spader, who dropped the good news on The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon. Although it was thought the instalment would air later this year, hopes were dashed when NBC released the fall schedule and didn’t list The Blacklist. There is also huge speculation the upcoming season would be the final addition to the series after a number of major exits. As well as a release date, fans will have to stay tuned to see if season 10 will indeed be the final instalment of the series. The Blacklist is available on NBC. A UK release date has yet to be announced. 