The Duke of Sussex warned of a "global assault on democracy and freedom" as he spoke at the UN General Assembly in New York on Monday to mark Nelson Mandela International Day. But Republican Nick Freitas pointed to the American Revolution which marked the end of the Royal Family across the pond. Mr Freitas tweeted: "Last I checked, we fought a revolution so we wouldn't have to care what Prince Harry thinks." In his speech, Harry spoke about climate change, the Covid pandemic, "weaponising lies and disinformation", the war in Ukraine and abortion laws in the US. But the Duke, who is living in California with Meghan Markle after quitting royal duties in 2020, has faced a backlash from Republicans. Buddy Carter, the representative for Georgia’s 1st Congressional District, said: "The US is protecting the lives of unborn children. Russia is killing innocent Ukrainians. "We are not the same and comparing the two is sick and perverse. "I would remind Prince Harry that spreading disinformation is incredibly damaging to the 'democracy and freedom' he is so concerned about." Lisa McClain, the representative for Michigan's 10th congressional district, added: "Yet again, the Duke and Duchess are sticking their nose into American politics by attacking the US rule of law. "I think it's time we buy them a history book on the Revolutionary War to remind them that our government stopped caring about the 'royals' opinion back in 1776." READ MORE: Prince Harry mercilessly mocked by South African newspaper Meanwhile, the Spectator's Washington editor Amber Athey accused the Duke of "mouthing off about American politics despite a rudimentary understanding - at best - of our founding principle". Writing in the magazine, she said: "Prince Harry, who only lives here because his wife dreams of doing animated voiceovers for Netflix, routinely opines on our Constitution with all of the British pomposity that led to the Revolutionary War. "Newsflash: Americans do not like it when foreigners tell us what to do or how we should feel. "And yet Prince Harry (do I even have to use his title anymore?) is too arrogant and lacking in self awareness to sit down and shut up." DON'T MISSHarry defended after Duke mocked for speech to almost empty roomPrince Harry blasted for 'mouthing off' about US politicsRoyal Family LIVE: Harry sent 'dire' three-word warning Harry was joined by Meghan for the event at the UN with the couple holding hands as they arrived. In his speech, the Duke said: "This has been a painful year in a painful decade. "We're living through a pandemic that continues to ravage communities in every corner of the globe; climate change wreaking havoc on our planet, with the most vulnerable suffering most of all; the few, weaponising lies and disinformation at the expense of the many; and from the horrific war in Ukraine to the rolling back of constitutional rights here in the United States. "We are witnessing a global assault on democracy and freedom - the cause of Mandela's life." Harry previously faced accusations of interfering in US politics when he branded the First Amendment - the right to free speech - "bonkers". And last month Meghan said her husband was a "feminist" and told of his "guttural" reaction to the move by the US Supreme Court to overturn the Roe v Wade ruling. 