Kate and her husband Prince William made their first appearance at the Wimbledon Championships on Tuesday to see Britain’s number one Cameron Norrie secure his place in the semi-finals. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge were seated in the Royal Box — the most exclusive enclosure at Centre Court — to watch Norrie out-work and out-stroke his way to a 3-6 7-5 2-6 6-3 7-5 victory over Belgium’s David Goffin. They are expected to return to the SW19 couts to witness more of the action, and in her role as Royal Patron of the All England Club, Kate is likely to present the winners’ trophies at the end of the week. The Duchess has been patron since 2016, when Queen Elizabeth II handed down a number of her patronages on her 90th birthday. She is an avid tennis supporter and is often spotted at the south west London club. Over the years, Kate has been accompanied by the likes of Prince Edward, Duke of Kent, her parents Carole and Michael Middleton and her sister Pippa Matthews. But all eyes were on the Duchess in 2018, when she was joined by Meghan Markle, the then-fiancee of Prince Harry, at the men's semi final. As we know now, just months before, Kate and Meghan had had their infamous row over a dress fitting for the Duchess of Sussex’s Royal Wedding. According to Meghan, Kate made her cry at a bridesmaid dress fitting. According to those close to Kate, it was the other way around. Body language expert Judi James has claimed that, despite the seemingly friendly outing, it was clear that tensions were brewing. READ MORE: Meghan 'dreamed of being a princess like Kate' LONG before meeting Harry in unearthed blog Ms James told the Mirror: “Their first visit to Wimbledon came at a time when expectations were still running high that these two women might be best friends. “What we saw from their body language then was a display of politeness that didn’t totally suggest close friendship bonds. Kate looked like a well-mannered host and Meghan appeared to enjoy her company but there were few if any convincing signals of anything more intimate. “As early-day rituals though it did seem to leave the door part-way open in terms of relationship-forming. “The laughter looked shared and authentic but there was no real consequent relaxing of posture or increase in tie-signs or eye-checking signals to suggest these were the first stages in a growing friendship.” And the pair’s relationship was again thrust into the spotlight a year later, when the Duchesses returned to Wimbledon. This time, Ms James claimed there were clear indications of trouble in paradise, particularly because of the complete lack of friendship signals you would expect to see 12 months on. She said: “By the time of the second visit there did appear to be some subtle signs of potential tension from Kate, who seems to have taken a more ‘adult’ stance. “Kate was still very much the polite and friendly host but it is pretty obvious the bonding signals were showing no signs to hint of any growing or matured levels of closeness or rapport behind the scenes. “The two women laughed together and even turned together to chat to someone behind them but as they turned back their smiles seemed to drop at about the same time. “By now you could expect to see more exchanged glances, mirroring and more softening of the facial expressions when they talked to one another but there were no signs of any progression along those lines. “Meghan had been placed in between Kate and her sister Pippa which looked like a signal of family unity, but it did seem to show up how Meghan tended to mirror Pippa more than Kate and to relax a little more while she was talking to her. “Neither of these women would produce any active signals of dislike or unfriendliness but it’s the lack of any progression of friendship signals that seemed to imply their relationship had stalled, despite efforts to put on a show of unity in public. “Both must have been aware that their husbands were struggling with their rift and this would have made it even more difficult.” Less than a year later, Meghan and her husband Prince Harry stepped down from their senior positions in the Royal Family. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex returned to the UK with their children for the first time last month. In celebration of the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee, the pair joined other members of the Royal Family for a Service of Thanksgiving for Queen Elizabeth II’s reign. It appeared that tensions between the Cambridges and the Sussexes still remained, as the couples were not seen interacting throughout the hour-long ceremony. Meghan and Harry arrived ahead of Kate and William, and sat on the opposite side of St Paul’s Cathedral to the Cambridges and Prince Charles and his wife Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall. Further reports claimed the couples did not spend any private time together before the Sussexes jetted back to the US.