Prince Harry is no longer a senior member of the British Royal Family, since his departure, along with Meghan Markle, in 2020. After his exit, the Duke lost some privileges that came with being a senior member but, speaking on the latest episode of the Daily Express' Royal Round-Up, royal correspondent Richard Palmer discussed how Harry could "have an argument" to secure the same, or close to, level of security that the Royal Family get. Mr Palmer said: "On the one hand, he [Harry] would argue that because he's someone who has served in Afghanistan, and he's a high profile person, that he's at high risk. "[also] the fact that Meghan is of mixed-race heritage, [that] did attract some far-right people who were threatening them. "So, on that side of it, they've got an argument to say that they're at some risk". He added: "I think former prime ministers, lots of people get protection because of something they once did." READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Kate and William hatch new masterplan to scupper Meghan and Harry in US Harry has previously stated his security fears. He has said that it would be, without having police protection officers in attendance, unsafe for him and his family to return to the UK. In March, Harry chose not to attend a memorial service for the late Duke of Edinburgh, just shy of a year after his death. Although the Duke, nor the Duchess of Sussex provided a statement, the reason noted as to why Harry chose not to attend was the Duke's security concerns for his family. READ MORE: 'Monumental row’ Harry and Meghan in bust-up ahead of major royal event Earlier this week, reports suggested that police had been called to two intruder alerts at Meghan and Harry's California home in the space of just 12 days. It was reported that the couple were at their Montecito home, along with their two children, when the alerts were triggered. Police records show that officers visited their home on the couple's fourth wedding anniversary, which was on May 19. DON'T MISS They returned for a second intruder alert on May 31, shortly before the family left the US to fly to the UK for the Platinum Jubilee celebrations. The couple announced they were stepping down as senior royals two years. READ NEXT: