The Last Kingdom's Timothy Innes has praised the series' high turnover of directors for his evolution as an performer. The King Edward actor paid special tribute to the key members of the Netflix show's crew. The Last Kingdom's King Edward actor got more than he bargained for when he signed up for a few series with the Netflix commission. Growing in confidence and learning on the job, Timothy Innes has paid special notice to the various directors he's worked with over the course of filming. He shared how multiple voices and schools of thought have helped him improve his own skills as an actor. Aside from on screen improvements, he was grateful for the collection of knowledge he will leave the historical set with. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan 'not showing love' claims royal author Levin Timothy said: "The ability to work with so many directors over the course of three seasons has been a blessing, because they all have different ways of working, and ultimately you’re developing relationships with new bosses all the time. "So when I leave this and go on to other jobs, you can take those pieces of information and experiences and collect them as a whole, and carry it with you. "I’m very grateful for that." Playing King Edward didn't only offer him silver screen kudos, but changed the actor's life in more ways than one. "I think one thing The Last Kingdom has done for me as an actor is help me grow," he shared. Offering more insight, Timothy reflected: "I think before this I was doing jobs where I was just coming in for a few days, a few weeks. "This has given me a regular character where I can work on and really find different emotions and motivations for the character. "So the simplest answer is probably confidence. I think I’m a lot more confident than I was when I started." DON'T MISS...The Last Kingdom’s Eadith pays tribute to ‘amazing’ Alexander Dreymon [TRIBUTE]Last Kingdom’s Aldhelm star shares jibe at previous roles [INSIGHT]‘Would be too dangerous!’ The Last Kingdom’s Brida star shares fears [INSIGHT]  At the beginning of season five, viewers find King Edward content and happy in the middle of peacetime. Character flaws aplenty, the King is abusing his power, carrying out affairs outside his marriage, however, audiences are met with an in control individual at the top of his game. For the season ahead, the King is kept busy attempting to fulfil Alfred’s dream and uniting the kingdoms under Christ as one. Timothy promised the next instalment is "one to remember" teasing: "There are a lot of deaths, a lot of surprises, a lot of battles, a lot of tears, a lot of anger, and a lot of conflict." Being part of the historical drama left the actor with a new family to lean on for support and guidance. He said of his relationships on set: "I think working on this show is so unique because you have such a close relationship with the crew and the cast. "There is something about just being in every day, and knowing everyone, and it becomes easier, in a safe environment, to be vulnerable, because that’s what you have to be in scenes. "I know that people say that, and it gets overused, but I think it really is a family. It’ll be sad when it’s done." The Last Kingdom and its seasons are available to watch on Netflix now.