BBC's Normal People actress Daisy-Edgar Jones, 24, has responded as she is told by fans she is the called the "guy version" of the actor Joseph Quinn, 29. Joseph has become an overnight sensation since he transformed in Stranger Things to play rocker Eddie Munson. Joseph has become wildly popular since playing metal-head Eddie in the Netflix series. Eddie won everyone's hearts, battling the monsters of the Upside Down "for a town that didn't even like him". After seeing countless social media messages, Daisy has commented on the so-called "resemblance" between her and the Netflix star. The BBC actress said in a recent interview: "Apparently I’m really great in the most recent season of Stranger Things. READ MORE: Jeremy Vine's Storm Huntley welcomes baby boy and fans ‘love his name' "Everyone is saying I look like Joe [Joseph] Quinn, who is brilliant in that series. I do see the likeness. "I think we could play brother or sister. "That was quite funny. Everyone is like 'Oh my God, you’re in Stranger Things'", she said to ELLE UK. Many fans of the pair took to social media in recent weeks to comment on the pair's uncanny resemblance. Meggyeddie wrote on Twitter: "am I going insane or does Eddie from stranger things literally look exactly the same as Daisy Edgar Jones #StrangerThings4." Justtuyen added: "Really loved daisy edgar jones as eddie in #strangerthings4." (sic) Haloshoney commented on the resemblance: "eddie from stranger Things looks like a guy version of daisy edgar jones." (sic) SimilarlyDaisy took off as an actress in 2020 when she starred in BBC's Normal People. DON'T MISS... ‘I may have to have surgery’ Eamonn Holmes shares grim health update [HEALTH] John Torode's wife Lisa Faulkner, 50, unveils bikini body on holiday [PICS] JK Rowling risks anger from locals as she shuts road to cut 30ft hedge [LATEST] Since then, the actress has had breakout roles in major Hollywood movies including Where the Crawdads Sing and Fresh. However, although Joseph has starred in small roles in popular shows such as Game of Thrones, he was not a household name until now. Since Stranger Things aired, he has been met with an outpouring of support from the world. This comes as the actor cried at London Film and Comic Con on Saturday when a fan thanked him for spending so much time with them. Fans claimed he had been "yelled at" by the event staff for taking too long with fans who had paid to see him at the event. The meet and greet opportunities ranged from £45 to £125 depending on the type of pass guests had. Fans criticised the convention organiser, Showmasters, for its alleged treatment of the actor on Twitter. Yazzles456 said: "I had such a good weekend at @Showmasters but I will say one thing. "If you guys continue to treat your guests the way you treated Joseph Quinn you are going to lose out on a lot of your regulars with that outrageous behaviour from your staff. It’s disgusting how he was treated." Express.co.uk have gone to Showmasters for comment.