New laws propose that the animals will be formally recognised as a native species in England. 400 years ago, beavers were often hunted for their meat and fur, and are now seen in limited numbers.  Nearly 800 beavers are thought to be living in the wild, with the animals often being found near rivers. Due to illegal releases and official reintroduction enclosures, the number of beavers has increased significantly in recent years. The legislation was announced by the Government yesterday and is set to come into force on October 1. The new laws further make it illegal to damage beavers’ breeding sites.  England is following in Scotland’s footsteps with the new move, as offenders can face up to two years in prison after laws introduced by the Scottish Government in 2019. Conservationists welcomed the move, as Craig Bennett, chief executive of the Wildlife Trusts, said: “The widespread return of wild beavers can be a game changer for restoring lost wetlands, benefiting all kinds of wildlife, and also people by reducing the risk of flooding. “We're delighted to see the Government give beavers the vital protections they deserve. Bringing back wild beavers isn't just a dream, it is a critical part of addressing the climate and nature crises. “It is important that guidance is now developed quickly to bring farmers and landowners on board with reintroductions of these brilliant animals, providing reassurance and, crucially, incentives to make space for beavers on their land.”  READ MORE: Carer offered disabled woman dog biscuits in 'wilful abuse' A national beaver strategy is expected to come into place, which wildlife groups are hoping will pave the way for licensed breeders to reintroduce beavers into the wild. The Environment Department confirmed that the new legislation has been put in place. Sandra King, Beaver Trust chief executive, said it was “a huge relief for the restoration of beavers in England that the Government has seen sense and that this is going ahead as planned”. She said: “We look forward to working with our colleagues in the Wildlife Trusts and other organisations to welcome these fantastic ecosystem engineers back to our land as soon as possible.”  DON'T MISS:Solar storm warning as ‘canyon of fire’ to slam into Earth IN HOUR [INSIGHT]Energy crisis lifelines: Millions of Britons can slash bills by £1,878 [COMMENT]Solar storm alert: Radio blackouts feared as huge flare heads to Earth [PICTURES] Dr Roisin Campbell-Palmer, Beaver Trust restoration manager, added: “Official recognition that the beaver has returned to Britain is key, though it is vital that a national strategy provides a platform for the continued restoration of this native species to ensure healthy and connected populations so that our wider society and landscapes benefit. “The return of the beaver has captured public attention and imagination, though there are challenges to a smaller percentage of landowners which require support to encourage coexistence and implement mitigation as required.” The Government said the new laws allow more control to manage the release of Eurasian beavers into the wild. Tony Juniper, chairman of government conservation agency Natural England, said: “This is a significant moment for beaver recovery, as we see a return of this species to its natural places in England. Beavers play important roles in making ecosystems functions properly, helping to store and slow the flow of water through the building of dams and creation of complex wetlands, which in turn can reduce the impact of both floods and droughts, thereby assisting with adaptation to climate change. "Those wetlands also catch carbon and aid the recovery of a wide range of other species. We are working closely with landowners, environmentalists and other stakeholders to develop practical guidance to ensure these wonderful animals are able to thrive in suitable habitats alongside people across England.” 