Bargain Hunt's Roo Irvine spends a lot of time touring with the show and whilst her surroundings may be constantly changing, there are a few non-negotiable items she likes to indulge in when she gets a minute of alone time. "Mayonnaise, I could bathe in it," the antique expert and TV personality revealed when exposing her life's guilty pleasures. Speaking about her time on Bargain Hunt, Roo went on to share a long list of things she values in her downtime, that's few and far between due to the busy schedule. Aside from the eggy spread, the presenter enjoys 1920s New Orleans jazz music and cooking. Despite the age-old saying, Roo doesn't believe pleasures should be guilty at all and said she goes for what she wants, when she wants it. READ MORE: Stranger Things season 4 volume 2 release time: What time is it out? "A friend once said, there is no such thing as a guilty pleasure, only pleasure!" she told the BBC. "As I get older and life gets busier, solitude and ‘downtime’ become such rare treasures that I hanker for that every now and again!" With filming schedules for the BBC One regular fixture leaving her running on empty, how does the star make time for indulgence? That's where her recent discovery of the spa and appreciation for the simple life has saved her, she said. "Solitude and downtime are so rare, and having recently discovered the world of the spa, switching off and just floating is amazing for resetting my equilibrium. "At home though, jazz music and a good book, with our two cats snuggled up beside me has to be the simplest, but loveliest pleasure. "Throw in a crackling log-fire and some smoked salmon and I’m in heaven!" DON'T MISS...Bargain Hunt’s Roo Irvine opens up on ‘heart-breaking change in family [INSIGHT]Roo Irvine height: How tall is the Bargain Hunt expert? [INSIGHT]Roo Irvine opens up on biggest challenge of new Bargain Hunt role [INSIGHT] Roo joined the Bargain Hunt cast in 2019 and quickly won over the nation's favour. The story of how she made the switch from marketing to antiques only makes audiences warm to her more, as they sympathise with her heartbreak and need for a fresh start. "A big, heart-breaking change in family circumstances a few years ago, made [me] step away from life for a while," she explained. "When [I] resurfaced, [I] opened a small antiques shop in the village and one day Antiques Road Trip came visiting with Paul Laidlaw. "I was asked to join the team, and the rest is history," she shared. Starting her journey with Antiques Road Trip began her life on the road and just two years later she was called up to hunt for bargains on the classic BBC One show. Over the years she's come across some great items and she shared details about her favourite find. "A 12-pc set of Art Deco/ Cubist animal figure knife-rests. They were such a lovely collection of 12, and you don’t often find items like that on a daily basis!" Catch Roo in action on Bargain Hunt on BBC One or iPlayer.