Katie Boulter can help make history for Great British tennis players today when she takes on Harmony Tan. The 25-year-old has overcome an injury-ravaged few years to achieve her career-best run at Wimbledon so far in reaching the third round. British players in general have enjoyed great success at this year's Championships with 10 players making it through to the second round for the first time since 1984. The likes of Emma Raducanu, Andy Murray and Harriet Dart fell at that hurdle, but Boulter rose to the occasion in her match against No 6 seed Karolina Pliskova. She now faces Tan, who hit the headlines with her first-round victory against Serena Williams in a three-hour epic battle. The French tennis ace then beat Sara Sorribes Tormo in her second-round match to set up a clash with Boulter. The Brit will be hoping to join Cameron Norrie and Heather Watson in reaching the fourth round of Wimbledon. And she can help create even more history for Brits with Liam Broady also in third-round action today. JUST IN: Wimbledon order of play: Nadal, Kyrgios and Boulter play on Day 6  If both Brits win, it will be the first time since 1979 that Britain has had three or more players through to the last-16 of Wimbledon in singles. Boulter is under no illusion of the task ahead of her though having watched Tan's epic win over Williams earlier in the week. "I actually watched her match against Serena. She makes it very difficult," Boulter said. "There's a reason she's beaten some really good players this week. I expect nothing less than her to go out there and enjoy herself when I play her. "It's going to be a tough battle. But ultimately I'm just going to go out and enjoy myself and play some good tennis hopefully." Watson also admitted after her win over Kaja Juvan that the Brits are more of a close-knit group than ever this week and they're all spurring each other on. DON'T MISS  "I'm a massive tennis fan, Wimbledon fan," she said. "All day I'm there watching matches, even when I'm waiting to go on court on the BBC iPlayer. It's great. You can watch all of them. "Yeah, watching Liam's match yesterday as well, and Katie's on Centre. Cam, he's always there, always doing great every week. Just over the grass court period in general, so many players have done really well. "We're a little tight-knit group, so we're a lot closer and very supportive of each other. Seeing them do well definitely spurs me on."