Limescale build-ups typically occur in bathrooms when water evaporates from fixtures and fittings, leaving behind minerals which combine to form limescale. Marks and stains can be particularly noticeable in hard water areas, where there is a higher content of magnesium and calcium. Paul Bailey, leader of product Management at water and housing products firm LIXIL EMENA and GROHE UK, told Express.co.uk: “Every time water is left on a surface within your bathroom, it can lead to unsightly limescale deposits, making fixtures and fittings look less than sparkling. “This is especially noticeable in hard water areas, where the water contains a higher amount of calcium carbonate. It’s always better to prevent the problem before it starts.” While there are numerous products available to buy that all boast the ability to cut through limescale in a flash, some people prefer to use all-natural, homemade cleaning methods instead. Express.co.uk spoke with some experts to find out some of the best ways to clean limescale from your bathroom’s metal fixtures and fittings. READ MORE: Easy way to clean pillows without a washing machine The best way to stop water marks from causing an unsightly mess in your bathroom is by preventing them from building up in the first place. According to Mr Bailey, the solution could be as simple as keeping a microfibre cloth close to hand. He explained: “Once limescale deposits occur, they can be tricky to get rid of, so keep a microfibre cloth handy in the bathroom to wipe away any water from taps and shower fittings as soon as possible. “This will go a long way to help avoid any limescale build-up. “In most cases, regular cleaning with a little gentle soap, warm water and a microfibre cloth is all that’s needed to keep dirt at bay. “Rinse off and dry with a soft cloth.” When it comes to shower heads, the type of nozzle you have could make all of the difference. Mr Bailey continued: “Limescale can easily clog up a shower head, leaving you with a disappointing dribble rather than a refreshing soak. “Regular cleaning and drying is the best way to keep it at bay, but if you’re thinking of replacing your shower head, look out for designs which feature flexible nozzles to help prevent build-up and are easier to clean. “GROHE offer many showerheads with their integrated ‘SpeedClean nozzles’ which make it easy to quickly brush limescale away.” Cleaning influencer and self-proclaimed “Method addict” Steve, who posts under the Instagram and TikTok username @cleaningandme, said the “best trick” for removing stubborn watermarks is simply by using a multi-surface cleaning product. He explained: “The best trick for removing those stubborn watermarks on bathroom fixtures is to use your favourite multi-surface cleaning product, applied neat. “My personal favourite for the bathroom is method’s ‘refreshing’ multi-surface concentrate, which is lotus flower and sage scented – just add a few drops to a wet cloth and gently wipe for a quick and easy clean. “Your bathroom will be so happy, you might even hear your bathroom taps doing a little tap dance.” Regardless of the product you prefer to use, Mr Bailey from LIXIL EMENA AND GROHE, says it is vital you pay attention to its ingredients. He said: “If you do see chalky white limescale spots starting to appear, source specially-formulated product which will clean the surface gently, without leaving any mark or damaging fixtures. “Steer clear of harsh chemical cleaners which can damage the finish, as well as being harmful to the planet. Abrasive scourers are best avoided too.” DON'T MISSParacetamol: Toilet signs that ‘require immediate attention' [EXPLAINER]Key area to clean to stop washing machine smelling 'Cleaner & fresher' [COMMENT]How often should you clean a microwave? [INSIGHT] While there are plenty of products out there which are built specifically to clean limescale, if you’re trying to move away from the amount of chemicals you use in your home, there are some more natural alternatives. Mark Fullilove, digital marketing manager at Sanctuary Bathrooms told Express.co.uk: “As such, we would always recommend following the manufacturer advice in the first instance for cleaning, which is with warm, hot soapy water. “A home hack that can help with limescale is a cloth with lemon juice or vinegar.” In order to clean your metal fixtures this way, simply begin by soaking an old cloth in lemon juice or vinegar, and then wrapping it around the time. Mr Fullilove said: “Make sure all of the metal is in contact with the liquid and simply leave it to soak for up to one hour. “You can rinse and repeat if necessary but you should find your tap is back to its original, sparkling self without much effort.” For extra shine, he recommends rubbing throne taps with flour and then buffing using a soft cloth. However, the expert added: “We would always advise that this is very much at your own risk, and it is always worth checking with the manufacturer for better advice.”