Rishi Sunak, Liz Truss, Penny Mordaunt and Kemi Badenoch kept their place in the competition after the third-round ballot knocked out Tom Tugendhat. Former Chancellor Mr Sunak has led the votes, leading again on Monday, July 18, with 115 votes. He is just five votes away from the 120 threshold to see him automatically placed into the final. THIS POLL IS NOW CLOSED – PLEASE CHECK BACK HERE FOR THE RESULTS SHORTLY Trade Minister Ms Mordaunt lost one vote since the second-round ballot but remained in second place with 82 votes. READ MORE: Labour's bid to oust Boris from No10 tonight FLOPS after PM humiliated Starmer in Commons Foreign Secretary Ms Truss gained seven votes since the last round, with a total of 71. Former equalities minister Ms Badenoch also saw her campaign gain momentum, gaining nine votes, giving her a total of 58. Chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee Mr Tugendhat received just 31 votes – seeing him knocked out. In his final message to Tory MPs, Mr Tugendhat warned that the party was on the brink of “a 1997-style wipeout in the next election”. He said: “The country is looking for a change, looking for a break from the past – and if we can’t deliver that change, then Labour will, the threat we face is existential.” The remaining candidates are preparing for the fourth round of voting later today. Tory MPs will vote again on Tuesday, July 19 from 1pm to 3pm, with another hopeful eliminated from the contest. Results will be announced by chair of the 1922 committee Sir Graham Brady at 4pm. DON'T MISS: Leadership is Rishi Sunak's to lose as he gets Brexiteer vote [LATEST]Have Your Say: Should the next PM raise taxes or lower them? [REACT]Huge cost of Boris's interim Government exposed -eye-watering salaries [REPORT] The candidates will be hoping to increase their support from the MPs who backed Mr Tugendhat. The final three contenders will face a fifth ballot on Wednesday, July 20 with the final two confirmed by the end of the day. The two candidates will carry out hustings over the summer and a final result from the Conservative Party is expected to be announced on September 5. So what do YOU think? Who would you drop in the next round of voting for Tory leader? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below.