Dame Deborah James, who became known as Bowelbabe, her social media handle, died last month aged 40 after being diagnosed with bowel cancer in 2016. The funeral of the podcast host will take place on Wednesday. Close friends and family are expected to attend the private service in her memory. The former deputy headteacher was diagnosed with bowel cancer in 2016 and subsequently kept her nearly one million Instagram followers up to date with her treatments. Dame Deborah revealed in May she had stopped active treatment and was seeing out her final days at her parents’ home in Woking. She received end-of-life care with her husband, Sebastien, and their two children, by her side. READ MORE: Victoria Beckham offers support to Mia Regan after unexpected 'split' In her final months, the mother-of-two raised almost £7 million for research, with the amount climbing further following her death. The You, Me and The Big C podcast host was made a dame for her “tireless” work improving awareness of the disease, with the honour conferred by the Duke of Cambridge, who joined her family for afternoon tea and champagne at home. Her death was announced on June 28 with a message saying she had died peacefully, surrounded by her family. A candid message read: "Dame Deborah James.   "We are deeply saddened to announce the death of Dame Deborah James; the most amazing wife, daughter, sister, mummy. Deborah passed away peacefully today, surrounded by her family. "Deborah, who many of you will know as Bowelbabe, was an inspiration and we are incredibly proud of her and her work and commitment to charitable campaigning, fundraising and her endless efforts to raise awareness of cancer that touched so many lives." The message continued: "Deborah shared her experience with the world to raise awareness, break down barriers, challenge taboos and change the conversation around cancer. Even in her most challenging moments, her determination to raise money and awareness was inspiring. "We thank you for giving us time in private as a family, and we look forward to continuing Deborah’s legacy long into the future through the @bowelbabefund." DON'T MISS... Courteney Cox stuns in makeup-free outing amid surgery regrets[LATEST]Naga Munchetty replaced on BBC as host urged to 'call' presenter[TV]Adele looks loved up in Italy with boyfriend in romantic getaway[PICTURES] It finished: "Thank you for playing your part in her journey, you are all incredible. "And a few final things from Deborah…'find a life worth enjoying; take risks; love deeply; have no regrets; and always, always have rebellious hope. And finally, check your poo – it could just save your life.' x" William and Kate, charities, celebrities and many whose lives have been affected by cancer shared tributes. The bowel cancer campaigner has been named one of the most influential women in Britain.  She has been named on the Vogue 25 list, which the fashion magazine says celebrates women who are "excelling in all corners of life".  Ms Nazanin Zagahri-Radcliffe, 44, the journalist freed in March after being detained for six years in Iran accused of plotting to overthrow the government, is also listed.  She appears alongside tennis star Emma Raducanu and the Queen.  The full list will feature in Vogue's August issue. 