Shamed former Conservative MP Neil Parish stunned viewers when he was interviewed outside Westminster by Susanna Reid and Ed Balls on Wednesday's instalment of Good Morning Britain. Parish, who resigned as an MP earlier this year after admitting to watching porn in the House of Commons, weighed in on the latest major resignations under the Prime Minister's rule which infuriated many ITV viewers. The 66-year-old ex-MP told Reid and Balls any other Prime Minister "would have gone by now" if they were in Johnson's position. Parish reminded viewers he resigned after watching porn in the chamber twice which he has publicly described as a "moment of madness". He warned it was only a matter of time before Johnson's replaced as head of the Conservative Party. He added: "It's about the country, it's about integrity and it's about making sure we are a Government that actually helps people through the cost of living crisis. READ MORE: ‘Let me answer!’ Raab snaps at BBC’s Jon Kay in angry clash "Our businesses are facing huge costs and the economy is in trouble and it's horrendous to lose the Chancellor at this stage." Sunak quit his position as the Chancellor on Tuesday night and will be replaced by Education Secretary Nadhim Zahawi. Parish continued: "We will also lose a Prime Minister, it's not a case of if but when." "We have got to have some integrity and we have got to have some truth, he added. Many viewers hit out over the interview with Stella Morrall tweeting: "#GMB sorry am I hallucinating or have you got Neil Parish on an interview? Why are you giving him air time?! This is a joke." Sian Humphreys added: "It’s saying something when Neil Parish is the best you’ve got for a debate this morning. Either the Tories are a colossal shambles or GMB can’t get the guests #GMB." @Mrtweetings remarked: "Is the point of this interview that if Parish thinks Johnson is bad then he is bad?! Scrape the bottom of the barrel why don't you #GMB." (sic) Sarah Tomes added: "Did Neil Parish just say that his porn watching in Parliament 'captured the nation's imagination'? Did I catch that right? #gmb." DON'T MISS...'You always do this' Raab slams Susanna Reid in fiery Pincher row [LATEST]Susanna Reid heartbroken as Logan Mwangi’s dad reflects on son’s death [UPDATE]Susanna Reid responds as Quince interview branded ‘absolute disgrace' [INSIGHT] However, Kate commented: "#GMB Neil Parish is getting some of his reputation back this morning." Jess quipped: "Neil Parish is poising himself for I'm A Celeb isn't he? #GMB." A key point in Sunak's resignation letter, which was released on Tuesday night, was that he felt Johnson's approach to the economy was "fundamentally too different" to his. The letter read: "To leave ministerial office is a serious matter at any time. For me to step down as chancellor while the world is suffering the economic consequences of the pandemic, the war in Ukraine and other serious challenges is a decision that I have not taken lightly. "However, the public rightly expect government to be conducted properly, competently and seriously. I recognise this may be my last ministerial job, but I believe these standards are worth fighting for and that is why I am resigning." Former Health Secretary Javid said in his resignation letter voters now believe Johnson's administration was neither competent nor “acting in the national interest”. Minister for Children Will Quince and parliamentary private secretary to the Department for Transport Laura Trott also resigned on Wednesday morning. Good Morning Britain continues on weekdays from 6am on ITV.