An ITV News crew were forced to flee during a filmed report on the frontline of the war in Ukraine, as terrifying footage of the encounter emerged. Footage filmed by ITV News captured the moment they were forced to flee from the frontline as Russian shelling landed just 600 metres away. The news crew were embedded with a Ukrainian army unit near Kharkiv as they tested out new weapons from NATO. The report showed the Ukrainians deploying the state-of-the-art Howitzer M777 long-range weapon. The British-designed weapon is regarded as the best of its kind. The long-range weapon is "lighter, more precise and can fire further than anything the Ukrainians had before the war began". However, the Russians fired back at the Ukrainian soldiers, with sounds of nearby shelling heard getting closer in the TV report. JUST IN: Biden tries to 'shake hands with thin air' as gaffes dominate trip  The ITV's news crew, including reporter John Irvine, were then forced to flee to safety. Mr Irvine sums it up: "The priority for the Ukrainians was to get their precious Howitzer to safety. We had to leg it!" He added that everyone got away "unscathed" from the Russian attack. The ITV News reporter discussed how the Russians have a 10 to one advantage when it comes to artillery, while the Ukrainians have better quality weapons.  Speaking to ITV News, one Ukrainian commander in the Donas region was asked about the "most satisfying" target in war. Unit commander Sasha responded: "The most satisfying target is the one that is confirmed destroyed and, of course, enemy artillery. "If we silence their guns, it means our infantry unit have a few days when they are much safer." DON'T MISS: Putin humiliated: Defiant Ukrainians force Russian retreat [VIDEO]Tory leadership LIVE: Shocking new favourite emerges [LIVE BLOG]Boris Johnson still flying high in the polls on visit to RAF base [POLL]  This comes as the British chief of the defence staff, Admiral Sir Tony Radakin, claimed that Russia has lost more than 30 percent of its land combat effectiveness. Speaking to BBC One’s Sunday Morning show, the defence chief said that Ukraine’s army “absolutely” believes it will win the war. He explained: “They are absolutely clear that they plan to restore the whole of their territory in terms of Ukraine. "They see a Russia that is struggling, a Russia that we assess has lost more than 30 percent of its land combat effectiveness." READ NEXT: Putin humiliated: Defiant Ukrainians force Russian retreatPutin to 'dip EU into recession' with complete Russian gas cut offRussia preparing ‘next stage of offensive’Ukrainian teenager, 17, abandons battle for UK visa due to red tapePutin disaster as Russians in cities ‘avoiding military call-up’ 