Friday marks what would have been Diana, Princess of Wales and Prince Charles’ 41st wedding anniversary. In front of 3,500 wedding guests, and an estimated television audience of 750 million across the globe, the couple tied the knot. They chose St Paul’s Cathedral as the backdrop for their nuptials and thousands of well-wishers gathered on the streets of London to get a glimpse of the heir and his bride. There was a lot riding on the Prince and Princess of Wales’ union. Charles, a then-32-year-old bachelor, felt growing pressure to find a wife and produce heirs to the British throne. With the event described as the wedding of the century, it is unsurprising that the 20-year-old Lady Diana Spencer felt nervous to walk down the aisle and say: “I do”. In fact, Diana was so nervous that she stumbled on her vows, calling her husband to be “Philip” rather than “Charles”. READ MORE: Camilla and Charles mocked by Princess Diana over infamous lewd chat: ‘In fits of giggles’ A recent Channel 5 documentary entitled ‘Funniest Royal Cock-Ups’ used old footage of the wedding, which captured Diana making the awkward mistake. With all eyes on the husband-and-wife-to-be, the then-Archbishop of Canterbury, Robert Runcie, asked Diana to repeat after him, saying: “I, Diana Frances…Take thee Charles Philip George.” However, instead, Diana said: “I, Diana Frances…Take thee Philip Charles George.” The documentary’s narrator, royal expert Gyles Brandreth said: “She royally cocked that up,” later joking, “at least no one noticed.” At the time, the BBC referred to the error as an easy mistake, stating: “Wedding day nerves were apparent during the ceremony. Diana mixed up the Prince’s names, calling him Philip Charles Arthur George, rather than Charles Philip”. And it wasn’t just Diana whose nerves got the better of them. According to royal author Sally Bedell Smith, Charles also stumbled on his words. In her 2017 book, ‘Prince Charles: The Passions and Paradoxes of an Improbable Life’, Ms Bedell Smith claimed that the Prince of Wales said “thy goods” instead of “my worldly goods” in his vows. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan and Harry row over announcement [LIVE] Royal POLL: Should Prince Andrew continue to push for royal return? [VOTE] Sophie Wessex's popularity plummets in latest Royal Family poll [REVEAL] The prince also forgot to kiss his new bride after the pair had exchanged their vows, but their improvised — now-iconic — kiss on the Buckingham Palace balcony inspired future royal couples: Prince Andrew and Sarah Ferguson followed suit in 1986, and Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge actually kissed twice on the balcony following their 2011 ceremony. Both Charles and Diana had expressed doubts about their relationship ahead of the wedding. According to Robert Jobson, author of ‘King Charles: The Man, the Monarch, and the Future of Britain’, Charles only proposed to Diana after receiving a memo from his father Prince Philip. The Duke of Edinburgh instructed his long-time bachelor son to either marry Diana or move on. In his book, Jobson quoted Charles, who reportedly said to a friend: “To have withdrawn, as you can no doubt imagine, would have been cataclysmic. "Hence I was permanently between the devil and the deep blue sea." Their now-infamous engagement interview could have forecasted trouble ahead. When the interviewer asked if the pair were in love, the future princess replied: “Of course.” But the prince simply said: “Whatever love means.”  Speaking to Fox News in 2017, Andrew Morton — a friend and biographer of Diana — claimed that Charles had shown the same lacklustre sentiments to his bride in private. He revealed that when Charles asked if Diana would marry him, he responded to her confession of love with the same underwhelming words. Mr Morton said: “Prince Charles, even in the privacy of that moment, said, ‘Whatever love means.’ He added: “So you have to ask yourself, did he really have any kind of genuine feeling for Diana or was she, as she felt herself, a sacrificial lamb … producing an heir and a spare and then being discarded?” The week of the wedding, Diana learned that her husband-to-be had given a gift to Camilla Parker Bowles, the prince’s friend, mistress and now-wife.  Mr Morton claimed that Diana told her sisters that she wanted to call off the wedding. They, in turn, insisted it was too late to back out. So, on July 29 1981, the reluctant couple wed, making Diana the first British citizen to marry an heir to the throne in over three centuries. In hindsight, the couple’s nervous mistakes at the altar could have been a harbinger of the couple’s future marital woes. After years of enduring a relationship, Diana and Charles officially separated in 1992; they divorced four years later with the blessing of Queen Elizabeth II.