Frenkie de Jong has 10 reasons for not wanting to join Manchester United, according to reports. The Barcelona star has been Erik ten Hag’s top summer target so far. However, a deal to take the 25-year-old to Old Trafford currently appears unlikely given how the midfielder is reluctant to leave his current environment. It emerged on Saturday that De Jong didn’t want to join United, despite the Red Devils aggressively pursuing a deal throughout the summer so far. And, now, Sport have listed 10 reasons why the Netherlands international doesn’t want to join. De Jong has recently purchased a house in Barcelona, where he’s settled following his arrival from Ajax back in the summer transfer window of 2019. His partner, Mikky Kiemeney, love the city and has ‘strong links’ there too. She’s reluctant to uproot to England, with the couple described as ‘extremely happy’ where they are. De Jong’s dream club is Barcelona, something he’s never hidden or shied away from saying throughout his time there. United’s lack of Champions League football is another factor, with De Jong feeling he needs to play in that competition during the peak years of his career. Man Utd transfers: The mouthwatering XI to tackle Brighton with 5 new signings He’s said to respect the club but also thinks they’re ‘jinxed’, having last won a trophy back in 2017 - when Jose Mourinho was manager. De Jong isn’t tempted to move to Manchester due to the weather, too, with Barcelona certainly having a better climate in comparison to England. The Netherlands international is determined to play under Xavi at Barcelona, believing he can adapt to the Spaniard’s demands. He also has a good salary at Barcelona, making it ‘difficult’ for other clubs to match what he currently pockets. De Jong feels a ‘campaign’ has been created to try and get him out of the exit door - which has only fuelled his motivation to stay. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Man Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leave Man Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong And he’s also said to ‘regret’ the movements behind his back, with his agent doing the talking with United rather than the player himself. With De Jong reluctant to leave Barcelona, it seems like the Red Devils will be forced to look at other targets. Youri Tielemans could be appealing, with the Belgium star having just a year left on his Leicester contract to run. Ruben Neves may be pursued, though Wolves have long made it clear they’d want £100million in order to let the Portugal international go. United have missed out on a deal for Kalvin Phillips, with the England midfielder leaving Leeds for Manchester City instead. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. And while they’ve long liked Declan Rice, there’s a sense West Ham would flatly refuse to let their midfield maestro leave the London Stadium this term. Regarding De Jong, meanwhile, former United star Teddy Sheringham recently opened up on the 25-year-old. And he expressed doubts over whether the Barcelona star would be the right signing for his old club to make. “He hasn't played in the Premier League and has been playing for Barcelona, who are expected to pretty much beat nearly every other team,” he said. “Many of Barca’s domestic opponents roll over for them throughout the season. That doesn’t happen in the Premier League - every game is a battle.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And he added: “The pace and quality of the league could be a shock to the system for ten Hag and a player like de Jong. “United could have a season of absolute chaos again next year.” If De Jong does move to England, he’ll become the ninth player to play for both United and their La Liga rivals. Henrik Larsson, Mark Hughes, Laurent Blanc, Jordi Cruyff, Gerard Pique, Victor Valdes, Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Alexis Sanchez have turned out for both teams over the years. However, a deal now looks dead in the water if the latest developments are to be taken seriously.