Getting them to nap at their usual time (44 percent), adjusting to any change in temperature (35 percent), and getting them to sleep in their own cot or bed (36 percent) – instead of jumping in with mum or dad – are among the challenges parents face. And over a third (35 percent) struggle with being away from their usual amenities – limited by things like hotel kettles, and a lack of preparation facilities for mealtimes. Celebrity mum Millie Mackintosh, who has partnered with Aptamil Follow On Milk Tabs to launch its Hack the Holidays campaign, said: “I know travelling with babies can be hard. “My Aurelia loves her routine, so any break from that – whether a different environment, nap or feed time – can be unsettling. “Holidays and days out can be such a precious time with little ones, so anything that can help save time and help you relax in the process is priceless.” The study also found 29 percent of those planning to travel with their young child are dreading the first flight or long car journey with them. When it comes to flights, the top worries included their youngster being noisy and disturbing other passengers (60 percent), while three in ten (31 percent) are apprehensive when it comes to the thought of juggling all their luggage and their child. Others are concerned about long passport control queues (48 percent), and getting bags checked at security (22 percent) with their child. The research, conducted via OnePoll, also found parents will spend the equivalent of seven hours – one working day – preparing their little one for family trips away. But, despite the stress, 41 percent said a summertime excursion is the thing they are most looking forward to with their child. And over half (51 percent) think summer holidays, whether home or away, are some of the most precious family moments. Julia Lowbridge, spokeswoman for Aptamil Follow On Milk Tabs, said: “With three young children of my own, I know first-hand that getting ready for a summer trip is a big deal. “With many different situations to plan for, anything that makes life that little bit easier is very welcome.”