Sam Heughan starred as the stoic Scottish warrior on Starz’s hit romantic series, Outlander. Although the season six finale left fans on the edge of their seats, many have looked to the future and could see the actor playing the next James Bond. As the rumours swirled around about the potential portrayal, Heughan finally addressed its possibility.  Outlander fans were first introduced to Jamie Fraser in 2014 and throughout the years, Heughan portrayed the character as a powerful leader who would eliminate any threat. He quickly became a fan-favourite as the series gained sudden worldwide recognition for its enthralling adaptation of Diana Gabaldon’s novel series. However, Heughan’s success didn’t start with the time-travelling series, as he first made a name for himself in the theatre before venturing into British television screens. Which came with various appearances on tv series and soaps such as Doctors, River City and Midsommer Murders.  READ MORE: 'You need to be professional!' Helen Skelton's scolding over blunder With a ton of experience under his belt and fans across the world rooting for his success, many have thrown his name into the mix as a hopeful for the next James Bond. During his interview with Gold Derby, Heughan addressed the rumours and revealed he would take the role if it was offered to him. The actor disclosed: “It’s one of those things people mention, every British actor gets talked to about it. “I don’t know, I would never say never.”  He admitted: “I rewatched the recent one and really enjoyed it.” The 42-year-old remarked: “Skyfall is amazing, but then again I did that SAS movie a little while back, I really enjoyed that and that had a flavour of Bond in it.” “I don’t know, I’m sure there’s other projects out there that I’d love to try but if they want to throw the Aston Martin my way, I’m more than happy to,” Heughan concluded. While he does spend the majority of his career on the screens, the actor has ventured out into different businesses and established a number of charitable organisations. DON'T MISS...Outlander continuity error: How old is Young Ian supposed to be? [BLUNDER]Sam Heughan movies and TV shows: What else has actor starred in? [INSIGHT]Cesar Domboy nationality: Where was Fergus Fraser star born? [INSIGHT]  In March 2020, he launched his first whisky brand, The Sassench, a name which paid homage the Outlander series. Despite being new on the market and estimated to be released in the US and Canada later this year, the spirit gained recognition and became award-winning. As Sassench won double gold at the San Francisco World Spirits Competition (SFWSC) for the third year running. During an interview with The National, Heughan revealed he had previously auditioned for the 007 role of James Bond.  He stated: “ I did audition for it, back when they were doing Bond 21, Casino Royale. “But I was quite young then, I was like twenty-something. It was when Daniel Craig got the role. "And I think, initially at least, they were going to go younger; to go back to when Bond was like 20-years-old. “I actually feel like that’s what they might do next — do an origin story, which would be pretty cool.” Outlander is available on Starz in the US and on Starzplay in the UK. 