Russia's President Vladimir Putin "hates" Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky for having survived a failed "decapitation" attempt coup in the early days of the war, Australian Labour MP Michael Danby said. The MP also warned Putin is now shifting the war effort from the battlefield to getting President Zelensky eliminated. Russian troops reportedly tried to storm the Kyiv Government centre in late April with the apparent aim of capturing and killing the Ukrainian President and his family - and could try again. Sky News Australia TV host began by saying: "It looks like now Michael the goal is less about winning the whole territory of Ukraine, perhaps keeping the territory that they’ve got, but really going after President Zelensky. "This is getting really personal," she added. MP Michael Danby said: "It is. They hate him because he survived the capitation that they wanted in the first three days (of the war). "He’s united the whole world. "I’ve never seen a country with so much international support." MP Michael Danby said: "The problem is that after the midterms, I hope some of the Tucker Carlson Republicans aren’t going to say drawback on aid to Ukraine," "Because they’re just starting to use those HIMARS and win. "The Ukrainian war aim has to be – whatever the Russian war aim is – to get the Russians away from the Black Sea and the Azov Sea, so they can resume being a normal country, having trade with all of their sunflower and wheat.” In the early days of the war, Ukrainian Minister of Information Policy Oleksandr Tkachenko warned that Kremlin bots would throw spins at Ukrainians to sap the population’s morale. Since then, President Zelensky has had to fight against disinformation – one claimed he had surrendered to Russian authorities. READ MORE: Russia sparks ISS horror as NASA warning over 'early demise' To counter Russian propaganda and disinformation, President Zelensky has consistently given late-night addresses to the Ukrainian people on social media where he informs the population of the state of the war. The new epicentre of the war is now in the eastern Donbas region and southern Ukraine. After Russian troops took full control of the Luhansk province – one of the Donbas’ two provinces – Ukrainian forces are now reversing the tide and taking back control of occupied territories. Ukrainians are reportedly striking a bridge in the occupied southwestern city of Kherson with a barrage of rocket fire. Outside the battlefield, Vladimir Putin is waging a war of influence in Africa, which is suffering from Putin’s famine threat. Some African countries are highly dependent on Ukrainian grain to feed their population. DON'T MISS:Putin's masterplan exposed as Russia courts African allies [REVEAL]Putin rubs hands with glee as EU sanctions BACKFIRE [ANALYSIS]Ukraine on tenterhooks over fears Russia mines deal to backfire [REPORT] Putin’s Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov is on a tour of African countries, spreading the Kremlin narrative that grain blockades in Ukrainian ports are the result of Western sanctions against Russia. French President Emmanuel Macron is trying to counter the Kremlin’s propaganda on his own African tour, warning African leaders against Vladimir Putin’s false narrative. Ukraine’s navy has confirmed on Facebook that “work has been resumed in the ports of Odesa, Chornomorsk, and Pivdeny” to unblock ports for the export of grain. READ NEXT:Viktor Orbán faces revolt over 'Nazi diatribe' as key aide quitsPutin mouthpieces unveil new plan to interfere in US voteUkraine LIVE: Russian families pull rug from under Putin as they de...Gas price surge: Costs skyrocket to 4 times higher than last year a...Putin to meet with Erdogan in Sochi