The hot weather provides the perfect environment for unpleasant pests to thrive, and maggots are just one of many dreaded bugs which will make an appearance in household bins. Checking your bin regularly is the best way to stop an infestation of maggots in their tracks, but what else can you do to keep them out of your household waste bins for good? These are the best remedies to help banish maggots lurking on your property this summer. Hot weather can cause a range of issues, and maggots can be one of them - branded by many as a health hazard. User @dilemma1979 tweeted: "With temperatures getting higher each year, the government, councils [sic] need to look at new options for refuse. "Food bins breeding maggots & flies are a health hazard and that's with regularly cleaned bins." So how can you get rid of maggots in your bin? Flies are one of the most common bugs found in summer, but an increasing number of flies also means a higher risk of maggots hatching in your home. Household bins are a particularly attractive place for flies to lay their eggs and can quickly lead to an infestation of small, wriggly maggots in bin bags and even in the bottom of the container. Getting rid of maggots is easier than you may think, and can be done using just a few simple ingredients which you probably already have in the cupboard. READ MORE: 'Energy bill already 50% less': Crucial guidance to keep costs down Houseflies love rotten food and will head straight for a full bin where there’s plenty of waste to feed on and lay eggs. The warm, dark and often damp environment can be hard to keep maggot free, and can only be done with regular checks. As the hot weather continues to blast the UK, the best advice is to check your bin now to look for signs of maggots hatching in your rubbish. Replacing bin bags regularly is crucial to avoid a nasty surprise, so be sure to dispose of household waste as soon as your kitchen bin is full. For outside bins, it is best to ensure there are no splits or tears in bin bags while you wait for them to be collected. In between bin bag changes and rubbish collections, it is recommended that you wash your bin out to remove food deposits and rotting material. This is very easy to do using white vinegar which can be mixed with water and sprayed inside the bin to kill off lingering larvae. In a large spray bottle, mix equal parts white vinegar and water to make the anti-maggot spray. The acidic stench of the vinegar will help to deter any more flies from landing on your bin as well as removing bacteria and dirt. DON'T MISS:Chinese restaurant horror as maggots 'fall from ceiling onto diner' [INSIGHT]‘DISGUSTING!’ Plague of rats descends on London estate [REVEAL]Maggots and insect burgers must be mass produced to fight malnutrition [ANALYSIS] Bleach can also be used to wash out your bins. Just make sure to mix it with water beforehand. For the ultimate germ-killing solution, combine one cup of bleach with your vinegar spray and spritz liberally inside the empty bin. Wash the bin out using clean water and place it upside down until it is completely dry. It is important to always wear gloves while using bleach to avoid irritation or damage to the skin.   Once you’ve got rid of an existing infestation of maggots, it is important to take steps to keep them away - especially while the weather is hot. To do this, you should focus on using fresh scents and cleansing ingredients to minimise the number of flies entering your bins and laying eggs. There are several ways to deter flies and maggots from your bins, including: