The projects chosen will be realised in various forms — from local exhibitions and films to outdoor sculptures and even classes in traditional blacksmithing for teenagers. Following an open call for applications from community and heritage groups back in February, the selected schemes were picked from a pool for more than 500 proposals and each given between £6,000–£25,000 in financial support. Projects were chosen, in particular, for their ability to provide innovative volunteering opportunities for young people or those facing loneliness and isolation — and those that contribute to the wellbeing of participants.  A spokesperson for Historic England said: “Heritage should be for everyone. But not everyone’s stories are told and not everyone’s history is remembered. “The Everyday Heritage Grants continue to address this imbalance by engaging with the widest possible range of heritage. “These community-led and people-focused projects all aim to further the nations’ collective understanding of the past, with a focus on heritage that links people to overlooked historic places and celebrates working-class histories. “Local heritage gives people a sense of pride in place — a cornerstone of the Government’s levelling up agenda — and can act as a powerful catalyst for increasing local opportunities and prosperity.” Heritage Minister Nigel Huddleston said: “This inclusive and accessible project clearly demonstrates that heritage belongs to all of us. “This is a fantastic initiative that will help communities from across England engage with the working-class heritage in their area in new and existing ways.” The funding, he added, will “see these untold stories being put into the spotlight.” According to Historic England, the grants will support their goals for inclusion, diversity and equality and will help ensure that a diverse range of people are able to connect with, benefit from and enjoy the historic environment. READ MORE: The incredible story of the National Trust's Seaton Delaval Hall Among the projects is “Smashing Metal” — a scheme by the Newbigin Community Trust based in Winson Green and Handsworth, Birmingham, to give young people aged 15–19 the opportunity to learn traditional blacksmithing skills. Historic England said: “Blacksmithing was once the mainstay of Birmingham’s economy, leading it to be nicknamed the ‘workshop of the world’.” Funded to the tune of £10,000, the creative project will see participants make jewellery, ornaments and trinkets — before eventually transforming knives donated by the West Midlands Police into a public sculpture to be displayed in the local community. Meanwhile, in Leicester, 2Funky Arts (2FA) will be using a £10,000 grant to explore 50 years of the city’s nightlife, with a focus on music of Black origin, including hip hop, jazz and soul. Volunteers will be creating a portable exhibition of photography and oral histories. DON'T MISS:EU admits humiliating defeat as exports from Brexit Britain soar [REPORT]Mars mystery breakthrough: 'Dark matter’ bacteria in ancient lava cave [ANALYSIS]Russia's plans are now 'doomed' as Putin 'awakens sleeping giant' [INSIGHT] Historic England Chief Executive said: “I’m excited to see the wide range of creative approaches and subjects proposed for Everyday Heritage Grants: Celebrating Working Class Histories. “These community-led projects demonstrate heritage is all around us and accessible to everyone. “They will highlight that wherever people live they are surrounded by historic buildings, landscapes and streets, industrial and coastal heritage.” This, he concluded, “can help bring communities together.”