The extractor fan is often hard at work while you’re cooking, whirring away above the stove to remove airborne grease, combustion products, fumes, smoke, heat, and steam from the air. However, when it comes to deep-cleaning the oven, the extractor fan is one area which can be forgotten about. Although cleaning experts suggest using the dishwasher to clean these filters, not everyone owns them. Therefore I decided to clean my filter by hand using just a dishwater tablet. Dishwasher tablets were designed to tackle hard water, remove stains, and dissolve grease and fat found in protein-based foods — so it shouldn’t be a surprise that they can be used to clean things beyond the dishwasher. Made of concentrated dishwasher detergent, this cleaning product promises to cut through tough grease and leave your dishes sparkling. It makes sense that those powerful cleaning agents work on extractor fan filters too. After recently using a dishwasher tablet to cut through the yellow stains on my pillow, I decided to see if it had the same stains removal power on cooker hood filters. READ MORE: ‘Most interesting combination’ to ‘effectively’ clean oven trays To begin with I boiled some water - just enough to coat the filter in the sink - and removed one of the filters from my extractor fan. As I had put off cleaning them as much as possible, they were extremely greasy. I then placed the filter in the kitchen sink, poured the boiling water in with a dishwasher tablet. The dishwasher tablets I used were Sainsbury’s own brand ‘All In One’ tablets which retails for £3. DON'T MISS: Use ‘candle trick’ for the ‘fastest’ method to banish flies from homes [EXPERT]‘Fastest way’ to ‘kill’ moss without ‘decimating’ your grass for 44p [TIPS]Are there 'criminal plants' in your garden? 9 plants you can’t grow [INSIGHT] As this comes in a pack of 30, this hack only cost me 10p. What’s more, as there are so many tablets, I have more to use on other areas of my home. I left the filter to sit in the water with the dishwasher tablet for two hours to allow the detergent to effectively cut through the grease and grime. Even after 30 minutes the water changed from crystal clear to yellow brownish colour. READ MORE: Cleaning: I used a 13p fruit to remove limescale from my kettle The fat from the filter was also floating on top of the water as I took it out to check on the progress. After taking it out of the water I rinsed it under the tap to find that the stains on the filter were completely gone. The filter looks almost brand new after soaking for two hours with the dishwashing tablet and hot water. I was so amazed with the results, especially as there was no scrubbing involved. To complete the chore, I left the filter to completely air out on the drying rack before fitting it back into the cooker hood. Dishwasher tablets are also known to remove burnt stains from cooking dishes and pans, so it’s no wonder it on cooker filters. They can be purchased from all local supermarkets, but I found Sainsbury’s own brand to be the cheapest. These tablets are definitely a staple in my cleaning cupboard and I continue to use them regularly.