Prince George, who will celebrate his ninth birthday later this week, reportedly takes his role as big brother very seriously. A new video posted by US Weekly discussed the "protective" relationship George has with Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis and how the young royal is preparing for his future within the monarchy. An unnamed source told US Weekly that George is a "hard worker". He was described as "very smart" and at the top of [his] class". Despite this, like many children his age, he "sometimes needs a nudge" to stay on track. The source added: "He's very protective of his younger siblings and goes out of his way to help his mother with the household chores, especially when it earns him extra time on electronics." READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan and Harry's new Netflix plot after Jubilee 'crashed and burned' The insider also claimed that "William and Kate are both so proud of him", adding that the future king is "very sociable". The source described George as "a Daddy's boy". They added that this is "not just their physical appearance', but that the father and son have "got a ton of the same interests and hobbies in common - even helicopters". The video also highlights that although "there are big things in the young royal's future", the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have done an "excellent job" in keeping George very "well-adjusted". READ MORE: Prince Harry to make major announcement TODAY as Duke and Meghan Markle to attend UN event An insider told US Weekly that George is a "very well-grounded [and] down-to-earth" boy and "handles his legacy incredibly well". It is reported that George is very much aware of the future that is ahead of him. A source tells US Weekly that the eight-year-old is "aware that one day he'll be king" and "what this entails". DON'T MISS Royal Family LIVE: Meghan ‘hated comparisons with uncomplaining Kate' [LIVE BLOG]Kensington Palace: The 'sumptuous' home of Kate and William [REVEAL] William and Kate set to be 'summoned' to Windsor by the Queen [INSIGHT] They said that Charles and the Queen "told him from an early age about his destiny". The young prince reportedly borrows history books from his father and loves to hear stories about his ancestors. Sources say he is interested in the history of the Commonwealth nations, as well as the UK. READ NEXT: