And 43 percent want to inject a greater sense of adventure into their lives – but more than a third (34 percent) are held back from acting spontaneously because they like a set routine. The study was commissioned by biscuit maker Carr’s to launch its Deliveroo partnership, which encourages Brits to be a little more spontaneous. Leighton Wall, a spokesman for global snacking company pladis UK&I, said: “Doing something impulsive can bring some much-needed refreshment to your daily routine. “We can see just how little people are letting their hair down and going with the flow. “It’s important to live in the moment and not get too caught up in planning and preparation, and we want to encourage people to do so.” The study also found a third of adults (34 percent) get stressed at the thought of catching up with pals with little notice. And more Brits are looking to boost their spontaneity in day-to-day life – but feel that hosting without notice makes them feel unprepared (37 percent), anxious (36 percent), and pressured (35 percent). And one in five (21 percent) are just too lazy to be unpredictable in their daily routine, while 19 percent are too busy. Almost two-fifths (39 percent) of people who are less likely to act impulsively after the pandemic say this is because they are used to being at home. It also emerged only a third would describe themselves as spontaneous. And nearly half (48 percent) of respondents polled, via OnePoll, wish they could act or do things without forethought. Furthermore, 35 percent of those in a relationship say they would act more impetuously if their partner did the same. The research discovered two-thirds (65 percent) think that the people around you, such as friends or family, can help influence a more unconstrained attitude to life. Despite the findings, four in ten (41 percent) agree that acting spontaneously is a good way to keep life exciting, while 32 percent say it makes them happy. Minco De Boer, spokesman for Deliveroo, added: “Picnics have been a British summer ritual for decades, and rightly so – but we appreciate a top-class picnic with all of the trimmings takes some organisation if you want to do it right.” Clinical psychologist, and advocate for spontaneity, Linda Blair, explained why allowing for spontaneous moments are so good for your wellbeing. She said: “Being spontaneous requires you to focus on how you’re feeling right now, to experience the present moment rather than trying to plan your future or rehash your past. “Research has shown that focusing on the present moment relieves all sorts of mental distress, including anxiety and low mood, and creates a sense of wellbeing and calm. “This feeling can be magnified when sharing a meal, as studies have proved that people who eat with others are happier, feel more satisfied with their lives, and are more likely than others to enjoy a wide and satisfying social network.” The “Carr’s Spontanei-tea Picnic Store” will be available on the Deliveroo website and app for one day each in three locations – Battersea York Road, London (21st July), Manchester (22nd July), and Cambridge (23rd July).