Royal biographer Tom Bower claimed that Prince Charles and the Queen have struggled to contain the "poisonous" rift between the Windsor and the Sussexes as the Palace braces for the release of Prince Harry's tell-all memoir. Mr Bower believes the Prince of Wales and the Queen have "do their best" to try to keep a lid on the row between Meghan and Harry, and the rest of the Royal Family.  "I think it is really toxic, I think they do their best the Windsors, Prince Charles, the Queen to keep it cool but it is just impossible. "Especially with Harry's memoir about to come out. "But ever since Meghan left Britain and then did the Oprah Winfrey it has been really poisonous." The Sussexes flew back to the UK for a brief last month to join celebrations marking the Queen's Platinum Jubilee but the visit failed to produce a wider reconciliation. The couple's absence from the closing pageant outside Buckingham Palace was "telling" according to royal expert Victoria Arbiter, who believes an opportunity to heal the ongoing rift between the Sussexes and the rest of the Royal Family may have been missed. Ms Arbiter told Sunrise: "I think what is quite telling is the fact that Harry and Megan weren't at the concert at the Palace on Saturday night. "They weren't at the pageant, and that speaks to there perhaps being an ongoing frostiness. "This was not the weekend in which there was going to be a lot of time for this family to come together and talk behind the scenes.  "This family needs that private time behind the scenes, but the schedule was just incredibly intense." She added: "So I think some people were hoping that they might stay on a couple of days in order to have some private bonding time with a family and opportunity perhaps to talk through their difficulties. "But Harry and Megan jetted off for California even before the pageant had started on Sundays. "So I think yes, there is ongoing tension, but in order for this to be resolved, all parties are going to want to have to talk and perhaps they're not ready yet." DON'T MISS:Meghan Markle and Prince Harry's home 'targeted by intruders' [ANALYSIS]Harry and Meghan 'on course to cause as much trouble as possible'  [INSIGHT]Royal POLL: Should Meghan and Harry take up Queen's Balmoral invite? [POLL]  The Duke and Duchess of Sussex returned to the royal fold for the Queen's Jubilee celebrations - but their relegated seats were a telling sign of their change in status. Far across the aisle from the Prince of Wales, the Duchess of Cornwall, and the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, Harry and Meghan sat in the second row, behind the Wessex family and the Duke and Duchess of Gloucester. Working royals filled the front-row chairs, meaning there was no place there for Harry and Meghan in the prime positions. They no longer use their HRH styles and the event was their first public appearance alongside the Windsors since they stepped down as senior royals two years ago amid the Megxit storm.