Stepping in for Lorraine Kelly, Christine Lampard hosted the ITV show and chatted to Tom Bower about his book, Revenge: Meghan, Harry and the war between the Windsors. He told Christine he was inspired to write the book following the famous Meghan Markle and Prince Harry interview with Oprah Winfrey, which he labelled "disgraceful". He went on to make several claims about Meghan, calling her "disgraceful" and viewers demanded he be "taken off" the show.  "How toxic do you believe the entire relationship is?" Christine asked, referring to the royals and Meghan and Harry. "Well I think very toxic," the writer replied. "I think they do their best, the Windsors, Prince Charles, The Queen, to keep it cool but it's impossible. "Especially with Harry's memoir about to come out." When asked how his interest in the book started, he explained: "I didn't begin thinking about Meghan until the Oprah Winfrey interview, that's what sparked it. READ MORE: BBC crisis as 300,000 ditch licence fee — financial blackhole looming "I thought that was just such a disgrace. I thought she behaved so badly, and Harry too. "I want to know why and what happened before, what was her life about. "She said so many things which were just untrue and so damaging." While Christine agreed the interview had been "damaging," she pointed out that some would see the book as "biased".  "Well, it's not biased in the sense I do my very best to balance it," Tom stated. Listing Meghan's "positive" attributes, Tom went on to say: "And a lot of good things about Meghan there, you know - she's good-looking, she's determined, she successes in getting a good script with Suits and everything. "She succeeded in getting a man who built her up, what she was looking for all along." It didn't take long for viewers to become furious about Tom's comments. DON'T MISS... Dr Amir Khan jokes ‘I’ll be sacked’ after nude drawings [LATEST]Good Morning Britain viewers fume over Commonwealth error [REACTION]Vanessa Feltz quits Radio 2 after 12 years ‘I need to step down’ [LATEST] Taking to Twitter, Jess posted: “This is such a disturbing watch, get him off #lorraine.” Jordan-Lee complained: “Tom Bower has admitted that he only spoke to people who don’t like Meghan, Duchess of Sussex, so it’s absolutely extraordinary broadcasters would take this as an objective take on what happened #Lorraine #Revenge.” ColRob added: “‘I do my very best to balance it….’ What a load of rubbish…#Lorraine.” Kelly Denise argued: “#lorraine People just making up BS on #MeghanMarkle to make money off her name. “It's just getting ridiculous all these biographers making money by bullying this woman wonder if it was Kate Middleton would we be glorifying a book attacking woman constantly. @GMB.”  Dija raged: “@ITV you’re so spineless having T*m Bower on #Lorraine. "So much for your mental health campaign. Disgraceful.” Madi echoed this, writing: “There's a lot of old white men who are utterly hatefully obsessed with Meghan. “I’ve no idea why @ITV indulge them, followed by adverts proclaiming to support mental health campaigns. Okay. #lorraine.” (sic) Lorraine airs weekdays from 10am on ITV.