In an address to the United Nations general assembly on Monday, July 18, Prince Harry slammed world leaders for a “global assault on democracy and freedom”. He spoke in New York to commemorate the life of Nelson Mandela and criticised many crises the world faces. He described the former South African President as “a man with the weight of the world on his shoulders”, who “endured the very worst of humanity” but was “still able to see the goodness in humanity”. READ MORE: Prince Harry branded 'blinkered young man' as Meghan shuts down 'offensive British banter' The Duke of Sussex told delegates: “This has been a painful year in a painful decade. “We're living through a pandemic that continues to ravage communities in every corner of the globe. Climate change [is] wreaking havoc on our planet, with the most vulnerable suffering most of all.” In reference to Vladimir Putin’s invasion of Ukraine and the Us Supreme Court's decision to overturn Roe v Wade, Harry said: “The few weaponising lies and disinformation at expense of the many.” He added: “From the horrific war in Ukraine to the rolling back of constitutional rights here in the United States, we are witnessing a global assault on democracy and freedom – the cause of Mandela's life.” This is not the first time Harry has intervened in US politics, as in 2020 he and Meghan urged Americans to “reject hate speech” ahead of the US presidential election. His political comments come as Meghan joined forces with Gloria Steinem to ratify the  Equal Rights Amendment. She has also said she is willing to march in Washington DC against the Roe v Wade abortion ruling. Traditionally members of the Royal Family remain impartial and politically neutral, avoiding involvement in politics. DON'T MISS: Self-serving Hollywood elite! Meghan fails over 'selfless service' [INSIGHT] Prince Harry preaches on climate change while he takes 21 private jet [LATEST] Prince Harry merciessly mocked by South African newspaper [REPORT] However, Meghan and Harry stepped down from their royals as senior working royals two years ago. Royal expert Russell Myers told ITV's Lorraine last month: “Because Prince Harry and Meghan have moved over to the United States. They’ve got their financial freedom, they’ve got their essential freedom from the royal family, so they can speak on political issues.” He added: “Meghan has said we might be in Washington very soon, so does she have political ambitions? I do think she does.” So what do YOU think? Should Meghan and Harry stay away from politics? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below.