The Palace launched an investigation into the handling of bullying allegations made against Meghan in 2018. But earlier this week, it was revealed that the Palace won't publish the report. Buckingham Palace confirmed that even those who participated in the report will not be told of its findings. Palace staff will also not be updated on the changes made as a result of the report's findings. There are said to be around half a dozen members of staff involved in the review, which was conducted by an independent legal firm. A senior source told the Telegraph: "Recommendations will be taken forward, but we will not be commenting further. "Lessons have been learned." It is understood the Duke and Duchess of Sussex will make no public comment. This is thought to be part of an attempt on both sides to draw a line under the episode. When the allegations first emerged, Meghan and Harry were vocal in their defence, accusing those involved of a "calculated smear campaign." This came after the Times published a report, accusing Meghan of driving two personal assistants out of the household and undermining the confidence of a third employee. LIVE UPDATES: Royal Family LIVE: Fury at Firm's 'terrible' choice to avoid upset In a legal letter to the paper, a spokesperson for the Duke and Duchess of Sussex said: "Let’s just call this what it is — a calculated smear campaign based on misleading and harmful misinformation. "We are disappointed to see this defamatory portrayal of The Duchess of Sussex given credibility by a media outlet." They added: "It’s no coincidence that distorted several-year-old accusations aimed at undermining The Duchess are being briefed to the British media shortly before she and The Duke are due to speak openly and honestly about their experience of recent years." DON'T MISS: Royal: Details of Harry and Meghan's trip to England laid bare [REVEAL] Meghan Markle launches rallying cry ahead of upcoming US election [REPORT] Royal: Harry 'unhappy' despite Meghan attempts at perfect LA life [INSIGHT] Speaking to the Telegraph, the spokesperson claimed that Meghan herself is a victim of bullying. They said: "The Duchess is saddened by this latest attack on her character, particularly as someone who has been the target of bullying herself and is deeply committed to supporting those who have experienced pain and trauma. "She is determined to continue her work building compassion around the world and will keep striving to set an example for doing what is right and doing what is good." The original complaint against Meghan was filed in 2018 by the couple's communications secretary at the time, Jason Knauf. In a formal complaint, he wrote: "I am very concerned that the duchess was able to bully two PAs out of the household in the past year." Mr Knauf described the Duchess's behaviour as "totally unacceptable", adding: "The duchess seems intent on always having someone in her sights [and] I remain concerned that nothing will be done".