Lewis Hamilton has claimed George Russell has the qualities to become the team leader of Mercedes when he retires. The seven-time champion expects Russell to lead the team to further success in his absence. Hamilton also stressed he wanted to “help [Russell] progress” as a driver before quitting F1. Hamilton said: “I definitely see he has got so much potential in him and he is in the right place for it as well. “I really think that whether or not I am here, he has all the qualities to help take this team forwards into the future and lead them to success so I think it has been the right choice by the team. I hope that I can be a part of helping him progress.” Russell has been a star performer of the 2022 season having beaten Hamilton at almost every race. Hamilton has only beaten the Mercedes rookie three times, compared to seven for Russell in one of the championships many shocks. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton savages Christian Horner with brutal comment in Austria The Mercedes rookie had finished inside the top-five at every race up until the British Grand Prix where he crashed on the opening lap. Hamilton's podium in Silverstone means he has slashed the deficit to Russell in the championship to just 18 points but still finds himself behind at the halfway stage. However, Hamilton instead praised Russell’s performance, claiming he had done a “great job” since arriving at the team. The Mercedes champion also opened up on the relationship between the pair, confirming they work together “incredibly well”. Hamilton added: “I wouldn’t say it has been tough. It has been pleasant. We have worked together incredibly well and George has been super-positive, had a positive impact on the working environment and it has genuinely been a real pleasure to work with him. DON'T MISSVerstappen mocks Hamilton with vicious dig in reply to Leclerc comment [INSIGHT]Helmut Marko suggests F1 rule change to make Lewis Hamilton fearful [ANALYSIS]Lewis Hamilton demands FIA action as Brit expresses F1 safety concerns [COMMENT] “It has been great to see his success. He has done such a great job, he has got great points for the team and is continuing to improve and it is going to continue to improve for a long time.” Russell has previously claimed he did want to beat Hamilton by the end of the season but admitted it was not his biggest aim in 2022. He explained: “Obviously, I want to beat my teammate and I’m not going to take offence if he says the same. But I would not see my season as a success purely because I’ve finished ahead of him more times than he had finished ahead of me. I would see it as a success if I was standing at the top step of the podium.”