Elena Rybakina became the first player from Kazakhstan to win a Grand Slam title by beating Tunisian Ons Jabeur in a gripping Wimbledon final. Elena became the youngest Wimbledon singles champion since 2011. As the Duchess of Cambridge handed over the coveted trophy, she congratulated Elena and complimented her performance. Elena has admitted she was taken aback by how "beautiful" the Duchess of Cambridge was when talking to her during the trophy presentation. She recalled: "She was very, very nice, and very beautiful actually! "She just congratulated me. She said that I played really well. "And then I saw her for the second time after I left the court. READ MORE: ‘I cheated!’ Blue Bloods’ Tom Selleck speaks out on avoiding injury "And again, she said that I played really well, and it’s just an honour to hear these. "It’s really something special which I will never forget.” During the conversation with Josh Smith on his podcast Reign, Elena touched on how she felt when being crowned the champion of Wimbledon 2022. Initially, there was little emotion from the new champion, who simply raised her right arm in the air as part of her celebration.  She admitted: “I'm going to remember these two weeks as a fairytale for sure, I think by my reaction, you could see that I was just shocked and kind of paralysed because I didn't expect that it was going to happen in these two weeks. "We did a great job with the team. We were working hard, but with the preparation I had, which I actually didn't because I was unlucky to get sick and some injuries before. "So, I came to Wimbledon maybe without the thoughts that I'm going to win a slam, so it was just more relaxed for me. "The first week I enjoyed a lot because I didn't have any expectations. And I was going in the evening to see the city, so it was a really relaxed atmosphere, but then I was getting closer to the semi-final and quarters. DON'T MISS...Novak Djokovic set to have Australian ban 'lifted' in blow to Nadal [LATEST]Prince George becomes shy after meeting Wimbledon champ Novak Djokovic [WATCH]Rafael Nadal sends classy message to Djokovic after Wimbledon triumph [INSIGHT] "I started to get nervous, and every day was more difficult. And in the end, I was just happy when the match finished, and I just couldn't believe it in that moment.” She added: "You could see on my face, it wasn’t just that I finished that match, I was in total shock. So, I'm going to try to work hard to be in the final again and hopefully win another grand slam. "Maybe I'm going to have different reactions, but at least you saw something at the press conference.” Despite winning the Grand Slam at the weekend, Elena is already looking forward to her next competition. The champion will return to the UK in November and is likely to take on Emma Raducanu, as she will be part of the Kazakhstan team in the Billie Jean King Cup finals being played in Glasgow. She admitted she was "very excited" for the match-up and revealed it was going to be a "great match", alongside it being her first time in the cup finals. Rybakina met Raducanu in the US Open champion's first match of the season back in January in Sydney. Subscribe to the podcast Reign with Josh Smith on all streaming platforms