The Kardashians is back soon for a second season after the reality series went down a huge hit on Disney Plus. The show comes off the back of their long-running hit series, Keeping Up with the Kardashians, which ended in June 2021 after a 20-season run. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about when the second season arrives. Disney Plus has just released a teaser video for the second season of The Kardashians. Fans can expect to see Kourtney, Kim, and Khloé Kardashian and their half-sisters, Kendall and Kylie Jenner, as well as their mother, Kris Jenner in the new episodes. The Kardashians made its debut on April 14 on Hulu as part of a pre-planned two-season launch. For fans in the UK, they have been able to watch the episodes on Disney Plus. READ MORE: ‘I cheated!’ Blue Bloods’ Tom Selleck speaks out on avoiding injury The teaser revealed the new season will premiere on September 22, 2022. New episodes will then air every Thursday, but an official episode count has not been announced. As the first season was made up of 10 episodes, the second is likely to follow suit. The family will be welcoming viewers back to join them through their biggest highs and lows. The streaming platform said: "From fiery romances and life-changing milestones to unimaginable successes. "The family bond remains unbreakable as they navigate their public and private lives for the world to see." The trailer includes Kylie saying: "We are back, in case you missed us." Kim updates fans, saying: "Life is good, I have a new boyfriend. I'm just having a really good time." Kim's new beau, Pete Davidson, makes his first appearance in the trailer. The couple first showed signs of a romance in November 2021. DON'T MISS... The Kardashians backlash: Fans blast 'fake' Tristan Thompson meeting [DISCUSSION] Disney+ For Free (July 2022): Has Free Trial Ended? [INSIGHT] Kylie Minogue insists legal battle with Kylie Jenner ‘had to be done [INTERVIEW] Kylie is also seen discussing her pregnancy and how she is in need of a "night out". Her sister Kendall responds: "This is definitely a massive birth control moment for me. It's a lot." One of the central themes this season is that of unconditional love. Kim is heard saying: "No matter how crazy things are, we are always going to be family." Some drama is teased in the trailer, with Kim adding: "I'm usually so together and I have just been tested." Kris Jenner is also seen worrying about a medical issue that lands her in hospital. Fans can also expect to see some behind-the-scenes insight from Kourtney and Travis Barker's wedding. Hulu announced the season one premiere was the most-watched series premiere for the streaming service in its first three days in the US. It was also the most-watched Star Originals series on Disney+ and Star+ across global markets.  The Kardashians season 2 arrives on Disney Plus on September 22.