Manchester United have officially unveiled Christian Eriksen as their second signing of the summer transfer window. And the 30-year-old midfielder has explained Erik ten Hag's role in his decision to opt for a move to United amid mass competition for his signature. Eriksen has signed a three-year deal with the Red Devils after a successful short loan stint back in the Premier League with Brentford last season. And he has now provided his first interview since his arrival, in which he addressed why he chose M16 as his next destination. The Denmark international revealed Ten Hag was highly influential to his arrival after listening to the Dutchman's ideas at Old Trafford. And he insisted he has joined the club to play football, suggesting he won't be settling for a rotational role. He said: "Very. I want to come here to play football. I don't come here just for the logo itself; I want to come here and play. Obviously, to speak with the manager and hear his ideas and have conversations with him on the football terms was great and ideal for me to get the decision and the possibility of coming to Manchester United." JUST IN: Tottenham plan under Conte outlined with two club legends to return Eriksen started his professional career at Ajax before leaving in 2013 for Tottenham Hotspur, where he enjoyed a seven-year stint as one of the Premier League's top playmakers. While he was in Amsterdam years before Ten Hag's era, he is undoubtedly familiar with the club's philosophy and traditional style of play. And Eriksen added that he's confident his style will match the United manager's vision. "Yeah, I think my style of play hopefully fits in with his ideas, and hopefully, it's something that will connect in a good and positive way," Eriksen continued. "So, of course, his style of football, I think it suits me." READ MORE: Man Utd target Frenkie de Jong 'only wants to join Chelsea' Eriksen could make his United debut this weekend, with the club's final two pre-season fixtures on the horizon. Ten Hag's side face Atletico Madrid in Oslo on Saturday before welcoming Rayo Vallecano to his first game at Old Trafford on Sunday, exactly one week before the new season gets underway. On Tuesday morning, the Dane arrived at Carrington with Lisandro Martinez, who will shortly be announced as United's third summer arrival. And both will be training with Ten Hag's squad for the first time this week as the Dutchman begins the final preparations for his maiden season at the helm. Click HERE to buy the new Man Utd home shirt 