Youri Tielemans reportedly rejected the chance of a move to Manchester United in January when Ralf Rangnick made an approach for the player. However, the Belgian could do a U-turn on that decision if Arsenal do not push through with their interest this summer. Arsenal have been linked with Tielemans for the entirety of the summer window. He is the Gunners' top midfield target, though Mikel Arteta has prioritised other areas first. United are also said to be keen on signing the Leicester star. CBS Sports reporter Ben Jacobs, speaking to The Football Terrace, says United's interest dates back to January. He claims interim boss Rangnick wanted to sign the 25-year-old but the player was not keen on a move to Old Trafford. Jacobs says negotiations over a move to Arsenal were already advanced and north London is his preferred destination. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd make £51m bid, Ronaldo exit 'accepted', Chelsea £45m agreement  Tielemans is claimed to have already agreed personal terms with Arsenal and only a fee needs to be sorted with Leicester. However, if the Gunners do not come calling, Tielemans could make a U-turn on his decision to reject United six months ago. Jacobs claims the midfielder is now firmly on a list of potential targets for new United boss Erik ten Hag. Tielemans wants to leave Leicester this summer and move to a team competing in European football. If Arsenal do not make an offer then that would help United's chances of completing a deal. Leicester are claimed to want a minimum of £25million for Tielemans, potentially up above £30m. That is despite his contract at the King Power Stadium expiring at the end of next season. Tielemans initially joined Leicester on loan from Monaco in January 2019 before making the move permanently that summer. DON'T MISSMan Utd set to suffer Christian Eriksen blow before he's even played for clubMan Utd boss Erik ten Hag forced to step in after three players ignore coachChelsea 'table two players to Barcelona' to hijack Man Utd's Frenkie de Jong deal  He has made over 150 appearances for the Foxes, scoring 24 goals. If he were to join United, he could become the club's second signing of the summer. The Red Devils completed a deal for Holland left-back Tyrell Malacia earlier this week. He became Ten Hag's first signing of his reign. Tielemans is not thought to be United's main midfield target. Barcelona star Frenkie de Jong remains the No 1 choice for Ten Hag. However, the departures of both Paul Pogba and Nemanja Matic at the end of their contracts may mean there is space for two new central midfielders this summer. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here