Some people believe hoovering a rug cleans it, but to ensure it is thoroughly cleaned, you need to wash it. Hiring a specialist rug cleaning machine can be expensive, and a lot of effort. Cleaning expert and star of BBC’s Clean It, Fix it Maxine Dwyer showed viewers how to clean a rug at home using a jet wash. Maxine and the team had travelled to North London to help out a family of five. The cleaning professional started with “the hidden dirt in the living room, by taking on an often ignored centrepiece - the rug”. As for how she was going to clean the rug, Maxine remarked: “I’m going to jet wash the carpet! It will come up marvellous, it will be wonderful.” Tommy Walsh asked his co-star: “What are you going to do? Just air it?” READ MORE: Cleaning enthusiasts share peppermint hack for ousting ants 1641415 “I’m going to jet wash it!” Maxine reiterated. “I’ve checked the label - have you never done that before?” “I didn’t know you could do it,” Tommy admitted and Maxine explained: “Of course, you can - if it’s not wool it’s fine.” Woollen rugs are delicate and should be lightly sponged using cold water. Maxine then revealed how dirty rugs really get: “Did you know that your rug or carpet can hold four times its weight in dirt, and it’s 4,000 times dirtier than your toilet seat!” DON'T MISS...Expert spots subtle clue Duchess is ‘faking it’ with her body language [COMMENT]Keep bread fresh & mould-free for 3 wks with quirky food storage hack [EXPERT]Tomato plants: Add pet hair to homemade fertiliser [EXCLUSIVE] Rugs can also contain dust mites, dead skin cells, pet and insect waste, bacteria and mould within their fibres. It's recommended that you wash your rugs every six months. If you don’t have a jet wash, or don’t have a friend or neighbours whose you can borrow, you can hire a jet wash for as little as £25 a day. “The pressure of the water, allows all the dirt to come to the surface,” Maxine said. “Absolutely brilliant!” READ MORE: Pippa Middleton buys new £15m property in Berkshire for growing family And it wasn’t long before she started to see results: “You can see the dirt dripping off - very, very filthy.” As for how you use a jet wash to clean a rug, the expert explained: “It’s better to start jet washing from the top, simply because the dirt drops down. “You don’t want to wash the bottom and then wash the top and realise it’s all gone down to the bottom again. “Look at this, dirty, dirty, clean,” Maxine pointed out.” Jet washing fires a lot of water onto the rug, but the expert remarked: “The sun is shining, it will dry it - don’t you worry.” Remember, the rug needs to dry outside fully, so it doesn’t smell damp when it’s back in the house. It approximately takes 10 minutes to wash the rug, depending on its size. But can take up to half a day to dry outside.