Police believe the victims were attacked as their car was parked near a primary school in Eversley Road, Birmingham, just after midnight this morning. The injured men made their own way to Heartlands Hospital where a 30-year-old was pronounced dead a short time later. The second man, aged 24, remains in hospital where his injuries are not believed to be life-threatening. Specialist officers are supporting the family of the dead man, officers said. A blue police tent has been erected outside the ambulance entrance to Accident and Emergency at the hospital. A resident of Eversley Road told BirminghamLive that they heard a "man groaning in pain shortly after hearing a loud bang coming from a car". One man, who lives on a road near the school, said this morning: "I went to bed early last night, around 8pm to 8.30pm and everything was normal. Now there's this. "A police officer told me I can't drive my car until they're finished. I don't know when that will be." Construction workers intending to reach a development site on the road were diverted. A  reporter at the scene this morning said: "A van is blocking off entry from Green Lane to the road and a walkway next to Wyndcliffe school is sealed off too. A forensic officer is searching the area and residents are being escorted inside and out of their properties."   A statement from West Midlands Police said this afternoon: "Officers remain on Eversley Road and the car park of Heartlands hospital while we conduct forensic examination of the areas. We are also speaking to witnesses and reviewing CCTV. "We also have officers carrying out enquiries on Millthorpe Close as part of the investigation. There will be an increase in police presence around the area in the coming days. Officers will be offering reassurance, so please talk to them if you have any concerns."  "We are appealing for any information or footage that may help with our investigation, this can be uploaded here: https://mipp.police.uk/operation/20HQ21J56-PO1&nbsp. Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. Please quote log number 69 of 07.07.22".