Ukraine stepped up its drive to retake the Russian-controlled south of the country by trying to bomb and isolate Russian troops in hard-to-resupply areas but said it saw evidence that Moscow was redeploying its forces to defend the territory. Ukraine's southern Kherson region, which borders Russian-annexed Crimea, fell to Russian forces soon after they began what Moscow calls "a special military operation" on February 24. Major General Jack Keane explained Russia's annexation of the Donbas took a "significant toll" on them. Speaking to Times Radio, he said: "In taking the eastern part of the Donbas region, the so-called Luhansk area. "It took a significant toll on them. Thousands and thousands of casualties. "Thousands of vehicles destroyed. Despite the success they've had, they will have difficulty regenerating that, what we refer to as military as the operational momentum to continue. "And while they try some limited attacks, they haven't been successful. READ MORE: Putin saving military might for NATO attack "So the Ukrainians foresaw this happening and that's why they've been planning this counteroffensive for weeks, knowing full well what the Russians will be able to do, some reinforcement of the Kherson City and area. "It will not be wholesale reinforcement by cutting off the axes to the city, particularly from the south. "For our audience to understand, the Ukrainians are coming from the north. "The Russians will be coming from the south and from the east and south of Kherson city is Crimea itself." Ukraine, which describes Russia's actions as an imperial-style war of conquest, said on Thursday its planes had struck five Russian strongholds around the city of Kherson and another city in the area. British military intelligence, which helps Ukraine, said it was likely that Ukrainian forces had also established a bridgehead south of a river that runs along the wider Kherson region's northern border. "Ukraine's counter-offensive in Kherson is gathering momentum," it said in a statement. Ukraine says it has retaken some small settlements on the region's northern edge in recent weeks as it tries to push Russian forces back, a potential prelude to what Kyiv has billed as a major counter-offensive to retake the south. Russia said on Thursday it was unfazed, with the defence ministry saying its planes had attacked a Ukrainian infantry brigade in the far north of the Kherson region and killed more than 130 of its soldiers in the last 24 hours. DON'T MISS Putin moves to eliminate Novaya Gazeta as domestic dissent rises [INSIGHT]Huge rift erupts inside EU as Nigel Farage exposes crisis [VIDEO]Putin blackmails Europe with threat of ‘unmanageable’ gas cutoff [ANALYSIS] Kirill Stremousov, the deputy head of the Russian-appointed military-civilian administration running the Kherson region, has also dismissed Western and Ukrainian assessments of the battlefield situation. "(Ukrainian President Volodymyr) Zelenskiy's statement that Kherson region will be liberated in three to six weeks is...a lie. All these counter-offensives that result in a large number of Ukrainian casualties are coming to nothing," Stremousov told Russia's RIA news agency on Wednesday. Ukraine has used Western-supplied long-range missile systems to badly damage three bridges across the River Dnipro in recent weeks, making it harder for Russia to supply its forces on the western bank. British intelligence said the strategy was starting to isolate Russian forces in the Kherson region.