It is no surprise that the Prince of Wales has a property in the country where his investiture took place, but Charles spent a lot of time (reportedly almost 40 years) trying to find the perfect home. In the end, he settled on Llwynywermod in the village of Myddfai in Carmerthenshire. The Prince bought the property for a whopping £1.2million in March 2007. Llwynywermod is a 192-acre estate comprised of three cottages, a Grade II-listed barn, and a main house. It is a peaceful part of Britain where Charles and Camilla stay whenever they visit Wales. However, according to reports, Charles spent more time than ever in the home last year, following the death of his father. After Prince Philip’s funeral, the Prince of Wales headed for Llwynywermod because he “wanted to reflect alone”, a Daily Mail source said. READ MORE: 'Won't notice the temperature difference': Save £80 on your heating with a minor change The source added there was “no better place for Charles to come to terms with his grief and start to think about his future”. The farmhouse’s exterior walls are made of white stone, while the blue doors and window sills add colour to the property. The roof is made of Welsh slate, which is typical of the area. Inside, the house has high ceilings and a large, comfortable living room. DON'T MISS: Slash your daily costs by £25 with ‘easy steps’ [HOUSEHOLD BILLS] You can give away your house and pay zero tax [HOW TO] Council tax changes could see 1.5 million households pay more [WARNING] The living room features a traditional log fireplace, two cream armchairs adorned with patterned cushions, and huge printed tapestries. There are also rugs from the nearby Solva Woollen Mill, which is the oldest continuously working woollen mill in Pembrokeshire. Other rooms include Prince Charles’ bedroom, which features a huge double bed with a grey headboard and two small bedside tables on either side. Meanwhile, bathroom has cream walls and tiles, with a white bathtub. Interestingly, there is reportedly no TV or DVD player in the property as the royal couple prefer to read while staying in Wales. There is also an organic farm outside in the garden, where Charles enjoys growing plants and vegetables. In an interview with Simon Armitage, the Prince revealed his love for walking in the nearby Brecon Beacons, one of Wales’ largest national parks. “It is wonderful coming down here,” he said. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “And I love coming in the winter when I can at a weekend. “And I stump about in the Brecon Beacons and explore, which is magic, and fight my way through large numbers of sheep all over the place. It is very special because it’s more of a cottage.” When explaining it took “some 40 years” to discover Llwynywermod, Charles said: “Several houses and sites were explored until, finally, we came across Llwynywermod in an exceptionally beautiful part of Carmarthenshire, on the edge of the Brecon Beacons and within reasonable reach of Cardiff.” Charles then took time to renovate the property, making sure to use sustainable materials sourced locally.