Dr Michael Mosley and Dr Clare Bailey appeared on The Dr Louise Newson podcast last month where they discussed rapid weight loss. The creators of The Fast 800 diet spoke about the benefits of losing weight quickly and the conversation turned to combat initial hunger when eating 800-1,000 calories a day. Dr Michael said “‘hunger is the best sauce’” and provided some snack suggestions. In summary, Dr Michael said: “The 5:2 diet essentially is a rapid weight loss diet.” Around 40,000 to 50,000 people have signed up to the fast800.com website, having successfully followed the diet plan. “The data analysed from that, [sees] an average weight loss of just under ten kilos a year (1.5 stone),” Dr Michael revealed. Rapid weight loss starts with eating around 800 to 1,000 calories a day, “mainly a low-carb, mid-range style diet”. READ MORE: Michael Mosley weight loss: Exercise trick that burns calories fast You then “graduate to doing it two or three times a week and then as a way of life”. “I think the main thing is the French have a saying that ‘hunger is the best sauce,’” Dr Michael quoted. When you’re eating 800 to 1,000 calories a day, “you’re going to be a bit hungry” but the expert says it “generally passes pretty quickly”. “If you’re learning to enjoy these foods while you are hungry, then this will translate to later,” Dr Michael said. DON'T MISS...Number one hairstyle to avoid if you have thin or fine hair [EXCLUSIVE]Keep bread fresh for 3 weeks with simple food storage hack [GUIDE]Cleaning tips: How to clean burn marks off electric hob -no scratching [STEP BY STEP] “Even if you hate vegetables now, you will discover you love vegetables when you’ve been eating them on a low-calorie diet.” Dr Clare added: “I think one of the other things that is very often people going into ketosis and that’s healthy nutritional ketosis, find that they actually have greater clarity and they don’t feel so hungry. “So very often have patients saying, you know, ‘I’m just amazed that I’m not feeling hungry all the time’. READ MORE: Workout: Best cardio exercises you can 'practice almost anywhere' “Because one of the problems when people have metabolic syndrome and they’re not getting the feedback, telling them that they’re full after meals, and it’s not that they’re greedy, it’s the hormones are out of kilter.” Once someone starts to lose weight and eats better, they will find they are “not constantly craving” certain foods. For anyone looking for a healthy snack, Dr Michael recommended a “small handful of nuts” as they are incredibly satisfying. Nuts are a great source of protein, fibre and micronutrients - just avoid salted or sweetened nuts, as these are moreish and easy to overeat. Dr Clare also suggested “a bit of cheese” as it is “surprisingly filling”. Herbal teas are also an option for anyone who is “a bit bored, or thirsty” or experiencing a craving. Non-starchy vegetables are also a good choice.