RAC Fuel Watch shows that petrol, diesel and super unleaded are all falling in price, although they are still near record levels. Despite this, many drivers are still looking for alternative options to boost their fuel efficiency and reduce their costs. The latest data from the motoring organisation shows a litre of unleaded to be 185.05p, with diesel dropping massively to just 194.30p. Drivers using super unleaded petrol will also see a massive drop in price when reaching the forecourts. On average it now costs 197.67p per litre for super unleaded, a far cry from petrol levels seen earlier this month when prices were above £2 a litre. Howard, a driving instructor at How 2 Drive, urged motorists to use three simple steps to improve their fuel economy. READ MORE: Driver's fuel hack is slashing her petrol costs 'massive saving' Howard urged drivers to anticipate the road ahead and watch out for anything that could be potentially hazardous. When driving up to a roundabout, motorists shouldn’t have their speed up and suddenly slam on the brakes when they reach the junction. By planning early, road users can continue driving at a steady pace, find a gap in the traffic and save fuel by not stopping as much. DON'T MISSLittle-known petrol station hack will help drivers avoid high costs [INSIGHT]Drivers could be saving hundreds on fuel by pressing secret button [SHOCKING]Drivers urged to make use of basic car feature to boost fuel economy [HELPFUL] Drivers can also benefit from using a sat-nav, especially if it has a live traffic feature. They will usually always pick the shortest journey available for the driver. The sat-nav will do the planning ahead for the driver by using live data to check for any traffic issues or crashes on the road ahead. All of these features will help drivers save miles and save money on fuel costs. When driving at 60mph instead of 70mph on a dual carriageway or a motorway, drivers could save around 10 percent in fuel consumption. Most of the lorries in the first lane are going to be restricted to 56mph, meaning that motorists can drive in that lane without holding anybody up. According to the Department for Transport, a car speeding at 80mph uses 10 percent more fuel than one cruising at 70mph. Howard also highlighted the impact that weight has on the car. He said: “Just check what’s in your boot because if you're carrying around extra weight that’s going to slow you down and cost you more fuel. “If you’ve got a roof rack, remove your roof bars because that’s just going to create drag. “With your tyres, inflate your tyres to the recommended tyre pressures because that is going to make you more fuel efficient.” By removing roof racks and bike racks from the back of the car, drivers could boost their efficiency massively. The same goes for removing any unnecessary items from the vehicle, including rubbish and seasonal items which are not currently in use.