Drag Queen Story Hour UK, a group that hosts sessions for three to 11-year-olds, is run by Sab Samuel, a 27-year-old autistic male children’s author, who performs as drag queen Aida H Dee. Almost 70 events across 20 areas of the UK are slated to take place over the next two months. But the first event in Reading Central Library was met with an outburst of hatred from locals as police sought to protect Mr Samuel from parents threatening to perform a “citizens’ arrest” and accusing him of paedophilia. About a dozen parents and young children were seen dancing with the drag queen in the library on Monday - although the protesters, reportedly numbering around 25, could be heard outside. Reading Council officials had planned a heavy police presence at the event. The event was derailed when two mothers, one of whom Mr Samuel claims used her disabled child as a “trojan horse” to gain entry, confronted the event’s host and labelled it “disgusting”. They shouted: “You’re allowing child grooming to take place, this is disgusting, do you know what autogynephilia is?” Autogynephilia is when males are sexually aroused by the thought of themselves being female. They were escorted out by police officers and security guards, leading the room to erupt with applause at their removal. Mr Samuel, who clarified that the shows included no sexual language nor were children exposed to sexual situations, told the BBC: “What is confusing is that these groups are attempting to create a sexual focus here where none exists by drawing attention to sex and sexuality.” Drag Queen Story Hour have clarified that its performers are DBS checked, adding that all the protesters had done was “successfully made a few children scared and a mother sob”. Mr Samuel told PinkNews that one of the women had bypassed security by claiming she was attending the event, saying: “She had used her own disabled son as a Trojan horse. The child had a meltdown and was screaming as she laughed. She should be ashamed.” Uniformed police officers stood guard outside the library, where a group vowed to perform a “citizen’s arrest” of the drag queen. They branded the police officers and council staff, who refused to let them in, as “paedophile protectors” while brandishing banners and megaphones. Once the session was over, police had to escort Mr Samuel out to protect him from the protestors. READ MORE: Spain to force Brits to prove they can spend £85 a day [REVEAL] Mr Samuel said that since the two sessions of the tour so far, he has been bombarded by angry messages and phone calls threatening him with violence and calling him a “paedo”. The protesters, he said, are now plotting to visit his house and “arrest” him themselves. He added: “They said they’re going to take me to the police station as well, which means they’re not only threatening to assault but kidnap me too.” After Reading, the summer tour is visiting council libraries in areas such as Crewe, Bristol, Cornwall, Brighton and Hove, Portsmouth, Leeds, Cardiff, Rochdale, Bolton and Somerset. More protests are planned elsewhere, while in the US, pro-Trump group the Proud Boys have crashed similar events. Piers Shepherd, a senior researcher at the Family Education Trust charity, called for the events to be called off, telling the Telegraph: “It is a matter of concern that police resources will be used in this way when there are so many pressing problems in need of their attention.” But Reading Council supported the event, with a spokesman describing the protests as “extremely disappointing” and the classes as “age-appropriate”. The spokesman added: “This was a ticketed event and all parents attending were aware of the nature of the performance. “It is regretful that some people chose not to respect parental choice. “The council does not tolerate threats or abuse against our staff, members of the public or the entertainers we have invited to perform at our venues."