A dazzling socialite and model, she proved herself a dynamic businesswoman capable of running many projects with a punishing work ethic forged from a tough childhood. Ivana Marie Zelnícková was born in Gottwaldov, now called Zlín, in Czechoslovakia. Her father Miloš was a power plant electrical engineer and his wife Marie was a telephone operator. Ivana's early months were spent in an incubator because she was born underweight.To help her gain strength she was taught to swim and ski from the age of two. At the age of 12 she was selected for the national youth ski team. Her father took her out of school to work at a shoe factory because she was lazy but she responded by vowing to work harder as a pupil. That work ethic instilled in Ivana by her father never left her. She graduated from Charles University, Prague with a master's degree in physical education in 1972. She then emigrated to Canada with her first husband, Austrian ski instructor Alfred Winklmayr, whom she divorced in 1973. She worked as a model and ski instructor and met Donald Trump in New York in 1976. They married nine months later at Marble Collegiate Church in Manhattan and had three children, Donald Jr, Ivanka and Eric. They became the couple to be seen with in New York society while Ivana, who spoke five languages, took on powerful jobs within the Trump empire.  She designed the interior of his hotels in New York as well as Trump Tower, where they had a 50-room suite complete with a waterfall and pink marble floors. In 1985 The Donald, as she called her then husband, began an affair with chorus girl Marla Maples, which Ivana finally cottoned on to in 1989 when she saw her atAspen ski resort in Colorado. An acrimonious divorce inspired her to write the novels For Love Alone and Free To Love. In 1996 she had a cameo in The First Wives Club, and delivered the killer line: "Remember girls, don't get mad, get everything." In 1995 she wed Italian businessman Riccardo Mazzucchelli but that ended in divorce two years later. In 2008 she wed Rossano Rubicondi but that did not last either. New York City's chief medical examiner said Ivana died from blunt force injuries to her torso after an accidental fall.  Ivana Trump, born February 20, 1949– died July 14, 2022, aged 73