After Avengers Endgame hit cinemas, the future of the Marvel Cinematic Universe has been left as a mystery. Disney has been working hard to build up the new and improved version of the Avengers. Their Disney Plus shows have introduced a new Captain America and Hawkeye, while the franchise also welcomed some newcomers to the franchise, including Ms Marvel and Moon Knight - possibly for Avengers 5. But a mistake on Howard Stern's radio show has all but confirmed the arrival of the series' next big villain: Doctor Doom. Stern started playing adverts on his show last week while accidentally leaving his microphone on. During this chaotic moment, he was asked: "Are you working this summer?" He replied: "I told you, I'm going to do Doctor Doom." The radio host then complained about the project, adding: "But believe me I'm f*****g miserable about it ... I called [Iron Man actor] Robert Downey Jr ... and I was asking him about acting techniques." This news is unbelievable, considering there has not yet been any TV show or movie announced with the title of Doctor Doom. SCROLL DOWN TO LISTEN TO HOWARD STERN'S DOCTOR DOOM CONFESSION According to the unofficial MCU Wikipedia, a Doctor Doom movie was announced in 2017 by Disney, but it was later "cancelled". Stern is very well connected, so this slip of the tongue could prove to be completely true. Chances are he will have a cameo spot in the movie, similar to the appearances of Elon Musk, Matt Damon, Sam Neill, and many other Hollywood stars in previous movies. Doctor Doom's arrival also completely makes sense for the next step of the MCU franchise. He is easily one of the most powerful and villainous bad guys in the Marvel comic books, so he would be a worthy foe for the likes of Captain Marvel, Shang-Chi, Spider-Man and more. READ MORE: Wolverine: Hugh Jackman replacement imminent as star admits 'meeting' Traditionally, he is the main nemesis of the Fantastic 4 but has also battled the entirety of the Avengers many times in the past. What's even more exciting is that one member of the Fantastic 4 was introduced just a few months ago in Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness. During the movie, Stephen Strange ventured to another universe where he met The Illuminati - a secret superhero organisation. Included in this team's line-up was none other than Mr Fantastic / Reed Richards, played by John Krasinski. DON'T MISS...Wolverine: Hugh Jackman replacement imminent as star admits 'meeting' [NEWS]Captain America and Ms Marvel team up in new MCU clip [WATCH]Fantastic 4: Disappointing John Krasinski news delivered [INSIGHT] Krasinski's arrival as the iconic leader of the Fantastic 4 could be leading to the arrival of the MCU's official hero - especially considering a Fantastic 4 movie is due to hit cinemas within the next few years. Until then, fans will have to wait and see what Doctor Doom is going to bring to the ever-expanding MCU. One thing is for sure, however, he won't be fighting the Avengers alone. During the events of the Disney Plus show Loki another threat was introduced: Kang the Conquerer. Kang, who is played by Jonathan Majors, revealed his death would spark an intergalactic war with many different versions of the same people arriving in the 616 universe. Since then, nothing further has been explored about Kang and his future, but he is surely going to be a big player in the upcoming series. Loki season 2 just started filming, but with Thor Love and Thunder just around the corner, Kang could arrive even sooner. Watch the Marvel movies and TV shows on Disney Plus now. SOURCE