Nick Kyrgios has been warned about his behaviour while playing on Centre Court at Wimbledon in front of the Royal Box. The 27-year-old was slapped with a further £3,300 fine for his conduct against Stefanos Tsitsipas, on top of an £8,200 bill he received for his opening match. Kyrgios has been given the honour of playing on Centre Court for the first time ever in this year's edition of The Championships. The Aussie is taking on world No 56 Brandon Nakashima after dispatching fourth seed Tsitsipas in a turbulent four-set clash on Saturday night, in which he argued with the umpire and called for the Greek to be defaulted when he smashed a ball into the stands. But the 27-year-old has been warned that the same antics won't fly on Wimbledon's main showcourt, with distinguished guests lining the famous Royal Box, and is expected to be calm while playing in front of the likes of Stephen Fry, Sir Ian McKellen, Sir Mark Rylance, Sir David Suchet, Giles Scott and Sir David Suchet. "For me today it's a completely different scenario from the other match that was late in the day, a lot of energy," Kyrgios' compatriot and former doubles champion Todd Woodbridge said, speaking on the BBC. JUST IN: Nick Kyrgios and girlfriend Costeen pack on PDA at Wimbledon training  "For Nick he really has to tone it down, in front of the Royal Box - he probably has thought about that. He is also favoured to win and that changes his demeanour." Things were smooth sailing for both players in the first set. They both held quickly and with ease until Kyrgios was broken in the final game of the first set to lose it, without reacting or showing any frustration. Woodbridge's comments come after Kyrgios' explosive match against Tsitsipas on Court 1, with the fourth seed accusing the world No 40 of being a "bully" after the match. But the Australian star claimed he had done nothing wrong during the match apart from argue with the umpire. DON'T MISSBBC Wimbledon commentator Cash called out over scathing Kyrgios attackJohn McEnroe was torn apart by Billie Jean King blunt verdictNick Kyrgios' dad scolds Wimbledon officials for double standards  "I don't know what to say," Kyrgios laughed in response to Tsitsipas' remarks. "I'm not sure how I bullied him. He was the one hitting balls at me, he was the one that hit a spectator, he was the one that smacked it out of the stadium. "I didn't do anything. I was actually like - apart from me just going back and forth to the umpire for a bit, I did nothing towards Stefanos today that was disrespectful, I don't think. I was not drilling him with balls." 