Naga Munchetty, 47, alarmed viewers when she suggested that July 1 wasn't actually Friday, the gateway to the weekend, after all, but fell a day earlier than they'd thought. One anxious fan, @eel0110, took to Twitter to redress the balance, exclaiming: "Naga! Don’t do that to us, THURSDAY 1 July?!" She continued: "What a panic in our house there was still 2 days before the weekend…" The BBC 5 Live and BBC Breakfast presenter replied in front of her 278,500 followers: "Oops sorry! X" Naga's slip up on air led some to worry that the last day of their working week would be a day later than they had imagined. It isn't the first time that the presenter has sparked confusion, either. READ NOW: Tom Hanks’ troubled son blamed father’s fame for behaviour During her coverage of the Queen's Jubilee celebrations last month, Naga bucked the trend for wearing the colours of the British flag. Instead, she donned blue and yellow, leaving puzzled viewers scratching their heads trying to understand her reasoning. Some speculated that she may have been showing support for war-torn Ukraine, by donning the colours of their national flag. However some followers argued that the move was "anti-British" and not in the spirit of the celebrations. "Was the flag mocking @TVNaga01 wearing EU colours to our Queens jubilee celebrations today?" @SilentM85649515 quizzed. "Why is this Union flag hating woman even there? The Queen deserves better." The tweeter added her view that the bright yellow scarf Naga was wearing seemed inappropriate for the warm June weather. @Richard49058624 answered: "God I hate that woman with a passion @DefundBBC." DON'T MISS... David Walliams baffles fans with Wimbledon seats near Kate and William [INSIGHT] Kim Kardashian references Yorkshire market town at Paris Fashion Week [LATEST] Jennifer Lopez showcases sizzling bikini snaps for JLo brand [PHOTOS] Naga then waded into the debate by offering an amused personal reply. "Ooh. You are passionate about me... am taking it. X" she joked. However some tweeters claimed that she had an "acknowledged hatred of the monarchy". The presenter had previously taken to Twitter to apologise for liking tweets that were negative in nature towards the national flag. "I 'liked' tweets today that were offensive in nature about the use of the British flag as a backdrop in a government interview this morning," she wrote back in March 2021. "I have since removed these 'likes'. This do not represent the views of me or the BBC. (sic)" She then added: "I apologise for any offence taken." Meanwhile she received support from some tweeters despite her Jubilee outfit sparking controversy. @gvheard replied: "Obviously @Richard49058624 feels that any woman that asks intelligent questions... shouldn't [but] as someone of the older generation, please continue to do the superb job you always do. And hold all politicians to account."