Earlier this year Top Gun Maverick wowed cinemagoers with its unbelievable storyline, special effects, and real-life stunt flying. The movie was so successful that it earned more than $1 billion at the box office. Now Tom Cruise has started talking to another cast member about the future of the franchise. Miles Teller was brought into the Top Gun series as an emotional anchor for Cruise's Maverick. And that connection will seemingly continue in the next film in the franchise. Teller was recently asked about returning for Top Gun 3 in an interview. He replied: "That would be great, but that's all up to TC. It's all up to Tom." He then revealed: "I've been having some conversations with him about it. We'll see." Teller remained tight-lipped about what another Top Gun film might look like, but was keen to note how much money he could earn from it. Top Gun was Cruise's first-ever $1 billion film. With this in mind, Teller added: "That's definitely what my team has been saying for these future negotiations." (Via ET) The 35-year-old star also praised Cruise for inducting him into the iconic franchise. "For him to share Top Gun with me and a lot of these other young actors," he said. "It's just been such a wild ride, and it's still going." READ MORE: Top Gun theory: Maverick's comeback was a dream Teller played Rooster - the son of Maverick's late co-pilot, Goose. During the movie, the tense relationship between Maverick and Rooster was laid bare, but ultimately a father-son connection was built between them. By the end of the movie, Maverick had saved Rooster's life - and vice versa - before the credits rolled. With both big players alive and kicking, another film in the series is still very possible. However, could the next Top Gun be Cruise's final time in the pilot's seat? DON'T MISS...Top Gun theory: Maverick's comeback was a dream [THEORY]John Travolta 'despised' Tom Cruise in 'bitter feud over Scientology' [NEWS]Top Gun: Val Kilmer joy at particular Tom Cruise moment on screen [INTERVIEW] Maverick only escaped death by the skin of his teeth at the end of Top Gun Maverick, so he is surely set up to be killed off in the next movie. This would leave Teller primed to take over as the hero of the franchise, in lieu of Maverick. Whether Maverick does or doesn't survive Top Gun 3, Cruise will surely put his team through some tough work once again. He recently revealed he did not think he had overworked his pilots during shooting. "Making movies, you're constantly learning," Cruise explained. "You have to constantly work to become more and more competent in many different fields." He continued: "I want to tell them, that's the beauty of making movies. That's why I've always pushed my films to go international, around the world and in different communities. And to be part of that right from the beginning. It was my dream." He added: "You've got to work. You got to work. It's not a bunch of parties and doing that, and that's what I love." Top Gun Maverick is in cinemas now. SOURCE