Prince Harry and Meghan Markle fear that their one-year-old daughter Lilibet Diana will be “written out of royal history”, according to a royal expert. Speaking in a recent video uploaded on his YouTube channel, royal expert Neil Sean said: “According to that good source, it appears that both Harry and Meghan feel that their daughter is going to be written out of history.” He explained that by living in Montecito, California they have limited opportunities to connect with the Royal Family. READ MORE: Meghan, Harry and the Royal Family: Where did it all go wrong? Mr Sean explained: “This is because if you think about it logically, when are they next going to return? “When will the opportunity be there to have a formal portrait with our gracious monarch? “And at 96 years old they have to look logically at that. So will their daughter Lili ever truly get to meet her great-grandmother again?” The Duke and Duchess of Sussex travelled to the UK with Lilibet and their three-year-old son Archie to celebrate the Queen’s Jubilee. The couple reportedly introduced their daughter to the Monarch, her great-grandmother for the first time. Their trip coincided with Lilibet’s first birthday on June 4 and the Sussexes hosted a small party at Frogmore Cottage to celebrate. Royal commentator and author Omid Scobie referred to the party as an “intimate backyard picnic”. The couple released a second official photograph of their daughter to mark her birthday. Mr Sean said: “The fact that they decided to release that picture of their daughter to the world was simply a kickback to say, ‘here she is, this is what you’re missing out on.” DON'T MISS: Fury as Meghan biographer admits sources ‘don’t like’ Duchess [REVEAL]‘Meghan didn't understand the monarchy ’ Tom Bower in explosive attack [LATEST]Meghan Markle 'trusts own decisions' parenting Archie and Lilibet [INSIGHT] He suggested that the Queen’s refusal to have an official picture with Lilibet is likely to have “frustrated” both Harry and Meghan. He continued that the Palace has “still refused to confirm, either way, whether there was a meeting or not” between the Queen and the Sussexes during the Jubilee weekend. He added that the Palace did admit that there was a “private moment together”. So what do YOU think? Should Lilibet return to the UK to avoid being ‘written out of royal history’? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below.