Holly Willoughby, 41, has looked back on the secret details of her wedding day, which took place in the incredible settings of Amberley Castle in Sussex. The This Morning presenter married TV producer Dan Baldwin in 2007 after meeting him while working together on kids show Ministry of Mayhem. Now, Holly has shared a detail about her spectacular outfit with the readers of her lifestyle brand’s website, Wylde Moon. For her special day, Holly chose to wear an “original bunny girl corset” that her dressmaker altered specifically for the occasion. She wrote: “It’s obviously very important to get your underwear right under your wedding dress, and even more so with a backless dress. "My amazing dressmaker had a vintage pattern for a bunny girl outfit. She adapted a 1960’s original bunny girl corset by cutting the back so low, it didn’t show. "She even made me a fluffy tail – but I’m not sure that ever saw the light of day!" Holly also described the stunning wedding gown she wore, explaining how she had her mind set on a very particular design. The presenter said: “I had in my head exactly what I wanted, but I couldn’t find it anywhere! "I knew I wanted it to be very vintage, lace, with long sleeves, a high neck and a beautiful, open back, as that’s what everyone sees when you walk down the aisle. "Oh, and a long train…if you can’t do that on your wedding day when can you?" Holly previously opened up on how she met Dan, revealing that they initially started as friends. She told the Guardian: "We had this ridiculous friendship. "It went from not knowing each other, to being the best of friends. DON'T MISSJoanna Lumley never thought Queen would honour her for awkward reason [INSIGHT]Alex Scott admits she puts 'on an act' as she addresses her struggles [LATEST]Top Gear’s James May details worries at home after move with partner [NEWS] “I adored him. Didn't fancy him, he didn't fancy me. "There was one moment when we cheered, and I just looked at him, and went, 'Oh my God, I fancy him.' And that was it." After their wedding in 2007, the couple went on to have three children together - Harry, Belle and Chester. In 2017, Holly discussed the struggles of juggling her family life with work, as well as her social life. Speaking to HELLO! magazine, Holly said: "I love work, but the most important thing is my family and making that right. "If that doesn't feel right, I really put the brake on and pull back. "Even friendships will sort of go down the pecking order because it's not as important as that really if I'm honest. "If they're true friends, they'll always understand that. I have a group of mums who are friends, and we all are on the same page."