As tension between the two powers ramps up amid the Ukraine war, fears are soaring that an all-out conflict could break out. While US President Joe Biden has said he will not deploy troops to Ukraine to avert this scenario, Russian President Vladimir Putin’s nuclear threats have sparked panic over a possible full-blown conflict. Experts at Science and Global Security (SGS) have developed a new simulation to show what that might look like. Dubbed “Plan A”, the simulation is based on real force postures, targets and facility estimates. It uses extensive data sets of the nuclear weapons currently deployed, as well as weapon yields and potential targets for certain weapons. It also predicts the order of events and how exactly it would unfold bit by bit. Using data from NUKEMAP, the experts were able to map out the immediate fatalities and casualties from the conflict. It plays out as follows: The simulation begins with Russia launching the first warning shot to discourage a US-led NATO attack, which is fired from a base near the city of Kaliningrad. This is the enclave, which has no border with Russia, that the EU slapped sanctions on to restrict the imports of Russian steel and other ferrous metal products through the EU, which Lithuania later blockaded. In response to Russia’s nuclear warning, the simulation then imagines the US retaliating with a launch of its own, in the form of a single tactical nuclear strike. Following this, Moscow unleashed hell on Europe, blasting 300 warheads towards Europe as a full-blown nuclear war unfolds. The 300 warheads get dropped via aircraft, and short-range missiles are fired at NATO air bases and advancing troops. But then NATO hits back, releasing 180 warheads via aircraft. READ MORE: Entire Russian unit wiped out with multiple assets obliterated In just three hours, the simulation predicts that 2.6 million people would already be dead or injured by this point. According to SGS, Europe would have been completely devastated, sparking a fierce barrage from NATO. The alliance would then launch an enormous strategic nuclear strike with a staggering 600 warheads, from the US’ land and submarine-based missiles. They would be sent rocketing towards Russian nuclear forces. But before the NATO attack takes out Russia’s arsenal, a warning system would counter the attack and see a response with silo-launched missiles, as well as strikes launched from road-mobile vehicles and submarines. DON'T MISS Huge volcano hiding under Russia could kill millions [REPORT] Energy crisis: Households handed lifeline to slash bills by £1,180 [INSIGHT] China testing new hypersonic missile with transforming engine [REVEAL] SGS estimates that in just 45 minutes, this barrage of missiles would result in 3.4 million casualties (dead or injured). As the conflict progresses into its most terrifying phase, both sides would then aim their missiles at each other’s 30 most populated cities and economic centres. SGS says the aim of this is to inhibit the opposition’s recovery. Around five to 10 warheads would rain down on each city, depending on its size, SGS simulates. The result from the phase of the war would be completely catastrophic, with 85.3 million casualties in a jaw-dropping 45 minutes. Overall, SGS estimates that there would be 91.5 million immediate casualties, with 34.1 million deaths and 57.4 million injuries as a result of the frenzy of nuclear strikes. But the deaths from nuclear fallout, which is the residual radioactive material shot up into the upper atmosphere following a nuclear blast, would increase after this. Other potential long-term impacts would also significantly increase the tally. But Mr Biden has tried to downplay the nuclear war fears, which went through the roof after Putin put his strategic nuclear forces on “high alert” back in February. When asked at a White House event whether citizens should be concerned about a nuclear conflict breaking out, the US President simply replied “no”. White House Press Secretary Jen Psaki said: "We are assessing President Putin's directive and at this time, we see no reasons to change our own alert levels.” In World War II, an estimated 40 million to 50 million people were killed. In World War One, that number is thought to be around the 40 million mark.