Red Bull advisor Helmut Marko has moved to clarify that Juri Vips no longer has any association with Red Bull. Vips had his F1 deal with Red Bull terminated ahead of the British Grand Prix after he used a racial slur during a live gaming stream last month. Vips was initially suspended on June 22 while the team carried out an investigation into the matter. The Estonian F2 driver issued an apology on social media at the time. "I wish to unreservedly apologize for the offensive language used during a live gaming stream earlier today," Vips wrote on Instagram. "This language is entirely unacceptable and does not portray the values and principles that I hold. I deeply regret my actions and this is not the example I wish to set." Following the investigation, Red Bull confirmed that they had terminated Vips' contract but Christian Horner hinted that the 21-year-old would still receive support from the F1 team. “We have cancelled our agreement with him (Vips) and that will undoubtedly give him time for reflection," Horner said.  “Everybody at some point deserves a second chance, if they can show that they have really learnt from their mistakes. He is a young guy, a young kid, and we will be supporting him – even though he has had his agreement terminated – from a mental health and educational perspective. Hopefully he will learn from it.” But Marko, who takes care of Red Bull's driver development programme, wanted to clear things up on Vips' future with the F1 team. “I want to be clear - Juri Vips no longer receives any support from Red Bull,” Marko said. “You need to be responsible for your actions and as a result, our cooperation has ended.  “Of course, words are not a reason to destroy the career of a talented athlete. Especially as he apologised. But these are global trends.” Hitech Grand Prix decided to keep Vips on their books, to the dismay of F2 bosses at the time. F2 released a statement of its own after Hitech GP announced they would allow Vips to continue racing for them. "Following the recent incident involving Jiri Vips, F2 would like to reaffirm that the use of racist or discriminatory language cannot be tolerated in any environment," it read. “Hitech Grand Prix’s decision today is surprising and not one we would have taken. We will monitor the situation carefully with them to ensure that such behaviour is properly addressed.”