Rail strikes caused hell for commuters today as the Rail, Maritime and Transport (RMT) union enacted a day of walkouts alongside the Transport Salaried Staffs' Association (TSSA). The combined strikes impacted Network Rail and 14 other train operators, limiting services nationally and locally. While the unions have only planned their strikes for today, the disruption will spread into Thursday, July 28. Thursday will see continued fallout from today's strike action, but the effects will be felt on a smaller scale. Many, but not all, of the affected firms have said they will keep schedules altered in the morning as services recuperate. Express.co.uk has compiled status updates for each one as they rebuild functionality. READ MORE: Starmer starts new civil war over picket lines CrossCountry is anticipating disruption to most journeys across the UK on January 28 after a day of reduced services. East Midlands is running a limited today and has confirmed this will continue tomorrow. Trains will resume routes from 7am before following a disrupted schedule for the rest of the day. Great Northern has decided to run an adjusted service on July 28 that will serve as an improvement on today's one train per hour arrangements. Trains will start from 7am on Thursday and run on a Sunday schedule for the rest of the day. London Overground chiefs expect trains will return to business as usual on Thursday after some morning disruption. Trains will run on a minimal service until midday, after which normal operations resume. Lumo will observe the same limited schedule on Thursday that it did today. Only one train will depart on July 28 from 12.41pm, while reduced services operate between King's Cross, Morpeth, Newcastle and Edinburgh. Southeastern has confirmed that it will not run services before 7am on July 28. Southern has followed its northern counterparts at Great Northern with Sunday services from 7am. West Midlands services will carry morning services on July 28, but later on for most routes. Commuters will only have one day of relative normality on July 29, as the ASLEF union plans to strike from July 30. Some of the affected lines are those experiencing trouble today, including: