Duncan Larcombe made the extraordinary claim during an interview in which he said: "Harry and Meghan are royals, but they are royals for sale and there's no getting away from it." He went on to claim that is what is "unacceptable" to Buckingham Palace. Mr Larcombe said: "In terms of the Palace, that is what is unacceptable about their behaviour." The author of Prince Harry: The Inside Story told Closer magazine the Duke and Duchess of Sussex were "capitalising" on the monarchy, adding: "You're taking one of the most established brands and you're lining your pockets in the US with it. "It's sad because he was so loved and the Royal Family work together and support each other. He is making a difference to people's lives, but he was before [he left]." The comments come as claims emerged Harry and Meghan will not visit the Queen at Balmoral in spite of being invited.  A Balmoral insider told the Sun that royal staff had been told to expect the Duke and Duchess at the Queen's estate in Scotland. However, US media outlet PageSix reported the Sussexes were not invited. Harry and Meghan are expected to remain in the US ahead of the publication of his much-anticipated memoir this autumn. It was reported last week that the Queen had travelled to her private Scottish home for the start of her traditional summer break.   READ MORE ABOUT MEGHAN SAVAGED IN A HOLLYWOOD ROW Scotland has been a place of sanctuary for the Royal Family since Queen Victoria's day, where they relax and enjoy country pursuits in the stunning setting of the Scottish highlands. Members of the Queen's family are invited to spend time with her at Balmoral every summer. On the Sussexes' reported absence, royal commentator Phil Dampier said: "It's a snub, but I don't think it's any more or less of a snub than their general attitude in the round to be honest. "I'm sure the Queen did invite them and there is an open invitation, but it doesn't surprise me that they're not going.  DON'T MISS: Energy bills now tipped to soar close to £4,000 [LATEST] New report sheds light on why the cost of Lurpak keeps going up [REVEALED] John Wayne's struck down by child after being 'cruel' to animal [REPORT] "If they really wanted to make it up with their families, they would drop Harry's book deal, stop making a fly-on-the-wall documentary, visit Meghan's dad before he dies in Mexico and return to the UK." He added there were all sorts of things Harry and Meghan could do but they were not doing them which indicated they have made their bed and want to lie in it. Mr Dampier said: "They're going to carry on making money and doing whatever they perceive is right for them, which is not what's right for either of their families." The claims came after Harry was granted permission to challenge a Government decision in court over his security arrangements.  Harry is challenging a decision to cease his police protection while he is in Britain, even if he covers the cost himself. The decision was made in early 2020 by the Executive Committee for the Protection of Royalty and Public Figures, on behalf of the Home Office, the ministry responsible for policing, immigration and security. A British High Court judge granted permission for part of Harry's claim for a judicial review of the decision. Meanwhile, Britons have voiced their approval at Harry making a royal return, arguing he is part of the family.  Members of the public in Kensington, west London, were asked by Express.co.uk if they thought Harry should be allowed to return to royal life if he wanted to. The majority expressed approval of a return for the Duke of Sussex. Student Saskia, 18, claimed the Duke has a right to return due to the fact he is part of the family. She added: "He grew up in that, that was his life and his childhood. I understand that it was a big choice to leave, and I can absolutely see why some people would say no but I think if he's grown up with it then he should probably be able to go back if he chose to." 