Another man has been charged over the alleged robbery of former boxing world champion Amir Khan at gunpoint. Back in April, Khan was reportedly the victim of the horrific incident that saw the sportsman lose his £72,000 watch to the assailants, with four men now charged. The 35-year-old allegedly had his custom-made Franck Muller watch stolen after he was attacked on High Road, Leyton in east London after leaving a restaurant with his wife Farval Makhdoom and a friend. Khan was then said to have been robbed at gunpoint by the group of men. Ismail Mohamed, of Sheldon Road, Edmonton in north London, will attend Thames Magistrates’ Court on Thursday. The 24-year-old has been accused of conspiracy to commit robbery after being charged the same day. He is the fourth suspect to be charged after three others appeared at the same court last month, in June. Ahmed Bana, 25, Nurul Amin, 24 and 20-year-old Dante Campbell all hail from north London. READ MORE: Mike Tyson worryingly predicts he's going to die 'really soon' The trio remain in custody and are scheduled to appear at Snaresbrook Crown Court on August 4, according to the Metropolitan Police. The incident occurred when a car pulled up on the street near to Khan and a number of men jumped out, threatening him with a firearm before his watch was taken, the court was told. Bana and Campbell have also been charged with having an imitation firearm. Campbell faces further counts of having an imitation firearm with intent to cause fear of violence, and having ammunition for a firearm without a licence. The Met said a 22-year-old man was arrested on July 4 on suspicion of robbery and released under investigation pending further enquiries. DON'T MISSFury sends Joshua and Hearn new message - 'I'll sign contracts today'McGregor's manager lays into Mayweather and provides rematch updateJoshua wants to 'hurt' Usyk as Garcia speaks out after AJ torn apart Perhaps to take his mind off the incident, Khan has released a video showcasing his stunning new mansion as he enjoys retirement. At 35 years of age, the Brit retired in February after a stoppage loss to bitter rival Kell Brook. After taking home £5 million from the fight, Khan splashed some of his cash on a £500,000 Lamborghini Mansory and has now moved into a Manchester mansion which includes a gym, lake, and children’s play area. In a video posted to TikTok, Khan said: “At the house, Manchester, beautiful. Beautiful got my gym right there don’t think I’ll be using that now we’re retired. What do you think guys? “The back is amazing, we can have a lot of barbecues with the weather being so nice. Do a few barbecues and stuff. I don’t think I’ll be swimming but we’ve got the barbecue set and everything. Hot tub there it’s got everything really. Kids play area down there, obviously we’ve got to make sure the kids are going to be happy.”