Liverpool could shoot themselves in the foot by delaying their pursuit of Borussia Dortmund midfielder Jude Bellingham. Jurgen Klopp has identified alternatives if the Reds can't lure Bellingham to Anfield in 2023, but Tottenham Hotspur could be about to steal one from under their noses. Bellingham's stock has skyrocketed since leaving Birmingham City for Dortmund, and he is widely known as one of Europe's most exciting young talents. But the 19-year-old hasn't been strongly touted for an exit this summer due to the Bundesliga outfit being understandably reluctant to sell after Erling Haaland's switch to Manchester City. He will undoubtedly be the subject of mass interest from heavyweights across the continent next summer, though. And Liverpool will be among those vying for his signature after already exploring the possibility of recruiting Bellingham in mid-June. Given the stature of the expected competition, Klopp is thought to have alternatives to the England international, with Inter Milan's Nicolo Barella reportedly one of them. However, reports in Italy suggest Antonio Conte could be pushing to steal a march on his German counterpart amid a hectic transfer window at Tottenham. JUST IN: Ten Hag gives squad hairdryer as players make Ronaldo stance clear  According to Il Messaggero, Conte wants to reunite with Barella this summer after enjoying a positive relationship when he was manager at the San Siro, winning the 2020/21 Serie A title together. He has already brought Ivan Perisic to north London ahead of his first full campaign as Spurs boss, but he is looking to raid his former club again. The report claims Inter are demanding £76.5million to part ways with the 25-year-old, who stole headlines as part of Italy's Euro 2020-winning squad last year. And while it remains to be seen whether Spurs or any club will match that asking price in the coming weeks, Conte has been backed already, and Barella would be the icing on the cake. READ MORE: Xavi's latest cunning tactic may force De Jong closer to Man Utd move  Liverpool have maintained the stance that they aren't looking to bolster their midfield this summer after missing out on Aurelien Tchouameni to Real Madrid. The Reds have splashed £85m on Darwin Nunez as their marquee buy of the window, and Klopp is seemingly happy with his squad for the new season. There is a strong likelihood they will return to the table for a stellar midfield signing next season when Bellingham becomes available. But if they can't acquire him after Spurs move early to sign Barella, they could be left ruing their decision to resist a push for his services this summer.