The BBC Breakfast presenter put Grant Shapps on the spot over his support for Tory leadership candidate Rishi Sunak. Following a tense debate on ongoing train strikes, Sally Nugent challenged the Transport Secretary to outline the reasoning behind the former Chancellor's decision to backtrack on his VAT pledge. Mr Sunak had previously refused to scrap VAT on energy bills but appeared to announce a change in his position only Tuesday. Ms Nugent said: "I know that you are Team Sunak. Why is Rishi Sunak doing a U-turn on VAT on energy bills?" Mr Shapps said: "I don't really accept that at all. He's provided a lot of help in the past on energy bills. "And, overall, in this cost of living squeeze, some £37 billion have helped. “So I think the idea of proving another £4.2 billion off energy bills by removing VAT for one year only is somehow a departs from what he’s been doing .  “It’s incorrectly described what he has in mind, which is trying to help people as we now know where the energy cap may fall or the likely price of gas as we get towards the autumn. “Proposing assistance now is both timely and a good measure which is not inflationary." Ms Nugent pointed out: “This is the man who said he will not be cutting taxes just suggesting he will cut VAT on energy bills if the cap goes over £3000." Mr Shapps responded: "That’s not accurate. READ MORE: Cost-of-living crisis forces families out of the countryside - Poll “As everyone can see, he’s just provided what some described the behest ever tax cut this month. “We saw a huge tax cut for anybody earning their NIC. “That’s a huge tax cut. “He’s also outlined other tax cuts. DON'T MISS: Putin suffers huge blow as vital Bridge bombed [WATCH]Putin hit by uprising as Russians burn Kremlin 'swastika" [LISTEN]China sends troops and tanks to Russia for massive military exercises [INSIGHT] “This particular measure along with many other measures which provided £1200 to the hardest pressed households already, is targeted to make sure that some of those energy bills that have been going up very fast because of Putin’s invasion of Ukraine are tackled. “It’s consistent with what he has done in the past. “It isn’t inflationary, and those are the two important things about this". The comments came as Sunak announced his VAT cut on energy bills plan on Tuesday night as part of his new “winter plan”. He said the tax cut would be “temporary and targeted”. The proposal marks a change of direction in his policy after he repeatedly confirmed his intentions to wait for tax cut implementations until inflation is under control. READ NEXT: : Zelensky's men kill up to 200 elite Wagner mercenariesHuman remains found in drought stricken California lake Pippa Middleton to follow in sister's footsteps with new titleHarry and Meghan in bust up ahead of major royal eventHarry's book to be 'totally eclipsed' by Michelle Obama 