As Meghan and Harry become more vocal and more political, breaking the royal mantra of “never complain, never explain”, a royal commentator has warned the rest of the Firm could strike back. After repeated media provocations, including the now-infamous bombshell interview with Oprah Winfrey, the Sussexes have been warned that there is only so much the Royal Family can take. As rumours circulate that the couple are teasing another Oprah interview and Harry works on his tell-all memoirs, the Firm is likely watching the Sussexes’ next move. So far the Queen, and the rest of the Royal Family, have been largely silent about the couple's media provocations. However, if Harry’s book or the couple's Netflix series hits out at the Firm, royal commentator Daniela Elser has questioned whether the rest of the family will continue to sit idly by.  She said: “If Harry’s book and/or their Netflix series sees them paint big fresh targets on the monarchy’s backs then will Queen & co. sit idly by and suffer through a fresh hellish round of monarchical character assassinations?” Ms Elser warned that they likely wouldn’t and claimed “the Firm has some very sharp teeth”. Writing for news.com.au, she said: “Thus far the Sussexes’ repeated media provocations have been met with a certain imperviousness and contrived dismissiveness from London but should the duke and duchess continue to bait the Royal Family, we might soon discover that The Firm has some very sharp teeth.” For example, the family could pressure the couple to stop using their official titles, leaving them less recognisable to the public. READ MORE: Russia in FLAMES: Devastating explosion rips through key gas pipeline  She added: “For example, the duo do still, of course, use their gifted Sussex titles from the Queen, day in and day out. “While only parliament could officially revoke those titles, that is not to say the weight of the Crown and Harry’s father and brother could not be brought to bear to pressure them to no longer use them.” Ms Elser also questioned whether the couple would be as “marketable” if they were known only by their names, Prince Harry and Meghan Mountbatten-Windsor. The news comes as the Duke and Duchess of Sussex continued to wade into politics - Harry recently gave a speech to the United Nations and there have been speculation surrounding Meghan Markle’s political aspirations. Joe Biden's sister, Valerie Biden Owens, told ITV's Good Morning Britain that the Democratic Party would "welcome her" - sparking interest in an eventual Presidential bid. DON'T MISS:Royal LIVE: 'Hit after hit' Harry and Meghan suffer '12 days' of hell [LIVE]'End of the Euro!' European currency in a 'trap' and will 'explode' [INSIGHT]Morrisons petrol station emergency as camper van bursts into flames [REPORT]  When Ms Biden Owens was asked if Meghan would make a good candidate for the US Presidency she said: "Yes, perhaps - of course she will." All of this threatens to break the already strained relationship between the Sussexes and the House of Windsor. If the couple press ahead with “painting a target on the monarchy’s back”, the results could be them severing ties for good. Already, Meghan and Harry were excluded from the Trooping of the Colour Buckingham Palace balcony appearance at the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee as it was limited to working members of the Royal Family. In fact, the Sussexes were absent from most of the celebrations’ events and returned to California before the Jubilee had ended. 