Vanessa (played by Michelle Hardwick) has fallen head over heels for Suzy (Martelle Ediborough) on Emmerdale, with the relationship progressing at a rapid pace. Yet, the ITV soap vet doesn't know her girlfriend's biggest secret that she played a part in Holly Barton's (Sophie Powles) death. When she discovers the truth in upcoming scenes, it leaves her rocked to the core but when it comes to telling the world Suzy's secret, it seems the beloved villager could take deadly revenge. The drama continues in next week's episodes as Suzy and Priya Sharma (Fiona Wade) are busy getting prepared for the Take A Vow showcase at the HOP. Unfortunately, the relative newcomer to the show doesn't realise one of the pieces of her previous work included in the slideshow is a picture of Holly. It was taken on the day she died, which is an incredibly painful memory for her mother, Moira Barton (Natalie J Robb) and Suzy as she gave Holly the money for the drugs which she overdosed on. With Belle Dingle (Eden Taylor-Draper) and Jai Sharma (Chris Bisson) getting the presentation underway, the whole room is left reeling when they see Holly. Moira demands Suzy tell her why she has a picture of her daughter and she only starts to connect the dots it was the day Holly died when the deceased's mother informs her that was the dress she found her child in. READ MORE: Helen Skelton praised as she returns for On The Farm after split Unfortunately, instead of telling the grieving mother the truth, Suzy lies to her face about how she really knew Holly. When they return home later, Vanessa confronts Suzy about her past and unlike Moira, she doesn't let the matter drop. As Suzy knows she's been caught out, she tells her girlfriend everything about her connection to Holly and how she might have caused her death. The village vet doesn't know what to do with his information but she knows Holly's family need to be told the truth as well. When Moira turns up, both Vanessa and Suzy are fearful she overheard their conversation about her daughter's death. However, they are both left confused when Moira ends up apologising for lashing out at Suzy at the showcase as she didn't mean to cause a scene. Vanessa thinks now would be the moment to tell Holly's mother the truth but she's disappointed when her girlfriend continues to lie. Suzy pleads with the vet to keep her secret and not tell anyone else, especially no one from the Barton family or connected to them. Having become really good friends with Moira, Vanessa is left seriously conflicted over what she should do; stay loyal to her girlfriend or tell Holly's mother the truth? Instead of keeping the information to herself, Vanessa could tell Moira the secret once she has killed Suzy for causing Holly's death. DON'T MISS...Nicola Wheeler health: Emmerdale star opens up about operation [COMMENT]Charley Webb leaves Emmerdale co-stars in tears with moving clip [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Charley Webb laments 'crying, screaming and arguing' kids [COMMENT] The vet could try to reason with Suzy again in the coming weeks and when she fails to listen to her, Vanessa could end up making the conversation heated. As Vanessa tells her girlfriend she is going to go and tell Moira, Suzy could block her from leaving the house as she becomes scared. Knowing the newcomer can't keep her hostage, the village vet could hit her around the head and kill her instantly in the process. Explaining what happened to the authorities, Vanessa could state it was a matter of self-defence and she was scared for her life. Will the police buy her version of events and will this mean she gets away with murder as she claims her first victim? Speaking about the latest storyline for her character, the actress who plays Vanessa, Michelle, has addressed her character's reaction to Suzy's secret. The soap star said: "She is devastated. She thinks Suzy isn’t the person she thought and even says that every day they’ve been together has just been a lie. "When Vanessa thinks about Johnny, she realises how scary that is, Suzy has been with her child when she’s potentially been high. "I think Suzy is really good at hiding things and at one point, Vanessa even says that she’s been taken for a mug because Suzy’s so good at lying. "She had no idea," the actress said. It seems Vanessa could start to see her girlfriend in a very different light and this could create huge issues in their relationship. Michelle added: "Suzy does try and get out of it to start, then she says, 'I don’t do that anymore' but Vanessa absolutely thinks it’s too late. "There have been too many lies, Vanessa just sees this different person, the trust is definitely gone. "You think there is nothing else and then Suzy explains things, and I think Vanessa says, 'Sorry? Am I living in a parallel universe?' This is a joke, surely? Is there any more skeletons in the cupboard? It’s just the minefield all within the space of a month!" Does Vanessa have it in her to take Suzy down? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.