The UK's inflation rate has soared even further to 9.4 percent, the Office of National Statistics (ONS) confirmed yesterday (July 20). Some financial experts believe that the rate will rise even further to 11 percent in the coming months as the cost of living crisis puts further pressure on households. The Bank of England has increased interest rates recently in a bid to combat inflation, however new research suggests subsequ this could be in vain. New research by finder.com has revealed that easy-access savings rates have lost 13.5 percent of their value against inflation since 2017. Taking into account that the average person currently has an estimated £7,500 in savings, this means the average savers will have lost around £1,000. This data came out just prior to this week’s inflation rise, which means savers are likely to have lost even more than £1,000. When the research was carried out, inflation was at 9.1 percent while the average easy-access savings account had an interest rate of 0.59 percent. READ MORE: State pensioners may be able to increase sum by up to £14.75 weekly  According to finder.com, if this trend were to continue throughout 2022, someone’s savings would effectively lose 8.5 percent. This would be the average saver missing out of £639 in their savings within 2022 alone. If inflation hits 11 percent and rates remain stagnant, savings accounts are estimated to lose 10.5 percent, or £789, in value each year. Despite the interventions of banks and building societies to raise interest rates, many are unable to compete with the 40-year high inflation rate currently in place. Just last year, the lowest average interest rate recorded in the past 35 years was recorded at 0.35 percent. Households are desperately looking for better savings options as the double whammy of soaring energy prices and inflation continues to hurt peoples’ living standards. Michelle Stevens, a banking expert at finder.com, outlined the threat the rising inflation rate poses to peoples’ savings. Ms Stevens explained: “The fact that savings accounts are currently losing people a lot of money in real terms is yet another worrying outcome from the cost of living crisis. READ MORE: ‘Game over!’ Woman, 42, watches as hackers steal £10,000 in attack   “They are still a prudent choice for many consumers given the security they offer and the fact that they do still earn you interest, however it may not be a sustainable option for many if inflation doesn’t start to come down soon. “However, a bear market - that many predict will get worse - isn’t inspiring confidence in choices like investing or cryptocurrency either.” The financial expert also cautioned that any promise of an interest rate which will beat inflation could result in someone losing all their savings. She added: “The potential to get inflation-beating returns also comes with the possibility of losing some or all of your money.”  However, Ms Stevens noted that there are still options available for those looking to boost their savings despite the unflattering inflation rate. “One option to protect your money, for those under 40, is to get an ISA,” she said. “A Lifetime ISA offers a guaranteed 25 percent return (up to £1,000 per year) but it must only be used to buy a first property or taken out after reaching 60 or you will forfeit the interest on the account. “Also, putting more into your pension pot could be another option as you get employer contributions and tax relief from the Government.”