With diet playing a huge part in a person's weight loss journey, numerous studies have shown that adding spices and herbs can be equally as essential. Not only do their add a punch of flavour to dishes, their benefits have been shown to reduce hunger, enhance fat burning and increase metabolism. Some people avoid spices like chillis because they contain the compound capsaicin, which is the heat-causing chemical inside. The effects can vary from person to person but there have been several scientific studies published that have linked hot chilli peppers with weight loss. The moderately hot chilli pepper is commonly used to add a fiery kick people's meals. According to findings from various studies, it can "improve metabolism" and burn more calories throughout the day. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake It also suppresses appetite, with a small trial finding that capsaicin capsules boosted feelings of fullness and reduced total calorie consumption. Nutritionist Emma Derbyshire explained: "Capsaicinoids are a group of chemicals naturally occurring in chilli peppers. "They have properties that may help to support weight management." She revealed the research indicted that a daily consumption of capsaicin "may contribute to weight loss through reductions in energy intake". But hot chillis aren't the only spices and herbs that have been found to aid weight loss in some cases. Others include: Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] Fenugreek is a common spice made from a legume plant called Trigonella foenum-graecum. According to Healthline, it has been shown in several studies that fenugreek may help control appetite and reduce food intake to support weight loss. In one study, 18 people that consumed eight grams of fenugreek fibre per day felt "fuller and less likely" to overeat compared to that of the other groups. If a person's appetite is under control, they are less likely to overeat and therefore lose weight. READ MORE: Michael Mosley weight loss: Remove three foods to stay slim Ginger, or ginger root, is a popular choice to add to a variety of meals to offer flavour. But it also has weight loss benefits by improving metabolism and fat burning while reducing fat absorption and cravings. In a small study, 14 people who supplemented with ginger saw a drastic reduction in "body weight and belly fat". Researchers found that consuming ginger can "enhance calorie burning and reduce feelings of hunger". It's also been linked to other health benefits such as lowering cholesterol, blood sugar, blood pressure, inflammatory proteins and liver health. This spice is part of the parsley family and has quite a distinct nutty flavour. Researchers that conducted a three-month study into how it can accelerate weight loss and fat burning found that those who supplemented cumin twice a day lost more weight than those who didn't. The female participants consumed yogurt with three grams of cumin two times per day and burnt more body fat than another control group. This potent plant is linked to weight loss in numerous studies, with participants in a small trial seeing significant weight loss and changes in gut microbial composition over eight weeks. They were taking Korean ginseng twice daily in order to see if it helped with weight reduction.