The Duke of Sussex is challenging a Home Office decision not to allow him to personally pay for police protection for himself and his family while on British soil. The Queen’s grandson and his American wife Meghan Markle lost their taxpayer-funded police protection in the aftermath of their sensational decision to quit royal duties to forge new careers in California in 2020.  Since then, the couple have relied upon a private security team in the US but legal representatives argue this team does not have adequate jurisdiction abroad or access to UK intelligence information which is needed to keep the Sussex family safe. A legal representative for Harry said the Duke wants to fund the security himself, rather than ask taxpayers to foot the bill.But now it has emerged the Home Office has racked up a £90,094.79 bill between September and May. This £55,254 on the Government Legal Department, £34,824 on counsel and £16.55 on couriers, according to The Sun. The figures come after Harry won a bid to bring a High Court challenge against the Home Office over his UK security arrangements. In the first stage of the case earlier this month, the duke's lawyers asked Mr Justice Swift to grant permission for a full hearing to have a judge review the Home Office's decision. And in a judgment on Friday, the High Court judge said the case could proceed, granting permission for part of Harry's claim to have a judicial review.  READ MORE: William 'set to follow' in Harry's footsteps 'out of royal bubble' Mr Justice Swift said: "The application for permission to apply for judicial review is allowed in part and refused in part." The judge ruled that it can be argued Prince Harry should have "had the opportunity to make representations to Ravec" which was a point in one of the duke's grounds. Harry was granted permission on the arguments including that Ravec's decisions were legally unreasonable, and that the duke should have been told about Ravec's policy before its decision in February 2020.  DON'T MISS Prince Harry and Meghan security row could be solved with ad-hoc plan [INSIGHT]Royal Family LIVE: Meghan steps in as Harry 'worried sick' [BLOG]Prince Harry 'panicking' over memoir as it 'will upset Royal Family' [CLAIMS] Discussing one part of Harry's claim, Mr Justice Swift said it was "arguable" whether the Duke "should have had the opportunity to make representations direct to Ravec, including the opportunity to comment on other matters Ravec considered". However, the judge denied permission for other parts of Harry's claim, including that he should have been told who the members of Ravec were and that he did not have the chance to discuss the "appropriateness" of some people being involved in the committee. Mr Justice Swift said: "In the course of submissions, it became apparent that, while the claimant may have had disagreements with persons who were Ravec committee members, there was no evidence at all to support a claim that any committee member had approached decisions with a closed mind... Ultimately it was accepted for the claimant that no such case was, or could be, advanced."  The Duke's lawyers had also argued that Ravec's policy was applied in an "overly rigid and inflexible manner", but the judge said this part of the claim could also not go ahead. Mr Justice Swift added: "As all who are familiar with judicial review claims will know, a conclusion at the permission stage that a case is arguable is some distance from a conclusion that that the case will succeed at final hearing."  Harry has argued that he cannot ensure the protection of Meghan and their two children Archie Harrison and Lilibet Diana without the Met Police because of their access to UK intelligence. But the Sussexes returned to the UK last month to mark the Platinum Jubilee celebrations of Harry’s beloved grandmother, the Queen.