While others behave as if they are about to be put on trial for crimes against wokery, and refuse to speak in normal sentences when asked about gender and sex, Ms Badenoch remains uncowed by the idea that if she fails to pay sufficient heed to the demands of the trans lobby she will be cancelled. Last weekend, for example, it emerged that she has told officials that it should be a requirement that new non-residential buildings must have both male and female lavatories. Does this strike you as being in any way controversial? Of course it doesn’t. It is as uncontroversial as stating that there are two sexes, male and female. But it is now extremely controversial to say that. Point out that if you are born male then biologically you are a male, even if you choose to “identify” as a woman – the same in reverse if born female – and you are labelled a bigot, a transphobe or, if you are female, a TERF (an insulting acronym that stands for transexclusionary radical feminist). There are a small number of people who do not feel comfortable with their biological sex. We should treat them with kindness and consideration. But that does not mean that the overwhelming majority of people who were born as one sex and are happy to remain that sex should have to ignore biology and science and pander to every whim of the trans lobby. Take loos. Just before lockdown I went to see a production at London’s Old Vic theatre. The performance was entirely unmemorable. The toilets, on the other hand… Instead of the traditional squiggle pic of a man or a woman, they had signs showing a cubicle and a urinal. It was clear what they meant – well, sort of. But just in case, the Old Vic offered a statement explaining: “You can choose which one you want to use, rather than responding to a label placed on you which you may not identify with.” Typically for this sort of guff, the statement ended with a barefaced lie: “Our ultimate aim is to be considerate of everyone’s needs and safety.”  The only people who might have been affected by the previous split between male and female urinals were the tiny number of biological males who identified as female. Had everyone’s needs and safety been the aim, all the Old Vic needed to do was install one gender-neutral toilet. But that is never enough. Instead, the norms of science and biology have to be uprooted and replaced with trans ideology. And the pattern here is horribly familiar because, at root, these supposed progressive changes are fundamentally misogynist. It is always – with no exception – women (biological women, in other words) whose rights are targeted. To be blunt, few men would care if a woman – biological or trans – walked into a male loo. But for women, that is certainly not the case. It may be easy to laugh about toilets – and what now seems the de rigueur habit of talking about “pregnant people” and “people with cervixes” rather than using the word “women” – yet the consequences of this mania are alarming. The dramatic increase in children being treated for gender dysphoria, for example, will have lifelong consequences. More basically, in areas where women are housed en masse and are especially vulnerable, such as prisons, there is a straightforward threat of attack. Karen White, for example, was jailed for life after admitting sexually assaulting women in HMP New Hall, a female prison. The prosecution described White as an “alleged transgender female” who used her “transgender persona” to put herself in contact with vulnerable women in a female prison.  And Jessica Winfield, formerly known as Martin Ponting, was a convicted rapist who was moved to a female prison after gender reassignment surgery. Women’s aid groups and refuges are under attack by the trans lobby for refusing to allow trans women to enter their premises – when the entire purpose of those premises is that women who have been abused are protected from men. Sport is another area where reality has been distorted. Here, however, the tide seems to be turning. Last month the governing body of swimming, Fina, voted to ban transgender women from elite female competitions. Lord Coe, president of World Athletics, hailed this as in “the best interests of sport”. There are positive signs that this madness is being resisted. Too many of us, however, are afraid to speak up. That’s understandable – but like Kemi Badenoch, we must. 