Prince Harry and Meghan Markle threw a first birthday bash for their daughter Lili at Frogmore Cottage on June 4 during their visit to Britain for the Platinum Jubilee. But according to royal expert Camilla Tominey, only Zara and Mike Tindall and Peter Phillips' children attended. Ms Tominey cited a source as saying members of the Royal Family were not keen to admit to being involved in the birthday do. Writing in the Telegraph, she said: "Although the wider family were invited to Lilibet’s first birthday party on the Saturday, only the Tindalls’ and Mr Phillips’ children attended, while their parents spent the afternoon at the Epsom Derby. "According to one source: 'There was a bit of reluctance among the royals to admit to having any involvement in Lilibet’s birthday party.'" Close friends and family were invited to celebrate Lili's birthday at the Sussexes' former Windsor home. A spokesman for the couple did not name the family members who attended. Guests enjoyed a picnic, face painting and cake at the birthday party. Prince William and Kate did not attend as they took Prince George and Princess Charlotte to Wales that day to carry out Jubilee engagements. Harry and Meghan later shared a sweet snap of Lili taken during her birthday do. READ MORE: Meghan heads for 'bigger and better things' as she eyes White House The photo shows the smiling tot, dressed in a pale blue dress and with a white bow in her hair, sitting outside. The picture was taken by photographer and friend of the couple Misan Harriman. He said: "It was such a privilege to celebrate the 1st birthday of Lilibet with my family and hers! Joy and face painting all around." DON'T MISSRoyal: Meghan & Harry 'disappointed' bullying probe kept secretMeghan and Harry warned 'the Firm wins' if new Oprah chat goes aheadHarry being 'dragged around like performing seal' since meeting Meghan Lilibet's birthday fell during the Platinum Jubilee bank holiday weekend. It marked the first time Harry and Meghan had returned to the UK with their children Archie, three, and Lili since Megxit. They introduced the Queen to her namesake great-granddaughter, who was born in California, for the first time during the extended weekend. The Sussexes made their first public appearance alongside the Windsors since stepping down as working royals two years ago for the service of thanksgiving at St Pauls's Cathedral. They also attended Trooping the Colour where they joined members of the Royal Family watching from the Major General’s Office overlooking Horse Guards Parade. However they were absent from many of the other festivities as they kept a low profile. The couple are living in Montecito after quitting royal duties in 2020. 