Queen Elizabeth II is celebrating 70 years on the throne this year, offering the country a period to look back at some of the defining moments of her reign. In this time, she has witnessed some of the country’s most pivotal moments in history. She saw World War 2; Winston Churchill retire in 1955; the UK join the European Economic Community (EEC) in 1973; Margaret Thatcher become the first female Prime Minister in 1979 and the Falklands War in 1982. More recent key moments include Tony Blair's election triumph in 1997, a Scottish referendum on independence in 2014 and the UK's decision to leave the EU in 2016. By convention, the Queen has always been obliged to remain strictly neutral on these issues. But in 2011, an author made a shocking claim that the Queen suggested the EU was getting "rather big" and expressed concerns about Turkey potentially joining the bloc. Joan Smith, an author and broadcaster, who was at the time in a relationship with Denis MacShane, a former Europe Minister, recalled her time with the monarch to the Daily Telegraph, saying: “I was present when the Queen made a comment that was both reactionary and unconstitutional. “It was at a Christmas party at Buckingham Palace. It was mostly MPs and ex-ministers. “Before the Queen came in, a small group of us were asked to stand in the corner and wait to be introduced. "I smiled and said, 'Hello’ and she looked at me with almost disbelief and passed on to the next person. "It was a nice Conservative MP and his wife, who, he said, was Turkish. She immediately said: 'Philip and I have been on a state visit to Turkey.’ “The woman was very polite and said how pleased people were that she had visited. "Then, the Queen turned to another person in the group and said: 'The EU is getting awfully big with 28 countries.’ "They said that, actually, it was 27, 'but we are hoping Turkey will come in soon’, to which the Queen said, 'Oh, we don’t want Turkey to come in for a long time.’" Buckingham Palace did not comment on the claims made by Ms Smith, but a courtier later told the Daily Telegraph: “While it is not beyond the realms of possibility that Her Majesty made such a comment, it may have been taken out of context. READ MORE: Royal Family ‘shut down’ filming for The Crown season 5 “The Queen has a good relationship with Turkey and Miss Smith is, I believe, a prominent republican.” This was not the last time the Queen would be accused of interfering in politics. During the tense final days of the Scottish referendum campaign in 2014, the Queen made a speech at Balmoral estate in Scotland, in which she said, “Well, I hope people will think very carefully about the future.” The comments angered pro-independence figures. In 2020, it was also claimed the Queen was prepared to intervene in the Scottish independence referendum campaign of 2014. Lionel Barber, the former editor of the Financial Times and reporter for The Scotsman told the Sunday Times: "I can tell you that down in London they panicked. DON'T MISSMeghan 'did everything she could to stop' Bower speaking to friends [INSIGHT]'Wow' Queen Rania of Jordan stuns in stylish £995 denim skirt [ANALYSIS]Royals reunited as Queen Margrethe and Anne-Marie join in Denmark [INSIGHT] "There is this scene where I am at Buckingham Palace invited by the roguish Duke of York to lunch with the Chinese foreign minister, and Andrew suddenly half lets loose that the Queen is going to intervene on the Sunday. "They had clearly planned it... it was very artfully done. I'm sure that David Cameron did the same thing which he later did with Barack Obama who he got to intervene on Brexit. "I bet, and I can't prove it, that he made a desperate SOS call to Buckingham Palace to set that Sunday thing up... Andrew knew about it." SNP MP Tommy Sheppard responded to the claims, saying: "This is shocking and extremely concerning. "If true, it means that political pressure was applied to the Queen to press her into areas where the monarch should not go. “I would hope that the palace would be able to give reassurance that the Queen will remain steadfastly neutral in the next referendum."