The Shop Price Index, a monthly inflation measure based on 500 common high street products, hit 4.4 percent in July, the highest level on record. Food price increases were the driving force behind this, none more so than dairy. Although the cost-of-living crisis has seen prices soar across the board, Lurpak brand butter seems to have been affected more than most, much to the annoyance of the public. One-kilo (2.2lbs) tubs of Lurpak now regularly exceed £9 on supermarket shelves. Perhaps no other product has come to typify the cost-of-living crisis quite as well in the minds of British consumers, as images of the Danish spreadable butter alongside other dairy products fastened in security tags have trended online. Grocery shoppers in budget supermarket Iceland reported a £9.35 price tag for one-kilo tubs earlier in July, while online retailer Ocado sells them for £9, topped by Sainsbury’s offering, working out to cost £9.67 a kilo.  Earlier this month, a statement from Lurpak's owner Arla Foods said: “We understand that recent inflation in food prices is hitting many households really hard right now. “Unfortunately, our farmers are facing a similar situation with prices for the feed, fertiliser and fuel they need to produce milk, all rising significantly in recent months. “While we don't set the prices on the shelves, we do work closely with the retailers to ensure our farmers receive a fair price for the milk they produce.” The Shop Price Index report commissioned by the British Retail Consortium (BRC) released today provides further insight into these pressures.  READ MORE: BBC TV licence fee defence sparks backlash as Brits demand change Shop price annual inflation surged from 3.1 percent in June to 4.4 percent in July in its twelfth consecutive monthly rise, reaching its highest level since the index began in 2005. The main driving force behind this was food inflation, which hit seven percent in July, up from 5.6 percent in June — the highest inflation rate since May 2009. Dairy wholesale prices reported the most striking price increases of all over the last year: bulk cream is up 89 percent, butter 84 percent, mild cheddar 59 percent and skim milk powder 56 percent. Data from the Office of National Statistics (ONS) released last week mirrored these findings, reporting food prices had risen 9.8 percent in the year to June, citing dairy and eggs as having become particularly more expensive.  DON'T MISS:POLL: Should the UK be hosting the Eurovision Song Contest? [POLL]Spain to force Brits to prove they can spend £85 a day [REVEAL]'Oh my God' Truss and Sunak panic as Tory debate pulled OFF AIR [REACTION]Brian May bids farewell to 'dear pal' on final night of tour [REPORT]   The average price of a 500g tub of spreadable butter has increased by 21 percent over the last year to £3.98, according to the ONS. Yet other brands remain significantly cheaper than Lurpak, with competitors Bertoli and Country Life typically costing under £3.50 for a 500g pack. Lurpak contains 28 percent rapeseed oil, to Country Life’s 25 percent and Bertoli’s 21 percent. Alongside their stated commitment to ensuring their supplying farmers are fairly compensated, Lurpak’s relatively high oil content means it is likely more affected than its rivals by high oil prices.  Oil prices have knock-on effects at every stage of the supply-chain, increasing the energy bill of production as well as transportation costs. Shipping costs are currently four times higher than before the pandemic, according to the BRC report. The raft of sanctions imposed on Russia, Europe’s largest supplier of oil, in response to its invasion of Ukraine have sent prices soaring, in turn driving up the price of oil-heavy products. Restrictions on the importing of natural gas, a direct input in fertiliser production, have also added to the costs of farming.   According to the BRC report, fertiliser prices have almost quadrupled over the past year. BRC Chief Executive Helen Dickinson OBE said: “As inflation reaches new heights, retailers are doing all they can to absorb as much of these rising costs as possible and to look for efficiencies in their businesses and supply chain. “With households enduring a cost-of-living crunch, retailers are expanding their value ranges to offer the widest variety of goods to those most in need, providing discounts to vulnerable groups, and raising staff pay. “Nevertheless, households and businesses must prepare for a difficult period as inflationary pressures hit home.”