Rapper and hip-hop legend LL Cool J has also been known for his iconic role as NCIS Los Angeles Special Agent Sam Hanna for the past 13 years. Ahead of his return to CBS with his long-running co-star Chris O’Donnell, the star has taken to Instagram with a first-look at the highly anticipated inaugural Rock the Bells music festival. In his latest Instagram post, the NCIS favourite excited his followers with a new trailer for Rock the Bells’ 2022 revival. The rapper founded the festival in 2018, taking its name from his 1985 hit. He took back ownership of the Rock the Bells brand after another festival used the name from 2004-2013. LL captioned the video: “Because this culture and these artists deserve to be elevated to the highest heights.” READ MORE: Duchess of Cornwall hits back at ‘royal racist’ claims “Because this culture and art form changed the lives of people born in impoverished communities around the world. “Because HIP-Hop culture is not disposable. That's why we do, what we do. That’s why we are The Champions of Hip-Hop.” (sic) LL appears in the video himself as a grocery store shopper buying items labelled with artists who will be taking part in the festival. He also reunites with actor friend Omar Epps, having starred together in the 1999 crime film In Too Deep. The festival’s star-studded line-up includes the likes of Ice Cube, Rick Ross, Lil Kim, The Diplomats, Fat Joe, Remy Ma and Scarface. Fans were thrilled by the update, and took to the comments to anticipate LL’s upcoming collaboration with some fellow hip-hop legends. @rockgirlz80s replied: “Can't wait to be there with y'all.” @profhen said: “Outstanding. I know ya'll gonna give the people what they want.” DON'T MISS:GB News sparks uproar over claims Meghan was ‘on manhunt’ [COMMENT]GB News viewer fume France ‘punishing UK’ for EU exit [OPINION]Rick Grimes movie cancellation explained by The Walking Dead boss [UPDATE] @texasgal_78 exclaimed: “This right here is EVERYTHING!! Brilliant.” Tearful fan @therealmrsrossi commented: “Wish I could be there!” Excited local @sdotunlimited added: “My neighbourhood, let’s go!” “These commercials have been on point,” @mr.pete_rose said with several fire emojis. Rock the Bells’ first festival was announced back in April this year, and will take place on August 6. LL will be returning to his hometown in Queens, New York at the Forest Hills Stadium for the one-night hip-hop event. In a recent tweet, he said: “I founded @RockTheBells because I believe Hiphop culture isn’t disposable. I also believe true art/artists don’t have an expiration date.” (sic) After his return to the stage next week, LL will reunite with co-stars Chris, Eric Christian Olsen, Daniela Ruah and more for the 14th season of NCIS: Los Angeles. NCIS: Los Angeles season 14 premieres Sunday, October 9 on CBS in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.