You may dust the skirting board below the radiator, and the pictures hanging on the wall above, but when was the last time you cleaned the dust and dirt that’s sitting inside the radiator? Clean It, Fix It’s cleaning expert Maxine Dwyer showed BBC viewers an easy hack to get into those hard-to-reach areas inside and behind a radiator. The Clean It, Fix It team were visiting Jan, who had lived in her three-bedroom house for over 30 years. But because Jan works seven days a week, she has little time to clean and organise, and every surface was covered in a thick layer of dust. Maxine began cleaning the bedroom and moved some of the furniture only to uncover a lot of dirt and dust. She picked up a lump of hair and dust and remarked: “Look at this - wow!” READ MORE: ‘It will disappear’ Free hack to remove yellow stains from white items Every home has some level of dust which is a combination of skin cells, insect matter, soil and other contaminants. You can find about six milligrams of it per square metre. The cleaning expert then turned her attention to the radiator: “I’m looking in the middle of the radiator. “Hairs galore,” she said pulling out another clump of dirt. DON'T MISS...Keep lemons firm and juicy for 4 weeks with easy food storage hack [EXPERT]Homes Under the Hammer buyer makes £95k after basic £5k refurb [VIDEO]Five ‘healthy’ foods you should avoid if you want to lose weight [COMMENT] Every home has some level of dust which is a combination of skin cells, insect matter, soil and other contaminants. You can find about six milligrams of it per square metre. The cleaning expert then turned her attention to the radiator: “I’m looking in the middle of the radiator. “Hairs galore,” she said pulling out another clump of dirt. “Behind everybody's radiators, you’re going to find dust, some more than others. “So it is important to clean them every so often.” While most people's heating will be switched off for the next few months, a dusty radiator can affect your heating bills as it may make them 30 percent less efficient. As for how you go about cleaning inside or behind a radiator, Maxine had a handy hack. READ MORE: How often should you clean a dishwasher to kill 'nasty germs'? “Coat hangers are good for lots of things,” the presenter said. Using a wire coat hanger, she twisted it out of its hanger shape and into one long piece of wire. She kept the hook on one end and tied a microfibre cloth to it. “It’s just a coathanger with a microfibre, and that’s it,” Maxine said. “Tie it up securely otherwise it will get lost. “Shove it into the radiator, take it along, pull it up, vacuum - it’s not hard, you’ve got a coathanger, you’ve got an old rag - shove it in and Bob’s your uncle!” She remarked. Once the majority of the dust has been removed, you can dampen the cloth and this makes it easier for any remnants of dust to stick to it and be removed.