A major incident was declared by local authorities due to the volume of traffic heading towards the Port of Dover. The disruption started on Friday and a spokesperson for the port said: “We are deeply frustrated that the resource at the French border overnight and early this morning has been woefully inadequate to meet our predicted demand and even more deeply regret the consequences that will now be felt by so many.” French officials said technical problems on the Channel Tunnel meant that some were late to work yet the running was a joint responsibility between the British and French authorities. READ MORE: French have not forgiven us' Dover delays slammed over Brexit revenge Foreign Secretary and Tory leadership hopeful Liz Truss said the delays were “unacceptable” and the situation was “entirely avoidable”. She said: “We need action from France to build up capacity at the border to limit any further disruption for British tourists and to ensure this appalling situation is avoided in future.” Leadership rival and former Chancellor Rishi Sunak said France needed “to stop blaming Brexit and start getting the staff required to match demand”. Conservative MP for Dover, Natalie Elphicke, told Sky News on Saturday, July 23, that the disruption was “appalling”. She said: “It was a dreadful start to that summer getaway yesterday and an appalling situation for residents in Dover too. There simply weren't enough French border police.” “Today I am hearing the French workers have turned up and they are expected to be manning the booths at capacity but there will be a knock-on effect as there always is when there is an issue that has happened at the ports.” Former Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt told LBC on Monday, July 25: “There may be some short term issues in terms of the staffing on the French side, that’s what we have been hearing. “But the bigger issue, really, is there's a lack of willingness in the French government to be cooperative with Britain in any way at all. “They are furious about Brexit, they are furious with Boris, they think we've mucked up their long-term plan for a united Europe.” However, others have said Brexit is to blame for the delays due to the increased checks needed at the border. Calais MP Pierre-Henri Dumont told the BBC they need “to run more checks than before”. DON'T MISS: France to blame for Dover chaos over after refusing to cooperate [VIDEO]James Cleverly blames NOT Brexit but French: NEVER part of Schengen [INSIGHT]'Accept Brexit!' Dolan takes aim at France over Channel crossing chaos [LATEST] He claimed on Sunday, July 24, it was “fake news” to blame the French authorities for the disruption. Port of Dover chief executive Doug Bannister said: “We are operating in a post-Brexit environment which does mean that passports need to be checked, they need to be stamped and indeed the capable people that do man the booths, Police aux Frontieres, they're doing their job that they need to do now.” He added that Brexit means “there will be increased transaction times at the border” and the port had “created more border capacity so that e overall throughput can be maintained”. So what do YOU think? Are the French to blame for travel chaos at Dover and Folkestone? Vote in our poll and join the debate in the comment section below.