In Countryfile's latest episode, viewers saw Matt Baker and Margherita Taylor visit the New Forest in Hampshire where the community has come together to help Ukrainian refugees. Elsewhere, Adam discovered the impact that the war is having on agriculture in the country.  Since the Russian invasion of Ukraine happened in February, roughly seven million residents have fled the country. Many people in the rural areas of the UK have welcomed those refugees into their homes providing safety and shelter. Although Countryfile’s Matt and Margherita were looking at how the countryside is helping those people to heal, Adam explored the consequences the war is having on farmers. Viewers were told that other countries Ukraine sell their crops to may have to look elsewhere as they’re unable to get the grains out of the country    The presenter revealed that this would have a knock-on effect on food price rises and also shortages. Adam then spoke to a Dutch farmer who works and lives in Ukraine. He told the host that from his farm, there were around 30 people that went to join the army to fight for their country. The farmer revealed that diesel is a big problem at the moment as ports are being closed off and 90% of his produce went through them.    He said: “We can’t get rid of last year’s harvest, there’s still 25 to 30 million tons of grain left in Ukraine out of 90 million tons produced last year, it’s huge.” The Countryfile presenter then asked if there are other ways that they're able to get their stuff out either through rail or truck. To which the farmer replied: “The railroads in Ukraine have a capacity of like 500 tons per 24 hours so that’s nothing. “With trucks it’s bureaucracy, there’s whole lists of papers you need to provide and they all have to be checked.”   Shocked at the situation, Adam added: “The situation is critical isn’t it, it's very serious, but it could get a lot worse?” Viewers were then informed that they won’t be able to get the 20 million tons of grains out of the country before the next harvest which will have consequences throughout the next few years. Adam said: “It’s causing serious global food problems isn’t it?” The farmer admitted that it could result in food shortages around the world mainly in East Africa and some Arabic countries.  He continued: “If people would understand farming and the huge logistics behind it then this could have been prevented.” Adam then asked how confident he was that the situation would get sorted out eventually. To which he admitted he was nervous but still hopeful the UK will continue to support them so they can carry on farming. Countryfile continues on BBC One on Sunday at 7pm.  