Toto Wolff has slammed “brainless” fans for abusing other spectators at the Austrian Grand Prix as the Mercedes boss launched a vicious tirade. Wolff said those who were going out of their way to abuse others should “f***” off and demanded they “stay away”. Mercedes brought a female Lewis Hamilton fan into their garage during the race after they learned she had been harassed. The spectator apparently had her dress lifted by drunk spectators who also verbally abused the woman. They said she didn’t deserve respect as she was a Hamilton fan in a shocking incident. The Mercedes boss explained: “F*** off! If you are part of that category, f*** off. "We just need to target these guys and pick them out and say 'you'. This is what Formula One has said and we have said and that you need to report to the security if you can. And whoever reads my sentence: stay away, we don't want you if you are part of that group. READ MORE: ​​Lewis Hamilton 'disgusted' as F1 release statement on fan abuse "I think it's just people being stupid. I have no other explanation for people abusing -- in whatever way, sexist, hedonistic, homophobic or racist - you are just simply brainless. And no alcohol can excuse that. The sport polarises and triggers emotions, we want that. We shouldn't condemn all of them but put these few idiots out." Reports of sexist and homophobic abuse came to light on Sunday morning before the Grand Prix. Some of the reports claimed similar abuse was a feature of last year's race suggesting the problem was more wide-ranging, Lewis Hamilton took to social media to slam spectators and called for F1 to take more action. He added: “Disgusted and disappointed to hear that some fans are facing racist, homophobic and generally abusive behaviour at the circuit this weekend. DON'T MISSToto Wolff's fiery response after fans cheer Lewis Hamilton crash [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton praises 'great recovery' as he fires warning to leaders [ANALYSIS]George Russell blames Sergio Perez as he explains Austrian GP incident [COMMENT] “Attending the Austrian Grand Prix or any GP should never be a source of anxiety and pain for fans and something must be done to ensure that races are safe spaces for all. Please, if you see this happening, report it to circuit security and to F1. We cannot sit back and allow this to continue.” Aston Martin also posted a photo of two ladies invited into their garage to enjoy hospitality on Sunday afternoon. They said two women named Mollie and Julia were also subjected to hate and inviting them backstage was a “small act” to help combat unacceptable behaviour. Sebastian Vettel claimed fans who were found to be abusive to others should be banned from attending future events, He said: “Horrible isn’t it? I think it is good that this stuff comes out, that’s the start, but it is horrible. Whoever these people are they should be ashamed of themselves and they should be banned from racing events for their lives.”