Fans of Novak Djokovic and Nick Kyrgios have been left furious at news that both have tumbled down the world rankings immediately after contesting the Wimbledon final. The WTA and ATP took swift and drastic action by stripping the tournament of ranking points this year, following the All England Club's decision to ban Russian and Belarusian opponents. The effects of Vladimir Putin's invasion of Ukraine has spilled over into multiple sports, and Wimbledon authorities were evidently keen to avoid the prospect of endorsing the Russian cause in any way by handing the trophy over to one of their native competitors. There was plenty of opposition to preventing Russian and Belarusian tennis stars from competing at SW19 this year, with many ranked among the world's top players. Furthermore, the decision has affected those that were able to turn out, as well as those that couldn't. Despite battling all the way to the Wimbledon final on Sunday, Djokovic has tumbled from third to seventh in the ATP's world rankings, with Kyrgios falling from No 40 to No 45. DON'T MISS: Wimbledon LIVE: Sue Barker rejected new BBC contract as Novak Djokovic's wife left furious  There was outrage on social media from a cluster of fans, with a clear consensus that the current rankings do not reflect matters on court. "7th at ATP rankings after 7th Wimbledon title. It’s logical, isn’t it?" vented @NovakPoetry, while @themissprecy called it the 'biggest travesty ever', adding: "What a shame! ATP TANKINGS more like. Lol. Novak Djokovic the legitimate #1!" Finally, @RaheemKassam stated: "This is so f***ing stupid - Wimbledon's behaviour has harmed these players' careers." Indeed, the development could have a tangible effect on Kyrgios' prospects at the US Open. The Aussie would normally have catapulted up to No 15 after making it to the final in west London, earning a crucial top-16 seeding which could have aided a deep run at Flushing Meadows. Making it to the Wimbledon final is by far Kyrgios' best career result, having previously never progressed further than the quarter-finals. The 27-year-old has never made it into the world's top 10, with his best form tending to emerge in short bursts. As for Djokovic, the Serb certainly played like the world's best at SW19 as he routinely fought back from deficits to out-stay his opponents. Having just earned his 21st Grand Slam title and seventh at Wimbledon, it moves him to within one of all-time leader Rafael Nadal. On the women's side, the All England Club were left red-faced in the end as Moscow-born Elena Rybakina triumphed over Ons Jabeur in three sets. The big-serving 23-year-old switched international allegiance to Kazakhstan four years ago, but some Russian media have claimed the run as a national success.  BBC pundit John McEnroe, who won three Wimbledon titles during his own glittering career, addressed the issue before Rybakina emerged on Centre Court. "She is obviously a huge hitter and hits the ball great," he told the BBC. "I just think it’s weird because of this whole thing. I don’t mean to get into politics here but she is Russian, right? It is sort of strange because of this whole ordeal of not allowing the Russians to play."