Mosquitoes can be a nuisance, often appearing in homes during the evening when there are lights on. They are also common around water including ponds. Unlike other insects, they come with the added worry of being bitten, which can be very itchy. An expert has shared the best natural ways to deal with mosquitoes this heatwave. Chris Nye, overseas property expert at YourOverseasHome.com, said: “We’ve spent many years helping countless clients find their dream homes and move abroad, and in this time we’ve heard a fair few theories on the best methods to avoid mosquito bites, or how to get rid of them altogether. “So, we’ve compiled a list of the best natural ways to deal with them, meaning you won’t have to rely on expensive products and harsh chemicals like DEET.” Using different scents mosquitoes hate is the best way to repel the insect. This includes using citronella, which Chris said is a “natural and effective” essential oil. READ MORE: Easy ways to clean stubborn stains from grout without bleach It is derived from the leaves and stems from a cousin of lemongrass, specifically Cymbopogon, which works against mosquitoes. “While most humans don’t mind the light citrus scent, they hate it.” Citronella comes in a variety of different products including candles, wristbands and sprays. They can also be purchased in plant form from various different garden centres. DON'T MISS:Elton John’s private life a stone’s throw from Windsor Castle [COMMENT]Homes Under The Hammer buyer increases house price by £63k - pictures [INSIGHT]Pests: ‘Simple steps’ to ‘deter’ wasps away from your home [EXPLAINER] Similarly, lavender can be used to help keep the insect away. Chris said specifically lavender oil is one of the “most effective” natural mosquito repellents. He added: “Especially when it is used as part of a larger natural repellent regimen. “Lavender has analgesic, antifungal and antiseptic qualities, which means that in addition to preventing mosquito bites, it can calm and soothe the skin.” READ MORE: ‘Cheap’ but ‘effective’ methods to keep slugs away from plants Another oil which can be used is tea tree oil. Known for its antiseptic, antimicrobial and anti-inflammatory properties, Chris said it is also an effective insect repellent. The expert explained: “Its intense aroma keeps bugs like mosquitoes at bay. “Its powerful medicinal properties also mean that, if you do end up being bitten, it can help to help mosquito bites fast.” Britons can also use lemon eucalyptus oil, which can be purchased from stores such as Holland & Barrett. Chris explained: “Used since the 1940s, lemon eucalyptus oil is one of the more well-known natural repellents. “The Centres for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) in America have even approved it as an effective ingredient in mosquito repellent. “You can create your own mixture using one part oil to 10 parts sunflower oil or witch hazel.” Another oil which is acts as a repellent against adult mosquitoes is cinnamon oil. Cinnamon can also be purchased in candle form. The expert said: “Cinnamon oil has shown promise as a great-smelling, environmentally friendly pesticide, and it even has the ability to kill mosquito larvae. “It provides a real win-win scenario.”