Prince William has stepped up his royal workload in recent years in support of the Queen, but his duties are only set to increase in the future when he moves up the line of succession. William has been second in line to the throne since his birth in 1982, but one day he will take on the role his father Prince Charles currently holds as heir. The heir to the throne traditionally holds the title of Prince of Wales, but it isn't an automatic title. Prince Charles has been heir to the throne since 1952, but he only received the Prince of Wales title from the Queen in 1958. Prince William is widely expected to be the next Prince of Wales as the eldest son of Prince Charles. READ MORE: Queen fed up with Meghan and Harry 'drama' and wants 'line drawn'  But whether or not this is the case will be a matter for Prince Charles as King and, while unlikely, he can technically decide not to grant William the title. However, William will automatically become the Duke of Cornwall and the Duke of Rothesay in Scotland when his father ascends the throne. In the case that Prince Charles dies before the Queen, then it would be at the Queen's discretion if William becomes the next Prince of Wales. Similarly, when William is King, it will also be his decision whether he grants the Prince of Wales title to his eldest child Prince George.  As well as being his father's decision, public opinion could influence whether William becomes the next Prince of Wales. An ITV/YouGov poll revealed last month that only 46 percent of those surveyed think there should be another Prince of Wales after Prince Charles becomes King. Of those asked, 31 percent said there should not be another Prince of Wales, while 23 percent said they didn't know. DON'T MISS:Prince William and Kate Middleton make charity polo match announcement [INSIGHT]Royal Family LIVE: Sussexes 'raised eyebrows' behind palace walls [LIVE]Royal Family: Harry and Meghan ‘damage control’ comes ‘too late’ [ANALYSIS]  ITV polling on a similar question in 2018 found that 57 percent of people wanted William to inherit the Prince of Wales title. Another 22 percent of people said the title should be abolished or left vacant. The Prince of Wales title is controversial as the last Welsh Prince of Wales, Dafydd ap Gruffydd, was brutally killed on the orders of Edward I of England in 1283. The title has since been conferred by English and later British monarchs on their heirs, the most recent before Prince Charles being Prince Edward, the future King Edward VIII and Duke of Windsor after his abdication in 1936. 