His words will have a big impact among the wider Tory party membership who retain huge respect for the man who squared up to Michel Barnier as our former Brexit Minister. Personally, what I find most troublesome about Mordaunt is that she doesn’t seem to be able to define what a “woman” is. According to Suella Braverman, a rival until she was knocked out of the leadership race on Thursday, Mordaunt resisted the inclusion of the word, and “mother”, in The Maternity Bill as Minister for Women and Equalities.When I – and many others – have said we are concerned by a potential leader who isn’t clear on definitions, we are often met with dismissive responses. “Haven’t we got bigger fish to fry?” some might say. But it’s easy to be relaxed if it’s not you being called “a menstruator”, “chest feeder” or “pregnant person” or losing medals in sport because a trans athlete has a potential 10 to 30 per cent physical advantage over biologically female competitors.Mordaunt has gone far in the leadership contest, but that doesn’t prove no one cares what a woman really is.More likely, it reflects that a mostly-male Parliament and Tory membership are apathetic on this issue – they have no skin in the game. Come the General Election, with a wider voting representation up for grabs, the Tories will discover how many others do. Case in point: Penny Mordaunt used the Union Jack flag and Elgar music in her leadership bid and the Labour Party were advised last year to use flags, veterans and dress smartly to appeal to voters.I’m not convinced any of this works. Britons don’t look for flags or gestures as a measure of patriotism. It is standing up for your country that counts. And over the last year there have been plenty of chances to do so, from defending Winston Churchill’s statue and legacy, to getting Brexit done, to fighting anti-Western woke ideology.Only a leader who grasps this will get the “patriotism vote”. Got A stiff drink to hand? Many Britons would have needed one last week after an utterly shocking investigation into the state of “sex education” in this country.Reporters found schools have been outsourcing this part of the syllabus to providers who teach that prostitution is a “rewarding job” and those aged seven to 11 can be “planet boy”, “planet girl” or “planet non-binary”, among other things.Troublingly, one self-described freelance sex and relationships educator, who charges £500 and upwards per day for school visits, even suggested, in answer to a teenager’s question, that the withdrawal method might be low risk. Dear, oh, dear. Though many will be horrified by these revelations, I’m not surprised we have got to this point. As a teenager in the late noughties I could see the way the wind was blowing, with teachers routinely overestimating the prurience of those my age.This attitude was rife in our modern culture: in 2011, Channel 4 released a series called The Joy Of Teen Sex in which teenagers were invited to visit a “Sex Advice Shop” or clinic, live on air, to discuss a wide range of intrusive topics, where they would be advised by a “resident sex coach”.Since then, it’s been more of the same, gradually moving towards “educational” content that sounds as though it were lifted from an adult website. The transition – from sex education being about the “birds and the bees”, to everything in between – can be traced back to the Tony Blair era.In the late nineties, perhaps as a knee-jerk reaction to rising pregnancies, liberals decided that kids needed more information which they also hoped would tackle sexually transmitted diseases (conversely, these have risen in line with more sex education lessons; no doubt because it raises expectations for teenagers to be sexual).The end result is so-called “kinks” being taught in schools.Worst of all, a Conservative government, has been facilitating the madness, spending £3million on relationship and support packages in 2019 alone. Little did it know funding would be leapt upon by a new variety of educator, who has worked out they can make a rather nice living out of pretending to care about children’s welfare.Yes, teenagers need lessons in the basics. But going from condoms on bananas to endorsing “sex work”, as we are supposed to call it now, is… well… bananas.Conservatives have talked about cutting back state spending in their leadership bids. They might have their best excuse to do it. Every woman – and indeed man – should read The Case Against The Sexual Revolution by Louise Perry; a fiery and compelling book.Its thesis is that far from the pill (and all the cultural changes the revolution brought about) advancing our sex, it inadvertently led men to set the market conditions for sexual relations – with women all too often sacrificing their own hopes and desires.If enough of us read it, I suspect there’ll be another revolution under way. The actress Sally Phillips (of Smack The Pony and Bridget Jones’s Diary fame) has followed in the footsteps of Emma Thompson in making a film about a “mature woman” going on a sexual adventure, aided by “sex workers”.We are, of course, meant to think this is terribly progressive and empowering, dahling; paying people for sex!But we all know it’s anything but, and copying the worst antics of men – turning intimate relations into a transaction in this way – is hardly the enlightening feminist moment Hollywood thinks it is. Much to the umbrage of Labour and Nadine Dorries, the Online Safety Bill has been shelved until a new Conservative Prime Minister has been found. And good! The Bill’s “Harmful communications offence” is enough to make anyone shudder. It would mean – in the most extreme scenario – that someone could be sent to prison for two years if they sent a message that causes “psychological harm amounting to at least serious distress”.As someone who writes opinions, I have received plenty of “harmful” messages in my time. But what court can decide whose “serious distress” is legitimate, versus them being overly sensitive, never mind that it means the state can increasingly interfere with private communications?Given the trouble we’ve had with hate crime legislation, we shouldn’t touch the current Online Safety Bill with a barge pole in its current state. The average advertised rent outside the capital is now 11.8 per cent higher than a year ago, with Manchester seeing a 23.4 per cent rise, Chatham 21.4 per cent and Liverpool 19.4 per cent.Meanwhile, according to Rightmove, the stock of rental properties is down 26 per cent, while demand is up by 6 per cent. Many MPs say they care about the cost of living crisis. But until they do something about this, they are telling porkies.