If you thought folding phones were simply a fad the latest stats from Samsung will prove you are very wrong. The Korean company has announced sales figures for its bendy devices and it seems millions have already joined this smartphone revolution. In fact, Samsung's President and Head of MX Business, Dr. TM Roh, says that the firm has shifted over 10 million of them in the last year alone - that's a whopping 300 percent increase. "We saw an opportunity not only to design a new shape but also to create new experiences that had never been possible with a smartphone before, said Roh. "Overcoming many technological hurdles, we successfully introduced the first-ever Galaxy foldable smartphone in 2019 and have changed the future of our industry ever since." Samsung is now predicting that this rapid growth will continue and is going to make a much bigger dent in the overall smartphone market over the coming years. With the company selling so many foldables and the next swathe of bendy phones being revealed at an Unpacked event next month, its rivals may have to sit up and listen. Some other manufacturers such as Huawei and LG have launched or teased foldy phones but one huge player in the market remains tight-lipped about the future of this technology. Apple's iPhone continues to be one of the most popular devices on the planet but Samsung's announcement might force Apple to consider launching its very own iOS-powered phone that snaps in half if it wants to remain a dominant force. There have been plenty of rumours about Apple developing foldable iPhones and we've even been treated to stunning concept videos which show how this device could look. One set of images, courtesy of designer Antonio De Rosa, have shown just how stunning this new Apple device, nicknamed the iPhone Air, could look. Although it's just a concept, the photos show a phone that gets a sleek appearance with wafer-thin edges and a clamshell case that flips to help make it more pocket friendly when owners are not using it. Apple is expected to announce its new iPhone 14 range in September and we'll have to wait and see if there's any sign of things going foldable. For now, it's Samsung leading the way with technology and the firm is clearly confident about the future of its Galaxy Flip and Fold ranges. "Three years ago, Samsung Galaxy foldables could be summed up in a single word: radical," said Roh. "Very quickly, however, it became clear that this groundbreaking, flexible design fit perfectly into modern lifestyles. As a result, what was once a novelty three years ago, is now the preferred choice for millions. "At our upcoming Unpacked on August 10th, you’ll see that the impact of our innovation is not only about what technology can do. It’s about what you can do. We’ve once again taken our inspiration from the most important source — Galaxy users — to push the limits of what’s possible."