Karen is best-known to Emmerdale viewers as the loveable Lydia Dingle, the wife of Sam Dingle (played by James Hooton) and stepmother to Samson Dingle (Sam Hall). Since she arrived in 2016, the character has had romances with Paddy Kirk (Dominic Brunt), Rishi Sharma (Bhasker Patel) but she eventually settled down and became a member of the Dingle family. The ITV soap star has a busy life off-camera, however, and is the mother to her and her husband's two children but who is the actress's other half? Back in 2011, Karen tied the knot to her partner, Simon, but the couple had met each other years before they walked down the aisle. The couple originally met in 1996 when the soap star was venturing down a very different career path as a team member at an outdoor children’s pursuit company. Having been together for so long, when they eventually got married, the pair decided they were going to keep it as a low-key affair. They decided to invite 100 of their closest friends and family to celebrate their big day with them but they managed to keep it reasonably low cost. Supplying their guests with a three-course meal and a fun reception, the actress explained: "We had a Dingle element to ours." READ MORE: All Creatures Great and Small's Nicholas Ralph tribute to co-star "We had been together for years and so we didn't want to spend much," the soap star added in an interview with The Sun. Whilst his other half is busy working on the set of the weeknight serial drama, Simon manages his own business. According to reports, Simon runs a business delivering behavioural health and safety training to companies and has had quite a bit of success from it. The couple also have the responsibility of parenting their two young children, a daughter Ruby, 11, and a son Oliver, seven. Posting on her social media platforms, the actress often shows herself enjoying her time with her family doing various activities. However, Karen's life could have been very different if it wasn't for her husband spurring her on to explore the career she wanted. The actress explained breaking into the world of acting was becoming a real challenge and so she was ready to give up. Karen said: "We've had conversations over the years where I've said, 'OK, maybe I'll give this up.' "And he's always said, 'Give it another year, stick at it.' When we got to go to the soap awards together we clinked some champagne glasses and said, 'Can you believe this?' "There were many times I'd considered giving it up. I even trained as a teacher and did a PGCE in 2008," she continued. DON'T MISS...Reece Dinsdale weight loss: ITV star ditched one food to shed weight [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Laura Norton on 'unexpected' romance with former co-star [COMMENT]'My love!' Emmerdale's Isabel Hodgins at brunch with co-star [PICTURES] "It was an absolute dream come true. It was wonderful. I'm a Yorkshire-based actress and I've got a fantastic role in a Yorkshire-based soap," Karen remarked. "I'd been a jobbing actress for 23 years and had landed some decent roles, but it was hard. "When 'Emmerdale' came along, I was lecturing undergraduate acting students at my old college in Halifax," the actress continued. Last year, the couple celebrated their 10th wedding anniversary, with the soap star posting about the day on Instagram. Sharing a picture of herself and Simon at the alter, she celebrated all they had achieved since they tied the knot a decade ago. In recent scenes on Emmerdale, Lydia has discovered she is going to be planning a wedding for Kim Tate (Claire King) and her future husband, Will Taylor (Dean Andrews). It was revealed when Lydia moved to the village she had used to be a wedding planner before she chose a quieter life. Although she has faced some heartache and turbulence in her life over the past few years, it seems life is finally on the up for her. Speaking about her character in greater depth, Karen explained what her husband Simon's reaction is to comparing his wife to Lydia. Asked if she is like her character, the actress said: "I would like to say ‘No’, but my husband might disagree. "Lydia is warm-hearted, kind and her heart is in the right place, so I like to think we are similar in that respect," she added. "I hope I am a bit more socially aware than she is, though. "Lydia tends to say exactly what is on her mind, whereas I think about it before I open my mouth," she explained to TV Times. Bosses promised Lydia was a character to look out for in the lead-up to the 50th-anniversary celebrations for life could be turned on its head once more for the beloved character. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.