Tottenham boss Antonio Conte has fired back at Bayern Munich and slammed key club figures for being 'disrespectful' after they publicly discussed signing Harry Kane. The England forward has been linked with a move to Bayern but Conte insists that he will remain at Spurs. Kane scored twice for Spurs as they beat the Rangers 2-1 on Saturday. The 28-year-old appears to have committed his future to the north Londoners this year after asking to leave last summer. But that has not prevented senior staff at Bayern hinting at a bid for Kane. Robert Lewandowski's departure to Barcelona has left the German outfit desperate to sign a world-class striker. Asked about Bayern’s interest, Conte said: "I don't know why. The situation is very clear at Tottenham and Harry is a very important part of the project. I don't like to talk about players from another club. Maybe that's a bit disrespectful for the other club." Transfer news LIVE: Chelsea Kounde twist, Ronaldo swap, Liverpool deal Conte’s fury comes after Bayern head coach Julian Nagelsmann flirted with the idea of signing Kane and insisted that the Spurs icon would score plenty of goals in the Bundesliga. But he bemoaned the fact that Kane would come at a premium price. Nagelsmann said: “Kane is very expensive - and that’s the problem. But he’s a brilliant player, one of two or three who can play as a centre forward. In the last couple of years he’s been more of a No 10. But Kane is very strong, brilliant with head and both feet. “He could score a lot in the Bundesliga. I don’t know the price, but it’s really tough for Bayern Munich. But we’ll see what happens in the future." DON'T MISS...Newcastle 'snubbed' by Barcelona ace despite him wanting PL returnMan Utd boss Erik ten Hag admits lesson learned in Aston Villa drawMan Utd 2-2 Aston Villa: Four things learned as Red Devils end tour Bayern CEO Oliver Kahn has also revealed that Kane would be the club’s ‘dream’ signing. The former Germany goalkeeper told newspaper BILD: "He is under contract at Tottenham. Sure, he is an absolute top striker, but that's all a dream of the future. So let's see what happens." A full pre-season and a relative lack of transfer speculation should prime Kane for a better start to the upcoming Premier League season than he did in the last. The Three Lions captain scored just once before December in 2021. But a wonderful end to last season and some good form in Spurs’ friendly schedule hands him a better platform to perform well in 2022-23. The Lilywhites begin the season at home to Southampton on August 6.