Dishwashers are a great way to save time while cleaning cutlery and crockery efficiently. However, many people don’t realise dishwashers can damage certain items. Many people don’t realise, for example, that wooden utensils, insulated items and cast iron pans all shouldn’t be put in dishwashers. Now, experts at Marigold, the UK’s No.1 gloves brand, has identified the top three products Britons should not be putting in their dishwashers. Non-stick pots and pans have a coating on them that can come off in the dishwasher. Dishwasher detergents and the drying cycle can be too harsh for non-stick coatings on items such as pots and pans. This can lead to “damage and loss of their non-stick properties”. READ MORE: Easy ways to clean stubborn stains from grout without bleach Instead, homeowners should grab a non-scratch scourer and remove any burnt food debris in the sink. Many people will find themselves sliding their sharp knives into the dishwasher after cutting up fruit, vegetables or poultry. However, sharp knives can actually “damage coatings on racks and baskets”. This can eventually lead to rust. The use of harsh dishwasher chemicals can dull the edges of sharp knives, making them less efficient to use. DON'T MISSPippa Middleton buys new £15m property in Berkshire for growing family [INSIGHT]Tomato plant pruning: How to fix yellow or curled-up leaves [UPDATE]How to keep cats out of your garden - 'straightforward' [ANALYSIS] The experts added: “Wooden handles on knives can also split from absorbing too much water in the dishwasher.” Instead, use a non-scratch scourer to lift and remove any dried food from the knife. Then, clean with washing up liquid and hot water. Rinse with clear water and either air dry or pat dry with clean paper towels. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Ensure sharp knives are handled carefully by their handles. Plastic tubs can be thin and flimsy which means they can be easily damaged. Dishwashers can get up to high heats of 34 to 60°C causing the tubs to warp and melt. Instead of putting them in the dishwasher, homeowners can use washing up liquid and warm water with paper towel.  Tear up pieces of paper towel and put them in the container with dish soap and warm water. Put the lid on and shake the container vigorously for 45 seconds to a minute. Then, rinse the solution out the tubs. This should also help to remove any old yellow or red stains from the tubs.