Lewis Hamilton quizzed a journalist as to why he was in the drivers' press conference on Thursday afternoon in a hilarious exchange. The Mercedes star asked Sky Sports F1 commentator David Croft what he was doing after he asked a question to the Mercedes star. Croft has not been present at any press conferences this season which is why Hamilton looked confused. After Croft asked his question, the Briton stared at the Sky commentator with a puzzled look. Hamilton said: “What are you doing here? You're never in this room." Croft responded: “We’re allowed now." Hamilton laughed: “You’re allowed now, okay." Croft added: “It’s a new look. Honestly, it's not just because you're here today. And I've missed you all these years." READ MORE: Toto Wolff wades into Lewis Hamilton row with 'commitments' demand Hamilton added: “All of these years we’ve never seen you in here. Okay. All right. Back to the serious question.” The pair then enjoyed a giggle with Hamilton clearly enjoying the exchange amid the serious topics discussed in the press conference. Croft had asked Hamilton what he thought of Nelson Piquet’s apology after the three-time champion used an apparent racist remark against the seven-time champion. He was also asked whether he wanted to see any further action taken over the matter which developed in the days leading up to the British Grand Prix. Hamilton responded: “It's been two years since we, many of us took the knee at the first race in Austria. And, of course, we're still faced with the challenges. DON'T MISSLeclerc facing British Grand Prix crisis which could help Hamilton [INSIGHT]Hamilton 'unlucky' in Russell duel as veteran backed to hit top form [ANALYSIS]Lewis Hamilton moans about Mercedes car during British GP practice [PICS] “I mean, I've been on the receiving end of racism and criticism and that negativity in archaic narratives for a long, long time, you know, and undertones of discrimination. So, there's nothing really particularly new for me. I think it's more about the bigger picture. I mean, I'm not really sure... I don't know why we are continuing to give these older voices a platform.” Hamilton can break several F1 records this weekend as Mercedes look to close the gap to the frontrunners. He can extend his own British GP win record to nine with a victory and break the record for the most podiums at a single F1 venue. He is currently tied with Michael Schumacher on 12 but can extend this to 13 with at least third at Silverstone on Sunday. The seven-time champion looked closer to the pace yesterday afternoon, going second fastest in FP2 and just one-tenth slower than the Ferrari of Carlos Sainz.