Chelsea fans have three weeks to wait until their Premier League season gets underway, with a trip to Goodison Park to face Everton on the horizon. Blues legend Frank Lampard will be in the opposing dugout on Merseyside, while Thomas Tuchel will surely wheel out several new signings in the hope that they make an instant impact. Express Sport looks at how Chelsea could line up on August 6... Multiple areas of the squad have been tweaked over the course of the summer transfer window, but goalkeeper isn't one of them. It is thought that Kepa Arrizabalaga would be allowed to leave if the right offer came in, but even if a replacement is signed, Edouard Mendy's No 1 spot would be presumed safe. The stopper was one of the key reasons why Chelsea shipped less than one goal per game in the league last term, and Tuchel will naturally hope that greater output at the other end of the pitch will help to close the gap on Manchester City and Liverpool. JUST IN: Chelsea target Serge Gnabry's stance on completing transfer as Arsenal talk rubbished Having let go of Andreas Christensen and Antonio Rudiger at the end of June, the centre-back trio was always likely to undergo the most radical transformation during the off-season. Kalidou Koulibaly could become the cornerstone of a new-look back three, having signed from Napoli on a four-year deal. With the Senegalese flanked by Thiago Silva - another veteran ageing like a fine wine - Tuchel has plenty of experience to call on at the back. Chelsea are reportedly in talks for Nathan Ake and Presnel Kimpembe, who are both left-footed and perfect for the remaining spot up for grabs, but the Paris Saint-Germain star may just have the edge in terms of pedigree. Even if he does not start at Goodison Park, Ake could have an important part to play at Stamford Bridge next season, while the raft of new arrivals could prompt highly-rated youngster Levi Colwill to jump ship. DON'T MISS: Celtic 'preparing bid' for 'frustrated' PSG wonderkidNewcastle may grant Isak's Premier League wish on one conditionErik ten Hag has three Man Utd stars 'in contention' for captaincy if Harry Maguire axed The return of Ben Chilwell will be a breath of fresh air after injury kept him sidelined for the whole of last season. It could come at the perfect time, too, with Marcos Alonso heavily rumoured to be eyeing up a move to Barcelona before the end of the summer. Reece James is practically immovable on the opposite flank, while trusted duo N'Golo Kante and Mateo Kovacic are likely to continue in the middle. Jorginho is also a superb talent to call on from the bench, while returning loanee Conor Gallagher is expected to push hard for game time after dazzling at Crystal Palace last term. It could be a case of one big name out and two big names in for Chelsea in attack. Romelu Lukaku has already returned to Inter Milan on loan after his miserable reunion with the Blues, and with fans chomping at the bit to see Raheem Sterling in action, he could yet be joined by another winger. At one point, that looked like being Raphinha after an agreement was reached with Leeds United, but with the Brazilian now closing in on a move to Barcelona, Serge Gnabry or Rafael Leao are in with a shout of following Sterling to the Bridge. A decision also has to be made on striker Armando Broja, who is attracting interest from a host of Premier League clubs, but as it stands, the front three is likely to be completed by reigning supporters' Player of the Year Mason Mount and versatile forward Kai Havertz.