The Feel Good Fashion Coach and royal expert Miranda Holder explained that anyone can easily "steal Meghan Markle's style" by following three rules. Miranda said: "Whether you are a Meghan fan or not, there is plenty we can all learn from her style!" The fashion expert said the number one rule to recreate the Duchess of Sussex's looks is to "go for a minimalist style". She explained that by choosing clean and minimalist outfits that accentuate the quality of the clothes and avoiding extravagant accessories people will achieve an outfit that "looks expensive". Miranda said: "Meghan keeps her style understated and clean, letting her beauty and elegance do the talking. READ MORE: Prince Harry pushes 'regal brand' and 'heritage' in new video - expert  "She favours unfussy accessories and focuses on quality over quantity, which looks expensive. "She also carefully selects wardrobe hero pieces which flatter her perfectly." Miranda's second rule to get Meghan's style is to always "go for neutrals".  She explained: "The beauty of building a wardrobe mainly out of neutrals is that they all mix and match effortlessly."  This also takes "a lot of guesswork out of dressing," Miranda added. "The focus becomes more about the fabric and silhouette." The fashion expert said that taking time to get these right will also "ensure a chic, expensive look". Miranda's final rule is to invest "in quality separates". READ MORE: Sophie's 'close relationship' with Kate made her 'most stylish royal' Meghan's wardrobe "is made up of carefully selected separates, proving endless outfit combinations," she explained. The stylist continued: "She is a particular fan of the camel coat which goes with everything from print and colour to neutrals and will take her anywhere. "This hero piece will tone in with warm or cool outfits and has become her signature style." Investing in basic, timeless and elegant pieces such as camel coats will allow endless combinations for the season. For summer, wardrobe essentials could be cream silk or white blouses, a nude blazer, a pleated midi skirt or a summer linen dress. Quality separates also ensure easy options for those who are too busy in the morning and don't have time to look for inspiration. They will give the wardrobe comfortable, elegant and polished looks with infinite possibilities for a stylish outfit.