Pippa Middleton welcomed a baby girl to her family just a couple of weeks ago. She and her husband James Matthews have reportedly chosen the name Rose for their newborn daughter. The parents of three welcomed three-year-old Arthur in October 2018, and their first daughter, one-year-old Grace, in March 2021. Pippa’s older sister Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, will undoubtedly be delighted with the new addition to the family. A mother of three herself, Kate is understood to be extremely close to her family. She and her husband Prince William are reportedly relocating to Windsor from London, positioning themselves closer to Michael and Carole Middleton who live in the Berkshire village of Bucklebury. It has also been said that Pippa and James are planning to move out of London, with reports claiming that the couple have purchased a new home about 20 minutes from the younger Middleton sister’s parents’ home. READ MORE: Pippa Middleton and James Matthews relationship timeline as couple welcome third baby Pippa has been a pillar of support for her sister since she married into royal life, and Kate’s close family ties were said to be a crucial part of William’s choice to make the Duchess his bride. But journalist Emma Cowing, writing in The Scotsman in 2008, claimed that the two sisters have seen their fair share of sibling rivalry. She wrote: “While the sisters appear close – they are often pictured holding hands and currently share a flat in Chelsea (although Kate is rumoured to spend most of her time nowadays at Clarence House) – there is, allegedly, some jealousy between the pair.” A source told Ms Cowing: “Kate was always quite jealous of Pippa. “I sensed that she feared being eclipsed by her. "Because Pippa has more natural effervescence, she is socially much more at ease and was always popular with everyone, especially (brother) James's friends.” During their teenage years and early twenties, Pippa and Kate found themselves moving in elite circles. A university friend of Pippa’s told Ms Cowing: “As soon as Pippa arrived at Edinburgh, she was assiduous about joining the right social circle. DON'T MISS:‘Beautiful’ Mia and Lena Tindall delight royal fans [ANALYSIS]Pippa Middleton welcomes baby girl, a new Cambridge cousin [REPORT]'Family are thrilled!' Kate's joy as sister Pippa is heavily pregnant [INSIGHT] “She was very charming about it but quite ruthless in cultivating the 'right' friends. "If she found out that someone had impressive social credentials – the right title, standing, connections – she would immediately pay them a lot of attention, whereas before she wouldn't have shown the least interest." Pippa first came to prominence in 2007, when newly-single Kate was often pictured out on the town with her sister during her brief break-up with William. But perhaps her most notable appearance was the spectacular wedding of Kate and William in 2011. Maid-of-honour Pippa held her sister’s train as she walked down the aisle of Westminster Abbey, and, in doing so, attracted a great deal of attention. Nicknamed ‘Her Royal Hotness’, Pippa was once again thrust into the spotlight, with some arguing that she overshadowed her sister’s big day. Award-winning newspaper columnist Caitlin Moran tweeted at the time: “This wedding has mainly been about Pippa Middleton ‘s amazing arse, hasn’t it?” However, royal biographer Andrew Morton believes that while Pippa played a “significant” role in the wedding, it was still her sister’s day. He said at the time:  “Just as William and Harry are very competitive, Catherine and Pippa are very competitive. “The day was Catherine’s day and Pippa played a significant walk-on part, that was it. "I don’t think she stole the show. Pippa had an exotic walk-on part.”