Criminal barrister Michael Neofytou made the comments as a major money laundering trial was postponed due to strikes and a chronic backlog of cases. Having first checked that the Sunday Express was in court, Mr Neofytou told Isleworth Crown Court, in west London, that the postponement meant he would receive just £3.80 an hour before tax for at least 100 hours he spent preparing for the trial. This time was now wasted as he would no longer be able to represent his defendant. It came during a "complex" National Crime Agency prosecution of five people alleged to be part of a major money-laundering ring that flew an estimated £110million of criminal cash from the UK to Dubai. Last week, Emirati national Abdullah Mohammed Alfalasi, 46, who was arrested at a luxury Belgravia flat in December, and said to be a ringleader, admitted removing criminal property from the country. The case was then adjourned due to strike action, and he will be sentenced this month. Two couriers also await sentence after admitting flying cash out. However, two Londoners who denied the offences had their trial adjourned until February and were bailed. Mr Neofytou, representing one of those accused, argued that the trial should go ahead because his previous commitment to a 12-week murder trial, which will run into February, meant he could no longer represent his client, leaving the accused without a barrister. "There is no one available to return this case to, which leaves a [person] of good character with no one to represent him." He also told the court it had taken him at least 100 hours to go through 16,000 pages of evidence. Mr Neofytou said that his fee before tax and expenses for a "stood out" trial was £380, amounting to just £3.80 an hour, based on 100 hours' preparation. He added that he could apply to the Legal Aid Authority for wasted preparation time but it cannot be made until the case ends next year. Mr Neofytou, a barrister of 23 years experience, thanked Judge Simon Davis for allowing him to make the speech in open court. Judge Davis said that due to the strike action, he had no choice but to move the case. He added: "With a backlog of 58,000 cases, this court has tried to do its best to seek to address that backlog for those in custody, those on bail and those instructed in this court. "There is a balancing exercise I have to do and I regret it immensely but a decision has to be made."