Water marks in your bathroom can be a nuisance to try and clean, with the risk of stains increasing the more often you use your shower. These marks are usually because of the high concentration of minerals in hard water. Shower door marks can also be caused by leftover shampoo and body wash, as well as dead skin cells. While there are plenty of products available which are made specifically to cut through these stains, one Reddit user has shared a simple way to prevent marks before they form. User Dirtyslamminshan said: "I hate cleaning my shower too, so every time I shower after I dry off I use my towel to do a quick dry of the shower. "It doesn't have to be perfect but it makes a huge difference." READ MORE: ‘It will disappear’ Free hack to remove yellow stains from white items As the water evaporates from the inside of your shower cubicle, it leaves behind minerals resulting in marks. Drying down the inside of your shower help to reduce how much water is left behind and ultimately how severe the stains are. Experts from superior Shower Doors say this is the "simplest way to prevent hard water stains. They said: "The simplest way to prevent hard water stains is to be sure you’re cleaning your shower door and walls on a daily basis." The experts recommend wiping down your shower door and walls with a microfibre towel after each shower. Superior Shower Doors expert added: "If you feel the towel becoming too wet as you wipe, simply wring it out and keep going." Keeping a squeegee in your shower can also do the trick. This works especially well on glass shower doors and can ensure a streak-free shine. The experts explained: "Keep a cheap squeegee stored in your shower. "Use it after every shower to pull the water from the glass door and walls. "This eliminates any chance of hard water stains forming." If hard water stains have already formed, you don't necessarily need to shell out for an expensive cleaning product to deal with the damage. DON'T MISS'Game changer' tip to clean 'cloudy' hard water marks from your shower [EXPLAINER]How to clean shower door using 'household items' - 'best way' [COMMENT]Laundry: Easy way to get rid of yellow stains from white clothes [INSIGHT] Experts from Superior Shower Doors say this is the "simplest way to prevent hard water stains". They said: "The best way to remove hard water stains from your shower doors is by using regular household items such as white vinegar and baking soda. "Vinegar is a great cleaning solution because the acidity helps to cut through the dirt and grime of the soap scum mixture – but this alone won’t always do the trick and this is where the baking soda comes in." The acidity of vinegar can break down the kind of film that frequently accumulates on glass surfaces. Baking soda, on the other hand, works well to clean thanks to its high pH, making it alkaline, and therefore able to dissolve organic compounds like dirt and grease.