She only gave the world a few glimpses into the “best possible” day the pair could have ever imagined. But she did reveal that out of the two stunning gowns she wore on the big day, the one they read their vows in was a recycled dress. While Ben wore a jacket from his wardrobe at home. Jennifer shared details in her On the JLo newsletter, which included some snaps and videos of her class, boatneck gown – admitting she’d saved it from an old film. She said: “I’ve had this dress for so many years, and I’ve just been saving it, saving it, saving it, and now I’m wearing it on my wedding day." “So with the best witnesses you could ever imagine, a dress from an old movie and a jacket from Ben’s closet, we read our own vows in the little chapel and gave one another the rings we’ll wear for the rest of our lives.” Lopez, now Affleck, continued: “They even had Bluetooth for a (short) march down the aisle. But in the end, it was the best possible wedding we could have imagined." “One we dreamed of long ago and one made real (in the eyes of the state, Las Vegas, a pink convertible and one another) at very, very long last.” She also thanked the venue “for letting me use the break room to change while Ben changed in the men’s room.” The mother-of-two’s second wedding dress was created by Zuhair Murad and boated long sleeves with an off-the-shoulder sweetheart neckline. It had a corset bodice and a long train, along with a veil that featured lace trimming. The singer and actress first got engaged to Ben in 2002, before they split in 2004, but they rekindled their romance last year. She added: “We did it. Love is beautiful. Love is kind. And it turns out love is patient. Twenty years patient…" “They were right when they said, “all you need is love”. “We are so grateful to have that in abundance, a new wonderful family of five amazing children and a life that we have never had more reason to look forward to.” She signed off her post ‘Jennifer Lynn Affleck’. Affleck who was previously married to Jennifer Garner, 50, shares his three children – Violet, 16, Seraphina, 13, and Samuel, 10, with her. Lopez is mother to 14-year-old twins Max and Emme with ex Marc Anthony, 53.News of their wedding first broke after their official marriage license, which was filed Saturday, was posted in the Clark County Clerk’s Office online records database. The pair were listed as Benjamin Geza Affleck and Jennifer Lynn Lopez and Jennifer Affleck.