Few Prime Ministers have been hounded out of office in quite the same way as Mr Johnson in what has been a relentless campaign since 2016 initially driven by Remainers and many in the broadcast media to portray him as a liar and buffoon. But as the leadership contest to replace him has unfurled, the increasing feeling among some Tory MPs and many party members is that they have made a catastrophic mistake ejecting a man with a mandate from 14 million people. Picture the scenario in two years’ time. Britain continues to be mired in an economic crisis with high inflation, strikes by train drivers, doctors, teachers, nurses and more have brought the country to its knees. The cost of living crisis is out of control with thousands of households choosing between heating their homes and buying food. Extreme climate change protesters continue to cause chaos and the Government is still unable to stop illegal migrants crossing the Channel in small boats by the thousands each day. Meanwhile the war in Ukraine is dragging on and not going well, the fragile international alliance has fragmented and fractured, especially within the EU. Levelling up has been held back because of the economic crisis and a shortage of funds. The Parliamentary party is in turmoil and the only thing keeping the Conservatives in the race for the election is a view that Labour under Starmer would not be much better. At this point after a narrow victory or defeat in an election, there will be many Tory members and MPs - perhaps some who in the last few weeks wielded one of the knives - looking at their leader whether it is Liz Truss, Rishi Sunak and Penny Mordaunt and thinking they need replacing. You can hear the conversation now. MP A: “What we need is a Prime Minister who is charismatic, can get things done and win us a big election. One with Conservative values preferably.” MP B: “Well of course we had one of those and kicked him out.” Pause. MP A: “Well Boris did get Brexit done, he did lead us through the pandemic with the fastest vaccine rollout in the world and he did unite the international community over Ukraine.” MP B: “Don’t forget he won us an 80 seat majority, the biggest since Margaret Thatcher in 1987.” MP A: “Did we make a mistake?” MP B: “Yeah but remember Partygate. Didn’t he lie or something?” MP A: “Party smartygate! He was a politician of course he lied! We need Boris back! I’ve got a seat to win.” READ MORE: Tory leadership races are fully of dirty tricks Under the weight of opprobrium he has received in recent months and the way the BBC and other mainstream broadcasters are joining with critics to report as fact that he is discredited, this may seem an unlikely scenario now. But as the former Labour Prime Minister Harold Wilson once noted: “A week is a long time in politics.” That was certainly true for Mr Johnson’s sudden downfall after the Pincher scandal and a longer period of time will undoubtedly see some of his more colourful issues fade while his achievements continue to stand out. DON'T MISS Starmer and Labour MPs break Commons tradition to snub Boris [INSIGHT]Tory leadership races are fully of dirty tricks [REVEAL]The Tories are one wrong candidate away from disaster - LETTERS [ANALYSIS] The question will be whether Mr Johnson will even remain as an MP, he cannot make a comeback if he is out of Parliament. Many think he will hit the book publishing tour and after dinner speaking circuit in the USA. Even Theresa May receives a reported £600,000 in after dinner speaking fees. Also, his South Ruislip and Uxbridge seat becomes a marginal thanks to the boundary changes so even if he wants to stay on he may be voted out even though celebrity MPs usually win. But this is where Johnson’s great hero Winston Churchill comes into play. He was 65 when crisis for the nation provided him with the greatest political comeback of all time as Prime Minister in 1940 to lead the free word against Nazi Germany. Boris is still only 58. Moreover, Churchill in a long political career managed to represent five different constituencies - Oldham, Manchester North West, Dundee, Epping and Woodford. Currently, Mr Johnson is only one of two having been MP for Henley early in his career. It is not beyond the bounds of possibility that he could stand for a third seat and win again particularly if there is a groundswell of support for him to lead again. That’s why he was selected for Uxbridge and South Ruislip after finishing as London Mayor. If you think this sounds farfetched, it probably is. But the rules of what is normal do not apply to a small number of highly charismatic politicians. That was true of Churchill, and it is certainly true of Boris Johnson. A comeback can never be ruled out and a divided Conservative Party with no clear consensus leader or outstanding figure may be desperate for it to happen. Certainly, the petition calling for a vote on him by members is just the start.