So now they blame him for Chris Pincher’s allegedly roving hands. It’s all a failure of leadership they claim. The increasingly ridiculous Diane Abbott even tells us, with zero evidence, that Boris “is rumoured to be one who likes assaulting women”. Just how desperate are these people? Such crazed, vengeful folk, if they could get away with it, would link Pincher’s fingers to Brexit. “Boozy sex assaults more common in Brexit Britain!!” Yup, that would be their dream headline. It’s all utter baloney. Let’s be clear: when MPs, of whatever party, misbehave, it’s the fault purely of that MP, and nobody else. When Labour politician Claudia Webbe harassed her “love rival”, did we blame Keir Starmer, and Jeremy Corbyn before him, for a leadership failure? Did we blame them for the six other Labour MPs or former Labour MPs who have been handed a suspended or actual jail sentence in the last decade? Did we blame Nicola Sturgeon after police launched an investigation into allegations of sexual harassment against SNP MP Patrick Grady? Of course not. Because we know the only person to blame for criminal behaviour is the perpetrator. Yet, when the boot is on the other foot, desperate Remainers and Tory-haters everywhere have no such compunction, and nor do many in the London media establishment, whose only interest is in pursuing their own pro-EU, anti-Boris and anti-Brexit agenda. As for Keir Starmer, he’s all too ready to give it, but not take it. The hypocrisy is simply breathtaking. God help him if the Durham police fine him. There will be no hiding place. Ahh, the Boris-haters say, but the prime minister knew about Pincher’s proclivities, and still appointed him into the Whips’ Office. Ha! Gotcha! Again, baloney. There was an investigation into Pincher’s behaviour four years ago, and it cleared him. Are we really saying that Boris and his advisors who make these appointments should ignore a verdict of innocence? Meanwhile, as soon as Pincher resigned on Thursday, his whip was removed on Friday. What more can we ask for? Boris responded exactly as he should have done. Of course, we know the reality. Groping and porn-watching in parliament have zero to do with leadership, and everything to do with personal ethics. Pincher himself hasn’t sought to blame Boris, but accepts he needs help to control his drinking. Neil Parish, too, sought to blame nobody but himself for his tractor porn, or whatever it was, which he quite bizarrely indulged in the Commons chamber. Both were wrong to behave as they did. But both admitted as much and blamed nobody else. The rest of us should take note. So Labour politicians and desperate, embittered Remainers need to shut it, and stop trying to make anti-Boris political capital out of absolutely everything. Like with the boy who cried wolf, the electorate’s patience is running thin. Only then might we ask ourselves why it is that our parliamentarians get themselves into embarrassing scrapes. It happened during the 1990s, and now there’s a big wave of sordid seediness all over again. Isabel Hardman’s book “Why we get the wrong politicians” investigates this, and reveals that 12 percent of all MPs serving from 2010-2015 got divorced during that period, with most citing the rigours of parliamentary life as the cause. There’s something in that, for sure. Ultimately, though, it’s about self-control. Sophocles once wrote that “to have a penis is to be chained to a madman”. It’s a funny line. Millions of men throughout history might chuckle. But those same millions have felt able to keep the madman under control. It’s time MPs did the same.