Compared to this time last year, petrol prices are 55p higher per litre, while diesel drivers are facing an increase in costs of more than 61p higher. While fuel prices are slowly starting to drop, most drivers will want to ensure they get the most out of their money and not overspend unnecessarily. One TikTok user, @livticks, showed her audience a petrol station hack which allowed her to set a monetary limit for her petrol. In the video, Livs is seen filming someone pumping petrol into their car, as well as a close of the pump which has five buttons on it. She says: “How did I never know this existed? “If you click this button, two times 10 for £20. It will stop itself at exactly £20. READ MORE: Campervan couple turned away from favourite destination “Wow. That’s so cool.” In the video, the petrol pump stops at exactly £20 and gives her 10.82 litres in return. The viral clip has now been liked by almost 250,000 people. Some of the viewers of the video joke that the £20 worth of fuel would only be enough to get them to the next petrol station. DON'T MISSDrivers urged to be hyper vigilant: Hot weather could result in fine [SHOCKING]Drivers warned of massive £5,000 fines for wearing sunglasses [WARNING]Drivers urged to make simple fuel-saving car changes - ‘It pays off!’ [INSIGHT] James Baker, from Reg Car Check, has urged drivers to take note of the guidance to avoid overspending at the pumps. Speaking to Express.co.uk, he said: "I have tried and tested this hack, and it certainly works. “However, [it works] only on certain pumps. "All is not lost, as each modern pump tends to have its own programme and follows the same format. “As the cost-of-living crisis continues, much of the UK is seeking ways to save money, especially on fuel. "Such as rise in the cost of fuel is leading to an increase in fuel theft, as drivers exiting the forecourt has increased by 61 percent. "TikTok has become synonymous with life hacks, so it’s no surprise that TikTokers are sharing their money-saving fuel hacks across the platform." There were fears that diesel would surpass the £2 limit relatively soon after, as UK forecourts saw weeks of record-breaking price rises. The RAC has predicted that both petrol and diesel prices will continue to fall, amid speculation of further fuel duty cuts by the Government. Former Conservative leadership candidate and current Trade Minister Penny Mordaunt had pledged to slash fuel duty taxes by 50 percent if she were to make it to Number 10. So far, the two remaining candidates - Rishi Sunak and Liz Truss - have yet to outline whether they plan to announce further cuts to fuel duty.