WARNING: This article contains full spoilers for Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness. Earlier this year, Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness threw open the realm of possibilities in the Marvel Cinematic Universe. Stephen Strange jumped universes with America Chavez and met the Illuminati - a group of secret superheroes consisting of some big heroes from Marvel heritage. Included in this line-up was Mr Fantastic himself, Reed Richards, played by none other than John Krasinski of The Office fame. However, his future in the MCU is completely uncertain. Perhaps until now. Over the weekend Marvel Studios attended San Diego Comic-Con. During their enormous panel at the historic Hall H they announced their movie plans for the next three years. They announced Phase 6 kicks off in Autumn 2024, beginning with the MCU's first-ever Fantastic Four movie. Sadly, although Krasinski has already played Mr Fantastic, he isn't guaranteed to return to the role. As he was part of a different universe, Marvel could easily recast him. Now, Krasinski has opened up about his future a little in a new interview. The Tonight Show host Jimmy Fallon said: "Comic-Con, they just announced all these new movies, and they announced that there’s gonna be a new Fantastic Four movie!" Krasinski replied: "Yes." SCROLL DOWN TO WATCH THE FULL INTERVIEW Fallon followed up: "You’re not allowed to say anything?" Krasinski said: "Nope." The host went on: "I’m not allowed to really ask you?" The actor smiled: "Nope," before adding: "You think?" Fallon continued to probe Krasinski for information about his future in the MCU before the Quiet Place actor seemed to drop a hint that he wasn't sure what was coming for him. Krasinski said: "Seriously, what have you heard? I need to know!" READ MORE: Avengers Endgame theory: Iron Man created the Mutants for Phase 5 Fallon went on: "They don’t tell you anything? Not until right before you’re about to shoot." He continued: "They don’t tell you anything!" The talk show host also brought up the rumour that Krasinski's real-life wife, Emily Blunt, could be up to play Reed Richards' wife, Sue Storm (otherwise known as The Invisible Woman). But Krasinski continued to play coy over the casting rumours. Krasinski acted surprised by the rumours about Blunt, before faking his death and blaming Marvel's secrecy. DON'T MISS...Avengers Endgame theory: Iron Man created the Mutants for Phase 5 [THEORY]Next Bond: Marvel star's odds slashed in half overtaking Tom Hardy [INFO]Avengers 5 The Kang Dynasty, Avengers 6 Secret Wars titles explained [INSIGHT] The uncertainty about Krasinski's spot in the MCU follows some comments made by Doctor Strange 2 director Sam Raimi. The Evil Dead director explained that Krasinski was only cast because of the Marvel community. He said: "It’s so funny that Kevin [Feige] cast John [Krasinski] because the fans had a dream of who the perfect Reed Richards would be." He went on to hint that this was actually a one-time thing for Krasinski. Raimi continued: "Because this is an alternate universe, I think Kevin said: ‘Let’s make that dream come true.’ I’ve always really enjoyed all of his performances." One thing is for sure, the Mr Fantastic that featured in Doctor Strange 2 will definitely not be back. After he confronted Scarlet Witch about her attacks, he was shredded into nothing more than ribbon by her mind. Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness is available to stream on Disney Plus now. SOURCE