Former Emmerdale star Gemma Oaten has revealed she recently nearly died from having "dangerously high" calcium levels in her body. The soap star opened up about her near-death experience on ITV's Lorraine. "It was only two months ago that this all happened really," she said. Oaten said her life-threatening condition was years in the making, however. She explained: "I had not been feeling well for a while to be honest but I didn't practice what I preached and I just put it down to one side. "We'd had a big funding cut for the charity that I am CEO of and I'd put it down to stress and the pressure of that. I was also doing a morning breakfast radio show so I was getting up early at half past four and doing my full time job and then auditions so I just put it down to nausea, feeling tired." The star was also experiencing bouts of "stomach cramps", which she attributed to anxiety and stress. Oaten then got Covid, which "unearthed this serious kidney syndrome that I had called milk-alkali syndrome", she revealed. Milk-alkali syndrome is a condition in which there is a high level of calcium in the body. Oaten found out in hospital she had calcium carbonate in her body as a result of taking too many Rennie tablets over the years. When asked why she was taking so many Rennie tablets, the emmerdale star said: "I was poorly from the age of 10 with anorexia. That anorexia then led into bulimia and I was struggling for 13 years." As the soap star recovered, she would regularly take Rennie tablets "every single day". She puts this down to the psychological toll of her eating disorder and the damage she had done to her oesophagus with the bulimia. "I used to take Rennies every single day due to the acid reflux." The soap star continued: "I was so scared of relapsing and being sick so I started to take those. The soap star then started to take magnesium about four weeks before she went to hospital because "yet again I was tired stressed and there is calcium carbonate in magnesium supplements". Oaten said she had "no clue" that any of this was happening but "my calcium levels went to a dangerously high point". "Effectively my body was poisoning itself." The soap star went on to reveal that she had "no idea" this was happening until the ambulance came. Oaten ended up having eight percent kidney function and 20 percent oxygen upon admission to hospital. Fortunately, the soap star is now in recovery but some of the after effects may be permanent. Oaten found out that she may not be able to have children due to the effects of milk alkali syndrome. Her teeth are also "falling apart" due to years of damage. If you're worried you have an eating disorder, you can talk in confidence to an adviser from eating disorders charity Beat by calling their adult helpline on 0808 801 0677 or youth helpline on 0808 801 0711. You can report any adverse events from taking medicines to the Yellow Card scheme, which is the system for recording adverse incidents with medicines and medical devices in the UK.