Ons Jabeur’s ranking will suffer despite being the Wimbledon runner-up. The third seed was defeated by Elena Rybakina 3-6 6-2 6-2 in what was a maiden Grand Slam final for both women, as both had never made it beyond the quarter-final stage of a Major in the past. But she will drop from her career-high of world No 2 after the WTA removed all ranking points on offer at Wimbledon in response to the club’s ban on Russian and Belarusian players. Jabeur enjoyed the tournament of her career this fortnight as she wrong her name in the history books as the first Arab woman and first African woman to make a Grand Slam final at Wimbledon, losing to the 17th seed in an hour and 48 minutes. But despite her heroics, the world No 2 will fall to No 5 in the rankings when the tally updates on Monday. The 27-year-old reached the quarter-final at SW19 last year, earning 430 ranking points. And at any other Grand Slam event she would instead be awarded 1,300 this year for reaching the final, giving her an extra 870 to chase world No 1 Iga Swiatek. But she will instead lose her 430 points from last year and not gain any for her run to the final, seeing her ranking drop three places as a result of the WTA’s points strip at Wimbledon this year. Both the women’s tour and the ATP announced that they would not be awarding points at The Championships this year, in response to the All England Club banning Russian and Belarusian players from competing. JUST IN: 'Took you five years' Novak Djokovic and Nick Kyrgios' private chat  WTA boss Steve Simon announced the decision in a statement at the end of May, saying: “As a result of the AELTC's position that it will not honour its obligation to use the WTA Rankings for entry into Wimbledon and proceed with a partial field not based on merit, the WTA has made the difficult decision to not award WTA ranking points for this year's Wimbledon Championships.” Jabeur rose to her career-high ranking of No 2 in the world after picking up the title in Berlin at the start of the grass-court season. She then opted to withdraw from the singles event in Eastbourne to preserve herself for Wimbledon, partnering Serena Williams in the doubles on the south coast and winning two matches before pulling out citing an injury. DON'T MISS Novak Djokovic raises retirement hint ahead of Nick Kyrgios showdownNick Kyrgios has already rattled Djokovic ahead of Wimbledon finalNick Kyrgios admits 'hate' for tennis despite reaching Wimbledon final  The Tunisian has gone almost undefeated on the grass this season, winning all of her singles matches in Berlin and both her doubles matches in Eastbourne before losing in the Wimbledon final on Saturday, with her only other loss coming in the doubles in Berlin. But she won’t be rewarded in the rankings for her efforts of making a maiden Grand Slam final, dropping three spots on Monday. Jabeur is still second in the race to the WTA Finals - a tally of points won in 2022 alone with the top eight players of the season facing off in the year-end championships. 