Vladimir Putin will touch down in Tehran today for his first trip outside of the ex-Soviet Union since Russian troops invaded Ukraine in February. The Russian President, who is set to meet with Iranian supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, is hoping to use the trip to bolster foreign alliances after many Western nations imposed sanctions on Moscow. Putin's foreign policy adviser Yuri Ushakov said: "The contact with Khamenei is very important. "A trusting dialogue has developed between them on the most important issues on the bilateral and international agenda. "On most issues, our positions are close or identical." Andrey Kortunov, head of the Russian International Affairs Council, added: "This is an important visit for Putin personally. JUST IN: Scholz panic: German leader orders EU to close ranks as Putin sparks 'imperialism' fears "The Kremlin doesn’t want to allow itself to be isolated internationally." However, Washington has warned that Iran is also preparing to provide Russia with hundreds of drones following a visit by a Kremlin delegation last month. Speaking about Putin's visit, an official in Tehran said: "We need a strong ally, and Moscow is a superpower." However, Putin will also meet with a leading figure from a NATO member state during his visit to the Middle East. Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, who has been seen as a potential mediator, will be in Iran to discuss the blockade on grain exports, Syria and events in Ukraine. The meeting comes just days before Moscow, Kyiv, Ankara and the United Nations are expected to sign a deal aimed at resuming the shipping of grain from Ukraine across the Black Sea. Putin's visit to Iran will come after US President Joe Biden touched down in the Middle East. During his visit, the 46th POTUS claimed his predecessor Donald Trump made a "gigantic mistake" in withdrawing from the Iran nuclear deal. DON'T MISSEurope in flames: Fires force thousands to flee homes [INSIGHT]One thing you should NEVER do to keep energy bills down revealed [WARNING]German fury as Russia profits from BILLIONS since war began [ANALYSIS] Mr Biden also said: "The only thing worse than the Iran that exists now is an Iran with nuclear weapons." He added: "If that was the last resort, yes . . . Iran cannot get a nuclear weapon." Tehran's state media has since claimed the US had been using "Iranophobia" during Mr Biden's visit. Foreign ministry spokesperson Nasser Kanaani said: "The United States has once again sought to create tension and crisis in the region by appealing to the failed policy of Iranophobia."