 Underclaimed benefits is a huge problem in the UK with many people not reaching out for help due to stigma, overly complicated paperwork, or just because they are not aware of what is on offer. According to the charity Age UK, pensioners are the most likely group of Britons to be missing out on state benefits from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). Attendance Allowance is a benefit for people over 66 years who need help with personal care or supervision because of illness or disability. The charity Turn2Us reported that nearly three and a half million pensioners are missing out on this payment.     The amount a person can get is based on the help they need and not on the help they do or do not actually get. There are two different amounts which people can receive, and it is dependent on the care that is needed and not the disability. The lower rate, of £61.85 a week, is given if a person needs help or supervision during the day or at night. The higher rate, of £92.40, is given if a person needs help during the day and overnight, or if they are terminally ill. Overall, people have the chance to claim up to £370 per month.READ MORE: State pensioners may be able to increase sum by up to £14.75 weekly    People are able to spend the money however they like as the aim of the benefit is to help Britons stay as independent as possible so they can stay in their own homes for longer. The money a person receives isn't means-tested so their savings or income won't affect the claim. Claiming the support also won't affect any other benefits a person gets. In fact, it can actually be a stepping stone in helping a person access further benefits such as Pension Credit, Housing Benefit, or Council Tax Reduction. Both physical and mental disabilities are considered when it comes to eligibility for Attendance Allowance, with more than 50 health conditions possibly able to qualify for the benefit.   The DWP says that these could include: Arthritis Spondylosis Back Pain – Other / Precise Diagnosis not Specified Disease of The Muscles, Bones or Joints Trauma to Limbs Blindness Deafness Heart disease Chest disease Asthma Cystic Fibrosis Cerebrovascular Disease Peripheral vascular Disease Epilepsy Neurological Diseases Multiple Sclerosis Parkinson's Disease Motor Neurone Disease Chronic Pain Syndromes Diabetes Mellitus Metabolic Disease Traumatic Paraplegia/Tetraplegia Major Trauma Other than Traumatic Paraplegia/Tetraplegia Learning Difficulties Psychosis Psychoneurosis Personality Disorder Dementia Behavioural Disorder Alcohol and Drug Abuse Hyperkinetic syndrome Renal Disorders Inflammatory Bowel Disease Bowel and Stomach Disease Blood Disorders Haemophilia Multi System Disorders Multiple Allergy Syndrome Skin Disease Malignant Disease Severely Mentally impaired Double Amputee Deaf/Blind Haemodialysis Frailty Total Parenteral Nutrition AIDS Infectious diseases: Viral disease - Coronavirus covid-19 Infectious diseases: Viral disease - precise diagnosis not specified Infectious diseases: Bacterial disease – Tuberculosis Infectious diseases: Bacterial disease – precise diagnosis not specified Infectious diseases: Protozoal disease – Malaria Infectious diseases: Protozoal disease – other / precise diagnosis not specified Infectious diseases - other / precise diagnosis not specified Cognitive disorder - other / precise diagnosis not specified Terminally Ill People with a condition not on this list may still qualify for Attendance Allowance. READ MORE: ‘Game over!’ Woman, 42, watches as hackers steal £10,000 in attack  To claim Attendance Allowance, people will need to fill out the claim form which can be found on and downloaded from the Government’s website. People can also call the Attendance Allowance helpline on 0800 731 0122. Britons may apply for Attendance Allowance on behalf of someone else, for example, a parent or a friend or other relative. Age UK recommends that when people fill out their form, then they must be “really clear” on how their illness or disability affects them.    The charity also states that people should include any and all supporting information, such as GP letters, care plans, or prescription lists. Once the form has been submitted, the DWP may contact a person for more information or to arrange a doctor's visit. Age UK said: “It's a good idea to prepare for this visit by writing things down you think the doctor should know about.” The charity said that it understands the application process can be “daunting” and it has created a page with guidance and tips to help better understand the process. They also provide support for claimants through their free advice line on 0800 678 1602. These lines are open from 8am - 7pm everyday all year round.   