Liverpool summer signing Fabio Carvalho called his unofficial debut against Manchester United "bittersweet" after his fleeting appearance in the 4-0 defeat at the Rajamangala Stadium. Carvalho will be hoping to use pre-season this summer to try and force Jurgen Klopp into giving him plenty of minutes when the campaign gets underway next month. Liverpool's pre-season matches got underway on Tuesday with a friendly against arch-rivals United in Bangkok. Erik ten Hag opted for a strong starting line-up while Jurgen Klopp used 21 players inside the opening 37 minutes of the match. Carvalho was named in the starting line-up, playing alongside Harvey Elliott, Luis Diaz and Roberto Firmino in attack. The teenager impressed in parts and came agonisingly close to scoring an equaliser after a smart attacking move. He was eventually brought off as Klopp changed the entire outfield around 10 minutes before the break. United had rolled to a 3-0 lead at that point with Liverpool eventually bringing on their big stars such as Mohamed Salah, Virgil van Dijk, Trent Alexander-Arnold and Darwin Nunez midway through the second half.  From the amount of players Klopp opted to use in the match, the final result appeared to be at the back of his mind. But for Liverpool fans watching, it was their first chance to see Carvalho in action and the 19-year-old has promised supporters that he will look to make amends for his missed effort against United. “I thought I had [scored]!” Carvalho told LFCTV. “I had the chance obviously, hit the post. Next game I’m sure I’ll get the goal.” Carvalho is also seeking revenge on United once the campaign gets underway with Liverpool set to play their rivals at Old Trafford on August 22.  “It was a bittersweet moment for me, one of my first games for Liverpool. Hopefully, the first of many,” he said. “I’m sure we will be working on the pitch to rectify that next time we play against them.” Liverpool are next in action against Crystal Palace on Friday when they travel to Singapore. And Carvalho hopes the Reds can put their "mistakes" from the United game quickly behind them and get up to speed quickly. “When you play against one of the best teams in the country, you get punished if you make mistakes," he said. “Hopefully, next game, we can put everything to bed.”