In recent years, there has been a surge in “staycations” with Britons swapping their Mediterranean villas for a seaside cottage in the UK. Some areas of the UK, even before the pandemic, were struggling to cope with heavy tourism and the popularity of the area. Unfortunately, this has affected local people and residents who are being pushed out of these areas. Tourism can bring a lot of money to an area, especially when there are large hotels and campsites nearby. As well as hotels, people are renovating there homes and renting them out as AirBnbs. Those who can afford to are also buying second homes in popular areas to rent out as holiday cottages which is causing house prices to surge and pricing out locals. An example of this is the village of Chapel Stile in the Lake District, where only 14 out of the 123 homes are now lived in full-time. READ MORE: Surfaces to ‘avoid’ cleaning with citric acid Now, new research has revealed which locations in the UK locals are being pushed out by tourists the most. The new study from Hey Discount analysed popular tourist spots around the UK on factors such as the number of holiday rental properties, the increase in house prices and the estimated time to buy a house. The historical city of Bath took the top spot with a total tourist-pressure score of 8.35/10. Bath ranked in the top 15 locations for all but one category. It seems the city could see a continued influx of tourists as there was a 108 percent increase in the number of searches about holidaying in Bath this year. DON'T MISSHeatwave warning: 'Avoid gardening' for now to help your garden [INSIGHT]Can you mow your lawn when it's raining? [UPDATE]Paint colours to avoid in the kitchen - ‘stay away’ [ANALYSIS] According to Rightmove, homes in Bath had an overall average price of £548,183 over the last year. The picturesque Lake District ranked in second place with a score of 8.13/10. The national park is the most visited tourist attraction in the country and contains the largest mountains and lakes in England. Tourists are having a huge impact on locals with roads becoming overcrowded and house prices soaring. Properties in the Lake District had an overall average price of £271,193 over the last year, according to Rightmove. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Newquay came in third place with a score of 8.06/10. The Cornish seaside resort is a popular staycation spot and is also the location for a summer music festival. Local residents in Newquay earn an average wage of just over £17,000, which is one of the lowest on the list. House prices have surged by 65 percent which means the average local would have to save for over 20 years in order to afford a home in the area. Properties in Newquay had an overall average price of £329,700 over the last year. London came in fourth place with a score of 7.81/10. The capital attracts the highest number of tourists in the country with millions visiting the city from across the world each year. The city is not only popular with Britons but international visitors too.  However, the average house price in London is now almost three-quarters of a million pounds and is up by 86 percent in a decade. In fact, properties in London had an overall average price of £830,262 over the last year, according to Rightmove. Coming in fifth place is the city of York, a medieval city with stunning architecture and monuments. The city is small but attracts a plethora of tourists. The destination scored 7.37/10 and is likely to continue being a popular spot with holiday searches increasing by 84.5 percent. Homes in York had an overall average price of £306,134 over the last year.