With household bills in the UK tipped to reach £3,800 this winter, many experts have blamed the country’s reliance on expensive fossil fuels as a major reason for this price increase. To accelerate the transition away from natural gas-based boilers into energy-efficient home heating solutions like heat pumps, the Government is set to hand out an additional £54million in funding to enable the supply of clean energy to 28,000 homes and businesses.  This support package will boost the development of schemes in London, Bedfordshire and Woking that use low-carbon heat sources such as heat pumps and energy from waste to warm properties. Aside from saving Britons from high gas bills, these schemes will boost the UK’s energy independence, ensuring that the country is not dependent on the price and supply shocks like the ones Europe is facing because of Russia. The cash injection will enable the projects to develop and complete the construction of the networks providing energy to households and commercial sites including shops, offices and public buildings. Minister for Business and Energy Lord Callanan said: “These projects will transform how tens of thousands of households and businesses keep their properties warm.  “By investing in cutting-edge low-carbon heating technologies we are helping to secure a lasting move away from using fossil fuels and protecting consumers from the costs that are driving up energy bills at a time of high global prices.” A heat network is a distribution system of insulated pipes that takes heat from a central source, such as large-scale heat pumps or heat recovered from industry and delivers it to a number of domestic or non-domestic buildings. About half of the funding will go to the Haringey London Borough Council, as it is set to receive £27.8million funding for two heat network projects - Wood Green District Heating Network and the Tottenham Hale and Broadwater Farm District Heating Network. Together, these projects will provide heat to nearly 10,000 homes when it is finished construction.  READ MORE: Sunak hints at heat pump scrapping as he pledges cheaper energy plans According to the Haringey Council, the Wood Green project “has been identified in a borough-wide Energy Master Plan as one of three areas where development of a heat network could be viable.” Both heat networks will be supplied primarily by heat generated by the Energy Recovery Facility being built at the Edmonton Eco Park. Meanwhile, another £17million will help develop a project in Stewartby in Bedfordshire and a further £9million for one in Woking. READ MORE: Energy bills lifeline: £400 winter discount for 29 million households [REVEAL] Xi betrays Putin as China to hand EU £83bn energy lifeline [INSIGHT]Covid breakthrough: 'Compelling evidence' on origin FINALLY found [REPORT] Collectively, over £250million in similar support has been awarded by the Government since 2018, which will help households and businesses across the regions to access low carbon heating. Heat networks are uniquely able to unlock otherwise inaccessible large-scale renewable and recovered heat sources, such as large rivers and industrial heat. This will allow them to reduce bills, support local regeneration and provide a cost-effective way of reducing carbon emissions from heating, whilst simultaneously boosting energy security.