Prince Richard, Duke of Gloucester will visit Hub8, a co-working space which has become “a central node” within the regional cyber tech community, in Cheltenham on Tuesday. The 77-year-old will the organisation with The Queen's Award for Enterprise, which recognises British businesses and other organizations who excel at international trade, innovation, sustainable development or promoting opportunity. It is one of many royal engagements the Queen's cousin is undertaking in the coming weeks, as the Duke is set to travel up and down the country to represent the monarch. The Duke of Gloucester is the second son of Prince Henry, Duke of Gloucester and Princess Alice, Duchess of Gloucester and is the youngest grandchild of King George V and Queen Mary. At the time of his birth, he was fifth in the line of succession to the throne and second in line to his father’s dukedom. His older brother, Prince William of Gloucester, was set to inherit his father’s peerages: Duke of Gloucester, Earl of Ulster and Baron Culloden. As Richard never intended to assume his father’s title or duties, he pursued a career outside of the Royal Family. READ MORE: Prince George ‘so upset' after Kate and William's tour—'not going to believe this' The prince attended Magdalene College at the University of Cambridge, where he read Architecture. Richard graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in June 1966 and graduated with an MA in 1971. After university, he joined the Offices Development Group in the Ministry of Public Building and Works where he undertook a year of practical work. He later became a practising partner at the architectural firm, Hunt Thompson Associates. Richard had every intention of following his dream and becoming a full-time architect. However, in August 1972, tragedy struck when William — a licensed pilot — died in an air accident. The prince, who owned several aircrafts and had a passion for aviation, had been competing in an amateur air show race. Shortly after takeoff, the plane became out-of-control, hit a tree and crashed into a bank, bursting into flames. DON'T MISS: Meghan and Harry's US stay questioned as Duke speech sparks fury [REVEAL]Meghan acted liked a 'princess' at NY restaurant with Harry [INSIGHT]Harry and Meghan's UN visit sparks protest 'Why are they here?' [ANALYSIS] William, 30, and his passenger Vyrell Mitchell — a pilot with whom the prince had often raced — were killed. Following the death of his brother, Richard became heir apparent to his father’s Duchy and had to take on more responsibilities and family obligations. He, therefore, resigned from his architectural partnership and began representing Queen Elizabeth II on royal duties. And when Prince Henry died a couple of years later, in 1974, Richard succeeded him and became the Duke of Gloucester, simultaneously becoming a full-time working royal. Now, 48 years later, Richard is the most senior male-line descendant of Queen Victoria and her husband Albert, Prince Consort. He holds a number of important positions within the royal fold and is associated with more than 150 organisations and charities. His patronages not only reflect his personal interests, but also the professional dreams he once had. The Duke remains deeply interested in architecture and has been a corporate member of the Royal Institute of British Architects since 1972. He is also President of the Scottish Society of the Architect-Artists.  Alongside Prince Edward, Duke of Kent, and Princess Alexandra, Richard is one of only a few of the Queen's cousins who serve the monarchy in an official capacity. Following the stepping down of Prince Andrew, the death of Prince Philip and the shock exit of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle, the Queen’s cousins stepped up to take on more responsibilities within the Royal Family, particularly amid growing concerns surrounding the 96-year-old monarch’s health. Last month, the Queen showed her appreciation for the eldest members of the Royal Family by incorporating them into a major historic event. Richard, Edward and Alexandra all joined the Queen on Buckingham Palace balcony during the Platinum Jubilee celebrations last month.