Manchester United have made contact with Matthijs de Ligt and have received a response from his representatives as they look to hijack Chelsea's transfer. Bayern Munich are also heavily interested in the Juventus star. United are looking to hijack a move for De Ligt this summer after making contact with his agents despite interest from Chelsea and Bayern Munich. Erik ten Hag knows the defender well having coached him at Ajax and helped him develop into one of the best defenders in the world. The 22-year-old is disillusioned with life at Juventus after failed contract talks and a miserable couple of seasons in Turin. The Old Lady have seen their dominance of Serie A evaporate in recent times after finished fourth for a second season in a row. Last campaign was their worst points tally since 2011 after managing just 70 and only just clinging to a Champions League spot. De Ligt has been looking to reduce his release clause during contract talks as well - which currently stands at £108million. But Juventus have been reluctant to do so, resulting in a breakdown in relations and the defender looking to leave this summer. There has been widespread interest, mostly from Chelsea and Bayern Munich with Thomas Tuchel and Julian Nagelsmann huge fans of the centre-back. However, United are looking to gatecrash the transfer battle and have already made contact with De Ligt's representatives. However, according to BILD, the Red Devils did not get the response they were hoping for after they replied that they are currently in contact with Bayern only. The youngster wants to see if the German giants can clinch an agreement with Juventus as he would prefer a move there. Not only does that come as a blow to United but to Chelsea, too, where they are desperate for a defender after losing Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen on free transfers. Ten Hag, on the other hand, might return to his transfer plot to sign Lisandro Martinez from Ajax. However, Arsenal are also in the fight for the Argentine but neither club has met the £43m price-tag so far. United are thought to be the favourites in the race while the 24-year-old has already insisted he wants to move to the Premier League this summer.