Prince Charles and his wife Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, took more than 40 private flights between them last year to travel around the UK and Ireland. Royal accounts show they flew to several engagements including the UN Climate Conference COP26 in Glasgow, a visit to Belfast and on their annual tour of Wales. Many argued that members of the Royal Family and celebrities should not preach about climate change while continuing to use private planes and helicopters. READ MORE: 'It's not a good look' Prince Charles 'doesn't like using helicopters' over climate cost Username SpocksBeard said: “Anyone who lectures you on climate change then travels the world in a private jet when they could do it by zoom is a hypocrite.” Username jacksdad said: “Without a doubt, he and other elites, together with the wealthy celebs are all hypocrites with respect to climate change.” And username Doodles 1 said: “I’m sick to death of these people preaching one thing and then doing the complete opposite. When they start practising what they preach then I’ll start listening.” Another, username Claremont77 said: “I don't care if the Royals travel all day every day, but don't preach to the rest of us about climate change and the need to save the planet.” Yet other readers suggested that Charles needed to use helicopters to carry out his work. Username Stepneylad said: “When working it [flying] does make being in two places in quick succession possible. So it does make more sense to use the helicopter.” Username My thoughts said: “He is working, representing the Queen and country. “If he was just going on holiday I would understand people being so negative.” Daily Express royal editor Richard Palmer said that Charles is aware using helicopters is “not a good look” for the Royal Family. He told Royal RoundUp host Pandora Forsyth earlier this month: "So, you do see them using helicopters, I mean, partly sometimes that's about needing to get from A to B and then to C quite quickly and the helicopter is the only way of doing that. “But it's often not a good look, is it, particularly for a short distance. “The household will often say, we've got this helicopter sitting there, it's a fixed cost we might as well use it.” DON'T MISS: He added: “Prince Charles doesn't like using helicopters.” A royal source told PA news agency last month that Charles is “pretty allergic” to helicopter travel and was working to balance his travel to conduct his royal duties and be an environmental champion. Sir Clive Alderton, Charles’s principal private secretary, said the Prince of Wales has “personally” driven the move to use sustainable aviation fuel, which is now used for all official travel “wherever possible.” Charles has been working to reduce the Royal Family’s carbon footprint and some readers recognised these positive changes. Username angloamerican said: “It is not hypocritical to argue for a gradual reduction in reliance upon fossil fuels whilst taking concrete steps to do so in a person's own life and business.” Username Jac2211 said: “Prince Charles is in a no-win situation. If he stays home and does nothing he will be slated for not doing enough if he travels to meet the people he is slated. “People use transport every day of the week, the only difference is his workplace is all over the country and at times the world.” And username BristolGal0629 said: “Yes they seem hypocritical with their private flights but in his defence, he and those who work for him do a lot for wildlife like wildflower meadows, hedgerow laying, tree planting etc. “Climate change is not just about private planes etc but reintroducing biodiversity on the ground with plants and wildlife.”