Tim Henman has blasted Nick Kyrgios for using an "appalling tactic" during his Wimbledon final against Novak Djokovic. The Australian utilised an underarm serve during the first set as he attempted to catch the 20-time Grand Slam champion out, but the former British No 1 does not think it is an effective serve. “I love the way Kyrgios has started," Henman said on the BBC's commentary of the Wimbledon final. "To me there is a bit of chat around the underarm serve, whether it’s disrespectful. It’s nothing of the sort, it is a legitimate tactic but on a grass court it’s an appalling tactic.” Djokovic however was able to react to the serve, moved forward and popped over a winner. Kyrgios kept wowing the crowd with a tweener shot shortly after, and BBC commentator Todd Woodbridge believes that he is able to attempt these improvised shots due to not having a coach. "Nick doesn't have a coach," Woodbridge said. "He doesn't usually go in with a game hand but he has had a good think about how to play. He's thrown Djokovic off balance." JUST IN: Djokovic 'desperate' to catch Nadal but at disadadvantage in GOAT race Even Andy Murray made an underarm serve earlier in the tournament, something the Brit was criticised for in his first-round win over James Duckworth and Kyrgios revealed that he spoke to Murray about the shot. "I heard about it, apparently he won the point!" Kyrgios said. "I asked him about it in the locker room. He said it was pretty bad but he won the point. "We have some fun chats in there, that’s for sure. It’s just good to see him back competing. It’s his favourite tournament, he’s won it before. It’s just good to see him back." Murray has claimed that he has no problems with players using the alternative serve. DON'T MISSKyrgios’ brother breaks down over journey before Wimbledon finalNadal called out by UFC star just days after Wimbledon withdrawalWimbledon prize money: How much will Kyrgios and Djokovic make?  "I personally have no issue with players using it. I never have," Murray said earlier in the tournament. "Certainly more and more players have started returning from further behind the baseline now to give themselves an advantage to return. "No one says it’s disrespectful for someone to return from five or six metres behind the baseline to try to get an advantage. "So I used it, not to be disrespectful to him, but to say ‘if you’re going to step further back to return the serve to give yourself more time, then I’m going to exploit that’."