There’s nothing more comforting than stepping out of a shower or bath and wrapping yourself in a warm fluffy towel. But during the summer months, many households use nature’s drier - the sun - to dry their towels after a wash. And sometimes they can end up feeling crispy and rigid, especially if they are a few years old. But there’s an easy way to restore a towel’s fluffiness. Emma Bingham took to Facebook and asked: “How do you wash and dry towels so they are soft? “My new towels always seem to go hard after a few months. I live in Scotland our water is soft.” The post gained many comments with lots of advice. Many said not to use fabric conditioners or softeners. READ MORE: Ex-burglar gives his top tips to stay safe during heatwave Fabric conditioners contain lubricating ingredients that help coat and soften fibres in your fabrics when added to your laundry load in the form of liquid, powder or dryer sheets. But some claim they leave towels crispy due to the product building up over time. Mrs Hinch fans had an alternative product suggestion - and it’s much cheaper than buying fabric conditioner or softener. DON'T MISS...Meghan Markle sent subtle message with key accessory in NYC [STYLE]How to keep bananas perfectly yellow with clever food storage hack [GUIDE]Gregg Wallace shares foods he ate to lose 4.5st - 'Wasn't a struggle!' [PICTURES] DL Murphy said: “Vinegar in the softener dispenser.” Paula Collingdridge added: “Don’t put softener in use a little vinegar and once hung outside almost dry I put in tumble dryer to finish off.” Ma Meusel wrote: “Hot water, double rinse, no fabric softener; hardness is a build-up of detergent/softener, use only the amount of detergent you need. “Try washing them first with no detergent, just white vinegar, to remove old build-up.” READ MORE: Pippa Middleton buys new £15m property in Berkshire for growing family Celia Howe explained: “Don’t use fabric softener. Use minimal soap powder and a highish temp a few times. “Using fabric softener (which has a plastic in it ie silicone) coats the fabric and makes it less absorbable. “Check your washing machine filter to make sure that it is rinsing with enough clean water too. Good luck!” Distilled white vinegar is the best kind to use; it is colourless, and the smell is less pungent than other sorts of vinegar such as malt or apple cider. You can buy white vinegar in bulk online or in several high street stores and supermarkets. Vinegar has high acidity, which means that it can dissolve grime and mineral deposits that may be present on your towels. 1. Add your towels to the washing machine drum - keep similar colours together and don’t overload. 2. Add one cup of vinegar directly into the drum. 3. Set a hot washing cycle. 4. Hang towels outside on a washing line to dry.