Alan Fletcher, 65, has played Doctor Karl Kennedy on Neighbours for over 27 years, but he will be bidding farewell to the iconic role after the show was axed by Channel 5. The Australian actor has spoken to Express.co.uk about his last days on set and what we should expect from the soap's final episodes, premiering early August. Alan was quizzed on what the Neighbours set was like in the last few days. He said: "We finished filming on June the 10th and that was the very, very last scene. Neighbours will finish airing on Channel 5 on August 1st. "I will be coming over in July to promote Neighbours' last stages and then encourage people to stay tuned into those last episodes because they're just remarkable. "There's so many characters that are coming back from the past. READ MORE: Tom Hanks’ troubled son blamed father’s fame for behaviour "So people are going to be spellbound by it, it's going to be incredible. "Even for those who stopped watching the show, it's a wonderful opportunity for them to come back from an astounding point of view because they will see the characters they remember." Having played Doctor Karl for over 27 years, Express.co.uk asked the actor if he will feel a void in his life as the show discontinues. He replied: "Well, the interesting thing was I didn't actually work on Neighbours for more than 32 weeks of the year anyway, I was busy doing other things. "I would often shoot over to the UK and do either panto or band tours and so forth. So I've always kept myself busy. "But with Neighbours finishing I will be doing the Doctor Karl tour in the UK and probably doing it again in 2023. "Besides that, I will also be playing a lot of music and doing a lot of festivals. So I reckon this year is going to be pretty busy for me!" For his new single, Alan teamed up with former Neighbours co-star Alyce Platt in their brand new duet, Sorry Is The Word. DON'T MISS... Fern Britton mocks 'toy boy' Boris over Carrie as she carries baby [OPINION] Amanda Holden, 51, shows off her phenomenal figure in yellow bikini [PICS] Cliff Richard goes for patriotic look at Wimbledon 2022 [WIMBLEDON] Speaking about the single, he said: "Like a lot of songs, 'Sorry Is The Word' came from my own life experience. "I have learnt over time that pride and an inability to accept blame and apologise is responsible for so much heartache and missed opportunities." Alan also shared that Hollywood's Margot Robbie actually sent an extravagant farewell gift to the set during the cast's last days of filming for the soap. Hollywood star Margot started her career on Neighbours, playing Donna Freedman, similar to other big stars, including Kylie Minogue and Jason Donovan. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Alan revealed: "She sent 37 bottles of champagne to the cast and crew on the last day. "It was one for every year the show was on air. She's just a sweetheart. "There's so many people that have gone through Neighbours, even people you don't necessarily think about that have had fantastically successful careers in the United States. "It's been a wonderful training ground for people. "I was very happy just to be there and watch everyone come through and work with them. But yeah, it's been a fantastic thing." Tickets for all shows are available from https://alanfletcher.net/.