The Last Kingdom has gone down a huge hit on Netflix and fans were sad to hear the historical drama was ending with season five. Thankfully, filming has now finished on the upcoming movie, Seven Kings Must Die, which will conclude Uhtred's (played by Alexander Dreymon) story. Sonya Cassidy, who joined the cast of season five as Eadgifu, has said she will not be able to take part. Sonya Cassidy joined the final season of The Last Kingdom as one of King Edward's (Timothy Innes) love interests. She visited him asking for his help in settling a dispute over her family's assets. He recognised her from his childhood and took an instant liking to her, asking her to stay at the kingdom. Over time they married and had a child together, and he was the one person Edward genuinely wanted to be with. Sadly actress Cassidy said she would not be starring in the upcoming film. READ MORE: The Last Kingdom’s Father Benedict star taken aback by season 5 She said she was unable to take part due to film schedule conflicts. She explained: "It’s with a heavy heart that I say no, because of a scheduling conflict. “I had a blast on The Last Kingdom. I was a big fan of the show anyway, so it was really fun to kind of join those guys in beautiful Budapest. "And I really liked that character, I really enjoyed playing Eadgifu, but my time playing her was for season five," she told Digital Fix. She added: “Alas, someone else will be picking up that baton. "So I’m glad that at least her story will continue. In another world, I’d have happily done it. But unfortunately, I couldn’t.” So with this in mind, her character may be returning, but she will be played by another actress. This could mean Timothy Innes is starring in the upcoming film, as the two characters are married. Not much information has been given about the casting, and no one has been revealed to be taking over Sonya's role yet. She is not the only one who will not be returning for the movie. DON'T MISS... Stefanie Martini nationality: Where is The Last Kingdom star from? [INSIGHT] The Last Kingdom’s Eadgifu star speaks out on Alexander Dreymon future [INTERVIEW] The Last Kingdom: What is Blood Will Prevail? New release explained [EXPLAINER] Eliza Butterworth, who plays Aelswith in the series, was also unable to commit due to filming conflicts. She was busy working on her upcoming Sky series, A Town Called Malice, which was filmed in Tenerife. Eliza had been living in Tenerife during the production process, so she was unable to take part in both projects. As for who will definitely be in the film, Alexander Dreymon will return as the main protagonist Uhtred. He is expected to be joined by Arnas Fedaravičius, who plays Uhtred's friend Sihtric in the series. The pair were seen filming together in one of Alexander's Instagram videos. The film is expected to pick up with Uhtred ruling his homeland of Bebbanburg, which is where season five ended. Producers have suggested it will draw inspiration from Bernard Cornwell's last Saxon Stories novels.  Seven Kings Must Die will air on Netflix.