PC Henry Green is set to face a misconduct hearing after reports emerged that he allegedly used a leg sweep to bring one woman to the floor at the Tesco store in Newland Avenue, west Hull on June 6, 2019. She was handcuffed at the time and unable to break her fall. According to Hull Live, he is also accused of failing to "adequately physically support and control the complainant while she was taken to the floor to minimise the risk of serious injury". On the same day, he is alleged to have hit another person in the face while holding a pair of handcuffs. The complainant was also handcuffed at the time. It is alleged that PC Green breached the Standards of Professional Behaviour by applying force that was "not necessary, proportionate or reasonable in the circumstances" on both occasions. The accusation is that the behaviour of PC Green amounts to gross misconduct.  The police misconduct hearing has been scheduled to take place between July 11-13 and is due to be held at the former Magistrate's Court building in Goole. More details can be found on the Humberside Police website here. The misconduct hearing announcement states: “The above conduct breached the Standards of Professional Behaviour relating to use of force and individually and/or cumulatively amounts to gross misconduct.” According to the Home Office guidance regarding Police conduct: "The Code of Ethics, issued by the College of Policing, sets out in detail the principles and expected behaviours that underpin the standards of professional behaviour for everyone working in the policing profession in England and Wales. This includes police officers, to whom the Conduct Regulations apply. "Police officers only use force to the extent that it is necessary, proportionate and reasonable in all the circumstances." A government report for 2021 found that of the cases recorded by the 43 territorial police forces in England and Wales, that were deemed to require investigation (through local, directed or independent investigation), involving police officers, there were:  The most common proceedings type for staff was a hearing, with 64% of public complaint allegations referring to proceedings leading to a hearing. In the year ending 31 March 2021, 176 public complaint allegations against police officers went to a misconduct hearing. The most common outcome at a misconduct hearing for officers was dismissal, with 35% of hearings involving officers resulting in this outcome. A written warning was given in 17% of hearings.