Yellowstone will be back on The Paramount Network later this year and fans are keen to find out what will happen to Jamie Dutton (played by Wes Bentley). He was caught red-handed by his sister Beth (Kelly Reilly) disposing of his father's dead body. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the TV star, including his nationality. The 43-year-old actor and father-of-two is known for his roles in American Beauty and The Hunger Games. In 2018 he made his first appearance in Yellowstone as the outcast of the Dutton family, Jamie. His character has had a tough time over the course of the series and is in an ongoing feud with his sister. While many fans hate him for what he did to Beth, others believe he is a misunderstood character. Actor Bentley is American and was born in Jonesboro, Arkansas in 1978. READ MORE: Yellowstone season 5 theory: Beth Dutton causes downfall of ranch? He is one of four children and is of German, Scottish and English descent. His father is a minister and his mother a chaplain in the Arkansas Conference, both in the United Methodist denomination. The star went to school in Arkansas, but it is believed he now lives in LA. He featured in a documentary called My Big Break in 2009, which delved into his early life as an off-the-radar actor. The star found fame after his role in American Beauty, but the newfound fame did not come without his problems. He opened up about the emotional struggle with fame and his recovery from addiction to drugs and alcohol. After turning his life around, Bentley's Yellowstone co-stars praised him for his stellar performance in the series. Kelsey Asbille, who plays Monica Dutton, told Cheatsheet: "Wes is a master. Jamie is not an easy role, by any means. "He’s incredible and really kind and nothing like his character, thank God.” DON'T MISS... Yellowstone season 5: Could John's backstory with his wife be shown? [THEORY] Yellowstone's Taylor Sheridan admits he almost quit writing drama [INSIGHT] Cole Hauser nationality: Where is the Yellowstone star from? [EXPLAINER] Bentley said playing such a dark character does take its toll on him sometimes. He said: "I find it really hard to even start blurring the lines not because I don’t want to, I want to do what I’m doing, but I just know the toll it’s gonna take. "The fact is in the moment Jamie’s terrible and he makes terrible decisions, the kind that makes your life awful. “So, I do struggle with that, but I’m complaining right now about a very beautiful thing. "It’s what I want as an actor, I want these challenges, I want this to be hard.” As for his personal life, the star is married to Jacqui Swedberg. He was married to Jennifer Quanz from 2001 until their divorce in 2009. The star has two children, Brooklyn and Charles, with his current wife Jacqui.  Yellowstone season 5 airs on The Paramount Network on November 13. Seasons 1-3 are available in the UK on Paramount Plus, and in the US on Peacock.