Eamonn Holmes took to Twitter and revealed he had been awake in bed just a few hours before he was due on-air at GB News. The former This Morning presenter, who now fronts The Great British Breakfast alongside Isabel Webster, said he would try to be upbeat after suffering the Sunday night blues. The 62-year-old shared said he struggled with a common phenomenon among the public despite being well rested over the weekend. He joked to his one million followers that it was the regular scenario of "going back to school" after enjoying the weekend break. Eamonn penned: "My #Sleeplessness has little to do with the #heat. Familiar #Sunday night scenario of back to School. "Most of us get it. That, being too well rested over the weekend & knowing the alarm will go off in 3 hours time. But I'll be my usual #Sunny self on @GBNEWS breakfast."(sic) READ MORE: Heidi Klum puts on risqué display with beau as she flashes legs Social media users flocked to comment on the post as they reacted to his initial tweet. Twitter user, @lisabinns penned: "Sorry to hear that... heaven knows how you do such a fantastic job on hardly any sleep… I’m amazed you can function at all let alone present a live tv show for 3.5 hrs." Eamonn cheekily replied: "But look at the state of me... I'm only 32 years of age!" ITV presenter Sally Biddulph remarked: "I get this every. single. Sunday ahead of the 0400 alarm...worst though in the heat!" @patricia_deri wrote: "Eamonn, I feel the same way here but I'm awake of my chronic pain and this heatwave! Hope you're feeling better with your pain! See you soon for breakfast on #GBNews!" @MJtweetings mused: "Wish you to sleep well. Your programme is excellent. Even one where you are a bit tired will still be great." @Meisha commented: "Well I'm glad it's not because of pain. Nothing worse than being awake through the night with pain. It's the loneliest of times." @ValWatkins added: "You do a great job. I don’t sleep too well, it’s even worse when I know I have to be somewhere or pick someone up next morning." DON'T MISS... Strictly's Graziano and wife wow in pics as best man misses wedding[LATEST]Demi Rose spills out of lingerie in racy late night selfie[PICTURES]Meghan Markle’s 'low-key' appearance at Queen's Jubilee questioned[ROYALS]  Eamonn has been candid in recent months about his health woes as he battled chronic pain. The GB News host was awarded the News Presenter Of The Year accolade at The Television and Radio Industries Club Awards (TRIC) earlier this month but the dad-of-four revealed he was in a hospital bed just six weeks earlier. Writing in his column for The Daily Express, he said: “Just six weeks earlier I was lying in a hospital bed in Belfast undergoing treatment on a long-term back condition. “Many nights were spent wondering if and when I’d be back on TV, doing the job I love. “I was forced to watch the Queen’s Jubilee celebrations on the Telly rather than presenting from Buckingham Palace.” “I felt pretty low,” the GB News presenter confessed. “How would I recover? How long would I be off? What might the future hold? “Yet life has a funny way of working itself out in the end - especially if you can try and stay positive.” Breakfast with Eamonn & Isabel airs on GB News on weekdays from 6am. 