Virgin River season four has just arrived on Netflix and fans are binging their way through the episodes. Mel (played by Alexandra Breckenridge) was introduced to a new doctor, Cameron Hayek (Mark Ghanimé). He didn't seem to last long but Mel was willing to sacrifice her position to save the clinic.  Virgin River season four included plenty of drama for Doc Mullins (Tim Matheson) at his clinic. Not only was he introduced to his grandson Denny (Kai Bradbury), he had to keep a close eye on Hope (Annette O'Toole) after her accident. His health was also not in the best of shape and Mel was worried about how he would cope on his own. Knowing she would need more time off in the run-up to her baby being born, she grew more concerned for Doc. New doctor Cameron decided to hand in his notice after a falling out with Mel. READ MORE: Virgin River season 4 theory: Mel arrested over tragic baby decision He told her he felt Jack Sheridan (Martin Henderson) was not the right man for her and she took it badly. Feeling guilty about his feelings for her and making comments about her relationship, he felt he could no longer work with her. Doc revealed to Mel that Cameron has handed in his notice and would be leaving in a matter of weeks. Mel tried to convince him to stay, but he was adamant about moving away and Mel felt it was her fault. At the end of the season, she told Doc she was resigning in the hope it would convince Cameron to stay. However, shortly after this, Mel was forced to put her medical skills back into action. Charmaine (Lauren Hammersley) took a bad turn and Mel and Jack had to rush over to take care of her. At this moment in time, it seems Mel still intends to resign, but this could all change. Mel's job at the clinic forms a huge part of the story and she has become a pillar of the community. For her to give up the job she loves would be heartbreaking for all the residents. DON'T MISS... Virgin River season 4 theory: Mel romance with newcomer sealed [THEORY] Virgin River season 3 recap: What happened in season 3? [EXPLAINER] Virgin River season 4 theory: Brady killed off despite being cleared [THEORY] There are plenty of people who would try to convince her to stay, letting her know how she saved their life. There is also a chance Charmaine could move back closer to Jack and Mel and would be a regular patient at the surgery. It would be down to Mel to keep an eye on Charmaine and make sure her twins are delivered safely. The fact Cameron handed in his notice would become a drop in the ocean compared to bigger matters at hand. If Cameron found out she had also talked of resigning, he would feel even more guilty. The likelihood is he would suggest staying as long as Mel decided to stay, too. After taking some time to get over his feelings for Mel, he could put their professional relationship first. And who knows, he could even find a new love interest on his return, as he has expressed a desire to settle down. The series is yet to be renewed for a fifth season, but fans are only hoping Mel reverses her decision to leave.  Virgin River season 4 is on Netflix now.