Football fans will know Peter Crouch is famous for his robot dance, which he used to perform for crowds whenever he scored a goal. During a training meeting in 2004, the former professional football player was asked to do the famous dance by Prince William. Speaking on the Sacked in the Morning podcast, sporting star Sven-Göran Eriksson discussed the Peter's meeting with William and how the player said "the prince asked, I had to do it" after the "embarrassing" moment. Speaking to hosts Craig Levein and Amy Irons, Mr Eriksson said: "You remember he had that dance. "This was a tornament , could it be 2004? in Portugal. "He danced after he scored the goals in the club". He added that Prince William came because "he was the big patron of football in England, at that time". READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Sussexes 'raised eyebrows' behind palace walls during major event Mr Eriksson added: "So he [William] came and he saw [the] training. "Then, one of he players said to the prince, ask him [Peter Crouch] to make the dance. "The prince asked him 'can we see the dance', adding, "and, he did". He recalled how eveybody was "laughing and laughing and laughing". READ MORE: Queen pensive as she's spotted in public for first time since new Prince Andrew BBC claims Mr Eriksson continued: "In the bus back home, I heard the phone call from his mother and [she] said what did you do?. "Because it was on Sky, I suppose Sky Sports or whatever it was. "I heard him saying, well, it was a prince who asked me, I had to do it". Peter recently recalled the moment on Heart radio. He told Jamie and Amanda: "We were playing for England and William had an audience with us. "One of the lads said 'do you want to see it?' I said 'this is so embarrassing' and I could see cameras. But I thought the future king of England is asking me to do it I’m going to have to." DON'T MISS In 2005, Prince William was appointed the President-Designate of The Football Association. The prince is a follower of football and is known for supporting Aston Villa. The second in line to the throne has previously been spotted attending games with his eldest son Prince George. READ NEXT: