Roses are a staple in an English garden, and come in a variety of forms. Most gardeners will have one type of rose - either a shrub rose, rambler, climber, or another type. All varieties can be cut and put in vases in the house. Caring for roses can be tricky, as they need specific conditions to thrive. Gardener and RHS Gold winner Terry Winters, in partnership with Bramblecrest, has shared his advice for gardeners looking for rose care tips. Terry, who owns Ordnance House in Wiltshire, exclusively told Express.co.uk roses like sun, decent soil and good drainage. He said: “In simple terms, just allow them to bask in sun, give them decent soil and good drainage. READ MORE: Pippa Middleton lives in £17m home in Chelsea - perfect for new baby “Then they’ll reward you with a long abundant life of beautiful flowers. “Feed roses a couple of times a year, once in mid spring which is also a great time to mulch them too. “Then again when we enter July, this will encourage repeat flowering. “Annual pruning is important as each type needs a slightly different regime. DON'T MISSAspirin can ‘supercharge’ your tomato plants into producing more fruit [INSIGHT]Mrs Hinch fans share household item hack for ousting weeds from paving [UPDATE]‘Perfect way’ to add property value and make a home ‘more desirable’ [ANALYSIS] “In general terms, rambling roses flower just once (so only feed them in spring) while climbers and other roses repeat flower and the more you deadhead the more flowers you’ll be rewarded with and the prettier your life will be.” Here are some basic tips for each type of rose: Rambling roses will be starting to bloom now in a stunning display of colour. Most rambling roses have clusters of flowers which come in pale pinks, deep pinks, purples, reds, peaches and whites. These roses work best on large walls or pergolas and can even grow into canopies. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Ramblers will need strong support but are popular with pollinators and have a gorgeous scent. Types include: Paul Transon, Bleu Magenta, Alexandre Girault, Paul’s Scarlet Climber and Super Fairy. Climbing roses grow vigorously and often have scented flowers. Many climbing roses will repeat flower from the early summer through to autumn. They often look good covering walls and fences and can even grow up arches.  These varieties usually have thorny stems and have a strong scent. Types include: Climbing Cecile Brunner, Climbing Iceberg and Danse du Feu. Shrub roses are tough and hardy and will flower from summer through to autumn. These roses look amazing in a wild garden or at the back of a border. Shrub roses can also be used as informal hedging. They often have prickly branches and come in white, cream, yellow, pink, red, crimson, purple, peach and orange. Types include: Lady Emma Hamilton, Kew Gardens, Crocus Rose, Strawberry Hill, Munstead Wood, Penelope and Madame Hardy.