Martin Lewis explained the current economic crisis many Britons were facing due to the increases in prices for things like food and energy to Robert Peston. Mr Peston looked shocked hearing Mr Lewis predict that up to 12m people may be plunged into poverty in October due to the worsening of the economic climate. Mr Lewis warned that it will be millions of people who face financial difficulty, not hundreds of thousands. The UK is currently facing a high rate of inflation of up to 9.7 percent, and many economists warn increasing wages to match the increased cost of living will only worsen the situation, leaving many feeling helpless.  Mr Lewis told ITV's Peston: "From interest rates alone, again we're inured from that, from the number of people who are on fixed-rate mortgages. "Credit cards and loans..." Mr Peston said: "But as you said it's a lagged effect, that's the point." Mr Lewis said: "But when you take about the lagged effect, you know, millions of fixes will end each year, and you add in energy prices and all the other rises. "Well look, I mean the numbers are looking like... If we just take fuel poverty alone, we're talking 12m people potentially from October." JUST IN: 'Saw ember start a fire' Doorbell camera saves grandmother as family spots start of blaze     Mr Peston said: "Yeah!" Mr Lewis added: "And I get to the point some of that is relative poverty, but I genuinely worry about absolute poverty in this country." Mr Peston said: "No no totally...I get that..." Mr Lewis said: "And I can't give you numbers but I certainly think we're talking in millions not hundreds of thousands."  The financial expert then warned of a possible incoming cataclysm, as he predicted that many Britons could turn on energy suppliers if energy prices continued to rise at the rate that they have been. Mr Peston asked: “You warned of fears there may be civil unrest, do you still have that fear?”  READ MORE: Dog stretchered off mountain walk with suspected heatstroke on hottest day of the year    Mr Lewis replied: “The big movement that I am seeing is an increasing growth of people calling for a non-payment of energy bills process, so mass non-payment. “Effectively, a consumer strike on energy bills, getting rid of the legitimacy of paying that. “It’s small at the moment - there’s a Twitter handle with about 5,000 followers, but every time I talk about this and every time I raise the alarm about what’s happening, that is the big response I get back.”  Inflation in the UK has now surpassed the economist's predictions and is now 9.7 percent high. DON’T MISS: 'Disturbing' footage shows boys suspected of mutilating ducks found with heads ripped off[INSIGHT]'Not doing anything to help workers!’ Royal Mail threaten UK with summer of chaos over pay [REVEAL]Brexit trade victory! UK strikes new US deal with major state TODAY in £200bn turbo boost [SPOTLIGHT]    