Meghan Markle and Prince Harry welcomed their son, Archie Harrison, in May 2019. Two years later, in June 2021, their daughter Lilibet was born. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have not spoken much about parenting and often keep their children out of the public eye. Royal fans got their first proper glimpse of Lilibet in a portrait released to celebrated her first birthday last month. Archie was most recently seen in a family Christmas card from December 2021. Former show director at The Baby Show Zoe Bonser shared analysis on Meghan's parenting when Archie was born. READ MORE: Meghan Markle bought her favourite jewel and added special message She said: “Meghan trusts in her own decisions and makes her own way when it comes to motherhood, taking influence from others outside of the Royal Family.” In terms of what royal the Duchess may look up to, Zoe suggested Princess Diana. The expert continued: "Generally, it seems Meghan and Harry strive to follow in Princess Diana’s footprints which has been described as 'very hands-on and nurturing' – it was important to Diana to give her sons as normal life as possible and Meghan appears to feel the same.” Now that Meghan is a mother-of-two, parenting expert and founder of The Sleep Nanny Lucy Shrimpton shared advice for coping with two young children.  She explained it is likely Archie and Lili will grow up with a close bond. She said: "Meghan and Harry are lucky in a way because the chances are, Archie won’t remember a world without Lili in it when he’s older and being that they are so near in age, they will hopefully grow up both physically and emotionally close. "Relish this closeness and encourage their love and trust in one another." The royals could take advantage of the close age gap by getting Archie involved with his sister. Lucy added: "Get the older child involved as much as possible. "The older child will feel so used to being the centre of your world and suddenly having to share that attention will be extremely tough for them to understand. "So, get them involved as much as possible, highlighting their role as big brother or sister, and encourage them to care for their little sibling as much as possible. "A three year old won’t be able to do much to help but they will understand loving signals and if they are being ignored so be conscious of your body language and work hard to be as inclusive as possible." While Archie and Lilibet may grow up enjoying time together, the expert spoke of the importance of taking time apart. She suggested the royals should continue to make time for both children separately. "Make time away from the house with your firstborn," Lucy continued. "For example, Harry could take Archie out on special treats while Meghan spends time with Lili. "Spending all his time around the baby, or waiting for Mum to finish feeding the baby, can cause anxiety so making a day trip out for one of the parents with the older child will make them feel special – and excited to see their little brother or sister when they come home!"