Nick Kyrgios has shared a private video message he received from British rapper Stormzy, appearing to be from before the Wimbledon final. The 27-year-old made his maiden Grand Slam final at the All England Club earlier this month, losing to Novak Djokovic who picked up his seventh Wimbledon crowd. Kyrgios enjoyed the best result of his career at Wimbledon as he made it all the way to Sunday’s final, having never gotten past the last-eight at a Major before. The Aussie took the opening set against the top seed in the championship match before falling to Djokovic in four, and a week on he has now revealed he had an unlikely supporter going into the final. Now back at his home in the Bahamas, the world No 45 shared a 15-word video message he received from Stormzy to his Instagram story, writing: “Stormzy brother I did my best.” In the video, the 28-year-old Londoner appears to be at Wimbledon as he dons an all-green outfit and carries an accreditation and Wimbledon drinks cup. “Nick, we’re rooting for you my boy,” he smiles at the camera. “Come on, I’m here for you bro, yeah.” Kyrgios did start strong and grant Stormzy his wish as he took a 6-4 lead over Djokovic in the final, but the world No 7 stepped his level up and the Aussie lost 4-6 6-3 6-4 7-6(3). JUST IN: Novak Djokovic's coach reflects on 's****y year' despite Wimbledon win  After the final, Kyrgios admitted he didn’t think he played a bad match and gave full credit to his opponent for raising his game and being the better player. He said: “Played a hell of a first set and put myself in a position to, you know, obviously take a stranglehold of the match. “He's just really composed. It's weird, I felt like he didn't do anything amazing today. He returned obviously the way he returns. I feel like he's just a great returner. But he was just so composed. That's what I was just thinking to myself. In big moments, it just felt like he was never rattled.” DON'T MISSCalls for BBC Wimbledon presenter Sue Barker to be knighted growRussell aiming to copy Federer, Nadal and Djokovic to beat HamiltonRaducanu schedule as Brit looks to build form ahead of US Open defence   The six-time title winner hailed Djokovic’s ability to stay in the zone as he continued: “I feel like that's his greatest strength, he just never looks rattled. He just looks completely within himself the whole time. Didn't look like he was playing overaggressive, even though it felt like he was playing big.  “Hats off to him. That was a hell of a match. I thought I served well. I put myself in a position to win, but I just wasn't able to play those clutch points well at all today.” 