At midday, London Fire Brigade issued a warning to Britons to not hold barbecues as temperatures climbed to record levels. They noted emergency services attended more than 1,000 grass and open land fires since the beginning of June. The surge in fires prompted Fire Commissioner Andy Roe to write to all London local authorities asking for their support in a temporary ban of disposable barbecues in all public parks and open spaces. In his letter, Commissioner Roe said: “With no end to the hot weather in sight, I am deeply concerned that the unprecedented scale of these fires is set to continue, putting lives at risk as well as devastating green spaces around the capital. “London Fire Brigade has been issuing warnings and safety advice to Londoners throughout the summer, but people are continuing to behave carelessly and recklessly. “I am now calling for a temporary ban on the use of barbecues in all public parks and open spaces and I’m asking for your help to keep people safe.” While many parks and spaces already have bans and warning signage in place, Commissioner Roe is now calling on all London councils to support a temporary ban and assist the Brigade in highlighting its messaging and the concerns around barbecues. Commissioner Roe said: “As we have also sadly seen on more than once occasion so far this summer, it is really dangerous to enter open water. “We understand people will be looking for ways to cool down, but the water is colder than it looks and your body can go into cold water shock which causes panic, anxiety, disorientation and loss of muscular control. “We’re not trying to take the fun out of the heatwave which we know some people will be enjoying, but it is a very serious situation for many. For the sake of our city – and of our firefighters who have to work in sweltering temperatures to tackle these blazes – we’d really like people to take our advice on board.” READ MORE: London fires LIVE: Heathrow Airport metres away from huge blaze At 7.15pm, London Fire Brigade repeated their calls to ban barbecues and to dispose of cigarettes safely. Heathrow recorded a temperature of 40.2C at 12.50pm, the first time temperatures have ever exceeded 40C in the UK. London Fire Brigade has also declared a major incident in response to "a huge surge" of fires raging today, according to the Mayor of London Sadiq Khan. More than 400 firefighters have been battling at least nine blazes that began on Tuesday afternoon. DON'T MISS Brexit LIVE: Truss masterplan on hated deal expected to clear Commons Europe heatwave: Paris TRAPPED in concrete heat dome – 40C blast Zelensky’s heroes smash base of Putin’s men at strategic bridge The number of casualties and houses destroyed is not yet known. London Fire Brigade (LFB) assistant commissioner Jonathan Smith said LFB had to investigate every incident and could then give an "accurate picture”. He said Tuesday evening would be "critical" in ensuring the fires were kept under control. London Ambulance Service has said the total number of people taken to hospital may not be known until Wednesday morning. The Met Police, which has provided vehicle support to the firefighters, said some of the fires would require an ongoing presence through the night. There are also no trains out of Euston following a trackside fire. Train services running out of London King's Cross and London St Pancras International have also been cancelled due to the heat.