CBS’ hit procedural drama NCIS Los Angeles will finally premiere its 14th season in October. Although the recent instalment ended on a satisfying note, fans believe things could soon turn dark for their favourite character with the return of Sociopath David Kessler (played by Frank Military).  Season 13 ended in May with a few happy endings for the team of special agents. Callen (Chris O’Donnell) was able to put the case of a mysterious deep fake to bed and proposed to Anna (Bar Paly). Kensi (Daniela Ruah) and Marty Deeks (Eric Christian Olsen) finally became parents after they were approved to foster Rosa (Natalia Del Riego). Sam Hanna (LL Cool J) was doing more bonding with his father, while Fatima (Medalion Rahimi) helped Rountree (Caleb Castille) with dating advice. READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes speaks out on ITV return 'Have to be an apology' Although things seem to be left on a happy note for Kensi, fans believe her life could soon take a turn for the worse in season 14. Kensi first came across Kessler in the season 12 episode titled ’Raising the Dead’ when she helped put him in jail. The sociopath was guilty of being an arms dealer as well as a number of other offences including the human trafficking of minors. When he came face to face with Kensi, he revealed how much he truly knew about her life including her marriage and fertility troubles.  Then threatened, he was working out “to be ready to hunt you down, have sex with you, and then kill you, maybe not even in that order.” However, things changed when Kessler was given a presidential pardon and sought revenge for being sent to prison. Kensi then admitted she was fearful of Kessler after he sent a postcard with a photo of himself at the Santa Monica and wished he was with her. The agent had become so haunted with fear, she had begun dreaming of him and even shouted his name in her sleep. DON'T MISS... Yellowstone season 5 theory: John’s governor status confirmed [THEORY]NCIS LA's Daniela Ruah opens up on 'being a jerk' to co-star [INSIGHT]NCIS Agent Reeves star on exit ‘couldn’t have done it any better' [INSIGHT] As season 13 had such a focus on Katya (Sasha Clemanties) who was eventually killed, fans believe the upcoming instalment will see some new antics from familiar faces. With Kensi and Deeks’ new responsibility as parents, they would have more to lose with Kessler’s return. The show’s executive producer R. Scott Gemmill opened up about these prospects in an interview with TV Line. He stated: “That’ll be something else that we will resolve next season, there’s a couple things. 