Nutrition is a key factor when it comes to the health of each strand; dietitian Lola Biggs shares her expertise on five foods that promote healthier hair. "Eating the right foods full of vitamins, proteins and minerals can encourage fuller, stronger, healthier and shinier locks," Biggs revealed. When it comes to eating well, the first ingredient to consider is an egg. Considered a "nutrient-rich superfood for the hair", eggs contain biotin – a water-soluble B vitamin that is essential for the production of keratin (a hair protein). "They are also crammed full of zinc, selenium and protein which are good for preventing hair loss," Biggs confirmed. "A lack of zinc can lead to a dry and flaky scalp, as well as hair loss." To improve hair health, Biggs recommends eating more fruits, but most specifically, blueberries, kiwi, and oranges. READ MORE: Blood clots: The nation's favourite drink could make your blood sticky – increasing risk Biggs explained: "Vitamin C aids the absorption of iron and helps in the production of collagen, which strengthens the capillaries that supply the hair shafts. "Strawberries, papaya, and blackcurrants... are full of antioxidants that can protect hair follicles against free radical damage." Another ingredient to add to your weekly shopping basket is oily fish, such as: Packed with "essentially fatty acids", such as vitamin D and omega-3, oily fish also contains B vitamins and selenium, which are "perfect" for promoting strong stresses. DON'T MISSCliff Richard health: Star's 3 tips for 'healthy ageing' [TIPS]Sleep: The 'Navy SEAL' sleep hack to fall asleep in seconds [ADVICE]Prostate cancer: 10 symptoms of a growing tumour [INSIGHT] What about vegetarians? Biggs suggest that people who do not eat fish should opt for: Even meat eaters would benefit from adding nuts and seeds into their everyday diet. "Nuts are full of nutrients that are important for hair growth," Biggs confirmed. "Go for cashews, almonds, walnuts, and pecans... [and] Brazil nuts. When it comes to seeds, opt for: sunflower, chia, and flaxseeds." Biggs also suggests incorporating more leafy greens into your diet to promote healthier hair. Suggestions include: kale, collards, broccoli, and spinach, as they contain iron, beta carotene, folate, and vitamins A and C. "Iron is particularly important for hair as it helps red blood cells carry oxygen throughout the body to fuel hair growth and repair," Biggs added. "Supplements can also help boost healthy hair growth," said Biggs, recommending the Together Health Beautiful Hair, Skin and Nail supplement (£14.99, 60 capsules). "The unique formulation combines naturally occurring live enzymes, phytochemical, amino acids, and trace minerals. "Along with the richest source of natural silica from bamboo extract – an incredible mineral." Biggs stated: "All ingredients are 100 percent clean, free from pesticides and herbicides." Lola Biggs is a registered dietitian who works on behalf of Together Health.