Fiona is best known for playing Priya Sharma on Emmerdale and Joanna Day on Grange Hill, with her career spanning more than 25 years. The ITV soap star celebrated her 10th anniversary on the show last November, with her character taking centre stage in a huge storyline as she faced life-changing burns to her body after being caught up in the maze fire. With the actress showing no signs of slowing down yet, it seems she continues to embody her youthful spirit despite her ageing years. According to the world of the weeknight serial drama, the actress plays a character who is 36 years old, with Priya meant to be celebrating her birthday this week. The character was born on July 7 1986, but this means the troubled villager is actually much younger than the star who plays her. There is a seven-year difference between Fiona and Priya as the actress is 43 years old, having been born on March 20 1979. Fiona has already marked her birthday this year, with the soap star taking a weekend off work to celebrate with her husband, Simon Cotton. Taking to her Instagram platform, she shared some content of what she got up to in view of her 92,200 followers which included a video montage. READ MORE: Jane McDonald suffers wardrobe 'disaster' painting challenge Captioning the post, the soap star wrote: "A beautiful, relaxing birthday weekend away. Thank you my love @simoncottonactor." Given the actress's current age, this means she started her career on Emmerdale when she was 33 years old, which is not an uncommon age for stars of the show to be included in the cast. Many of Fiona's co-stars made their debut on the show in their mid to late 20s or in their early 30s but she doesn't look like she's aged a day. However, this is not where Fiona's career on the small screen began as she was cast in Grange Hill in 1996 when she was 17 years old. It wouldn't be until she was in her early 20s that would she land her next television role which was in the teen drama, 24Seven. In 2019, at the age of 40, the soap star married her husband Simon, who had previously played a character on Emmerdale in a guest capacity. Although the pair are smitten with one another, the soap star has said it is annoying when people tell her to hurry up and have children because she is ageing. Talking about getting pregnant in her 40s, the actress explained: "I mean, people say the odd things and you think, ‘You think I haven’t thought about that?’ "They’ll be like, ‘Oh, you’d better hurry up!’ - really not helpful!" However, the soap star did admit she would like to have children with her husband and start a family together someday. DON'T MISS...Nicola Wheeler health: Emmerdale star opens up about operation [COMMENT]Charley Webb leaves Emmerdale co-stars in tears with moving clip [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Charley Webb laments 'crying, screaming and arguing' kids [COMMENT] Fiona added in an interview with the Things I Told My Daughter podcast: "That’s definitely our next stage, we’d love that. "Again, I just think you’ve got to just do your part. I’m a really great believer of, if God wants that for you, it will happen. "Obviously you have to do your part, and there are so many wonderful options out there, but ultimately it would be incredible." In the same interview, she spoke about losing her father in 2005 when she was 26 years old which brought her and her mother closer. The actress explained: "Losing somebody that incredible and that close to you, it does make you stronger. "Because I feel like you’ve been through one of the worst things you can go through," the soap star continued. Although her father is now absent from her life physically, Fiona believes her husband would make a perfect father to their children. The actress added: "I think Simon would be an amazing father - he’s amazing with children. He used to be a manny [male nanny]. "So I would love...I think it would be cute to have a little mini us. And I really pray for that," she declared. Taking to Facebook when they found out how old the actress was, viewers shared their shock at how young the Emmerdale star looked. Sharing pictures of her getaway on the social media platform, Fiona was inundated with messages as one fan wrote: "You look far younger! Enjoy your special day." Another added: "Happy Birthday to Fiona. I read about her a while ago, they said she was 42, a typing error I thought…surely, they meant 32?!" Fiona will be featuring heavily in this week's episodes as her character is tied into two different storylines. These include helping David Metcalfe (Matthew Wolfenden) with his money troubles and being quizzed by Liam Cavanagh (Jonny McPherson) about his wife, Leyla Harding (Roxy Shahidi). Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.