Tonight’s Euromillions draw gives people across Europe the chance to take home a staggering £191million - its biggest lottery prize ever - if they secure the jackpot, as well as additional opportunities to win smaller sums from the pot. The draw takes place every Tuesday and Friday and results are announced at approximately 8.45pm. EuroMillions is played between nine European countries, including the UK, Ireland, Spain, France, Austria, Belgium, Luxembourg, Portugal and Switzerland. Hundreds have been lucky winners of the EuroMillions jackpot since its first draw in February 2004, with players landing prizes between €10 million and €220 million. The last jackpot to be won fell into the hands of Gloucester couple Joe and Jess Thwaite, who became the country’s biggest ever National Lottery winners of £184 million in May 2022. The draw closes at 7.30pm, so to be in with a chance of winning, you need to buy your ticket before then. READ MORE: Man kicks seagull for knocking ice cream out of child's hand  Tonight's National Lottery EuroMillions winning numbers are: 38, 17, 29, 09, 39. The Lucky Stars are: 10, 07. Tonight’s National Lottery Thunderball winning numbers are: 01, 08, 27, 31, 34. The Thunderball is 03.   To play EuroMillions, you must choose five main numbers from 1-50 and two lucky stars from 1-12. Next, decide how many lines you want to buy - the rate is currently £2.50 per line. The more lines you buy, the higher your chances of winning. Tonight (July 15) will see a colossal jackpot of £191m. In order to win the jackpot, one of your lines must match all five numbers and both lucky stars. However, it won’t be the end if your luck stops short of the jackpot. There’s ample opportunity to win smaller prizes. There are 13 ways to win in the main draw, with larger prizes awarded for successfully matching more numbers. The overall odds of receiving any prize are 1 in 13. DON'T MISS: Only a quarter of Brits enjoy the hot weather - four in ten moan [ANALYSIS]The cost of keeping a fan running as temperatures hit all-time high [EXPLAINED]How hot will it be this weekend? Heat blast to return - deadly warning [INSIGHT]    If you match fewer numbers, you can still take home pretty large sums. You'll be entered into the Millionaire Maker draw with every ticket, which will turn the lucky ticket holder into a millionaire if their raffle code is picked. You can buy tickets online or in an authorised store - there will be a sign outside promoting the lottery. With millions taking part across nine European countries, odds of winning are naturally quite slim. However, there are certain ways you can boost your chances. You could join a syndicate, which means to join a group of players purchasing tickets. If one person wins, the group splits the money.  Having a share of multiple lines as opposed to just one singular will improve your chances of winning. Another option, suggested by EuroMillions, is to play with random numbers greater than 31. Most players use significant dates to select numbers, which limits their choice to 31 and under. The odds of a random set of numbers being drawn are the same as the odds of a familiar pattern being drawn, but the prize amounts are partly determined by how many players win. So by choosing a mix of small and large numbers, you’re more likely to choose numbers that haven’t been picked as much by others. 