Plants come in thousands of varieties, and it can be tempting to touch and smell them. However, according to an expert there are several “common” but “dangerous” plants around which gardeners should be aware of. Jay Riggs, Health and Wellness expert from Zeal CBD, has shared some “common” but “dangerous” summer plants gardeners need to be aware of. These can not only be poisonous to humans, but also to pets. The expert said: “Delphiniums are very poisonous to both humans and animals but will not poison you unless you consume it. “Although be warned, you should not touch this plant and then rub your eye after. READ MORE: Where the Royal Family spend the summer in Scotland - the 4 residences “This plant is currently viewable at the Confetti Fields if you so wish to see these beautiful flowers and want to look past their highly toxic nature.” According to the expert, rhubarb leaves can also be harmful. Jay said eating too much of them can cause kidneys to shut down. He continued: “Wisteria too. This plant rarely causes harm to humans, but the seed pods are toxic to dogs, cats and horses. DON'T MISS:Rod Stewart's private life with wife Penny in Essex countryside [COMMENT]Homes Under the Hammer buyers boost flat by £153k - pictures [VIDEO]Heatwave: How to prevent house and garden fires [WARNING] “Be careful if your pet explores the garden or neighbouring fields alone.” Hydrangeas, which are in flower from spring until autumn, contain cyanide. However, the expert said people need to eat a lot for this plant to be fatal. Oleander is one plant Britons should be extremely careful of this summer. READ MORE: Pests: ‘Simple steps’ to ‘deter’ wasps away from your home Jay said: “This is one of the most toxic plants to humans and pets. “Just touching the plant and tree sap with your bare hands or inhaling smoke of burning oleander can induce toxic effects. “Foxgloves too. While you may not experience a reaction on your hands straight away, you can easily transfer the toxins to your eyes, mouth or open wound. “This is why you should always wear gloves when handling foxgloves.” The expert warned people to “be aware” this summer. Jay added: “While it’s important that we get out and enjoy the outdoors this summer, you need to make sure that you are aware of the plants around you. “They may be pretty to look at, but some can be incredibly deadly. “If you are planning on going out for a walk during the summer, then make sure to do the following.” This includes not touching flowers you are not familiar with, no matter how pretty they look. If it is cool enough to take pets for walks, Jay recommended making sure they do not each or touch any plants. The expert added: “If you are walking with young children make sure to keep them close and don’t let them touch or ingest flowers out of curiosity. “If you know you’ll be in close proximity to a poisonous plant, it might be worth wearing long-sleeved tops and trousers to avoid any unnecessary brushing against the plants. “Always wash your clothes once you are home to prevent contamination.”