Cristiano Ronaldo wants out of Manchester United and while the Red Devils would no doubt still prefer to keep him despite that fact, the talk around his future is a saga that threatens to undermine the beginning of Erik ten Hag's new era. However, though he may be one of the greatest players of all time, it will not be easy for Ronaldo to find a new club. TRANSFER NEWS: De Jong rejects United, Chelsea deal agreed The 37-year-old knows his retirement is nearing despite his incredible fitness levels and he wants another shot of winning the Champions League. He's the highest goalscorer in the competition's history and wants to join Real Madrid icon Paco Gento on six titles. United aren't in the European Cup in the 2022-23 campaign and do not look like winning it any time soon. Chelsea, Bayern Munich and Napoli have all shown interest in the Portugal captain although the German champions are, at least in public, distancing themselves from a move. There are few other suitors with a move to Barcelona unlikely, Real Madrid unwilling to sanction a return and Paris Saint-Germain's quota of superstars very much filled. But United have a problem. Ronaldo earned £40million last year and stands to earn £30m this coming season at United due to the Red Devils finishing outside of the top four last term. That has meant an automatic 25 per cent wage cut for the entire first-team squad. DON'T MISS: Man Utd have three winners after Frenkie de Jong ‘rejects transfer' Last season the veteran centre-forward was considerably the highest-paid Premier League footballer and only PSG trio Kylian Mbappe, Lionel Messi and Neymar earned more worldwide. And £30m, which is £360,000 per week down from £500,000 a week, is still a salary very few clubs in the world can match. Certainly Napoli cannot, with their best-paid player thought to be Kaliou Koulibaly on around £180,000 a week which totals near £9.5m per year. Chelsea might be able to pay that kind of money but it looks as though United's owners the Glazers understandably do not want to let a club legend like Ronaldo join their direct rivals despite his eagerness to depart. While the benefits of Ronaldo's Old Trafford return remain disputed, his goals may help Chelsea further stretch the gap that exists between the two clubs at the moment. United also want to recoup the £12.7m (€15m) they paid Juventus to re-sign Ronaldo a year ago. That means any club wanting to sign Ronaldo, given he would surely command at least at least a two-year contract, face an outlay of £72m. That's a minimum outlay too - it might be more. A £72m figure is presuming the Portuguese wants £360,000 a week after his enforced 25 per cent pay cut. He may want closer to the £500,000 he earned last year. MORE PREMIER LEAGUE NEWS...Robert Lewandowski 'ready to join Chelsea' if Barcelona move collapsesAjax 'respond' to improved £43m Man Utd transfer offer for MartinezArsenal 'expected to submit £5.9m Alex Grimaldo transfer bid' And so it is unclear how all parties move on from here. United surely do not want an unhappy want-away player to stay despite his goals and his status among the fanbase. There would be plenty of distraction at the start of Ten Hag's reign should Ronaldo remain in Manchester, and it would overshadow the Dutchman's first season in which he hopes to make steady progress with the team as he implements his philosophies. It may then fall upon the Glazers to pay some of the player's wages at Ronaldo's new club - or pay him a one-off fee to move him on and justify the wage cut. That is not something United are new to given the size of contracts they have regularly handed out over the past decade. They had to pay Alexis Sanchez off to join Inter Milan for example. That may be the most amicable way to offloading Ronaldo while avoiding him joining a rival like Chelsea. United would much rather see their No 7 head to Bayern or Napoli instead if he is to leave. Time will only tell if he can engineer a second career exit out of Old Trafford, and where his next club is if he does. But it is likely to take sacrifices from both sides if Ronaldo is to get his way. And the Glazers, to avoid an unwanted transfer circus clouding over Ten Hag's maiden season at the club, might have to give in and put their money in their pocket to accept Ronaldo's return has not worked out nearly as well as they thought it might.