Express Royal Correspondent Richard Palmer believes Prince Harry's decision to talk about climate change during his UN address saw the Duke raise an issue on which the Sussexes are "pretty vulnerable." Pointing to Harry and Meghan's track record of flying in private jets, Mr Palmer spoke on the latest episode of The Royal Round Up about how the Duke's "doom-laden" speech laid bare one of the couple's public image weak spots.  Mr Palmer told The Royal Round Up host Pandora Forsyth: "Well it was quite a cataclysmic speech, it was just doom-laden wasn't it. "He talked about the pandemic, he talked about climate change. "Of course, climate change - him and Meghan are pretty vulnerable on that. "To a point, all politicians, all members of the Royal Family are vulnerable on it because they do quite a lot of travelling for their jobs." READ MORE: 'Incandescent' Prince Harry's 'violent outburst' at party with Meghan 'puzzled' friends    "Where I think he was particularly vulnerable is their penchant for travelling on private jets," continued the royal expert. "So they came over for the Jubilee in an executive jet, which we think would cost roughly estimated at around £160,000. "And those private jets rack up a much bigger carbon footprint than if you were travelling on a passenger jet. "My understanding is this time they did actually travel, he and Meghan did actually travel on a regular passenger service." Mr Palmer added: "But there have been occasions in the past where they have lectured people." Harry spoke openly about coming to terms with the death of his later mother Princess Diana and his marriage to Meghan Markle during his speech to the UN. Speaking at a gathering of world leaders to mark the legacy of the anti-apartheid leader, the Duke spoke moving about the important influence Africa has had during important moments in his life. Prince Harry told the United Nations: "We can do what Mandela did every single day inside that seven by nine-foot prison cell on Robben Island, and every day outside of it too.  "We can find meaning and purpose in the struggle, we can wear our principles as armour and heed the advice Mandela once gave his Son to never give up the battle even in the darkest hour and find hope, where we have the courage to seek it.