The first instalment of the Government’s cost of living package will be paid to around eight million vulnerable people who are on a low income. From July 14 people on Universal Credit and other benefits will receive the first instalment of their energy bills payment which should work out at £326.  Almost one in four families across England, Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland will get £326 sent directly to them from today. The money should be paid directly into people’s bank accounts if they depend on Universal Credit, Income-based Jobseeker’s Allowance, Income-related Employment and Support Allowance, Income Support, Pension Credit and Tax Credits. The second payment of £324 will be made in the Autumn just before the colder weather sets in. All households will also receive another £400 - no matter what their benefit status - which will be discounted from their energy bills from October. READ MORE: NHS prescriptions:15 groups of people qualify for free prescriptions Cost of living payments: How much will I get?  DON'T MISSMassive changes coming to PIP payments - will you be affected? [ALERT]'Game over!’ Woman, 42, watches as hackers steal £10,000 in attack [WARNING]NHS nurse, 58, horrified after cruel scam lost her £45,000 [ALERT]NS&I Premium Bonds: Can you increase your chance of winning top prize? [INSIGHT]     Meanwhile, additional financial support is available to people on Universal Credit and other DWP benefits on top of cost of living payments. This includes free prescription, extra help towards energy bills and help with housing costs and council tax bills. People on a low income can also benefit from free Government money by opening a Help to Save account. The account is open for four years, with a bonus payment of up to 50 percent on savings after two and four years. READ MORE: Council tax refund: £150 rebate not automatic in these areas If someone saves the maximum amount of £50 every month, they could end up with £1,200 in free cash from the DWP. People can check eligibility and open an account online on Gov.uk. They will need to sign in to their Government Gateway account. Alternatively, people can call HMRC on 0300 322 7093. Universal Credit claimants could benefit from: