It is known the Royal Family have a luxurious watch collection and some of the most valuable pieces have been passed down for generations. It is believed Meghan Markle has two favourite designs: one which belonged to Princess Diana and another one she bought herself. Meghan Markle's favourite watches are believed to be her Cartier Tank and her Cartier Tank Française. The Duchess of Sussex always chooses these designs for public appearances complementing her elegant looks. However, Meghan is also seen in more casual outfits away from the red carpet also donning the watches. Meghan reportedly bought her first Cartier Tank as a gift to herself. READ MORE: Boris Johnson net worth as he resigns as Prime Minister  The watch is said to be engraved with a special message on the back. The inscription reads: "To MM, from MM." The Duchess of Sussex bought herself the expensive watch while starring in the TV show Suits. Meghan explained at the time: "I’ve always coveted the Cartier French Tank watch.  "When I found out Suits had been picked up for our third season - which at the time felt like such a milestone - I totally splurged and bought the two-tone version," she told HELLO! Magazine. The design currently retails for £2,750. Meghan's Cartier Tank Française, on the other hand, previously belonged to Princess Diana. The priceless watch was passed down to her when she started dating Prince Harry. READ MORE: Dieters should be drinking tea in hot weather to slim It is believed Prince Harry gave Meghan his mum's Cartier Tank Française in the early stages of their relationship. Princess Diana was first seen wearing the square-faced watch just a few weeks after William was born in 1983. She also used to choose the piece for both formal and casual engagements. After Princess Diana's death, the watch was owned by Prince William for a few years but when he was planning to propose to Kate Middleton, he asked Harry if he would be willing to trade the sapphire engagement ring for the watch. Diana's former butler Paul Burrell explained: “Harry gave up his precious treasure. “His one thing he kept from his mother, he gave to his brother. That’s selfless, kind, and exactly who Diana was.” The Duchess of Sussex was last seen wearing the design last week during the traditional July 4 parade in Wyoming, in the US, with Prince Harry and their children: Archie and Lili. The couple made a surprise appearance at the Jackson Hole Mountain Resort.