The Los Pueblos Más Bonitas de España campaign finds the prettiest villages in Spain. The stunning spots have to be beautiful and authentic to qualify. One of the most stunning villages in Spain is located in the Canary Islands on the gorgeous island of Fuerteventura. Betancuria was the first city founded in the Canary Islands and owes its name to the French conqueror Jean de Bethencourt. The stunning town is characterised by lime walls and wooden balconies with many hidden corners for tourists to discover. Betancuria is also home to the first cathedral in the Canary Islands, a site of immense architectural interest. READ MORE: easyJet strikes: Full list of dates and affected airports One visitor wrote on Tripadvisor: “Lovely old Canarian village. The drive through the mountains was spectacular on good roads, there were some fantastic views.” Another said: “Fantastic drive up through the mountains with amazing spectacular views along the way to this beautiful village. Well worth a visit!” The village’s prime location offers tourists many incredible views of the surrounding volcanic landscape. A visitor to the Mirador de las Penitas viewpoint wrote: “Amazing views, well worth stopping here. “It was also great seeing so many ravens close up, bouncing around near the viewing area. “They are huge birds, quite uncommon in the UK but there are loads of them here to see.” Visitors to Betancuria should take a stop at the town’s incredible old Church which is the centre of the village. One visitor said on Tripadvisor they were “captivated” as soon as they entered the Iglesia Catedral de Santa Maria de Betancuria. READ MORE: Europe tourism row: Taxes, cruise ship bans and tough rules A visit to Betancuria isn’t complete without sampling some of the delicious local delicacies on offer. The village has many typical Canarian restaurants which celebrate dishes such as rabbit stews. Tourists should also sample papas arrugadas, or wrinkled potatoes, an extremely popular side dish. When it comes to dessert, a slice of Majojero cake is a great option. Although it’s similar to a traditional sponge cake, majojero is made with chickpea flour. Britons can find direct flights to Fuerteventura from most major UK airports including London and Manchester. There are budget options on offer and the Canaries was recently named one of Spain’s cheapest destinations. The islands also enjoy warm temperatures during the winter months so tourists can opt to travel later in the year for a bargain. Betancuria is only a short drive from popular beach resorts and can easily be combined with a beach holiday.