Vladimir Putin's troops have made slow and costly progress in their quest to "liberate" the Donbas. The Ukrainians have made the Russians fight for every inch of ground and have inflicted heavy losses on the invading hordes from the East. Some estimates suggest Putin's army could have lost more than 35,000 personnel since hostilities broke out on February 24. Despite securing control of Luhansk province, the Russians are now facing a sustained counterattack by Ukraine's army in the south. Kyiv has launched counteroffensives in both the Zaporizhzha and Kherson provinces, forcing the Kremlin's exhausted army onto the defensive. In a recent attempt to stem the counterattack in Zaporizhzha province, Russian artillery units attempted to take out Ukrainian positions with their multiple launch rocket systems (MLRS). However, the hapless Russians succeeded only in hitting and destroying their own troops and supplies. Officials from the province's administration reported that Russian forces wiped out one of their own ammunition dumps, as well as killing one soldier and injuring two. Breaking the news, Viktor Kovalenko, a former Ukrainian military officer, tweeted: "Russian MLRS in the occupied Zaporizhzha province opened friendly fire and destroyed their own field ammunition depot in Neskuchne village, killing 1 and wounding 2 Russian soldiers. Source: the province administration." The disastrous own goal was met by derision from social media users, who were quick to leave their thoughts on the calamitous incident. B.F Randall wrote: "Thereby helping to de-nazify and de-militarise Ukraine--Heroes of the Russian Empire!" While Mika Perälä noted: "Much friendlier than targeting shopping centres." Georg Steinort added: "Well done, keep up the good work!" This is not the first time that Putin's army has managed to kill its own soldiers. READ MORE: Elena Rybakina shuts down fears of Russia politicising Wimbledon title Earlier in the war, soldiers from Russia's Buryatia Republic turned their guns on Chechen soldiers. They were reportedly furious at the Chechens' attempts to steal their booty and threats to shoot them if they retreated from the battlefield. As Ukraine's southern counteroffensive gathers pace, Kyiv warned residents in the affected areas to evacuate. Iryna Vereshchuk, a deputy prime minister, advised Ukrainians in the occupied territories to leave by "all means possible". She said: "You must look for a way to leave because our armed forces will de-occupy. DON'T MISS Ukraine: Putin detains official over call to end 'children dying' [NEWS]'Putin will use all leverage' MP warns crisis coming in months [SPOTLIGHT]Biden handed humiliating blow as Johnson leading in Ukraine help [REVEAL] "There will be a huge battle. I don’t want to scare anyone, everyone understands everything anyway." Meanwhile, the deputy chairman of the Kherson regional council told Ukraine’s United News on Saturday that people must evacuate despite the difficulties in doing so. Yuriy Sobolevskyi warned those unable to flee that they must be prepared for heavy fighting. He said: "Those who can’t [leave] in any way should prepare for the fact that they will need shelter again. "It is necessary to have a supply of water, a certain amount of food in order to survive the onslaught of our troops."