Every day the This Morning hosts call a lucky viewer who could win up to £3,000 playing Spin to Win. Emotions often run high as viewers share their reasons for entering the competition and Thursday morning was no different. Caller Chris explained she was emotional as the £3,000 cash prize meant she could support her daughters. After winning the £3,000 jackpot, Chris broke down in tears and Phillip asked why she was so emotional. Holly asked: “Have you got something in mind to spend the money on?” Chris could be heard crying as she explained: “I’m so sorry. Just to pay my bills and help my girls.” “Oh I think she’s really overwhelmed,” Holly remarked. “Well listen, I’m so happy you picked up the phone today and it was you.” READ MORE: Alastair Campbell ENDS interview with Piers Morgan Phillip asked: “Tell us about you and how things are going at the moment and why you’ve got so emotional here.” “I have a disability, all of my appointments have been cancelled and I’m due to go in today to have injections done and I worry about the finances,” Chris explained. “The girls have to do a lot of running around for me and I feel guilty I have to do this. “This lets me say thank you to them so thank you so so much.” Phillip replied: “Oh my goodness,” as Holly added: “You couldn’t have been a better person to pick up today.” “Do you know what we’re going to do?” Phillip asked: “We’re going to double it!” “Oh my goodness, thank you so much,” Chris cried down the phone. “You’ve got £6000,” Holly and Phillip exclaimed leading to the caller bursting into tears again. DON'T MISS...Penny Mordaunt ‘refreshing’ replacement for Boris Johnson [LATEST]Theresa May set to RETURN to No 10 'Better qualified than anyone' [UPDATE]Kate Garraway’s trousers ‘split wide open’ as GMB host panics [VIDEO] This Morning viewers were thrilled with Holly and Phillip’s heartwarming gesture and took to Twitter to comment. “That was so emotional. Even £300 would make a huge difference to many,” user LMW posted. Angie Loves Flowers tweeted: “Omg I'm crying! What a truly lovely woman and a wonderful, kind gesture Phil and Holly. “I’m sure you both shed a little tear too! You've all made my morning, touched my heart. Sending love.” Claire Dono added: “@Schofe @hollywills Omg you put tears in my eyes, what a lovely thing to do. “In this horrible world at the moment yous and thismorning has made a family so happy , that's just made my day xxx.” (sic) Justine tweeted: “It was a lovely moment, both happy and sad. You keep on making us smile @hollywills @Schofe.” This Morning airs weekdays on ITV from 10am.