The bolt hit at 11am local time on Wednesday with ten soldiers confirmed to have been struck and one killed, although the extent of their injuries remains unknown. A member of the Fort Gordon community, William Scott, posted on Facebook that the strike had been fatal and killed several soldiers, but this has yet to be officially confirmed.  Army reporter Steve Beynon posted on Twitter: "One soldier is dead and nine are injured after a lightning strike incident during a training event at Ft. Gordon." Base spokesperson Anne Bowman told ABC News: "It is with a heavy heart Fort Gordon confirms one of the soldiers injured in the lightning strike this afternoon succumbed to their injuries. "No name will be released until the next of kin have been notified." According to Ms Bowman the incident took place at 11:10am at Training Area 26 during bad weather and the soldiers "sustained injuries associated with a lightning strike at one of their training areas".   She continued: "We know there were injuries, but we don't know the extent of those injuries." She added that the injured were taken to the Dwight David Eisenhower Medical Center for treatment. Emergency services rushed to the base, which has about 16,000 service members, including active duty soldiers and members of the National Guard and Reserves. Member of the community, Mr Scott, wrote in his post: "I ask everyone to please take this time to pray for the families and Soldiers at Fort Gordon today. READ MORE: Brexit LIVE: Truss bill passes Commons, UK nears 'taking back control' "Several Soldiers were electrocuted while in training this morning. "It’s definitely a traumatic event that has taken hold on the entire community’s emotions, confidence in the Leadership’s mission and trust in the Army’s cohesion to the Soldiers’ left and right. "The entire Army community here at Fort Gordon has been touched and moved by this event. "I pray that everyone is able to find peace and healing throughout the closure of this traumatic event." DON'T MISS:Argentina warns it will 'never renounce' Falklands claim [SPOTLIGHT]Putin’s plan takes hit after Kyiv cuts off supply bridge [ANALYSIS]Omicron: The sign of the latest strain affecting 35% of cases [INSIGHT]  Fort Gordon was set up as a US Army installation in 1941 and serves as the home of the US Army Signal Corps, US Army Cyber Command and the Cyber Center of Excellence. Back in the summer of 1982 another lightning strike hit the base similarly to Wednesday. That strike occurred during a weeklong training session in the base's fields and seven soldiers had to be rushed to hospital. 