A simple trick with foil can keep your lettuce fresh, saving you cash, according to a content creature. Armen Adamjan is the man behind Creative Explained. He creates "how-to" videos with hacks, tips and tricks on his social media accounts. Armen is somewhat of a plant expert, as well as a recycling guru. He inspires followers to get into plants and gardening, live more sustainably and waste less food. He detailed how to keep lettuce fresh in a TikTok video. He said: "Did you know, if you grab lettuce, wrap it up in some foil like this, and then stick it in the fridge it will stay crispy and fresh for up to 30 days? Don't believe me? Try it." He added: "Also: save money doing this." Fans were wowed by the hack. One wrote: "I swear you’re changing my life one TikTok at a time!!" READ MORE: 'Avoid fridge or cupboard!' Keep potatoes edible for months with clever storage hack Another said: "OMG!!! I so needed to know this. Thank you! I was wrapping it in paper towels." "I AN SHOOK!!!" another said, "The money you just saved me." There are a number of tips and tricks homeowners swear by to keep lettuce fresh. DON'T MISS‘No mould!’ Keep bread fresh for 3 weeks with simple hack [KITCHEN] Where to store tomatoes to keep them fresh for longer [INSIGHT] How to 'treat' your cheese to 'improve the flavour' [HACK] Hailing from Armenia, Armen now lives in the US after having been raised in Denmark. He set up his TikTok account during the pandemic, his first 15 second video amassing 100,000 in a day. Soon he was urged by fans to create his first book, Don't Throw It Out! Now he has created his second publication, Don't Throw it Out! #2, full of DIY hacks and recipes. Another home hacker detailed how to keep other produce "fresh for weeks" in your fridge. Chantel Mila shared her ways to keep carrots, celery, berries, and greens fresh. To keep barries fresh Chantel Mila recommended soaking them in water and vinegar before stories. Soak your berries one quarter cup of vinegar and three quarter cups of water for 10 minutes.