Arsenal summer signing Fabio Vieira arrived at the club after sustaining a fracture to his foot on international duty. However, he is hopeful of a full return to training soon. Vieira joined Arsenal from Porto last month for a fee that could rise to £34million. Gunners supporters were looking forward to seeing the midfielder in action on their pre-season tour to the USA. However, he was sidelined by the foot injury he suffered while with the Portugal under-21 side in early June. The Athletic says he is in light training and should be back with the full squad soon. READ MORE: Arsenal have five players they could offer PSV in Cody Gakpo swap  Meanwhile, there is mixed news over the fitness of Takehiro Tomiyasu and Kieran Tierney. Both players also did not feature during the tour of the USA due to respective injuries. The Athletic says Mikel Arteta is confident Tomiyasu will be back in full training next week. Speaking after the 4-0 win over Chelsea, Arteta said: "Yeah, Tomi is really close to start doing some training sessions. "Hopefully next week and Fabio probably a little bit longer. I think he needs another week or so before he starts with the team but he's been working hard and he's been really unlucky to start his Arsenal career in this way but again he's fitting in well." However, Tierney's situation looks less clear. The Scotland star missed the end of last season after undergoing knee surgery. He played the first 30 minutes of the friendly against FC Nurnberg in Germany earlier this month but has not been seen since. Tierney has been hampered by injury problems throughout his time at the Emirates. DON'T MISSArsenal star Saliba's agent 'meets Marseille president' in worrying developmentKlopp may have quit Liverpool by now had Arteta's Arsenal request been acceptedTottenham could still make two more signings despite giving Man Utd free run But the arrival of Oleksandr Zinchenko will soften the blow of his absence. Zinchenko completed his move from Manchester City last Friday. He played the first half against Chelsea on Sunday and now looks likely to play on the opening day of the Premier League season at Crystal Palace. Arteta knows the Ukraine star well from his time as assistant at City and he explained why he has brought him to the club. Arteta said: "He's got the background, he's got experience of doing that, but as well, he wants a big role. "He's in the stage of his career now that he's looking for another challenge and we could offer him as a club that challenge, and I could offer him as a coach, that role in the team." 