Chelsea's plans to sign Juventus defender Matthijs de Ligt could be complicated by his former manager Erik ten Hag and Manchester United. Thomas Tuchel has identified the 22-year-old as a priority centre-back target this summer ahead of his second full season as Chelsea head coach. Tuchel will be desperate to bolster his centre-back options after Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen left the Blues for Real Madrid and Barcelona on free transfers. But with a month of the transfer window gone, new owner Todd Boehly is yet to complete a single signing. However, Boehly plans to back Tuchel with as many as six new additions in his first transfer window since buying Chelsea from Roman Abramovich. And according to Foot Mercato, the Premier League giants are planning to submit an official offer worth around £60.3million (€70m) in the coming days. The report claims Chelsea have held positive negotiations with De Ligt's camp over a long-term contract, and there is confidence they can strike a deal. However, United are 'attentive' to the situation, suggesting Ten Hag is keen to reunite with his former defender at Old Trafford. JUST IN: Chelsea 'eyed cheap Salah transfer' before new Liverpool deal It remains to be seen whether Juventus will accept the Blues' £60.3m offer; they initially wanted any interested club to trigger his £107.7m (€125m) release clause. The Old Lady paid £73.7m (€85.5m) to sign De Ligt from Ajax in 2019 and would surely want to recoup that fee. Chelsea likely won't fear competition from their Premier League rivals. United's chances of splashing that cash are low, with most of the budget going towards another reunion with Frenkie de Jong. And regardless of Ten Hag's presence in M16, the Red Devils' Champions League absence is bound to make Stamford Bridge a more attractive proposition. READ MORE: Man Utd ‘set price tag’ for Ronaldo exit as Chelsea and Bayern circle De Ligt hasn't exactly talked down a potential switch, either. He has publicly suggested he would be open to leaving Juventus if he can't agree to a new, improved contract before his current deal expires. And the Premier League looks to be a realistic destination if he decides to join Chiellini in exiting Turin this summer. At the beginning of June, he said: "Finishing fourth in a row for two consecutive years is not enough. Juventus know that too. So, being Juventus, we have to take steps. I'm a Juventus player, so I'm focused on that. There are ongoing discussions between Juventus and me. Once the right moment arrives, I will decide to extend or look further."