Angel Adoree and Dick Strawbridge have been transforming their 19th Century French chateau for the past seven years. They have been able to keep fans up to date through their Channel 4 series Escape to the Chateau as well as their other series Make, Do and Mend. Angel and her former military husband may have become household names but that's not actually her real name. Angel Adoree was born on April 7, 1978, in East London, South Africa, to parents Stephen and Jennifer Newman. She has one brother, Paul Newman, who has managed to keep out of the spotlight with no known social media presence. They remained in South Africa until Angel's mum and dad decided to move the family to Canvey Island to open a jewellery shop. Her brother Paul remains in Canvey Island where he runs the family business which reopened its doors in 2017, with Angel celebrating by his side. READ MORE: ‘Floundering’ Harry’s US ambitions savaged by Sharon Osbourne The Escape to the Chateau star wasn't born Angel Adoree, as her real name is Angela Newman. She gave herself the memorable nickname and has since used it in her everyday life and work. It is not known if Angela is a family name, given to the Channel 4 personality in honour of someone close to them. So legally, unless she decided to change it by deed poll, Angel's name is Angela Strawbridge, having married Dick Strawbridge in 2015. Angel met her future husband Dick at a party in 2010, as they have the same talent agent. Speaking to the Belfast Telegraph about his first impression, Dick said: “She’s gorgeous, and her smile is phenomenal so as you can imagine, I was completely bowled over. “We didn’t get much of a chance to talk that evening but we both knew there was something special between us.” The couple went on to date for a few years before having children Arthur, nine, and Dorothy, eight, and tying the knot in 2015. DON'T MISS...Carol Kirkwood on why she refused to take over her parents' hotel  [EXPLAINER]Escape to the Chateau’s Dick Strawbridge opens up on change to filming [FILMING]Escape to the Chateau stars mark kids’ milestone with family pic [CAST] As well as all of her work on Escape to the Chateau, Angel is also the founder of her own hospitality business The Vintage Patisserie. The company, now based at their home in Pays de la Loire, France, concentrates on catering to "fairytale weddings and unique celebrations". Fans may recall she went on BBC's Dragons' Den to secure an investment to expand The Vintage Patisserie. While she did win the backing of Deborah Meaden and Theo Paphitis, the partnership didn't go ahead after the show, although Angel and Deborah remain friends. Escape to the Chateau hasn't been seen since the end of last year and viewers are eager for more. Thankfully, it's good news as it has been confirmed the Channel 4 series will return for season nine. While they couldn't confirm an exact return date, the couple have confirmed they are going to be back later this year. Escape to the Chateau is available to watch on All4.