She said not only would it benefit the education of senior school pupils, but it would improve their mental health as well. Speaking at the RHS Hampton Court Garden Festival, she said: "I used to teach at a big London boys school in Shepherd's Bush - called The Christopher Wren - and it was on the curriculum then, but that was 40-odd years ago. "So many junior schools are now so aware of how important it is, and they always tend to lead the way in education. "But who knows what will happen given the amount of cuts." Carol, 77, said people are just beginning to understand the positive connection between mental health and gardening - and that it gets children off their screens. "I do think people are catching up with the idea. It's been reflected in the show gardens at Chelsea and Hampton Court." And it has a calming effect on her, she said. "It always does, and that's why I think it's so important for kids. I have written before that the Government really should put gardening on the curriculum for that reason. It also helps people learn about different subjects, too. "So much of kids' reality is through a screen, as well as walking on concrete and tarmac all the time. You should see the delight on kids' faces when they plant a seed and it actually comes up." Klein has been a familiar face on our screens talking about gardens for 25 years. Her Channel 5 series is back next Friday. "I was asked by Channel 5 to do this show after I'd done Great British Gardens for them. One of the great things about this one is that it's my garden - I do it from home in North Devon. It's just what I'm doing. None of it is made up! I always have too much to fill the hour."  "So many junior schools are now so aware of how important it is, and they always tend to lead the way in education. "But who knows what will happen given the amount of cuts." Carol, 77, said people are just beginning to understand the positive connection between mental health and gardening - and that it gets children off their screens. "I do think people are catching up with the idea. It's been reflected in the show gardens at Chelsea and Hampton Court." And it has a calming effect on her, she said. "It always does, and that's why I think it's so important for kids. I have written before that the Government really should put gardening on the curriculum for that reason. It also helps people learn about different subjects, too. "So much of kids' reality is through a screen, as well as walking on concrete and tarmac all the time. You should see the delight on kids' faces when they plant a seed and it actually comes up." Klein has been a familiar face on our screens talking about gardens for 25 years. Her Channel 5 series is back next Friday. "I was asked by Channel 5 to do this show after I'd done Great British Gardens for them. One of the great things about this one is that it's my garden - I do it from home in North Devon. It's just what I'm doing. None of it is made up! I always have too much to fill the hour."  Asked if people think gardens are faked on TV, she replied: "I don't know what people think because I'm on the other side of the show if you like. "Of course, when you're filming, you're not gardening if you know what I mean. "But what I would say is that they're filming exactly what I've been doing in the garden, whatever it is. "For me, I'm just the one who gabbles away and does it. What I'm doing is not aspirational - it's accessible to everyone and everyone can do it." She laughs when asked if her career has taken off. "No," she replies. "I was 77 the week before last. So I've waited a long time for things. "I've been doing it for 25 years. The first project I did was Bloom for Channel 4, but they didn't choose me for it in the end. "I'd never done it before, so my husband and I walked around with a shoebox pretending it was a camera. I finally did something called Garden Party, then Real Gardens, and I went on from there." Carol Klein's Summer Gardening, Channel 5, Friday, 7pm 