The video clip shows two boys crouched down, making tearing movements. The mutilated bodies of three ducks were later discovered with their heads lying next to them by local mother Vickie Childs. Ms Childs, who was on a walk with her eight-year-old daughter Scarlett in Malvern, Worcester on Saturday, described the attack as "disgusting and sick behaviour". The 42-year-old said: "My daughter was horrified, she laid down in the middle of the park and cried her eyes out. "It's not appropriate for a child to see duck remains, she just burst into tears when she found it. "It's disgusting and sick behaviour, they have pulled the beaks, legs and feathers of the duck apart. "It's psychopaths in the making I think, and I can feel people's frustration towards the situation." Ms Childs sent the video to the police, along with a picture of the ducks. She said: "The photo is disturbing, to display the ducks in the only footbridge in a children's area. I don't know why you would do that. "There are some angry and disgusted people at the moment." The mother added: "Not in a million years would I thought I'd ever see that. "My daughter was so upset, she's slept in my bed for a few nights." She claimed the police have refused to investigate the incident, explaining: "I passed the material onto the police and expected them to do something but they didn’t. "The police said the video didn't show them killing the ducks, just pulling them apart. How is that any different?" Stephanie Mortimore, 27, who lives nearby, said she recently discovered 13 dead toads when she was walking in the park. She said: "Some looked like they were contorted out of shape and some looked like they had been turned inside out. "Since the duck killings, I’m convinced the deaths of the toads were deliberate. "Earlier this month I also found a duck which had had its head removed. "What kind of society allows this happen. These people need some form of therapy, they need to stop. "At this stage it’s quite scary. It's absolutely violent, it’s psychotic. "I've been disturbed that the police are aware of who’s done it but no action has been brought. "It's absolutely disturbing, it’s really disturbing. It's beyond comprehension." A spokesperson for West Mercia Police told SWNS: "We aren't currently investigating. I believe the RSPCA is handling it." An RSPCA spokesperson added: "We issued something a while back - and I understood that police were dealing with it."