Brentford look set for revenge on Manchester United by snatching the signing of Albanian international goalkeeper Thomas Strakosha, who had looked destined to move to Old Trafford. The former Lazio shot-stopper has decided to pursue a new challenge after waving an emotional goodbye to the Stadio Olimpico at the end of last season and several Premier League clubs have shown an interest in his services. Fulham initially looked set to win the race for Strakosha after holding extensive discussions with his representatives. But talks soon collapsed as Chelsea then looked to steal a march on their west London neighbours but the Blues eventually swerved the deal. Over the weekend, reports suggested United were set to land the highly-coveted goalkeeper on a free transfer after 'agreeing personal terms' with Strakosha. Yet in an unexpected turn of events, Brentford now look set to pip United to a shock deal. READ MORE: Erik ten Hag 'overruled Man Utd recruitment team' on separate signing to Lisandro Martinez  The Bees are willing to offer Strakosha the chance to battle David Raya for the No 1 shirt at the Brentford Community Stadium. Raya's long-term future at the club remains in doubt due to ongoing contract negotiations that have failed to reach a positive conclusion. For Brentford, the signing of Strakosha would hand United a taste of their own medicine after they stepped in to steal Christian Eriksen from their clutches. The Dane was offered the chance to become the highest-paid player in Brentford history before he opted to accept United's lucrative proposal. DON'T MISS MORE UNITED GOSSIPErik ten Hag 'overruled Man Utd recruitment team' on separate signing to Lisandro MartinezAjax 'respond' to improved £43m Man Utd transfer offer for Lisandro MartinezBarcelona 'want Man City signing' before selling Man Utd Frenkie de Jong as new price set Eriksen is expected to earn in excess of £150,000 per week at Old Trafford, where he will sign a three-year deal. Even as recently as last week, manager Thomas Frank was still quietly optimistic that Brentford could somehow pull a rabbit out of the hat. His personal relationship with Eriksen remains strong following their sixth-month stint together last season but the playmaker has already privately disclosed that he will be joining United. It's a major body blow for Brentford, who finished the season so impressively (13th place) with the help of Eriksen's quality and experience. There was hope his incredible return to action would have been enough to entice him into signing a long-term contract before United came calling. While signing Strakosha won't fill the void left behind by Eriksen, beating United to his signature will certainly help nullify the feeling of disappointment. Erik ten Hag will have to go back to the drawing board now in his pursuit of a replacement for Dean Henderson. The England international has now joined Nottingham Forest on loan, meaning United need some reliable competition and cover for David de Gea. A deal for Watford's Daniel Bachmann could now be explored again.