Aussie bad boy Nick Kyrgios 'would love' to be kicked out of Wimbledon for breaking the rules, claims Simon Jordan. Kyrgios has been one of the headline attractions of an out-of-the-ordinary Wimbledon 2022 but has thoroughly entertained crowds and viewers at home on his way to the quarter-finals. Kyrgios is in action again at the All England Lawn Tennis Club on Wednesday, facing Chilean Cristian Garin for a place in the final four. He defeated 20-year-old Brandon Nakashima in five sets to progress through the fourth round but made more headlines from his antics before and after the match. Wimbledon demands a strict all-white clothing policy, with even the best players pulled up over the colour of knickers, bra straps and shoe soles in the past. So Kyrgios caught the eye as he entered the sacred Centre Court turf to face Nakashima while donning bright red Nike trainers. After defeating the American in a closely-fought encounter, Kyrgios slipped the trainers back on and showed further disregard by bearing a bright red cap to match for his on-court interview. And on talkSPORT, Jordan explained he believes the 27-year-old would 'love' being thrown out of the tournament for defying rules due to the attention it would bring him. JUST IN: Nick Kyrgios summoned to court after allegedly assaulting ex He said: "If people want to stop Nick Kyrgios, it's not difficult. If they believe that he's transgressing rules, it's upon the tournament; it's not upon anybody else. His behaviour, if it's deemed to be unacceptable and breaches rules, consequence him. If it doesn't, shut up. "If they want to stop Nick Kyrgios... I mean, he will love it. If he gets defaulted out of a tournament, he will love it, irrespective if it's a Grand Slam opportunity to win it. Because as he says, there's only one thing worse than people talking about you; it's probably people not talking about you." Jordan's comments come after Kyrgios said 'I do what I want' and that 'any attention is good' after he was confronted for flouting Wimbledon's strict rule. Kyrgios' behaviour goes beyond defying the dress code at SW19; he has received fines after two of his four Wimbledon matches so far this year. The world No 45 was handed an £8,342 ($10,000) fine after his first-round clash against Paul Jubb for spitting in the direction of fans he claimed were disrespecting him throughout. READ MORE: Wimbledon CEO snaps back at Novak Djokovic after Serbian's complaints He also riled up viewers during his feisty third-round meeting with third-seed Stefanos Tsitsipas with gamesmanship and attempts to turn the live crowd on the Greek star. After that triumph, he was ordered to pay a £3,337 ($4,000) fine for bad language. Kyrgios is set to be reminded of the rules and dress code ahead of his clash with Garin. But the Australian ace is on a mission to go all the way after reaching his first Grand Slam quarter-final since 2015, and he seems to be willing to use every trick in his locker to get people talking while he's doing it.