Liverpool and Newcastle have reportedly been scouting Sheffield United starlet Will Osula but it is Premier League rivals Chelsea who might be the biggest beneficiaries of the 18-year-old’s next move. The Denmark U19 international has impressed the Blades’ coaching staff and could be set for further senior game time next season. Osula made five substitute appearances in the Championship towards the end of last season. Coaches were so impressed with the 18-year-old’s performances that he could be sent on loan to League One next term. Burton Albion are one of the clubs who the striker could be loaned to. Sheffield United were impressed with fellow striker Daniel Jebbison’s development with the Brewers last season and are open to giving Osula to the Midlands outfit for a year. Jebbison scored nine times in 23 appearances for Burton before heading back to Bramall Lane in January. It is hoped that Osula could have a similar impact in the third tier. Transfer news LIVE: Ronaldo's Man Utd demand, Chelsea face £70m fee That is according to the Sheffield Star, who claim that Liverpool and Newcastle have been watching the forward’s performances. However, it could be Chelsea who benefit the most if a loan move to Burton goes through. That is because Burton’s manager is Blues icon Jimmy-Floyd Hasselbaink. If Osula impresses in his loan spell, then Hasselbaink could provide a reference to Chelsea. The Blues have been strengthening their academy ranks this summer, sweeping up the best of English football’s top talents. Chelsea are set to sign England U16s attacking midfielder Tyler Dibling from Southampton in a £1.5m transfer. DON'T MISS...Newcastle 'offered Chelsea, Arsenal and Barcelona stars'Chelsea can pursue cut-price transfer if Leicester block Fofana dealChelsea failure to sign Mukiele may help West Ham land £17m star Dibling went viral last season after scoring a hat-trick of identical goals in a Premier League 2 fixture against Newcastle. The 16-year-old made the bench for the Saint’s first-team clash with Brentford towards the end of the Premier League season. Chelsea have also signed England U18s left-back Zak Sturge from Brighton and the highly-rated winger Omari Hutchinson from Arsenal. The latter is a major loss to the Gunners having made eight appearances on the club’s substitutes bench in the top-flight last season. The West Londoners have had slightly less success in acquiring players for Thomas Tuchel’s first team. Raheem Sterling and Kalidou Koulibaly remain Chelsea’s only senior arrivals this summer. Tuchel publicly called for Blues owner Todd Boehly to get a grip of the club’s transfer business, insisting he needs several more top-quality players ahead of their season opener against Everton on August 6. The German has warned that his players might not be ready for the clash if the squad is not strengthened.