Recent figures from Action Fraud showed pension scam losses have reached a whopping £2million since the beginning of 2021. As people over 55 now have greater access to their pension pots, there are criminals who want to take advantage of this. Express.co.uk spoke with Colin Dyer, financial planning expert at abrdn on how Britons can keep their pension pots safe. The pandemic and the uplift in time spent online played a part in this increase, but it is predicted that the cost of living crisis is only going to worsen the situation. With criminals unfortunately taking advantage of the ongoing disruption and uncertainty, it’s important that retirees are being extra cautious and understand the steps they can take to protect their money. He explained that fraudsters will try different ways to persuade people to part with their pension cash - from promising opportunities that are simply too good to be true, to giving someone false information. The expert warned people to “stay vigilant”. READ MORE: 'Hasn't sunk in' Single mum speechless after boss gives her £4k raise and restores pension He said: “Never make rash decisions when it comes to your pension or investments, but particularly don’t feel pressured in uncertain or worrying times. “Most scammers will take the common approach of using a ‘phishing’ email to target you. These could entice you to open an email with a lure of boosting your pension or doubling the value of savings. “When these links are clicked, it can lead to malware infecting devices and can help the scammers access your personal information. Never open or reply to emails if you don't know who they are from, and it is best practice to never click on links in emails. “More generally, consider seeking independent financial advice before proceeding with any investment or change to your pension, and never send money to anyone you do not know.” Mr Dyer also mentioned deception as a key skill that criminals will use to victimise people. He urged Britons to “watch out for imposters” who are from unauthorised businesses but pretending to be well known brands. He suggested that if someone is any doubt, they should remember to never provide any personal information or details, including passwords or answers to their security questions. People can check the authenticity of anyone they’re dealing with by looking at brands’ official sites, or by giving the official brand a call directly to confirm that those contacting them are who they say they are. He continued: “You should not respond to anyone who calls you attempting to sell you investment opportunities – if this happens, simply hang up the phone. If someone contacts you about your pension and you didn’t ask to be contacted, this is a warning sign and you should stop communicating immediately. "It’s also advisable to take time to research the organisation or business behind any investment comparison site before engaging with it to make sure you’re dealing with a reputable brand. Again, do not share any personal information if you have any doubts at all.” Britons should also stay alert on social media. With the introduction of the pension cold-calling ban, scammers have changed their approaches to how they target their victims and take their money. READ MORE:  'I don’t want to work until I'm 75!' Mum explains how she calculates her retirement fund Mr Dyer said: “As well as email, targeting people via social media has become more common as a result, such as through Facebook or Twitter. Usually these will be cunningly crafted by a scammer to appear to be genuinely sent from a provider. We also see complicated ‘get rich quick’ schemes promoted through social media. “Instagram or Facebook posts titled ‘Do you want to double your money immediately?’ are carefully replicated to look legitimate and are often reinforced with videos of what appear to be celebrity endorsements. “Be wary of such advertisements – they are crafted by fraudsters to lure victims with pictures promoting dream retirement plans where you can afford big holidays and other luxuries. To safeguard yourself against falling victim to these scams, the number one question to ask yourself is ‘is it too good to be true?’” Mr Dyer stressed the importance of “knowing the rules of your pension”.Recently, there have been cases reported where imposters were promising great investment returns for pension savers using high-pressure sales tactics to pressure victims into ‘time limited’ offers. Some of these scammers will agree to help people access their pension before age 55, putting savings into high-risk investment funds or running off with funds.  However, Mr Dyer explained that there are only two main circumstances where someone may be able to access one’s pension savings before the age of 55 – when they’re unable to work due to ill-health or if their life expectancy is less than 12 months. Outside of these exceptions, it is not possible to access one’s pension before age 55 – with the NMPA set to rise to 57 from 2028 – and people who do risk losing their money and are likely to be left facing a massive tax bill too. He concluded: “Remember that if you do fall victim to a fraudulent scheme you can report any incidents or even suspicions to Action Fraud. Alternatively, the National Cyber Security Centre (NCSC) has launched a suspicious email reporting service (report@phishing.gov.uk). Many fraudsters are convincing and look legitimate. If you have any concerns, you can check whether the company is genuine at fca.or.uk/scamsmart. “If you’re contacted out of the blue about an investment or pension savings opportunity, there is a major chance it’s a high-risk investment or a scam. The safest thing to do is report it immediately and put the phone down.If you've started a transfer and now suspect a scam, contact your pension or investment provider straight away. They might be able to stop it.”