An exclusive poll by TechneUK for this website found 63 percent of people who voted to Remain in the 2016 referendum believe it right that the European Court of Human Rights (ECHR) has the ability to overrule judgments made in British courts. Just 27 percent of those who backed the UK's membership of the Brussels club believe it wrong the Strasburg-based court can nullify the decisions made by UK judges. In comparison, 62 percent of those who supported the Leave campaign believe it wrong the ECHR has so much influence over British rules. The findings of the survey of 1,624 UK adults spoke to on June 29 and 30 suggest a new Brexit rift is opening up across Britain. Ministers are currently pushing through new legislation to curtail the role of the ECHR, with one source telling Express.co.uk last night that removing the jurisdiction of the ECHR was a "priority". Action is being taken after the ECHR derailed the take-off of the first flight to Rwanda under the UK's new asylum seekers scheme. READ MORE: Anne-Marie Trevelyan will unveils plan to boost UK trade by BILLIONS Seven people were expected to be taken to the east African country an hour and a half before the flight was due to leave. But a ruling by the ECHR that stopped one of those on board from being removed allowed layers for the other six to successfully apply for last-minute interim injunctions. Home Secretary Priti Patel signed an agreement with Rwanda in April that would allow the UK to send those who had arrived in the country illegally to be deported for asylum processing. She said the pact would help reduce the number of people making the dangerous crossing over the English Channel from France, helping to save lives. The UK Surpeme Court had rejected attempts to block the inaugural flight from taking off before the ECHR intervened. The Government is now preparing to accelerate legislation to push a Bill of Rights through Parliament to remove the ECHR's authority over UK courts. Legislation was first introduced in the House of Commons last week, with ministers looking to fast-track the Bill. A source said the Government wanted the necessary laws in place "sooner rather than later". However, it is understood conversations are still taking place about how to best proceed with the Bill with no set deadline for passing it into law. Announcing the British Bill of Rights in Parliament on June 22, Justice Secretary Dominic Raab said the Government wanted to "restore a healthy dose of common sense" to the justice system. DON'T MISS:Khan slammed after claiming Brexit Britain should rejoin single market [REACTION]Mordaunt hails Brexit Britain’s NEW global trade plan [COMMENT]EU launches astonishing attack claiming Boris is helping PUTIN [UPDATE] He told MPs: "Our Bills of Rights will strengthen our proud tradition of freedom, it will demarcate a clearer separation of powers. "It will ensure greater respect for our democratic institutions and it will better protect the public and restore a healthy dose of common sense to the justice system which is essential for commanding public confidence. "Ultimately it will make us freer, it will help keep our streets safer. "We will strengthen the separation of powers in this country, affirming the supremacy of the Supreme Court, being explicit that the UK courts are under no obligation to follow the Strasbourg case law and indeed are free to diverge from it. The Bill would replace the Human Rights Act, introduced by Sir Tony Blair in 1998, which obliged the UK to abide by rulings set by the ECHR. Under the Tories' plan, the British courts would not need to always follow case law from Strasbourg and would be the Supreme Court would be restored as the ultimate decision-maker on human rights issues. While the ECHR is unrelated to the European Union, many Conservative MPs believe the 2016 referendum's pledge to "take back control of our laws" is proof voters also want action on Strasbourg's influence. Former minister Desmond Swyane said last week: "Taking back control is to apply to the ECHR too."