On an episode of Homes Under the Hammer, Dion Dublin was viewing an unusual house in Handsacre, Staffordshire. The four bedroom detached property had a guide price of £100,000 and had a tricky legal pack. The idyllic home, which can only be accessed via a bridge going over a stream, is positioned right next to railway tracks. The property and the land it sits on are actually owned by a rail company. Some of the restrictions in the legal pack include not being able to build within three metres of the railway wall, no spotlights allowed on the property, no hose pipes or gas and oil tanks. The home was originally two separate properties that have been knocked together. On entering the property, there is a sizeable reception room with a fireplace. The galley kitchen was small but had plenty of potential. Dion suggested the new owner might want to get some architects in to try and reconfigure the property. READ MORE: Pippa Middleton lives in £17m home in Chelsea - perfect for new baby Upstairs, there are four big bedrooms and a family bathroom. However, there are currently no corridors or a landing. The garden was huge but can’t be built on due to the restrictions in the legal pack. The property was bought at auction in February 2016 by husband and wife team, Allison and Kevin who had a successful bid of £160,000. Allison had kept an eye on the property for years and snapped it up when it came to auction.  DON'T MISSAspirin can ‘supercharge’ your tomato plants into producing more fruit [INSIGHT]Mrs Hinch fans share household item hack for ousting weeds from paving [UPDATE]‘Perfect way’ to add property value and make a home ‘more desirable’ [ANALYSIS] She had her heart set on creating a three bedroom house with a wet room on the ground floor. The couple had friends in the building industry who they were planning to lean on for help. Allison had a budget of £70,000 and a proposed timescale of 12 months to complete the project. She had also set aside an extra £30,000 just in case. The couple planned to turn the property into their dream home. Homes Under the Hammer returned to see the home one year later. Allison, Kevin and a whole host of friends pulled the place apart and put it back together again. At the front of the house are the living room and dining room featuring a new multi-burner stove. At the back, the galley kitchen was extended to almost the entire length of the house. Upstairs, there was a radical change to the layout. A bedroom has been lost to allow for a linking hallway and an ensuite was added to the large master bedroom. A wet room was installed downstairs, which was handy for washing Allison's dogs.  Outside, there was a fantastic landscaping effort. Allison was able to get permission from Network Rail to build a block of garages. They kept to their one year timescale and spent £70,000 which included the garages. Local estate agents in March 2017 claimed the property could be sold for between £300,000 and £350,000. With a total spend of £230,000 that top figure of £350,000 could give them a massive profit of £120,000 before taxes and fees. Homes Under the Hammer can be streamed on BBC iPlayer.