Barcelona star Frenkie de Jong has no plans to take a pay cut, it has been claimed. The Netherlands international remains Manchester United’s top target for the summer window. And talk of a move to Old Trafford remains ongoing as the saga plays out. Manchester United have spent all summer chasing De Jong, with Erik ten Hag quickly identifying his compatriot as a top transfer target. And Fabrizio Romano, speaking to The United Stand, has now claimed the Netherlands international is unwilling to lower his salary to stay at Barcelona. The Catalan giants want De Jong to earn less than the £360,000-a-week he takes home over at the Nou Camp. And Romano has now handed United a boost by saying: “At the moment, Frenkie de Jong doesn't have any intention on taking a pay cut - he wants to continue with his current terms.” He then added: “There is a possibility of Frenkie de Jong staying at Barcelona with his current wages, but it's unlikely.” This all bodes well for United, without a doubt. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative Barcelona need to either get De Jong to save them money or offload the midfielder to the highest bidder - which is currently the Red Devils. There’s been talk of a potential move to Chelsea for the 25-year-old, as well as Bundesliga giants Bayern Munich. But those two teams appear to have other priorities at the current moment in time. United have an agreement with Barcelona when it comes to a fee for the midfielder, with the Red Devils prepared to pay an initial £63million to land the player. But another complex factor involves money owed to the midfielder. At the start of the coronavirus pandemic two years ago, De Jong agreed to take a pay cut to help his club out. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Man Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leave Man Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong Barcelona now owe him between £14m and £17m in deferred wages as a result, money they’re presently reluctant to pay. And the Catalan titans also want to sell De Jong so they can register their four summer signings, as well as Sergi Roberto and Ousmane Dembele. Andreas Christensen and Franck Kessie have joined on free transfers from Chelsea and AC Milan respectively. Leeds were raided for Raphinha, with the Brazil international rejecting approaches from Arsenal and Chelsea in order to move to Catalonia. And Barcelona’s patience paid off when it came to landing Robert Lewandowski, who has touched down from Bayern Munich. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. Regarding De Jong, meanwhile, Gabriel Agbonlahor recently stated the 25-year-old should move to Chelsea - instead of United. He said on talkSPORT: “I’ve been talking about Manchester United not being as much of a pull for a while now and their fans don’t like it. They can’t handle the straight facts. “De Jong, if he’s leaving Barcelona, he does not want to go to Manchester United. There are quotes that have come out that he would rather Bayern Munich, he would rather Chelsea. “Because if I’m choosing a team in the Premier League and I’ve got the chance of Chelsea or Manchester United, I’m choosing Chelsea. “I’m in London, I’ve got Thomas Tuchel who’s won the Champions League recently, you’re playing Champions League football this season, you’ve got a better squad of players. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “Manchester United have got [Cristiano] Ronaldo who doesn’t want to be there, he’s not turned up for pre-season. “You’ve got players that aren’t performing. You’ve lost top players like [Paul] Pogba. “They’ve got problems and it’s going to take them a while to get a chance of winning the Premier League or the Champions League. “Does De Jong want to go from Barcelona, who will be playing Champions League football, to Manchester United, who aren’t going to be?” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here