Coleen Nolan, 57, and Shane Ritchie’s, 58, son Shane Jr, 33, tied the knot with his fiancée Maddie Wahdan on Saturday. The Loose Women panellist looked every inch the proud mother as she posed with her son and new daughter-in-law during the special day. Shane and Maddie have been together for six years and got married at Rushton Hall in Kettering, Northamptonshire.Coleen stunned in an all-blue outfit consisting of a midi dress which fell just below her shoulders.The dress featured a ruffled detail which flatteringly emphasised the presenter’s figure.She accessorised with a cobalt fascinator, matching blue court shoes, and a dazzling silver clutch bag. READ MORE:'Do miss each other' Pauline Collins on being 'separated' from husband Coleen shared a series of snaps to her 314,000 Instagram followers where she posed with the loved-up couple and her other children, Jake, 29, and Ciara, 21.The bride looked beautiful in an A-line embroidered dress. The off-the-shoulder gown featured a full skirt and a beautiful sweetheart neckline.The Miss Manchester star wore her brunette locks down under her veil and accessorised with some delicate earrings with a matching necklace.Shane Jr looked very dapper in a black suit over a white shirt and bowtie. Father of the groom Shane Ritchie was also present and posed for photographs with the happy couple and ex-wife Coleen, who he was married to from 1990 until 1999.Coleen was also joined by four of her sisters: Anne, 71, Denise, 70, Maureen, 68, and Linda, 63.Captioning the photographs on Instagram, Coleen penned: “What can I say. DON'T MISSDolly Parton heartbreak: Star's husband's emotion confession on fame[INSIGHT]Lord Sugar blasts BBC coverage over no male' host at Women's Euros[LATEST]Hollywood A-lister saw Meghan Markle's royal status coming[NEWS] “I laughed and CRIED a lot.. a day I’ll never forget! Love you all.” (sic)Coleen was inundated with messages from her famous friends who shared their messages of congratulations for the newlyweds.Ruth Langsford wrote: “Most beautiful Mother of the Groom. Hope you had waterproof mascara on!”Real Housewives of Cheshire star Tanya Bardsley echoed: “You look beautiful.”