Nick Kyrgios has the serve to topple Novak Djokovic in the men's Wimbledon final on Sunday, according to tennis legend Mats Wilander. Kyrgios, 27, will contest the first Grand Slam final of his career when he takes on the all-time great on Centre Court, having enjoyed an explosive fortnight at SW19. And having been fined for his on-court behaviour twice en route to the semi-finals, the Australian then progressed past Rafael Nadal without having to even pick up a racquet. He was handed a walkover after the Spaniard withdrew, having picked up an abdominal tear during his quarter-final win over Taylor Fritz. On Friday afternoon, it was confirmed he would be joined in the final by Djokovic, who came from a set down to ruin the hopes of Britain's Cameron Norrie. The Serbian, 35, now stands just one win away from a seventh Wimbledon crown, and a 21st Grand Slam title in all as he bids to close the gap to Nadal. He will undoubtedly start as favourite, but it's Kyrgios who has actually won the two previous encounters between the pair. Those matches came back in 2017, at Indian Wells and Acapulco, when the Canberra-man was still considered a future star of the sport. JUST IN: Novak Djokovic refuses to speak about 'magic potion' he inhaled during Wimbledon match DON'T MISS:Cameron Norrie shows he is not another Tim Henman despite Novak Djokovic Wimbledon lossWimbledon fans split over Sue Barker replacement as BBC host to step downRafael Nadal shows class with heartwarming gesture before leaving Wimbledon Indeed, Kyrgios has served 121 aces in his five matches so far, 35 of which came in his last-16 match with Brandon Nakashima. It proved a decisive factor as the controversial Aussie came through in five sets. And unusually, Wilander thinks is underdog status might even mean he'll have the backing of the Centre Court spectators: "I think the crowd most probably will be behind the person that is not winning mostly," he added. "I think at the start, the crowd will most probably be on Nick Kyrgios’ side."