Sacked Formula One race director Michael Masi has broken his silence after leaving the FIA in the wake of the controversial end to last season. Masi was removed from his position as race director after Lewis Hamilton was denied a record eighth world championship, although the FIA hoped to hand the Australian a new role. However, Masi’s exit from the governing body was confirmed on Tuesday. The 44-year-old is relocating to Australia to spend more time with his family and take on new challenges. Masi has not spoken publicly since the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix, when Max Verstappen contentiously pipped Mercedes ace Hamilton to win the world title. But he has now released an emotional statement upon his departure. “It has been a pleasure and honour representing the FIA as the single-seater sporting director and FIA Formula 1 race director and safety delegate since Charlie [Whiting]’s unexpected and tragic passing in Melbourne 2019,” Masi said in a statement. JUST IN: Ricciardo speaks out on McLaren exit rumours - 'Hear it from me' “Having worked on various projects around the world with the Federation and its member clubs for over a decade prior to my appointment, I have now decided to leave the organisation and relocate back to Australia to be closer to my family and friends. “I am proud to have worked in partnership for many years with the various FIA member clubs, Formula 1 Group, the competitors, promoters and circuit operators and my colleagues and team internally at the FIA. I will always treasure these lifelong relationships and friendships that I have developed throughout my journey to date. “In particular, I am eternally grateful to Herbie Blash and the late Charlie Whiting for identifying me as a future successor in 2018, a role that I was looking forward to shadowing and learning from Charlie for many years prior to his shock passing. DON'T MISS...F1 made hilarious Hamilton and Verstappen mistake during Austrian GPLewis Hamilton and Max Verstappen drama as trio under investigationVerstappen 'has got to worry' after Red Bull problem sees Leclerc win “I also pass on my sincere appreciation for the support and guidance during my tenure of the former FIA president Jean Todt, Stefano Domenicali, and my dedicated FIA Single Seater team.” Masi was heavily criticised for allowing five lapped cars to pass a safety car to set up a final-lap sprint at the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix last year. Hamilton had led for most of the race but Verstappen, on softer tyres, passed the Brit to win his first world championship. Masi added: “I extend my appreciation to the tens of thousands of dedicated volunteers and officials that allow motorsport to happen each and every day around the world, as the safety of the competitors and officials has always remained my highest priority. “Thank you to the FIA president, Mohammed Ben Sulayem and his presidential team for their personal support since their appointment and I wish them the best for the future. The personal support of my family, friends, and colleagues globally during this journey and particularly in the last few months can only be described as overwhelming and something that I will forever cherish.”