NBC’s family favourite competition America’s Got Talent returned to screens for season 17, however, there were no new auditions to fascinate fans. Instead, judge Simon Cowell and host Terry Crews reflected on the show’s history as they tearfully re-watched their favourite Golden Buzzer moments.  America’s Got Talent aired a special instalment of the show on Tuesday titled ‘Simon’s Favourite Golden Buzzers.’ Alongside Terry Crews, the two looked back on the show stopping moments from season one up until the current 17th instalment. Throughout the audition round each season, judges and the host have the opportunity to send one act straight to the finals. They will slam the buzzer if an act has pulled on their heartstrings and to celebrate the usually emotional moment, heaps of gold confetti descend, with the audience roaring with applause. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Robert Sugden's return sealed in Victoria twist As Simon and Terry were looking back on the notable Golden Buzzer moment, Simon revealed his favourite was from season 16. He chose singer and songwriter Nightbirde as his top pick, who performed a moving rendition of her original song ‘It’s okay.’ Nightbirde, whose real name was Jane Marczewski, was invited to the show after sending in an audition tape and wowed fans and all the judges. While she had secured her position in the quarterfinals, the 31-year-old was unable to perform due to her struggle with cancer.  Nightbirde sadly died on February 19, 2022 at the age of 31, after cancer had spread to her lungs, liver and spine. As they watched her audition, Simon admitted: “I haven't been able to watch this since she passed.” Simon continued: “She was always optimistic, All she ever kept talking about was her music.” Both Simon and Terry became overwhelmed with emotion as they rewatched her audition, Terry added: “I don't know what to say.”  DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Abi Franklin loses baby Alfie for good [THEORY]Simon Cowell covers his eyes as act balances neck on sword [INSIGHT]America’s Got Talent's Howie Mandel sparks concern as he misses show [INSIGHT] Reflecting on his final moment with Nightbirde, Simon shared: “The last time I saw her, she did say what that moment meant to her. “She knew how sick she was and she couldn't make the finals, but I think watching it back, it makes you feel hopeful." “Her golden buzzer will live on forever,” Terry, who watched in awe, stated: “I feel like I'm watching an angel.”  Fans who were watching the special episode were also overcome with emotion re-watching Nightbirde’s audition and took to Twitter. @WandeItMusic wrote: “Got to hear Nightbirde again. I suddenly started crying, God rest her soul.” @JanessaBhere shared: “Full on sobbing. She really was and forever will be, number one. Rest in Peace.” While XquisiteReviews tweeted: “Simon got me in feelings tonight, but watching him cry over [Nightbirde] and the beautiful soul she was, took me out.” America’s Got Talent is available in the US on ABC and UK release date has yet to be announced. 