The speaker exploded in rage at the Alba MPs Neale Hanvey and Kenny MacAskill after the pair disrupted the beginning of the Prime Minister's Questions by shouting out demands for a second referendum on Scottish independence. A furious Sir Lindsay Hoyle turned on the Alba MPs amid the clamour from MPs and told the House of Commons to "shut up a minute!" "Order! Order!," yelled the Speaker from the chair. "I will not tolerate such behaviour. "If you want to go out go out. "If you stand again I will order you out."  The MP for East Lothian and Kirkcaldy and Cowdenbeath were eventually ordered to leave the chamber by the Speaker. He continued: "Neale Hanvey, I'm now naming you and Kenny MacAskill to leave this chamber. Serjeant, deal with them. "Out now, Serjeant-at-arms escort them out." "Deal with them!" Sir Hoyle was heard to tell Parliamentary staff.  Mr Hanvey then rose to his feet and could not be heard over the heckling from Tory MPs, before he was subsequently told to leave the chamber. The two MPs were later issued formal suspensions from the Commons over the interruptions. Once PMQs restarted Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer called on the Prime Minister to scrap "the absurd" non-dom status that allows the super-rich to dodge tax. "Sir Keir said: "May I welcome the new Cabinet to their places. We have a new Chancellor who accepted a job from the Prime Minister on Wednesday afternoon and then told him to quit on Thursday morning. DON'T MISS:Wanted! A Brexiteer outside Cabinet to replace Boris [EXPLAINER]EU's Brexit revenge to hurt UK for another decade as MPs fear worst [REVEAL]'Where is good news in Brexit?' Andrew Neil challenges David Davis [REPORT]   "A new Northern Ireland Secretary who once asked if you need a passport to get to Derry. The new Education Secretary, whose junior ministers have literally been giving the middle finger to the public. It is truly the country's loss that they will only be in post for a few weeks." Now, the Prime Minister must be feeling demob happy since he was pushed out of office," continued Sir Keir. "Finally, he can throw off the shackles, say what he really thinks and forget about following the rules. So, does he agree it's time to scrap the absurd non-dom status that allows the super rich to dodge tax in this country?" Boris Johnson replied: "I thank him very much. It's perfectly true that I am grateful for the ability to speak my mind, which I have never really lost. But what I am focusing on is continuing the Government of the country. As I just told you, from tomorrow £326, never mind non-dom. Doms or non-doms, I don't mind. £326 is arriving in the bank accounts of eight million vulnerable people." 