The Duke of Sussex signed a deal with Penguin Random House to publish his memoirs about life in the Royal Family in 2021. Harry previously said his memoir will be “accurate and wholly truthful”. Slated for a late 2022 release, Omid Scobie, royal expert and author of Finding Freedom, said Harry’s memoirs means “drama will always be lurking around the corner”. He said: “Of course, whether you are a working member of The Firm or not, drama will always be lurking around the corner for any royal, whose private lives are rarely that. “His forthcoming memoir – which is now finished and has completed legal checks – will no doubt invite some of it in, even if, as sources have told me over the past year, it doesn’t include those much-reported “attacks” on his family. “The book will be Harry’s biggest chance to tell his side of the story – and paint a clearer picture of the man, husband, father and global citizen he is today.” Writing for Yahoo! News, Mr Scobie compared Harry to Princess Diana, saying: “Just like his late mother, he too has spent considerable lengths of his life misunderstood.” Mr Scobie previously insisted Harry’s memoirs won’t be a “burn” book and that Harry won’t “attack” the Royal Family. However, ex-Vanity Fair editor Tina Brown told the Sun: “Harry’s not going to go after The Queen, she’s sacrosanct. And he probably won’t go after Kate, who he’s very fond of. “But he will go after Charles and Camilla and maybe William.” READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Gosh! Netflix stuns with new Meghan & Harry plan In a statement about the upcoming memoir, the Duke said: “I'm writing this not as the prince I was born but as the man, I have become. “I've worn many hats over the years, both literally and figuratively, and my hope is that in telling my story - the highs and lows, the mistakes, the lessons learned - I can help show that no matter where we come from, we have more in common than we think. “I'm deeply grateful for the opportunity to share what I've learned over the course of my life so far and excited for people to read a first-hand account of my life that's accurate and wholly truthful.” DON'T MISS Brexit LIVE: Truss bill passes Commons, UK nears 'taking back control' UK strikes new US deal with major state TODAY UK storm forecast: Maps show lightning to strike Britain Royal expert Robert Jobson told the Sun Harry received an advance of around $20million, or £14.5million. Harry will be donating the profits from his memoir to charity, according to publisher Penguin Random House. The memoir has no official release date as of writing. An insider close to Harry told Heat World: “Harry is struggling with the pressure and keeps changing his mind on what to include in the book. “Every passage is being revised again and again. Harry keeps remembering new things he wants to include, and then suddenly panics about toning down certain anecdotes. “It’s been going on like this for months, and with the print date looming, he has to make a decision to officially put it on hold or pull the trigger and hope for the best.” “Harry knows there will be a huge fallout once this memoir finally hits the shelves.”