Lung cancer is one of the most common and serious types of cancer. Around 47,000 people are diagnosed with the condition every year in the UK. Partly what makes lung cancer so serious is that it's not usually detected until it has progressed - this leads to poorer survival outcomes. However, spotting the symptoms as soon as they arise can greatly improve your odds. A new BMJ article is urging people to seek an "urgent referral" if they notice a specific warning sign. The BMJ article states: "Unexplained haemoptysis warrants urgent referral (within 14 days) for computed tomography imaging." Haemoptysis, also known as coughing of blood, is one of the main warning signs of lung cancer. READ MORE: Cancer: The ‘unexplained’ sensation that could be an ‘early’ indicator of several cancers Other general signs include: Lung cancer survival rates are generally poorer than other types of cancer, owing in part to the absence of symptoms in the beginning. About one in three people with the condition live for at least one year after they're diagnosed and about one in 20 people live at least 10 years. However, survival rates vary widely, depending on how far the cancer has spread at the time of diagnosis. DON'T MISSBowel cancer: 'Ribbon-like' poo is a warning sign [INSIGHT]Fatty liver: The sign likely to strike in the 'morning' [ADVICE]Covid: Common symptom to spot - seen in 69% of cases [TIPS] Early diagnosis can therefore make a big difference. "See a GP if you have symptoms of lung cancer, such as breathlessness or a persistent cough," advises the NHS. According to the health body, the GP will ask about your general health and your symptoms. "They may examine you and ask you to breathe into a device called a spirometer, which measures how much air you breathe in and out." READ MORE: 'Strong evidence': The type of vegetable associated with a higher risk of stomach cancer The health body adds: "You may be asked to have a blood test to rule out some of the possible causes of your symptoms, such as a chest infection." Most cases of lung cancer are caused by smoking, although people who have never smoked can also develop the condition. In fact, "up to a quarter of lung cancers are diagnosed in people who have never smoked", states the BMJ article. Occupational exposure and pollution is a lesser-known but potentially significant risk factor. Exposure to certain chemicals and substances which are used in several occupations and industries may increase your risk of developing lung cancer. These chemicals and substances include: Research also suggests that being exposed to diesel fumes over many years increases your risk of developing lung cancer. One study has shown your risk of developing lung cancer increases by around 33 percent if you live in an area with high levels of nitrogen oxide gases (mostly produced by cars and other vehicles).