The youngster's family have been denied permission to take their life-support treatment fight to the United Nations. On Monday, the Court of Appeal upheld a High Court decision to withdraw life support treatment for Archie, who was left in a comatose state after suffering brain damage. David Foster, based at law firm Moore Barlow, said Archie's mother and father, Hollie Dance and Paul Battersbee, who are separated but both live in Southend, Essex, planned to appeal to the European Court of Human Rights. He said: "Archie's family are devastated. "The family maintain that fair and proper balance was not carried out when looking at Archie's best interests and will appeal directly to the European Court of Human Rights, or the United Nations, as a result." The 12-year-old's parents had mounted an appeal bid and argued that Mr Justice Hayden had made errors after the High Court hearing. But Court of Appeal judges Sir Andrew McFarlane, Lady Justice King and Lord Justice Peter Jackson upheld the ruling that doctors could lawfully stop providing life support to the youngster.  On April 7, Archie was discovered by Ms Dance unconscious with a ligature over his head and believes he may have been participating in an online challenge. The youngster is being treated at the Royal London Hospital in Whitechapel and has never regained consciousness.  Doctors at the hospital believe he is brain-stem dead and say continued life-support treatment is not in his best interests. Barts Health NHS Trust leaders had asked for decisions on what medical moves would be in his best interests. READ MORE: Fury as house to be demolished for footpath and will 'create a ghetto'  Initially a separate High Court judge, Mrs Justice Arbuthnot, had concluded Archie was dead. But Court of Appeal judges upheld a challenge by his parents against decisions taken by that judge, with the evidence later reviewed by Mr Justice Hayden.  Separately, Mr Battersbee had left hospital and was feared to have suffered a heart attack or stroke outside a courtroom at the Royal Courts of Justice in London. The father of 12-year-old Archie had spent Monday night in hospital after being taken ill shortly before Court of Appeal judges ruled that the youngster could be disconnected from a ventilator. DON'T MISSExpert warns 'no end in sight' as bills to KEEP soaring [COMMENTS]UK weather forecast: Chilling Atlantic front to pummel Britain [LATEST]RMT boss Mick Lynch admits pay offer not put to workers 'Why not ask?' [VIDEO]  Appeal judges were told on Monday he was feared to have suffered a heart attack or stroke outside one of the courtrooms. A family spokesman said on Tuesday that Mr Battersbee had spent the previous night in hospital but was "OK now" and should be released by the end of the day.  A spokesman for campaign group the Christian Legal Centre, which is supporting the family, has now confirmed he is no longer in hospital. 