Carlos Alcaraz has refused to give his verdict on Novak Djokovic’s Wimbledon quarter-final against Jannik Sinner after losing to the Italian. The Spanish teenager was tipped to be the man to trouble the Serb and Rafael Nadal in their quest to continue the Grand Slam race but lost to the 10th seed in four sets on Sunday. Djokovic is the defending champion at Wimbledon and is hoping to catch his rival Nadal in the Grand Slam race, with the Serb holding 20 Majors to the Spaniard’s 22. It would also be the world No 3’s fourth consecutive title win at the All England Club but Sinner will try to stop the top seed in his tracks. The 20-year-old looked sublime against Alcaraz in the first two sets before the fifth seed saved a match point in a third set tiebreak to steal a set from the Italian. But the teenager has refused to answer a question about Sinner’s chances in his next round against Djokovic. “I can't answer that because I lost. I mean, I can't answer that,” he stated, following his 6-1 6-4 6-7(8) 6-3 defeat. But Alcaraz did compliment his opponent for handling the pressure of a Centre Court debut better than he did. JUST IN: Nick Kyrgios cocksure he set the trend with Djokovic, Federer, Nadal   Assessing his performance in what was the first match on Wimbledon’s main showcourt for both players, the 19-year-old said: “Of course I start really nervous. Playing on Centre Court is not easy for me. Jannik could handle it better than me, the nerves and the pressure, I'd say.” And Sinner himself was excited to potentially get another match on Centre against the top seed, saying: “It's going to be a tough match, of course. I mean, he's playing very, very good. I will try my best. That's the minimum I can do. Just enjoy every moment out there, which I've done today. “It was a very special feeling to go on Centre Court. So, yeah, let's see in the next round what's going to happen. But, yeah, I think I can be happy today and trying to recover in the best possible way for the next match.” DON'T MISSKyrgios growing after being 'pulled from a pub at 4am' to play NadalNick Kyrgios answers injury question after taxing Wimbledon winKyrgios leaned on Nadal experience to help him through injury for win  Djokovic has also piled the praise on his young opponent ahead of their quarter-final, backing up Alcaraz’s claim that the Italian didn’t feel pressure on the big courts. “Of course, I have only superlatives and positive things to talk about Sinner's game,” he started.  “We all know he's very talented. He's already now an established top player. I've seen him play many different surfaces in the last few years. He's maturing a lot on the big stage. I think he doesn't feel too much pressure on the big stage because he can get you sometimes when you're younger.”  And the 20-time Major champion even compared Sinner to himself as he added: “I kind of see a little bit of myself in his game, as well, from back of the court, playing flat backhand, constantly staying on the back of the line, trying to put pressure on opponents.” 