Callum Wheeler, 22, will be made to serve a minimum term of 37 years for battering mum-of-two Julia James to death. A court heard the thug used a railway jack - a tool used to lift train tracks - to attack Mrs James, 53, as she walked her dog. Speaking after Wheeler was caged, Mrs James' son said the "sick, twisted" killer "should never see the light of day again". Mrs James tried to flee Wheeler during his attack on April 27, 2021, reports Kent Live, but she suffered brutal injuries. Prosecutor Alison Morgan QC told Canterbury Crown Court today the murder "involved sexual conduct" after lewd Wheeler was described during the hearing as being obsessed with pornography and had "strange desires". Speaking after the sentencing, Mrs James' son Patrick Davis said: "He should never see the light of day again. Why should he? My mum only wanted to walk her dog but had her life ended by this disgusting creature. "I will not refer to him as a human being." Mrs James’ daughter Bethan Coles told how their mother’s murder has given her family a "life sentence". "I have struggled to find the right words to describe how it has devastated my life and the lives of my family," she said. "My life has changed beyond measure. To lose my own parent, the woman I loved the most in the world is truly awful. "To know how she was brutally attacked in broad daylight having run for her life is horrific. It haunts me every day of my life." Mrs James’ widower repeatedly broke down in tears as he told how "my life was finally complete when I married my soulmate." "My hopes and dreams were taken," he said. "I actually felt I died too."  The judge heard Wheeler was seen roaming around the countryside with the weapon the day before he killed Mrs James, who was off duty, walking her dog, a Jack Russell called Toby. He was carried into the dock today, wearing handcuffs, by staff from Broadmoor high security psychiatric hospital, in Berkshire, where he has been held, to be sentenced after he was found guilty of murder in May. Wheeler sat with his head bowed as his victim’s family read their emotional victim impact statements. He was described by the prosecutor as a "highly sexualised" prolific user of internet pornography, who had searched for words including "raped" just two days before the attack.  Wheeler had no connection to his victim but prosecutors said he targeted her when she became vulnerable because she was not close to any other dog walkers. When arrested, he told police "sometimes I do things that I cannot control" and while in custody said "you can’t go into the woods and expect to be safe". He was arrested on May 7 last year, some days after the murder. She said Wheeler planned to target a lone woman and was "lying in wait in bushes" for "highly respected PCSO" Mrs James, who made a "desperate attempt to run away". Data from her Apple watch showed that her heart rate and walking pace spiked at the point it is believed she spotted Wheeler in the woodland, and changed her route home in a bid to escape. She suffered "catastrophic injuries", described by a pathologist as the worst he had ever seen, when Wheeler inflicted "multiple blows to her head" with a railway jack, a tool used to lift train tracks, Ms Morgan said. She explained said DNA found on the breast area of Mrs James’ white top indicated touching that "must have been sexual in nature". Wheeler had no connection to his victim but prosecutors said he targeted her when she became vulnerable because she was not close to any other dog walkers. When arrested, he told police "sometimes I do things that I cannot control" and while in custody said "you can’t go into the woods and expect to be safe". He also said that if he was released he would return to the woodland to rape and kill women, and that Mrs James had deserved to die.