Firefighters were called to tackle the fire in Stamford, Lincolnshire in the early hours of the morning. The fire, which occurred on Edward Road at around 2am, caused external damage to several properties. The blaze was extinguished by crews from three fire stations. Some of the residents living along the road are still in shock, reports Lincolnshire Live. Nieghbour Lee Villette said the fire was melting the plastic off the front of his house. He said: "I woke up to go to the toilet, looked out the window and noticed there was a car on fire. Then another one started so I called the fire service at around 2.26am. "I went to put clothes on, came out and the plastic was melting off the front of my house so I had to deal with that first. "The fire service and police came in six or seven minutes but it felt like a lot longer. "It was like a fire tornado, the wind was blowing and the fire was going up, all the cars were just catching one after the other. "I've never experienced heat like that in my life, I'm still shocked. It was like something out of a movie scene." Rosie Hargreaves, who lives across from where the incident took place, said: "When I woke up there were three cars already alight at about half past two. "It just took hold so quickly, I didn't see anyone around the cars, just all the flames. "My daughter woke up and was obviously quite concerned as well. "I'm just glad nobody's hurt because it could've spread to the flats quite quickly. "It's shocking really, things like that don't really happen around here." Two police cars were at the scene on Friday morning and red tape was in place around the destroyed vehicles. A Lincolnshire Fire and Rescue spokesperson confirmed: "Crews from Stamford, Market Deeping and Bourne all attended Edward Road, Stamford at around 2.30am after reports of vehicles on fire. "There has been fire damage to eight vehicles, heat damage to the exterior of the nearby flats and fire damage to front windows, front doors and the fences of a couple of neighbouring properties. Fire investigation officers are currently in attendance to determine the cause." Brian Naylor, who also lives opposite the incident, added: "I smelt something and didn't know what it was. "I was awake anyway and when I saw it I thought about going to move my car but decided to just sit back a bit. "Eventually I came out to have a look when it died down. "It's just one of those things you can't do much about, I'm just glad no one was hurt."