Meghan Markle and Prince Harry have hit headlines recently after the pair stepped out at the United Nations headquarters in New York where Harry delivered a keynote speech to mark Nelson Mandela Day. However, they’re also the subject of a new book from royal biographer Tom Bower, who’s pulled no punches in his portrayal of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex. And Tom isn’t alone as Sharon also had some choice words for the two while appearing on Piers Morgan Uncensored. “A royal thing that’s been in the news is this big Tom Bower book about Meghan and Harry,” Piers teed up. The former Good Morning Britain host continued: “It paints a pretty awful picture actually of the pair of them. “And we have this bizarre speech by Harry on Nelson Mandela Day this week, sort of linking their own strides for freedom to that of Nelson Mandela’s 27 years in prison. “What do you make of these two? What’s going on with them?” Piers probed as Sharon unleashed her take. READ MORE: 'Ambitious and ruthless' Tom Bower on how he thinks Meghan is perceive She blasted: “I think they’re lost and I think that they’re trying to find their place in the world - I think they’re totally lost. “I mean, one minute they’re making a cartoon and then they’re making a documentary on them and then they’re saving the world. “They just haven’t found their path in life yet, I really believe that,” she went on before adding: “They’re lost, they’re floundering.” Piers interjected: “But Sharon, my point is they’re allowed to do what they like… “But should they be allowed to use the royal titles to fleece the system and make all this money and pretend to be like a rival Royal Family? “That’s what sticks in my gullet about it,” Piers went on as Sharon - who was speaking via video link from LA - weighed back in: “I just don’t - I haven’t from day one been into the fact that talking about private things that went on in the Royal Family when they were a part of it. “And the thing is it’s just their point of view, we haven’t had the other point of view. “And it’s like don’t bring it to the public, no one wants to know about it, every family has problems, keep it to yourself. DON'T MISS:Prince Harry 'changed his phone number without telling Royal Family'Queen regularly visited Harry and Meghan fearing they were 'unhappy' Prince William and Kate could skip US trip to avoid private flight row “Keep it to yourself,” Sharon repeated. “I just think from day one they’ve handled it very badly. “And you know what, they wanted their freedom and they have it but they want more than just their freedom… “They want to be two very important people politically,” Sharon pointed out, prompting Piers to shut the idea down. He replied: “They want their royal cake and eat it, but if they keep poking their noses into American political current affairs and constitution and so on, it’s not gonna end well I tell you that.” And Sharon agreed, taking aim at Harry as she remarked: “It’s like - I was just gonna say, he’s only been here two minutes! “And he wants to run the country, it’s like, ‘Hold on!’” Elsewhere, Sharon also discussed her husband Ozzy’s health as he recovered from major surgery. Sharon admitted Ozzy is doing fine now and on the mend after the operation was a success. Piers Morgan Uncensored airs weekdays at 8pm on TalkTV.