In a highly unusual move, Mr Justice MacDonald yesterday revoked the adoption order and quashed the original birth certificate. Ms Osborne and her partner Helen Arnold, both 48, had a baby through IVF in 2014. Ms Osborne and her partner Helen Arnold, both 48, had a baby through IVF in 2014. The law states the names of same sex female couples who have a child through IVF - and who consented to being treated as a parent - should appear on the child’s birth certificate. But a Cambridge County Council registrar wrongly said only Ms Arnold could be named. The mistake meant Ms Osborne had to go through a totally unnecessary adoption process and lengthy legal battle to correct the error. The judge said: “I am certain that it has caused great stress and upset and I hope that by making the order today can bring a form of closure to them.” Following the ruling, Ms Osborne said: “We are delighted that we have finally had this erroneous adoption order quashed and look forward to being registered, as I always have been, as the parent of my child." “At the same time, we are very angry and deeply disappointed that we have had to fight so hard to put right Cambridgeshire County Council’s failures and get the adoption order revoked." “We should never have been placed in this situation in the first place." “It’s a travesty that we have had to go through this process all the way to the High Court, simply to get my right of being recognised as our child’s parent.” The couple registered their child’s birth at Cambridge Register Office in August 2014. Ms Osborne described the registrar as “disrespectful, indignant and flippant” when she queried why her name could not be on the certificate. The official said her name could not appear unless was the father “The registrar made me feel stupid for asking or expecting be named as a parent and I wasn’t worthy of such official recognition, as if I was a random stranger off the street,” Ms Osborne said. She added: “In those moments, I felt the pride and identity of being a mother stripped away from me by the registrar’s hostile, dismissive and inconsiderate comments which were devastating. I was, am and always have been, my child’s mother.” The error came to light after they had their second child in 2018 and Ms Osborne was officially registered as a parent. The couple, who have waived their right to anonymity to highlight the case, were represented by the Cambridge Family Law Practice. Jeremy Ford, partner at CFLP, said: “For Sarah and Helen, this should have been the simple and happy process of registering the birth of their child. Instead, compounded mistakes snowballed into contriving an utterly false birth record for their child and their family. “It is heartbreaking that Sarah, the rightful parent of her and Helen’s child, had to go through the intrusive and needless adoption process.” Marisa Allman, barrister for the couple at legal chambers 36 Family said, “The whole episode has been extremely traumatic for them and I am delighted by today’s judgment which I hope will mean they can move on with their lives as a family. "They should be commended for waiving their anonymity and bringing this issue to national attention as there may be other couples who have suffered the same injustice who can now take action themselves to ensure that the birth register reflects the reality for their family.” Ms Arnold said: “We are delighted by today’s judgment which recognises that Sarah should never have had to adopt our child." "We have both always been our child’s mothers and it is outrageous that we had to go through the painful and humiliating process of Sarah having to adopt." "For our child it was simply unfathomable that they were adopted. To then find out that none of it was necessary was incomprehensible." “The fact that our child has two mums already sets them apart, already represents something they need to learn to adapt to, explain and accept. Knowing that they were also ‘adopted’ was an added layer of complexity and was potentially very damaging to them and fails to reflect the reality of their life.”