The Sussexes enjoyed dinner with friends at Locanda Verde hours after the Duke's speech at the UN General Assembly to mark Nelson Mandela International Day. Meghan smiled as she held Harry's hand as they left the Italian restaurant serving Chef Andrew Carmellini's menu. The former Suits actress put on a glamorous display in a black and white jumpsuit, while she wore her hair in a sleek ponytail. The Duchess completed her outfit with a pair of black heels and carried a red leather bag. It was Meghan's third change of the day after earlier appearances at the UN and at Soho’s Crosby Street Hotel with feminist activist Gloria Steinem. Harry cut a more casual figure in black jeans, a blue shirt and grey suede trainers. The dinner came after a busy day for the Sussexes, who are living in the US after quitting royal duties in 2020. Harry warned of a "global assault on democracy and freedom" as he addressed the UN. In his speech, the Duke told of the dangers of climate change, the Covid pandemic, "weaponising lies and disinformation", the war in Ukraine and abortion laws in the US. He said: "This has been a painful year in a painful decade. READ MORE: Dr Shola lavishes praise on Harry and Meghan after UN event "We're living through a pandemic that continues to ravage communities in every corner of the globe; climate change wreaking havoc on our planet, with the most vulnerable suffering most of all; the few, weaponising lies and disinformation at the expense of the many; and from the horrific war in Ukraine to the rolling back of constitutional rights here in the United States. "We are witnessing a global assault on democracy and freedom - the cause of Mandela's life." The Duke also spoke about his late mother Princess Diana's meeting with the former South African leader in March 1997. He said: "On my wall, and in my heart every day, is an image of my mother and Mandela meeting in Cape Town in 1997. DON'T MISSHarry 'couldn't resist venting anger' after Palace 'refused demands'Prince Harry merciessly mocked by South African newspaperRoyal Family LIVE: Not your country! Fury at Harry's 'royal lectures' "The photo was presented to me by the late Archbishop Desmond Tutu, whose friendship and inspiration were their own treasured gift. "My wife and I had the honour of introducing our four-month-old son to him back in 2019. "When I first looked at the photo, straight away what jumped out was the joy on my mother's face; the playfulness, cheekiness, even... pure delight to be in communion with another soul so committed to serving humanity. "Then I looked at Mandela. Here was a man with the weight of the world on his shoulders, asked to heal his country from the wreckage of its past and transform it for the future. "A man who had endured the very worst of humanity - vicious racism and state-sponsored brutality. "A man who had lost 27 years with his children and family that he would never get back." Harry said he has "always found hope" in Africa, a continent where he "found peace and healing". He added: "It's where I've felt closest to my mother and sought solace after she died, and where I knew I had found a soulmate in my wife." As they arrived at the UN, Harry and Meghan ignored a US reporter's question about biographer Tom Bower's explosive new book Revenge: Meghan, Harry And The War Between The Windsors. The Sussexes are living in California as they pursue new lives outside the monarchy across the pond. 