The controversial 77-year-old comedian was due to perform in August at the Lancaster City Council-run Platform venue in the seaside town of Morecambe. But it was called off after 59 petition signatories protested - with the council agreeing that performances by the X-rated star were not "compatible" with its values. Now a 3,000-strong counter-petition is demanding the council reinstate the show in the former railway station. Supporter Sharon Hopewell admitted she was not even a fan of the blue comic but defended his right to free speech and to perform in front of fans. She added: "He shouldn't be cancelled because a few people don't like him. I'm not a fan but I will stand up for his right to put his show on." Another, Paul Hughes-Stainsby wrote: "His shows are always sold with a warning. If easily offended please stay away. It's personal choice not a council decision." And Ken Drinkwater stressed: "Let the haters hate. There will be no comedy left soon." Those who backed the first petition accused Brown - real name Royston Vasey - of being "racist, homophobic, and misogynistic". Announcing his reasons to ban Brown, the council's chief executive Mark Davies, said: "We understand this decision will disappoint some people, but we are proud to be a fair, diverse and inclusive organisation and do not believe Mr Brown's shows are compatible with these values." Despite the backlash Mr Davies has refused to do a U-turn and others have supported him. County councillor Lizzi Collinge said Brown "uses foul racist and sexist language and uses humour to normalise these racist and sexist ideas, which contribute to people actually feeling unsafe in our community". She added: "Mr Vasey and his management seem to confuse the right to free speech with the right to be given a stage to speak from." "It is not the first time the stand-up has been embroiled in rows over his shows, and venues in Swansea, Sheffield and Nottinghamshire have cancelled performances previously." The council declined to explain why it booked the comic in the first place.