Footage from the scene shows parade participants and onlookers running away as someone shouts ‘Gunshots! Gunshots!’  Early reports stated as many as nine were injured but authorities have now revised their estimates. Highland Park police have now revealed six people are confirmed dead while 26 have been injured.  Police on site told people: “Everybody disburse, please. It is not safe to be here.” A Chicago Sun-Times reporter saw blankets placed over three bodies while some people fleeing were visibly bloodied. According to witnesses, multiple shots were fired with one saying he heard more than 20. One Highland Park resident, Miles Zaremski, told the Sun-Times: “I heard 20 to 25 shots."  Images from the scene show people abandoned chairs, blankets and push chairs as they ran to seek cover. The shots were reportedly fired around 10 minutes into the parade which kicked off at 10am on Monday. Highland Park is known as a wealthy suburban neighbourhood, around 27 miles from downtown Chicago. Brad Schneider, the US representative for Illinois's 10th congressional district, sent his heartfelt condolences to families and their loved ones. He wrote on Twitter: “Today a shooter struck in Highland Park during the Independence Day parade. READ MORE: Boris in a corner as it emerges PM 'was aware' of 'groping' claims “My campaign team and I were gathering at the start of the parade when the shooting started. “My team and I are safe and secure. We are monitoring the situation closely and in touch with the Mayor. “Hearing of loss of life and others injured. “My condolences to the family and loved ones; my prayers for the injured and for my community; and my commitment to do everything I can to make our children, our towns, our nation safer. Enough is enough!” DON'T MISS:Former Army chief blows top over 'madness' plans to cut 10,000 troops [REVEAL]Fuel protests: Every road in the UK affected by delays today [INSIGHT]'Sporty' Putin ‘loves his body’: Inside Russian tyrant’s personality [SPOTLIGHT] At a police press conference, Chief Superintendent Chris Covelli said police are "searching for the subject a male who is said to be male, white and between 18 to 20 years old with long black hair and wearing white or blue t-shirt. There have been 24 people injured have been taken to hospital." The sheriff’s department wrote on Twitter: “STAY OUT OF THE AREA - allow law-enforcement and first responders to do their work.” He added that deputies were assisting Highland Park police. Illinois Governor Jay Roberts Pritzker wrote on Twitter: “My staff and I are closely monitoring the situation in Highland Park. “State police are on the scene and we have made all state resources available to the community. “We will continue working with local officials to help those affected.” Speaking to WGN News, Michael, a witness who allegedly saw the shooter, said the man was “very military style, methodical in the way he was crouched and shooting”. Police have yet to make an arrest. NorthShore Highland Park Hospital confirmed it is treating 26 individuals in relation to the shooting. They added a “vast majority had suffered gunshot wounds and the remaining had sustained injuries as a result of the ensuing chaos at the parade”. In a press briefing, incident commander Chris O’Neil told reporters people should “take shelter” and “the suspect is still at large”. In a statement from the White House, president Joe Biden sent a message expressing his "shock" at the shooting. He said: "Jill and I are shocked by the senseless gun violence that has yet again brought grief to an American community on this Independence Day. "As always, we are grateful for the first responders and law enforcement on the scene. "I have spoken to Governor Pritzker and Mayor Rotering, and have offered the full support of the Federal government to their communities. "I also surged Federal law enforcement to assist in the urgent search for the shooter, who remains at large at this time. "Members of the community should follow guidance from leadership on the ground, and I will monitor closely as we learn more about those whose lives have been lost and pray for those who are in the hospital with grievous injuries." He added: "I recently signed the first major bipartisan gun reform legislation in almost thirty years into law, which includes actions that will save lives. But there is much more work to do, and I’m not going to give up fighting the epidemic of gun violence." READ NEXT:Falklands gamble: BBC journalist lifts lid on risky liberation bidCameron Norrie vs Steve Johnson RECAP: Wimbledon updates'America is Britain's best friend in the world'Britons hit back at US presenter for saying UK is just ‘awful weather’Starmer WILL resign if found to have breached Covid rules