Manchester United's need for midfield reinforcements this summer has seen them make Barcelona star Frenkie de Jong their top target but they are struggling to get a deal done. United have now been linked with Paris Saint-Germain defensive midfielder Leandro Paredes but his price tag is reportedly 'complicating' talks between the two clubs. United are in dire need of midfield signings given that Paul Pogba, Nemanja Matic, Jesse Lingard and Juan Mata all left the club on free transfers last week. De Jong has been heavily linked, although a deal has yet to be struck with Barcelona, while former Ajax boss Erik ten Hag has targeted his old club in a bid to sign Argentine star Lisandro Martinez who is a defender who can play as a No 6. The club have been lacking in midfield for years, and quality incomings in the engine room have been few and far between with the Red Devils slowly slipping down the league table. And according to L'Equipe, their move for PSG star Paredes has also hit the rocks. It has been claimed that United had enquired about a potential move for the Argentina international, with their £29.6million asking price 'complicating talks' for the 28-year-old. The report states that United had asked the French champions to conjure up a price for Paredes should they wish to sell him to the Red Devils. That fee was £29.6m but with United instead focusing on other targets such as De Jong, Christian Eriksen and Martinez, a move for Paredes will be put on the back-burner at least for now. The midfielder, who signed for PSG from Zenit Saint Petersburg back in January 2019 for a fee of around £34.5m, has been a solid first-team option since his move to the Parc des Princes. He has made over 100 appearances in less than three-and-a-half years at the club. Juventus have been credited with an interest in his signature, although he has two years left on his current contract and so PSG do not need to sell. But if a deal cannot be sourced this summer, United could revisit their interest next summer should Paredes not have signed a new contract by then. Paredes admitted last month that he is likely to stay in the French capital this season, casting doubt over a potential move to the Red Devils. "I’ll stay at PSG next season,” Paredes said, “The time has not yet come to leave.” United have only signed Tyrell Malacia so far this window, with the left-back joining from Feyenoord for around £15m. They will need to increase their spending this summer, however, if they are to battle for Champions League qualification once again.