FIFA fans might want to book some time off at the end of September. If the latest rumours are true, FIFA 23 - which marks the end of the partnership between EA Sports and FIFA - will have a September 30 release date on PS5, PS4, Xbox Series X/S, Xbox One and PC. If you can't wait that long, a new report also suggests that EA Sports will give some fans the ability to play the game early as part of an upcoming closed beta test. The news comes from the traditionally reliable @ALumia_Italia Twitter account, which tracks new additions to the Xbox backend. According to the latest tweets, the game's September 30 release date will be preceded by a closed beta, which will likely be available to pre-order customers. The site also claims that Paris Saint-Germain striker Kylian Mbappé will once again appear on the cover. While it's not confirmed, EA's plans to hold a closed beta probably means that FIFA 23 won't have a traditional demo. This is something the company has moved away from in recent years. Electronic Arts is expected to reveal more about FIFA 23 in the coming weeks, so stay tuned for the latest news on the closed beta and how you can get involved. One thing we do know for sure is that FIFA 23 will be the final EA game to feature the FIFA branding. From next year onwards, Electronic Arts will return with a new footballing franchise, titled EA Sports FC. EA Sports explains more: "EA SPORTS FC brings the strength of more than 300 individual licensed partners, giving players access to more than 19,000 athletes across 700 teams, in 100 stadiums and over 30 leagues around the world. "Through EA SPORTS FC, EA will further grow the reach and power of its football licensing portfolio by retaining and expanding the licensed football content, scaling to new experiences, and increasing access through more platforms. "EA will also build on a foundation of inclusivity and innovate in new areas around both women’s and grassroots football for the global community." According to EA Sports, this includes the Premier League, Bundesliga, LaLiga, Serie A, and MLS. That's on top of competitions such as the Champions League and UEFA Europa League - just don't expect the FIFA World Cup.