Manchester United have reportedly been given assurances when it comes to signing Frenkie de Jong. Over the weekend, claims in Spain emerged saying the midfielder had turned down a move to Old Trafford due to his determination to stay at Barcelona. However, it appears there’s still a chance he’ll move to the Premier League this summer. Manchester United have been pushing for the signing of De Jong ever since it was confirmed Erik ten Hag would be their new manager. The Dutch duo previously worked together at Ajax, achieving success there and helping the team reach the semi-finals of the Champions League in 2019. Over the weekend, reports suggested that United were wasting their time with De Jong said to be eager to stay at Barcelona. Yet the Telegraph say that the Red Devils have been given assurances that the 25-year-old is willing to join. Club insiders have stressed United wouldn’t be putting so much resource and effort towards a deal if they thought there wasn’t a chance of landing their man. The report says United’s deal for De Jong is currently being held up due to money owed to the player. Man Utd transfers: The mouthwatering XI to tackle Brighton with 5 new signings Barcelona need to pay De Jong £17million in deferred wages and bonuses, while the 25-year-old is set to return to training with the La Liga giants today. United have a ‘broad agreement’ with Barcelona to pay them an initial £55m with an extra £16m in bonuses. The Catalan giants are primed to use the money to go on a deal for Robert Lewandowski, who is eager to swap the Allianz Arena for the Nou Camp. And there’s also an update on Cristiano Ronaldo which is due to be delivered today, too. Ten Hag will face the media at a press conference ahead of United’s pre-season friendly against fierce rivals Liverpool in Bangkok. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Man Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leave Man Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong And he’s set to be grilled on Ronaldo, who is keen to leave the Red Devils behind to play for a team in the Champions League. Chelsea have emerged as frontrunners to land the Portugal international, though United would be reluctant to sell to a direct rival. Bayern Munich have also been linked, only for director Oliver Kahn to shut down speculation over a blockbuster move for Ronaldo. And while there’s a sense United would sell for the right price, they’re publicly adamant Ronaldo won’t be going anywhere. Regarding De Jong, he could be about to become the club’s 10th import from La Liga. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. Ole Gunnar Solskjaer signed Raphael Varane from Real Madrid last year, with Eric Bailly arriving under Jose Mourinho in 2016. Louis van Gaal turned to Spain to secure deals for the likes of Ander Herrera, Angel Di Maria and Victor Valdes. And, under Sir Alex Ferguson, the Red Devils landed the likes of Jordi Cruyff, Quinton Fortune, Ricardo, Gerard Pique and David De Gea. Meanwhile, speaking recently to The Metro, Gary Pallister expressed a belief De Jong would be a good addition to United. “Barcelona know how desperate United are to bring in players,” Pallister added. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “They are going to push to the nth degree to get whatever money they can and that is the case whenever United come knocking. “They are still seen as one of the richest clubs in the world. “Hopefully they can get that deal done, de Jong is at the right age, has plenty of experience and is the type of player that can really express himself at a place like United. “He is used to the pressure and the spotlight having been at Barcelona so he would certainly tick a box. “Midfield has been an area of concern.” Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team