From 2010 to 2013, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge lived in the Isle of Anglesey, or Ynys Môn, while William worked a search and rescue pilot with the Royal Air Force (RAF). The RAF’s Welsh base is located just outside the tiny village of Y Fali, on Anglesey’s west coast, and it was near here that the Cambridges settled during their stay on the island. The Royal Family doesn’t have any properties in North Wales, but the couple were allowed to live on the Bodorgan Estate, owned by an aristocratic family that owns multiple homes across Anglesey. The property, situated just outside the village of Bodorgan, is said to be Prince George’s first home, as well as William and Kate’s first shared home. The couple were not yet engaged when William was stationed on Anglesey in 2010, but Kate joined her boyfriend at the time. Located in a remote area between forest and sea, the house on the Bodorgan Estate is a white-stoned farmhouse boasting incredible views. Thanks to its rural setting, the couple were afforded some privacy and Kate was even able to go about her daily routine on the island. READ MORE: How to make your garden quieter - 7 ways to block out noisy neighbours Locals at the time would see her shopping in Waitrose in Menai Bridge, or picking up dog food in a pet shop in Llangefni. However, an isolated area’s peace and quiet can sometimes leave room for loneliness. Almost a decade after she and William had left Anglesey, Kate seemed to suggest she had felt lonely while living there. While visiting a children’s centre in Cardiff in 2020, the Duchess said: “I was chatting to some of the mums, I had just had George and William was still working with search and rescue, so we came up here when George was a tiny, tiny little baby, in the middle of Anglesey. DON'T MISS:How to stop house flies invading your home - including 80p deterrent [REVEAL]‘Easy to grow plants’ to deter ‘destructive bugs’ without ‘toxins’ [ANALYSIS]Should I deadhead lavender? Top tips for your lavender plant [INSIGHT] “It was so isolated, so cut off, I didn’t have my family around me, he [William] was doing night shifts, so if only I’d had a centre like this at a certain time.” Meanwhile, William has shared his and his wife’s happy memories of Anglesey, saying: “This island has been our first home together, and it will always be an immensely special place for us both. “Catherine and I look forward to returning again and again over the coming years with our family. “I know that I speak for Catherine when I say that I have never in my life known somewhere as beautiful and as welcoming as Anglesey.” But what was Kate and William’s first home like inside? Named Bodorgan Hall, the property is a four-bedroom former farmhouse with a roof made of Welsh slate and white-washed stone walls. It is bright and airy with multiple large windows showing off a beautiful view of the surrounding Newborough Forest and the Irish Sea. Notable rooms include a dining room with a large oak table, huge bay windows, and a cosy fireplace. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea There is also a dining room, a kitchen, two bathrooms, and four bedrooms. Outside, the property features a circular dovecote, a barn, big gardens, a lawn, and a deer park. The largest estate on Anglesey, Bodorgan Hall and its surrounding land, as well as the multiple properties across Anglesey which forms part of the estate, all belong to Sir George Meyrick and his wife, Lady Jean Tapps Gervis Meyrick, who is the niece of the Duke of Buccleuch. Kate and William paid only £750 a month in rent to Sir Meyrick while they lived in his property. After the couple wed in 2011, they returned to Anglesey and to Bodorgan Hall, and again after Prince George’s birth.