Amanda Owen has opened up on her "chaotic" home life following her split from husband Clive after 21 years of marriage. The Yorkshire Shepherdess, 47, spoke candidly about living in remote Upper Swaledale, revealing that despite her full on family life, she finds "peace" in the countryside. Amanda gushed over living in the remote area, hailing it for its "peace and quiet". She said: "You can lose yourself and distance yourself from everyone and everything. "Once I go out of that door to work it is back to basics." She added that her work and home life are at odds with one another, but she finds "peace" in the Yorkshire area. READ MORE: John Cleese admits regretting turning down peerage for first time Amanda went on: "My home life is busy and chaotic, but my work life is solitary. "Too much of each one is not good, but living in a remote place gives me peace and quiet," she said in an interview with The Game Fair. However, the star went on to reveal there's one thing she struggles with about living in such a remote area. Amanda recalled a recent incident where she was unable to call a vet while her mare was having a foal during a power cut. The mother-of-nine admitted it made her feel "vulnerable", but added that she found an "inner strength" to be able to deal with emergencies at Ravenseat. Luckily, Maple the foal was born without problems and she documented the experience with her social media followers. In the same interview, the star told how she likes to escape her home life struggles while enjoying nature with "childlike excitement". Amanda said when it comes to her downtime she chooses to immerse herself in nature by wild swimming or paddleboarding: "I never see anyone, it’s just me and nature. DON'T MISS... Cliff Richard grins happily for fans on grey day four of Wimbledon [UPDATE]Lady Victoria Hervey, 45, goes underwear-free in daring number [INSIGHT]R Kelly sentenced to 30 years in prison for sex abuse crimes [ANALYSIS] "I am now 47, but I still have a childlike excitement every time I swim," she added. It comes after the Yorkshire Shepherdess announced her split from husband Clive after 21 years together in a social media announcement last month. Amanda told her 513,000 followers: "Clive and I are sad to confirm that we have made the difficult decision to separate. "This hasn't been easy, but we both believe it's the right choice for the future of our family. "Although we are no longer a couple, we continue to work on the farm and co-parent together, without our number one priority the happiness and well-being of our children. "We would like to thank everyone for their support and would ask that the media please respect our privacy as we work through this difficult time. Amanda & Clive Owen," the statement ended. The couple share nine children together; Raven, Reuben, Miles, Edith, Violet, Sidney, Annas, Clemmy, and Nancy. Amanda met Clive in 1996 when she was a trainee shepherdess and was sent to his Ravenseat Farm to borrow a male sheep.