Geraldine McGuinness has been locked in a battle with a private firm who run the parking system for the council after she was rejected for a permit to park her car on the street. The Morrisons worker, from Greenock, Inverclyde, said she applied for the permit with plenty of time and provided all of the documentation that was required. But Geraldine, who lives with her husband Brian, said that only one of their applications was approved. This is despite the fact that rules stated that two of them can hold permits for the one household. The couple held a permit for the now rejected motor last year - but it did not roll over to this year. After reaching out to Inverclyde Council, Geraldine claims she received no help and was told to speak to another company who issues the permits. READ MORE: Little-known button at petrol pump that gets the exact amount of fuel The 54-year-old has now been fighting with the third-party parking company that deals with issues on behalf of the local authority. She said she had been going back and forth for weeks trying to get the permit renewed weeks before it was set to expire. Geraldine claims she wasn't offered an explanation why the application was rejected when there were no issues with their other vehicle. When she tried to press for answers, Geraldine says she was "passed around" different departments who were "all saying different things". DON'T MISSDrivers urged to be careful when switching to EVs [WARNING]UK drivers hesitant to switch to less-known electric cars like Rivian [INSIGHT]Driver furious over ‘rude’ note left on her car after parking dispute [SHOCKING] She added that she was waiting on people calling her back to resolve the situation, but hasn't heard anything. With their non-approved car parked on the street, Geraldine and Brian risk getting hit with multiple parking fines. She said: "It's been incredibly frustrating, I've followed every step and uploaded everything I need to. "I don't understand why I haven't had the issue resolved, it's certainly not for want of trying. "I've had no help in sorting this with either Inverclyde Council or the third party company, who are based in Nottingham, and I've had enough," she told the Greenock Telegraph. According to Which?, two thirds of parking tickets are overturned after an appeal. The consumer rights group advise drivers to appeal both formally and informally. If a council has not responded within 56 days of receiving an appeal letter, it must cancel the penalty charge notice and refund the clamp fee. A council spokesperson said: “No one should need to contact any other service to arrange a resident’s parking permit. “The zones, criteria and application process are published on the council website and paper versions are available in local libraries. “Any resident who meets the criteria can apply for up to two permits per household. “We would urge anyone to apply online where they can at www.inverclyde.gov.uk/environment/roads-lighting/parking-inverclyde/residents-parking-permits and if they have any difficulties to contact the company administering these direct at 01604 625673 who will be able to check the application and advise on its progress or whether it meets the criteria.” Express.co.uk have reached out to Inverclyde for a further comment.