Paramount+ is the latest streaming service to rival the likes of Netflix, Prime Video and Disney. Paramount+ launched last month with a blockbuster library that includes unmissable boxsets such as the Halo TV series, Star Trek Strange New Worlds and Yellowstone. While 2022 cinema releases like Scream and Top Gun Maverick will also be heading to Paramount+. To entice new subscribers in, Paramount+ launched with a free seven-day trial - and this has just been extended to a month's access thanks to newly available voucher codes. If you want to get an entire 30 days' worth of access to Paramount+ for free, you simply need to enter either the SHORE or NACHOS discount codes at checkout. The voucher codes were revealed by the official Paramount+ Twitter account, and have been launched to promote the releases of All Star Shore and Beavis and Butt-Head Do the Universe on Paramount+. As the name suggests, All Star Shore is a new reality show which rounds up stars from different Shore shows from around the world, such as Geordie Shore and Jersey Shore. Promoting the deal, the Paramount+ Twitter posted: "The ultimate party is HERE. The most iconic reality stars from around the world are coming together for the FIRST EVER #AllStarShore. Stream it now on #ParamountPlus. "Use promo code SHORE at sign up for a one month free trial". While Beavis and Butt-Head Do the Universe is the second Beavis and Butt-Head movie, after the 1996 hit Beavis and Butt-Head Do America. Speaking about this, the Paramount+ Twitter posted: "Beavis and Butt-Head Do the Universe is now streaming on #ParamountPlus. Use promo code NACHOS at sign up for a one month free trial." Whichever code you use, you will get full access to the Paramount+ library. And there's a wealth of content available on the service right now. Big attractions on Paramount+ right now include South Park, Frasier, the Star Trek films and TV shows as well as US boxsets like Dexter New Blood, Yellowjackets, Your Honor and Billions. That's not all though, with Top Gun Maverick - a huge box office hit this year - set to launch on Paramount+ in the future. This month plenty of new content is also getting added to Paramount+ including the new Scream movie, animated movie Rumble, and series such as The Thing About Pam (starring Bridget Jones's Renee Zellweger).