The Sky News chief editor questioned Rishi Sunak about his record as she noted the former Chancellor had been building his campaign to succeed Boris Johnson on the need for change within the party. Beth Rigby noted Mr Sunak had also been handed a fine after he was found to have breached lockdown rules by attending a gathering at a time when groups could not meet. She also noted he is currently seen as a "corrosive" figure because of his fiscal policies, questioning his chances of securing the leadership of both the party and the country.  Ms Rigby said: "You've just stood here and said Boris Johnson is a remarkable person, you don't want history to demonise him. "But the fact is, the party just ousted him on the basis of conduct, probity, and causing division. "And here you are, and I have to put it to you that you have a police fine over Partygate. "And there have been questions too over your very wealthy family avoiding paying millions of pounds in tax due to your wife being a non-dom taxpayer. Tory leadership LIVE: Boris loyalists officially back key Brexiteer as they turn on Sunak  "I know that has changed very recently. And I have to say you're an utterly corrosive figure in the parliamentary party for a big chunk of it. There are many in the party who do not want you to be Prime Minister." The question sparked some boos among the audience, but Mr Sunak insisted he was committed to taking on the criticism as he reiterated his suitability to take over in Number 10. The former Chancellor said: "I think it's important, whoever wins this election does restore trust because trust has been broken. "We need to rebuild all that with the country. It's something I'm keen to do as leader. READ MORE: Boris Johnson faces imminent confidence vote as entire Government could collapse TOMORROW  "I think I can do that, and I think it's about the conduct of Government, which is important. And you can expect that's the kind of leadership I will provide." He continued: "With regards to the parliamentary party, you can look around, you can see who's here. "What's really humbled me and given me an enormous amount of encouragement is the breadth of support from people, from all wings of the party, and that's why I believe I'm best placed to bring the party back together but also reunited the country. "Because, ultimately, that's the most important thing - we want to bring the country together." DON'T MISS:Tory leadership: Shock new Brexiteer poised to announce bid [REVEAL]Tory hopefuls spark hilarity with cringe-worthy campaign videos [VIDEO]Tory Party: Damian Green demands 'next PM has to be Tugendhat' [REPORT]