The issue of Scottish independence dominated the earlier discussions in Inverness after Fiona Bruce opened yet another weekly instalment of BBC Question Time. The 58-year-old BBC host was joined in Inverness by several passionate panellists and animated audience members. The Scottish National Party's ex-Westminster leader Angus Robertson sat alongside Scottish Tory Party chairman Craig Hoy, Labour's Shadow Social Security Secretary Pam Duncan-Glancy, Spectator editor Fraser Nelson and award-winning stand-up comedian Susie McCabe on the hour-long panel programme. During discussions about a second Scottish independence referendum, an audience member claimed the decision taken in 2016 to leave the European Union had provided Scots with a clear reason to have another say on independence. He said: “In 2014, one of the big shouts from the 'No' campaign was ‘vote 'No' if you want to remain in the European Union’ and then two years later we were dragged out against our will with a 62 percent remain vote. “Surely, that is a massive change of the goalposts and a reason for another referendum?” In 2016, less than two years after Scots voted by 55 percent to 45 percent to stay in the UK, a majority of Brits opted to cut ties with the European Union. JUST IN: BBC QT: Unionist parties slammed for dismissing calls for IndyRef2 - 'Not voting for you!' However, while a sizable majority in Scotland and Northern Ireland wanted to stay in the Brussels bloc, voters in England and Wales ultimately sided with Vote Leave's slogan to take back control. The issue of Brexit has caused great consternation for Unionists, with the University of Aberdeen's Michael Keating claiming the UK's departure from the EU has “fractured” the country. However, Spectator editor Fraser Nelson has pointed out a way in which Brexit could possibly complicate a second independence referendum. Speaking in Question Time yesterday, he said: “If there was one [a referendum] and they fight it, in the current opinion polls it would be a real struggle. “Especially, when you start to ask who pays the pensions, in what currency, how would you cope with a hard border with England which there would have to be after Brexit. READ MORE: Scots rage at Nicola Sturgeon over 2023 IndyRef2 push - 'No means no!' “Difficult questions and I don't think the SNP in its heart of hearts really wants to answer them.” Mr Fraser's comments come after months of wrangling between the UK and EU about how to deal with issues in Northern Ireland. Boris Johnson and ex-Brexit Minister Lord David Frost signed the so-called Northern Ireland Protocol amid concerns Brexit could erect a hard border on the Emerald Isle. However, in order to prevent a border on the island of Ireland, Ulster's post-Brexit trade arrangement has instead created customs checks between Great Britain and Northern Ireland. Despite Professors Nicola McEwen and Kay Hayward of the University of Edinburgh and Queen University Belfast claiming a hard border would not be necessary, Ms Sturgeon has conceded independence could pose problems on the Anglo-Scottish dividing line. DON'T MISS:Putin 'likely' ill as oligarch's wife fears it will push war further [INSIGHT]Furious French vow to COUNTER EU ally’s army plot [REACTION]Russia reacts to NATO as it intensifies attacks [ANALYSIS]