Summer on the Farm presenter Helen Skelton had her professionalism questioned by her co-star as she melted under pressure. During a cheese wheel challenge the presenter's faux pas had Martin Hughes-Games tutting with disapproval. During an episode of the Channel 5 programme, the pair were introducing the next game to take on Yorkshire's Cannon Hall Farm. Cheese bowling involving a huge wheel of the smelly stuff was where it would all go wrong for Helen as she neglected to display the product the right side up. Noting her mistake, Martin was quick to highlight to viewers and his co-star the cheese was in fact being handled incorrectly. He said: "Turn it around so they can see it, you need to be professional." READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes speaks out on ITV return 'Have to be an apology' Met with coy smiles, the British telly host quickly flipped the wheel and proceeded to explain the rules to eager participants. Struggling through some personal upset, Helen has been praised by fans for her speedy return to work after her recent separation from husband Richie Myler. The mother of three was seen in great spirits on Monday night's episode of Summer in the Farm. Jules Hudson was missing, however, and Helen will have Martin Hughes-Games to keep her company while Jules enjoys a holiday. Explaining what the viewers could expect to see from the week-long special, audiences only had one thing on their minds watching the presenter in action. Many took to Twitter to comment on how healthy and upbeat Helen appeared despite her trouble at home. @73itrocks added: "@onthefarmc5 @channel5_tv @HelenSkelton is just a delight to watch. She makes me smile. Lovely girl. So charming and full of life." @Bluestockingmum exclaimed: "@HelenSkelton - loving #SummerOnTheFarmLive, and you are looking FABULOUS. Remember, the sun WILL always come out again." DON'T MISS...Helen Skelton talks 'mischief' behind scenes of Summer On The Farm [INSIGHT]Helen Skelton showcases knife throwing skills after 'rough' split  [SPOILER]Helen Skelton praised as she returns for On The Farm after split  [INSIGHT] @Sylvialarad1 expressed: "Just watching you Summer on the Farm - so glad to see you strong, bubbly & looking well. Go, girl." Summer on the Farm follows brothers Rob and Dave Nicholson as they work on their farm, Cannon Hall. The live series is on its second run after it soared to popularity last year. Checking back in on the farm's animals, this instalment will aim to investigate what simmer means for rural communities around the UK. Presenting Countryfile since 2014, Helen is no stranger to filming outdoors. In fact, her TV life is beginning to sound a lot like her childhood, growing up on a dairy farm in the Carlisle village of Kirkby Thore. The former Blue Peter presenter has been part of Summer on the Farm since it began. Catch up with the animals of Summer on the Farm on My5 now.