Boris may be outward bluster, but those who know him, whose judgement I trust, have long spoken to me of a sensitive, even slightly shy and always lonely man inside. So he will be feeling utterly dejected. Big Dog with a Black Dog of horrible weight. Just like his hero Churchill. I am guessing he will be thinking of Churchill a lot just now. He will be hearing the jeering howls of the disgracefully disloyal Rejoiners. The people - led as ever by Blair and Co - who have schemed and schemed ceaselessly since June 2016 to reverse Brexit and to dive back gratefully into the learned helplessness, the velvet-lined shackles of powerless association with the fast collapsing EU. Self-hatred embodied. People like Heseltine crowing that "the end of Boris is the end of Brexit." And he will also hear the sad sound of silence of we Brexiteers who backed him and pushed him and rejoiced with him at the golden gift of the 2019 mandate that he has so tragically wasted, captured by the Green Blob, the Woke Blob and of course having never given himself time to recover fully from the Long Covid that so nearly did for him. We the nation have a duty of care to Big Dog at this tragic time. Why? Because it is humane for any man in such travail. Because he and he alone was able to get Brexit across the line with the brilliance of his charismatic campaigning. Because on the world stage Boris Johnson deserves the Freedom of Odesa, the streets named after him, the babies named after him in Ukraine. His tenure at No 10 may have been brief but it was - for these two great achievements - illustrious. He has achievements without compare to the dull and dangerous tenure of his predecessor Mrs May. For these great achievements we, the Ukrainians, all Europe and the Free World owe him thanks. Make no mistake. Had Johnson not backed Ben Wallace against the British securocrats - elegant thoroughbreds all from the Remainer/Declinist Foreign office stables that we described in detail in the recent Centre for Brexit Policy Grand Strategy Report - Ukraine would have lost to Putin in Days One to Four of the barbarous invasion after 24 February.  Ukrainian soldiers may have shouted "God save the Queen" as they fired N-LAW - the "fire-and-forget" anti-tank weapons which the UK supplied with no help from continental Europe by the way (the Germans forbade their air-space to the Royal Air Force to overfly with those vital weapons that saved the day), but it was Her Majesty's First Minister who deserves the credit.Therefore we have a debt of thanks to Mr Johnson and also a duty of care. What does that mean? I also guess that today he will feel as if he is staring into a blank future. That he has let people down - he did - and that he will feel all this keenly. Just so did Winston Churchill after the bloody failure of the 1915 Dardanelles naval operation and the botched landings at Gallipoli in the First World War which, as First Lord of the Admiralty (a political post) he had orchestrated. Churchill was demoted. He left the government. So keenly did he feel the responsibility of those failures that to redeem himself in his own eyes and those of others, he enlisted as an Army Officer and went to the trenches where he served on the Western Front until 1916. I am guessing that this episode may well be much in Mr Johnson's mind today. I wonder if - ever the jack-in-a-box - he may be feeling worthless and tempted to emulate Churchill and suddenly next pop up in Ukraine?And why not? President Zelensky knows the depth of his debt to his friend and so do his people. In Ukraine he is lionised, and with good cause. The war is at a critical moment.  It needs exceptional talent to keep the Free World coherent and focussed in support of the Ukrainians - to keep our finger on the see-saw so that the military balance does not tip towards Putin over the summer - starting from today.What that requires is someone in Kyiv and across the piece as Zelensky's interlocutor at NATO and with the G7. Someone who knows all the players. Someone who, when focused, has titanic energy and persuasive skill.Rightly Boris must leave No10 right now. His time is over. So this weekend let Zelensky repay his debt and request it and by next week, let the Big Dog become Special Envoy Plenipotentiary to Ukraine coordinating Free World support.