Olympic swimmer Sharron Davies, 59, says she is on the verge of financial ruin after her divisive comments on transgender athletes have led to her being “dropped” by charities and agents that she says she has worked with for decades. Sharron also claims that she has received “bullying” from “vicious trans activists” after she called for all sports to ban transgender athletes in female competitions.In a new interview, Sharron said: “There has been so much hate and bullying. It’s been very hard.  “Charities I’ve worked with for 30 years have dropped me, agents I’ve worked with for 30 or 40 years don’t use me anymore.  “The trans activists can be so vicious and malicious. They go after your work, after your brand, they attack everything.” READ MORE:Loose Women's Linda Robson stuns in swimwear snaps on hols Sharron added to You Magazine that her money is “nearly gone”, but states that she will not “back down”.She continued: “The money’s nearly gone now. But I can’t back down.  Last month, Sharron shared her support for swimming body FINA after the federation banned athletes who have “experienced any part of male puberty” from competing in female events.The mum-of-two has also called for other associations to adopt the same policy.She tweeted: “I can’t tell you how proud I am of my sport for doing the science, asking the athletes/coaches and standing up for fair sport for females.  “Swimming will always welcome everyone no matter how you identify but fairness is the cornerstone of sport.” DON'T MISSGeri Halliwell and Christian Horner in unearthed early pics[PICTURES]Paul Hollywood's admission as marriage fell apart 'Biggest mistake'[INSIGHT]Hugh Grant hits out at Priti Patel for 'inhumane' Heathrow conditions[NEWS] Appearing on GB News, Sharron raged that FINA’s decision “doesn’t affect him in the slightest”.  She said: ““What I would say is Tom is male and this doesn’t affect him in the slightest, it doesn’t affect males in the slightest.“Transgender men, biological females who actually happen to carry on competing in the women’s category because they wouldn’t stand a chance to compete in the men’s category.“They don’t cause any risk to men’s sport whatsoever."