Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall has been photographed by Kate, Duchess of Cambridge at her private home of Ray Mill House to mark her 75th birthday. Kate's photo of the Duchess will appear on the front cover of Country Life magazine, which Camilla has guest-edited this month to mark her milestone birthday. Express.co.uk takes a closer look at Camilla's beloved private country residence. Ray Mill House is located in Lacock in Wiltshire, and it's just a 15-minute drive away from Prince Charles' private residence of Highgrove House in Gloucestershire. Camilla first purchased the Grade-II listed residence in the mid-1990s after she divorced her husband of more than two decades, Andrew Parker Bowles. The country manor boasts six bedrooms and a stunning garden complete with a pond. READ MORE: Queen refused Meghan and Harry's Lilibet photo plea due to health woes  The residence also has a swimming pool, stables for horses, and an elegant terrace overlooking the lush grounds. Camilla reportedly purchased the property for £850,000. She has retained her private home since marrying Prince Charles in 2005, and she is still thought to use it as a base. The Duchess' daughter Laura Lopes used the residence for her wedding reception upon marrying Harry Lopes in 2006.  Camilla is thought to adore spending her free time at the residence away from the spotlight of royal life. A source told the Daily Mail: "At Ray Mill she can sit down with a big G&T, kick off her shoes and watch Coronation Street, which Charles loathes. "She also doesn’t have to bother about how the place looks – Charles is so fussy about tidiness, while she leaves her stuff all over the place. "She doesn’t need her cushions plumped all the time." DON'T MISS:These are the UK royals who graduated from university [INSIGHT]Why Prince William may never be the Prince of Wales [EXPLAINED]Prince Charles is 'regent in all but name' as Queen scales back duties [ANALYSIS]  Camilla's official London residence is Clarence House, which she shares with Prince Charles. But the couple's beloved family home is Highgrove House in Gloucestershire, which Charles purchased in the 1980s. The couple also counts Birkhall on the Queen's Balmoral Estate as their Scottish hideaway. Llwynywermod is also the couple's Welsh home located just outside of the Brecon Beacons National Park. 