Neighbours aired its final episode on Friday evening with a peak of almost three million UK viewers tuning into Channel 5 to say goodbye to the iconic soap. As the soap came to an end after 31 years, fans were treated with a return of the many famous faces that first began their careers on the show. This included singer and actress Kylie Minogue who played Charlene Robinson (also Mitchell), where she revealed she owed a lot to her time on the show. During a Channel 5 documentary, Neighbours Made Me a Star, Kylie thanked her character Charlene for catapulting her into stardom. Casting director Jan Russ began: "She (Kylie) came in, and she was a quiet little thing, she was like a little mouse. "I looked at the monitor, and I went 'Oh, wow. There really is something special here." Kylie was introduced to Ramsey Street in an iconic Neighbours storyline, where Charlene was breaking into her own mother's home, only to be stopped by Scott Robinson (played by Jason Donovan). READ MORE: ‘No!' Naga Munchetty mortified after BBC Breakfast blunder Giggling about the scene and the iconic punch in the face, Kylie exclaimed: "I punched him. So it was a good start!" She continued: "I love Charlene, I definitely do. I think she was a really gusty character, and I guess part of me is like that! I have a lot to thank her for." Scott and Charlene may have got off to a rocky start, but their blossoming romance would become the forefront of the show, with viewers begging for more. Entertainment Editor for ITV, Richard Arnold admitted: "They had sizzling chemistry, we were throwing ourselves behind them we wanted them to be together, we couldn't stand it when they were apart." In just a few months of the pair hitting the screens, viewing figures were rivalling Coronation Street and EastEnders, with up to 15 million people watching across the showings. The thing that catapulted the show into success was due to Kylie and Jason dating in real life, making it a compulsory viewing for generations. Scott and Charlene were soon married, with their wedding becoming the most iconic and successful scene in Neighbours history. Recalling the shock, Kylie explained: "We had no concept that 20 million people were watching Scott and Charlene get married in the UK, not at all." DON'T MISS...Neighbours fans voice confusion over Kylie Minogue's appearance [INSIGHT]Neighbours smashes audience record with final episode [WATCH]Neighbours viewers in tears as Channel 5 soap finally comes to an end [INSIGHT] Whilst Kylie found success on the show, she also had another love for singing which she wanted to pursue. In the same year as the wedding, Kylie released Loco-Motion, a single that would become one of the biggest selling songs of the 80s in Australia." Kylie's second single, Lucky in Love, catapulted Kylie into worldwide stardom, with her soon making the decision to leave the soap in 1988. Her image as a pop star was deliberately based on her character on Neighbours in the hope that the millions watching Charlene would listen to her music. The last episode generated an audience of 17.5 percent and came in fourth in the overall ratings behind BBC One's The Commonwealth Games coverage and ITV's Emmerdale and Coronation Street. Midweek episodes which had been dubbed "the final week", also crept into the UK top 20 ratings, with the third to last instalment getting 837,000 viewers. UK audiences were flooded with nostalgia during an emotional Neighbours finale which saw Kylie Minogue and Jason Donovan make an epic comeback to the soap. Joining a host of stars such as Margot Robbie and Holly Valance returning to Ramsay Street for one final time. Neighbours: Final Episode is available to watch on My5.