Manchester United and Barcelona are at loggerheads when it comes to money and Frenkie de Jong, reports say. The Netherlands international is owed more than £17million deffered wages and bonuses after he agreed to help the La Liga giants during the coronavirus pandemic. Yet the two teams are at odds over who should stump up the cash. Manchester United have spent all summer long pursuing a deal for De Jong. They’ve agreed a fee with Barcelona, which is believed to be worth an initial £56million that will rise with achievable add-ons. But, according to 90min, the two clubs are on opposite sides of the fence when it comes to the Netherlands international and his owed money. Barcelona would want United, in addition to paying a fee and agreeing a salary with the 25-year-old, to cover the costs currently owed to the player and his agents. Barcelona would also accept De Jong forgetting about the debt and waiving the cash he’s entitled to as well. Yet United, for their part, think that Barcelona should pay the money. Man Utd transfers: The mouthwatering XI to tackle Brighton with 5 new signings And that’s why the deal is currently being delayed, with the Red Devils still hopeful of bringing De Jong to the club this summer. Over the weekend, reports in Catalonia claimed the Netherlands international was reluctant to move to United. Yet the publication insists that isn’t the case, with the midfielder recently holding talks with Ten Hag over a potential transfer. If United fail to sign De Jong, then it’s possible they’ll turn to three alternatives. Ruben Neves has long had admirers at Old Trafford, though Wolves would likely demand a fee close to £100m to part ways with their prized asset. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Man Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leave Man Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong For a while, it looked as though Youri Tielemans would move from Leicester to Arsenal. However, with the Belgium international still at the King Power Stadium and having just a year left on his contract, United could capitalise. And reports over the weekend have suggested the Red Devils are eyeing Leandro Paredes, with talks ‘ongoing’ over a deal. One player who is seen to join United imminently, however, is Christian Eriksen. Few thought the Denmark international would ever play football again after suffering a cardiac arrest at the European Championships last year. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. But Eriksen has played on, shining at Brentford with four assists and one goal from 11 league matches last year. The Bees have been hopeful of keeping hold of the 30-year-old. Yet United are expected to announce Eriksen’s signing imminently, so he can then join the rest of the squad on their pre-season tour of Thailand and Australia. Regarding De Jong, he’s twice opened up on links to United amid uncertainty over his Barcelona future. In May, he said: “I used to be reckless when I was asked about other clubs, that time has passed. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “I can’t say anything about that but I prefer to stay at Barcelona. “I have already said it before, Barcelona are the club of my dreams since I was little. “If other clubs call I will take the call, of course. It is something that is always done.” Then, in June, he stated: “You are always flattered when teams show interest in you as a player. "But I think I am at the biggest club in the world at the moment, I feel fine there, so no news." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here