Cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, became famous after sharing her cleaning tips and recommendations on social media and TV. The cleaning enthusiast has managed to gain more than 4.5 million followers on Instagram. Now, fans of hers have created their own social media groups dedicated to cleaning and tidying tips, which include how to fix rough and crunchy towels. Posting on Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, one woman asked for advice on how to get her towels “soft and fluffy” again. Jackie McCulloch wrote: “Hi, has anyone got ideas on how to get towels soft and fluffy again please?” The reason towels become less absorbent as they used to be and why they feel more like cardboard than the fluffy towels you want to be wrapping yourself in when you step out of the bath or shower is because more than likely homeowners are using too much washing detergent. When too much is used, it can build up in the fibres of the towel and will gradually make them less fluffy and more rough. READ MORE: House prices reach ‘record high’ as properties for sale remain low This will also mean that they’re not as absorbent as they once were. Non-fluffy towels are “super easy” to fix though, says Mrs Hinch fans. Homeowners just need one “key ingredient” they’ll probably already have in their kitchen cupboard – white vinegar. Lindsey Stewart said: “Rough and crunchy towels are super easy to fix, all you need is white vinegar. My holy grail cleaning product. DON'T MISS: Homes Under the Hammer buyer boosts property value by just £11k [INSIGHT]Home decor features that ‘decrease’ property value by £14,000 [EXPERT]I tested a 10p hack to clean my greasy cooker hood filter - so easy! [TIPS] “It’s the key ingredient to getting soft and fluffy towels. “Just add a cup of the liquid to the drum with nothing else.” Neil Nagel suggested: “Use vinegar with a cycle and they will be soft. Don’t worry it won’t smell like vinegar.” David Thomas shared: “My wife puts half a cup of white vinegar in the softener drawer and they're lovely and soft.” READ MORE: How to clean your mattress and ‘kill’ dust mites using baking soda Elaine Dooley advised: “Wash the towels without detergent when they stop being soft. They will come out clean. “There will be a build up of detergent in the towels clogging the fibres. “Just use white vinegar and line dry and fluff up in the tumble drier for a few minutes.” Kate Hooper added: “After washing, put the machine on for more rinses. “Put a squirt of white vinegar in for the first rinse and nothing for the last.” Many Mrs Hinch fans warned against ever using fabric softener to wash towels. Natasha Waterfield said: “Don’t use softener, just wash and put on the line.” Beverly English commented: “Do not use fabric softener, just put white vinegar in the rinse cycle. I have done this for many years, works very well and much cheaper.” Wendy McCullock wrote: “I used a double rinse on my wash. They come out soft and clean. Don't use fabric softener as it coats items and attracts dirt.” Gail Spitler added: “Don't use fabric softener on towels.”