Alexander, who portrays the manipulative Allan Christie in Outlander, will star as bohemian Charles Lockhart in the second series of Sanditon. Ahead of the series returning to ITV, the actor spoke about he “never” gets roles like Charles and how happy he was to only have one dance sequence. Alexander said of his favourite element of the role: “I love the stereotype and the trope of period dramas with good leading men with their white shirt, Darcy sort of thing. “I was thrilled because I never get these roles really. “Charles would sort of rock the white billowing shirt even though he was a portrait artist and I got to have those those period drama Austin type you know, romantic leading moments.” Speaking to press including Express.co.uk, the actor shared he was “lucky” to be roped into just one dance. READ MORE: Amanda Owen speaks out on new role ‘Jumped at the chance’ “I was very lucky as I had one dance because I found one dance,” he laughed. “All the ballroom scenes were so beautifully done. “The professionals, we have so many, we are lucky. “Lucky for me and for Crystal, who plays Georgiana, we only had to do one dance. “Thank god, thank god for everyone!” Alexander’s character Charles is a newcomer to Sanditon for series two and the actor is certain fans will love the move away from Charlotte Heywood’s (played by Rose Williams) romance with Sydney Parker (Theo James). He explained: “I feel like that season one is its own entity, because it's sort of the gap between season two and the fact that Theo James is no longer with us, I feel like season two and season three have opened it up in a much more different way. DON'T MISS...Why did Mark Stanley leave Sanditon as Lord Babington? [INSIGHT]Why did Theo James leave Sanditon as Sidney Parker? [UPDATE]How many episodes are in Sanditon season 2? [EXPLAINER] “And still keeping the same characters in the same storylines, but obviously there's less episodes in the season. “I feel like new the bunch still fill season two and season three, they filled season two with new romantic leads, new blood and giving it a different sort of energy. “I think I love watching season one but I feel season two, season three feels like a sort of side office. “But I love my time on the show.” Alexander’s character of Charles is described as a “striking and flamboyant” Byronic artist. He arrived to paint portraits of Sanditon’s fashionable and wealthy residents - but is there more to him than meets the eye? Alexander said at the time of his casting: “I am over the moon to be joining this wonderful show. “Charles is a mad, hedonistic character who shakes up Sanditon and I can’t wait to play him and for you all to meet him.” Sanditon airs on ITV on Friday at 9pm while Outlander airs on Starz in the US and StarzPlay in the UK.