Yellowstone fans were thrilled to hear the Taylor Sheridan franchise will be expanding even further with yet another prequel. Following the successful release of 1883, a new prequel is in the making. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the upcoming project. On February 15, Paramount+ announced more episodes of the prequel 1883 will be airing later this year. At the same time, the network ordered to series another prequel titled 1932, which was later renamed 1923. This time, the spin-off will follow a new generation of the Duttons during the time of western expansion. Fans will be taken back to the days of the Great Depression. 1883 executive producer David C Glasser said in a statement: "Taylor Sheridan has put roots down for the Dutton Family tree that stand strong and tall, with many branches that continue to engage record-breaking audiences. READ MORE: Mo Brings Plenty nationality: Where is the Yellowstone star from? “It is awe-inspiring to work with Taylor, ViacomCBS and the entire team on this universe.” Paramount Plus has announced 1923 will premiere in December 2022. As the new spin-off is likely to be set in a different era, fans can expect an entirely new cast. The series is not a direct follow on, or season two, of the 1883 series. In June 2022 the show was renamed to reflect the themes it will include as Montana became the first state to repeal prohibition in 1926. READ MORE: Yellowstone plot hole: What happened to the dinosaur bones story? Tanya Giles, chief programming officer at ViacomCBS Streaming, said: "The incredible storytelling and stellar performances behind 1883 have fueled phenomenal new records for Paramount+. "Promoting the series through linear sampling on the Paramount Network during their latest record-breaking season of Yellowstone further enabled us to introduce Sheridan's loyal audience to this fantastic new series. "We look forward to bringing fans even more of the Duttons' origin story." DON'T MISS... Yellowstone season 5: John Dutton’s arrest sealed as star teases jail [INSIGHT] Jacki Weaver partner: Who has the Yellowstone actress dated? [EXPLAINER] Jacki Weaver children: Does the Yellowstone star have children? [INSIGHT] Fans may not know much about the new series but they have already taken to Twitter to express their excitement. Timothy Lombard said: "Fantastic show with great writing & acting, should be an easy win for award season." Jasonralphfans added: "Imagine writing 3 shows in one year that were so successful that the network gives you FIVE more shows at once. I’m so f*****g happy for Taylor." [Sic] Evan said: "Woah! #Yellowstone 1983 gets a second season AND another spin off, 1932 has been ordered! Gotta get on this series ASAP." [Sic] READ MORE: Yellowstone season 5 release date, cast, plot: When is it out? Adela Garcia Duncan said the update was music to her ears. She said: "I was literally about to comment to #1883 to please follow the new generation." Yellowstone season five has also officially been given the go-ahead for The Paramount Network. The news comes after details of Sheridan's other spin-off series, 6666. He is also working on Mayor of Kingstown, Lioness and Bass Reeves.  Yellowstone 1923 will air on Paramount+ later this year.