Eddie Howe may have to change his plans as a deal to sign Reims striker Hugo Ekitike appears to have fallen through. And Newcastle have now asked to be 'kept informed' of Armando Broja's situation at Chelsea as they look to bring in a new striker. Newcastle thought that they were on the verge of signing Ekitike from Reims this summer, after the 20-year-old enjoyed a breakthrough year with the French side. But according to The Athletic, the deal to bring the striker to Newcastle is now off. A fee of around £25million was initially discussed for the youngster, who was set to sign a five-year deal at St James' Park as the Saudi spend continues on Tyneside. The frameworks of an agreement with Reims are still alive, and personal terms are unsurprisingly not at issue. But the report states that the representatives of the forward are making excessive demands, and now Newcastle could abandon the deal in favour of Chelsea striker Broja. JUST IN: Premier League's nine worst ever transfers as Lukaku leaves Chelsea  Broja was one of the standout loan stars last season, and impressed during his time at Southampton. The Albanian striker scored six goals for the Saints, and has since been linked with moves to West Ham and Everton as his long-term future at Stamford Bridge remains unclear. It is not yet known whether Broja will be in Thomas Tuchel's plans next season, as the German has already assured Conor Gallagher that he will be given a chance, but there is so far no word on the Albanian. And with the club targeting high-profile replacements for Romelu Lukaku, it suggests that Broja will not be given a whole lot of game time.   Chelsea could cash in on their star, and Newcastle want to be informed of any stance so that they can ponder a move. The Magpies made huge improvements last season, but with Chris Wood struggling and Callum Wilson always prone to injury, they need more firepower. That's not to mention the fact that they only scored 44 goals last season, a record that was padded out after they made a host of January signings. Reports have suggested that a fee in the region of £30m could tempt Chelsea, meaning that it's only a slight bump on the fee Newcastle were willing to pay Reims for Ekitike. And with some Premier League experience under his belt, it could also be a sensible decision by Howe. Newcastle will surely bring in a new no.9 for the season ahead, but they're still weighing up their options. 