Keir Starmer claimed this was a "good week" for Labour after Boris Johnson was forced into quitting Number 10 following an avalanche of resignations from his Government. The Labour leader also saw the risk of having to resign himself evaporate after Durham Police found no reason to fine him or deputy leader Angela Rayner over the Beergate row. But ITV News' deputy political editor Anushka Asthana noted Conservatives still view him as "more beatable" than others regardless of Prime Minister Johnson's incumbent departure.  Ms Asthana said: "You see this as a good result. But Conservatives MPs tell me they see it as a good result, too. "Because they think you are more beatable than some of your Labour colleagues. What do you say to that? The Labour leader however dismissed speculation about his chances and insisted Labour has now a "belief" it can establish the next British Government. Sir Keir said: "On the position of where we're at as the Labour Party, I've had no end of people telling me in 2020, when I took over the Labour Party, it was impossible to get from where we landed in 2019 to the prospect of a Labour Government. JUST IN: 'YOU made our lives harder f*** you!' Remoaner Femi explodes at Brexiteers in BBC QT fury "I didn't believe it, we've pressed on, we've had really good local elections results." He continued: "We had a fantastic swing in Wakefield, so I block out the noise, we plough on. If there was a general election, this Government will fall, and we've got a plan for the country. "We've got a fresh start, and I'm not going to listen to the noises off that for two years have been telling me this is impossible. "We've proven it's possible. What's happened now is not just a hope of a Labour Government, it's a belief." READ MORE: 'I'm in charge here!' Fiona Bruce loses it with Remoaner Alastair Campbell in QT clash During his speech, Sir Keir said that he would move to bring about a national election using a vote of confidence in Boris Johnson next week unless the party acted to remove him earlier. The Prime Minister Thursday said he will resign when a new Conservative Party leader is selected, with more details on the timetable to be laid out next week by the Conservative Party's 1922 Committee. Asked if he was pushing for a vote of no confidence next week to trigger a general election, the Labour leaders said "yes" and insisted the Tories should remove Johnson now rather than waiting for the next permanent leader.  He said: "The duty is on the Conservative Party to do the right thing, and obviously there are meetings early next week with the '22 committee. "So it's for them to do the right thing. "If they don't we will step up with a vote of no confidence." Boris Johnson's Government was sunk into a crisis after Number 10 failed to promptly clarify his awareness of allegations made against former deputy chief whip Chris Pincher. After confirming he had indeed been informed about the claims, Mr Johnson saw Chancellor Rishi Sunak and Health Secretary Sajid Javid resign. They were later followed by 55 others between ministers, envoys and parliamentary private secretaries (PPSs) before the Prime Minister agreed to stand down.