Alexandre Lacazette could be forced to miss Lyon’s pre-season clash with Feyenoord on Sunday after he was attacked by wasps during his team’s training camp in the Netherlands. Lacazette enjoyed a five-year spell at Arsenal but departed north London to return to France when his contract expired earlier this summer. Lyon opened their pre-season campaign with a 4-2 victory over FBBP earlier this month, before facing Dynamo Kyiv twice in back-to-back friendlies three days later as they lost 3-1 to the Ukrainians in the first encounter before winning the second one 3-0. And on Saturday, the French giants were defeated 3-0 by Anderlecht in a fourth friendly. Lyon headed to the Netherlands on Monday to continue their preparations for the new Ligue 1 season. But disaster struck when Lacazette was the victim of a dozen wasp bites in a Netherlands forest, according to L’Equipe. And he isn’t certain to play on Sunday. Lacazette’s new team-mate Moussa Dembele was also attacked by the wasps but reacted better and was present at training on Thursday. So it remains to be seen how quickly Lacazette can recover. JUST IN: Tottenham and Arsenal in driving seat as Zaniolo swap deal rejected    Lacazette came through the Lyon academy and scored 129 goals in 274 games for the team before moving to Arsenal in 2017 for £46.5million, which was a club record at the time. The 31-year-old’s maiden campaign in north London coincided with Arsene Wenger’s last as manager. And the striker bagged 17 goals in all competitions. He improved on that tally during his second season in England as he found the back of the net 19 times. And five of those strikes came in the Europa League as Arsenal lost to Chelsea in the 2018/19 final. DON'T MISSMan Utd boss Erik ten Hag can sign very own Darwin Nunez for cut-price £45m transfer feeMan City boss Pep Guardiola sets record straight on 'Neymar swap deal offer' from PSGArsenal decide next two signings after agreeing Oleksandr Zinchenko transfer deal     Lacazette continued to impress throughout his Arsenal career but wasn’t always a regular starter after Mikel Arteta took over from Unai Emery at the end of 2019. And last season he also wasn’t favoured until Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang left the club to join Barcelona. The Gunners were keen to keep Lacazette at the club before his time at the Emirates Stadium came to an end. But the France international refused to sign a new contract. And as his time in England drew to a close, Arteta said: “Laca has been a fantastic player for us. He's been a real leader on and off the pitch and has been a very important influence to our younger players. His commitment with us has been exceptional and we wish him and his family success and happiness.” 