This week saw a stunning victory for the Lionesses with the team beating Sweden 4-0. Excitement is building for their match this Sunday against Germany with the Duke of Cambridge himself telling the squad the “entire country is proud” of them. But Prince William is yet to attend any of the women’s matches himself —  but this is about to change this weekend. It has now been confirmed that Prince William and Kate will be taking a seat at the 87,000-capacity Wembley stadium to watch the sold-out match this weekend. An FA source told MailOnline that the Royal couple were also considering bringing seven-year-old Princess Charlotte along with them. The Duke of Cambridge visited the women’s football team at St George’s Park, “the home” of England’s teams in Staffordshire, last month. While there, Prince William revealed Princess Charlotte begged him to tell the Lionesses that she is a football fan, much like her elder brother George. Prince William was gifted personalised shirts for his three children with their names and ages adorned on the back.     He told the team: “Charlotte wants me to tell you she’s really good in goal – a budding star for the future. She said please can you tell them that and I said ‘ok, I’ll tell them’.” Prince William also told England's women’s captain, Leah Williamson, that George is a member of a local team and is “very competitive”. Last year, William and Kate took nine-year-old Prince George to watch the UEFA Euro 2020 final —  which was delayed due to the pandemic — where England lost to Italy in a penalty shootout. Prince William attended three of the men’s Euro 2020 matches last year. Although he has not yet been to one of the Lionesses’ games, Prince William — who is the President of the Football Association — has been unwavering in his support online. Tweeting on the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge’s shared account, Prince William congratulated the team after their success on Tuesday and signed off with a “W”. He wrote: “The entire country is so proud of everything you’re achieving. We believe in you and will be with you all the way!”  READ MORE: Naga Munchetty admits concern over Lionesses Euro final Beth Mead, Lucy Bronze, Alessia Russo, and Fran Kirby each scored a goal which saw the Lionesses soar to the final. Prior to the match, Prince William had wished the team luck adding that “the whole country is behind them”. England has a historic football rivalry with Germany — although Germany is more likely to consider the Dutch or Italians as their biggest rivals. Gary Linekar, after losing the 1990 World Cup semifinal to Germany, said: “Football is a simple game: 22 men chase a ball for 90 minutes, and at the end, the Germans win.” In the 2010 FIFA World Cup, Germany's men’s team knocked England out. But then last year, during the UEFA Euro 2020, England beat Germany 2-0 after a 55-year-long wait. DON'T MISS: Man comes home to find family dog eating wife's 'mutilated' body [REPORT]Meghan Markle had 'team of 14' aides to learn royal duties [INSIGHT]Joe Biden told to 'resign and take Kamala with you'  [ANAYLSIS]  However, many are saying it is now the Lionesses who will “bring football home” as although the men’s England team also made it to the final, they lost the tournament last year. The Lionesses are now entering the final with 19 games unbeaten and each player is said to be in line to receive a £55,000 bonus if they win Sunday’s match. Nadine Kessler, UEFA chief of women's football, said: "Whoever comes out on top, England against Germany at the iconic Wembley Stadium will be one for the history books and an unforgettable event for a whole generation. “For all the lucky ones who have a ticket for the final, we are looking forward to seeing you at Wembley, breaking another attendance record and supporting your team!" The UEFA Women's EURO 2022 final will kick off on the BBC at 5pm.   