The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are expected to be in New York today to celebrate the historic anti-apartheid activist and former President of South Africa, Nelson Mandela. Prince Harry is delivering the keynote address during a two-hour-long informal meeting of the General Assembly plenary, which is today marking Nelson Mandela International Day, the UN announced on their website. The day was established by the UN's General Assembly in 2009 to honour Mr Mandela's life and legacy. Then 91, the South African leader asked people to celebrate him by supporting their communities. The session will begin at 3pm BST (10am EST) and will also feature remarks made by Deputy Secretary-General Amina J. Mohammed and the President of the General Assembly, Abdulla Shahid. During the two-hour-long event, the 2020 UN Nelson Mandela Prize will be awarded to Mrs Marianna V. Vardinoyannis of Greece and Dr Morissanda Kouyaté of Guinea. This prize is handed out every five years and recognises people who have dedicated their lives to the service of humanity. The special event held at the UN headquarters in New York will focus on the theme of taking action and inspiring change. In his speech, Prince Harry is expected to speak about the important legacy of the South African leader, who spent 27 years in prison due to his fight against segregationist policies suffered by non-white citizens in his country. South Africa’s UN mission said his remarks "will be around the memories and legacy of Mandela and what has been learned from his struggle and his life that can help us face the new challenges in the world today". READ MORE: Prince Harry planned to ‘rewrite Palace rulebook’ - author claims A mission diplomat said the world still faces the same challenges experienced by the South African leader during his life, including racism and racial intolerance, the divide between the rich and poor, hunger and food insecurity. Meghan and Harry visited South Africa together with their son Archie Harrison in late September and early October 2019, which later became their last-ever tour as working royals. On the final leg of their trip, the pair met Mr Mandela's wife Graça Machel during a reception at the residence of the British High Commissioner. The trio drank tea and discussed the Sussexes' experience in the African continent during their 10-day tour. Ms Machal said: "It's wonderful meeting you. I’m sure we're going to be working together in the future. I can feel the vibe." Prince Harry's mother, late Princess Diana, met Mr Mandela in March 1997, five months before being involved in a car crash in Paris which claimed her life. Diana hadn't been the only member of the Royal Family to have met the South African leader. The Queen is known to have enjoyed a warm friendship with Mr Mandela. According to his former personal assistant Zelda la Grange, Her Majesty and Mr Mandela were on a first-name basis. In her memoir Good Morning, Mr Mandela, Ms Grange recalled: "I think he was one of the very few people who called her by her first name and she seemed to be amused by it." Today's speech at the UN by Prince Harry follows a visit paid by the Sussexes to the UN headquarters last September, when they held a meeting with Ms Mohammed. The Deputy Secretary-General said they had discussed "how to engage on issues we care about deeply" - including vaccine equity, climate action, the economic empowerment of women, youth engagement and mental wellbeing. Meghan and Harry were photographed leaving the building ahead of their attendance at the Global Citizen concert in Central Park. At the event, Meghan and Harry took centre stage to call on wealthier countries and pharmaceutical giants to act in favour of COVID-19 vaccine equality. While the Duke will deliver the speech today, the Duchess had already addressed the UN on International Women's Day in 2015, after she was appointed UN Women Advocate for Women’s Leadership & Political Participation. Among the people in the audience were Hillary Clinton and UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon.