Cristiano Ronaldo could be offered the chance to realise his Champions League ambitions at Napoli if he leaves Manchester United this summer, according to a new report. The Portuguese veteran has made it clear that he would like to leave Old Trafford in the coming weeks. Speculation had been rife over Ronaldo's future after United failed to qualify for the Champions League, and it now appears as though the 37-year-old, who only returned to the club last summer, is set for a swift exit from the Premier League giants. A new report from The Athletic has outlined some of the clubs that could offer Ronaldo an escape route from United this summer, and Napoli have emerged as shock contenders to acquire the former Real Madrid man's services. The thought of Ronaldo leaving the club for Napoli would have been unthinkable as recently as 12 months ago; highlighting just how badly United have declined over the past year. Bayern Munich and Chelsea would also be interested in snapping up the striker, who notched 24 goals in all competitions for the Red Devils last term. READ MORE: Chelsea 'monitoring' Frenkie de Jong as doubt cast over Man Utd agreement The Times revealed on Saturday afternoon that Ronaldo had informed the Old Trafford hierarchy that he wished to leave the club if an adequate bid is tabled, due to his desire to play Champions League football and challenge for major trophies. Ronaldo has played in the Champions League ever since he first arrived at Old Trafford from Sporting Lisbon back in 2003 and has no desire to play in the Europa League next term. Ronaldo's bombshell will come as a bitter blow to new United boss Erik ten Hag, who is bidding to revive the club's fortunes on and off the pitch after their nightmare campaign last year. But the Dutchman now looks set to lose the last season's top scorer just days after the start of pre-season. DON'T MISSChelsea 'receive response' from Juventus after 'offering two players' for Matthijs de LigtMan Utd hatch Frenkie de Jong announcement plan as transfer deal enters 'final stages'Tottenham on verge of fourth and fifth signings following double transfer breakthrough Although the club have been working hard to bolster Ten Hag's playing squad, the former Ajax chief is still working with the same group of players who slumped to a sixth-placed finish last term. It is believed that United are finally closing in on signings though, with left-back Tyrell Malacia on the verge of joining the club after United hijacked a bid from Lyon at the eleventh hour. A deal for Frenkie de Jong is also edging closer after weeks of negotiations, while United have also reportedly tabled an improved bid to Ten Hag's former club, Ajax, in a bid to snap up versatile defender Lisandro Martinez. United have also been linked with a move for Martinez's teammate, Antony - and that interest could be accelerated if Ronaldo actually does depart Old Trafford in the coming weeks.