Michelle is best known for her Emmerdale character Vanessa Woodfield, the best friend of Rhona Goskirk (played by Zoë Henry), the former lover of Charity Dingle (Emma Atkins) and the mother of Johnny Woodfield (Jack Jennings). Over the past 10 years, the character has been at the forefront of hard-hitting storylines, including discovering she had bowel cancer and her relationship with Charity. However, having been on the ITV soap for so long means the actress will have aged and despite becoming a mother only a couple of years ago, viewers might be shocked to learn how old she is. It seems Michelle's character Vanessa is younger than her by just a few weeks as they are both currently 46 years old. Whereas Michelle is the older of the two, having been born on February 26, 1979, her alter-ego is the younger one having been born on March 7, 1976. With the actress shaving a youthful glow, some viewers might be mistaken to think she is much younger than she really is. Unlike some of her co-stars who started acting when they were much younger, it wasn't until the soap star turned 19 years old that she had her big break. To land a career in acting, Michelle studied at the Performing Arts at Park Lane College in Leeds and then attended Scala Performing Arts, which was also in Leeds. READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Beloved stalwart exits after proposal One of her first roles included playing a character called Sandra in the long-running ITV drama, Heartbeat, but this wouldn't be the only person she would play in the show. In 2002, she took on the role of Lesley Sutton and a year later, she would play someone else called Lizzie Hopkirk before having an extended run as this character on the spin-off show, The Royal. Michelle was a hit with viewers in this role and she continued to play the character until the programme ended in 2011. The actress also had two starring roles on Coronation Street as in 1997, she played Sheila Dixon and just a year later, she would play Naomi Russell. She also ventured over to Channel 4 for a minor role as DI Parker in another weeknight serial drama, Hollyoaks. It wouldn't be until she was 36 years old that she secured her role as Vanessa on Emmerdale, who was introduced as Rhona's friend from college. Although many of the more mature cast members were introduced when they were in their 20s, Michelle's arrival took just a bit longer. Nevertheless, she was still a firm favourite with viewers the moment she made her debut in the most famous village in Britain. Speaking about joining the cast 10 years ago, the soap star said: "As a local girl and a fan of the show, Emmerdale is my dream job. "After only two days, I am starting to feel at home already and Vanessa is such a fun character. I can't wait to see what's in store for her." DON'T MISS...Emmerdale star Charley Webb accused of 'dressing like a teenager' [COMMENT]Emmerdale’s Jay Kontzle stunned as wife unveils third pregnancy [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Gemma Oaten forced to have ‘all her top teeth removed’ [COMMENT] In 2020 and having turned 44 years old, the actress took maternity leave from the show as she had fallen pregnant with her first child. This was through IVF as she and her wife, Kate Brooks, who is also a producer on the drama, were ready to start a family. The couple got married in 2019 after going official with their relationship on social media just a year before. Less than 12 months later their son, Teddy, was born after the soap star became the person to carry the couple's child. Although they used a sperm donor, it was actually Kate's egg which was used to create the embryo that Michelle would then carry. Since having her son, Michelle has spoken about what it feels like to be a mother and whether she would ever let Teddy meet his biological father. Michelle explained: "When Teddy is 18 years old, he can find out who his dad is and we’d massively back him. "I’d love to meet him just to say, ‘Thank you so much for allowing us to be parents and giving us the most beautiful little boy.'" It seems the couple are not ready to stop at one as they have discussed the prospect of expanding their family in the future. The actress revealed to OK! Magazine: "We’d definitely love Teddy to have a brother or sister. And if we’re lucky enough, fantastic – for him as well, not just for us.” Opening up about the IVF journey especially, Michelle wrote on social media to raise awareness of what the process is like. Captioning some images of her and her wife with Teddy, the soap star posted: "From the initial injections to the transfer of Kate’s egg to me, it’s been a rollercoaster of emotions, but one we wouldn’t change for the whole world. "We were extremely lucky that it worked the first time, as we know the journey can be a lot harder for some. "So whatever stage you are at with your fertility treatment, try and stay strong and stay positive. Teddy, you made it all worthwhile #youarenotalone #nationalfertilityawarenessweek." Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.