The regulator told gas and electricity firms to take “immediate and urgent action” after a range of weaknesses or failings in the way they charge customers direct debits was exposed. Five suppliers – Ecotricity, Good Energy, Green Energy UK, Utilita Energy and TruEnergy – had moderate to severe weaknesses ranging from inadequate processes to an overall lack of a structured approach. UK Energy Incubator Hub, which has ceased trading, also had severe weaknesses and lacked a consistent and structured approach to setting direct debits. Justina Miltienyte, head of policy at Uswitch.com, said: “Suppliers have a responsibility to make sure that direct debits accurately reflect customers’ energy use." “At a time when customers are paying close attention to their bills, it is more important than ever that the processes setting the direct debit levels are robust. "Half a million households have seen their direct debits double - another reminder of the challenging landscape consumers are facing. “With winter just around the corner when both the price cap and household energy will increase, this is definitely not a job done. “Ofgem should continue with proactive regular reviews for at least the next six months to give customers some reassurance.” Rocio Concha, director at the consumer group Which?, added: "The cost of living remains consumers' number one priority, yet Which? has heard concerning stories of consumers having their energy direct debits miscalculated or increased by huge amounts. “Our research also shows many customers are struggling to understand their bills and pricing. "It's encouraging to see the regulator taking action over poor performance and Ofgem should not hesitate to impose penalties on any suppliers that fail to make the necessary improvements.” Out of a total of 17 large suppliers in the market, the majority were found to only have minor issues. Suppliers with no significant issues found were British Gas, EDF, ScottishPower and So Energy. The second group, with minor weaknesses, consisted of Bulb, E.ON, Octopus Energy, Outfox the Market, Ovo, Shell and Utility Warehouse. Ofgem said that, as a result of the “initial snapshot” of findings, the suppliers affected will now have to submit action plans within two weeks to set out how they will take the required action. Suppliers must adjust any miscalculations, including making repayments if needed, and consider whether a goodwill payment is warranted. The review found that more than seven million energy consumers on a standard variable tariff saw an increase in their direct debits between February and April 2022. On average, direct debit levels for customers on an SVT increased by 62 percent in this period, most of this reflecting the increased cost of gas. Ofgem chief executive Jonathan Brearley said: “We know how hard it is for energy customers at the moment so it’s crucial that the amount they pay each month in direct debits is right so they can manage their money. “Suppliers must do all they can, especially during the current gas crisis, to support customers and to recognise the significant worry and concern increased direct debits can cause. “It’s clear from these findings on direct debits that there are areas of the market where customers are simply not getting the service they need and rightly expect in these very difficult times." “Bringing down the price of gas is not in Ofgem’s control; however, we will do all we can to have a fair system and ensure suppliers look after their customers.” Dhara Vyas, deputy director of Energy UK, which represents suppliers, said: “Steep rises in energy bills have meant big increases in direct debit payments, which can also be triggered by changes in tariffs, high debit balances or an updated meter read." “Suppliers are required to set direct debits at a level that allows the customer to pay the same amount each month, without running up too much credit and or getting into too much debt, basing this on each customer’s individual circumstances." “Doing this at a time when energy bills are rising rapidly can be challenging, so it’s important that all suppliers’ processes are as robust as possible so that customers can be confident these are being set fairly.”