First Minister Nicola Sturgeon will have been hoping that Prime Minister Boris Johnson's resignation could somehow boost her push for a referendum on independence. But leadership contenders are already pouring water on her hopes of a vote in 2023. Conservative Party heavyweights Jeremy Hunt and Sajid Javid, who are both vying to replace Mr Johnson, said yesterday that while they were not ruling out another referendum forever, there would be no new vote until the 2030s. An ally of Penny Mordaunt, another leadership favourite, vowed that she would “stop” Ms Sturgeon’s drive for a referendum should she become Prime Minister. Ms Sturgeon has argued for years that Scotland would be better off out of the UK as an independent nation and member of the EU. But one area where the Scottish National Party (SNP) have been scrutinised heavily is the economy. James Heywood, an economy expert from the Centre For Policy Studies, told Express.co.uk that independence will lead to higher prices and higher taxes for Scots. He said: "There's obviously good reasons why the UK is by far Scotland's biggest trade partner for exports and imports. "So it (independence) would mean higher prices for Scottish consumers, more red tape for Scottish businesses doing business across the border and ultimately trade is a good thing. It allows for specialisation, it means you can get the best prices. "Less trade is always bad for any economy – at the end of the day, Scotland being part of the same country as its main economic partner is a major benefit. "There's no getting away from the fact that there would be trade barriers. Technically Scotland could just say 'we will have an agreement which involves us abiding by all of the UK's rules'. "But then the question would arise 'What's the point of Scottish independence?'" The UK economy is already struggling with a cost of living crisis, and Mr Heywood believes that a second inflation spike could occur in an independent Scotland. He added: "I would assume that Scotland becoming fully independent would be several years down the line, so in that sense it's possible that the heightened inflation we are going through now might have gone by then. READ MORE: Scottish independence EU will have 'significant control' over economy "But we certainly don't know that, and if they are talking about having a vote soon, those sorts of things will still be on the agenda if there is a vote for independence. "If there is a vote on independence there will be an immediate period of uncertainty for businesses because while they won't necessarily become independent or have new trade barriers, they won't know what sort of rules they will be facing over the long term or when they will come in." As the country prepares for a change of leadership, another independence advocate believes that Mr Johnson's departure will hurt the push for a referendum. Alex Salmond, a former ally of Ms Sturgeon who now leads the Alba Party, said that Mr Johnson’s departure from Downing Street could derail the SNP’s “confused” campaign for Scottish independence. DON'T MISSSturgeon impending disaster — UK-breakaway could spark inflation spike [INSIGHT]Nicola Sturgeon and Ian Blackford slammed over pension claims [ANALYSIS]Scotland facing EXODUS of companies after Sturgeon unveils indyref bid [INSIGHT] Writing in Holyrood magazine, Mr Salmond warned that while members of the independence movement “may be partying at the news of Johnson’s demise... the great danger of all the best parties is the hangover which can follow.” He added: “If Johnson was indeed a rallying figure for Scottish nationalism, then who will do the rallying in the post-Boris world? If the big bête noire is gone, what is to be done to progress the independence case? The national movement needs to adjust strategy right now to meet the post-Boris world.” The Scottish government is currently trying to gain the powers to hold an independence vote. Currently, only Westminster can give the go ahead – but Ms Sturgeon has used a section 30 order to try and give Holyrood the power to legislate for a referendum.