During Tuesday’s instalment of BBC’s The One Show viewers got to see Nancy speak about her time on Celebrity MasterChef alongside McFly’s Danny Jones and Chuckle Brothers legend Paul Elliott. Although it seemed as though the host didn’t have high expectations for them in the show.  The new series of Celebrity MasterChef is set to return to our screens this August with the line-up of stars competing announced earlier this year. Wanting to find out more about Nancy's culinary skills ahead of the show airing, Alex asked the lawyer-come media personality if she is good at cooking. She questioned: “I can imagine, you get a lot of takeaways. “I mean I don’t know, I’m just imagining!”   The contestant replied: “I am Italian, but I spend a lot of time in America and London so let’s say it’s not the best room [the kitchen] in the house for me. “It is not on the top of the list, my cooking.” Alex shared her excitement on the new series as she told viewers she would be watching. However, before the conversation moved on, her co-star Jermaine Jenas pointed out Alex’s comment to their guest.   He said: “Only you could get away with that you know! “‘I’m guessing you get a lot of takeaways’, No one else gets away with that, unbelievable.” Laughing, Alex replied: “We’re all thinking it! Somebody needs to say it.” Confused, Nina asked if she had said something wrong as the hosts laughed at Alex’s comment.    Jermaine replied: “No, no spot on just typical Jonsey.” Elsewhere in the interview, the hosts wanted to see how Danny and Paul’s experience on the show was. Danny was asked if there was anything he discovered that he was particularly good at making. He said: “Absolutely nothing! Basically, anything I can see in the pan I’m in control of.”   “Anything in the oven is terrible, once I can’t see it I forget about it, out of sight out of mind”, Danny admitted. Having another swipe at the guests, Alex joked: “I don’t know but I’m not feeling like we have any of the winners with us tonight.” Paul admitted that although they had fun while filming, he found it nerve-racking when presenting dishes to judges Gregg Wallace and John Torode. He said: “You feel like a naughty school kid, then you go up and present what you’ve cooked. “That’s the only time you feel a bit panicky.” The One Show continues weekdays on BBC One at 7pm  