The final two episodes of Stranger Things season four have become the streamer’s biggest release ever after just 24 hours. Unfortunately, the massive number of Netflix subscribers tuning in on Friday night caused trouble for the platform, with many fans taking to Twitter to complain about crashing servers. Hundreds of Stranger Things fans had to wait a little longer than they expected to watch this week’s epic season four finale. Episode eight, Papa, was followed by a whopping two-and-a-half-hour TV event, The Piggyback, to cap off another stellar season of the sci-fi drama. The series has already broken Nielsen records for Netflix, with an incredible 7.2 billion minutes watched within the first week of season four’s release. Netflix confirmed the record-breaking figure was reached between May 30 and June 5, securing its number one spot on the Top Ten chart. READ MORE: Escape to the Chateau’s Dick Strawbridge admits ‘not everyone’s a fit' Stranger Things’ fourth season also secured the most views for a weekend release with 286.79 million hours watched. It has beaten out other streaming hits like Tiger King, Ozark and Bridgerton. Unfortunately, the staggering number of people tuning in on Friday may have proven too much for Netflix to keep up with. Complaints about the streaming service reached its peak at around 3am Eastern Time, with over 13,000 reports logged. Thankfully, the issue was resolved within half an hour, but fans were still left frustrated by the additional wait for their Friday night binge. On Twitter, @megancnguyen. “I think Netflix is down. Everyone and their mom’s probably crashed it trying to watch Stranger Things volume two.” @yogurlroni fumed: “My villain story started when I tried to watch the first ep of volume two #StrangerThings and my Netflix crashed 40 minutes into the episode.” @amlaaar said: “The fact that Netflix crashed as soon as Stranger Things dropped shows the power/ hold this show has on the world right now is insane.” DON'T MISS:Why is presenter Matt Tebbutt not on Saturday Kitchen? [LATEST]BBC former deputy director hits out at bias attacks [OPINION]Naga Munchetty swipes co-star’s Wimbledon family connection [VIDEO] Add @ajajanea exclaimed: “Y’all b******s crashed Netflix!! “Shouldn’t y’all be out in the streets so I can watch Stranger Things?” “Imagine not being able to watch Stranger Things first cause your Netflix crashed,” @CLOUTTT56 said, adding crying emojis. “Stay up all night to watch Stranger Things’ finale and Netflix crashed,” @rzg3_ admitted. “I feel like such a loser right now.” Viewers who experienced issues were then faced with limited time to finish the season before spoilers and reveals were unleashed online. The second part of Stranger Things season four saw Eleven (played by Millie Bobby Brown) trying to get back in touch with the gang as they embark on a dangerous mission to the Upside Down. However, their fight against the sinister alternate dimension is far from over, as the Hawkins gang will return at a later date for the hit drama’s fifth and final adventure. Stranger Things seasons 1-4 are available to stream on Netflix.