Resident Evil is a survival horror video game where people and animals are turned into zombies at a genetic research facility with a special military force tasked with killing them. The game was transformed into a movie in 2002 and now the story is resurrected for Netflix. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about the cast of Resident Evil. Albert Wesker is the main antagonist in both the video game and the film. He works at the genetic facility that created the virus and in the Netflix series, he will be bringing his family to New Raccoon City so he can carry out his work. Wesker is played by actor Lance Reddick who is best known for playing Cedric Daniels in The Wire and Phillip Broyles in Fringe. He has also been in Oz, Los, the John Wick franchise and Godzilla vs Kong. READ MORE: ‘I cheated!’ Blue Bloods’ Tom Selleck speaks out on avoiding injury Jade is one of Wesker's two daughters who move to New Raccoon City in the hope of starting a new life. The series is split into two different timelines, 2022 and 2036, and in the latter, Jade looks to be part of the rebellion and fighting against the zombies. Actress Ella Balinska starred in the 2019 action comedy film Charlie's Angels as Jane Kano. Prior to this, Balinksa was in the Prime Video children's series The Athena as Nyela Malik. Jade's younger sister Billie will be by her side as they discover their dad and the zombies are out of control. Actress Adeline Rudolph is relatively new to the entertainment industry with just a couple of credits under her belt. The first was in The CW's now-cancelled Chilling Adventures of Sabrina as Agatha, before joining the cast briefly as art collector Minerva Marble in Riverdale. Her most recent work was in a podcast series called Listening In as a character called Sienna. DON'T MISS...John McEnroe shares regret over Wimbledon mistakes [EXPLAINER]Busisiwe Lurayi dead: Star of Netflix Comedy Series How to Ruin Chr... [TRIBUTE]Viewers praise Better Call Saul writer for 'crazy' episode eight [REACTION] In the original plot of Resident Evil, Evelyn Marcus was CEO of Umbrella Corporation in the 2020s It is believed she will be in a similar role when the action-horror returns as a Netflix series. Mexican actress Paola Núñez has been in The Son, The Purge and Magnum PI. She was also Manuela Cortés Santos in the Spanish version of Queen of the South, La Reina del Sur. Little is known about Yen at this stage but it is thought he is a British refugee following the outbreak of the virus. Actor Mpho Osei Tutu has been in The Jakes are Missing, Seriously Single and Mrs Right Guy. Other cast members include: Roth - Anthony Oseyemi Susana Franco - Lea Vivier Young Jade Wesker - Tamara Smart Young Billie Wesker - Siena Agudong Resident Evil premieres on Thursday, July 14, on Netflix. 