Nick Kyrgios has boldly claimed that his upcoming Wimbledon semi-final against Rafael Nadal will be the 'most-watched match ever'. The controversial Aussie ace easily overcame his quarter-final opponent Cristian Garin in straight sets on Court One on Wednesday afternoon. Meanwhile, Nadal battled through injury to beat American Taylor Fritz on a tie-break in the fifth set following an absolute epic on Centre Court. The Spaniard was still in action as Kyrgios was speaking in his post-match conference. But when asked about the prospect of the clash against his old rival, Kyrgios could not hide his excitement. "Yeah, obviously it would be pretty special to play Rafa here," he said. "We've had some absolute battles on that Centre Court. He's won one against me, and I've won one against him. "Obviously, we know we are two completely different personalities. I feel like we respect the hell out of each other, though. I feel like that would be a mouth-watering kind of encounter for everyone around the world. That would probably be the most-watched match of all time. I would argue that." There may be some doubt over whether the match will take place at all, however, given Nadal's words to the BBC immediately after defeating Fritz. The 22-time Grand Slam winner had called for a medical timeout in the second set to deal with an abdominal injury, and looked in real pain as he battled on. He told reporters: "The body in general is fine, but in the abdominal something is not going well, being honest. I had to find a way to serve a little bit different. For a lot of moments I was thinking I would not be able to finish the match but the crowd, the energy, thanks for that. "I hope to be ready to play it (against Kyrgios). Then Nick is a great player on all the surfaces but especially on grass. He's having a great grass court season. I need to be at 100 percent to keep having chances."  The encounter is sure to draw in millions of viewers from around the globe, and fireworks are almost guaranteed. Despite their friendly words now, the two have had a fiery rivalry throughout the years. After one previous match, Nadal said Kyrgios "lacks respect for the public, the rival and towards himself." In response, Kyrgios argued back: "When he wins, it's fine. He won't say anything bad, he'll credit the opponent 'he was a great player'. But as soon as I beat him, it's just like 'he has no respect for me, my fans and no respect to the game." 