Thunder flies are tiny black insects which feed on a range of plants and feed on animals - and can quickly become destructive. Also known as thunder bugs, thrips or thripids the insects have a stinger and puncture plants, fruit and animals with this to suck out the contents. Thunder flies are often attracted to flowers due to their bright colours and can kill off young flowers quickly. With temperatures having soared in recent weeks, no doubt Brits have had their windows and doors open in a bid to cool down their homes. And the recent spate of thunderstorms may have seen thunder flies appear in droves. However often this is an invitation for insects to fly in and wreak havoc. Read More: ‘Dangerous’ plants to avoid growing in gardens - ‘lovely substitute’ So how do you get rid of thunder flies from your house? First, you will need to identify the pesky bugs to ensure you use the right method. Across Britain thunder flies are tiny, growing to just one to two millimetres long. Their wings are narrow and fringed, and thunder flies have two pairs - however some can also be wingless. There are around 150 species of thunder flies native to Britain. Some species can bite, however, most are harmless and just affect plants. If you look at your plants and see silver patches or black dots - they likely have been affected by thunder flies. You may also see new growth becoming brown, curling and looking distorted. DON'T MISS‘Help to deter aphids’: Best ‘natural defence’ for tomato plants [EXPLAINED]How to stop mosquitoes entering your home with 20p natural deterrent [INSIGHT]Mrs Hinch fans share £1 hack to ‘repel’ spiders as they enter homes [PICTURES] To get rid of thunder flies, spotting them early is your best bet. Wherever you spot the bugs, apply narrow-range oil, neem oil, or insecticidal soaps. These methods will reduce the amount of thunder flies and then make getting rid of them easier. Destroy and prune any affected plants, and make sure to dispose of any cuttings. Keep any plants moist as thunder bugs do not like damp - so misting or spraying your plants is key. Vacuuming around your home is key, and adding mesh to your backdoor, windows and blocking any ways they could get in. However, if you have an infestation in your house - don’t panic! The bugs will leave as quickly as they arrived the experts say. Pest expert Chris Davis told cleankill.co.uk: “These insects will suddenly appear in large numbers just before a thunderstorm - they are quite annoying and get everywhere, including in your hair, behind picture frames, through fly screens etc... and they can scrape/irritate the skin surface. This is when we normally get a call. “They will disappear just as quickly as they have arrived unless your house is next to a field of peas/beans - which Thrips love! “There is no easy treatment as most insecticidal formulations will not adequately penetrate the cracks and crevices where the Thrips congregate.”