The 96-year-old monarch shared a photograph of her with grandson Prince George who turned nine on Friday. Her Majesty shared the snap where the young Prince is seen standing with his 96-year-old “Gan Gan” on the balcony of Buckingham Palace, taken during her Platinum Jubilee celebrations.  It was posted to the official Royal Family social media pages. The two were standing side by side and seen talking, and the Queen, even with her bold green hat, looked to be the same height as the young royal. One surprised fan commented: “The fact he's the same height though.” While others praised seeing a “great-grandmother with great-grandson together, an historic and special moment to cherish”.   Other social media users loved seeing the current monarch with the future monarch, with one comment reading: “Such a beautiful picture of Prince George with his gan gan! “So much love and respect in his eyes for her happy birthday to him!” Many royal fans praised the little Prince. Twitter user Jen Wahl tweeted: “Happy Birthday, Prince George. Quite a boy and every inch a young man to be.” READ MORE: Harry and Meghan 'highly unlikely' to attend William's US event  Another user, Carl Paulson, tweeted: “Definitely beginning to look like a future king. Happy Birthday.” A third user, Kay Raypholtz, tweeted: “Love this photo! They look like they're sharing a funny, private joke. They clearly love each other.” In 2015, the Duchess of Cambridge revealed that her then two-and-half-year old son called his great-Granny “Gan Gan”. Kate had said: “George is only two-and-a-half and he calls her 'Gan-Gan.' She always leaves a little gift or something in their room when we go and stay and that just shows her love for her family.” DON'T MISS:Orban demands ‘new Ukraine strategy’ from EU as West’s attack on PutinQueen invites Harry and Meghan to Balmoral for summer Shock as China threatens ‘strong measures’ against Biden Kate, who is Great Britain's future Queen, has reportedly become close to Her Majesty over the last two decades, and she talked about the monarch’s quiet support for her. She recalled a particular engagement that she attended without Prince William and how the Queen helped her that day: “She was very supportive. “The fact she took the time to make sure that I was happy and looked after for that particular occasion, which probably in everything that she's doing is a very small element, it shows just how caring she is really.” 