It may have been two years since P-Valley was last seen on Starz but it was certainly worth the wait. The stripper drama has been gripping viewers from the get-go with plenty more exciting scenes expected to come. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about catching up on the latest from P-Valley. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from P-Valley. P-Valley season two made its debut on Friday, June 3, at 9pm ET/PT in America on Starz. The series was also made available in the UK at 2am the following day, via Starzplay on Amazon Prime Video. However, this was quickly changed as by episode two, P-Valley began airing every Sunday at 10pm ET/PT instead. So far, a new episode of The Pynk series has aired in the same timeslot every week with no breaks. READ MORE: Outlander's Sam Heughan speaks out series ending as he drops huge clue But it will be a different story for season two, episode seven which should be coming out on Sunday, July 17. There will be a one-week hiatus so fans are going to have to wait until Sunday, July 24, for the latest instalment. It is going to be in the same timeslot as before, released at 10pm in America and in the early hours of the morning in the UK at 3am GMT (Greenwich Mean Time). Starz hasn't given an official explanation as to why fans are having to wait an extra week. This is most likely just a scheduled break, previously planned by the streaming service, something that is very common with American shows. The first series of P-Valley was made up of eight episodes, while this second outing consists of 10. Season two is nearing its end though with just four more episodes left to air. Following the episode six ending, there are plenty of storylines to keep fans hooked. DON'T MISS...Stranger Things season 5 theory: Becky Ives return sealed [THEORY]P-Valley star on ‘bearing his soul’ for Uncle Clifford role [CAST]P-Valley: What happened to Mercedes star Brandee Evans' husband? [EXPLAINER] Mercedes (played by Brandee Evans) was having a complicated relationship and business transaction with Coach (Sherman Augustus) and his wife Farrah (Shamika Cotton). He had agreed to pay her $40,000 for the "Mercedes experience" which she agreed to but only with his wife's blessing. It didn't take too long for Farrah to join in herself, causing her husband to get the green-eyed monster. Coach and Farrah rowed before he terminated his agreement with Mercedes and chucked her out of the house. There was also the heartbreaking death of Big Teak (John Clarence Stewart) who killed himself in front of Lil Murda (J. Alphonse Nicholson). Big Teak finally realised that he and the rapper were just friends, with his heart now belonging to Uncle Clifford (Nicco Annan). The loss of Lil Murda's love and the haunting memories of his childhood led to Big Teak pulling the trigger on himself, devastating his closest friend. P-Valley is available to watch on Starz in America and Starzplay via Amazon Prime Video in the UK.