So far 11 Tory MPs have entered the race to replace Boris Johnson as party leader with the winner due to be announced on September 5. The party has said a postal ballot of party members will be a choice between two candidates whittled down the field from the candidates. But far from striking a stately impression, many have sparked hilarity with their promotional antics. The leadership hopefuls kickstarted their bids for the top spot with videos which have been widely ridiculed on social media. Trade minister Penny Mordaunt's effort had to be re-edited after it was pointed out it included footage of convicted killer Oscar Pistorius. It also features Paralympian Jonnie Peacock who asked for a clip of him to be removed from the video. Twitter user Kirk St. Moritz mocked: "An entertaining video in the Alan Partridge mould." Fellow Twitter user David Matthews chimed in: "Penny, I think someone's hacked your Twitter account. There's a REALLY dodgy video on it."  Ms Mordaunt does not appear in the video footage, but she does provide the voiceover, which includes the message: "Our leadership has to change. "It needs to become a little less about the leader and a lot more about the ship." Foreign Secretary Liz Truss is being investigated by her own department over claims her campaign video includes footage filmed by civil servants. In her video, Ms Truss says: "We need a Prime Minister with experience, who can hit the ground running from day one." Twitter user Empress Elke of Germania asked in response to the video posted on Ms Truss's account: "Parody account?" Former Health Secretary Sajid Javid opted to recycle a video used during his failed bid to become party leader in 2019.  READ MORE ABOUT CARAVAN OWNERS FORCED OFF A SITE In a swipe at rivals, Mr Javid tweeted: "I don't have a fancy new video. So here's one I made earlier." Twitter users poked fun at Conservative Rehman Chishti for his campaign launch, with one comparing the MP to Ronnie Pickering, whose road rage rant went viral and who is known for the infamous line, 'Do you know who I am?' Grant Shapps released a weird TikTok video set to throbbing disco music, showing the Transport Secretary walking around with a soundtrack by musician Austin Millz in the background. His official campaign video lasts just 13 seconds and includes 25 words: "My case for leadership is simple. I can plan. I can deliver. I can communicate. I can campaign. I can help you win your seat." Twitter user Fergus Butler-Gallie mocked the leadership hopefuls' campaign logos, comparing Attorney General Suella Braverman's to a graphic design project submitted for a GCSE in ICT circa 2004.  DON'T MISS: Fury as Extinction Rebellion protesters occupy a mine for second day [REPORT] Mum with cancer forced to come out of retirement due to 'no EU staff' [REVEALED] Oprah’s advice to Harry and Meghan amid row [LATEST] Tom Tugendhat's effort was likened to a UKTV Gold special where the chair of Parliament's Foreign Affairs Committee "goes around offering advice - a la Kim and Aggie - on how to tidy people's homes". In his official video, Mr Tugendhat described a Britain where trust in politics is collapsing amid a cost-of-living crisis at home and threats abroad. Former Chancellor Rishi Sunak released a slick campaign video online on Friday (July 8), just days after resigning. Amid a cost-of-living crisis, he asks in his video: "Do we confront this moment with honesty, seriousness and determination?  "Or do we tell ourselves comforting fairy tales that might make us feel better in the moment, but will leave our children worse off tomorrow? "Someone has to grip this moment and make the right decisions." Its appearance led Twitter users to question the speed with which it appeared with activist and columnist Owen Jones commenting on the social media platform: "Just came up with this video in the last couple of days, did you?" Reclaim Party deputy leader quipped in response to the video: "More wooden than the Cuprinol Man?"  The backbench 1922 committee, which organises the leadership contest, has said hopefuls need at least 20 nominations from the Tory party's 358 MPs to proceed to the first round of votes on Wednesday. Anyone who then receives less than 30 votes will be eliminated before another vote on Thursday. The field will be whittled down by MPs to two final candidates, before a postal ballot of party members, who number fewer than 200,000. Sir Graham Brady, the committee's chair, said: "I am very keen we get this concluded as smoothly, cleanly, and rapidly as possible." 