Tottenham are closing in on a deal to land Barcelona defender Clement Lenglet as they look to continue their summer spending spree by snapping up the 27-year-old over the coming days, according to reports. The north Londoners have already welcomed four new faces since the end of last season, with Richarlison, Fraser Forster, Ivan Perisic and Yves Bissouma all having joined the club in recent weeks. A number of other players have been mentioned in connection with Tottenham as of late, including the likes of Lenglet and England midfielder Jesse Lingard, who is available on a free transfer this summer. It seems as though the former is close to wrapping up a deal to join Spurs in the not-too-distant future, with negotiations now said to be entering into the final stages, according to Fabrizio Romano.It is claimed that Tottenham have agreed personal terms with Lenglet, who has been widely tipped to leave Barcelona this summer. The proposed move is said to be on loan until the end of the season and those in power at Spurs are now focused on thrashing out the finer details in talks with the Catalan giants over the next few days.Antonio Conte is said to be keen on improving his defensive ranks this summer and the addition of Lenglet would certainly go a long way to strengthening their array of options at centre-back in advance of the new campaign. The Frenchman has fallen out of favour at the Nou Camp over the last few seasons but will likely be expected to play a key role at Spurs if he signs on the dotted line in the near future. JUST IN: Liverpool boss Klopp has four priorities now Salah contract confirmed Meanwhile, Tottenham are yet to submit a formal offer for Lingard in spite of their reported desire to secure his services. It was claimed towards the end of last month that Conte was considering a move for the 29-year-old, who is a free agent after deciding against extending his stay at Manchester United due to his lack of playing time at Old Trafford.There is no proposal from Tottenham on the table as things stand, although there is still plenty of time for them to firm up their interest before the new campaign gets underway in early August. West Ham United boss David Moyes is also said to be weighing up a move for Lingard after his excellent loan spell at the London Stadium two seasons ago, but the midfielder has already been tipped to choose Spurs over the Hammers by former Premier League striker Noel Whelan. "Tottenham are rebuilding, he will understand there will be a process there that is not going to change overnight, it might take a season," Whelan told Football Insider when quizzed on Lingard's future.“When you look at everything that Tottenham have got to offer in terms of stadium, history, players that are already there he could be playing with, he’d absolutely want that."You want to play with Son [Heung-min], you want to play with Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg, you want to play with top-class players and be a successful side." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here