Raymond Dunkley is being awarded a British Citizen Award on July 7 for his extraordinary endeavours. Mr Dunkley, 74, has volunteered for over 42 years and overseen the Duke of Edinburgh’s Award for 38 years, seeing 1,150 young people undertake the programme and helping 120 achieve Gold. The British Citizen Award is widely viewed as the nation’s way of recognising extraordinary, everyday people for their exceptional endeavours.  Mr Dunkley spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about his life of volunteering, one which he continues to lead, saying: “I was in the Territorial Army for about nine years, and after that, I moved over to the Cadets. “I retired in 2016, and since then I've carried on doing bits of work for the Cadets. I also volunteer as a tour guide at St Paul’s Cathedral one day a week every Thursday.” Mr Dunkley expanded on the pride he feels more for the participants of the Duke of Edinburgh Awards, rather than for himself, saying: “In so many really, you don't feel proud of yourself as such, you feel prouder for the kids that are getting an award. “I've been to St James’s Palace about four or five times with Gold award holders, and I’ve been to Buckingham Palace once. READ MORE: Mike Tindall's 'closeness to William created a dilemma' with Sussexes “So you feel for them really because their parents are there and they all feel proud that they have achieved something and they've got something to take them forward in life. “One particular Facebook message that I got from a Duke of Edinburgh participant of mine, Mark Jeal, about five years ago – I was quite moved to tears by that.” This Facebook post by Mark Jeal was an admiration post for Raymond Dunkley on his birthday in 2017, claiming Mr Dunkley “selflessly gave his time and expertise to take young adults and instill both life skills and leadership in them”. Mr Dunkley provided his expert opinion on the benefits Duke of Edinburgh Awards, adding: “The best thing you can take from the awards are self-reliance and confidence. “A lot of the time, they take people forward, particularly at gold level, but forward into employment. I think that's a really important thing about them. It shows an employer that you’re going to get up and better yourself with a bit of self-confidence. “There are all these kids, people coming up for interviews for jobs who all have the same qualifications because the job calls for that. So you've got to be able to offer something extra.  “My eldest daughter, she got great A-levels but she didn't want to go to university, as she always wanted to go to the police. When she called up for the interview, the only questions they asked her about was the silver D of E she got. “So I think it's underrated. I don't think people know at large, in the community, really understand how well respected it is by employers. “You've got to give thanks to the Royal Family for this award and particularly the Duke of Edinburgh who started it in 1956 who carried it right through until he passed away last year.” On one occasion, Raymond was lucky enough to meet Prince Philip during his time volunteering for the scheme. He said: “I attended the Gold Award presentations at Buckingham Palace and St James’s Palace with my award participants on numerous occasions and once met and shook hands with the Duke of Edinburgh. “He was the instigator and guiding light of the Award Scheme from its founding in 1956 and his robust and forthright attitude was an inspiration to many thousands of young people.  READ MORE: Pippa Middleton lives in £17m home in Chelsea - perfect for new baby “I always knew Prince Philip was a robust sort of character, very forthright, and he was very chatty to all the kids. He talked to the participants more than me; I just shook his hand and he said, ‘Hello and well done to everyone’, that sort of thing. “It was a routine thing for him I suppose, but for the children going up there it was a big experience going to up to the palace and chatting to Prince Philip. “He had time to talk to all of them. We were in big groups of probably about 10 or 12, all spread out around the hall, but he went around and talked to everybody and made the effort.” Mr Dunkley provided his expert opinion on who in the Royal Family he thinks would be able to achieve a Gold Duke of Edinburgh Award. He said: “I suppose probably Prince Harry. He seems very sort of robust in his attitudes. He’s pretty much like his grandfather, I think they got on quite well together him and Prince Philip. I think he’s like a junior version of Prince Philip. So yes, I think he would have done well at it. “William would have done well as well, although William would be a bit more of a plodder perhaps. But then that might be a bit of a perception because he's obviously in line to be King and you've got to be a bit more responsible.” 