Baz, a driving instructor from Leicester, uploaded the video to his TikTok account. The driving expert uses his social media to help others learn to drive and be aware of road law changes. He shares such tips on his YouTube account and Instagram account, as well as on his TikTok. Baz Vaghela, who has been a driving instructor since 2006, tackled new phone use laws in the video. Breaking these laws can result in some very, very serious repercussions. In the useful video, the driving expert clearly explained the new rules catching many drivers out. He said: "The law has changed when it comes to using your phone while driving. "Now it's illegal, totally illegal, to hold or use a phone, satnav or tablet or any device that can send or receive data while you're driving or on a motorbike."  READ MORE: Drivers urged to use little-known button to reduce fuel consumption These rules are very strict, and many drivers could easily find themselves falling foul of them if they aren't vigilant. Baz went on: "So, this means you cannot use a phone in your hand for any reason whether online or offline." The list of things you can't do with your phone while driving has expanded further. Baz went on: "For example, you can't make calls or text or even take photos or videos or browse the web or any other social media platforms." And this is not just applicable while you are moving and operating a car. DON'T MISS‘Shocked’: The extortionate cost of charging EVs at motorway service stations [FURY] Drivers £60 fine for parking in disabled bay despite using blue badge [SHOCK] Man behind fuel protest says he has no choice [INSIGHT]  Baz said: "This law still applies if you are stopped at traffic lights, queuing in traffic, if you're supervising a learner driver, or driving in general, that goes without saying." There are a few ways in which you can still use your phone while operating a car, although they are now far more limited in their number. "You can only use a phone to make an emergency call like 999 or 112, but please make sure you are parked up safely before you do so," Baz explained. He went on: "You are allowed to make contactless payments at a drive-through if you are ordering food, for example. "But you must be stationary, the vehicle must not be moving."  So what are the repercussions for those Britons who have broken this law? "Of course, you can get six points on your licence and a £200 fine," Baz explained. For those who have recently passed, this could cause huge irritation. "If you only just passed your driving test in the past two years, that means six points on your licence will mean an automatic licence revoke," Baz said. "You'll lose your driving licence and you'll need to do your theory test driving test again."  The Government said of this new law: "It’s illegal to hold and use a phone, sat nav, tablet, or any device that can send or receive data, while driving or riding a motorcycle. "This means you must not use a device in your hand for any reason, whether online or offline. "For example, you must not text, make calls, take photos or videos, or browse the web." This still applies even if you are: You can use hands-free devices, just as long as you don't hold them.