Water suppliers say the UK has been using record amounts of water due to higher demand as the nation continues to enjoy a sizzling heatwave. And as temperatures are expected to keep rising to record levels, with another scorching weekend expected, suppliers are urging people to use water responsibly.  Affinity Water, which supplies parts of the southern and eastern parts of the UK, urged the public to avoid using sprinklers, hosepipes and irrigation systems to save an incredible 1,000 litres an hour. But it said there was no outright hosepipe ban yet. Kevin Barton, Affinity Water’s head of communications, said the hot weather was a “dangerous time” for rivers and streams. He said: “Most of us are happy when summer arrives, but we also don’t realise it’s the most dangerous time for our local rivers and streams. High temperatures mean people using more water at exactly the time when supply is at its lowest. “Most of the water we use comes from local groundwater sources that feed into globally rare chalk streams and we need to leave more water in our local environment. “We’re not saying you can’t have fun, and we’re definitely not saying that you shouldn’t be using water. But we are asking you to be mindful of your water use, and make sure you’re not wasting water.”  READ MORE: Hosepipe ban fears as temperatures to hit 95F this month In 2020, hot weather caused record demand for water unlike anything seen in the water companies 170 year history. Engineers needed to pump an extra 108million litres of water every day to meet this demand. This was the equivalent of supplying an extra 400,000 customers each day or a city the size of Bristol. Residents have been urged to avoid using large inflatable pools, which can hold up to 5,000 litres of water - the same amount a family of four would use over one week. They are also urged to only use the dishwasher and washing machine when they’re full - and turn off the tap when they’re brushing their teeth.  DON'T MISS Jeremy Vine guests hit out at water ration as hosepipe ban looms [VIDEO]ITV viewers slam water use 'Hosepipe ban' [INSIGHT]Hosepipe ban UK: Will there be a hosepipe ban this year? [EXPLAINER] Southern Water said the drier weather, meaning less rainfall, had increased demand for water. A spokesman said: “When the weather hots up, we all use more water and we can see our daily demand jump by hundreds of millions of litres. “Drier weather means less rainfall too and this year we have experienced long periods. The places that we extract water from to supply our customers, like groundwater, rivers and reservoirs, will be lower.”  The Environment Agency told Express.co.uk there was no plans for a nationwide hosepipe ban and currently no temporary use bans – or hosepipe bans as they are widely known - in force in England. A spokesman said: “We are working with water companies, farmers and wider stakeholders to closely monitor water resources and ensure that the needs of water users and the environment are met. “If a water company’s resources start to diminish as a result of a drought, the company will implement its Drought Plan.  “We work with water companies to ensure they are carrying out the preparatory work set out in these drought plans, including applying for drought permits as necessary. “Water companies plan for the expected increase in demand and reduction in effective rainfall over the warmer months and decide themselves on proposing water restrictions. We work closely with them to ensure they follow their plans.” Yorkshire Water has also said it cannot rule out restrictions, including a hosepipe ban, this summer.