BBC Question Time made a return last night and the issue of Scottish independence ranked high on the agenda as Fiona Bruce arrived in Inverness. Ms Bruce was joined in Inverness by the Scottish National Party's ex-Westminster leader Angus Robertson, Scottish Tory Party chairman Craig Hoy, Labour's Shadow Social Security Secretary Pam Duncan-Glancy, Spectator editor Fraser Nelson and award-winning stand-up comedian Susie McCabe. Unionist parties, including the Conservative Party and Labour, have been quick to reject calls by Nicola Sturgeon to hold an IndyRef2 in October 2023. However, one audience member took aim at Mr Hoy and Ms Duncan-Glancy's parties. He said: “I've heard at least three different versions of people saying that the people don't want a referendum and I would suggest politely that the people who are saying that should look at the last, most recent election, where 49 percent of the electorate wanted a referendum. “Look at the last general election where the Labour Party had their worst result since 1910 and one MP represented Scotland. “So, they're either not listening to the people because people aren't voting for you... Tories aren't listening to the people because people aren't voting for you either... you haven't been in power in Scotland since 1955.” JUST IN: Scots rage at Nicola Sturgeon over 2023 IndyRef2 push - 'No means no!' Despite the gentleman's concerns, Ms Bruce pointed out voters are not solely motivated by Scottish independence. Ahead of the 2021 Holyrood election, Ms Sturgeon even claimed: “Thursday is not an independence referendum, it's not asking people to vote yes or no." Conservative, Labour and Liberal Democrat politicians have been quick to rubbish the First Minister's IndyRef2 proposal. Robin Millar, chairman of the Conservative Union Research Unit (CURU) in Westminster, warned Ms Sturgeon's “divisive” plan is a “distraction” from many of the issues facing Scots. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Abercowny's Tory MP said: “The First Minister once again is promising supporters that there is just one more hill to climb, that a referendum and independence are surely within reach. READ MORE: Blow for Sturgeon! Scots turn against independence as more than half reject IndyRef2  “But the UK Government has made clear that another referendum is a reserved matter and will not be consented. “Any referendum - wildcat or 'de facto' - will be divisive, disruptive and a distraction from addressing the priority of poor public services in Scotland. “Spending £20million of taxpayers' money on a referendum is a grave disservice to all those in Scotland struggling with inflation, ill health, education and public transport. “The people of Scotland don’t want another referendum and any attempt to turn the next general election into a contest all about breaking up the UK would be doing a disservice to our politics.” The Liberal Democrats' leader north of the border, Alex Cole-Hamilton, also took aim at Ms Sturgeon. DON'T MISS:Putin 'likely' ill as oligarch's wife fears it will push war further [INSIGHT]Furious French vow to COUNTER EU ally’s army plot [REACTION]Russia reacts to NATO as it intensifies attacks [ANALYSIS] The Edinburgh Western MSP said: “Frankly I can think of better uses of our time and I am not alone. “I’m sure that those waiting for cancer care, in the longest queue on record, can think of better uses of our time. “Those children suffering long Covid, left disappointed after they waited to meet the First Minister in the cold outside parliament this afternoon can think of better uses of our time. “The Island ferry passengers; the Ukrainians stuck in hotels; those victims of violent and sexual crime left waiting for justice, can all think of better uses of our time.” Ms Bruce will return to TV screens next Thursday when the BBC host joins panellists and audience members in Barnsley, South Yorkshire.