Europe faces a tighter gas squeeze from Wednesday, when Russia's Gazprom (GAZP.MM) has said it would cut flows through the Nord Stream 1 pipeline to Germany to a fifth of capacity. With a dozen EU countries already facing lower Russian supplies, Brussels is urging member states to save gas and store it for winter, fearing Russia will completely cut off flows in retaliation for sanctions over the Ukraine war.  Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskiy said Russia was cutting supplies to impose "price terror" against Europe. He said: "Using Gazprom, Moscow is doing all it can to make this coming winter as harsh as possible for the European countries. Terror must be answered - impose sanctions." Gazprom has blamed its latest reduction on needing to halt operation of a turbine. EU energy chief Kadri Simson dismissed that reason, calling the move "politically motivated".   Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskiy said Russia was cutting supplies to impose "price terror" against Europe. He said: "Using Gazprom, Moscow is doing all it can to make this coming winter as harsh as possible for the European countries. Terror must be answered - impose sanctions." Gazprom has blamed its latest reduction on needing to halt operation of a turbine. EU energy chief Kadri Simson dismissed that reason, calling the move "politically motivated". READ MORE: Putin faces Russian mothers' wrath over sending sons to war  Russia supplied 40 percent of EU gas before it invaded Ukraine on Feb. 24. The EU deal would exempt from the binding 15 percent gas cut Ireland, Malta and Cyprus. These countries are not connected to other member states' gas networks and therefore could not share spare gas if needed. Countries with a limited ability to export gas to other EU countries can request a lower target, provided they export what they can. DON'T MISS:Kamala Harris ‘shifts strategy’ Farage blasts Sunak for copycat 'bloke in a pub' campaign routineLuzon earthquake: Monster magnitude 7.1 quake rocks Philippines That could include Spain, which does not rely on Russian gas and had initially opposed the plan. Spanish Energy Minister Teresa Ribera said: "Everyone understands that when someone asks for help, you have to help." Countries that overachieve an EU target for filling gas storage by August could also face weaker targets, potentially softening cuts for roughly a dozen states with relatively full storage, including Germany and Italy. 