Former Strictly Come Dancing professional AJ Pritchard has weighed in after four new dancers were announced for this year's line-up. The 27-year-old left the show in 2020, but enjoyed taking part in four series before deciding to move on. Now that the first half of the year is over, preparations are being made for the annual competition, and the BBC recently announced the signing up of four new professionals, and AJ has made predictions about a "competitive" series. As the countdown begins for the glitzy autumn show, new dancers have been announced following the departure of several staple choreographers last year. 2022 is set to have the biggest professional dancer line-up in history. Vito Coppola, Carlos Gu, Lauren Oakley and Michelle Tsiakka will be the latest additions to the show. AJ commented on the newbies: "I know Lauren and Carlos – because he was taught by one of my teachers, so it's exciting. READ MORE: Outlander’s Caitriona Balfe would be ‘happier’ to shorten series "I used to compete against Lauren. I think a fresh buzz could be interesting." Speaking to the Sunday Mirror, he continued: "I think everybody who does dancing is competitive. "It will be interesting who gets partnered and who doesn't. That's the waiting game." Lauren reflected on how she’s grown up watching the BBC One show and even appeared alongside Strictly regulars Giovanni Pernice and Anton Du Beke in their national tours. She said: “I’ve grown up watching Strictly, always hoping that one day I could be part of the best show on television, doing what I love the most. “Now that it’s happening, it doesn’t quite seem real. I can’t wait to start this new sequined adventure and join this incredible family.” Although the celebrity line-up is yet to be revealed, bosses have confirmed the return of Dianne Buswell, Nadiya Bychkova, Graziano Di Prima, Amy Dowden, Karen Hauer and Katya Jones. Viewers can also expect to see Neil Jones, Nikita Kuzmin, Cameron Lombard, Gorka Marquez, Luba Mushtuk, Giovanni Pernice, Jowita Przystal, Johannes Radebe, Kai Widdrington and Nancy Xu star in the new series. DON'T MISS... BBC Breakfast viewers switch off over heatwave coverage 'This is pathe [LATEST]Queen’s grandfather would be ‘spinning in grave’ claims royal expert [VIDEO]Bette Davis was 'heartbroken' by appearance criticism in Hollywood [LATEST] It comes as Strictly has seen a number of professional dancers leave over the past two years including AJ Pritchard, Oti Mabuse and Aljaz Skorjanec who was on the show for nearly a decade. Oti, 31, won the 2020 series of Strictly Come Dancing with comedian Bill Bailey, 56. The duo lifted the Glitterball together on the BBC competition almost a year ago, but have remained close friends since discovering their natural chemistry together. This was the second time Oti enjoyed a Strictly victory, after winning in 2019 with Kelvin Fletcher. The upcoming series will also see a shake-up with the judging panel. Last year, former dancer Anton Du Beke stood in for Bruno Tonioli as he was unable to appear due to US travel restrictions. However, Anton will not be a full-time judge alongside Craig Revel Horwood, Motsi Mabuse and Shirley Ballas in the 2022 series. Strictly Come Dancing returns to BBC One this autumn.