A Place in the Sun continues to air on Channel 4 and the escapist TV series features a number of presenters. Property expert Ben Hillman loves showing the guests around their favourite sunny locations in the hope of finding their dream holiday home. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the star's family and children. Ben Hillman joined A Place in the Sun in 2016 and he comes from a successful background in interior design. He has completed self-build projects and has created some innovative home decor designs. Viewers may also recognise him from The Renovation Game, You Deserve This House and 60 Minute Makeover. Away from the cameras, he calls himself a "DIY Dad" on Twitter. READ MORE: A Place in the Sun's Ben Hillman on post-Brexit change to emigrating Ben has two daughters with his wife Gaby, whom he married in 2011. His first daughter, Hope Blossom, was born shortly after they were married. Their second daughter is called Honour Willow. Ben's Instagram account is full of photos of his family, as he said they were his number one priority in life. In one of his latest posts, he was seen in the pool and at the beach with his daughters. He said: "A rare and wonderful treat having my gorgeous girls at work with me this week!!" In 2021 the star asked fans to give him a break after he was questioned over an Instagram photo of himself without his wife and daughters. He had been on a solo trip abroad and his followers wondered why he had left his family behind. DON'T MISS... A Place in the Sun's Ben Hillman details show struggles 'Get it wrong' [INSIGHT]Ben Hillman wife: Is the A Place in the Sun star married? [EXPLAINER] 'No personality' A Place in the Sun buyer blasts Craig Rowe's property [VIDEO] Speaking to Wayne Perrey on his TV Carpenter Podcast, Ben was asked how his wife reacted to posts while she was dealing with homeschooling back in the UK. He said: "You've got to remember I've spent six months at home homeschooling so that was my first break. See the difference is, my wife works for the NHS and she has throughout the whole pandemic. "She's not front line in terms of A&E or Covid response or anything like that, but she has been working throughout." "So she has had this outlet which is work which takes her out of the house." He said sue to the first coronavirus lockdown he had been "locked up for six months". Whilst he was away, he was filming for a new series of A Place in the Sun. His two daughters love spending time with him whenever he is back home in the UK.  A Place in the Sun airs on weekdays on Channel 4 at 4pm.