Virgin River season four is on Netflix now and it saw Mel Monroe (played by Alexandra Breckenridge) during her pregnancy journey. She was trying to convince Jack Sheridan (Martin Henderson) to take a test to find out if he was really the father. At the end of the season, Jack received some shocking news about which babies were his.  The final episode of Virgin River included plenty of twists as Jack found out some shocking truths. He agreed to go to a specialist clinic with Mel to take a test in order to find out whether he was the father of her unborn child. Jack was initially against the idea but he knew how important it was to Mel to find closure. After proposing to her for a second time, and Mel agreeing to marry him, they found the answer they had been looking for. The results concluded Jack was the father, and they were expecting a baby girl. READ MORE: Virgin River's Preacher star confirms big change to iconic setting However, during a meal to celebrate their engagement, Jack got a distressing phone call. Charmaine (Lauren Hammersley) asked for him to come immediately as she was in a lot of pain. He and Mel found Charmaine crying on the floor and she said she was going to lose her babies as a form of Karma. She then revealed she had lied about the father, and that the twins were not Jack's. This revelation has led fans to ask who is the actual father. READ MORE: Why did Vince shoot Jack Sheridan in Virgin River? They cannot be Todd's (Patrick Sabongui) children as he came into the picture after Charmaine was pregnant. There are a number of theories about the real father, with some fans suggesting it could be Brady (Ben Hollingsworth). Brady and Charmaine spent some time together at a party in the second season and they seemed to get close. Taking to Reddit ahead of season four airing, BrightBlueKicks said: "Almost everything time there is a scene with Charmaine discussing her pregnancy, the immediate following scene is of Brady. "Now, it's been a long time since I took a film class, but I remember learning that this is often a thing show creators will do to subtly allude to something the viewers haven't seen yet on screen/don't know yet." DON'T MISS... Virgin River season 4 theory: Mel romance with newcomer sealed [THEORY] Virgin River season 3 recap: What happened in season 3? [EXPLAINER] Virgin River season 4 theory: Brady killed off despite being cleared [THEORY] They later added: "My theory is that she slept with Brady after that party, and neither of them have revealed it yet because just maaaaybe Charmaine planned to at some point to see if it would make Jack jealous, but she didn't even get the chance to because she found out she was pregnant. "Charmaine may be misguided, but she's not dumb ...she had to know there was a good chance the baby(s) daddy was Brady instead of Jack, but since she loves Jack and Brady is clearly not father material, she probably just convinced herself that it was Jack." Brady was allowed to walk free at the end of season four after it was revealed Vince was the one who shot Jack. He could be preparing to start a new life with Brie (Zibby Allen), when he is hit with the ultimate bombshell he is due to be a father. Fans also referred to a particular scene in season two, episode five suggesting Brady is somehow involved.  The Reddit user said: "Jack tells his cop friend [Mike] that Charmaine is pregnant and he says 'whoa, Jesus, I didn't know you were still seeing her'... and his entire body language is kinda like maybe he and Charmaine hooked up and is keeping it hidden from Jack. "Like why would he think they weren't together unless Charmaine gave the impression to him they weren't and they got together. "Made me think forward to season three when Brady is saying to the cop guy that he knows he's not a good guy. "So....if Charmaine's babies father is the cop then Brady knows." [Sic] Fans will have to wait until season five to find out who is really the father, is it Mike, or Brady, or someone viewers are yet to meet?  Virgin River season 4 is on Netflix now.