Dan Walker, 45, recently made the move to Channel 5 News after presenting on BBC Breakfast since 2016. The presenter took to Twitter to share his shock at 62-year-old singer Kim Wilde's youthful appearance as he interviewed her on his news show this evening. Dan took to Twitter to share a clip of his interview with Kim on this evening's show. The singer was talking about her latest tour which was cancelled due to Covid, as she discussed her 80s career. He shared his astonishment over the star's youthful appearance in view of his 774,00 followers. The former BBC Breakfast presenter penned: "Can’t believe she’s 62!" READ MORE: Jeremy Vine's Storm Huntley welcomes baby boy and fans ‘love his name' Many social media users also took to the micro-blogging site to share their compliments to the ageless star. Gary50130881 said: "Dan you can only see wow! Can't believe how well Kim is looking." Lunchtimelady added: "I thought the same! But then I have to realise that I'm not that much younger, although I think I'm 16!" Perfwithsurf commented: "So glad I saw your interview on Channel 5. Your lovely smile and positivity is mighty impressive." She continued: "You came over so beautifully, spoke so nicely with such a lovely smile. "Definitely approved with age. Amazing." JaneHobsonPhot1 admitted: "I want to know what skin treatments #KimWilde uses! She looks amazing on 5 News!" Kim became a music icon back in 1981 with the release of the hit Kids In America. She had seven more Top Ten singles in the UK but never a number one, however her reworking of the Motown classic You Keep Me Hangin' On which topped the US Billboard chart in 1986. DON'T MISS... ‘I may have to have surgery’ Eamonn Holmes shares grim health update [HEALTH] Sir Tom Jones, 82, 'seen by doctors after collapsing on tour' [BREAKING] John Torode's wife Lisa Faulkner, 50, unveils bikini body on holiday [PICS] She went on to sell more than 30 million records and won hearts of the globe. The singer is currently promoting her Greatest Hits Tour which was postponed due to coronavirus in 2020. Kim also achieved a massive goal of hers when she got Boy George on her 2021 single Shine On. The Kids In America hitmaker asked the Karma Chameleon hitmaker if he would lend his vocals to the track and it ended up on her 2021 LP album. She told Best magazine: "We recorded a song in lockdown - that ended up in my greatest hits record. "I wanted him to be on it, he's such an icon!" Kim is also currently touring with Boy George and The Culture Club. Other supporting acts include Lulu, Gabrielle and DJ Fat Tony. Kim Wilde's tour begins in September 2022