On Thursday night, viewers will tune in to watch Liam Fox and his Emmerdale co-star Dean Andrews embark on an adventure for their new Channel 5 series. Our Great Yorkshire Life will see the duo explore what Yorkshire has to offer by taking part in a number of activities including cheese making and kayaking. The first episode of the series sees Dean and Liam take a trip to Malham in the Yorkshire Dales where they meet geologist Dr John Helm who takes them caving. Despite admitting to feeling scared about their first activity, soap star Liam explained in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, that it was one of the best things he has ever done. When asked about how he felt when taking part in the underground experience, Liam said: "It freaked me out. "Before we were going to do it I was thinking, 'Oh my god, caves'." READ MORE: Outlander’s Caitriona Balfe details Claire scene she didn’t film He continued: "I am a bit of a wet lettuce, I am scared of the dark, I am scared of everything. "So then, on the day, me and Dean were getting ready for it and it was absolutely freezing. "It was so cold, I think it was just before Christmas and we had to walk about half a mile from the road up to where the cave was. "We didn't know what to expect and then when we got there, it was just this hole in the ground, and I was like, 'Oh my god'." The Dan Spencer star added: "It was like entering hell, it was a bit scary." Despite his initial thoughts, Liam went on to admit when he was driving home, he decided he wanted to try caving again. "I drove home and do you know what? I think now I have done it once, I'd quite fancy it again. "So I rang my wife and told her what we'd been doing and said, 'Shall we go caving one day?' and she said, 'Yeah, alright', but we haven't. DON'T MISS...Star Trek Strange New Worlds: Uhura star on the ‘outpour’ of reactions[REACTION]A Place in the Sun's Danni Menzies opens up on cut scenes [INSIGHT]Vera star recalls awkward scene with Brenda Blethyn [NEWS] "Six months later we never have but I might do it again, I don't know, we will see." Speaking about what happened when he and Dean entered the caves, Liam recalled: "The rocks were pretty slippy and slimy until we go into the cave. "We were both freaked out by it because there had been a lot of rain a couple of weeks before, the water was thundering down through the cave and down the holes into the pits of hell. "You're thinking, 'Oh my god, where's this going to?'" Elsewhere in the episode, The Yorkshire Vet star Peter Wright and his wife Lin team up to experience what Harrogate has to offer. The couple have a royal day out in Harrogate where they experience the famous Turkish Baths for the very first time. They also go behind the scenes at Royal Horticultural Society Garden Harlow Carr for a lesson in natural border building with curator Paul Cook, before discovering the story of how a Swiss immigrant founded the world-famous tearoom, Betty’s, in North Yorkshire. Our Great Yorkshire Life airs on Thursdays at 7pm on Channel 5.