A mixture of rain and glorious sunshine over the last few weeks has provided a boost for growing grass across the UK. However, if you aren't content with the cut of your lawn, one expert has warned your lawnmower could be to blame. According to Carlos Real, lawn care expert and managing director of TotalLawn, using the wrong type of mower is one of the "most common mowing mistakes you probably don't know you're making". Mr Real said: "Cutting your lawn with the wrong mower can be detrimental to its health." He explained that there are two main kinds of lawnmowers, known as rotary and cylinder. Both tackle the cutting of blades in a slightly different way. READ MORE: Aspirin can ‘supercharge’ your tomato plants into producing more fruit Mr Real explained: "A rotary mower is the most common and is the best choice if you have lots of objects to navigate around, if your garden is uneven, or your grass is long. "That’s because it has a big spinning blade underneath a chassis, which creates a hoover-like effect, sucking the grass up before chopping the tops off." They are particularly good at cutting thicker or longer grass. A rotary mower may be powered by mains electric, rechargeable battery or petrol engine. DON'T MISSMrs Hinch fans share household item hack for ousting weeds from paving [INSIGHT]Are there 'criminal plants' in your garden? 9 plants you can’t grow [REVEALED]Monty Don shares ‘secret’ for ‘better’ container plant displays [COMMENT] A cylinder mower, on the other hand, cuts grass with a scissor-like action. The mower relies on a series of sharp, spiral blades on the reel rotating on a horizontal axis. Mr Real explained: "The quality of the cut is generally much better, as the blades spin while chopping off the top of the grass, all while creating stripes on your lawn with the roller. "They are the ideal option if you want a low mow, which is why they are the chosen mower for professional sports pitches and bowling greens, however, they are no good on uneven lawns or long grass." However, these types of mowers work best on low or short cut grass, so are best for gardeners who are regularly cutting their lawns. Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea According to Mr Real, gardeners should ask themselves some key questions about their lawn and its needs before purchasing a new lawnmower. He explained: "Is your lawn even? Do you have objects to navigate around? "The answer to those questions will determine the type of lawn mower you should be using."