In upcoming scenes on Coronation Street, Debbie (played by Sue Devaney) is set to get herself into a spot of trouble when she lets her dodgy predecessor Ray Crosby (Mark Frost) cut corners at the hotel. However, things will get worse for the businesswomen when builder Ed (Trevor Michael Georges) does some work for the bistro owner and ends up getting electrocuted. As he's rushed hospital, Ed's wife Aggie Bailey (Lorna Laidlaw) lays down the law and demands compensation from Debbie. Debbie is left reeling as she realises she has no clue when an inspection was last carried out. She is also furious at her predecessor for skimping on such important responsibilities. In official spoilers released by the ITV soap, a stressed Debbie tells Ronnie (Vinta Morgan) that Ray cancelled the professional indemnity insurance. READ MORE: P-Valley: Why did Big Teak kill himself? In a panic, she calls at the hospital with a cheque for Ed and Aggie. Aggie tells her it is not nearly enough and advises Debbie that she better hire a lawyer as they’ve already instructed Adam Barlow (Sam Robertson). Debbie and Ronnie are stunned, leaving the bistro owner to call at No.3, offering Ed £30,000 by way of compensation. However, Aggie makes it clear to Debbie that she’s got two weeks to pay up. Although, with several businesses to run, how will Debbie come up with that sum of money? The bistro could be secretly struggling, meaning Debbie may be hiding how much debt she is really in. If she ends up paying Ed and Aggie £30,000, Debbie could end up losing everything if her debt gets out of control. As a result, if she loses her livelihood, the businesswoman could end up becoming homeless. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Tyrone killed as Phill learns the truth [SPOILERS]James May takes swipe at Jeremy Clarkson and Richard Hammond [INSIGHT]Antiques Roadshow guest stunned by value of Queen Victoria's knickers [VIDEO] During Wednesday night's programme, Aggy puts pressure on Ed to do some work for Steve McDonald (Simon Gregson). However, just as Aggy left the pub, Ronnie approached Ray with a job proposition. "Make my day why don't you," Ray told the businessman who presented him with a piece of paper. "Paul, come and have a look at this," he continued as he showed him a pub that was for sale. "Doesn't look like any boozer I'd want to drink in," Paul joked as he sipped his pint. "Exactly," Ronnie explained before adding: "They are knocking it down. There's space for three houses on this plot with gardens. "This is going to be the new Weatherfield village, trust me. All we need to do is build the houses." Despite not having the money to invest, Ronnie told Ray if he did the work, he could have a share in the houses. Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday at 8pm on ITV.