Carol Vorderman is currently filling in for Lorraine Kelly who’s been absent from her self-titled ITV show after contracting coronavirus. During Wednesday’s instalment of the show, Jeremy May appeared to talk about his upcoming show, although Carol couldn’t help but go down memory lane.  When Richard, James and Jeremy decided to leave motoring programme Top Gear back in 2015, it wasn’t long before the trio were back together co-hosting another car show. The Grand Tour first aired in 2016 and saw the trio embark on a series of adventures across the globe. Car enthusiasts got to see the three men driving automobiles from manufacturers all over the world. During the first series of the show, there was a segment called Celebrity Brain Crash which saw different stars interviewed along with having their mental agility, observational skills, and ability to multitask tested    One of those celebrities was former Countdown star Carol Vorderman, although her appearance on the show was slightly unusual. Instead of a regular introduction to viewers, she appeared onscreen lying on the floor motionless as part of a comedy skit. During Wednesday’s instalment of the Lorraine show, Carol couldn’t help but reflect on the odd request when interviewing James May. She said: “We’ve known each other for many many years, thank you for my invite to Apple Canyon for the very first show of The Grand Tour back whenever that was.”    “You made me play dead on the floor!” Telling viewers about the incident, she continued: “They [Richard, James and Jeremy] said, 'Come on Carol, come watch our first show, but can you just lay on a dirty floor and play dead?'" “Typical!” The pair laughed as they got to see a snippet from Carol’s appearance on his show back in 2016.    James was on the show to talk about his upcoming Amazon Prime Video show Our Man in Italy which airs on July 15. Carol asked the 59-year-old if it was a nice escape doing a solo show in comparison to working alongside Jeremy and Richard. He replied: “It is, people say that a lot but we all do solo projects, we don’t actually live together. “I know a lot of people think we live in a big Adams Family house with some cars outside but we don’t.”    He added: “We can survive independently, just about.” James then informed Carol what his co-stars are currently working on as he mentioned Richard Hammond’s broken car show and Jeremy’s farming show. He added: “I’m doing travel and a bit of cooking, it makes it nice when we come together again actually.” Lorraine airs weekdays on ITV at 9am  