Stranger Things season four is on Netflix now and the final two episodes featured plenty of surprises. Vecna (played by Jamie Campbell Bower) was not the only big bad of the series, as Jason Carver (Mason Dye) was one of the most hated characters. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about what happened to him at the end. Jason was one of the newcomers of season four and he was the school jock who had been dating Chrissy Cunningham (Grace Van Dien). Mortified at her sudden death, he pinned her murder on Eddie Munson (Joseph Quinn) and wanted to hunt him down to get revenge. He spent the entire season trying to locate Eddie and Lucas Sinclair (Caleb McLaughlin), who had lied about his whereabouts. In the final episode of season four, Jason finally got a promising lead and managed to track down Lucas. He found him at Creel House along with Max Mayfield (Sadie Sink) during their attempt to lure Vecna to Max. READ MORE: Stranger Things clue could confirm Max’s fate in season 5 Jason thought Lucas was controlling Max's mind as she was under Vecna's spell. As Lucas tried to explain himself, Jason pointed a gun at Lucas and demanded he wake Max up. The pair ended up in a physical fight, with Max's life in danger the whole time. As Vecna managed to claim Max for himself, he broke the barrier between the real world and the Upside Down. The cracks began to show as Hawkins began to fall apart. A huge crack appeared where Lucas and Jason had been fighting, and it ripped right through Jason. Many fans missed Jason's death the first time around as it happened so quickly. They took to Twitter to share their thoughts on the antagonist meeting his demise. @LaSkelita said: "I had to replay the death scene of Jason Carver. So satisfying." @InkeNoirSFW added: "#StrangerThings #Spoilers I'm just going to come out and say it, the way Jason was killed in the new season was a huge missed opportunity and just such a throwaway piece for a really strong and terrifying enemy. DON'T MISS... Who dies in Stranger Things season 4 volume 2? Does Eddie die? [EXPLAINER] Joseph Quinn age: How old is Stranger Things’ Eddie Munson star? [INSIGHT] Stranger Things season 4 part 2 ending explained: Does Max die? [EXPLAINER] "Potentially the worst choice of an otherwise fantastic season." @_bxston pointed out: "I didn’t even notice that Jason died in stranger things #StrangerThings." Some fans believe Jason's death was foreshadowed following a line he said to Lucas at the start of the season. Lucas had been drinking at a party and had a terrible hangover the next morning. Jason told him: "First hangover feels like you're gonna split in two." @mollyne_ responded with: "Can't stop thinking about the irony of this line from Jason." Actor Mason Dye, 27, has previously starred in Finding Carter and Teen Wolf. Fans may also recognise him from TV films such as The Wrong Son, My Stepdaughter and Flowers in the Attic. He became the character fans loved to hate in Stranger Things, with some viewers despising him more than Vecna.  Stranger Things season 4 is on Netflix now. Season 5 is in the making.