Elvis Presley only had one child in Lisa Marie, who went on to have four kids. Her first two are Riley and Benjamin Keough, who she had with her first husband Danny. The boy was the spitting image of his grandfather and The King’s only grandson, who tragically died by suicide in 2020 at the age of 27. Benjamin is buried opposite Elvis by the swimming pool in the Meditation Garden at Graceland, which is open to the public. Paying tribute to her dearly loved late son, Lisa Marie Presley captioned a photo of their feet with matching tattoos: “Several years ago, on Mother's Day, my son and I got these matching tattoos on our feet. It’s a Celtic eternity knot. Symbolizing that we will be connected eternally. We carefully picked it to represent our eternal love and our eternal bond. [Heartbroken and sad face emojis].” Sharing a post from her wedding day with her late brother, Riley Keough posted on Instagram: “Not an hour goes by where I don’t think of you and miss you. It’s been two years today since you left and I still can’t believe you’re not here. You are so loved my Ben Ben.” Elvis’ ex Linda Thompson, who he dated from 1972-76, commented: “I remember you both when you were little… You will always be together in spirit… My heart is with you and your mom.” Understandably Lisa Marie was devastated by Benjamin's death and has only recently returned to the public eye for the Graceland premiere of Baz Luhrmann’s Elvis movie, which she loved and wished he’d lived to see. READ MORE: Lisa Marie Presley breaks silence in heartfelt message with daughters In May, Lisa Marie shared her first social media post in 15 months: “Hello everyone, I haven’t posted in quite some time because there really isn’t much to say, as I am and will forever be mourning the loss of my son. Navigating through this hideous grief that absolutely destroyed and shattered my heart and my soul into almost nothing has swallowed me whole. Not much else aside from my other 3 children gets my time and attention anymore…It breaks my heart that my son isn’t here to see it. He would have absolutely loved it as well.” DON'T MISSElvis: Linda Thompson's tribute to King 50 years after first meeting [LINDA THOMPSON]'I miss you' Elvis granddaughter's touching tribute to brother Ben [RILEY KEOUGH]Elvis: Benjamin Keough paid tribute to at King's Graceland birthday [BENJAMIN KEOUGH] Following the Graceland premiere of the biopic, Lisa Marie gave an interview in the Jungle Room with Elvis star Austin Butler. Sharing a photo of her laughing with the actor, The King’s daughter touchingly commented: “I do believe that this may be my first smile in 2 years.” For confidential support call the Samaritans in the UK on 116 123 or visit a local Samaritans branch.