Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall celebrates her 75th birthday this weekend, and to celebrate, the royal was the focus of a special ITV documentary. On Wednesday evening, the Duchess starred in ‘Camilla's Country Life’ which was hooked on her one-off role as guest-editor of Country Life magazine this week. The documentary painted a warm portrait of Camilla in both her public and private life, giving the audience insight into the future Queen Consort’s personality. Camilla officially entered the royal fold in 2005, when she married Prince Charles in a civil ceremony in Windsor. She has since dedicated herself to royal service, championing causes close to her heart which include supporting survivors of domestic abuse, working with charities concerned with the welfare of equestrian animals and campaigning to put more books in the hands of children. But before her life as a full-time working royal, Camilla experienced the typical world of work — taking “a couple of temporary jobs," but one of them was "more temporary than she intended.” In her book, ‘The Duchess: The Untold Story’, royal biographer and expert Penny Junor, explained that Camilla was “sacked on the spot,” from one of her pre-royal jobs during the Sixties. READ MORE: Camilla 'partial to a ciggie or two behind the shed' as Duchess reveals naughty habit She wrote: “She [Camilla] joined Colefax and Fowler, the exclusive interior design company, as one of several well-bred assistants, and didn’t last the week. “When she turned up late for work one day her boss, Tom Parr, a difficult man prone to explosions of rage, sacked her on the spot.” Ms Junor quoted Imogen Taylor — head designer at the company for fifty years — who wrote in her memoirs, ‘On the Fringe’: “There were a lot of debutantes working for us, including Camilla. She worked for us for a moment, but then got the sack.” But the Duchess was not the only employee in the firing line, Ms Taylor continued: “He would shout and bellow so the building heard every word. He’d roar: ‘Get out, you silly b***h. Go — leave at once! “‘I can’t have people like you in the firm!’ when some poor girl had merely folded something the wrong way or done something very minor. “The Duchess of Cornwall was one assistant who fell victim to his tantrums — she came in late having been to a dance.” Ms Junor explained that Camilla “couldn’t care less.” And to the amusement of everyone at Colefax and Fowler, the Duchess was living at Claridges, “hardly a minute’s walk away.” Camilla was in her early twenties at the time and was in the midst of the buzzing capital city. It was around this time she met her first husband Andrew Parker-Bowles, a cavalry officer who was eight years her senior. The pair married in 1973, shortly before the Duchess’ 26th birthday, and they welcomed two children — Tom and Laura — in the years that followed. However, neither Andrew nor Camilla remained faithful in their marriage. Ms Junor told Marie Clare in 2019: “[Camilla] was passionately in love with [Andrew] but he was a cad, he was bonking other people, some of her friends... "So when she was introduced to Charles and he thought she was pretty special...he thought she was a bit of alright and she thought: 'Andrew is at the moment off with Princess Anne, you know her brother, teach Andrew a lesson.' "So she had a fling with Charles.” In fact, both Camilla and Andrew began their relationships with their future spouses while married to each other. Andrew began his long-term relationship with his second wife, Rosemary Pitman, whom he married after he and Camilla officially separated. And, in what is probably common knowledge by now, Camilla began her affair with Charles, whom she later married. The Parker-Bowleses divorced in 1995, a year before Charles and Diana, Princess of Wales’ divorce was finalised. Camilla and Andrew remained amicable and successfully co-parent their children. The Duchess even attended the funeral of Ms Pitman, who died in 2010. The Duchess had married the Prince of Wales five years earlier, having conducted their relationship in a lowkey manner throughout the Nineties and early Noughties. Following the nuptials, the Queen offered the following as a wedding toast: “They have come through and I’m very proud and wish them well. My son is home and dry with the woman he loves." Now, with Camilla set to become Queen Consort, the Duchess’ schedule as a working royal is ramping up. She has become an increasingly prominent figure within the Royal Family, and has earned the respect of the public, royal watchers’ and other members of the Firm alike. Howard Hodgson, who wrote ‘Charles - The Man Who Will Be King,’ told Express.co.uk that the Duchess is a “genuine article,” who has been “quietly working hard to support the Prince of Wales.” He added that Camilla will make a “great Queen Consort.”