Quentin Willson, an ex-Top Gear presenter and the founder of FairCharge, told Express.co.uk that the overall costs of running an electric car are much cheaper than those of a combustion car. The TV presenter also claimed that the second-hand values of EVs are going up. The latest RAC Fuel Watch indicates that drivers will have to pay 191.10p for a litre of petrol and 198.96p for a litre of diesel. And, with that in mind, it comes as no surprise that motorists might think about switching to battery-powered vehicles. Research carried out by Next Green Car showed a growth of 74 percent in registered electric cars since 2020. On top of that, the number of electric vehicles bought in the UK in March alone was higher than during the entirety of 2019. READ MORE: Drivers warned they risk life in prison for bad driving habits British drivers registered nearly 40,000 new electric vehicles in the third month of the year. This in turn made March’s figures the highest on record for a single month. When asked about the data, Mr Willson said that he is not surprised as the overall costs of running an EV are much cheaper compared to combustion cars. The TV presenter added: “The overall cost of ownership, say I don’t know, over four years is significantly less than the one of a combustion car. DON'T MISS European Union agrees to ban sales of petrol and diesel cars by 2035 [REVEAL] 'This is an urgent situation': AA warn of 'pump fiction' as costs rise [WARNING] 'Important milestone’: Red Bull unveil RB17 - A new £5million hypercar [INSIGHT] "We’ve also got data that shows that electric cars are 20 percent more likely to pass their MOT than diesel and petrol cars because they’ve got no emission kit on and stuff like that." Mr Willson also highlighted that the second-hand values of electric vehicles are going up. He said: “That has a benefit in terms of your re-sale price." He continued: “It’s not factually accurate now to say that it’s more expensive to run an electric car because it’s actually not. READ MORE: British drivers spending £4,000 a year to run a car “If you’ve taken all these costs, the zero maintenance, zero fuel, the zero road tax, the very limited appreciation, and the fact that you’ll pass MOTs better, those total costs are now less than the combustion car.“ According to the latest Department for Business, Energy & Industrial Strategy data, average UK electricity prices per kWh were 18.9p for 2021. With this in mind, it would mean the cost of charging a 60kWh electric car for 200 miles of range would be between £11 and £12. EDF Energy said: “Electricity costs much less than petrol or diesel and electric cars require less maintenance than an internal combustion engine (ICE)." Charging costs vary depending on the charge point network as well as the location of the charge points, but on average, it’s reported it costs a fifth of the price of fuel. EDF Energy said: “Many local authorities offer a pay-per-session approach to on-street chargers. "Occasionally they can be free to use if you have access to a network subscription.” Costs also depend on the power rating of the charger drivers are using as well as the car’s battery size.