Rachel Weisz, 52, previously spoke out about how she and her husband Daniel Craig, 54, make a conscious effort to keep their marriage out of the public eye. In unearthed quotes, Rachel explained that revealing too much about their relationship would be a “betrayal” and therefore prefers to remain private in a bid to “protect” it. The Mummy actress married Daniel in a private ceremony in 2011, after only dating for around six months.Since then, the couple have gone from strength to strength and now share a daughter who was born in 2018. However, the couple have decided to keep her name private.Both Daniel and Rachel also have children from previous relationships. The James Bond star shares 29-year-old daughter Ella with his ex-wife, Fiona Loudon.  Whereas Rachel has one son, Henry, 16, with film director Darren Aronofsky. READ MORE:Ainsley Harriott threatens legal action after sister nearly drowned Speaking to MORE Magazine in 2015, Rachel said she and Daniel decided to remain private because: “[Daniel is] just too famous. It would be a betrayal. You have to protect your marriage.  “When you are young, you tell your girlfriends everything. One of the great pleasures of not being an adolescent is that you don’t have to share everything.  “When you’re married, that door closes. The audience goes, and you’re in your own life.”Daniel has also spoken out about how they try to maintain privacy, particularly when fans try to sneak photographs when they are out in public.The BAFTA nominee said: “I'll do autographs all day long, and I'll even do a picture at the end of an evening. But if I'm being photographed all night long in a bar, that p***es me off.” He added to DuJour Magazine in 2015 that Rachel is “the best” at stopping fans from crossing the line.He explained: "My wife is the best in the world at all that, she’ll just turn to them and go, ‘No, thank you very much,’ and they’re like, ‘Okay’.”Daniel and Rachel’s 2011 wedding could not have been further from the lavish events we have come to expect from A-list celebrities.Instead, they said their vows in an intimate ceremony in New York and invited just four guests. DON'T MISSChristian Horner admits 'problem' at home with Geri Halliwell[INSIGHT]Sharon Osbourne, 69, displays natural beauty after her face lift woes[LATEST]Ashley Roberts puts on braless display after showing off peachy rear[PICTURES] In attendance was Daniel’s daughter Ella, Rachel’s son Henry, and two family friends as their witnesses.Rachel previously stated that she never wanted to get married, but then it “just happened” when she began dating Daniel.She confessed:  “I never thought I would get married, it was not an ambition of mine. It was the opposite. I couldn’t relate to romantic comedies because marriage seems to be the whole point of them.  “Then it just happened, happily, at a more mature moment.” 