Charles Anderson (played by Kevin Mathurin) and his son, Ethan Anderson (Emile John), arrived in the village of Emmerdale towards the end of 2020, meaning they have been settled there for 18 months. Over the course of this time, viewers of the ITV soap have been introduced to the vicar's ex-wife Esme (Eva Fontaine) and next week, they will meet his long-lost daughter, Naomi (Karene Peter). Unfortunately, given the fact she was given up as a baby and having harboured resentment for her birth family for years, she could be ready to take the ultimate revenge on the Andersons. Off-screen, Naomi has already reunited with her mother, Esme, but she will come face-to-face with Charles in upcoming scenes when she goes missing. He will find his daughter at a bar where she works and it seems she has inherited his feisty nature as she is having an argument with her manager. Steeping in, the vicar will throw the manager to the floor before revealing his identity to the young woman standing before him. It seems this is the beginning of a brand-new storyline for the Andersons but in fact, it could be the beginning of the end. As Naomi settles into the family, she could get them on her side before putting her plans to kill all of them into place. READ MORE: Ralf Little heartbroken as he uncovers 'upsetting' family secret The actress who plays newcomer Naomi, Karene, has spoken about her character and what viewers can expect to see from her. Teasing Naomi might not be what she seems, the soap star told Express.co.uk and other media: "She has a little bit of an edge. "I think she's a little bit misunderstood. She may come across as a little bit misunderstood but I think as we get to know her, she's got many facets to her and we kind of meet her under not-so-great circumstances. "I think throughout the story you see different sides to her," she continued, before talking more about the "edge" her alter-ego has. "Kevin [Charles] and I get on very very well and one of my first scenes is finding out that he's my dad, and it's all very intense between us." Karene added: "We haven't got to the bit where we've resolved our relationship yet so it's a bit intense between us. "My first day was shooting scenes where I find out about that and I have an argument with the bar manager because Naomi has got a bit of an edge. So that was really fun. "She's a rebel not necessarily about the fact she's adopted because her adoptive family are loving and she's grown up in a loving home. "But I just think there's slight abandonment issues there with her dad and her mum. "[Her relationship with her mother] is an improvement on what it was but maybe not exactly rose-tinted, fairytale, mother/daughter relationship." DON'T MISS...Nicola Wheeler health: Emmerdale star opens up about operation [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Charley Webb laments 'crying, screaming and arguing' kids [COMMENT]Laura Norton weight loss: ITV star ditched drink and lost 3st [ANALYSIS] "I think maybe Esme feels that they may be closer than Naomi feels that they are," the soap star continued to explain. "Charles didn't want anything to do with her after finding out about her. That's informed Naomi's initial impression of her biological dad, which isn't a great one." Discussing the moment her character finds out the vicar is her birth father, Karene said: "That shocks me to my core a little bit. "I don't know how to react to it in that moment. I react to it but I don't say anything. "I leave the scene where we're left feeling like, 'What's going to happen now?' because a bomb has been dropped in a situation where she didn't expect that to happen." It seems with the character having an "edge" and all this resentment towards Charles, it wouldn't be totally out of the question for her to kill the Andersons. For years, she has been living a life away from her birth family and she will not care about the circumstances, she will have just wanted to be with her biological parents. Therefore, her motives for wanting to get rid of Charles would be clear but Ethan's could be very different and wouldn't be his fault. By default, he would be in her line of fire as she would resent him for growing up with at least one of their parents. Instead of getting to know him, she would feel nothing but anger towards the lawyer who is desperate to know his little sister. As an investigation begins into how Charles and Ethan died, the rest of the village might not suspect Naomi at first. The likes of Manpreet Sharma (Rebecca Sarker) and Marcus Dean (Darcy Grey) would be mourning the loss of their respective partners. However, it could be Manpreet who begins to suspect Naomi as she could have an eye for spotting serial killers following her ordeal with Meena Jutla (Paige Sandhu). Will she be able to get justice for Charles and Ethan or will she end up being put in danger herself? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.