The Swiss multinational said it put up prices by 6.5 percent in the first six months of this year. It comes after fast food giants McDonald's and Coca-Cola announced price rises earlier this week. Nestle had put up prices by 3.1 percent in the last quarter of 2021. The company's Chief Executive, Mark Schneider, said price hikes were being introduced in a responsible way. He said: "We limited the impact of unprecedented inflationary pressures and supply chain constraints on our margin development through disciplined cost control and operational efficiencies." Nestle said organic sales - those which strip out the impact of currency changes and acquisitions - had risen by 8.1 percent in the first half of the year.  The company has raised its organic sales growth forecast for 2022 to between seven percent and eight percent. Net profit fell by 11.7 percent to £4.5billion (5.2bn Swiss francs) as a result of one-off items, including higher taxes and write-offs of property and equipment in Russia. Nestle stopped investment in Russia in March, pulling its brands out of the country after the invasion of Ukraine. It has carried on selling essential items, including baby formula and medical nutrition products, in Russia.  READ MORE ABOUT A QUEEN'S GUARD SCREAMING AT A TOURIST McDonald's announced it will increase the price of its cheeseburger by 20 percent in Britain. It is the first price hike for the popular menu item in 14 years as the fast food giant responds to soaring inflation. The cheeseburger's price will now rise to £1.19 from 99p. McDonald's will also increase prices by 10p-20p for other items which have been hit by rising costs, the burger chain's UK chief told customers on Tuesday. McDonald's UK and Ireland CEO Alistair Macrow said: "We're living through incredibly challenging times. Just like you, our company, our franchisees who own and operate our restaurants, and our suppliers are all feeling the impact of rising inflation."  DON'T MISS: Meghan Markle had 'team of 14' aides to learn royal duties [REVEALED] Meghan and Harry 'can't respond' to bombshell book [LATEST] Putin humiliated as Russian soldier tells of 'defeated' crew [REPORT] The increase comes as British consumer price inflation hovers around 40-year highs and is forecast to top 11 percent in October. Mr Macrow said the increases had been delayed for as long as possible, and that the company was still committed to keeping prices affordable. The Chicago-headquartered chain runs more than 36,000 restaurants in more than 100 countries. It raised prices in the US by six percent last year, in line with increases at other consumer-focused companies which are facing higher inflation amid strong post-pandemic demand and supply chain disruption.  Coca-Cola has also raised prices around the world to make up for higher ingredient and freight costs. The company's Chairman and CEO James Quincey said the higher prices have yet to affect demand. Prime Minister Boris Johnson and the rivals to replace him were urged on Thursday to offer emergency help to households facing soaring bills. The PM acknowledged the pressures people face with the rising cost-of-living, but said "periods of difficulty" are "inevitable".  Consumer champion Martin Lewis said the Mr Johnson's "zombie government" is failing to address the crisis caused by rising energy bills, warning decisions on support cannot be delayed until Mr Johnson's successor is in office. Money Saving Expert's Mr Lewis said households will start receiving notice of increased bills before the Tory leadership contest ends, ahead of the energy price cap rising to £3,500 or more in October. He said Mr Johnson and Tory leadership contenders Liz Truss and Rishi Sunak need to agree a package they can unite around now. 