Meghan Markle, 40, wore Queen Mary's Bandeau tiara from Her Majesty's collection for her wedding back in 2018. As the name suggests, it had originally belonged to the Queen's grandmother, Queen Mary. Queen Mary had it made in 1932 out of a brooch she received as a gift from the County of Lincoln in 1893, when she married the future King George V.  She left the tiara to Queen Elizabeth II in her will when Mary died in 1953. The tiara is formed as a flexible band of 11 sections, pierced with interlaced ovals and a pavé set with large and small brilliant diamonds. The centre is set with a detachable brooch of 10 brilliant diamonds. The tiara has often been seen with a sapphire in the centre stone, but Meghan opted for a diamond, which was lent to her by the Queen. READ MORE: Eugenie and Beatrice 'struggling to remain cordial' with William Meghan revealed how she came to choose the tiara in the audio recording for the royal wedding outfits exhibition at Windsor Castle in 2019. She said: “When it came to the tiara on the day I was very fortunate to be able to choose this very gorgeous Art Deco-style bandeau tiara. “Harry and I had gone to Buckingham Palace to meet with Her Majesty The Queen to select one of the options that were there, which was an incredibly surreal day, as you can imagine. “That was the one that I think as we tried them on stood out; I think it was just perfect because it was so clean and simple, and I think also at that point an extension to what Clare and I had been trying to do with the dress, which was have something that could be so incredibly timeless but still feel modern.”  However, because the tiara was on loan, it was not an option for Meghan to keep the tiara. This is the case for many royals, for instance, Princess Anne and Princess Beatrice who both wore the Queen’s wedding tiara at their nuptials. The Queen Mary Fringe tiara, as it is known, was presumably returned to the monarch after each royal wedding. But one royal who did get to keep their wedding tiara was Sarah Ferguson. READ MORE: One British habit Kate Middleton likely avoids for a slim figure The Duchess of York accessorised her ivory silk wedding gown by Lindka Cierach in 1986 with the York tiara. This was a floral-shaped diamond scroll headpiece designed by Garrard. It was believed to be a present from her in-laws, the Queen and the late Prince Philip. This explains why Fergie was allowed to keep her wedding tiara and re-wear it, as it was a gift, not a loan. The Duchess was interviewed by Oprah Winfrey in 1996 when she admitted that she got to keep the tiara. Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie's mother recycled the tiara on several occasions following her wedding. She even wore it five years after she divorced Andrew in 1996. The York tiara made its last public appearance in 2001, when Sarah wore it with a black dress to Elton John's White Tie and Tiara ball. 