César Domboy made his Outlander debut back in season three, playing an adult version of Fergus Fraser. The actor took over the role from child star Romann Berrux, who portrayed the young incarnation of the character. Domboy is now a firm part of the show with his character having a strong storyline, particularly in the most recent season. The Outlander star was born on March 10, 1990 in France. Much like Fergus, Domboy is also French and has used his mother tongue as part of his role occasionally. Domboy was cast back in 2016, along with Marsali Fraser actress Lauren Lyle. Before landing the role of Fergus, Domboy featured across French film and television. Some of his most notable pre-Outlander roles were playing one of the leads in La princesse de Montpensier and Un Homme a la Hauteur. READ MORE: Outlander: Why was Gemma Fray replaced as Brianna Fraser? Outlander isn’t actually Domboy’s first English-speaking role with the star appearing in Robert Zemeckis’ The Walk. Domboy also starred in season two of The Borgias in the role of Guy de Level. Some of his other roles before Outlander include the TV mini-series Résistance, Baby Balloon, Up For Love, and The Mad Women's Ball. Outlander is Domboy’s biggest credit to date with the actor now landing other projects including movie Sous Empire which is in post-production. He will also be appearing in the BBC drama SAS: Rogue Heroes, which is also in post-production according to IMDb. Speaking recently at the Outlander season six premiere, Domboy said: “I lived in Paris for a while, the show works well but is not as big as in America. “I just got back from Los Angeles, where the impact is a bit different. It’a way much more and it’s just a thrill to be part of people’s lives like that, you know?” He continued: “I feel so privileged to be part of such a journey with these people and I’m friends with all the cast. “We count for the people who are watching the show. It’s pretty unique. I love that.” He went on to tell Hey U Guys how much of a “challenge” it was playing Fergus over such a long period of time and trying to keep the character fresh. This season saw Fergus struggling with a drinking problem as he tried to cope with his guilt over Marsali’s attack and Claire Fraser’s (Caitriona Balfe) sexual assault at the end of the fifth series. Fergus was at odds with Marsali as he sought solace at the bottom of a bottle with Jamie Fraser (Sam Heughan) and Claire both trying to intervene. DON'T MISS...Outlander: How Sam Heughan brought on board intimacy coordinator [INTERVIEW]Outlander explained: Why was Jamie Fraser called Sawny? [EXPLAINER]Outlander: How Sam Heughan and Caitriona Balfe worked on sex scenes [ANALYSIS] Additionally, season six featured the birth of his son Henri-Christian, who was a dwarf and sadly faced prejudice from the residents of Fraser’s Ridge. Domboy said he felt “super lucky” to be cast in the Starz series and knew from the start Fergus would have a “long journey” ahead of him with an intriguing story arc. He said the role was a “rich” one with Fergus starting off as fairly happy-go-lucky amid his romance and marriage to Marsali. However, the character has hit problems and there are darker times ahead for the former Parisian pickpocket. Domboy added: “It’s so rare to have the chance to play someone with so many years, it’s amazing.” Outlander season 7 is production and season 6 is streaming on STARZPLAY now