Demand for new electric cars has increased dramatically, with nearly 191,000 hitting the roads in 2021, an 11.7 percent share of the new-car market in the UK. Not only have individual drivers opted for electric cars, but many businesses have now switched their fleets from petrol and diesel vehicles, thanks to major savings on offer. Through Benefit-in-Kind (BiK) car tax, businesses and employees can save hundreds of pounds a year by making use of a new electric car. After tax increases in April, electric cars now pay two percent BiK tax, compared to more polluting vehicles which pay upwards of 20 percent. In the case of a petrol-powered Vauxhall Corsa SE, it emits 93g of CO2 per kilometre driven and has a 23 percent BiK rate. This is the cash equivalent of £3,530 on a car with a list price of £15,356. READ MORE: Driver slapped with £60 fine for parking in disabled bay Motorists will also pay £706 income tax on the car, leaving drivers with a total tax cost of £968. In comparison, a new Tesla Model 3 lists for £48,490, and has only two percent BiK paid on it, which is a cash equivalent of £970. After income tax and Class 1A national insurance costs, drivers will pay just £534 tax on a brand new electric Tesla. This represents a total saving of £5,249 for the employee and a £1,975 saving for the employer. DON'T MISSMan behind fuel protest that would block motorways 'has no choice' [SHOCKING]Drivers warned switching to an EV might not reduce costs [WARNING]Hidden features in your car you never knew existed [REVEALED] David Hedges, Employment Tax Partner, Azets, provides advice to employers looking to move away from diesel and petrol towards a green fleet, including plug-ins. He said: “The UK’s net-zero carbon strategy is rightly focusing minds in a way we’ve never witnessed before and this is showing through increased demand for electric battery company cars. “We are inundated with requests from companies keen to reward staff with a Government-approved tax ‘benefit in kind’ through zero carbon or low carbon emission vehicles. “The trend is toward a very strong focus on the provision of electric vehicles as part of the overall employee reward package. “This seems to be the trend across the UK.” He added that around 90 percent of their advisory work on company cars used to involve internal combustion engines, and 10 percent on electric cars. Now, that position seems to have been reversed. Petrol and diesel cars are more expensive for both the employee and the employers. Electric vehicles, and to a lesser extent, hybrid vehicles, provide significant advantages in this regard. According to industry forecasts, pure-electric cars are poised to make up one in six new cars on the road this year. This is expected to increase dramatically as the supply chain issues improve and the charging infrastructure across the UK grows. Less than eight years before the Government’s ban on the sale of new petrol and diesel vehicles, salary sacrifice schemes may become more popular.