“High cholesterol occurs when cholesterol levels go beyond the healthy range,” said Ieva Kubiliute, a wellness psychologist at Olio Lusso. Even though your body needs some cholesterol, having too much of the type dubbed “bad” could leave you with heart disease or a stroke. Fortunately, your nails could help reveal the culprit, Kubiliute explained. She said: “Although this condition lacks specific symptoms, your nails can tell a whole story. How? “High cholesterol causes the formation of plaque in your blood vessels. “As a result, blood circulation to various body parts, including hands, can take a hit. “The result? Dark lines might form under your nails.” READ MORE: Cancer warning: Popular UK drink can cause 'several types' of cancer - 'strong agreement' While your nails might ring the alarm bells, the rest of your body won’t be quiet either. Kubiliute said: “Poor blood flow due to plaque in the blood vessels might also breed numbness, stroke, and high blood pressure. “I strongly suggest checking in with your healthcare provider if you spot any of these red flags. “Your healthcare provider will perform a blood test to help you determine if your cholesterol levels are high.”  While dark lines under your nails could point to high cholesterol, the condition doesn’t often present symptoms. This ability to silently build up in your arteries makes cholesterol so tricky. Fortunately, as the expert suggested, a blood test is able to certainly confirm this condition. Your doctor may either take blood from your arm or do a finger-prick test, the NHS shares. READ MORE: Sean Connery’s widow on ‘devastating effect’ dementia had on Bond star - ‘Took its toll' Once you get the confirmation of high cholesterol, a medical professional will determine the best course of treatment for you. Whether you will have to change your diet or start taking a cholesterol-lowering medicine, there’s plenty you can do to keep your levels in check. A cholesterol-lowering diet will cut down on fatty foods rich in saturated fat. This type of fat is found in the usual offenders like cheese, butter, sausages, cured meats and biscuits. The NHS recommends eating more foods rich in unsaturated fat instead, as this can even help get rid of the “bad” type of cholesterol. For example, the health service advises to include these foods in your diet: Other lifestyle adjustments, such as exercise and quitting smoking, could also benefit your levels. However, some patients might have to start taking a medicine called statins to get their levels to drop.