Manchester United have accelerated their pursuit of Red Bull Salzburg striker Benjamin Sesko, with football director John Murtough holding talks with the 19-year-old's agent. Erik ten Hag is eyeing attacking reinforcements ahead of his maiden season as manager, and United are stepping up the search. Murtough met with Sesko's agent, Elvis Basanovic, last Wednesday to inquire about a potential transfer, the MEN understands. The Slovenia international has been on United's shortlist this summer and could soon be the subject of a concrete approach. Sesko ignited hype earlier this week with a sensational pre-season performance against Liverpool, netting the winner in a 1-0 victory for RB Salzburg. And Basanovic is now herding interest across Europe, with United firmly among clubs pursuing his signature. The report adds that Ten Hag wants at least one new attacking name this summer but would prefer two amid uncertainty over Cristiano Ronaldo's future. And after missing out on a reunion with RB Leipzig's Brian Brobbey, opting to return to Ajax after a successful loan spell under the Dutchman last season, Sesko could be the next name on his radar. JUST IN: Pep Guardiola informs Arsenal of surprise role Gabriel Jesus can fill United had identified Darwin Nunez as their priority attacking target at the start of the transfer window before Liverpool swooped in to secure an £85million deal for the Benfica man. Antony was next on Ten Hag's wish list, but Ajax have successfully priced the Red Devils out of a move. After sanctioning Lisandro Martinez's move to Old Trafford, Ajax were unwilling to part ways with the Brazilian easily and demanded north of £80m for his services. United are now scouring the market for cheaper alternatives that fit the 'young, but ready' mould. READ MORE: Arsenal snubbed by Paqueta as star 'prefers' two Premier League rivals Ronaldo has made his desire to leave M16 known after United failed to qualify for this season's Champions League, most recently at Carrington this week after arriving with his agent Jorge Mendes on Tuesday. But the club have maintained their strong stance throughout the saga so far - Ronaldo isn't for sale and is in Ten Hag's plans. If the 37-year-old were to depart in the final month of the transfer window, United would be left with just four senior attackers, including Anthony Elanga, who's coming into his first full season as a first-team player. So Ten Hag's intention to bolster his firepower comes as no surprise, and Sesko poses as an exciting option in a limited market. Click HERE to buy the new Man Utd home shirt 