Angela Levin responded to a review into claims of bullying by Meghan Markle being kept secret and said that “it's very wrong” of the Queen to decide that nothing comes out. Buckingham Palace is facing questions about why it won't reveal more about the findings of an investigation into bullying allegations made against the Duchess of Sussex.  The palace has confirmed an investigation into complaints that Meghan had bullied members of staff has concluded. The Duchess has always denied such claims. It also confirmed the review had looked at how palace staff had handled the complaints, rather than scrutinising details of the allegations themselves. Speaking on GB News, Ms Levin was asked whether Meghan is a bully to which she replied: “We can't say yes because she's denied it and we can't say no because we don't know the information.   “So you have to look around and see in Meghan’s time there are so many people who have left after six months or a year. “Also, the people who work for the Royal Family are devoted to them. "They are not lazy. They are very pleased to do almost anything they can. “They work long hours and very hard. "I think she is not an easy person to work with.” READ MORE: Lilibet's first meeting with Charles was 'very emotional'  The Duchess of Sussex has always denied such claims that two personal assistants and staff were “humiliated”. The bullying investigation was launched in March 2021, and at the time the palace said any changes in policies would be shared. Current and former palace staff were invited to speak out on their experiences of working for Meghan. A handful of aides are alleged to have come forward. At a briefing on this year’s Sovereign Grant report, an annual report which was expected to include the findings, a senior palace source said there would be no public discussion of the lessons learned. They cited the confidentiality of those involved and said: “I’m not going to comment on the changes that have been made to the policies and procedures – I’ll just say that the policies and procedures have been updated.” DON'T MISS:North Korea blames ‘alien things' from south for surge in COVID-19Fear of recession grows over uncertainty over future OPEC outputBrits to bask in weekend sunshine relief after days of thunderstorms Ms Levin spoke about her working style and if it’s “orthodox”. She said: “Yeah. But usually, if people drive you hard, they are enthusiastic, and you don’t mind working. "It’s people who don’t work hard complaint about being driven hard. “So we don’t know. But I think it's very wrong of the Queen to decide that nothing comes out because people who left traumatised, two of them are traumatised and they both have some lingering of that. “I think it’s very important for them to tell what are they going to do for the other people or how they want to re-manage things. “But they hadn’t been told anything about the investigation if it’s going to come out. “I understand family comes first, but I also think you have to care for the other people and not let them come last. "You have got to do something for them.” Express.co.uk has approached the Duke and Duchess through Archewell for comment. 