A new portrait of Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall taken by Kate Middleton at Ray Mill House in Wiltshire has just been released. This picture is for a special royal edition of Country Life magazine. The royal edition has been guest-edited by the Duchess of Cornwall to mark her 75th birthday and the magazine's 125th anniversary.  In the photo, Camilla can be seen in a blue and white floral daisy dress. This collared dress with buttons down the front was paired with a baby blue cardigan. However, it wasn’t Camilla’s style that was the most striking thing about the photo. The Duchess stood surrounded by forget-me-nots, which have become known as Princess Diana’s favourite flowers. Therefore, it seems to be an unusual choice of flower for Camilla to have in her official birthday shots. Forget-me-nots have become a favourite way for Prince Harry and others in the Royal Family to honour Princess Diana. The statue of Princess Diana that was unveiled last year by Prince William and Harry was surrounded by forget-me-nots. One of Diana’s gardeners told The Telegraph about what it was like to work around the Princess.  Graham Dillamore, who was a head gardener at the palace from 1984 to 1992, said: “She never confessed to being a fantastic gardener. “But there were certain colours she liked in the garden: soft pinks, whites, yellows, pastel shades. “She used to turn her nose up if I ever put red or deep purple flowers.” Diana’s younger brother, Charles, Earl Spencer previously outlined Diana’s love for the flower. READ MORE: Camilla stuns in £179 'magnificent' dress for surprise birthday outing “Earl Spencer, Princess Diana’s brother, gave some forget-me-nots to her when they were younger,” head gardener Sean Harkin told Vogue in 2017. “They stayed with her as one of her favourite flowers, so it was important to include them.” In 2016, Earl Spencer told People that he gave Diana a white pot of blue forget-me-nots when he was six, and it was a lasting memory for him. There is even a plaque on Princess Diana’s monument that shows her decorated with roses and forget-me-not.  Kensington Palace Gardens are now planted with similar flowers as well. The rose is a common symbol for all of England, but the forget-me-nots seem to symbolise the late Princess of Wales. Harry apparently did not know about Diana’s fondness for the flower until 2016. In May 2016, he said: “Incidentally, I found out today that forget-me-nots were my mother’s favourite flower growing up, so that’s a very nice thing for me anyway.” 