The Official World Golf Ranking have now begun the process of reviewing LIV Golf's application for recognition this week at The Open in what could prove to be a make-or-break decision. Players who have jumped ship to join LIV Golf have already faced bans from both the PGA and DP World Tours. However, they're currently still eligible to compete in major championships with the likes of Phil Mickelson, Dustin Johnson and Bryson DeChambeau all playing this week at St Andrews. Most LIV golfers have already seen their place in the world rankings drop since the first event last month. Mickelson is already down to 92nd in the world rankings while DeChambeau has fallen to 33rd. Players often rely on their world ranking to earn exemptions to compete in all the major championships. At The Open, the top 50 players in the World Golf Rankings are invited along with the top-30 in the PGA European Tournament standings and the top-30 in the FedEx Cup competition. Everyone who has won an Open Championship and is under the age of 60 are given exemptions, as well as Open winners from the previous 10 years regardless of age.  Phil Mickelson won The Open back in 2013 while DeChambeau and Dustin Johnson received exemptions due to their current rankings and past major wins at the US Open and The Masters respectively. But for players who have joined LIV Golf who are not so established on the Tour, they face the strong possibility of never building enough ranking points to qualify for a major. That could be set to change though with the OWGR chairman Peter Dawson confirming that LIV Golf have applied for ranking accreditation. “Examination of the application will now commence,” Dawson wrote. PGA Tour commissioner Jay Monahan sits on the OWGR board and he's been outspoken against LIV Golf. Just last month, Monahan described the Saudi-backed league as an "irrational threat" to golf.  "As I also said to the players, let me be clear: I am not naive," Monahan said. "If this is an arms race and if the only weapons here are dollar bills, the PGA Tour can't compete. "The PGA Tour, an American institution, can't compete with a foreign monarchy that is spending billions of dollars in an attempt to buy the game of golf. We welcome good, healthy competition. The LIV Saudi Golf League is not that. "It's an irrational threat, one not concerned with the return on investment or true growth of the game."