The Duke of Edinburgh shared his invaluable experience as royal consort with Camilla over the years. And one of the most important lessons the Duchess is said to have learned from Prince Philip is being mindful not to overshadow the sovereign. In a candid interview with Australia's Women's Weekly, the Duchess said: "He was always two steps behind the Queen, which for a man must be much more difficult than for a woman – and somebody as macho as he was, who'd commanded ships. "So I think [from the Duke] I learned that your place is several feet behind the monarch. "You're there as a back-up." Camilla also suggested she would turn from time to time to Prince Philip for counsel, calling him a "role model". She said: "The Duke of Edinburgh was always a very good ear. "He was a role model to me and a very good person to take advice from because he always told me what he thought, which was very helpful, especially with things about the Army because I took over the Rifles [regiment] from him." The Duke passed on the honorary title of Colonel-in-Chief of the Rifles to Camilla in July 2020, during a moving ceremony which took place between the Quadrangle of Windsor Castle and Highgrove House. Following the death of Prince Philip in April last year, Camilla took on another role from the Duke - the patronage of the Book Aid International, a charity working to create open access to books for everyone across the world. READ MORE: Meghan 'on path to unparalleled stardom' and 'new form of celebrity' Camilla and Philip shared a love for reading, as outlined by the Duchess following his death. In a personal tribute to the Duke shared by Camilla on the Instagram account of her online book club in April last year, Charles's wife wrote: "As Patron of Booktrust, which I inherited from my late father-in-law His Royal Highness The Duke of Edinburgh, I would like to dedicate the next series of my Reading Room to him, in memory of a great fellow reader." After having taken on some of his titles, Camilla will also step into Prince Philip's role as royal consort once Prince Charles accedes to the throne. The title Camilla will have while playing a supporting role for King Charles had been debated since their nuptials in April 2005.  At the time, Clarence House said the Duchess would be known as Princess Consort rather than Queen Consort, a statement likely prompted by the negative feelings harboured by many members of the public against the Camilla at the time. The Queen swiftly put an end to the uncertainty over Camilla's future title with a statement issued on February 5, on the eve of the beginning of her Platinum Jubilee year. After thanking the public for the unwavering support she has been enjoying over the past seven decades, the monarch expressed her wish for Camilla to take on the title of Queen Consort. The 96-year-old monarch wrote: "And when, in the fullness of time, my son Charles becomes King, I know you will give him and his wife Camilla the same support that you have given me; and it is my sincere wish that, when that time comes, Camilla will be known as Queen Consort as she continues her own loyal service." In her latest interview, Camilla said to have been "deeply touched" by the Queen's decision to settle the matter of her future title. She said: "Obviously it's a great honour and I was deeply touched for Her Majesty to have given me this role." Camilla's interview comes as the Duchess is preparing to celebrate her 75th birthday on July 17. To publicly mark the milestone, she guest-edited a special edition of Country Life magazine released on Wednesday. Camilla appeared on the front cover of the magazine, photographed by Kate, Duchess of Cambridge. In Country Life's latest issue, the Duchess poignantly featured some of the causes she champions - including helping victims of domestic violence and supporting veterans.