Rishi Sunak has entered the race to succeed Boris Johnson as Prime Minister, releasing a slick viral video announcing his candidacy. However, the video was quickly dubbed "cringey," as broadcaster Rob Rinder was left in tears from laughing at the clip while on-air. Mr Sunak is viewed as one of the early frontrunners for the job but he has also faced backlash from fellow Tory MPs amid concerns that the race will sink into infighting. The former chancellor entered the race on Friday evening with a slickly edited video campaign message posted on Twitter under the slogan 'Ready for Rishi'. Reacting to the video, Mr Rinder said: "There are no parts of my body left to cringe with. "Who thought that was a good idea? "Whoever filmed that and put it out and thought it was a good idea, I want to hear from you." JUST IN: Remainer Tory leader hopefuls warned against Brexit voter 'betrayal'  He added: "They probably told Rishi he came across as relatable and authentic and someone who will win the hearts and minds of voters. "But that video demonstrates to me that people around you don't know what they are doing! "I like Rishi, I hope I'm wrong, but my instinctive view is that this is going to come back and bite him firmly on the big behind." The former chancellor quit on Tuesday, helping to trigger an avalanche of ministerial resignations.  He announced his bid on Twitter, saying: “Let’s restore trust, rebuild the economy and reunite the country.” MPs like Steve Baker and Jacob Rees-Mogg have already bashed Mr Sunak for indicating he will focus more on fiscal prudence than immediate tax cuts. On Friday evening, Mr Rees-Mogg told the BBC: “We have had a high-tax chancellor and I belong to a low-tax party and I want to see us getting back to being a low-tax party." DON'T MISS: Jacob Rees-Mogg warns against leadership election 'stitch-up' [INTERVIEW]Steve Baker lists stumbling block that could ruin Sunak's chances [VIDEO]Tough decision now is who fills Boris’s shoes [EXPRESS COMMENT]  Meanwhile, defence secretary Ben Wallace, who was the favourite to take over as PM, has ruled himself out of the race. Instead, he insisted his focus should remain on “keeping this great country safe”. The only confirmed candidates so far are Mr Sunak, the senior backbench MP Tom Tugendhat, the attorney general, Suella Braverman, and Kemi Badenoch. Other potential candidates include Liz Truss, Sajid Javid, Nadhim Zahawi, and Penny Mordaunt. READ NEXT: Jacob Rees-Mogg warns against leadership election 'stitch-up' Thousands of pensioner miss out on a share of nearly £1.5billionSteve Baker lists stumbling block that could ruin Sunak's chancesBBC fury as Six O'Clock News during Boris crisis DELAYED for WimbledonTough decision now is who fills Boris’s shoes - EXPRESS COMMENT