Prince Charles and Camilla Parker Bowles' engagement was announced in 2005, and the Duchess-to-be debuted a stunning ring bedecked with several emerald-cut diamonds. The ring was a poignant choice on Charles' part as it had previously belonged to his beloved grandmother, the Queen Mother. But while Camilla's ring is worth a staggering sum, it is likely less valuable than the engagement ring Charles gave Princess Diana. Maxwell Stone, Creative Director at Steven Stone, said: “Camilla’s engagement ring is one of the most extensive and expensive in the Royal Family. "Featuring a five-carat emerald-cut diamond, surrounded by three diamond baguettes, I’d estimate its value to be around £212,000. "The ring also possesses a great amount of sentiment - though it wasn’t her engagement ring, the Queen Mother was seen wearing it in the 1980s. "It’s believed to have been gifted to her by King George VI.” READ MORE: Kate was 'advised not to attend' Wimbledon despite begging to go  Camilla's ring has often been compared to the one owned by Charles' late ex-wife, Princess Diana, but the rings couldn't be more different. Diana's sapphire ring from Garrard was first debuted in 1981 at her engagement photocall, and it features a 12-carat oval sapphire surrounded by a halo of glistening diamonds. Diana reportedly picked the ring herself, but her choice caused a stir as the ring was available for anyone to purchase from Garrard's catalogue, for a hefty price. The sapphire sparkler was not seen after Diana's death in 1997 until it appeared on the hand of Prince William's fiancee Kate Middleton in 2010.  In their engagement interview, William said the ring was “very special” to him just like Kate, so it made sense to “put the two together.” Mr Stone said of the two rings: “The style of Camilla’s ring is completely different to Princess Diana’s. "Camilla’s three-stone diamond ring is traditional, while Diana’s sapphire ring is bold, and broke royal tradition at the time. DON'T MISS:Where the Royal Family spend the summer in Scotland - the 4 residences [PICTURES]Prince Andrew's disastrous interview to be made into a FILM [INSIGHT]Royal Family LIVE: Prince Harry risks creating 'wild west' with claim [LIVE]  "I’d estimate Camilla’s ring to be worth around £212,500 on today’s market, while Princess Diana’s is worth around £390,000 and is likely to increase further due to its history, beauty and priceless legacy.” Since her engagement was announced, Kate has rarely been pictured without her stunning engagement ring. The ring sits alongside her traditional Welsh gold wedding band which she received in 2011, and a pretty diamond eternity band. Kate was pictured wearing the diamond band after the birth of her first child Prince George in 2013, prompting many to believe it was a gift from William to mark the start of parenthood. 