Death in Paradise fans were thrilled to hear the BBC drama will be expanding with a new spin-off series. Beyond Paradise will tell the story of DI Humphrey Goodman (played by Kris Marshall) after he returned to the UK. Ben Miller opened up about the possibility of his character's involvement in the TV series. In June 2022 the BBC and BritBox announced they had commissioned a new series set in the UK. Beyond Paradise will see the return of Kris Marshall playing the lead detective from seasons three to six. DI Goodman took over from Richard Poole following his untimely death. He will be joined by Martha Lloyd (Sally Bretton), his love interest from the UK. This has led viewers to question who else may feature in the new spin-off series. READ MORE: Deborah James crashed husband’s work call with sex toy and sieve Ben Miller opened up about whether his character could make a comeback. Although his character is dead, he has returned before in a series of visions. Speaking about whether he could join co-star Marshall, he said: "God I'd love to, is he [Kris] really? "That's so exciting, that's brilliant news! I'd love to, I mean it's Kris – don't forget your mates. "It's exciting, really great, I wonder how that's going to work? "Is he going to be on another Caribbean island? I look forward to that, that's really brilliant news," he told Hello! Magazine. From this, it seems the actor would love to return to the franchise, given the opportunity. His character made a comeback in season 10 for a cameo appearance returning as a figment of Camille Bordey's (Sara Martins) imagination to offer some words of encouragement. At the time, he said: "It was a bit like your school reunion when you all slip back into the same sort of roles. "You will find yourself, your family, your friends all doing exactly the same thing. DON'T MISS... Giovanni Pernice on turning down Strictly Come Dancing [INSIGHT]Death in Paradise POLL: Should DI Parker be replaced by a female? [DISCUSSION] Death in Paradise spin-off: Everything we know on Kris Marshall return [EXPLAINER] "All behaving in exactly the same way and it was amazing. It was great. And the scene was really, really beautifully written and handled so well." The Beyond Paradise spin-off will see Humphrey seeking a quieter life away from the stress of the city. He has taken a job as Detective Inspector in his fiancée Martha’s hometown. However, they soon discover country life is anything but peaceful. Although nothing has been confirmed, there is a chance Richard Poole could return to provide words of wisdom to his successor. Without his former colleagues to guide him, Humphrey could start seeing Richard as a figment of his imagination. Fans would love to see Richard as Humphrey's guiding light, or guardian angel. The star took to Instagram in June 2022 to share a photo of his character Richard in Saint Marie. He said: "This recent weather would be a little problematic for a certain someone wouldn't it?"  Beyond Paradise will air on BBC One.