Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel has sent a desperate plea to owner Todd Boehly that he needs more quality signings in the transfer market. Tuchel made the claim following his side's 4-0 pre-season loss to Arsenal in Orlando in the early hours of Sunday morning. Chelsea have made two signings so far this summer, bringing in Raheem Sterling and Kalidou Koulibaly for combined fees of just over £80million. But the Blues' business started later than most of their rivals following Boehly's purchase of the club from Roman Abramovich. Arsenal comprehensively beat Tuchel's side in both teams' final friendly of their respective tours to the USA. Tuchel says the result does not affect his transfer plans. He says it has been clear what the club needs to do in the market since last season. But he has called on further additions to make his team "competitive". Tuchel said: "My analysing of the season does not change because of this game. Unfortunately, it proved my point. READ MORE: Man Utd 'prepared to sanction Ronaldo loan' in counter-offer to Jorge Mendes  "The last week proves my point. I would absolutely prefer not to be right. "I did everything to prove myself wrong but at the moment I feel that I was right. I look at the last season and parts of the game where we struggled, parts of the season where we struggled, and then we got sanctioned and players left us and some players are trying to leave us, and this is where it is. "So we had an urgent appeal for quality players, a huge amount of quality players. We got two quality players but we are not competitive like this. Unfortunately you could see it today." Arsenal scored twice in each half to make it three wins from three for the Gunners in the USA. Tuchel was worried by a lack of commitment from his team and does not think they will be ready for the start of the Premier League season. DON'T MISSTottenham could demand three Bayern players in Harry Kane swapArsenal could still complete the deal of the summer after Zinchenko transferRangers fans' classy gesture to Kane and Son during Tottenham loss  He added: "I am far from relaxed. We deserved to lose which is fair enough because we were simply not good enough. We were simply not competitive. "The worrying part is that the level of commitment physically and mentally for this match was far higher for Arsenal than for us. They played I think what is their strongest line-up and structure that you see now for several weeks. This was the line-up they will try to start for Premier League games. "It was surely not our strongest line-up. This is a part of an explanation but only a little part and the other part is worrying." "I cannot guarantee we will be ready in two weeks." 