Meghan Markle can now wear the clothes and designers she likes since she is no longer a senior working royal who has to adhere to the strict fashion protocols. Princess Beatrice, on the other hand, is also not a senior working royal, but in recent years, the Queen’s granddaughter has found her fashion feet, wearing some beautiful pieces. On one occasion, Beatrice wore a strikingly similar dress to one the Duchess of Sussex wore in 2018. Meghan hit headlines four years ago when she attended the wedding of Prince Harry’s cousin, and Princess Diana’s niece Celia McCorquodale. For the occasion, Meghan wore a floor-length maxi dress by Oscar de la Renta - a designer the Duchess has since worn a lot of. It was adorned with a pretty blue floral print, and featured long billowing sleeves and a wrap front. The printed dress was £4,600 at the time and was inspired by the Wedgwood china design. READ MORE: Kate Middleton stays slim with 'most wallet-friendly' exercise The outfit was paired with complimenting CH Carolina Herrera Scala collection accessories. The clutch and fascinator were both in white, and the fascinator was worn amongst a twist updo. Earlier this year, Princess Beatrice attended the Royal Chelsea Flower Show alongside her husband Edoardo Mapelli. The royal chose a summery white and blue dress from US label Reformation. DON'T MISS...Food storage hacks: Chef warns ‘never put eggs in the fridge’ [VIDEO]Queen ‘broke tradition’ with her favourite Scottish hobby [COMMENT]Prince Harry ‘not pleased’ with Meghan’s ‘clingy’ behaviour [EXPERT] The Carolena dress had a price tag of £248 and a fresh blue and white ‘Pompadour’ print which made it a very similar print to Meghan’s dress. It featured a round neckline and a fitted bodice. The dress also had small puffed sleeves with smocking at the sleeve opening and a bell-shaped edge. The “relaxed” a-line skirt fell at a midi length and featured a “high slit to let your legs breathe”. READ MORE: 'Bravo Charlene!' Princess steps out in blue Prada gown and 'icy' hair The dress is still available to buy online and comes in sizes UK four to 16. There are also two other colour choices; Frolic and Sagittarius. To complete the outfit, Beatrice chose chunky black heels, which had a double strap above and below the ankle. These heels were from the high street brand Zara and are a repeat wear for the royal. She also wore a box bag from Zara, which has been in her wardrobe since 2018. Beatrice carried a white blazer to complete the look but was never photographed wearing it over the dress. Her hair was worn in a half-up, half-down style that was finished with a large black bow.