Arsenal have been given the opportunity to secure the signature of long-term target Arthur Melo this summer. However, it could be at the expense of letting central defender Gabriel leave the club. Mikel Arteta is enjoying an impressive transfer window so far this summer, with the acquisitions of Gabriel Jesus from Manchester City and Fabio Vieira from FC Porto catching the eye. Matt Turner and Marquinhos have also headed to the Emirates Stadium, whilst Oleksandr Zinchenko is set to complete a £30million move. But the Gunners still are not entirely content with their midfield options despite the acquisition of Vieira. TuttoMercatoWeb report that the club have re-opened talks with Juventus over a possible move for Melo this summer, after failing to strike a deal with the Serie A side for the Brazilian previously. The former Barcelona star is keen to discover where his future lies before jetting off for Juve’s pre-season tour soon. Juventus proved difficult to negotiate with in January, though the Gunners may possess the key to unlocking the deal. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd's De Jong issue, Arsenal fifth signing, Chelsea agreement According to CalcioMercato, the Old Lady have been in conversation with Arsenal recently over a potential move for Gabriel. The Serie A outfit are looking at a replacement for Matthijs de Ligt, who is set to sign a five-year deal with Bundesliga giants Bayern Munich. Tottenham Hotspur target Gleison Bremer is Juventus’ ideal replacement for De Ligt and they have reportedly bid £34m for the Torino star, though face increased competition from Inter Milan to secure his signature. Thus, if the latter secure Bremer, Arsenal may have the opportunity to propose a Gabriel for Arthur swap move. DON'T MISSFrenkie de Jong 'knows he can thrive' at Man Utd as Erik ten Hag makes plan clearMan Utd have four Antony alternatives as Ajax refuse to budgeAntonio Conte's plan for Tottenham flop Lo Celso clear after bid rejected Gabriel formed a rock-solid partnership with Ben White last season and it would be a risk for Arteta to split up the pair permanently. However, with William Saliba waiting in the wings and reportedly willing to leave if he does not receive assurances of regular game time. Arthur made 20 Serie A appearances last season but has never truly cemented himself a starting spot in the side on a regular basis. And with the likes of Youri Tielemans of Leicester City available, Arteta will presumably have to be rather fond of the Brazilian midfielder if he is to part ways with Gabriel in order to sign him.