Tottenham star Japhet Tanganga is reportedly drawing interest from Celtic, Bournemouth and Monaco, despite the fact his current employers have begun transfer talks with AC Milan over a move. The centre-back was a peripheral figure at Tottenham Hotspur Stadium last season and now faces a bigger challenge to break into the Spurs team following the arrival of Clement Lenglet from Barcelona. Tanganga burst onto the scene in north London at the start of 2020 when Jose Mourinho was in charge as he was thrust into the Spurs team for his Premier League debut against Liverpool. Following his maiden appearance for the Lilywhites, he started five of their next seven league encounters. But he was then struck down by a series of injuries and soon fell down the pecking order once again. After appearing against Burnley less than two months after his first game, Tanganga didn’t play another Premier League match for over 11 months. And last season he started just 10 top-flight games before his season was ended prematurely after he sustained a knee injury. With Lenglet, Cristian Romero, Davinson Sanchez, Eric Dier and Ben Davies all ahead of him in Conte’s defensive pecking order, Tanganga could find gametime hard to come by if he stays where he is this summer. And he has been heavily linked with a move to Milan. JUST IN: Tottenham and Arsenal in driving seat as Zaniolo swap deal rejected   But, according to Milan News, the Italian giants will face competition to get their hands on him this summer because of the interest from the other clubs. Milan have not agreed a transfer fee with Spurs yet and the negotiations won’t be easy or quick. Milan want a central defender and a midfielder, however, so they could pull out all the stops to land the 23-year-old. DON'T MISSMan Utd boss Erik ten Hag can sign very own Darwin Nunez for cut-price £45m transfer feeMan City boss Pep Guardiola sets record straight on 'Neymar swap deal offer' from PSGArsenal decide next two signings after agreeing Oleksandr Zinchenko transfer deal   A move to the San Siro would guarantee Tanganga Champions League football after AC Milan cemented their place among the European elite by winning the Serie A title last season. But Celtic have also qualified for the Champions League after winning the Scottish Premiership. And Monaco could be set to join the two teams in the group stages of the competition as they face PSV in the third qualifying round. Bournemouth, meanwhile, have returned to the Premier League after finishing second in the Championship last season. And the Cherries are desperate to sign players who can keep them in the top-flight. So Tanganga, who came through the Tottenham academy, could soon have a big decision on his hands. 