The actor, 47, took to Instagram recently and posted a photo he snapped while filming for popular ITV series Vera, which was located at a hospital. This could imply one of the characters ends up in danger, and eagle-eyed fans were quick to point out they recognised the area. Viewers are already counting down the days until series 12 airs next year, and now they know to expect a significant hospital scene. In the Instagram picture, Kenny wrote: "Loving this TRACK… 70 foot! "Love my job. Best crew in the world! 20 mins before wrap & they did this. I mean … wow!!" The photo showed a makeshift track built through the grounds of a hospital. Several of the comments suggested the location was in Hartlepool Hospital, which excited several local viewers. READ MORE: Duchess of Cornwall hits back at ‘royal racist’ claims Fans were quick to comment and speculate about the location. Instagram user peter_fl1nt wrote: "Hartlepool hospital?? I was born there." tp72 added: "Hartlepool!" while poppylettice wrote: "Love the show cany wait for some new eps." Another local, haylz2005, penned: "Wish I wasn't at work when you guys are filming especially when you are so close. Love this show and fantastic actors too @kennydoughty."  "Can't wait for the new season!" katherineofaolain wrote. ginnydavis748 echoed the anticipation, adding: "Love you as Aidan in Vera. Can’t wait for new episodes." Kenny has starred as Vera's sidekick Aiden since 2014 after the character replaced Joe Ashworth (played by David Leon). Series 11 was four episodes long, but viewers were disappointed when the instalments had to be split up. The first two shows aired in 2021, followed by the second two which aired in January 2022. DON'T MISS... UK confirmed to host Eurovision 2023 [LATEST]Call The Midwife's Cliff Parisi feels 'very lucky' over new scripts [VIDEO]Robert Redford opens up on Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid snub [INTERVIEW] The COVID-19 pandemic caused delays to production for the last series, but it seems the next should be ready for airdate as the cast have been spotted around Newcastle several times this year filming scenes. A spokesperson for ITV told The Northern Echo the cast and crew are expected to wrap up filming for series 12 in Autumn. Producers have revealed there will be four feature-length episodes in series 12. Vera actress Brenda Blethyn was recently seen with Kenny were recently acting out an intense scene at the Two Arches Cafe in Wallsend. The pair appeared pensive as they looked out of the cafe's window as the cameras were rolling. The exclusive footage comes after the stars were pictured behind the scenes of the ITV show. Now that Kenny has exposed a hospital as one of the filming scenes, should fans be worried about the fate of their favourite detective? Vera is available to watch on ITV Hub.