Lorraine Kelly will be taking her usual break from her ITV morning show this summer with Christine Lampard and Ranvir Singh taking it in turns to step in. The Loose Women and Good Morning Britain hosts have shared their ideal guests as they looked forward to presenting the show in a recent interview. Ranvir revealed her dream interviewee would be the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge’s eldest son Prince George. She said: “I love having kids on, and it would be interesting to hear what he thought about wearing a suit at Wimbledon. “Children of that age are very switched on, and it would be fascinating to hear how much he knows about his role in life. “I'd also like a conversation with the Queen. She holds so many secrets, a Pandora's box that will never be opened.” Read more: Lorraine Kelly confirms return after battle with coronavirus “I’m an ambassador for domestic violence charity Refuge and think Camilla is great, too, raising awareness of domestic violence through Safe Lives,” she added. Christine revealed her wish to interview the Duchess of Cambridge. “She's fantastic and I truly believe she was destined to become queen,” she said. “I can't imagine anyone doing a more fantastic job than her.” “What I'd most like to ask her is about the ordinary side of her life, at home away from the cameras,” she told Hello! Magazine. Lorraine returned to ITV on Monday after testing positive for coronavirus. Last week, Carol Vorderman stepped in to host while Lorraine recovered at home. Over the weekend, the Scottish TV presenter assured fans she would be back on their screens. DON'T MISSLorraine Kelly opens up on 'frustrating’ aspect of hosting ITV show [VIDEO]Carol Vorderman takes cheeky swipe at James May over The Grand Tour [INTERVIEW]Carol Vorderman leaves James May flustered by flirty compliment [INSIGHT] She shared a picture of a negative coronavirus test on her Instagram page. Loraine wrote: “NEGATIVE!! Finally – a nasty one, but feeling fine now. "See you all on Monday 9am @lorraine @itv HUGE thanks to @carolvorders for holding the fort. "I’ve missed you all. #covid #negative #backtowork #happy #feelingbetter." Fans of the presenter were thrilled to hear she had recovered as @Donnamiller1 said: "So glad you're feeling better. Looking forward to seeing you Monday, missed you." @julielynturon celebrated: "Be great to have you back! Glad you’re feeling better." “Great to hear you're feeling better, Lorraine,” @anniestirkmodel added. Lorraine airs on ITV on weekdays at 9am.