NCIS Hawaii made its big debut in late 2021 as the first NCIS spin-off to come out for seven years. The CBS drama quickly won itself millions of fans, so it didn't come as too much of a surprise when news of its renewal came out. Here's everything Express.co.uk knows so far about the future of NCIS Hawaii. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from NCIS Hawaii.CBS announced there would be another NCIS spin-off on the way at the start of last year and viewers were excited to see what it would bring to the franchise. With a female lead in Agent Jane Tennant (played by Vanessa Lachey), an ongoing LGBTQ+ romantic storyline and a stunning backdrop, it didn't take too long for fans to be hooked. So much so that, according to CBS, NCIS Hawaii averaged more than 8.25million viewers every Monday night. This was more than NCIS Los Angeles was attracting with its latest 13th season, so it made sense for NCIS Hawaii to return for more. READ MORE: ‘Hell hole - Get it off!’ BBC viewer blasts Glastonbury coverage In a statement, CBS Entertainment president Kelly Kahl said: “NCIS, one of the most popular and enduring series in the world, and fan favourite NCIS: Los Angeles have been hugely successful on the CBS schedule for years. “With the strong new addition of NCIS: Hawai’i, we are able to expand the strength of this formidable franchise across our schedule. "We couldn’t be more excited to have all three talented casts and creative teams back to bring more compelling NCIS stories to viewers in the U.S. and around the globe.” NCIS Hawaii was renewed for a second season on CBS on Thursday, March 31. Along with the rest of the 2022/2023 fall schedule, the network announced exactly when fans can expect the new series to start. NCIS Hawaii season two will premiere on Monday, September 19, on CBS with the cast recently returning to filming. The spin-off was renewed along with both the original NCIS drama and NCIS Los Angeles. DON'T MISS...BBC viewer ‘totally dismayed' over end of impartiality [REACTION]NCIS’ Jessica Knight star wraps new project away from CBS [EXPLAINER]NCIS cast: Who plays Gibbs' dad in NCIS? [CAST] NCIS season 20 is going to premiere on the same day as NCIS Hawaii, with the spin-off airing just after. NCIS Los Angeles, on the other hand, is going to make its season 14 debut a day earlier on Sunday, September 18. As of yet, it hasn't been made clear just how many episodes are going to be in season two of NCIS Hawaii. The first series consisted of 22 instalments in total, so it is likely the second outing will be made up of roughly the same. At the end of season one, Agent Lucy Tara (played by Yasmine Al-Bustami) and Agent Kate Whistler (Tori Anderson) rekindled their on-off romance. After breaking up earlier in the series, Kate serenaded Lucy at a party, confessing her love for the NCIS agent. Season one had a happy ending as the women kissed, much to the delight of their colleagues. NCIS Hawaii season 2 premieres on Monday, September 19, on CBS.