It can feel intimidating when talking to people who are knowledgeable in a particular subject that you don’t feel as fluent or confident about. Instead of bluffing your way through, put your pride in your pocket and if there is anything you don’t understand, ask questions. Some people are keen to rush ahead and get started on plans of a long-term nature. This is a big commitment and you will need more time to consider the situation from all angles. Refuse to be influenced by others who try to control your actions and decisions. Insist on looking before you leap. Remain practical when it comes to buying, selling and other financial arrangements. A partner or someone close to you is hoping you will keep both feet on the ground. A bargain offer will be a tempting one but if you don’t need this item, don’t buy it.  Money is tight. You may have no choice but to take another look at how joint funds are being used or saved. You were hoping to put spare cash into an investment or savings account but it might seem this would be better used now to pay increasing household bills. You aren’t being awkward when you turn down the chance to take charge of a group project. You know others are looking to you for guidance because you have the skills to help make a team effort successful. It’s just that you already have enough on your plate and can’t take on any more. Your methods work for you even if a boss or someone in authority criticises the way you approach a new assignment. Support will come your way from an older colleague. Although you may not have worked together before, you will find their advice helpful and their words supportive.  Be sure to get all the relevant details before putting your ideas forward during a meeting or presentation. Having all information to hand will mean you are able to answer any question that is asked. Carrying out work that is over and above your normal obligations will impress someone in authority. A team effort seems to be going nowhere and this is because there is no guidance and no structure to build on. Progress will never be made unless you all take a more practical approach. Others may start to look to you for advice and guidance. Your opinions about a political or environmental issue will clash with those of a close friend or relative. Try not to take this too personally. If everyone agreed on everything, life would be boring. Besides, you can learn a lot by listening to other people’s views and opinions.  Joining forces with a neighbour to help raise money for a particular cause could lead to a special affinity developing between the two of you. You might sense a degree of tension between two people in your life who usually get on well together. If they don’t want to talk about it, change the subject. A solo effort has been going nowhere but there are ways to remedy this situation. Any job carried out as a team will make good progress when the more hands, the lighter the work will be. As well as this, you will find the task more fulfilling when it is shared. Putting too much into a craft project can spoil its impact. You’re being too much of a perfectionist if you keep seeing mistakes where other people see none. Playing around with a piece of artwork could ruin what you have already achieved. Knowing when to stop is essential. 