Chelsea star Ross Barkley struggled for minutes last season at Stamford Bridge and an exit from west London looks very much on the cards. So much so that the midfielder has hinted on Instagram that he will be returning to his former side Everton next season. The England international has been deemed surplus to requirements by Thomas Tuchel and will be hoping a return to familiar territory will get his career back on track, according to reports. Barkley made just six Premier League appearances for the Blues last season, starting one match and scoring a solitary goal. However, with Tuchel pleading for signings in the latter stages of the transfer window, the player has hinted that he could be making way for a fresh face in the Chelsea dressing room. The 28-year-old has been heavily linked with a move to Everton this summer, with a loan deal and permanent move reportedly proposed. And Barkley has stoked the fire by unarchiving numerous posts on his Instagram from when he was playing for the Toffees which were previously hidden. Barkley left Everton on a sour note, and perhaps his social media activity suggests that he is trying to mend that fractured relationship before a deal is confirmed. Frank Lampard is keen to bolster his ranks at Goodison Park to avoid a repeat of last season, where his side avoided relegation in the dying embers of the campaign. READ MORE: Chelsea identify next three transfer targets after Jules Kounde deal hijacked by Barcelona Everton have been linked with several midfielders this summer, and the chance to reunite with Barkley and add depth in that department at a cut-price fee may be too good of an opportunity to pass up on. Though the player will be hoping for more success than he previously had when playing under Lampard, considering he fell out of favour at Chelsea when he was at their helm before being allowed to leave on loan to Aston Villa. Assuming Barkley’s transfer hints are significant, Tuchel will be hoping he can replace the midfielder with a top-quality new signing. Speaking after his side lost to Arsenal in pre-season, the German pleaded for the higher powers at the club to grant him some new arrivals, saying: “I am far from relaxed, we were simply not good enough. READ MOREChelsea can strike even better deal after £55m Jules Kounde transfer frustrationJules Kounde posts mysterious message as Chelsea fight off Barcelona for £55m transferChelsea can capitalise on cut-price transfer if Leicester block Wesley Fofana deal “I look at the last season and parts of the game where we struggled, parts of the season where we struggled, and then we got sanctioned and players left us and some players are trying to leave us, and this is where it is. “So we had an urgent appeal for quality players, a huge amount of quality players. We got two quality players but we are not competitive like this. Unfortunately, you could see it today.” Kalidou Koulibaly and Raheem Sterling have already arrived at Chelsea, though the manager has been hoping for a major overhaul, especially in defence considering the significant departures of Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen already this summer.