The Duke of Cambridge is "very keen" on trying to spare his firstborn and heir from the same difficulties he had to deal with as a child after learning he is destined to become the UK's head of state, according to royal author Katie Nicholl. Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, aren't keeping their son completely in the dark about his future role, the expert said. However, they aren't turning the fact he will one day be King into "a big deal", she added. Speaking to OK! magazine, Ms Nicholl said: "William struggled with [knowing his destiny] when he was a young man and he’s very keen George doesn’t experience that same sense of burden from an early age. "George understands the order of succession, and he knows that one day he will be King, but he also knows that’s a long way in the future. It’s not made into a big deal." Prince William was already aware he will one day become King when he was only four, Tina Brown suggested in her book The Palace Papers. On the other hand, another royal author, Robert Lacey, reported claims Prince George had been introduced to what he is expected to do in the future at some point around his seventh birthday. Kate and Prince William have been slowly but surely introducing their son to royal duties in recent months. Prince George debuted on a royal tour overseas before even turning one, as he joined his parents on a whirlwind trip to New Zealand and Australia in April 2014. On Christmas Day 2019, the third-in-line to the throne marked an important first as, alongside Princess Charlotte, he carried out his first walkabout, during which he exchanged a few words with royal well-wishers after attending for the first time the special service at St Mary Magdalene Church in Norfolk. READ MORE: 'Of course she’s aware!' Bower on how Markle is VERY much in control However, Kate and William appear to have ramped up their number of public appearances with Prince George over the past 12 months. The young royal stunned football and royal fans last July, when he attended two EURO 2020 matches at Wembley Stadium. Rather than wearing an England shirt to show support to his team, George looked smart in a suit and tie mirroring the one donned by his father. This choice highlighted Prince George was attending an official event and was representing the Crown and the rest of the Royal Family. In February, George joined his parents for another sporting event - the England v Wales Six Nations match. This engagement was particularly important for the Cambridges, as it marked the first match watched by Kate as the new patron of the Rugby Football Union - a role she took on after Prince Harry relinquished his senior royal position. But it was also a key event for Prince George, who prior to the match had to join his parents in meeting the Welsh and English's rugby teams officials. During the meeting, the boy spoke about his own love for the sport and how he is learning to play at Thomas's Battersea school. George and his siblings were very present during the four-day-long bank holiday weekend held to celebrate the Queen's Platinum Jubilee in June. Together with his sister Charlotte, he marked another first on June 4, when he paid his first official visit to Cardiff. There, brother and sister accompanied Kate and William during a walkabout and met members of the staff working to host the local Jubilee concert. George appeared increasingly confident even in front of the cameras during the Jubilee events, in particular when sitting next to his father in the royal box during the Party at the Palace concert and Platinum Jubilee Pageant. Despite the busy weekend under the spotlight, Prince George returned to the public eye once again a few weeks later, when he joined Kate and William at Wimbledon. Together, they watched the men's singles final, which saw yet another triumph by Novak Djokovic. George is believed to have spent a few days holidaying in the UK with the rest of his family. Last week, he also privately celebrated his ninth birthday, prior to which Kensington Palace released a new adorable portrait of the youngster taken by Kate.