Her Majesty penned a message to the Commonwealth nine months ago, in early October 2021. In a clip released at the time, the Queen was filmed signing off the poignant letter while sitting at her desk. The message was later rolled up and sealed to be safely placed in the Baton, which the head of state sent off to travel across the world during an upbeat ceremony held outside of Buckingham Palace. The content of the royal statement has remained a secret for the past months. But tonight, when Birmingham will host athletes, sports and royal fans for the Opening Ceremony of the Commonwealth Games, Prince Charles will read out his mother's message. Sparking an online frenzy among excited fans eager to learn the content of the letter, the Royal Family Twitter account wrote: "In October 2021, The Queen signed a message for the #B2022 Commonwealth Games Baton Relay. "After a 90,000-mile journey around the Commonwealth, tonight Her Majesty’s message will be revealed at the @birminghamcg22 Opening Ceremony." The Queen's Baton Relay reached Victoria Square in Birmingham earlier today, and was welcomed by thousands of well-wishers and a colourful spectacle. British actor and presenter Sir Lenny Henry was in charge of carrying the Baton on the last stretch of its journey. The Relay lasted 294 days and touched 72 nations and territories, including Cyprus, Pakistan and the Falkland Islands. READ MORE: Prince Harry 'not welcomed' by Anne and Sophie at Philip's funeral The Baton was passed on by more than 7,500 Batonbearers, the first one being four-time Paralympic gold medallist Kadeena Cox. The message inside the Baton will be read by the Prince of Wales as the monarch, who has been experiencing episodic mobility issues over the past months, won't travel to Birmingham for the Opening Ceremony. At tonight's event, the Queen will also be represented by Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, Sophie, Countess of Wessex, and his younger brother Prince Edward. The Earl of Wessex has been the Vice President of the Commonwealth Games Federation (CGF) since 1990 and, as such, will play a prominent role throughout the next days of celebrations of the Commonwealth and sport. With his wife, he will attend several sporting events and meet athletes coming from around the world, as well as organisers, staff and volunteers who are making the Games a reality. Hours before his attendance at the Opening Ceremony, the Earl issued a statement in which he described the Games as the "greatest manifestation of the Commonwealth". He wrote: "The waiting is over. The XXII Commonwealth Games is about to get underway and for the next 11 days all eyes will be on Birmingham and the West Midlands of England. "To all athletes, officials, spectators and visitors I bid you a very warm welcome and thank you all for coming. "It simply wouldn’t be the great festival of sport it is without you. "Yet the Games are more than just about sport, they are the greatest manifestation of the Commonwealth: our extraordinary collection of countries linked together through a myriad of bonds of common interests and relationships. "The parallel arts festival is an integral part of this celebration and reminds us of our shared values and the tremendous talent that exists across our family of nations. "The stage is now set and the show is about to begin. "To everyone involved in the production, whether behind the scenes or front-of-house: thank you, good luck and enjoy yourselves. "I know from all your preparations that you want to make Birmingham 2022 a brilliant and memorable experience. "It is to those who actually have to go on to the stage, the performers and those who are about to compete, that I wish particular good luck, to achieve your best and to inspire the next generation. "Whatever your role or involvement, I hope you have an experience of a lifetime and enjoy every moment."