Jeremy Clarkson has slammed BBC presenter Naga Munchetty's six-figure salary after the broadcaster published its list of their top-earners earlier this week. The Clarkson's Farm star, 62, took issue with the BBC Breakfast presenter's wage, which sees her earn up to £369,000. The star started off by justifying war correspondent Orla Guerin's £164,000 a year salary. Jeremy claimed that it's deserved because of the dangerous nature of her job. However, the motoring expert went on to take issue with BBC Breakfast star Naga's wage. Comparing her presenting role to Orla's, he penned: "She doesn’t have to go to work through a hail of machine gun fire. READ MORE: Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen's 'invasive' issue ahead of divorce "She doesn’t have to do her toilet on a battlefield." He went on to challenge her salary, also addressing the perks of her job. Jeremy continued: "So why, when all she does is sit on a sofa and read an autocue, will she trouser £369,000? "Naga has a cushy job and is doubtless ferried to the studios every day in a Mercedes E-Class with an air freshener," he added in his column in The Sun. However, he went on to add that even after she's finished her job for the day, she'll be pestered by fans for photos. Earlier this week the BBC published a report of their top-earners. Match of the day presenter Gary Lineker topped the list of the BBC's best-paid stars for the fifth year in a row, which saw him take £1.35million in the last financial year. The BBC star's salary is less from the £1.36million he earned last year which followed a pay cut from £1.75milion. DON'T MISS...Alex Scott admits she puts 'on an act' as she addresses her struggles [INSIGHT]Demi Moore, 59, dazzles as she displays ageless beauty in bikini pics [ANALYSIS]Louise Redknapp stuns in holiday pics as she prepares to bid farewell [UPDATE] After Gary was BBC Radio 2 presenter Zoe Ball who took £980,000. Steve Wright and Alan Shearer both came in third with £450,000. Other BBC stars who were named in the top 10 included Huw Edwards at number six, Fiona Bruce alongside Fiona Bruce, Scott Mills at number eight and Greg James who came in tenth. Gary has been presenting Match of the Day since the late 90s following his retirement from professional football. The broadcaster is one of the best-paid stars of the BBC, being paid a reported £1.75 million annually from 2016 until the 2019/2020 financial year. However, his new contract saw him take a pay cut of 23 percent. It equates to a cut of £400,000 and the five-year deal is said to be worth £6.75 million.