Liverpool target Jude Bellingham has sparked hope among fans that an Anfield switch could be on the cards, having liked Fabio Carvalho's social media post which referenced the Reds being 'an amazing club'. Bellingham is expected to be the subject of an intense transfer tug-of-war next summer, having blossomed into a commanding midfielder for Borussia Dortmund and England. The deal to bring Carvalho to Anfield was sewn up several weeks ago, although he was only pictured officially signing his new five-year contract on Sunday. Reds fans are naturally excited to welcome in the teenager, who bagged 18 goal contributions in 36 Championship games last term. But the more impatient among them are keen to see Jurgen Klopp add yet more depth to his squad. A potential club-record fee has already been splashed on Darwin Nunez, while Scottish wonderkid Calvin Ramsay has been recruited at full-back. But pulling off a deal for Bellingham may just be the most dramatic of the lot. The Liverpool faithful may just have to wait, however, as The Athletic claim that the Reds are 'very interested' in a deal that almost certainly won't happen until next summer. JUST IN: Thomas Tuchel could be on different page to Todd Boehly as Neymar to Chelsea gathers pace Manchester United and Chelsea are set to battle them for the 19-year-old, but with Bellingham 'liking' Carvalho's Liverpool signing post, many Reds fans will undoubtedly take that as a positive sign. "Absolutely proud to finally sign for this amazing club," read the caption. "Can't wait to get started. See you soon Reds." Dortmund are supposedly reluctant to let Bellingham go having already waved goodbye to one superstar this summer in Erling Haaland. The duo had forged a strong partnership in Germany, and giving up the two of them would be a crushing blow for BVB fans. DON'T MISS: Neymar's agent 'contacts' Chelsea due to Todd Boehly as Thiago Silva works on PSG transfer As such, many factors point towards next summer hosting a blockbuster transfer battle involving some of Europe's top clubs. In the absence of a release clause and with a contract that will have two years left to run at that point, the mammoth price tag has been touted at £103m. That much is fairly unsurprising given what Bellingham has achieved so early in his career. The Stourbridge-born teenager and Birmingham City academy graduate is already a Three Lions regular with 15 senior caps, and he registered 11 goal contributions in 32 Bundesliga matches last term having consolidated himself as a regular in the Dortmund midfield.  "I don’t like speaking too highly of players, especially when they’re such a young age because everybody else seems to do that pretty quickly – but I’ve been very impressed," Liverpool captain Jordan Henderson told SPORTbible earlier this year. "I like the way he plays, but I like his personality, which is the most important thing. I like the way he conducts himself. I’ve got nothing but good things to say about him. He’s a great lad, a fantastic player and I’m sure he’ll go from strength to strength as he gets older and matures. When I watch him, he plays with such maturity even now. The sky is the limit for him really."