While a free bus pass is often associated with reaching state pension age, other Britons could also benefit from free or reduced travel. However, it’s very much a postcode lottery and depends on where in the UK people live. The cost of travelling can soon add up so benefits like a free bus pass could help Britons save a fortune. There’s never been a more important time to make savings and make sure people are receiving all the benefits they are entitled to. Pensioners in England receive a free bus pass when they turn 66-years-old. However, this could be pushed back even further if the state pension age rises to 67 and then 68. READ MORE: Universal Credit: When can claimants expect Cost of Living support? In Wales, Scotland and London, however, people only have to wait until they turn 60-years-old. But it’s not just pensioners who are entitled to a free bus pass or reduced travel - 10 other groups of Britons also qualify for help. This includes people with disabilities, under 18s in Scotland and families and young people in Kent. Because the rules differ depending on where people are in the UK, it’s a good idea to check with the local council. DON'T MISSWoman discovered she owed E.ON £1,000 despite paying her monthly bill [WARNING]Britons could wait longer for prescriptions after state pension change [UPDATE]PIP: The key letter that claimants should look out for [ALERT]'Incredibly believable' TV presenter issues scam warning [WARNING] Meanwhile, jobseekers on Universal Credit may be able to get half price bus and train travel. Millions of Britons on Universal Credit don’t know that they are entitled to a 50 percent discount on train and bus travel. This could be a lifeline for people who are looking for work and need to get to and from job interviews. Anyone caring for someone who needs help getting around could also be entitled to a free bus pass depending on where they live. READ MORE: Journalist slams Vodafone for chasing £33 after mum died People may be able to benefit from free travel discounts before they reach state pension age. On its website, Age UK said: “It’s also worth contacting the individual coach and train operators to see if they offer discounts for older people. “For example, National Express offers a Senior Coachcard for people who are 60 and over. It costs £12.50 and offers a third off your travel throughout the year. “Some local authorities offer concessions that apply to local public transport. Contact your local council for more information about what they offer.” Free bus travel is available to: 