But today, a trip to Taiwan planned by top Democrat and Speaker of the US House of Representatives – Nancy Pelosi – risks a full-scale crisis, with top brass at the Pentagon eyeing the situation nervously. China has publicly threatened “strong measures” if Pelosi proceeds, with fears the Chinese People’s Liberation Army (PLA) could try to block Pelosi from landing in Taiwan or even use fighter jets to intercept her aircraft. Now, Congressional Democrats and Republicans are rallying behind Pelosi. Among them is Republican Representative Pete Sessions, who said, “if I were the speaker, I’d be going”. Meanwhile Republican Senator and former Florida Governor Rick Scott said: “I think it’s important that we go over there and tell Taiwan that they are an important democratic ally.” Republican Senator Ben Sasse, added: “Speaker Pelosi should go to Taiwan and President Biden should make it abundantly clear to Chairman Xi that there’s not a damn thing the Chinese Communist Party can do about it.” Several Democrats offered encouragement as well. Representative Jim Himes said: “The Chinese are not going to restrict the speaker of the House’s travel.” Representative Jim McGovern added: “Nobody should not go someplace because the Chinese government - which is guilty of genocide - is speaking in threatening terms.” Ms Pelosi would be the most senior American politician to visit Taiwan since Newt Gingrich in 1997, when the Republican served in the same role. Mr Gingrich himself tweeted support for Pelosi, stating: “What is the Pentagon thinking when it publicly warns against Speaker Pelosi going to Taiwan? If we are so intimidated by the Chinese Communists we can’t even protect an American Speaker of the House why should Beijing believe we can help Taiwan survive. Timidity is dangerous.” Major Trump allies have now also weighed in. Trump’s former Defense Secretary Mark Esper, said more high-ranking US officials should visit Taiwan to help shape policy in the region and that China should not have veto power over where American officials travel. Esper told CNN: “I think if the Speaker wants to go, she should go.” Trump’s former Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, tweeted: “Nancy, I’ll go with you. I’m banned in China, but not freedom-loving Taiwan. See you there!” Such rhetoric will put pressure on the White House to back Ms Pelosi, despite the fact President Biden had earlier said: “The military thinks it’s not a good idea right now.” Both sides will find it increasingly hard to back down. The CCP will not want to be perceived as weak – not least by its own people, as well as Taiwan and the wider global community – in making threats and then climbing down from them. Beijing will fear this will cause the regime to lose face when it comes to its threats against Taiwan. Meanwhile, the US will be concerned that a climbdown at its end would send a message that Chinese intimidation works. In all of this, meanwhile, the CCP has managed to achieve the unthinkable: bringing Democrats and Republicans together. It seems that the more America looks inwards, it turns on itself, but the more it looks outwards, it manages to come together. This will not be lost on Washington or Beijing.