One quick way to access prizes is to get them paid directly into the person’s bank account. This also helps prevent prizes for going unclaimed, making sure that the lucky winners get what they are entitled to. NS&I said there is a way to "receive Premium Bonds prizes faster". The savings provider said: “Customers can choose to have their prizes paid directly to their bank account or have their wins automatically reinvested into more Premium Bonds. “By having prizes paid directly, it reduces the number of prizes that go unclaimed and means that customers can benefit from their wins more quickly.” Most customers opt for the prizes to be paid directly into their bank account, or reinvested into more bonds. READ MORE: Santander UK extends 2.5% interest rate offer and increases rates across savings range This is quicker and more secure than receiving prizes via cheque in the post. The jackpot winners for July 2022 came from London and Surrey. The first winning bond for the month, 210ST236184, was bought in August 2013, by someone from inner London, who held £30,000 in Premium Bonds. The second top prize winner, from Surrey, held £22,350 in Bonds. Their winning bond carries the number 471RR305957, and was purchased in September 2021. Premium Bonds holders can check to see if they have won a prize in July’s prize draw by using the nsandi.com prize checker, official prize checker app or an Alexa-enabled device. Customers will need their Premium Bonds holder’s number to use the website and their NS&I number or holder’s number to check via the prize checker app. They can also check for any unclaimed prizes owed to them. Millions of prizes are won every month through the Premium Bonds scheme, and range from £25 to £1million, all tax free. The odds of winning are 24,500 to one, for each £1 bond. Each investment in the bonds must be £25, and they can be bought online, over the phone or by post. Money to invest in the bonds can be paid in from another NS&I account. The scheme is backed by the Government with no penalties for those who need to take out cash. With the recent increase in interest rates, those looking for a more dependable return on their savings may want to switch to a savings account. Premium Bonds can be cashed in at any time and this can be done online or over the phone. The holder’s number and bank account details will be needed, as well as the bond record, if the person wants to cash in specific bonds. People cashing in a child’s Premium Bonds will need their number and account details, as well as the bond record for specific bonds.