The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge surprised tennis lovers and royal fans by appearing in the royal box at Wimbledon on Tuesday. Kate and William didn't hide their emotions as they watched the men's singles quarter-final matches on the central court and court one. And, according to a body language expert, their reactions and behaviour present hints of how "things are to be" when Kate and William become Queen Consort and King. Speaking on behalf of Slingo, Darren Stanton said: "As always an outing on such a public scale sees Kate and William setting the scene and a precedent for how things are to be for when William becomes King. "They are two individuals who aren’t afraid to be themselves while still upholding their Royal duties graciously and as best they possibly can." The expert said the Duke and Duchess rarely display affection for one another in public with tactile gestures such as holding hands. Nevertheless, their synergy can be spotted whenever they step out of the Palace together. Analysing Kate and William's body language at Wimbledon, Mr Stanton said: "It’s interesting, as the couple were in complete unison with their behaviour while spectating. "During a tense moment on court, Kate was seen anxiously tucking her hair behind her ears as William pulled an expression of tension." As second-in-line to the throne, Prince William is destined to accede to the throne after Prince Charles. READ MORE: Meghan Markle moment that stunned Wimbledon fan: ‘It was bonkers’ As his wife, the now-Duchess of Cambridge will get the title of Queen Consort. Kate and William tied the knot in April 2011, a decade after they first met at St Andrews University in Scotland. With the passing of the years, they have gained prominence within the Firm by acquiring patronages and spearheading initiatives. Kate and William are now among the leading members of the Royal Family. Their importance was stressed on June 5, when they joined the Queen on the Buckingham Palace balcony as celebrations for the Platinum Jubilee were coming to a close. With their three children George, Charlotte and Louis, the Cambridges stood proudly next to the sovereign, only in the company of Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall. This unannounced balcony appearance is believed to have been wanted to showcase the future of the Firm and Her Majesty's three heirs. During the extended Jubilee bank holiday in June, Kate and William did not just attend the events celebrating the monarch's historic reign but were also tasked to visit Cardiff Castle. Kate and William's appearance at Wimbledon on Tuesday was their first of this year at The Championship. The Duchess attended not just because of her love for the sport but also as the patron of the All England Lawn Tennis Club (AELTC). Following the Duke of Kent's decision to step down as President of AELTC last year, Kate has been tipped to take on this role in the future. The Duke and Duchess were joined by another member of the Firm, the Duchess of Gloucester, in the royal box. Kate's parents were also spotted at Wimbledon yesterday, and the Duchess was caught on camera interacting from a distance with Carole and Micheal Middleton following her arrival in the royal box. At one point, Carole was seen playfully poking her tongue at her daughter and son-in-law, sending royal fans wild.