The Duchess of Sussex, 40, has never officially commented on running for office or embarking on a political career but speculation around an entrance into politics has long surrounded the Duchess. Former Chief Secretary to the Treasury, David Mellor, told GB News this week that “she believes her own propaganda and I think she would like to have a run for president”.  US President Joe Biden’s sister, Valerie Biden Owens, told Good Morning Britain earlier this year she would “welcome her [Meghan] to come in and join the Democratic Party”, adding “yes, perhaps, of course, she will” make a good presidential candidate. Meghan then suggested she would be “taking a trip to DC” to protest the recent overturning of the landmark Roe v. Wade abortion ruling by the Supreme Court in the US However, back in 2020, representatives for the Duchess rejected claims from a source close to Meghan who told Vanity Fair she would “seriously consider running for president” if the Duke and Duchess stepped back from royal life. But Prince Harry raised eyebrows with his heartfelt address at the United Nations, in which he touched on a number of political issues typically off-limits for the Royal Family. He denounced the “rolling back” of freedoms in the US, calling on the recent overturning of the 1973 Roe v. Wade ruling. He said: “From the horrific war in Ukraine to the rolling back of constitutional rights here in the United States, we are witnessing a global assault on democracy and freedom, the cause of Mandela’s life.” But Professor Pauline MacLaran of Royal Holloway, University of London, said the speech “certainly made his views on US politics clear”. She predicted the Duke’s freedom to comment on contemporary politics likely showed the Duke and Duchess would not return to royal life. READ MORE: Meghan acted liked a 'princess' at NY restaurant with Harry She added that Harry’s tentative forays into voicing his political opinions were more supportive of Meghan’s recent comments, rather than laying the foundation for “any political future for himself”. Professor MacLaran told Express.co.uk: “In his UN speech Harry has certainly made his views on US politics clear. “I think this is more about supporting the content of Meghan’s recent Vogue interview with Gloria Steinem than indicating any political future for himself (except as her husband if she takes that direction). “As a non-working royal, he is free to express his opinions although I imagine it makes any future chance of him returning to royal duties even more remote.” DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Gosh! Netflix stuns with new Meghan & Harry plan [LIVE] Prince Harry's 'clunky' Mandela speech full of 'self-righteous anger' [ANALYSIS] Royal POLL: Should Meghan and Harry stay away from politics? [VOTE] Meghan has similarly commented on the “rolling back of constitutional rights” in conversation with journalist and feminist Gloria Steinem. She told Vogue: “Well, Gloria, it seems as though you and I will be taking a trip to DC together soon.” She then told Ms Steinem: “If you are someone who truly believes that there can be something better, if you're someone who sees injustice, you have a choice: You can sit there and be complacent and watch it, or you can say, ‘What can I do to get us to the other side of this?’” She commented: “I think it's equally about honouring the people who've been doing the work long before us, like Gloria. “I'm grateful that I'm holding a baton right there next to her and that we will continue to be doing this work together.” The Duchess of Sussex has previously waded into the debate about paid parental leave for all, saying she spoke not in a capacity as a “politician” or “elected official”, but as an “engaged citizen and a parent”. But although the Duchess has never clarified any intention to run for office, royal expert Russell Myers has said Meghan is “making the right noises” for a political career in the future. He asked: “Does she have political ambitions? I do think she does. “And she's certainly rubbing shoulders with the right people and making the right noises.” He added: “So, you know, sometimes it might not seem so ludicrous that she might stand for office because she's certainly making the right noises.”