Kate Turner, Miracle-Gros’s gardening guru has shared a simple basil trick which she claims makes tomatoes taste “sweeter”. She said: “A little tip is grow your tomatoes with your basil. Buy a basil plant from the supermarket, plant it next to your tomatoes and it’s supposed to make your tomatoes taste sweeter. “It’s not 100 percent scientifically proven but a lot of people are saying that works. “Even so, you’ve got your tomato and your basil growing together and that’s a great pairing.” Tomatoes also like a lot of sunlight in order to thrive. Kate said sunlight can also help to improve the flavour of tomatoes.  READ MORE: Easy ways to clean stubborn stains from grout without bleach  She said to give them “as much sunlight as they can get”. “The more sunlight they get, the sweeter the tomatoes,” she added. There is little scientific evidence that growing basil makes tomatoes sweeter. However, lots of gardeners swear by the trick.  DON'T MISSPippa Middleton buys new £15m property in Berkshire for growing family [INSIGHT]Tomato plant pruning: How to fix yellow or curled-up leaves [UPDATE]How to keep cats out of your garden - 'straightforward' [ANALYSIS] Some studies show that growing basil alongside tomatoes means they produce more fruit. Evidence does show that growing basil near tomatoes is beneficial for the health of tomato plants. Basil can help to protect tomato plants against some pests. Basil can help deter white flies, mosquitoes, tomato hornworms, aphids, houseflies and asparagus beetles. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea This can also work when using extracts made from the leaves. Tomatoes that end up being flavourless and watery are often the result of overwatering. Too much water taken in by the plant in later stages of the plant’s development can make the fruit grow too quickly so the flavour becomes diluted. Baking soda, also known as bicarbonate of soda, can also be used to sweeten tomatoes.  The household solution can lower acidity levels which makes tomatoes sweeter. Sprinkle the powder onto the top of the soil surrounding the plant. Epsom salt can also be used to make fruits and vegetables taste sweeter. Epsom salt helps to boost the levels of chlorophyl in the fruit. The more chlorophyl means more energy, and more energy means sweeter fruit.