A spokesperson for Highways England tweeted just after 4pm: "The #M6 has been blocked in both directions between J32 and J33 due to a @lancspolice led incident due to a pedestrian on the network. Further updates from police to follow."  Stuck drivers even exited their cars. Fed up, some asked on social media when the lanes will be reopened. Replying to a motorist asking why all the lanes have been closed, a police spokesperson said: "It's police led so you will need to take your complaint up with them. As soon as they release the block we will update our feed." National Highways North West has since confirmed traffic has now been released in both directions following the earlier police incident. Delays are expected to continue. In a tweet, National Highways North West said: "The @lancspolice incident has now ended and all blocks have been released in both directions. It will take time for traffic to start easing but all lanes are running." READ MORE: London hit with electricity shortage as capital 'running out'  Lancashire Police has been approached for comment. Those being temporarily held on the M6 have said it is "really bad". In one photo shared by Joe Gibson, passengers travelling northbound are seen at a standstill. Inrix reports: "M6 in both directions blocked severe delays, queueing traffic due to police incident from J32 M55 (Broughton Interchange) to J33 A6 Preston Lancaster Road (Lancaster South / Garstang). Congestion to the A6 through Garstang as traffic tries to divert." DON'T MISS:Putin facing 'emergency situation' as 'Doomsday plane' breached [INSIGHT]Piers Morgan panel stunned as guest defends Russia invasion [VIDEO]Man comes home to find family dog eating wife's 'mutilated' body [PICTURES]  This is the second incident on the M6 today after a lorry fire caused chaos this morning. A stretch of the M6 and M55 in Preston were shut this morning and caused major disruption in surrounding areas. Six fire engines were sent to tackle the blaze with photos from the scene showing huge plumes of smoke across the motorway. The M55 has fully reopened as has part of the M6 but it is still partially closed to allow a complex recovery process to take place.