Cristiano Ronaldo was recently subject of an ‘agreement’ between Chelsea owner Todd Boehly and his agent Jorge Mendes, according to reports. The Portugal international is eager to leave Manchester United for a team playing in the Champions League. However, despite links to Atletico Madrid also arising, the 37-year-old instead seems likelier to stay. United finished sixth in the Premier League table last term, enduring a nightmare campaign under both Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick. And that’s led to Ronaldo wanting to leave the club, just 11 months after his Hollywood homecoming from Juventus. Chelsea have emerged as potential suitors, though the Blues appear to have now ruled out a deal due to Thomas Tuchel. Yet AS claim Ronaldo ‘came close’ to a deal with the west London side ‘a few days ago’. It’s claimed Blues owner Boehly and Mendes both came to an agreement that would see the Portugal international make a shock move to Stamford Bridge. Man Utd transfers: Barcelona draw up De Jong punishment plan However, Tuchel’s reluctance is said to have ‘truncated the agreement’. United, for their part, would also flatly refuse to let their No 7 move to a direct Premier League rival. Bayern Munich have also been put forward as potential suitors for Ronaldo, especially after Robert Lewandowski’s move to Bayern Munich. But the Bundesliga titans recently shut down talk of a transfer through three different sources. Oliver Kahn, president of the Bayern board of directors, said: “I love Cristiano Ronaldo and everyone knows how fantastic he is. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Man Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leave Man Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong “But every club has a certain philosophy and I’m not sure if it would be the right thing for Bayern and the Bundesliga if we signed him now.” Another Bayern chief, sporting director Hasan Salihamidzic, added: "I have a lot of respect for Cristiano Ronaldo, his successes and his career. “But once again: That was and is not a topic for us." And Julian Nagelsmann, Bayern manager, said: “I saw all rumours on my interest in signing Cristiano Ronaldo, but that’s not true.” Now, there’s chatter of Ronaldo potentially moving to Atletico Madrid. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. That’s despite the fact the veteran previously spent nine years wearing the colours of fierce rivals Real Madrid. But while reports in Spain claim there’s been ‘contact’, Express Sport understands a move to Diego Simeone’s side won’t be happening. Meanwhile, former United star Nani recently had his say on Ronaldo’s future. The Melbourne Victory winger previously spent two years playing alongside the United star at Old Trafford. And he wants Ronaldo to stay, saying: “I hope so. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “He’s an important player and a player who always makes a difference. “I hope he’s in a good mood to help the club, so hopefully he’ll stay.” When asked if he’d spoken with Ronaldo, however, Nani insisted his compatriot was hard to get hold of. “No, when he’s on vacation he doesn’t answer the phone to anybody!” he said. “I tried to talk to him, but he said ‘I’m so busy now, we’ll talk soon’.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here