Mr Johnson completely ignored the scandal surrounding his former deputy chief whip Chris Pincher as opened the first meeting in person with his senior ministers since the allegations first emerged. Stony-faced, the senior politicians showed little support for their boss as he sought to shift the focus onto the economy.   Ministers have been urged to threaten to resign en masse unless the Prime Minister stands down in a bid to put an end to the repeated sleaze allegations surrounding his leadership. Mr Pincher resigned last week over allegations he drunkenly groped two men at a private members' club. No10 initially said the Prime Minister had been unaware of previous sexual assault claims, which stretch back as long as 12 years ago, when he was appointed to Government in February. But Downing Street has been accused of repeatedly shifting its account in the days since. READ MORE: Plotters launch attack to oust Boris TODAY as PM ready to fight back In the latest dramatic development in the saga, Lord McDonald, who used to be one of Britain's most senior civil servants, has written to the Standards Commissioner with a bombshell revelation that Mr Pincher's behaviour had been known and investigated before he was forced to resign last week. He accused Mr Johnson of "not telling the truth" about what he knew and that his attention has been drawn to a complaint which was upheld when Mr Pincher was a Foreign Office minister in 2019. In a scathing letter, Lord McDonald wrote: "Five days after Mr Pincher's resignation as deputy chief whip, there remains significant confusion surrounding complaints about his behaviour prior to the drunkness he admits at the Carlton Club on 29 June." He went on: "Inaccurate claims by 10 Downing Street continue to be repeated in the media. On 3 July, the BBC website report: 'No official complaints against [Mr Pincher] ever were made.' "This is not true in the summer of 2019, shortly after he was appointed as minister of state at the Foreign Office, a group of officials complained to me about Mr Pincher's behaviour. "I discussed the matter with the relevant official in the Cabinet Office. (In substance the allegations made were similar to those about his behaviour in the Carlton Club). READ MORE: Boris Johnson's replacement: Who Tory voters WANT to see as next PM "An investigation upheld the complaint; Mr Pincher apologised and promised not to repeat the inappropriate behaviour." Deputy Prime Minister Dominic Raab, who was Foreign Secretary at the time of the 2019 complaint against Mr Pincher, said this morning that Mr Johnson was not "briefed directly" about the incident. He told BBC Radio 4's Today Programme: "In relation to what happened in 2019, I'm not aware that the Prime Minister was briefed directly about it. "I have discussed this with the Prime Minister over the last 24 hours, it is not my understanding that he was directly briefed." With anger growing within the Conservative Party, one previous loyalist told Express.co.uk that he is now "fed up" with the repeated negative headlines. The MP said: "I have been a rock solid loyalist, backed Boris to the hilt. But I've had enough. I'm not happy at all." DON'T MISSWarring Tories urged to focus wrath on Brexit EU red tape [REVEALED]Have your say: Who do you want as next PM if Boris gets the boot? [REACTION]Labour MPs will force Starmer to rejoin the EU [INSIGHT] Speaking in the House of Commons, senior backbench Tory MP William Wragg said ministers in Government must "consider what they are being asked to say in public, which changes seemingly by the hour". He added: "I would ask them to consider the common sense of decency that I know the vast, vast majority of them have and ask themselves if they can any longer tolerate being part of a Government which for better or worse is widely regarded as having lost its sense of direction. "It is for them to consider their positions." Meanwhile, a former aide to Boris Johnson, Tim Montgomerie, demanded that the Cabinet turn on the Prime Minister and remove him. In a furious tweet urging action within the next 24 hours, he said: "Hi Cabinet. For your own self-respect don't give one more interview defending stuff you know is indefensible. "You aren't kidding yourself; let alone us. "Then we need eg Sunak and Javid and Wallace (other combos available) to tell Boris [this morning] he goes or you all go. "End this cr*p today." After Mr Johnson survived a confidence vote last month, backbench MPs are currently unable to oust their party leader for another year. Internal Tory party rules state that a confidence vote can only take place every 12 months in order to prevent repeated ballots from being held. However, rebel MPs are already plotting a way to change the confidence vote rules if senior ministers refuse to resign to force out Mr Johnson. An election for the 1922 Committee, responsible for leadership elections, is due to be held next week. A number of rebels are planning to stand with the simple pledge of shortening the gap at which votes can be held.