Chelsea target Raheem Sterling has reportedly sold his house up north, with the Manchester City star due to complete his move to west London 'this week'. Sterling could be joined at Stamford Bridge by his current City team-mate, Nathan Ake, who is also on Blues owner Todd Boehly's hit list. A season of relatively sporadic game time seems to have pushed Sterling over the edge, with competition only set to increase as Phil Foden matures, Jack Grealish beds in and new duo Erling Haaland and Julian Alverez get started. Last campaign Sterling racked up 30 Premier League appearances - the lowest total he has managed since signing from Liverpool in 2015. CBS Sports' Ben Jacobs claims that his move to Chelsea could be sewn up this week, and certain tell-tale signs are painting it as an inevitability. One of which is the claim that he has already sold his house in preparation to move back down to London, where he spent many of his early years. JUST IN: Rangers ace Joe Aribo 'has final wish' as Gers in £10m talks with two Premier League clubs https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=06KZ_jS-sWM Sterling has not been based in the capital since 2010, when he joined Liverpool's youth set-up after spending seven years with Queens Park Rangers. In the meantime, the winger has racked up over 100 Premier League goals and is closing in on 80 England caps. The 27-year-old has just one year left on his City contract, but reports indicate that the Sky Blues could be about to fetch as much as £45m by selling him to Chelsea. That's just as well, given that Sterling would arrive at Stamford Bridge with the brief of closing the gap on his two former sides. DON'T MISS: Cristiano Ronaldo being pushed towards Manchester United exit door by two players Negotiations between City and Chelsea have been relatively slow-going, presumably because the Blues are also attempting to thrash out a deal for Ake. Like Sterling, the Dutchman is supposedly open to the idea of the move, having spent six years on Chelsea's books earlier in his career. City are under no real pressure to sell, however, with Ake's contract due to run until 2025. As such, a hefty £50m price tag has been pinned to the 27-year-old, who appeared 27 times in all competitions last season as Pep Guardiola oversaw a demanding campaign on multiple fronts. Chelsea fans have plenty of storylines to keep their eye on at present, with new owner Boehly seemingly keen to hit the ground running. The most controversial among them is undoubtedly their reported interest in wantaway Manchester United star Cristiano Ronaldo. Boehly and his agent, Jorge Mendes, have supposedly held talks with the Portuguese keen to play Champions League football next term. Matthijs de Ligt and Jules Kounde are also on boss Thomas Tuchel's defensive wish list, while the club must come to swift conclusions on the futures of in-demand youngsters like Conor Gallagher, Armando Broja and Levi Colwill.