Mr Falvey discussed why people seemed to think Rishi Sunak would be in the final of the leadership contest. The Deputy Digital Political Editor then went on to discuss the reasons why Mr Sunaks leadership opponents were doing everything they could to throw political punches at him. Mr Falvey claimed that the leading opponents knew Mr Sunak was "the one to beat."  The leadership contest will whittle down the Conservative candidates further on Monday as one opponent will lose out on the chance to become the next Prime Minister. Mr Falvey told GB News: "I think most people seem to think Rishi Sunak is guaranteed to get into the final two. "The way this works is, they'll be whittled down to the final two candidates, who will then go to the wider Tory membership for the final vote. "And everyone seems to accept Rishi Sunak is going to be in that final two and that means that everyone wants to throw punches at him.  JUST IN: Ukraine: Putin raiding ‘hell hole’ prisons as he sends cannon fodder to front lines     Mr Falvey added: "Because they know that if they make it, he's the one they're going to be against. "And therefore he last night was getting punches from every angle possible. "They all wanted to have a pop at his record because they know that he's the person to beat." Mr Sunak has been waiting for this moment for months, as he already had his campaign ready six months before Mr Johnson's resignation. READ MORE: Boris faces no confidence vote TODAY after surprising MPs by calling vote in HIMSELF    Many of the Conservative leadership candidates have vowed to lower taxes for Britons in the UK. Many citizens are struggling due to the current cost of living crisis. Mr Sunak is one of two leading candidates in the running that is not vowing to cut taxes. And Mr Sunak has faced criticism for the current inflation on the British economy, with some Britons blaming him for the mess, as he was previously in the role of Chancellor of the Exchequer, up until two weeks ago. Mr Sunak has also faced backlash over his family upbringing, as some claim he is too out of touch due to his wealthy status. DON’T MISS: Shock as President Zelensky fires ‘treasonous’ security chief and prosecutor general[INSIGHT]Meghan Markle left Vanity Fair editor feeling 'manipulated' with her media 'demands' [REVEAL]Brexit LIVE: BBC row as Huw Edwards wades in on Mordaunt over 'brilliant' Brexit lies clip [SPOTLIGHT]  During Mr Sunak's ending statement in the political debate, he touched on his upbringing and the next general election where he will run against the Labour Party if elected as Prime Minister. Mr Sunak said: "We have a choice. Do we confront the challenges we face with honesty and responsibility or not? I'm standing because I believe I'm the only candidate who can take the fight to Labour at the next general election... Our potential is limitless. "My parents worked hard to give me a better future and that's what I would do for your children and grandchildren as prime minister."  READ NEXT