Grime and food from pots and pans as well as things like soil from watered houseplants can easily get stuck down the drain, creating an unpleasant odour. So, homeowners can make sure their kitchen is a pleasant space to be by cleaning the kitchen sink – and in particular the drain – once a week. Jelina Saliu, Chief Innovation Officer at Safely,  the home care and cleaning brand by Kris Jenner and Emma Grede, says: “Various foods and objects can easily drop down the kitchen sink and get stuck, clogging the drain which makes it hard for water to flow down. “When this happens, white vinegar, baking soda and a good cleaning spray will be your best friends.” There's nothing more annoying than a dirty, blocked sink drain, but by working this job into your kitchen cleaning routine, it needn't ever be a problem. Below, Jelina has shared her top tips on how to clean a kitchen sink drain thoroughly. These techniques will work, whether homeowners are cleaning a stainless steel sink, or one of any other material. READ MORE: Easy 55p natural solution to unblock drains in 10 minutes The first thing to do is to unclog the sink of any obvious blockages before cleaning. If the issue isn't so much cleanliness as a faulty drain, Britons may need to look to change their kitchen sink drain. One any obvious blockages have been removed, it is then time to make a baking soda and water mix. Jelina instructed: “Bring a big pot of water to a boil and add about a quarter cup of baking soda. DON'T MISS: Boris Johnson: Where he may live with Carrie and children [INSIGHT]Common mistakes gardeners make during hot weather - how to avoid [EXPERT]Common watering ‘mistakes’ to ‘avoid’ when watering garden plants [TIPS] “This will begin to fizz so you’ll need to act quickly. “Pour this mixture directly into the drain.” After it is time to add white vinegar and pour the mix down the drain. The cleaning pro advised: “Add about a half of a cup of white vinegar. “You’ll hear some gurgling noises but this only means this solution is doing its best work. READ MORE: Common house features that devalue your home by 20% - ‘quick to amend’ “Baking soda and white vinegar are the perfect pairing to remove unwanted smells as well as unclogging the drain.” Leave for 10 to 15 minutes for it to work its magic. Jelina added: “You may need to do this up to three times for optimal results.” Then it is time to apply an all-purpose cleaning spray to the sink and drain for a sparkling finish and pleasant aroma. Or, homeowners can always just use the baking soda/vinegar mix to clean with. Jelina said: “Once this is complete, spray down your sink generously with a cleaning spray. Then wipe dry with a reusable cloth.” Noticed some unpleasant black gunk coming out of the drain? “This is build-up over time from food and other hard particles that may get lost in your drain,” says the cleaning guru. You can remove it with a combination of baking soda and vinegar, made into a paste and applied to the black gunk with some hot water. Scrub away any excess then rinse with hot water.