Financial educator Charlotte Jessop, from Norwich, says it’s a “tough time”, with soaring inflation and rising house prices. But the former Maths teacher has a host of tips for Britons on how to reduce their bills, calling on her own experience of living frugally.    She managed to slash her weekly groceries bill for her family of four, from £125 to less than £80 per week. Top tips to achieve this include planning ahead meals and switching to cheaper alternative brands, or bulk buying with neighbours to get the most out of supermarket deals. The family also switched energy providers last year, reducing their energy bill from £90 to £70, prior to the recent spike in prices. She runs a financial coaching service, Looking After Your Pennies, and shares her tips about budgeting and savings with her 65,000 followers on TikTok. She told Express.co.uk: “One of the things I’ve been talking about quite a lot is this idea of financial wellbeing and looking at the stress that people feel. “It’s partly a lack of financial education, people don’t know what support and systems are out there to help them. READ MORE: Santander issues warning on text which could drain your account    “What we’re seeing is an increasing number of people who are now falling into the category of needing to pay really close attention to their finances. “Maybe they didn’t need to before, they could just spend and it worked out. “As prices are increasing, energy costs and petrol are going up and up, more and more people do need to pay attention.” Another major saving her family achieved was saving at least £1,500 a year by switching from two cars to one car. She said of making changes while having two young children: “They’re still quite adaptable and still rely a lot on me.” She recalled a time when her youngest was unhappy with a supermarket brand version of a popular cereal brand that she bought in an attempt to save money. DON'T MISSState pension: Grandparents could secure a boost worth £2,340 [INSIGHT]National Insurance: Sunak's £3,631 'secret tax raid' to 'crush' Brits [ANALYSIS]Woman, 42, ‘cuts tablets in half’ in prescription charge struggle [EXCLUSIVE] The mum said: “There is an element of having to consider their needs, you have to adapt to their needs and desires as well. “But actually it makes me be a bit more creative, so what I now do, I look on apps to see when sometimes they have them come up cheap or they are on offer. I’ll stock up on them then.” The family had a radical rethink about their expenses three years ago, as they prepared for a round the world trip. By switching to reusable alternatives, the family saved some £120 a year on nappies and £80 on kitchen roll and wet wipes. They also stopped using food bags and cling film, saving £20. Charlotte even used ditched shampoo and conditioner, washing her hair with vinegar instead, saving the family £90. She said that reducing expenditure on eating out is a key way that Britons can slash their costs. The money saving coach said: “In the world that we live in, with Uber Eats and Deliveroo, food is a convenience. “It’s nice food as well - if you’re not the best cook in the world, that temptation is there. “It’s definitely an area that I encourage people to look at and manage. “I’m never going to sit there and say cut all these things out, live a completely miserable life where you don’t have these things. “That’s where the fun and enjoyment is. “But set some limits, put some budgets in, and it’s particularly important if you’re working towards a bigger savings goal. “If you find you’re getting to the end of the month and you’re spending £50 and £100 more on eating out and takeaways, that could go towards your house deposit or your retirement savings or that holiday you want to take with the kids.” The family saves up Tesco clubcard points to get a free meal at Pizza Express, ordering tap water to drink. She also said it’s a good idea to keep an eye out for essentials selling on the market that could be cheaper than in the shops. Charlotte’s Looking After Your Pennies blog has tips on savings and investing money, as well as how to cut costs on everyday essentials.