Stacey Solomon has been branded "very, very misunderstood" by her Loose Women co-star Jane Moore. It comes as the flame-haired star, 32, enjoyed a second hen do with her Loose Women co-stars and crew at Pickle Cottage, which saw her colleague's give speeches ahead of her wedding to Joe Swash. Earlier today, Stacey took to her Instagram to reveal to her 5.3 million followers that she had a special dinner last night with her Loose Women friends who couldn't make the hen do. She told how they travelled from the studio to Pickle Cottage in a bus, before having a celebratory dinner at her home. In the next slide, the star shared a clip from the evening as her Loose co-star Jane Moor gave an emotional, 12-minute speech. Standing up, Jane said to Stacey: "You're completely amazing, you're very authentic, very real," she gushed as everyone began to laugh. READ MORE: Hairy Biker Dave Myers battling 'c**p' pain but 'chemo is working' Jane continued: "And very, very misunderstood. "I think less so now, but in the early days people misunderstood you. Jane explained:"They thought maybe that you were, you know, not sort of like super bright, and you are so bright. "And Stacey will sit me down sometimes in a show and she'll go, 'So tell me the difference between the Senate and the House of Representatives?' "And I'm like, 'oh my God!' "You're amazing," Jane finished as everyone started toasting to Stacey and Joe. In the caption, Stacey wrote: "I don't have any videos or pictures because I put my phone away. "All I have is this video my mum recorded of Jane's speech because she was so proud and a photo of the Loose team. DON'T MISS... Alex Scott admits she puts 'on an act' as she addresses her struggles [INSIGHT]Demi Moore, 59, dazzles as she displays ageless beauty in bikini pics [ANALYSIS]Jeremy Clarkson slams Naga Munchetty's six-figure BBC salary [UDPDATE] "Here's a snippet of the speech, it was 12 minutes long," she penned alongside laughing faces. She continued: "I love my @Loosewomen family so, so much, thank you for believe in me always... six years and counting." It comes after Stacey embarked on her hen do to Mykonos with close friends and family members. The Tap to Tidy star left fiance Joe at Pickle Cottage to take care of their children. Stacey has four children, Leighton and Zachary from previous relationships, as well as Rex and Rose with her fiance Joe. Ahead of leaving, the star shared a sweet video of her last few cuddles with Rex, who was wearing her bangles. Stacey captioned the video: "Cuddles all night with this one tonight. She then shared a video of her youngest, Rose, in her high chair laughing, leaving the Loose Women presenter to admit that she will "miss this little laugh".