The Duke of Edinburgh's Award Gold Award Celebration will be taking place today at the Palace of Holyroodhouse, the Queen's official Scottish residence. The Queen has entrusted her youngest son Prince Edward, known as the Earl of Wessex and Forfar when he is in Scotland, to host the celebration for Gold Award holders from across the country. Prince Edward is a Trustee of The Duke of Edinburgh's Award, and he is expected to deliver a speech to the guests.  Edward's involvement with his father Prince Philip's legacy project can be seen as preparation for his future Duke of Edinburgh title. Since his father retired from public duties in 2017 and then after his death in 2021, the baton has fallen to Edward to be the royal face of the international youth scheme. Edward's involvement with the Duke of Edinburgh's Award is particularly fitting, as it was Philip and the Queen's wish that Edward would one day carry the Duke of Edinburgh title. When Prince Edward married Sophie Rhys-Jones in 1999, it was agreed they would take on the titles of Earl and Countess of Wessex.  READ MORE: Prince Charles takes on new role as he is given new title The Queen was said to have humoured Edward when he requested the 11th Century title on the basis that he liked the character of Lord Wessex in the blockbuster film, Shakespeare in Love. But at the time of his wedding, it was also announced the Queen and Philip intended for Edward to be created the Duke of Edinburgh when they had both died. Prince Philip died in April 2021 at the age of 99, but under the current peerage rules, his Duke of Edinburgh title went to Philip's eldest son, Prince Charles. While Charles is now the Duke of Edinburgh, he does not publicly use the title and instead goes by his Prince of Wales title and his Duke of Rothesay title while in Scotland.   But when Prince Charles is King, all of his titles will merge with the Crown, leaving the Duke of Edinburgh title vacant once again. There has been some speculation in recent years that Charles may not give Edward the title and that he could use it for another member of the Royal Family, but this was struck down by royal commentator Dickie Arbiter last year. He said: "That Prince Edward will become The Duke of Edinburgh in the next reign was his father's and is his mother's wishes and Prince Charles won't go against those. "It won't happen immediately but by 2029, when Edwards turns 65, it will. Time for speculation, without substance, to cease."  DON'T MISS:Sophie makes 'difficult' job of filling Queen's shoes 'look easy' [ANALYSIS]Sophie Wessex lauded for borrowing from Queen Elizabeth's playbook [INSIGHT]Why was Duke of Kent's son removed from the line of succession? [EXPLAINED] Prince Edward is a rare exception to the age-old royal precedent that the monarch's sons receive a Dukedom when they marry. But in honour of his 55th birthday in 2019, the Queen granted Edward a new title, making him the Earl of Forfar. When Edward dies, the Earldoms of Wessex and Forfar will go to Edward's only son, James, Viscount Severn. The Viscount Severn title is one of Edward's subsidiary titles, and it is used by his son James as a courtesy. 