Describing their experience, Kerry Cox said that she travelled with her husband and their two children to Antigua, to enjoy a luxury holiday on the Caribbean island. Initially, they were blown away by the beauty of the resort and their luxury £18,000 hotel. However, the family left early after learning that an adults-only festival would be taking over the building for the final five days of their holiday.  The 24-hour party would be taking over the entire hotel complex in the middle of their stay, and include a foam and paint party, neon swimwear bash and string of DJs. Despite booking the holiday in advance the Coxes say that Virgin Holidays had not informed them of the event, reports Mirror Online. The Northamptonshire family had looked forward to relaxing after two difficult years and being pampered through the Diamond Club package, where they would even have a private butler. Instead, mum Kerry Cox, was left furious that her 10 and 16-year-old would be surrounded by drinking and partying adults. A spokesperson for Virgin Holidays said the firm has moved the family to an upgraded property for the remainder of their holiday. Kerry said: "The party is 24 hours a day, so even if we were out during the day we would be coming back to the evening parties. I have two children.  "You come on a family holiday and expect a family resort. An Ibiza-style neon beach party and foam party is not what I booked for a family resort." Kerry added: "It's my job as a mother to protect my children. With parties planned for every location in the hotel, on the beach and at the pool, where can I take my family?"  After contacting the in-hotel reps and Virgin customer helpline in the UK, it was suggested to Kerry that the family go on day trips to get away from the party. She said: "As a family, we were offered up to 100 dollars each, but the days out cost 150 dollars per person on average. "You compare that to how much we spent on the hotel. Virgin didn't want to sort it." Kerry added: "If it was just my husband and I, we would have stayed and made the most of it." The family moved to another hotel nearby, after turning down another option due to its stairs, as Kerry's husband has a heart condition. "In the end, we just had to move so took Virgin's suggested like-for-like. Upon arrival it was horrific, and our room was rodent-infested, with rodent faeces in the room. I expected like for like, but it was disgusting" Kerry explained. She continued: "When you go through Covid and money is tight. This is not an average holiday. It's a once-in-a-lifetime.  "You put your trust in a reputable tour operator like Virgin, but all they did was take our money, fly us and ruined our holiday." The Coxes moved back to the Royalton Hotel for a night before Virgin moved them on to Blue Water Bay. However, whilst Kerry said it was not her first choice of hotel and they felt let down by Virgin, they plan to stay there for the remainder of their holiday. A spokesperson for Virgin Holidays said: "We’d like to sincerely apologise to Mrs Cox and her family for any disruption or inconvenience caused to their holiday in Antigua. "Our teams have been in contact with them to discuss their options and have moved them to an upgraded property to ensure they enjoy the remainder of their holiday." 