Mattia Binotto has claimed Ferrari can win the final 10 races of the 2022 Formula One season in a major blow to Lewis Hamilton. Mercedes star Hamilton is trying to maintain his record of securing at least one race win in each of his F1 campaigns, but is yet to taste success in any Grands Prix so far this year. Mercedes and Hamilton have recently seen an upturn in form following a disastrous start to the season. The seven-times world champion has finished in the podium places in each of the last three races. Team-mate George Russell has finished in the top five in all but one Grand Prix. Hamilton might have hoped that his improvement this season might lead to a race win in the near future. He has never gone an entire campaign without a race win. However, Ferrari chief Binotto has claimed that Ferrari can overcome their own struggles by winning all 10 remaining races. Charles Leclerc ruined his French Grand Prix chances by crashing on lap 18 and is now 63 points behind Max Verstappen. JUST IN: Horner explains how Verstappen has 'exceeded his wildest dreams' “At the end of the season we will see where we are, but I think what’s more important to see today, once again, the good package, there is no reason why we cannot win 10 races from now to the end,” Binotto, said, as quoted by Dutch publication De Telegraaf. “And I think that the way to look at this positively - and I like to be positive [and] staying optimistic - could something happen to Max and Red Bull? I’m not counting on it, we need to be focusing on ourselves and do our best.” Hamilton finished runner-up to Verstappen in France, while Mercedes colleague Russell came third. For Hamilton, it is a major improvement on the first few months of the season when he struggled with performance-related issues. DON'T MISS...Lewis Hamilton makes Verstappen prediction and is gutted for LeclercLewis Hamilton speaks out on F1 future after Wolff retirement talksLewis Hamilton and George Russell's secret talks on Leclerc crash “What a day, what a weekend. Especially with missing FP1, [I'm] just so proud of the team. This is an incredible result. Winning races and getting results like this is about the whole package,” the 37-year-old said after Sunday’s race. "And of course, we know we don't have quite the pace of the two teams [Ferrari and Red Bull] ahead, but reliability is a huge fundamental part of the process so I'm so proud of my team for having the reliability that we do have. "What a great result. George did a great job as well, so to get a second and a third, it's really special for us."