Sri Lanka is first country out of the blocks to impose the latest technique to restrict the freedoms of humans and be told to "stay at home, don't go to work." Sri Lanka is now under virtual lockdown until July 10 as fuel is restricted for PVT cars only. Of course Putin stimulating Sri Lanka's sovereign debt crisis can be used as the excuse, for now. But then, it will be good ol' climate Armageddon because of the man-made impact on global warming.I predicted this type of thing just before COP26 last year when I commissioned my YouGov survey about Brits' attitudes towards Net-Zero, and heard back that 58 percent of those who expressed an opinion, want a Net-Zero Referendum. Boris got swamped at COP26 with calls for a Net-Zero referendum, which unfortunately he ducked and dived from, but it still led to Nigel Farage and Richard Tice to jump on my bandwagon and join my campaign around it. At precisely the same time, just before COP26, I decided to ask another question, which seemed rather far-fetched and out of synch at the time to many. The question was: Would you accept Eco-Lockdowns?The result was 61 percent of Brits polled by my YouGov survey, who expressed a preference, are "opposed to having Eco-Lockdowns in order for the UK to meet its Net Zero Carbon targets in the future."Make no bones about it. It might be Putin for now but with a rapid pivoting to Net-Zero the next. This is all part of the frenzied orchestrated stampede of the Buffalo towards an electric future - not just for ovens, fridges and washing machines, but also for heating, which works so much more cost-efficiently on gas and cars, which work so much better with internal combustion engines. In an electric-only world, we get Universal rationing. Its Energy-enforced Communism pure and simple. We will all effectively be driving cars the State can switch off at will anytime they like.Pre-arrests from an all too real-world version of Minority Report will see a simple flick of the switch immobilise you and your devices - EVs included. Civil unrest in the UK is already brewing with people already protesting about fuel prices. Clean fuels, balanced against electric vehicles are where we need to be heading and fast.Only a mixture of fuel choices means we remain free. It means we need fuel freedom. We cannot allow any more infringements on our way of life. Restrictions unfortunately are scaling up again, not scaling down. Brexit was supposed to be our exit from the madness but unfortunately, we have gone into goose-step with other gullible nations. With electricity prices set to skyrocket once again in October, the only solution is fracking. That is why I launched the UK Government Petition, "End the fracking ban." As it soared past 10,000 signatures we triggered a response from Government. Thanks to my friends at the Conservative Net-Zero Scrutiny Group, the government’s pathetic response got a Fail and was sent back for a proper answer. The answer that came back was the same stuck record about "seismicity making it unsafe." But Business secretary Kwasi Kwarteng sought the advice of the Geologists for a second opinion, who are set to report back later this week. If Mr. Kwarteng is indeed true blue Tory, he will listen to the Geologists, deem it is indeed safe to frack. In fact, for Britain’s way of life to remain intact, and for us not to end up like Sri Lanka, it is imperative. If we do not frack, we will continue to see the greatest Levelling Down in terms of our living standards we have ever seen. Our fracking freedom is our fuel freedom. We can not put all our eggs in the one electric basket. The UK Government are very concerned about power outages right now. Apparently banks have been asked if they could cope if power went down for a period. There is a very real threat that the lights could go out. And Putin is not to blame, although that would be a convenient short-term get-out-of-jail card. Net-Zero policy is to blame.