Erik ten Hag is already working his magic behind the scenes at Manchester United, as only Aston Villa have managed to halt them so far in pre-season. One of the standout stars so far has been Jadon Sancho, and he's lifted the lid on what the Dutchman is doing to improve things. United's morale has been majorly boosted since Ten Hag's arrival according to Sancho, who is ready to make amends for last season. Sancho arrived at Old Trafford for £73million after being linked with a move for a number of seasons, but endured an underwhelming campaign - although that was very much the case for the majority of the United squad. But Sancho has already found the net in three of United's four pre-season games, matching his Premier League tally for last season. United may have only spent £12m this summer as Tyrell Malacia and Christian Eriksen have joined the ranks, but shifting the toxicity and the deadwood appears to have worked wonders with the team already performing well. And that's down to morale, according to Sancho.  DON'T MISS: Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag admits lesson learned in Aston Villa draw "This pre-season, we have the same players," Sancho said. "But it just looks like a whole different team and I do think that’s something we’re working on and I feel like we’re getting better. The manager is big on team-bonding and having fun together and doing things like team dinners and things like that. So, yeah, it’s helping." And Sancho is ready to enjoy a breakthrough season at United, after a slow start to his career at Old Trafford. But it's something he's no stranger to after a slow start to his Borussia Dortmund career too. Sancho really started to turn heads during his second season, and the England star is hoping for a similar trend at United. "It’s my second year now, settling into the team, knowing how players play and I’m excited for the upcoming season, with a new manager and how he wants us to play," Sancho added.  READ MORE: Man Utd can win Cristiano Ronaldo situation by pushing for swap deal (INSIGHT)Ronaldo agent wants to 'facilitate' two deals for Man Utd exit (NEWS)Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag tipped to make Ronaldo feel 'like a baby' (ANALYSIS) "I think it will be good for myself. The training, especially in pre-season, has been a real positive and all the lads have taken on board what he’s saying. You can see it in the games, we’re creating a lot more chances, keeping the ball more and just making good things out of the style we’re playing. "This is my first pre-season with United because, last year, I had an infection in my ear, so I couldn’t do the whole pre-season with the team which was a bit annoying at the time. It meant a lack of fitness and understanding of how the players play. "But now, this season, I feel a lot more comfortable. And, especially scoring in pre-season, it is a confidence boost for myself and, hopefully, I can take that into the season and keep it going." 