Royal commentator Neil Sean has claimed that Prince Andrew, the Duke of York, wants to make a return to the public eye as a member of the Royal Family. He added that Princess  Beatrice and Princess Eugenie could play a key role in helping him achieve his plan. In a recent upload on his YouTube channel, Mr Sean said: “Andrew wants to make a return which he thinks could be achieved by his daughters carrying out charitable work.” READ MORE: Eugenie and Beatrice 'struggling to remain cordial' with William The Duke of York’s daughters were never granted an official role in the Firm despite having HRH styles and royal titles as grandchildren of the Queen. Regardless, the sisters have stepped up to represent the Royal Family at several engagements over the years including garden parties and making appearances at Trooping the Colour and Royal Ascot. Beatrice and Eugenie have used their positions to conduct charitable work, supporting several causes close to their heart including teenage cancer, improving literacy and their own initiatives.  Public perception of the sisters is examined in a documentary Beatrice and Eugenie: Pampered Princesses? airing on Sunday, July 31 at 10:55pm on Channel 5. The York daughters allegedly want their father to return to public life in some form. Andrew stepped back from his role as a senior working royal following Virginia Giuffre filing a civil sexual assault case against him. Ms Giuffre claimed that Andrew had sexually assaulted her on three occasions when she was 17. Andrew has always denied such allegations and reached a financial settlement outside of court earlier this year, which his lawyers say did not equal admission. Mr Sean said: “There is a big story breaking in the Royal Family that has remained under the radar largely, and it's to do with Prince William, the Duchess of Cambridge, and William's father Prince Charles. “According to very good sources, Princesses Eugenie and Beatrice are seemingly struggling to remain cordial with Prince William, Catherine, and Charles. “It stems from the deal organised by William, the Queen, and Prince Charles to remove their father Prince Andrew from royal duties following his disgrace in recent years.” So what do YOU think? Should Beatrice and Eugenie facilitate Andrew’s royal return? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below. Andrew has kept a low profile since his out-of-court settlement and has attended just one official event, escorting the Queen to Westminster Abbey in March to Prince Philip’s remembrance service. Last month Daily Express' royal correspondent Richard Palmer claimed Andrew was “delusional” about thinking he can return to public life. He suggested Andrew could consider charitable work behind the scenes. DON'T MISS: Why Prince Andrew and Fergie's £15million marital home was demolished [INSIGHT]Prince Andrew plotting his return to royal life - expert claims [LATEST]Lady Louise can't wear a tiara until she hits a key milestone [ANALYSIS] Host Pandora Forsyth asked Mr Palmer: “Do you think that he's a little bit delusional if he thinks he's going to come back to the same popularity as he once had.” Mr Palmer replied: “I've spoken to people in the royal circles, better not say more than that, who [are] really tearing their hair out with him. “[This is] because, you know, they say he is delusional about the public's reaction to him. “Nobody underestimates the public's shock and revulsion, his involvement in the Epstein scandal, more than Prince Andrew.” He added: “It's really difficult because he's what, he's sixty-two. He may well have another forty years to live. “He's got to do something with his life and the question is, what could he do? “I think, you know, many people would suggest that the only thing he really can do is, work for a charity, but behind the scenes, in private.” So what do YOU think? Should Prince Andrew be allowed to carry out charitable work? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below.