The Duke of Sussex warned of a "global assault on democracy and freedom" in a speech at the UN General Assembly in New York on Monday to mark Nelson Mandela International Day. Harry, who is living in California with Meghan Markle after quitting royal duties, hit out at the "rolling back of constitutional rights" in the US in reference to the recent abortion ruling. But the Spectator's Washington editor Amber Athey accused the Duke of "mouthing off about American politics despite a rudimentary understanding - at best - of our founding principle". Writing in the magazine, she said: "Prince Harry, who only lives here because his wife dreams of doing animated voiceovers for Netflix, routinely opines on our Constitution with all of the British pomposity that led to the Revolutionary War. "Newsflash: Americans do not like it when foreigners tell us what to do or how we should feel. "And yet Prince Harry (do I even have to use his title anymore?) is too arrogant and lacking in self awareness to sit down and shut up." The Duke was joined by his wife for the UN event yesterday as they arrived holding hands. They ignored a question from a US reporter about biographer Tom Bower's latest book Revenge: Meghan, Harry And The War Between The Windsors. Mr Bower makes a series of bombshell claims about the Sussexes in the new book. Harry spoke about the dangers of climate change, the Covid pandemic, "weaponising lies and disinformation", the war in Ukraine and abortion laws in the US in his speech. READ MORE: Meghan Markle's 'unprecedented brazenness' took Palace 'by surprise' He said: "This has been a painful year in a painful decade. "We're living through a pandemic that continues to ravage communities in every corner of the globe; climate change wreaking havoc on our planet, with the most vulnerable suffering most of all; the few, weaponising lies and disinformation at the expense of the many; and from the horrific war in Ukraine to the rolling back of constitutional rights here in the United States. "We are witnessing a global assault on democracy and freedom - the cause of Mandela's life." DON'T MISSHarry 'couldn't resist venting anger' after Palace 'refused demands'Royal Family: Harry ‘ignored warnings Meghan spelled trouble'Prince Harry 'trawled social media every night on Australia tour' It comes after Meghan said her husband was a "feminist" and told of his "guttural" reaction to the move by the US Supreme Court last month to overturn the Roe v Wade ruling. Meanwhile, Harry previously faced accusations of interfering in US politics when he branded the First Amendment - the right to free speech - "bonkers". The Duke told a podcast last year: "I’ve got so much I want to say about the First Amendment as I sort of understand it, but it is bonkers. “I don’t want to start going down the First Amendment route because that’s a huge subject and one which I don’t understand because I’ve only been here a short time. "But, you can find a loophole in anything. You can capitalize or exploit what’s not said rather than uphold what is said. "I believe we live in an age now where you've got certain elements of the media redefining to us what privacy means. There's a massive conflict of interest.” And he sparked controversy for calling on US citizens to "reject hate speech" and vote in the 2020 presidential election. 