WARNING: SPOILERS FOR DOWNTON ABBEY 2 AHEAD.  Earlier this year, Downton Abbey: A New Era hit cinemas, much to fans’ delight. The sequel to the 2019 movie and TV series that preceded it, concluded with the death of Maggie Smith’s Dowager. Since the release, creator Julian Fellowes has admitted a third film could well be on the way. Speaking with Daily Mail, Fellowes said: “In this business, it's very foolish not to give people what they want. I've said goodbye to these characters more times than I can number. Each time I think, 'This is the end, goodbye'. Then I'm writing another series or movie.” After the roaring Twenties, Downton Abbey 3 would probably have to take on the Great Depression, according to Lord Grantham star Hugh Bonneville, who wants his starring character to be killed off. Bonneville told Screen Rant: “Were it to carry on, I don't know where it would go next. On the basis that each of the last few iterations has been roughly taking place in a year, or during a year, we'd be in 1929. What happens then? It's the Wall Street crash, and the gaiety of the 20s is going to come crashing to a halt. So, it'd be pretty potentially pretty gloomy. I don't know. And as for Robert? Well, he's gonna die. So, a good death would be good.” READ MORE: Downton Abbey's Michelle Dockery and Michael Fox make debut duo Aside from the Wall Street Crash, there’s plenty of 1930s history to be explored. Perhaps Winston Churchill in his Wilderness Years could visit Downton? There was also the rise of Fascism in Western Europe as the Second World War loomed, not to mention the year of the three Kings in 1936 too. However, despite the options, Bonneville admitted he hopes Downton Abbey 3 won’t happen. DON'T MISSDownton Abbey 2 behind-the-scenes: Highclere Castle to Riviera – WATCH [BEHIND-THE-SCENES]Next James Bond odds: The Downton Abbey stars ‘in the running’ [NEXT JAMES BOND]Downton Abbey: Phyllis Logan brought THIS big change to Mrs Hughes [MRS HUGHES] Bonneville added: “This is a fictional world, because I don't think there will be another one. I was thinking for a while that [there] would be; we're all up for it, and let's go. But I think it's probably run its course now. And it's been a fantastic 12 years on and off that we've visited this family. But I think probably enough is enough.” If the rest of the cast can be convinced, hopefully, he can be too. Maybe leaving a bit longer between movies is the answer? SOURCESOURCE