Kelly Brook, 42, has spoken out in the past about why she would NEVER be seen on the ITV hit I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out of Here! Express.co.uk asked the television personality if her opinion on the show had changed since she last spoke about it in 2018, and she made a shock revelation. Express.co.uk asked Kelly if she would ever appear on I'm a Celeb, as the show returns to Australia for the first time since the start of coronavirus. She made a surprising admission when she listed all the areas of the show she knew she would not like. Kelly declared: "I don't like spiders, I don't like enclosed spaces, not a fan of Ant and Dec, and they just do what they do, don't they? "There's just nothing that appeals! There is again just nothing that appeals to me about it. The whole thing I'm just not bothered about!" READ MORE: Heidi Klum, 49, sets pulses racing as she goes topless in ageless pic The Heart Radio presenter spoke about her colleague Mark Wright's time on the show and how his experience doesn't make her any more keen. Kelly continued: "It's never appealed to me! It's never ever ever appealed to me. "Like Mark Wright asks me at work if I would ever do it and I just couldn't think of anything worse. "But he loved it, for him, he just absolutely loved I'm A Celebrity, and it opened up so many doors for him and gave him so many opportunities. He also has some really great memories from doing it." Kelly's comments about the programme come after she took a swipe at the show when she spoke to Jason King on her radio show in 2018. When asked if she would ever take part, she quipped: "I can just think of a million things I'd rather do. I'd rather go and work in my local pub. "I don't think I could. I really don't because I hate confined spaces. "I don't want to eat eyeballs or sheep testicles and all the things they have to eat there." DON'T MISS... 'Do miss each other' Pauline Collins on being 'separated' from husband [INSIGHT] Corrie's Sally Carman and Joe Duttine wed in lavish ceremony [INSTAGRAM] Rylan Clark gives rare insight to behind-the-scenes of Celeb Gogglebox [CHANNEL 4] She further remarked: "Even if I had a huge tax bill and I had to pay it really urgently, I still wouldn't do it! "I know that they offer them so much money, so I understand why they do it, but when you're eating stuff like that on the telly, where do you go from there? "It's kind of like the beginning of the end in my opinion!" Kelly also previously spoke about an encounter with Ant and Dec in her 2014 autobiography, Close Up, in which she admitted there was a weird atmosphere when she was a judge on X Factor in 2009. She said: "I had such an awful vibe off the producers. I don’t think they wanted me there. "My fellow judges didn’t want me there; Ant and Dec didn’t want me there. "In fact, I don’t think anyone wanted me there apart from Simon, and now I couldn’t help feeling I had managed to turn him right off the idea." Kelly is currently partnered with SlimFast and has made a Fakeaway recipes line with them, helping others eat well for 600 calories or less. Speaking about her latest venture, she said: "It is something we wanted to do to celebrate my 1000th day on the SlimFast journey. "We decided there were so many delicious recipes in the Food not Fomo SlimFast cookbook that we wanted to take some of those that we were likening to some of our favourite takeaways like the fish and chips, Greek lamb burgers, and the pad Thai. "We are saying to everyone, look, if you want a takeaway you don't have to reach for those calorific takeaways that you've been used to, this is a much healthier alternative!" Kelly has created a series of new SlimFast Fakeaway recipes so that people can enjoy their favourite tasty menu classics for 600 calories or less. You can enjoy each dish as part of the SlimFast 3.2.1. Plan and still lose or maintain a healthy weight. For more information visit SlimFast's website