Angela claimed Prince Harry appeared "unhappy" and "drained" during his appearance at the United Nations on Monday alongside Meghan Markle. The author speculated the two had "something going on" because their body language suggested tension. Levin went on to berate Harry for "attacking" America in his speech. "What was very interesting is that he was sitting on his seat with Meghan next door," Levin pointed out. "Of course, she took his arm and he pushed it back, and she grabbed it with one hand and held on to the arm with the other one. "So he really couldn't move, he was trying to wriggle and he couldn't. "And I thought, what an extraordinary thing to do at the United Nations." READ MORE: Lorraine Kelly in savage sweating jibe at Prince Andrew The author went on: "There's lots of photographs of it. "And you look at it and you see this is not somebody showing love or anything because they didn't look at each other. "She did it and he was looking over there and she was looking over here, so something was going on yesterday." Levin also argued there has been a bad reaction to Harry's speech: “The Americans are absolutely furious with him because how dare an English prince with a title tell them what to do, how absolutely dare him. "There's lots of comments today about how they’re absolutely furious with him. "And when he talks about climate change, and the problem it is and how it eats him up and all that thing, and he was going home in a private plane. "It's a sort of nonsensical hypocrisy there. But also you cannot tell a government he’s very cross about the vote against abortion, but that's not his business is it? "It took very much away from the focus on [Nelson] Mandela. DON'T MISS... Paul Newman addresses 'terrible' Robert Redford rumour [LATEST]Eamonn Holmes admits he ‘wouldn’t recommend’ TV career 'to anyone'[VIDEO]The Control Room fans question BBC licence fee after ‘awful’ series [REACTION] "This was an annual occasion where they talk about Mandela and recognise him and it actually ended up being an attack on the United States of America. "However, he looks absolutely terrible. He looks so unhappy, so drained and as if the world is coming to an end." She added: "But I think overall, I think he's very, very lost, and he's trying to hold on to his mother's magic and that will give him power. "Every day he thinks about her and what she would like him to do and I think it's not a very healthy way to actually - think about her, but don’t try and get her to tell him what to do and when." In his speech, Harry warned of the dangers of climate change, the Covid pandemic, the war in Ukraine and abortion laws in the US. He stated: "This has been a painful year in a painful decade. "We're living through a pandemic that continues to ravage communities in every corner of the globe; climate change wreaking havoc on our planet, with the most vulnerable suffering most of all; the few, weaponising lies and disinformation at the expense of the many; and from the horrific war in Ukraine to the rolling back of constitutional rights here in the United States." GB News coverage begins at 6am daily.