GTA Online update 1.61 is out today, with the 2022 Summer Update bringing with it the Criminal Enterprises content. This major new GTA Online update brings with it new missions for all types of career criminals, new cars and more. The GTA Online Criminal Enterprises update was released this morning with patch notes being published by the Rockstar Support Twitter later. Speaking about the new GTA update the game's official website said: "With a heatwave scorching Southern San Andreas, gas prices soaring, and the economy on the brink of collapse, it may look rocky out there... "But this is Los Santos, where every dark fiscal cloud has a solid silver lining. On the black market, business is booming, and opportunities abound in The Criminal Enterprises, today’s new update to GTA Online across PlayStation 5, PlayStation 4, Xbox Series X|S, Xbox One, and PC." If you're wondering what is included in GTA Online update 1.61 you can find patch notes below... New Content in Grand Theft Auto Online The Criminal Enterprises brings significant expansions to Criminal Careers, plus new, elaborate Contact Missions. The Criminal Enterprises also delivers highly requested experience improvements including increased payouts across a range of gameplay Executive Office: Two new Source Cargo missions have been added A new ‘Export Mixed Goods’ mission can be launched from the Executive Assistant New members of staff have been added to Cargo Warehouses. Headed by their new manager, Lupe, these can be regularly assigned to source Special Cargo for each Warehouse for GTA$7500 Nightclub: Two new Nightclub Management missions have been added Two additional new Nightclub Managements that can occasionally trigger inside your Nightclub Nightclub owners will now have Yohan as a phone contact and can call him to launch new ‘Nightclub Goods’ missions to acquire Goods for their Basement and check stock level and value Nightclub owners can now call Tony to launch Nightclub Management missions, ‘Request Nightclub Limo’, and check their current club popularity Bunker: Two new Resupply missions have been added A new ‘Ammu-Nation Contract’ is available from the Bunker. Deliver any excess weapon parts manufactured at the Bunker to earn additional income A new ‘Bunker Research’ mission is now available to acquire research for the Bunker Bunker owners can now call Agent 14 to begin ‘Bunker Research’, ‘Request Transportation’, and check their current research level Biker Clubhouse: Two new Clubhouse Contracts ‘Hit the Roof’ and ‘Life and Deathbikes’ have been added A new ‘Bar Resupply’ can be launched from the Clubhouse Bar. This will bring in patrons to the Clubhouse and provide players with a passive income Owners of the Custom Bike Shop will now regularly get customer bikes dropped off at their Clubhouse. This can be modified to the customer’s specification and delivered to earn income Six new vehicles have been added with several more releasing over the coming months: Obey Omnis e-GT Bravado Greenwood Pegassi Torero XO Lampadati Corsita Benefactor LM87 Buckingham Conada One existing vehicle can now be upgraded at Hao’s Special Works: Benefactor Stirling GT Six existing vehicles have had new liveries and modifications added: Pegassi Zentorno Grotti Turismo R Ubermacht Sentinel Benefactor Stirling GT Cheval Picador Benefactor Schwartzer One new weapon has been added to GTA Online: Precision Rifle Over 200 new items of Clothing have been added for both Male and Female characters in GTA Online Two new Hair Styles have been added for both Male and Female characters in GTA Online Over 60 new Tattoos have been added for both Male and Female characters in GTA Online Six Operation Paper Trail missions have been added to GTA Online. These missions consist of the players working as a special field operative for the IAA and can be accessed via the trigger outside the IAA Headquarters. These missions are for 1-4 players The number of standard properties that players can own in GTA Online has been increased from 8 to 10