Cameron Norrie isn't ready for his career-best Grand Slam run to end at Wimbledon after reaching the quarter-finals for the first time in his career with Novak Djokovic potentially awaiting in the semis. Norrie is now the sole British player left in both singles draws after Heather Watson's loss to Jule Niemeier.  Norrie faced arguably his toughest test yet against American Tommy Paul, who enjoyed a decent grasscourt season heading into Wimbledon. The No 30 seed picked up wins over Stan Wawrinka, Denis Shapovalov and Jannik Sinner recently. And he carried that form over into Wimbledon, not dropping a single set as he progressed to the fourth round. But other than a hiccup against Jaume Munar, Norrie has equally impressed and dropped just five games in his third-round win over Steve Johnson. Competing in the fourth round of a major for the first time in his career, Norrie showed no signs of nerves as the crowd inside Court One got behind him. JUST IN: Heather Watson lashes out in anger as Wimbledon crowd stunned   And it proved to be a relatively straightforward win for the No 9 seed, completing the straight-sets victory in just two hours and 21 minutes. Norrie now goes on to face David Goffin in the quarter-finals and Novak Djokovic potentially awaits in the semis. "For me it's just shocking," Norrie said. "For me, to make the quarters for the the first time in front of my family and a lot of friends here from college, so special and just to play a match like that and a huge match for me obviously and to play the way I did today was really good. DON'T MISS  "To execute everything. I really enjoyed it obviously." Norrie was asked about being the last Brit in the singles draw and asked for the crowd to continue their strong support for the second week of Wimbledon. "I'm the last one left so why not get behind me even more," he added. I think from the first round everyone is been behind me and it's definitely showed, especially in some of the tougher situations and serving for the match there. "I was going through a lot of different scenarios in my head and I was able to stay calm enough to close it off. But it was great and you guys helped me through it." 