Speaking outside 10 Downing Street on Thursday, July 7th Prime Minister Boris Johnson officially announced his resignation. It came after an extraordinary 48 hours which saw more than 50 resignations within Government. Addressing the nation, Mr Johnson said he was “sad to be giving up the best job in the world,” but that “it is clearly now the will of the Parliamentary Conservative Party that there should be a new leader of that party and so a new Prime Minister.” Mr Johnson is understood to have had his weekly audience with Queen Elizabeth II over the phone on Wednesday evening, amid the major political turbulence. The monarch was spotted travelling back to Windsor during the morning, having been enjoying a break on her Sandringham estate. He is also said to have given her a courtesy call on Thursday morning before announcing his decision to resign to the nation, although Buckingham Palace would not confirm this. Mr Johnson will have to travel to the Queen to officially tender his resignation, which usually occurs after a successor has been appointed. This resignation audience typically takes place at the Palace but given the Queen's age and ongoing mobility issues, and the timing of the leadership contest, if the monarch is at her holiday home Balmoral over the summer, the audience could potentially take place in Scotland. Mr Johnson is the Queen’s 14th prime minister during her 70-year reign; the pair meet each Wednesday to discuss latest developments. READ MORE: Royal Family ‘worth every penny’ of British taxpayer money, Express.co.uk readers say As royal protocol dictates, the monarch remains politically neutral and acts on the advice of her Government in political matters. Her neutrality seemingly extends to the person in office, and Her Majesty has maintained formal, publicly cordial relationships with the Prime Ministers of the past. However, while the Queen has to remain strictly neutral, and has maintained a nonpartisan standpoint publicly throughout her time on the throne, other members of the Royal Family have appeared to show some bias against the soon-to-be-former Prime Minister. During Prince Harry's last official appearance as a senior royal, he joined his family in a line up to meet with dignitaries as they arrived at the Commonwealth Ceremony. In a clip, which circulated on social media, the Duke of Sussex seems to snub Mr Johnson and instead talks to Baroness Patricia Scotland QC. The Duke seems to walk past the Prime Minister without acknowledging him. It left Mr Johnson shuffling his feet as he let out an awkward laugh, seemingly confused by the encounter. Unsurprisingly, the uncomfortable meeting sparked online discussion, with one user tweeting: "Did Harry just bypass Boris?" Another said: "Prince Harry totally snubs Boris Johnson!" "Harry blanks Boris. Superb," commented a third person. DON'T MISS: Nigel Farage pinpoints 'final nail in coffin' for Boris Johnson [REPORT] Boris hit with another bombshell as SIX quit within minutes TODAY [REVEALED] Michael Gove SACKED: Boris wields axe after ex-ally demanded PM resign [LATEST] The event was Harry and his wife Meghan Markle’s last official appearance as senior royals; the Duke and Duchess of Sussex had announced their exit from the Royal Family three months earlier. They have since relocated to Montecito, a wealthy enclave in Santa Barbara, California, where they now reside with their two children — three-year-old Archie Harrison and one-year-old Lilibet Diana. And now, as non-working royals, the Sussexes’ ability to involve themselves in political matters is technically less limited. Meghan is particularly interested in politics and her recent intervention on the US abortion ruling has fuelled rumours of her political ambitions. Meghan hit out at the decision by the US Supreme Court last week to end constitutional protections for abortion that have been in place for nearly 50 years by overturning the landmark Roe v Wade ruling. She made the comments in a conversation with American feminist activist Gloria Steinem and journalist Jessica Yellin published in Vogue. Meghan said: "Women are already sharing stories of how their physical safety is being put in danger. "Women with resources will travel to get an abortion, those without might attempt to give themselves one at tremendous risk. "What does this tell women? It tells us that our physical safety doesn't matter, and as a result that we don't matter. But we do. Women matter." Meghan also revealed "feminist" Prince Harry shared her "guttural" reaction to the ruling and called on men to join women by speaking out. She said: "Men need to be vocal in this moment and beyond because these are decisions that affect relationships, families, and communities at large. "They may target women, but the consequences impact all of us. My husband and I talked about that a lot over the past few days. He’s a feminist too." The Duchess also hinted she could travel to Washington to protest, saying: "Well, Gloria, maybe it seems as though you and I will be taking a trip to D.C. together soon."