Rachel Johnson, 56, defended her brother Boris Johnson this week after he resigned last Thursday. Appearing on her LBC radio programme, the broadcaster and columnist explained how he felt leaving Downing Street was a “huge loss”. She also noted his “drive, intelligence and energy” as he aimed to realise his childhood dream of becoming “world king”. Mrs Johnson is a regular on LBC and other programmes, where she provides her opinions on everything from politics to the Royal Family. After launching her journalism career at the Financial Times in 1989, she went on to carve out a role as one of the country’s leading commentators. This has included airing her views on members of the Royal Family, including Kate, Duchess of Cambridge and Meghan Markle. In 2018 the journalist appeared in the ITV two-part documentary, ‘The Royal Wives of Windsor’. Mrs Johnson gave her frank take on women who marry into the Royal Family and the duties they must perform. She said: “I don’t envy the royal wives at all. Endless meet-and-greets, endless banquets, endless ribbon-snipping.” JUST IN: New Archie pictures lay bare 'significant' difference between Charlotte, George and Louis Mrs Johnson was joined in the programme by former politician and royal biographer, Gyles Brandreth. The commentator also gave his take on the duties royal women are expected to perform. He said: “Being a royal wife of Windsor is a long game. “You're in it for years if you want to succeed. And that means don't rush at things, don't get overexcited at the first event. “Because there will be events every day until the day you die. It's terrifying.” Mr Brandreth used the example of Prince Charles and Diana, Princess of Wales to illustrate his point. The commentator discussed how the Prince of Wales grew irritated as his first wife took the limelight during their royal appearances. He said: “One of the things to remember is you're a royal wife of Windsor. “You were married in. You are not the principal party. “This became a challenge for Charles and Diana because Diana was the star. DON'T MISS: Oprah Winfrey's wise 6-word warning to Harry and Meghan as Sussexes tear into Royal Family [LATEST]Prince Andrew ‘does not deserve any benefits’ of being a working royal [INSIGHT]Royal POLL: Should Harry return to royal life to support William? [ANALYSIS] “They would go somewhere, and the big crowds were the ones cheering for Diana. “On Charles's side, there were people meeting him but really wanting to meet Diana. That can actually irritate a man.” Although in private Charles may have been annoyed at his wife’s popularity, in public he made light of it. During a tour of South Korea in 1992, he said: “I’ve come to the conclusion, it would have been far easier to have had two wives. “To have covered both sides of the street, and I could have walked down the middle directing the operation.” ‘The Royal Wives of Windsor’ is available to stream on Netflix.