Police, who were called by the ambulance service to the crash, said the vehicle had tried to overtake an ambulance while driving around a bend before crashing. Pictures from the scene yesterday, July 24, show debris from the car along the road's pavement with the lamppost taken completely out of the ground.    The collision occurred on Watergate Lane, just off the M61, in Bolton, reports Manchester Evening News. The car sustained extensive damage to the front where the impact with the lamppost had taken place, with the windscreen badly damaged. No injuries were reported from the collision. Police were able to confirm that the driver of the vehicle was a private driving instructor who was reported after the collision. A GMP Traffic spokesman said: "NWAS called on our patrols for assist at RTC earlier today (Water Gate Lane). Vehicle over took ambulance on a bend and took out a lamppost. "Turns out driver was a driving instructor. Vehicle recovered Driver Reported." The incident follows news of an elderly couple who died in a car crash in a leafy English village over the weekend. According to police, the horror car crash occurred on Saturday, July 23, in the Cambridgeshire village of Lolworth. Susannah and William Wilson, known as Susie and Tony, died at the scene on the A1307. The couple, both 80 years old, of Rose and Crown Road, Swavesey, Cambridgeshire, were travelling in a Fiat Panda driven by Tony on the single-carriageway road. Shortly after 3pm, they were involved in a collision with a BMW M3. The 35-year-old driver of the BMW from Rowley Regis in the West Midlands remains in hospital. Police have confirmed he suffered serious but not life-threatening injuries. Cambridgeshire Constabulary is appealing for witnesses to the collision, including the driver of a tractor who may have seen what happened but was not involved in the crash. A spokesperson said: "Police are investigating the collision and are keen to hear from any who saw what happened or has dash cam footage. "They would particularly like to hear from the driver of a tractor who may have seen what happened but was not involved in the collision. "Anyone who saw the collision, or has dashcam footage from the area, is asked to visit www.cambs.police.uk/report or call 101 quoting incident 339 of 23 July."