The Duchess of Cornwall has been on an "incredible journey" throughout her path within The Firm so far and, according to the Queen's "sincere wish", she will be known as Queen Consort when her husband becomes King. The 75-year-old has, in recent years, taken on a more senior royal within the Royal Family and, aside from traditional royal duties, she has worked with various charities which have helped elevate the public's "respect" towards her. Speaking on a recent episode of Us Weekly, royal expert Richard Fitzwilliams discussed Camilla's journey within the monarchy. Mr Fitzwilliams said: "Her [Camilla] main job is to support him [Charles] but there's absolutely no doubt that, if you look at the way she's developed her charity work, she has taken on a much higher profile relatively recently. "[She has worked with] topics such as domestic violence, abuse, rape, these. "She has done. I think, extraordinary well in enacting these, and in being supportive." He added: "I think, she's, there's a great deal of respect for how publicly, a certain amount of affection there is also". READ MORE: 'Of course she’s aware!' Bower on how Meghan is VERY much in control of narrative The royal expert stated that things have slightly "moved on" in the 25 years since the tragic death of Diana, the Princess of Wales. He also notes that if anything comes up about Diana, it "reflects badly" on the Prince of Wales and Camilla. Mr Fitzwilliams added that the Queen making the statement that Camilla would be known as Queen Consort, and not Princess Consort was "so significant" and "so important". He added that it was "absolutely necessary to clear this", otherwise when Charles did ascend the throne, it could cause "problems", especially in the months leading up to his coronation. READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Prince Harry's home 'targeted by intruders' in security breach Royal correspondent Camilla Tominey previously told NBC News that "Camilla was initially hated because Diana was so loved". Ms Tominey said: "The late Princess had described her [Camilla] as the 'third person' in her marriage to Prince Charles. "The general public interpreted that as Camilla being the ultimate home wrecker." Since officially joining the Royal Family in April 2005, Camilla has worked steadily to win over the British public, despite their feelings for Diana. DON'T MISS Royal Family LIVE: 'Not subtle at all!' Harry slammed for sparking row [LIVE] Harry and Meghan 'on course to cause as much trouble as possible' [REVEAL] Royal POLL: Should Meghan and Harry take up Queen's Balmoral invite? [POLL] Earlier this month, Camilla was announced as guest editor for the 125th-anniversary edition of Country Life magazine, which was published on July 13. She is the third royal guest editor of the magazine. READ NEXT: