Paddy Pimblett is not the main event tonight, but it certainly feels that way. ‘The Baddy’ takes on Jordan Leavitt in the third to last fight of the evening and is expected to make his walk to the Octagon around 9:30 pm UK time. So far in his UFC tenure, Pimblett has two wins from two fights with a performance of the night bonus in each. The Liverpudlian made his company debut at UFC Fight Night 191 where he overcame early adversity to knock out Luigi Vendramini. Then, a few months later, at UFC Fight Night 204 he opted to grapple as he hip tossed and choked out Rodrigo ‘Kazula’ Vargas. His new opponent, Leavitt – unlike previous foes – has a winning record under the promotional banner. The American mixed martial artist is 3-1 with the UFC and 10-1 overall as a professional. Leavitt exploded onto the scene by knocking out Matt Wiman on his company debut with a body slam – bouncing his opponent’s head off the canvas as he scooped him up into the air. He followed this up with the sole defeat of his career to Claudio Puelles before back-to-back wins over Matt Sayles and Trey Ogden got him back on track. Date and venue UFC London takes place on Saturday 23 July at the O2 Arena, London. Fight times and TV channel/live stream The card will air live on BT Sport in the UK. The broadcaster’s app and website can be streamed on all good internet-connected devices including Smart TVs, mobile phones, and tablets. In the United States, the action will be broadcasted by ESPN+ and the UFC’s Fight Pass. The prelims will begin at 5 pm BST, with the main card following at 8 pm. Pimblett will likely walk around 9:30 pm while ring walks for the main event are expected to take place at approximately 10 pm. MORE UFC NEWS... Pimblett flashes bum after rant at UFC weigh-in ahead Leavitt fight Paddy Pimblett makes enormous demand and issues threat to Dana White McGregor told next UFC fight after Diaz lifted lid on White's plan   Full card Curtis Blaydes vs Tom Aspinall (heavyweight) Jack Hermansson vs Chris Curtis (middleweight) Paddy Pimblett vs Jordan Leavitt (lightweight) Nikita Krylov vs Alexander Gustafsson (light heavyweight) Molly McCann vs Hannah Goldy (women’s flyweight) Paul Craig vs Volkan Oezdemir (light heavyweight) Prelims L’udovit Klein vs Mason Jones (lightweight) Marc Diakiese vs Damir Hadzovic (lightweight) Nathaniel Wood vs Charles Rosa (bantamweight) Makwan Amirkhani vs Jonathan Pearce (featherweight) Muhammad Mokaev vs Charles Johnson (flyweight) Jai Herbert vs Kyle Nelson (lightweight) Mandy Bohm vs Victoria Leonardo (women’s flyweight) Claudio Silva vs Nicolas Dalby (welterweight) *Running order subject to change Odds Aspinall – 4/6; Blaydes – 11/10 Pimblett – 4/11; Leavitt – 15/8 * Odds courtesy of Betfair are correct at the time of publication 