Ants usually come indoors in search of food or to find a nesting habitat. Even the smallest amount of crumbs can attract an army of ants, which can be a difficult pest to get rid of. Although chemical repellants are available to buy, these can pose a danger to homes with pets or little ones running around. However, one Reddit user claims to have found the "cheapest and easiest" way to get rid of ants using an entirely natural recipe. Sharing to Reddit forum "You Should Know", the user named Purplegill10 revealed that sugar worked for them to get rid of a "giant infestation of ants" in their own home. They explained: "No matter how many traps and sprays we used they just kept coming back. READ MORE: Easy ways to clean stubborn stains from grout without bleach "We even tried spraying the colony at one point with no results. "I decided to try and check online for some solutions and managed to find something that really worked. "In a single night, about 90 percent of the ants just disappeared. "In a week I haven't found a single ant. "This also has the addition of being 100 percent humane as well for anyone that is worried about that." READ MORE: Should you cut your lawn before you go on holiday? The method works by using sugar as a food source to attract the ants and deter them from invading other areas of your property. The Reddit user explained: "Ants don't really like invading homes. "It tends to be difficult, dangerous, and might only have a limited amount of food after getting discovered. "There reason ants do this is for quick and most likely very nutritious food and a very safe place from rain or predators. "This method basically gives both so the ants would want nothing with your house." DON'T MISSBanish bad fridge smells using common household product ‘100% works!’ [INSIGHT]'They are gone!' Mrs Hinch fans share how to get rid of of drain flies [COMMENTS]Should I open my windows during hot weather? [EXPLAINER] For this method, the user recommends using sugar and a set of biodegradable bowls. Mix one part hot water and one part sugar in a bowl to make a simple syrup. Purplegill10 explained: "I found that about 100mL or three fl oz works best. "Make sure you stir this very well, it should have the consistency between orange juice and pancake syrup when you're done." Place the bowl about two metres away from the ant colony. You should try and source where they are coming from outside if possible. The next day, check to see whether the bowl has attracted ants. The user said: "If it is, get a new bowl or move the old one another 10 ft away. "If not, try pouring some more syrup around the bowl to try and let the ants get the scent." Continue to move the bowl each day a little bit further. The Reddit user added: "After about a week, the colony should have moved far from your house and (hopefully) away from anyone else's."