The divisions caused by the LIV Golf Invitational Series remain a sensitive subject at St. Andrews this week, or at least that appears the case for Phil Mickelson. 'Lefty' is among the rebels who has turned his back on the PGA Tour to join the new Saudi-funded competition but can still compete at The Open. Having won at Muirfield in 2013, Mickelson would usually be invited to the champions' dinner and other events held for accredited alumni. However, fans couldn't help but spot he was absent from Tuesday's soiree, which was attended by the likes of Tiger Woods, Jack Nicklaus, Sir Nick Faldo and last year's winner, Collin Morikawa. "The R&A contacted me a couple weeks before and said, 'Look, we don't think it's a great idea you go, but if you want to, you can,'" said Mickelson as he explained the thought process that led him to compete in Fife. "I just didn't want to make a big deal about it, so I said, 'fine.' We both kind of agreed that it would be best if I didn't." However, 'Lefty' firmly denied he was in any way sad at golf's state of affairs, having seen his stock plummet since defecting to the LIV Golf Series: "No, no. Not at all. I think that I couldn't be more excited and ecstatic with where I'm at. I love the events. I get to have golf in my life and competitive golf in my life on a scale that is fun, exciting, different, and lets me play and compete but still do the things outside that I want to do." READ MORE The Open LIVE: Tiger Woods horrorshow as Phil Mickelson snaps at reporter over LIV Golf  He appeared more agitated when he was quizzed further about missing the champions' dinner: "Let it go, dude. Let it go. That's three times you've asked the same question. I don't know what to tell you. I couldn't be happier." There's something about a person insisting they couldn't be happier that makes it that much more difficult to believe. Mickelson has become the de facto face of the LIV Golf rebellion, and it's understood he was paid somewhere in the region of $200million (£160m) to leave the PGA and DP World Tours in favour of the breakaway league. He went on to describe the move as "the right decision for me" and confirmed he'll play at the next LIV event in Bedminster later this month. "I couldn't be happier. I think it's been really good. I can't wait to get to New Jersey and play another event there," added the six-time major champion. DON'T MISS Patrick Reed risks angering rivals as rebel wears three LIV Golf logos at The Open 'He has no idea' Rory McIlroy caught out at The Open after hitting improbable tee shot The Open 2022: Why are Phil Mickelson and other LIV golfers allowed to play at St Andrews    While Mickelson is allowed to compete in Scotland this week, LIV Golf Investments CEO Greg Norman—who won The Open in 1986 and 1993—has been banned from St. Andrews. Both Woods and Nicklaus have been critical of the factors causing golf's current revolution, and the latter said on Tuesday that he and Norman "just don't see eye to eye" on the matter. As well as skipping the champions' dinner, Mickelson also opted to miss the annual four-ball competition at St. Andrews. Some extra practice may not have gone astray after he ended Thursday's opening round by shooting par, eight strokes behind leader Cameron Young.