Jack Wilshere admits he is "gutted" that Arsenal are set to miss out on Raphinha this summer. The Leeds United star has been a top target for the Gunners in this window. However, Chelsea moved last week to agree a fee with Leeds of around £60million. Raphinha's preferred destination is said to be Barcelona and the La Liga giants have now made their move to sign him. Arsenal have made a major addition in Fabio Vieira and are set to announce the arrival of Gabriel Jesus imminently. But Wilshere says he would have loved to have seen Raphinha join as well. Speaking to talkSPORT, Wilshere said: "I am [gutted]. I can definitely see the Barca one for a Brazilian. "Neymar played there, Ronaldinho. I would love him to come to Arsenal because I think he's a great player. Unfortunately it doesn't look like he will." Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd prepare for medical, Tottenham and Chelsea agree Raphinha fee   Arsenal fan and former Tottenham striker Darren Bent is also disappointed Raphinha won't be plying his trade at the Emirates. But he can understand why the Gunners aren't at the top of his list. Bent said: "I can understand why everyone wants to play for Barca or Real Madrid. But gutted that he's not going to come to Arsenal but can fully understand why he'd want to go to Chelsea or Barcelona, two clubs that are in the Champions League." It is not the first time Wilshere has outlined his wish for Arsenal to sign Raphinha. Last month he explained what the Brazilian would bring to Mikel Arteta's side. He said: "For someone who's only been in England for two years, he's got a lot of experience. He came to England and just clicked straight away. DON'T MISSMikel Arteta has already given Serge Gnabry verdict as Arsenal plot potential transferArsenal make Serge Gnabry transfer decision after missing out on RaphinhaChelsea could deal Arsenal huge transfer blow as Thomas Tuchel 'prepares £60m bid'  "He was in a relegation battle last year so he knows he's up for a fight. I think he'd be a good one for Arsenal. "It depends how long he has left on his contract. He'll be expensive, of course he will." Vieira is Arsenal's most expensive signing so far this summer, joining for a fee that could rise to £34.2m. Young Brazilian winger Marquinhos was the first player through the door in north London. USA goalkeeper Matt Turner has also been unveiled after initially agreeing to join in January. Jesus will become the fourth signing for Arteta and is set to sign a five-year contract.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here