Prince Harry appeared virtually at the Diana Awards on Friday to make an impassioned speech. He said: “This is a special year and one where I hope we take extra time to not just remember her for how she lived, but to reflect on the life she continues to lead through so many. Including the young change-makers with us today.  “My mother instilled in me and in all of us a drive to speak up and fight for a better world. “Now as a husband and a parent, my mother's voice is even stronger in my life. “All of you have kept her voice alive by showing the world how each small action counts, how kindness is still valued and how our world can be better if we choose to make it so.” Judi James, a body language expert, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to analyse the Prince’s actions in the newly released video.  She said: “Sitting angled away from the camera rather than leaning in to create a more intimate and relaxed-looking bond with his audience, Harry has chosen to talk formally, with a sweeping musical background. “Also, with an unsmiling and a rather emotional style of delivery. “It seems to push towards the regal brand rather than the ‘just Harry’ version of the Prince,” the expert noted. What facial expressions does he make as he speaks?  Judi claimed: “His brows rise and his eyes narrow as he talks. “There is some mouth winces and ‘biting’ of his words as he speaks. “This suggests an emotional undercurrent,” Judi noted. Since the Platinum Jubilee, is Prince Harry settled back in the USA? READ MORE: Queen was blindsided after Meghan and Harry Lilibet call - key detail Judi added: “This Harry looks stalled somewhere between his royal heritage and his free-wheeling life in the US. “His trip back to the UK could easily have prompted a return to this formality and a more traditional style of presentation.” Both Princes William and Harry released messages of congratulations to the winners of the Diana Award today. However, they signed their messages of congratulations slightly differently. While Prince William simply ended his message with a handwritten signature and no printed name or title underneath, Harry did the exact opposite. Harry signed his message with a handwritten signature, followed by, “Prince Harry, The Duke of Sussex” in print. Royal fan @LunaB65353431 tweeted: “William just signs his name, whereas ‘just Harry’ uses titles.” Twitter user @YungDM2 agreed, saying: “One tries to show that he is important and the other one who without even trying, is the most important person.” 