Many motorists will be aware that using air con, especially during heatwaves, can considerably increase fuel consumption. Motoring experts estimate that a vehicle can use between eight to 10 percent more fuel when the air con is on. However, drivers are also advised to keep the air conditioning system on during hot days to make sure they don’t become drowsy while driving. With that in mind, Dorry Potter, car and scrappage expert for National Scrap Car, told Express.co.uk about a little-known ventilation trick that allows the air con to work less hard. The expert explained this involves getting hot air out of the car before the air con kicks in. This in turn means that drivers might be able to save some fuel. Ms Potter said: “Although fuel prices are at an all-time high and rising at the moment it is important to stay safe while driving in the extreme heat we are and will be experiencing in the UK this summer. READ MORE: Drivers urged to use special kind of sunglasses when driving “Getting overheated while driving can cause lack of concentration and could even cause some to pass out if it gets too much. “This is why it is important to use your air conditioning while driving this summer.” The expert added: “You can make it more efficient by helping your car to expel hot air before starting it. “Fan the doors to help move the warm air out of the car. DON'T MISS Drivers could face £2,500 fine for failing to check important function [WARNING] Drivers warned of heatwave road havoc [INSIGHT] Urgent heatwave warning issued to electric car owners [REVEAL] “Then while the air-con gets to work keep all windows open while driving until the air from the fans feels cool.” Ms Potter also urged drivers to practice fuel-saving techniques that do not affect the air con. She told motorists to drive sensibly and make sure that tyre pressure is adequately pumped up. The expert added: “Make sure you travel with water in the car too so you can remain hydrated and where possible avoid travelling during the peak sun hours.” READ MORE: How to get the most out of air con during heatwave Other ways of making sure that a car remains as cool as possible include parking in the shade and purchasing a reflective windscreen shade. Ms Potter said: “Parking in a shaded area, as opposed to a spot in the sun, will help the inside of the car stay cooler. “Purchase a reflective windscreen shade, these fit behind your visors and stop the sun beaming down on the car and heating the interior. “These actions will help the air inside the car feel cooler which will mean less effort is needed to cool the interior with air-con, saving fuel. “If you have a dark coloured interior such as black seats, it is also advisable that you purchase either light colour car seat covers or cooling mats for your seats.” The latest RAC Fuel Watch indicates that both the price of petrol and the price of diesel are likely to drop. However, they still remain high. Drivers are expected to pay 188.76p per litre of unleaded. The situation is even worse for diesel car owners who have to fork out 196.96 per litre.