Paddy McGuinness, 48, has been keeping a low social media profile since his split from wife of 13 years, Christine McGuinness, 34, was announced last weekend. However, the Question of Sport presenter did have the time to send a funny quip to his co-star Sam Quek, highlighting his chaotic household. Christine and Paddy share three children who all have autism. To raise awareness for their children and to better understand the learning difficulty, the former couple released an insightful documentary with the BBC. Paddy has kept a quiet social media presence since the shock split announcement last weekend, but had the time to reply with a funny jibe to pal Sam. Sharing a picture on Twitter, she captioned the post: "The Postpartum continues! READ MORE: Meghan and Harry's appearance 'paint a thousand words' claims host "My hair is shredding thick & fast at the moment, especially at the front. "Absolute nightmare for me & my hoover! Fellow Mum’s will know what it’s like. "Here’s the lovely Nancy helping me make the ‘balding’ spots less obvious! #4monthspostpartum." Sharing his own home struggles with a funny quip, Paddy replied: "Welcome to my world." Sam quickly replied with a set of laughing emojis. This comes after Paddy and Christine announced they were separating in a joint announcement on their social media last week. The statement read: "We hadn't planned on sharing this publicly until we were ready but after the lack of privacy surrounding our personal life, we felt we were left with no other option. "A while ago we made the difficult decision to separate but our main focus is always to continue loving and supporting our children. DON'T MISS... Amanda Holden, 51, oozes glamour as she poses in black gown [VIDEO] George Clooney 'will not slow down' despite wife Amal's concern' [HOLLYWOOD] Chloe Madeley stuns fans in naked pregnancy snap [PICS] "This was not an easy decision to make but we're moving forward as the best parents we can be for our three beautiful children." It continued: "We'll always be a loving family, we still have a great relationship and still live happily in our family home together. "We hope this now draws a line under any more unwanted and unnecessary intrusion into our private life." It concluded: "Although we work in the public eye, we ask kindly if you could respect our wishes for privacy on this matter. We'll be making no further comment." Just hours before their announcement, the couple had taken to the picture-sharing site and posted a holiday snap together. They had originally planned to take their kids – Felicity, Penelope and Leo – to Spain, but those plans were scuppered due to issues with Felicity’s passport. Instead, the family headed to Centre Parcs in Sherwood Forest and shared beaming snaps on social media. Paddy said that his children “absolutely loved” staying in a big tree house and enjoying a full week of activities.