Essex Police have cordoned off a house in Nelson Grove while investigators search the surrounding area, and remain on the scene this afternoon, after receiving reports of a man who had been "badly injured" at the property at around 4.30am. When officers arrived, they found the victim, but "despite the best efforts of medics, sadly, the man was pronounced dead". A post-mortem investigation has yet to be carried out, and no arrests have been made while enquiries are ongoing. However, investigating officers are treating the incident as a homicide. A large emergency services presence was spotted on the street at around 9am this morning, including several forensic teams who are scouring the property for evidence. Residents have been told to expect a "significant policing presence in the area" throughout the day. Essex Police called for those in the surrounding area to remain calm and speak to officers if they require reassurance. In a statement, Detective Chief Inspector Louise Metcalfe, of the Kent and Essex Serious Crime Directorate, said: "Our investigation is in its early stages, and we are working very quickly to piece together what led up to the incident in Nelson Grove.   "That will include viewing CCTV from neighbouring properties and carrying out a number of house-to-house enquiries in the area. "As a result, you can expect a large policing presence in the area throughout the day as we seek to establish the circumstances around this man’s death." According to EssexLive, four forensic teams have been searching the back garden of the property, as well as a car and the driveway. Eye-witnesses said that they had also seen officers entering the house. Essex Police said officers have already spoken to a number of people in the area - which sits near the River Can and Admirals Park - to obtain their accounts.   There are reportedly three police vehicles in attendance following the emergency response, two of which are for forensics. Chief Inspector Steve Scott-Haynes, Chelmsford District Commander, said: "This will understandably cause a great deal of concern among our community who are waking up to this news. "The investigation is being led by detectives from the Serious Crime Directorate and you can expect a significant policing presence in the area today from detectives and uniformed officers. "If you feel you need to speak to them, please do; they are there to help and reassure you."   The residential street sits to the west of Chelmsford city centre, close to Rainsford Lane (A1016) and Rainsford Road (A1060). Essex Police said anyone who was on the road between 11pm last night and the early hours of this morning who saw "an incident or any suspicious behaviour" to get in touch. They are also keen to receive any dashcam or doorbell footage that may help them in their enquiries. 