Referring to the UK, Stagnation Nation is the interim report of the Economy 2030 Inquiry by the Resolution Foundation think tank and the London School of Economics (LSE). It found the country now 21 percent poorer relative to the average of the comparative economies of Australia, Canada, France, Germany, and the Netherlands. Overcoming a “toxic combination” of low growth and high inequality is crucial for Britain to address the challenges of 2020s: recovering from the pandemic, adjusting to life outside the EU and achieving net zero targets.  The UK’s labour productivity – the hourly output of the economy – grew by just 0.4 percent per year in the 12 years following the 2008 financial crisis, less than half the rate of the 25 richest members of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD). The direct effect of weak productivity growth has been stagnant real wages – earnings in terms of the amount of goods and services can be bought – which grew by an average of 33 percent per decade between 1970 and 2007 but fell below zero in the 2010s. After a decade and a half of pay stagnation, wages are were at approximately the same level as they were before the financial crisis, resulting in a loss of £9,200 per worker per year relative to a world in which pay growth continued its pre-2008 trend. As inflation surges to its highest in 40 years, slated to reach double digits by the end of the year, real wages are now falling and the report predicts it will take until the middle of the decade to return to pre-pandemic income levels.  As a result, eight million young Brits have never worked in an economy that has sustained rising average wages, and 25 million have never lived in a country where the top ten percent have had incomes less than five times the bottom ten percent, pointing to a persistent inequality problem. Income inequality surged in the Eighties and has remained high ever since, the UK reporting higher levels than any other European country in 2018. Since the Eighties, wealth – the value of owned assets – has risen from three to almost eight times national income, while wealth taxes have not risen at all as a share of GDP. At the heart of this wealth increase has been the growth in house prices since the mid-Nineties, which despite delivering windfall gains to older generations has meant that today’s young people are less than half as likely to own a home as they were thirty years earlier. READ MORE: Businesses at risk due to 'record high' recruitment problems Suffering worst of all are low- and middle-income families, as the study estimates they are £8,800 worse off on average than in comparable nations. The poorest households in the UK have incomes 40 percent lower than those in a comparable set of five countries – Australia, Canada, France, Germany and the Netherlands. The country’s stark inequality problem is geographic as well, with income per person in the richest local authority – Kensington and Chelsea (£52,500) – 4.5 times that of the poorest – Nottingham (£11,700) – in 2019. The report suggests the UK’s best route to raising national income is to address the country’s geographic disparities. DON'T MISS:Dad shares 'easy' way he makes an extra £350 each month [EXCLUSIVE]Drivers could be saving hundreds on fuel by pressing secret button [REVEAL]POLL: Who won Sunday night's Tory leadership debate? VOTE HERE [POLL RESULTS]Family's home may be bulldozed but 'nobody bothered to tell them' [REPORT] Outside of the capital, all of England’s biggest cities have productivity levels below the national average, and London alone accounts for 63 percent of the UK’s services trade surplus. There is also a large productivity divide between the South East and the rest of the country. Widely recognised as an impediment to prosperity nationally, tackling these issues is the crux of the Government’s “Levelling-Up” agenda. However, the level of investment remains insufficient and inefficiently allocated, as the study found 18 percent of all revenue grants and 30 percent of all capital grants for local authorities are wound up every year.  The UK isn’t without its strengths: Britain remains the second largest exporter of services in the world, behind the US only, and boasts a high employment rate. The UK is also an intellectual powerhouse boasting world class universities and producing 14 percent of the world’s most highly cited scientific publications, more than any other G7 country. Britain is undoubtedly among the world’s most highly developed countries, having been one of the world’s richest for centuries, but it is straggling further and further behind the top of this group. The OECD now forecasts that the UK economy will not grow at all in 2023 – a worse performance than any G20 country bar Russia.   Stagnation, when coupled with the increased demands on public services due to the pandemic and an ageing population, explains why the tax burden is on course to reach its highest share of GDP since 1949. According to the study, the 2020s will be a pivotal decade for the UK to get back on track. Although Britain was the only large European country to have experienced a decline in trade openness in 2021 as global trade rebounded, Brexit defied predictions of an immediate decline in exports. The fast-falling costs and surging adoption of electric vehicles mean that the success of the Government’s net zero goals hinges on investing in home insulation, as 72 percent of low-income homeowners still live in poorly insulated homes. As the report concludes, these challenges also present an opportunity: the UK has significant room for improvement as it catches up to its international peers. The final report of the Economy 2030 Inquiry is set to be published in 2023. 