Anne Robinson fronted her final episode of Countdown on Wednesday afternoon but she simply signed off the show with her signature wink to the camera with no mention of her exit. Channel 4 viewers were left baffled as to why the veteran broadcaster failed to mention it was her final day presenting the game show. Countdown fans were expecting Anne to announce her departure during Wednesday's instalment of the show. There was no mention of her exit from herself or her Countdown colleagues, and her final conundrum was the word "loathsome". At the end of the instalment, she thanked Susie Dent, guest star Jenny Ryan from The Chase, and co-star Rachel Riley as usual. The former Weakest Link host ended the show with: "Thank you for watching. Bye." READ MORE: Ann Widdecombe in huge row with union chief 'Back to 70s!' Many Channel 4 viewers took to Twitter to comment on Anne's failure to mention it was her final episode. Stewart Curtin remarked: "Anne Robinson didn't say goodbye or anything on her final countdown." @Yesman073 quipped: "Blimey! So Anne leaving was as abrupt as her then!?" Nigel Carr penned: "No goodbyes for Anne Robinson? That’s a shame."  @WatcherMark added: "Oh, apparently it was Anne Robinson's final Countdown yesterday. "She was given no fanfare or heartfelt goodbye it seems, which as far as I'm concerned confirms her departure was NOT planned." Penteana said: "Anne Robinson left as presenter of #C4Countdown with no farewells. Strange!" Lawrence Caswell-Russell noted: "She left with immediate effect, and without filming a sendoff episode." DON'T MISS...Carol Vorderman put on the spot by Lorraine over Countdown return [INTERVIEW]Anne Robinson hints at move to TalkTV after quitting Countdown [INSIGHT]'Meghan Markle looking for next step up' Anne Robinson slams Duchess [OPINION] Anne's tenure on Countdown has only lasted a year, with the 77-year-old taking over from former The Apprentice aide Nick Hewer. Unlike Anne, Nick told viewers and his co-stars hosting Countdown with Susie and Rachel was a "pleasure". He also urged fans to be "generous" towards Anne who would be stepping into his shoes. Following Anne's exit, Rachel took to Twitter to gush about Colin Murray taking over from her.  The mathematician penned: "Today this lovely bloke @ColinMurray takes over hosting @C4Countdown. "He loves the show, the game, the contestants and the team and we all love him Catch us on weekdays same time, same place 2.10pm." (sic) Colin is the temporary host of the programme until Anne's permanent replacement is appointed. Countdown airs on weekdays at 2.10pm on Channel 4. 