Coleen Rooney is reportedly keen for her brother to look after her husband-of-14-years, Wayne Rooney, as he spends time in the States to discuss his new job role. The former Derby County player, 36, is rumoured to be set to sign on as manager of his old MLS club, and wife Coleen, also 36, has reportedly tasked her brother Anthony McLoughlin with keeping tabs on her partner. The WAG is reportedly keen to avoid a repeat of the time she and her family ventured out to the States a few years ago when Wayne played for DC United. Wayne touched down in America on Monday to discuss a career move. However, it's expected that the sportsman will be making the trip solo, with Coleen, Kai, 12, Klay, nine, Kit, six, and Cass, four, staying in the UK. Instead, Coleen has given her brother Anthony the responsibility of looking after Wayne while overseas. READ MORE: 'Not fun' Joan Collins, 89, rushed to hospital in Monaco A source claimed: "Wayne has assured Coleen he won’t let her down. "Things are different to when he was a player and he needs to lead by example on and off the field so he won’t be slipping back into bad habits." However, the WAG is said to still be "worried." The course continued to claim to The Sun: "Although she trusts Wayne she knows he can be easily led which is why she’d like her brother or one of Wayne’s brothers to be out there too to keep an eye on him." They added that the move would help make the mother-of-four feel "happier" about the move. The source went on to claim: "It’s something they did before. It helped to keep her up to date with what was going on, and Coleen wants to keep a close eye on him." It comes after Wayne and his family spent time in the States in 2018 when Wayne signed with DC United as a player, with Coleen making no secret of her dislike of her time spent there. In text messages that were shown as evidence as part of the Wagatha Christie libel trial, admitted she felt lonely. DON'T MISS... Britney Spears, 40, showcases amazing figure in NUDE swimming snaps [PICTURES]Tom Jones addresses rumours he 'collapsed' after cancelling show [UPDATE]James May brands relationship with co-stars Jeremy & Richard 'fragile' [INSIGHT] Coleen heartbreakingly told Rebekah Vardy that she "cried every night" as she missed her family in the UK. Last month, Coleen shared insights into her family holiday following the Rebekah Vardy libel trial. The family-of-six jetted off to Dubai, with Coleen and Wayne missing the last day of the trial. She appeared to have put the Wagatha Christie trial behind her as she jetted off to the sunny holiday destination. In the pictures Coleen shared with her 925,000 followers, the mother of four could be seen enjoying the sea with Wayne and their sons as they explored the coast by boat. The star looked radiant as she posed for sweet snaps with her family. Other photos show the family of six swimming with dolphins, while others only show Coleen posing alongside some of her children. Express.co.uk has contacted representatives of Coleen Rooney for comment.