July was wild for many, but August is set to bring even more to the forefront. The month is going to begin with a bang as Mars, the planet of passion and drive, joins forces with the unpredictable Uranus-North Node conjunction on August 1. Expect sudden shifts that both inspire and throw you. Relationships are also being taken for a spin this month, especially when Venus, the planet of love, forms an opposition with Pluto. With so much set to happen, Express.co.uk spoke to Celebrity Psychic and Astrologer Inbaal Honigman, who revealed exactly what the month has to offer each star sign. "This August is a wonderful month for planning and calculating, rather than bursting forth and doing,” Inbaal summarised. “When restrictions are out and obvious, in the open, not hiding in the shadows, we can choose our actions more authentically. “In August we will encounter a few uncomfortable periods. “Rules-loving Virgo controls our speech via the planet Mercury from the 4th to the 25th so we feel unable to speak up, meaning keeping quiet in relationships. “Traditional Taurus is in charge of our actions, through the planet Mars, until the 19th, so we are stopped from taking bold action, and not taking a job offer from the competitors. “But they are all very clear and anticipated blocks, so we can hurry and do what we like before, or just after those limited days. “When the limitations themselves are limited, we are more liberated and free to live as we like,” the expert added. READ MORE: Horoscopes today - Russell Grant's star sign forecast “You love moving forwards uninterrupted, gliding effortlessly over disputes and relationships of years gone by, Aries,” Inbaal said. “This month, you're not so lucky. “Even though Jupiter, planet of luck is in your sign all month, bringing good fortune every day, the planet is actually going retrograde all month, meaning everything will take its sweet time. “Not as quick as you'd like it, which will frustrate you.” “Your natural habitat is chilling in front of a screen with a cool drink in your hand, Taurus,” she added. “Sometimes, the drink is hot, but your status is unchanged, you enjoy peace in your life and predictable situations. “This August, you endure almost three weeks of constant action. With fiery planet Mars in your sign, you find yourself in arguments and disagreements, and you have no choice but to come up on top, thankfully ending on the 19th.” DON'T MISS...McDonald’s: ‘I tried the new Spanish menu, here's what I thought!' [REVIEW]How to clean a radiator: 4 steps to removing dust and dirt inside [VIDEO]Keep lemons firm and juicy for 4 weeks with easy food storage hack [GUIDE] “It takes you a while to make a decision anyway, Gemini, being decisive isn't your strong suit,” the expert revealed. “But when you're clear on what you want, you take direct action. “From the 30th onwards, Mars, planet of bold action, is in your sign, so you'll break up with the wrong one, you'll put in that resignation and you'll shout down that complaining mum at the neighbourhood watch meet.” “A little afterglow from Cancer season remains - you find Venus, planet of love and domesticity in your sign until the 11th,” Inbaal commented. “You're fairly domestic anyway, but this combination brings some real palpable joy to your abode. “This is a new rug, or a fresh scented candle, which makes home feel like the cosiest, loveliest space on Earth. “You love company, and surround yourself with your closest friends and relatives, in your own home, where you're happiest.” “Most of the month is in the sign of Leo, so this is your season, to enjoy and make good use of,” she said. “The sun in your sign until the 22nd, so you will see solutions to problems, and uncover secrets of the past. “Work situations will resolve effortlessly, and your love story will enjoy a boost of joy. “After the 12th, your romantic life take centre stage, and a lot of kisses and cuddles fill your day.” READ MORE: Horoscopes: How each star sign can ‘get the most out of life’ “There's a new moon in your sign on August 27th, Virgo, and it's a time for new beginnings,” the expert remarked. “On that entire weekend, both the sun and the moon are in your sign, which means that everything and everyone is on your side. “You'll be successful with whatever you try, so use these positive energies for good, not for evil. For peace, not for war. “Between the 4th and the 25th, Mercury, planet of communication is in your sign, so a new work contract is likely to be offered to you.” “The final week of August is when you find Mercury, planet of communication, in your sign, Libra,” Inbaal explained. “This is a time when you feel like speaking up, standing your ground and expressing your emotions, at long last. “You've been waiting for this moment. There's a hero's journey involved this month, as you find your courage. “Your ruling planet, Venus, moves from timid Cancer to fearless Leo on the 12th, and you feel more confident afterwards as a result.” “Not that you need to hide anything, but you do enjoy keeping your cards close to your chest, Scorpio,” she said. “You like having your little secrets, and you take comfort from knowing that people can't tell what you're up to. “Leo season is tough on you, because it's a time that everyone finds out everything, so remember to lay low and entertain yourself quietly. “Actions taken on the 14th will get a boost from Mars, planet of passion, so let someone know you are interested.” “Any month when you're not on a plane, going somewhere exciting, is a wasted month for you, Sagittarius, and unfortunately, August is yet another non-travel month for you, as your ruling planet, generous Jupiter, is retrograde all month,” the astrologer revealed. “Jupiter is in active Aries, so you keep expecting action, but the retrograde blocks it. “You wait for price drops on travel and they just don't come. “Luckily, on the 18th, you have a very romantic date with someone special, which cheers you right up.” “The Lion's Gate portal is the date of 8/8, which is said to open a gateway to make manifestations happen, and all the different signs can use this date to create the future that they desire,” Inbaal mentioned. “Your window of opportunity to make your wishes come true, is a little longer than everyone else's, because the moon is in your sign on the 9, 10 and 11 of August. “Use that entire week to think carefully about what you'd like to have appear in your life, and purposefully wish for it.” “The full moon in your sign on the 12th sets the scene for the entire month, Aquarius,” she continued. “This is the time to make your wishes for the whole year - what would you like to achieve? What would you like to get rid of? “With Saturn, planet of Karma, going retrograde in your sign all month, you'll be presented with the outcomes of decisions you made years ago. Be courageous and say goodbye to mistakes of the past. “Useless friends, bad exes - prepare to say goodbye.” “Neptune, planet of spirituality, is your ruling planet and it's also in your sign all month, which means you are feeling your abilities, you're aware of your value and your self-worth is doing well,” the expert commented. “However, it is in retrograde all month, which means a lot of plans will have to wait a while. “On the 7th, just before the Lion's Gate portal, love takes a turn for the better."