The soap star-turned farmer told This Morning presenters Josie Gibson and Craig Doyle about his new acting roles away from Emmerdale. He described how he hoped his change from screen to stage had "changed perceptions" about him. Appearing on the ITV show on Tuesday, the 38-year-old reflected on how his life has changed since he quit the popular soap.  Speaking about his new stage role in Jack Absolute Flies Again, Kelvin explained what drew him to the theatre work. "It was a huge opportunity but at the same time it was a bit daunting as well," he admitted. "Because [I'm] performing in front of 1,000 people every single day. "And there's no, 'Can we go again? Can we reset?' It's live. READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow expert in awe of gold ring found at car boot sale "So it's a fantastic show and just a huge honour to be a part of it." Craig asked: "Do you get upset at this stage when people go, 'Oh it's Emmerdale's Kelvin Fletcher?' "[Having been] on stage are you happier now there's a bit of time?" "Yeah, there's been enough time," the actor commented. "And I think I've, you know, I'm confident that I've broken and changed that perception." He went on: "I've just come from the back of a drama and am about to start another one. "So still for me as an actor, it's to play as many different platforms - whether that's theatre, TV, film, and as many different characters and genres as well. "And I'm demonstrating that with this comedy piece - and with a moustache!" DON'T MISS... Mick Lynch hits out at Truss 'wanting to make strikes illegal’ [VIDEO]Antiques Roadshow expert in awe of gold ring found at car boot sale [LATEST]Gok Wan declares he’s ‘had enough’ as he walks off This Morning [VIDEO]  Kelvin is used to taking career risks after lockdown inspired him to take on a completely new project. His new show, Kelvin's Big Farming Adventure, started on BBC One early last year. The Strictly Come Dancing winner bought a 120-acre farm with no farming experience whatsoever. Kelvin played a farmer in the ITV soap for years, but taking on his own farm was a completely new experience for him. Kelvin, along with his wife Liz, moved his two young children from their home in early 2021 so the family could fully embrace the farming life. Kelvin was crowned winner of Strictly Come Dancing alongside professional dancer Oti Mabuse in 2019, and in the years since he has focused on farming. His acting days are far from behind him though, with new projects clearly up his sleeve. This Morning airs weekdays from 10am on ITV.