Katie Holmes, 43, has been notoriously private about the daughter she shares with Tom Cruise, rarely speaking about her publicly. However she has now lifted the lid on the pair's bond, admitting that the Covid lockdown was a "perpetual vacation" for them. Discussing the mother-daughter bond they developed, she joked that they had also loved one particular film so much, they had watched it ten times. "I painted, we had a sewing machine, so we were making quilts, we were cooking; we were on a perpetual vacation," Katie enthused. "We were also on a lake and there was a hammock, so I would wake up, sew, have coffee, take a nap on the hammock," she recounted. "Oh and, by the way, I have to throw this in; we were staying by a lake, so we probably watched Dirty Dancing ten times. READ NOW: Helen Skelton flashes flashes abs in crop top amid recent split "Let me tell you, I danced to it in the living room, and it still holds up. It was fun," Katie told Amazing magazine. The actress also spoke proudly of her daughter's "strong" personality and the desire that she has to foster her "individuality". She gave birth to adorable Suri 16 years ago following her whirlwind romance with Top Gun: Maverick star Tom Cruise. Tom famously leapt onto the couch and declared his love for her during a world-famous interview with Oprah Winfrey on the subject. However his membership of the Church of Scientology is said to have been a factor in the pair's eventual divorce. The actor, who also has two older children with Nicole Kidman, has stated that Katie's wish not to involve their daughter in his religion was one reason for the split, according to HuffPost. Though he told ABC News that Suri's birth was "spiritual", "powerful" and "indescribable", he has not been seen publicly with her since a 2012 trip to Disneyland. Meanwhile Katie's love for her daughter remains strong, with her previously telling InStyle: "I love her so much. DON'T MISS... Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen's 'invasive' issue ahead of divorce [INSIGHT] Neighbours’ Jackie Woodburne on 'heartbreaking' farewell to character [INTERVIEW] Coronation Street's Millie Gibson reunites with onscreen mum Kel Allen [PHOTOS]  "Then she's like, 'Ok, I'm going to try the next thing.' She's very focused and a hard worker." It has been important for Katie to shield her daughter from the public in the past, with her rarely posting photos of her online. She also admitted to the Australian Daily Telegraph: "I like to keep her out of my interviews." However, every once in a while, the barrier breaks down and Katie reveals how much she enjoys being a mum.