Thunderstorms can occur at any time of the year but are most common in the heat of summer. Lighting strikes and heavy downpours can make humid storms even more hazardous, leaving everyone from pedestrians to drivers, and even swimmers at risk while outside. Here’s what you need to know about staying safe in a thunder and lightning storm, including the best and worst places to be when the storm breaks. With scorching temperatures of more than 40C recorded across the UK today, the Met Office has warned of thunderstorms and heavy showers sweeping parts of England and Wales this evening, and later into the week. While dark clouds and the sudden rumbling of thunder can make it tempting to run to the first sheltered spot you see, it’s not always the safest option when you’re caught outside in a storm. So which places should you avoid when thunder and lightning strike? READ MORE: Meghan 'takes the lead' with Harry - 'still suffering awkwardness' According to Ocean Swims, swimming in a thunder and lightning storm is not safe, whether you’re in the ocean or a pool. Even just a dip in your garden paddling pool can be problematic in a storm as the lighting strikes horizontally, rather than penetrating deep into the water. Ocean Swims said: “A body of water is the equivalent of putting a hairdryer in a bath, and because water conducts electricity, lightning is more likely to strike water than land. “If the water you’re swimming in gets struck by lightning it can severely injure you or even kill you.” When lightning does strike water, the electric charge can travel as little as 10m or as much as 100m - depending on the power of the lightning bolt itself. For swimmers, this means the bolt doesn’t have to hit you directly to be dangerous. Seeking shade during a heatwave is always a good idea when the sun is out, but sitting under a tree can be dangerous when a lightning storm hits. Baptist Health explained that the lightning can strike the tree and jump to you (a side flash), leaving you more exposed than you think. Once a bolt of lighting has made contact with a tree, falling branches could cause injury if you are nearby. If you're camping on open ground and directly under a storm, it is a good idea to get out of the tent. While they are great for sheltering from the rain and wind, they provide no protection from thunder and lightning thanks to the metal ridgepoles, which could act as a lightning rod. DON'T MISS:Solar storm warning as 'chaotic' space weather to rock Earth in hours [LATEST]Met Office reveals exactly when thunder and lightning will hit today[INSIGHT]Fierce thunderstorms and heavy rain BATTER Britain on hottest day ever [REVEAL] A motor vehicle isn’t an entirely unsafe place to be in a thunderstorm, but it can be if you are driving at the time. The Met Office said: “It is advised that you wind up the windows and stay inside your car. This is because in the vast majority of cars with a metal roof and frame, the frame will act as a conductive Faraday cage, passing the current around the passengers inside and onto the ground.” It is also important to note that current can travel through other parts of many modern cars too, including GPS and radio systems. Cars with metal interior handles, foot pedals and steering wheels are also at risk. Just as there are plenty of places to avoid during a storm, there are just as many safety points where you can seek refuge if you’re stuck outside. According to the Ramblers’ Association, it is safest to find the lowest open ground rather than taking shelter in caves or under trees. Insulating materials such as rucksacks and sleeping mats should be used to sit on to minimise direct contact with the ground.  Where are the safest places to be during a thunder and lightning storm?  Just as there are plenty of places to avoid during a storm, there are just as many safety points where you can seek refuge if you’re stuck outside.  Low ground  According to the Ramblers’ Association, it is safest to find the lowest open ground rather than taking shelter in caves or under trees.  Insulating materials such as rucksacks and sleeping mats should be used to sit on to minimise direct contact with the ground.  Your car  According to Outdoor People, your car can offer suitable refuge from a tent while camping during a storm.  If you do choose to hide away in the car, it is important not to touch the handles and leave the engine off as they may conduct electricity. According to Outdoor People, your car can offer suitable refuge from a tent while camping during a storm. If you do choose to hide away in the car, it is important not to touch the handles and leave the engine off as they may conduct electricity. When a thunder and lightning storm strikes, the best advice to go by is “when thunder roars, go indoors”. Look out for dark skies and listen for thunder. If you can hear thunder, you are at risk of being struck by lightning and should go inside immediately. It is best to wait at least 30 minutes after seeing lightning or hearing thunder before resuming your activity - don’t go back outside just because the harsh weather has slowed or stopped.