Buddy, a 12 year old Staffordshire Bull Terrier Cross, arrived at the gates of Dogs Trust Merseyside back in April. For eight years, he had been living on the streets with his homeless owner. However, the pair were forced to split up after the homeless man was left with a "heart-breaking" decision between his loyal hound and a roof over his head. Buddy is now looking for a new owner to give him the love and affection he deserves, reports the Liverpool Echo. The team at Dogs Trust say it's "hard to believe" that the poor dog has not yet been rehomed. Yet, despite his gentle nature, only one family has inquired about Buddy in his three month stay at Dogs Trust. Georgina Lowery, manager at Dogs Trust Merseyside said: "It is such a sad situation. "Buddy was a much-loved dog but when his owner was finally able to get some stability, Buddy couldn’t stay with him and he had to make the heart-breaking decision to hand him over to us. “Buddy has probably experienced quite a lot over the last eight years and so it’s no surprise that nothing seems to faze him. He is a gorgeous older gentleman, has been well cared for and he loves gentle walks and playing with his toys, especially tennis balls.  "He would make a great family dog, but sadly although he has been with us since April, nobody has fallen in love with him yet, which we find hard to believe "Older dogs do sometimes get over-looked, but rehoming an older dog is a wonderful way to make sure a dog at every stage of their life gets the love and attention they deserve, and they make lovely companions. "Buddy can live with children aged ten and over, he is a calm boy with a great personality and now he’s older, although he’s great fun to be around, he doesn’t need taking out on long walks. He has shown some signs of confusion, as we all do as we get older, but we think that may largely be down to the incredible amount of change he has had to deal with recently.  “He is such a gentle soul and he is proof that when rehoming an older dog, what you see is what you get. His gorgeous personality has already been shaped and we are confident he’ll fit in really easily with a loving family. "He just needs someone to see beyond his age so he can enjoy the home comforts, particularly a comfy sofa, he deserves." If you think you could give Buddy a new home please visit www.dogstrust.org.uk, or call Dogs Trust Merseyside on 0151 480 0660. 