Sources in Portugal are insisting Cristiano Ronaldo hasn’t asked to leave Manchester United, according to reports. The 37-year-old has supposedly told the club to let him go providing a ‘suitable’ offer arrives amid speculation linking him with Chelsea and Bayern Munich. However, the saga has now taken another twist. Manchester United only brought Ronaldo back 11 months ago, with the Portugal international proceeding to score 24 goals across all competitions amid a turbulent season under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick. But, now, his long-term future at Old Trafford is up in the air. Many publications have claimed Ronaldo has asked to leave United behind, with the Portugal international reluctant to play in the Europa League next term. Yet The Sun say sources in Portugal have claimed the veteran HASN’T handed in a transfer request and has no intention of doing so. That twist means things are currently unclear, with Ronaldo unlikely to speak on the matter given how rarely he talks in public. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez However, the fact that United are refusing to comment on the claims suggests there’s no smoke without fire. United, for their part, are adamant that Ronaldo won’t be sold this summer - especially as they gear up for a new era under Erik ten Hag. Speaking at his unveiling in May, Ten Hag made it clear that he wanted to keep the forward due to the fact he’d bring ‘goals’ to his team. Ronaldo has, however, never played in the Europa League over the course of his glittering career so far. Some reports have even claimed he sees the tournament as ‘beneath him’ given he’s one of the best players in Champions League history. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen He’s scored 140 goals in that competition, more than any other player, and his efforts propelled the Red Devils into the round of 16 last term when they were beaten by Atletico Madrid. And he’s also won the Champions League five times, too. The first was at United in 2008, when they beat Chelsea in the final to reach the promised land having last secured the trophy nine years previously. Ronaldo was also part of the Red Devils side that reached the final the following year, when Barcelona won 2-0 courtesy of goals from Samuel Eto’o and Lionel Messi in Rome. In 2014, the Portugal international scored the final goal in Real Madrid’s 4-1 win over Atletico. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team Two years later, they won the famous trophy under Zinedine Zidane - with Atletico again beaten in the final. In 2017, Ronaldo scored twice in Cardiff as Los Blancos put Juventus to the sword - making them the first club to retain the Champions League in the modern era. And though he was unable to score in the 2018 final win over Liverpool, Ronaldo was still instrumental as Real reigned supreme that year. Regarding Ronaldo, former United star Wes Brown recently talked to Express Sport about the veteran. And he insisted that while his team-mate was approaching the twilight years of his career, he was still very much a player worth keeping. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “He’s a different breed,” he said. “We need to make signings regardless but keeping Ronaldo will be a big plus, just look at the goals he got us this year. “You can say lots of things good, or bad, but ultimately he will score you goals as well. “Obviously Cavani has gone. Pretty much every position we need to improve on and I’m pretty sure the manager will know that, he’s been told that’s absolutely fine and the funds are there to do that. “Ultimately it’s about whether we can get hold of these players and can we get them at the right price as well.”