Rafael Nadal has withdrawn from Wimbledon with an abdominal injury. The Spaniard battled through the problem to defeat Taylor Fritz in five sets in Wednesday's quarter-final but admitted he didn't know whether he'd be able to recover in time for his semi-final. Reports have claimed that scans showed Nadal has a 7mm tear in his abdomen. His withdrawal means Nick Kyrgios will reach a maiden Grand Slam final, where he will face either Novak Djokovic or Cam Norrie. It also means he will be unable to complete the Calendar Slam. Nadal confirmed the news in a press conference at Wimbledon at just after 7pm on Thursday evening, saying: "I have to pull out from the tournament. As everybody saw yesterday I have been suffering with the plain in the abdominal, I know something was not okay there as yesterday I said and yeah, that's confirmed I have a tear in the muscle, in the abdominal. "The communication is too late because even like that I was thinking the whole day about the decision to make but I think it doesn’t make sense to go, even if I tried a lot in my career to keep going. Very tough circumstances in that one I think it's obvious if I keep going the injury is gonna get worse and worse." The Spaniard said he would not be able to compete properly in the next two matches, forcing his hand as he continued: "I made this decision because I can’t be competitive and win the next two matches. I don’t want to make things worse, but I am very sad." LIVE UPDATES: Wimbledon LIVE: Nadal forced OUT of Wimbledon due to injury  And Nadal also said his withdrawal came out to "respect" to himself, having been unable to compete at his usual level. "For respect to myself in some way I don't want to go out there not be competitive enough to play at the level that I need to play to achieve my goal, and big chance to make the things much worse," he said. The world No 4 also didn't want to risk the next few months of the season, as he shared his hopes to stick to a "normal schedule" after recovering from his latest injury, adding: "I can’t risk that match and staying two to three months out of competition.” The two-time champion at the All England Club was also sad to pull out after feeling he had the level of tennis to win the tournament, as he said: "I felt that playing at the level I was playing probably I will have a chance." He was in contention for the Calendar Grand Slam for the first time in his career after winning the Australian Open and French Open, but insisted that winning all four Majors in the same season was never his goal this fortnight. JUST IN: Nadal told to set US Open goal as Spaniard confirms Wimbledon exit The 36-year-old is now hoping to be back in time for the Canada Masters, which begins in exactly a month on August 7. Nadal said he would be able to return to practising from the baseline in as early as a week as he hoped to continue with his schedule for the rest of the season as planned. "It going to be around between three, four weeks, normal thing for these kind of injuries. So I hope that this will not make me -- I hope these three, four weeks will allow me to do my normal calendar. That's the calendar that I have on mind," he said. "In one week I gonna be able to play from the baseline not serving for a while, of course. Playing from the baseline not going to be a big deal. In some way that's a positive thing, that I going to keep being able to practice from the baseline. That helps to try to make the calendar that I want to do." 