Boris Johnson will resign today after nearly three days of ministerial departures, with 57 Government members having sent their letters. Those letters, both from Cabinet and junior ministers, have sent the Johnson administration to its death throes, as the Prime Minister was left without the staff necessary to run the country. He will make a statement confirming his move to the millions of people he claimed had handed him a mandate.  Downing Street confirmed the move after rumours this morning in a brief statement that committed him to an announcement today. A spokesman said: “The prime minister will make a statement to the country today.” As he prepares to leave today, he will follow his predecessor Theresa May's emotional statement in 2019 with one of his own. He is expected to arrive at the Number 10 lectern within the next few hours. READ MORE: Boris Johnson net worth as he prepares to resign as Prime Minister   The announcement is expected to come at 12.30pm on Thursday afternoon. Beth Rigby, Sky News' political editor, said the statement may come "some time this morning", while her colleague Kay Burley tweeted that it would happen around 12pm. But she conceded there is no official word on the time he will arrive at the lectern, with Number 10 yet to confirm. As people wait, people are questioning whether when the Prime Minister has delivered that statement, he will walk back into his office for another few months.  While the game is over for Mr Johnson, he could remain Prime Minister until the autumn. Conservatives will now conduct a leadership contest to locate his successor, during which time the country still needs a leader. The Prime Minister may remain in place as a "caretaker" directing business until around September. But the discontent with his premiership has led some Conservatives to reject him staying on in even as a "lame duck". DON'T MISS'Bye bye Boris!' Bundestag channels Steve Bray - INSIGHTTop MP tells Boris to go NOW and not wait until autumn - ANALYSISGleeful Sturgeon hails 'relief' as Boris quits - PICTURES Some have ruled out a "farewell tour" for the outgoing Prime Minister, including still serving Cabinet members. They believe the protest against him demands a fresh figure in Number 10 who can direct the country away from his chaotic rule. Business secretary Kwasi Kwarteng outlined the case for someone other than Mr Johnson serving for the next few months. He wrote: "What a depressing state of affairs. So much needless damage caused."  "We now need a new Leader as soon as practicable. Someone who can rebuild trust, heal the country, and set out a new, sensible and consistent economic approach to help families." He added: "Westminster is a mess, but this investment - and those jobs - will outlast any PM. The wheels of Government must continue in the meantime."] Reports suggest other Tory MPs share Mr Kwarteng's view, insisting his deputy should replace him for the interim. Dominic Raab, the Justice Minister, could become Prime Minister if they get their way. 