Manchester United could well take advantage of Kalidou Koulibaly's impending move to Chelsea as Napoli are reportedly eyeing up Eric Bailly as the Senegalese centre-back's replacement. The Serie A side are understood to have made contact with United over the Ivorian, who has emerged as one of a number of defensive target this summer.  Chelsea are understood to be the verge of signing Koulibaly in a £34million deal as Thomas Tuchel continues to set about bolstering his backline in the current transfer window. The 31-year-old is expected to complete his Blues medical on Thursday, with transfer insider Fabrizio Romano having confirmed a fee has been agreed with Napoli, while the player will pen a long-term deal worth in the region of £8.4m per season. With Napoli bracing themselves to lose the defender, who Gli Azzurri manager Luciano Spalletti confirmed was intended to inherit the club's captain's armband next season, the Serie A side have begun planning for his departure. According to Italian journalist Alfredo Pedulla, Napoli have identified a number of potential replacements for the Blues-bound Koulibaly, and United squad player Bailly is high up on the list. The Italian outfit are understood to have made contact with the Red Devils, who could look to cash in on the fringe player this summer, especially as talks with Ajax over Lisandro Martinez are thought to be progressing well. United are expected to conclude a deal for the versatile Argentine defender imminently. JUST IN: Sterling pens heartfelt message to Man City ahead of Chelsea transfer  In addition to Bailly, Napoli are said to be considering a number of other alternatives. Fiorentina's Nikola Milenkovic, Fenerbahce's Kim Min-jae and Udinese's Rodrigo Becao have all been linked with a move to Naples, while a deal to sign Leo Ostigard from Brighton is nearing its completion. Bailly joined United from Villarreal for a fee in the region of £30m back in 2016, but has struggled to establish himself as first-team regular since making the switch to Old Trafford. The 28-year-old has made a mere 113 appearances across his six seasons in Manchester, with just seven coming in the season just gone. READ MORE: Newcastle deal collapses as PSG 'reach agreement' to hijack transfer  The Ivory Coast international is currently on tour with Erik ten Hag's team in Thailand and featured in the Red Devils rampant 4-0 win over Liverpool in Bangkok on Tuesday. The defender is also set to travel with the squad to Australia, where United's pre-season preparations continue against Melbourne Victory, Crystal Palace and Aston Villa. Last season, Harry Maguire, Victor Lindelof and Raphael Varane were evidently all ahead of Bailly in United's pecking order, and the expected arrival of Martinez this summer is only likely to see the centre-back fall further down the club's order of preference. Bailly was linked with a move to Serie A back in January, with AC Milan thought to have expressed an interest.  