Cristiano Ronaldo doesn’t appear to have any intentions of going on strike at Manchester United, according to reports. The Portugal international is eager to leave in order to pursue a new challenge elsewhere. But the Red Devils are adamant their prized asset isn’t for sale, despite links to Chelsea and Bayern Munich arising. Manchester United saw Ronaldo score 24 goals across all competitions last season, including 18 in the Premier League. But the Portugal international now wants to leave for a club playing in the Champions League after the Red Devils finished sixth in the table. Ronaldo has been linked with a move to Chelsea in the wake of the decision to loan out Romelu Lukaku, while Bayern have also emerged as potential suitors. Yet the Independent claim the 37-year-old has no plans to go on strike, with that specific idea ‘overplayed’. It’s claimed the magnitude of Ronaldo’s dismay at United is being exaggerated, despite his desire to secure a move away. He’s yet to resume training with the club, citing ‘family reasons’ as a reason for his failure to attend. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez And United are accepting of that reason, with an issue behind the scenes not previously reported - despite the conspiracy theories online. Ronaldo is concerned about United’s lack of transfer activity, with Tyrell Malacia their only new recruit. The Netherlands international has joined from Feyenoord and is expected to provide competition for Luke Shaw at left-back. But Ronaldo feels United need more fresh blood as they look to reel in the likes of Liverpool and Manchester City next term. He also wants to play in the Champions League, having never graced the Europa League in its modern format. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen However, any deal for Ronaldo won’t come cheap - which may explain why he’s facing a shortage of suitors at the current moment in time. Ronaldo’s face was used to help promote United’s new home shirt for next season, which was unveiled on Friday. And the party line is still that he’s been saying, even if talk of the Portugal international jumping ship continues to gather momentum. United do not want to pursue a No 9 this summer, with Barcelona’s Frenkie de Jong very much their main priority. So that means Ronaldo could still stay at United an play a part as they gear up for the start of the Erik ten Hag era. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team Rio Ferdinand, meanwhile, has reacted to the latest developments surrounding Ronaldo and his long-term future at Old Trafford. "Anyone who wants to win football matches or trophies, anyone who is used to winning and competing every year at the top of the table for the biggest prizes, and then all of a sudden isn't - and doesn't even qualify for the Champions League - you can't sit here and expect them to be happy,” he said. "He's not happy with missing out on the Champions League, he doesn't even know what the Europa League soundtrack sounds like! “When that comes on, he's going to be thinking ‘what dance am I in here?’” And he added: "I've been seeing people being a touch disrespectful, the way that people are questioning 'he's not here' and the hysteria surrounding it. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. “A member of his family is not well, so he's not at training. "This is the most consummate, most professional athlete that we've seen on these shores. The most professional athlete we've seen for over 15 years and people are questioning this guy's professionalism and why he's not at the training ground. "Yeah he might want to leave, he might not be happy with certain things at the football club, but in terms of professionalism, this guy is training where he is - we've seen the pictures. “His family are there, he needs to be where they are and you have to respect that. Simple as. “Could it have been communicated better by the club? Probably."