Boris Johnson delivered a blistering parting shot to the former Chancellor as he suggested he would be eager to send him "into orbit". Prime Minister Johnson used his recent visit to RAF Coningsby in Lincolnshire, during which he tried out flying a Typhoon, as a metaphor for his premiership. Discussing his three years at the helm of the country, he said he is now prepared to hand over control of the "clutch" to his successor, seemingly taking aim at Rishi Sunak for his role in his downfall.  Opening the Farnborough Air Show,Mr Johnson said: "And I want you to know that after 3 happy years in the cockpit and after performing some pretty difficult if not astonishing feats – getting Brexit done and restoring this country’s ability to make its own laws in parliament; vaccinating the population faster than any other comparable country... "And ensuring the fastest growth in the G7, and being the first European country to give the Ukrainians the vital military help they need see off Putin’s aggression; cutting neighbourhood crime by 31 percent; lowest unemployment for almost 50 years; gigabit broadband from 7 to 69 percent. "I am about to hand the controls over seamlessly to someone else but whoever it is I can tell you the twin engines of this Conservative government will roar on fantastic public services, a dynamic market economy, each boosting the other and there could be no better example of that relationship that symbiosis between government and the private sector than the aviation industry and if you want a final example of this government’s ambition I give you not just FCAS or Jet Zero but space flight" He continued: "This year if all goes well we will launch the first UK satellite in history to enter space from UK soil as Newquay becomes this country’s equivalent of Cape Kennedy and I leave it to you to imagine who I would like at this stage to send into orbit but with so much to look forward to and with the UK at the leading edge of progress not just for our national security and prosperity but for the protection of the planet itself." JUST IN: Brexit: BBC row as Huw Edwards wades in on Mordaunt over 'brilliant' Brexit lies clip Afterwards, Mr Johnson met aviation leaders and apprentices, chatted to British astronaut Tim Peake and stepped inside an electric vertical take-off and landing aircraft at the event in Hampshire. The Prime Minister agreed with the party he would leave office in September following the election of a new Tory leader. The House of Commons' summer recess begins on Friday. Mr Johnson continued: "On this scorching day, with the thermometer about to blow and temperatures here apparently higher than the Sahara, there is the next great technological challenge, which is how to send a plane across the Atlantic without burning thousands of tons of kerosene and adding to the carbon tea cosy that is heating our planet to destruction. READ MORE: Truss and Sunak set to PULL OUT of Tory leaders TV debate as explosive new claims emerge The Prime Minister is concluding his tenure with more criticism for not leading emergency meetings being held in response to the extreme temperatures. Cabinet Office minister Kit Malthouse, who will chair another Cobra meeting on Monday. Downing Street insisted it was "not unusual" for Cabinet ministers to lead such meetings. DON'T MISS: Wuhan horror as wet market locked down over fatal disease fears [REVEAL]Putin now using same tactics as HITLER [INSIGHT]James Webb horror as £8.4bn NASA space telescope damaged by meteorite [REPORT] Farnborough Air Show is one of the world's biggest aerospace and defence trade shows. The five-day event is expected to be attended by around 1,500 exhibitors and 80,000 visitors from 96 countries. The show usually takes place every two years, but the coronavirus pandemic means this is the first time it has been held since 2018. Deals worth a total of £161 billion (192 billion US dollars) were agreed at the last show, according to organisers.