Writing on Twitter the Lawyer and Human Rights activist was raging at the prospect of the monarch receiving the bonus during a cost of living crisis. Describing the inequality as “staggering” the author of ‘This is Why I Resist: Don't Define My Black Identity’ asked “Why do we have a Monarchy again?”  She said: “So the Queen’s income must rise to £30m while the working class Brit loses income in #CostOfLivingCrisis. “Wow. Why do we have a Monarchy again? “The inequality is staggering at ALL levels.” The Queen is set to receive the bonus due to a little known rule that means that the size of the taxpayer funded grant to finance the monarchy can never go down.  The Royal family's income is partially generated by the Sovereign Grant funded by the taxpayers and paid for by the Government. It is currently £86.3 million a year. The size of the grant is usually equivalent to 15 percent of the profits made by the Crown Estate. This has since been increased to 25 percent to fund renovations at Buckingham Palace. READ MORE: Furious Dr Shola erupts after Prince Louis 'smacks Kate'  The money is usually used to fund royal trips abroad and the maintenance of properties. However, according to The i newspaper the Crown Estate made significantly less money over the past two years due to COVID-19 restrictions. Although in theory this should mean that the Sovereign Grant should be less, it will actually stay the same due to a little known clause called the “golden ratchet”. The rule passed by David Cameron’s Government in 2012 states that the grant must stay the same as the previous year even if profits have decreased. DON'T MISS:  Dr Shola erupts in furious rant over ‘wicked' Thomas Markle [REVEAL] Dr Shola praises Meghan's food donation to Texas shooting victims [INSIGHT] 'I deserve better than this fool!' Dr Shola tears Boris apart [SPOTLIGHT]  Therefore as a result the size of the taxpayer fund can never go down even if profit from the Crown Estate does. According to the i, this will mean the Queen will receive an extra £27 million in income over the next two years. Writing on Twitter anti- monarchy pressure group Republic was left fuming at the move describing it as “indefensible”. They said: “If Crown Estate profits dropped to zero, the Sovereign Grant would remain at £86m for the following year. “This highlights the point we've often made that the grant comes from the government, not from the Crown Estate. “This arrangement is unique. Every other public body must submit proposed budgets and then negotiate how much money they'll get next year, based on what they spent in the previous year and what they expect they'll need in the future. “For the royals, they just keep getting large increases year on year and their funding can never be cut, unlike funding for schools, hospitals or the police. “The royals are not required to justify their spending in order to secure any increase in their budget, and they don't need to negotiate or face the possibility of cuts. “While public services have been facing severe cuts for ten years and public sector workers have seen their incomes drop in real terms, the Sovereign Grant has increased by more than 55% since 2012. “The Sovereign Grant is clearly absurd and indefensible. It is also deeply dishonest.” 