The last New Moon in its home sign of Cancer inspired us to go with our gut. Next came the Capricorn Full Supermoon to help us step out of our comfort zone and head in the direction of our “true north”. Now, to help us tap into the self-belief it’ll take to reach our goals and ambitions is the Leo New Moon. Express.co.uk spoke to Moon Mentor and author of 'Lunar Living: Working with the Magic of the Moon Cycle and Crystals for Self-Care', Kirsty Gallagher (@kirsty_gallagher_ on Instagram), to find out what’s in store for the Leo New Moon. The next few weeks will see some pretty huge astrological events take place, from a Full Supermoon to meteor showers, all of which will be opening “powerful energetic portals”, according to Kirsty. She said: “We are going to feel this energy strongly, and this New Moon - and the events that follow - will be big turning points in your life if you work consciously with these energies. “There may be a sense of things breaking down, breaking up, collapsing, and falling apart, but I want to assure you that everything happening over these coming weeks is here to help you.” Kirsty said the events will help “to shift you into a new level of consciousness and awareness and connect you more deeply to who you are, moving you along your soul path.” READ MORE: Perseid meteor shower tonight: Where to look for spectacle  “Trust that it’s all happening for your highest good.” Vivacious and passionate, Leo signs are represented by the lion, which symbolises sovereignty, rulership, and courage. A Leo Moon inspires a time to take up space, embrace who you are and the things you enjoy, and move forward with confidence, just as any spirited fire sign would. Kirsty said: “[The New Moon] is going to be an awakening, and although it may not feel easy or comfortable at the time - awakenings rarely do - it’s taking you to the next level of your life, consciousness, and human experience.  “I know that right now the world may feel wild, chaotic, erratic, scary and unsettling. “But if we can do the work that this Moon is asking of us, if we can choose not to add to the scarcity, lack and fear and instead connect to, know, and begin to operate from the level of our soul, we can create huge shifts not only in our lives but also the lives of everyone around us. “It is time to open yourself up to more of what you want and be brave enough to follow it.” DON'T MISS:Apollo 11 scientist reveals spot NASA never managed to visit [INSIGHT]How to make your garden quieter - 7 ways to block out noisy neighbours [EXPLAINED]Banish mosquitos by getting rid of 'decorative features' - simple hack [ANALYSIS]    Try to remain open-minded and flexible during this transit to really capitalise on the opportunities that new beginnings bring. The Leo New Moon will meet with Jupiter at 9.37pm, inspiring a time for strong introspection and reflection. Although this might stir a sense of uneasiness, it’s important to reflect in order to move forward. Kirsty said: “These powerful portals are asking you to liberate and free yourself and find new levels of courage and confidence, what you have to offer, and what you can create and achieve.  “And the more you go bigger, go brighter, go bolder and go after what you truly want, the more you raise the vibration of the universe, contribute to creating a new world, inspire all those around you to do the same and live the life your soul came here to live.” Use this Leo New Moon, and all the powerful planetary energies, to set big intentions for the year. Kirsty said: “But, most of all be brave, be bold, take a risk, go after what you want and don’t be afraid to shine, the world needs your light.” 