Following further resignations and even a sacking, Kwasi Kwarteng decided he didn’t want to chat about the state of the Conservative Party on Good Morning Britain. Susanna Reid explained the Secretary of State for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy was scheduled to appear on the breakfast show but just moments after it was revealed Damian Hinds had resigned, she revealed Kwarteng would no longer be joining them.  Reid explained former Health Secretary, Matt Hancock, would instead be appearing on the show to give his thoughts on Boris Johnson’s position as leader of the Tory party. There have been several calls for the Prime Minister to step down as leader, including from Michael Gove who was later sacked. “The Attorney-General actually went on air yesterday and said she would like to replace the Prime Minister,” Reid remarked of the latest news to come from Downing Street. “How many more enemies are lurking in the Prime Minister’s cabinet? READ MORE: Alastair Campbell ENDS interview with Piers Morgan “Well, we would have expected a government minister on a normal day to join us at 8.30am but as we know the government is not functioning as normal.” Co-host Ben Shephard laughed: “There aren’t many left!” “So it was going to be the Business Secretary Kwasi Kwarteng but he cancelled so we have instead Matt Hancock,” Reid continued. “He used to be in the cabinet of course, he is stepping up to the plate this morning.” Just moments before Kwarteng's cancellation was announced, Reid confirmed another MP has resigned. “There’s been another resignation and that is Damian Hinds,” Reid announced. Shephard added: “Yes Damian Hinds, he is the Security Minister and MP for East Hampshire. “He’s said it’s been a huge privilege and responsibility to serve as Security Minister, it shouldn’t take the resignation of dozens of colleagues but for our country and trust in democracy, we must have a change of leadership, then he attaches his letter to his tweet. DON'T MISS...'Larry the Cat would be a better PM' Campbell lashed out Johnson [REACTION]Boris Johnson LIVE: Leadership challenge shock with reshuffle IMMINENT [LATEST]Boris hit with another bombshell as he faces historic humiliation [UPDATE] “That was about three minutes ago.” The duo then spoke to Tory MP Andrew Bowie who said the Prime Minister has “lost the confidence” of the Conservative Party. Later in the show, Andrew Neil detailed why he previously stopped working with Johnson when they were colleagues at The Spectator Magazine. Neil commented: “It surprises me the extent it has gone when the Cabinet has deserted him when he is incapable of reconstituting his government. "Does it surprise me that he has put him at the centre and all that seems to matter is Boris Johnson - no. "It doesn't surprise me that we can barely trust a word he says it was for these reasons we parted company in the first place." Good Morning Britain airs weekdays on ITV from 6am.