Prince Andrew, who has often been reported to be the Queen's favourite child, agreed to do an interview with Emily Maitlis for BBC's Newsnight in November 2019. One of the key figures to help secure the bombshell interview, entirely focused on the Duke of York's relationship with convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein, was the programme's former producer Sam McAlister. Today, the producer has confirmed that what happened behind the scenes ahead to the interview will be turned into a film. She wrote on Twitter: "So here’s some news… can’t actually breathe with the excitement!!!!" The former Newsnight producer, who has recounted how she helped the BBC obtain the 45-minute-long interview with Prince Andrew in her newly-released book 'Scoops: Behind the Scenes of the BBC's Most Shocking Interviews', made this comment while retweeting an article announcing the film. Deadline reported screenwriter Peter Moffat is creating the film's screenplay for The Lighthouse Film & TV production company. While casting hasn't begun and a director has yet to be assigned, Mr Moffat and producer Hilary Salmon confirmed to the entertainment news publication the film will be produced. Speaking about what his work, to be titled Scoop, will be focused on, Mr Moffat said it will be "about how the BBC's Newsnight team got the scoop, then the actual filming of it". He added: "The other thing is, ‘why did he agree to do it?’ "How was it that he decided it was a good idea to do a great big long interview with Emily Maitlis on the BBC?" READ MORE: Meghan 'on path to unparalleled stardom' and 'new form of celebrity' Referring to Ms Maitlis, Ms McAlister and Esme Wren, Newsnight editor at the time of the Duke's interview, Mr Moffat said he wants to tell how these three "extraordinary women" made the interview become a reality. He also said the discussions concerning the interview and its filming were stressful and put the three women under "pressure because once it was agreed it happened in secret." He added: "Almost nobody inside the BBC could know about it for fear it would leak." The production of this film may be another blow for the Queen, who is said to be close to her second son and has dedicated her life to serving and protecting the Crown. ITV's royal editor Chris Ship commented on the news regarding Scoop tweeting: "So just when the Royal Family hoped they’d be able to move on from Prince Andrew… someone decided to go and make a movie all about him and *that Newsnight interview." DON'T MISS Andrew, born in February 1960, has been tipped to be the Queen's favourite child as he was born at a time Her Majesty had already established herself as the country's head of state and gained significative experience. Following his birth, she was able to make time to dedicate herself to parenthood more than she had been able to do in the wake of the birth of Prince Charles and Princess Anne a decade prior. Royal commentator Richard Fitzwilliams suggested that the Queen’s change of lifestyle may have contributed to her close relationship with the Duke of York. Speaking to CNN, Mr Fitzwilliams said: "She was able to give him more attention and Andrew was someone with whom she’d had a particular affinity." Ms McAlister detailed in her book the meeting that took place between members of the Newsnight team, including herself, Prince Andrew and Princess Beatrice to discuss what the interview would entail. In an extract from the book previously syndicated by the Daily Mail, the producer suggested Andrew's eldest daughter played a role in the interview actually happening. She wrote: "Princess Beatrice was polite and engaged, but, unlike her father, she was evidently anxious about the meeting and clearly there to protect his interests. "I'd heard she was close to the Queen. "The Prince's eldest daughter was now, I felt, the person who could make the difference between us getting the interview or not." The Newsnight interview with Prince Andrew aired in mid-November 2019, after which the Duke was accused by viewers of failing to express total regret for his association with the late sex offender and sympathy for Epstein's victims. A few days later, as many of his patronages or organisations linked to him announced they were either ending their association with the Queen's son or reviewing it, Andrew announced in a statement he would temporarily step back as a working royal. He has not resumed public duties and in January he returned his military and royal patronages to his mother. 