Despite leaving EastEnders last year, Adam Woodyatt, 53, remains a long-running soap favourite. Fans have watched the actor, who has played Ian Beale on the BBC soap since 1985, grow up on-screen and were left seriously impressed with his weight loss transformation over the past few years. And when the soap icon kick-started his new, healthier lifestyle, he dropped a whopping three stone. But how did he do it? It turns out behind his healthy transformation was a very simple solution. Not long ago, the actor shared that his decision to ditch booze and now consumes nothing stronger than coffee. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake And he saw the weight fall off. He told The Mirror: "Basically I gave up alcohol. That was the biggest change I made." And he hasn't looked back since. "That's all it was. I'm just not really focused on it," Adam beamed. "I've not really made a big fuss about it. I just stopped drinking." DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] It's a well know fact that a person can lose weight when they cut alcohol out of their diet, especially if they tend to binge on a semi-regular basis. Alcohol can cause weight gain in three ways - it stops the body from burning fat, it's high in kilojoules, it can increase hunger which can then lead to poor food choices. It's also full of hidden calories, which all add up to a person's daily tally. While Adam revealed he didn't struggle with giving up drinking, he acknowledged "everyone's different". READ MORE: Fitness: How to 'increase fat burning' in a heatwave - expert advice "For me, giving up alcohol was the right thing to do," he said. "I'm not going to turn around and say that it's forever, that I'm never ever going to drink again. "But at this point in my life, I'm quite happy not drinking. And the result is I've lost about three stone in weight." Adam is also an avid mountain biker and has found he is now "more active" on his bike than ever before, having more energy and motivation compared to before giving drink the boot. "I had always liked cycling but as anybody who cycles knows, it's a lot easier if you are lighter," he said. "People will spend hundreds of pounds on shaving 10 grams off of equipment, like lighter pedals. "With giving up alcohol, the weight drops off and because the weight dropped it was easier to cycle. So it was easier to stay fit."