When decorating with mirrors you can increase light levels and maximise the sense of space in your home instantly. So, it's unsurprising that mirror staging continues to sit at the top of every designer's to-do list. However, they're not the only experts who are turning to mirrors to improve a space. Estate agents also suggest that mirror staging is one of the best ways to add value to a home, so for those looking to sell their property, the solution could be in how they use this furnishing. When staging your mirror, it is natural to begin with a piece that demands attention in your room. Antique expert, and Founder of Renaissance London, Owen Pacey suggests choosing an ornate mirror to combine function with beauty. He said: “Statement mirrors come in all shapes and sizes. From Italian gilt mirrors of golden acanthus leaves to 1970s Murano glass in the glossiest pinks, emeralds, and sapphires, vintage mirrors are true conversation starters. “They also serve the purpose of reflecting large portions of the room back at you, increasing space perception for a more generous feel.” READ MORE: ‘Guaranteed way’ to ‘kill’ flies in your home with 55p kitchen staple While the look of a mirror is important, its reflection is equally impactful in staging a home, Martin Waller, the founder of Andrew Martin, suggests hanging your mirror in a place that frames an adjoining room – to create a flow between your spaces. He explained: “In terms of placement, think about what you want to reflect. “You can hang the mirror opposite a window to bring the outside in or place it by the door as a keyhole for what the next room has in store.” When it comes to adding a sense of space to your entryway, mirrors are a natural choice. DON'T MISS: ‘Best time’ to water grass to avoid ‘scorching’ grass - July lawn jobs [EXPERT]How to avoid hydrangea transplant shock for plant to thrive in summer [TIPS]‘Fastest way’ to ‘kill’ moss without ‘decimating’ your grass for 44p [INSIGHT] This space is the first space people see in your home, so it is important to stage them well to make the room appear spacious and to invite guests indoors. The CMO at String Furniture, Bo Hellberg recommends keeping the area around your mirror clutter-free and encourages homeowners to invest only in functional items in this small space. He said: “Keep it simple and don’t clutter. Start from everyday functions and think about how to make those functions elegant - like a simple mirror or pendant light or stylish hooks to hang anything that looks good.” Mirror staging is impactful in your interiors, but there is no reason why you can't introduce its power into your garden too. READ MORE: ‘Perfect’ way to improve your garden’s health using coffee grounds Anne Haimes, the design director and founder of Anne Haimes Interior suggests “strategically [hanging] a mirror” on a single wall or fence to “reflect the best of your garden” and make the space feel consequently larger. One outdoor mirror will elevate a small garden seamlessly, whilst creating a talking point for all who pass through your exteriors. Designers are known for their ability to curate mirrors in their decorating ideas, but what should you do if you're looking to sell your home? Carolyn Gagnon, an estate agent with Compass urges homeowners to limit the number you have around your property. Instead she suggests strategically placing the ones you have to showcase your home's best assets. The expert explained: “Mirrors are more than just a beautiful piece of art, they're also extremely useful and practical, especially when it relates to staging and selling a property faster. “When positioning a mirror, think of where it can add more emphasis to a room, such as the reflection of a beautiful fireplace, and where it can bring the illusion of more space. “With all of this in mind, it is best to avoid reflecting a window with a bad view – and of course don't go overboard with a house of mirrors.”