BBC commentator Jonathan Pearce broke down in tears after eight-year-old England fan Tess was invited to Wembley for this Sunday's Euro 2022 final live on air. The young supporter went viral on social media after she was picked up by TV cameras dancing in the crowd after England's 4-0 semi-final win over Sweden at Bramall Lane on Tuesday. Tess particularly enjoyed Sweet Caroline and was seen punching the air during the chorus of the Neil Diamond classic as Sarina Wiegman's side celebrated on the pitch. She appeared on BBC Breakfast on Wednesday morning and was back on our screens at half-time of the second semi-final between Germany and France later in the evening. Presenter Gabby Logan spoke to Tess and surprised her with two tickets for this weekend's showpiece match at Wembley. Logan said: "This Sunday the final is going to be a pretty big deal. "I know you would really love to be there watching it, wouldn't you? I'm sure you're going to watch it on TV. How about being in the stadium with us? To which Tess replied: "That would be great."  Logan added: "Because I've got a couple of tickets and I'd love from the BBC to give them to you. Bring someone along with you, you can decide who it is Tess. Who do you think you've got lined up?" Tess was clearly delighted and she put her hands on her head in shock. Logan said Tess will also be given the chance to meet the BBC pundits at the final. She added: "You can work it out who to bring. You can bring your mum, your gran, whoever you want it to be. And I'm sure Alex [Scott] and the rest of the team would love to meet you as well if you can pop up to the studio and say hi to us before the match. I think the Lionesses need your support." Logan then cut back to Pearce for the second half of Germany vs France but he struggled to hold back his emotions. Pearce said: "I'm crying after that interview there I have to say.  "I have never cried when you have handed back to me. Oh my God. Lovely, lovely to see her there at Wembley." The young fan spoke to Ian Wright alongside her Gran Susan on Wednesday morning to discuss her dancing the previous night. And she admitted she had no clue she was being filmed. Tess said: "It's crazy! I didn't know I was being filmed. Like normally they look at the big screen, and they're like I'm on telly! I was in the moment. "It was amazing. I didn't know I was on TV until my mum got lots of text messages from people. I was just dancing and enjoying myself. "I was singing Sweet Caroline and then my mum started getting messages. It's really weird to be on TV, but it feels amazing." 