Three candidates remain in the running to replace Boris Johnson as Prime Minister and move into his current residence - the famous No 11 apartment on Downing Street. While the former PM and his young family are known to enjoy trips to their country retreat, is it really in the running to be their full-time residence? Here’s what we know about the former Prime Minister's departure from No 11, including a look into the main contenders already in his property portfolio. Boris Johnson will soon leave his Downing Street address and settle into a new home with his wife Carrie Johnson and their two children, Wilfred and Romy. According to Downing Street officials, the family of four is expected to leave the Westminster address on September 6, as long as the next Tory leader is chosen the day before as planned. The former PM’s successor will enjoy a newly renovated version of the property, though it is still unclear where Mr Johnson will move to once the new conservative party leader is chosen. READ MORE: Conservative champion must set squabbles aside - EXPRESS COMMENT Here are the other properties still owned by Mr Johnson and his wife, which could become the famous family’s next home. Before making the move to Downing Street, the couple was living in a flat in a restored Grade II-listed house overlooking Brunswick Park in Camberwell, south London. While it's unknown if the former Prime Minister has retained the property, it seems likely that he will stay in London. However, the couple's first residence together could now be too small for their growing family, having had two children during their time in Westminster. In addition to the flat, Mr Johnson and his wife are also known to own another, larger property in Camberwell. The Victorian terrace home is arranged over three floors and cost the pair around £1.2million at the time of purchase in July 2019. It spans more than 2,000 square feet, with two reception rooms, four double bedrooms, and two bathrooms spread throughout the red brick house. This seems like a more likely contender for Mr Johnson and his family, but only time will tell where they will call home after leaving No 11. DON'T MISS:Tory leadership races are fully of dirty tricks [INSIGHT]Robert Peston warns race to succeed Boris Johnson a gift to Labour [REVEAL]POLL: Who should win Tory leadership race as three candidates remain? [LATEST] Johnson bought his four-bedroom country house in Oxfordshire back in 2003, with his ex-wife Marina Wheeler. Known as the Old Farm House, the stunning property was purchased for £640,000, though it is now thought to be worth a staggering £1.2 million, according to Mansion Global. The Grade II listed home is nestled amongst rolling hills and picturesque fields, creating the perfect backdrop for a quiet family life out of the city. With four bedrooms, a swimming pool, and a tennis court on-site, there is no shortage of space for the family of four to enjoy. There is even a separate annex next to the ‘chocolate box’ property. Mr Johnson is thought to have re-mortgaged and rented out his Camberwell and Thame properties to pay for the No 11 Downing Street flat renovations in 2020. The costly overhaul of the larger Downing Street apartments sparked outrage when a leaked copy of the estimate for the renovation revealed it cost more than £200,000. In 2021 it emerged that the cost of the refurbishment was met by the Cabinet Office and recharged to the Conservative Party. After the scandal was revealed, Mr Johnson agreed to pick up the bill, though it is not clear where he obtained the necessary balance once the Cabinet Office.