Taking its cue from the video games, Resident Evil is an eight-part sci-fi action extravaganza on Netflix. At the heart of the story is the Wesker family with the story following twins Jade (played by Ella Balinska) and Billie (Adeline Rudolph) as well as their scientist father Albert (Lance Reddick), who works for the shadowy Umbrella Corporation. Resident Evil features plenty of twists and turns along the way with the story tracking over two timelines in 2022 and 2036. 2036 For most of season one, it was assumed Young Billie (Siena Agudong) would have met her maker after she was bitten by an infected dog who had the T-Virus. But she managed not to turn with Jade and Billie eventually drifting and losing contact. In the interceding years between 2022 and 2036, Jade was trying to uncover the truth about the T-virus and perhaps find a cure for the world. She also discovered there was an evolution afoot and ‘Zeros’ could be potentially controlled by smell. READ MORE: Resident Evil cast: Who stars in the Netflix horror series? However, in episode five Billie turned out to be very much alive in the future timeline of 2036. By the Resident Evil finale - episode eight - Billie was revealed to be running the Umbrella Corporation and controlling its CEO Evelyn Marcus (Paola Núñez). Despite reuniting with Billie, Jade realised her sister presented a major danger and could mutate at some point. The two sisters ended up in tense stand-off but Jade couldn’t pull the trigger on her sibling. Instead, Billie shot her sister Jade in the stomach and left her for dead. To make matters worse, Billie kidnapped Jade’s daughter Bea to take blood samples from the child to stave off the T-virus. Billie took the child after she realised Bea wasn’t attacked by a mutant crocodile and actually provided a calming influence on the creature, suggesting she might be special thanks to her blood. After witnessing this moment, Billie demanded Jade to tell her this was possible but her sister remained tight-lipped. 2022 The finale not only focused on 2036 but threw things back to the 2022 timeline with Jade and Billie fleeing from the Umbrella Corporation’s HQ. With their father Albert and his clone Bert (Reddick) as well as Simon (Connor Gosatti), the sisters tried to escape. Sadly, it all went wrong after Jade bit Simon as the virus took hold of her. Simon’s mother Evelyn she shot him dead, leaving Jade heartbroken as she and Billie fled Raccoon City with Bert. Jade was also given a slip of paper with Ada Wong’s details on it and told by Albert to contact her. Season two has yet to be confirmed but if the series does return, viewers could see more from Jade with viewers convinced she isn’t dead. A forthcoming series could focus on her attempts to get her daughter Bea back from Billie. DON'T MISS...Resident Evil release time: What time is Resident Evil out? [EXPLAINER]Who is Albert Wesker in Resident Evil on Netflix? [INSIGHT]Resident Evil Village review: Does Capcom homage to horror pay off? [ANALYSIS] Additionally, it seems highly likely Ada will be brought into the picture - in the video game she is a spy, who has had dealings with Albert and works for a rival to the Umbrella Corporation. Netflix has yet to confirm season two but Resident Evil’s showrunner Andrew Dabb explained: "The games are our backstory. Everything that happens in the games exists in this world.” Dabb continued: "We may not get [to Resident Evil: Village] until season five, but it is in our world. He added to Entertainment Weekly: “As we're moving ahead and talking about scripts for season two, the village is a resource we can draw on." Resident Evil is streaming on Netflix now