The Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) said the first instalment of the cost of living package was due to be paid to eight million Britons on Universal Credit and means tested benefits from July 14. Yet millions of Britons still haven’t received their money. Some eight million people who rely on DWP benefits like Universal Credit and Pension Credit still haven’t received their first cost of living payment. Cash strapped Britons have been waiting for £326 which was promised from July 14 to help pay for increasing energy bills. Many have been taking to social media to ask when the money will be paid into their bank accounts. The DWP has confirmed that payments will be made in random batches but people shouldn’t have to wait too much longer. READ MORE: Supermarket loyalty scheme secrets exposed - but which is best? A spokesman for the DWP said: "We are on track to process the first instalment by the end of July. “All eligible households will automatically receive the first instalment, and no one needs to worry they will miss out.” While the first instalment is promised by the end of July, the second payment of £324 will be made before winter sets in. Britons can also expect a further payment of £400 - no matter what their income - which will automatically be discounted from people’s energy bills from October. DON'T MISS:Nationwide raises interest rate on savings account to 5% [ALERT]Santander scam: convincing hoax email includes full name and account [WARNING]Woman, 69, explains how retirees could earn over £147 extra per week [INSIGHT]Money making tips: 10 ways to make an extra £500 a month [UPDATE]    Cost of living support payments - how much will I get? In total, some households could be due £1,200 worth of help if they receive means tested benefits. A pensioner who qualifies for all of the help available will receive £1,500. Families who don’t receive benefits will get £400 discounted automatically off their energy bills. Most households are also due a £150 council tax rebate if people live in a band A to D property. Meanwhile, £15billlion is lost in unclaimed DWP benefits every year. Pensioners, in particular, are missing out of vital financial support which is rightfully theirs. Almost one million (850,000) older people are missing out on Pension Credit payments which could lead to help with housing costs. Pension Credit is also a gateway benefit to help with energy bills and potentially a free TV licence. Pension Credit claimants should be entitled to: 