Robert Jenrick discussed ex-Chancellor Rishi Sunak's bid for leadership with journalist Amol Rajan. Mr. Jenrick defended the former Chancellor when questions arose about his taxes and Green Card. The Conservative MP went on to claim that it was offensive to question whether Mr Sunak is patriotic and committed to the UK. The former Chancellor is one of 11 Conservative MPs standing for the Tory leadership and to be the next Prime Minister after Boris Johnson's ousting. Mr Rajan said: "Mr Sunak condemned in that rather slickly produced video... He condemned comforting fairytales, he said that that would not be something he stood for. "His critics have suggested and indeed they go on to suggest that his own campaign video was exactly that, it told the story of a clever boy from humble beginnings who worked very hard. "It didn't mention that he was a product of Winchester, Oxford, and Goldman Sachs, nothing wrong with any of that but who was recently this year listed as a beneficiary of a tax haven. "A tax haven trust space in the British Virgin and Cayman Islands, and who kept hold of his US Greencard for six years as an MP, isn't he the author of a comforting fairytale in missing out those facts? Mr Jenrick told BBC Radio 4's Today programme: "No look, the... Rishi was born to relatively humble beginnings in a stable loving family. "He's got where he's got through hard work, he got a scholarship to Winchester got into Oxford on merit, went into business, and was very successful. JUST IN: Prince Harry and Meghan fear Lilibet will be ‘written out of royal history', expert claims     "All of that should be laudable, we as a Conservative Party believe in aspiration and social mobility, you know the worst thing that could come out of this leadership election is if we start criticising people for succeeding in life." Mr Rajan added: "Well I didn't I said there's nothing wrong with that... The point you're referring to is tax payments! " Mr Jenrick said: "I'm not going to criticise somebody for falling in love with his wife who happens to be the daughter of a successful international businessman, I think that's silly... In terms." The BBC presenter however hit back: "What about keeping... There was nothing silly about what I said, I was asking whether or not he wanted his name associated with tax haven trusts based in the Caymen Islands. "What about whether or not he should have kept his Greencard  for six years as an MP?" Mr Jenrick added: "Well he went to live and work abroad in the United States, I think that's a good thing that we might have a Prime Minister who is international in outlook. "Who has worked in finance and in technology around the world, would be a serious player on the international stage, he got a Greencard which is not unusual when someone is working in the United States for a prolonged period. READ MORE:'Always paid my taxes!' Zahawi fires back and dubs allegations 'smear' in leadership bid "But then he came back to the United Kingdom, yes he didn't give up the Greencard he has now, but he came back to the UK had his children here, made a life here stood for Parliament and public service here in the United Kingdom, the idea at the heart of the question that he isn't committed to the UK or patriotic is just wrong and actually offensive." Since releasing his leadership bid video on Friday, the ex-Chancellor Rishi Sunak has faced a barrage of online backlash. A video from 2001 began circulating online showing a young Mr Sunak saying he has no working-class friends. Some political commentators have claimed that Mr Sunak is too out of touch to be Prime Minister of the country. Mr Sunak is currently been placed second by bookmakers with Penny Mordaunt in first to win the contest. DON’T MISS: Loopholes mean Brits could continue to buy Russian fuel despite import ban[INSIGHT]Russia ‘desperate for more men’ as suspicions of a national draft for Ukraine war increase [REVEAL]Prince George delights fans as only Cambridge child to attend Wimbledon – ‘Growing fast!' [SPOTLIGHT]     Broadcaster Rob Rinder mocked Mr Sunaks leadership bid video and openly laughed.