Manchester United are battling to keep hold of Cristiano Ronaldo this summer, who wants to leave to play in the Champions League next season after handing in a transfer request. Chelsea and Bayern Munich are among those considering a move. Cristiano Ronaldo's unhappiness at Manchester United dates well into last season after it has emerged that the player questioned the decisions made by club chiefs. The Portugal international has told the Red Devils that he wants to leave just a year after his grand return from Juventus - 12 years after his first departure to Real Madrid. The 37-year-old believes his time at the top is coming soon to a close and wants to be battling it out for the best prizes in football before he retires. That means not playing in the Europa League - a competition United dropped into after a miserable campaign where they finished sixth in the Premier League. Ronaldo finished as the club's top scorer with 24 in all competitions - including six in the Champions League. But it was not enough for the Red Devils - who finished with their worst-ever points tally in the Premier League. While United chiefs have been left gobsmacked by Ronaldo's transfer request, the writing was on the wall during a series of group conversations at the club's training complex at Carrington. According to The Athletic, Ronaldo questioned United's executive leadership - particularly over their transfer strategy - which has yet to be solved. It has been a slow start to the summer window with no signings confirmed yet, though deals for Christian Eriksen and Tyrell Malacia are close. There has also been some seismic changes in the boardroom - not least with the exit of executive vice-chairman Ed Woodward, who effectively ran the show at Old Trafford. Richard Arnold has since taken over the post while John Murtough has been promoted to director of football. Chief scout Jim Lawlor and head of global scouting Marcel Bout have also departed in a shake-up of the recruitment system. Yet it has meant that the administrative duties have slowed amid the overhaul. But these are changes that should have taken place a long time ago, Ronaldo might argue. The five-time Ballon d'Or winner expressed irritation at various points throughout the season last year over the club's trajectory. Where the former Real Madrid star could go remains to be seen with a return to the Bernabeu unlikely. Several Italian clubs have taken interest including Napoli but Serie A is on its knees after being particularly hurt financially. Chelsea and Bayern Munich are the two favourites to make a move but it would require Ronaldo to drastically lower his wage demands. His current contract at Old Trafford sees him mean £500,000-a-week.