  Unlike his father, Clint Eastwood Sr., who died from a heart attack at the age of 63 and smoked – Eastwood has tended to stay away from bad habits. In fact, it’s not just about keeping away from bad stuff. The actor in the past has described the strict regime he keeps to. It’s a fitness regime he has seemingly started to pass down the Eastwood family. His son has described it as the “Eastwood Code”. For one, he stays away from alcohol. He gave strict instructions about how to stay healthy while talking to the publication Muscle and Fitness: “Keep a scale in your bathroom. Get proper rest. Try to be optimistic. Eat fruits and raw vegetables.    “Take vitamins. Skip beverages loaded with sugars. Avoid alcohol in excess.” He shared in one interview with Men’s Health magazine that he consumes ninety percent “good” and ten percent “cheat” – unhealthy – food. He hasn’t held any secrets back. The star offered some of his favourite dietary ingredients. READ MORE: Monkeypox symptoms: Expert warns early signs might be ‘easy to miss’ - what to look for  Although people with arthritis are recommended to do regular exercise to keep on top of their conditions, Eaton said back then that she instead treats her ailments with a mix of blood pressure tablets and painkillers. Her modest approach to dealing with arthritis seems to fit into her wider outlook in life. She is well aware that life will come with bumps in the road, but doesn’t get too affected by them – too much. “I go with the philosophy that every day can’t be tops,” she said. DON'T MISSAsda employee shares red flag skin cancer symptom [INSIGHT]Statins: The sign around your eyes - 'check' with doctor [ADVICE]Sean Connery's widow on star's 'devastating' dementia [INSIGHT]   He said: "Healthy, good proteins like salmon, chicken, followed by lots of veggies, broccoli, asparagus, lots of greens.” Hard graft has also formed an important part of Eastwood’s regime. In another Men’s Health interview from 2017. "My dad never gave me a cent. He made me work for everything," Clint Eastwood’s son said. "My dad is a machine about food and exercise. He showed me how to lift when I was 14 or 15 — the bench press and other basics.  READ MORE: Monkeypox: 'No clear evidence epidemic is coming under control' - signs of infection   “He made it clear it was more important to do the moves correctly than to put on more plates." There is a lot of misperception when it comes to how healthy strenuous exercise is, such as weight lifting. "Excess" exercise in some cases has been found to cause damage to cells and speed up the ageing process. However, strength training has been found to benefit older adults by increasing bone density.    The NHS advice is to “aim to be physically active everyday”, even if this is only light exercise. It adds: “Do at least 150 minutes of moderate-intensity activity a week or 75 minutes of vigorous-intensity activity if you are already active, or a combination of both. "Vigorous exercise includes exercises likely to make you start panting – such as running, aerobics, swimming, riding a bike fast, martial arts, and singles tennis."  