Footage on Twitter appears to show police firing directly into the vehicle. The protests were sparked by plans to cut farms' fertiliser use and livestock by up to 70 percent. The Dutch Government claims the cuts are necessary to slash emissions of nitrogen oxide and ammonia by 50 percent by 2030. These cuts could force some farms in the Netherlands to close. Farmers, in response, have staged massive protests blocking supermarkets, distribution centres and even an airport. In the video, a tractor pulls onto the road in the direction of several police vehicles. As the tractor passes the police vehicles, an officer appears to draw his weapon and fire two shots directly into the side of the tractor. Police later confirmed that officers had fired upon tractor-riding protesters but that no one had been injured.  These cuts could force some farms in the Netherlands to close. Farmers, in response, have staged massive protests blocking supermarkets, distribution centres and even an airport. In the video, a tractor pulls onto the road in the direction of several police vehicles. As the tractor passes the police vehicles, an officer appears to draw his weapon and fire two shots directly into the side of the tractor. Police later confirmed that officers had fired upon tractor-riding protesters but that no one had been injured.  READ MORE: Kim Jong-un warned South Korea will ‘sternly’ retaliate Ministers have called the plan “unavoidable” and have warned that many farmers may have to shutter their businesses. A statement released by the Government said: ”The honest message is that not all farmers will continue in business. Those who do will have to farm differently.” Livestock produce ammonia (a nitrogen-based pollutant) in their urine and faeces. The problem is particularly bad in the Netherlands where large amounts of livestock are farmed on a small area of land. The plan has prompted some 40,000 farmers to gather and protest any new restrictive measures.  DON'T MISS:IDS furious as EU 'violating' Brexit deal and holding UK hostage [INSIGHT]Guests follow strict rules in Wimbledon's exclusive and luxurious [REPORT]Red Wall Tories issue warning over Starmer's Brexit plan [ANALYSIS] Some of them have blocked roads with their tractors while others set hay bales alight along the highways. Others have gathered in the major cities to protest. The farmers claim that they are being treated unfairly while other industries, like aviation and transport, are allowed to continue polluting. They also claim that other EU countries are not cracking down on farmers’ emissions as hard as the Dutch Government. 