  Pirates of the Caribbean actor Johnny Depp, 59, has launched a $2 million court appeal against Amber Heard, 36. His lawyer, Camille Vasquez, has insisted that the appeal was only launched as Amber first filed to appeal the $10.4 million judgement in his defamation suit against her.    After a high-profile defamation trial that lasted six weeks, a verdict was reached on June 1. The jury found in Johnny’s favour, with the actor winning all three of his claims against his ex-wife. Meanwhile, Amber won just one of her countersuits and was awarded $2 million in compensatory damages. The defamation trial, which was held in Fairfax, Virginia, followed Amber’s 2018 op-ed in the Washington Post, where she discussed experiencing domestic abuse. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry's appearance 'paint a thousand words' claims host       Amber has since filed a motion to appeal the trial verdict, but it has now been revealed Johnny has followed suit with his own $2 million appeal. His lawyer Camille spoke to Gayle King on CBS on Thursday about the actor’s decision. She told Gayle that her team “absolutely” have a plan in place to fight Amber’s appeal. “Mr Depp ended up filing his own appeal so that the court could have the full record,” Camille said.    “And she insists on continuing to litigate this matter. “We have to protect our client’s interest,” she added firmly. “We are just hopeful that the court will uphold the verdict, which we think was the right verdict, and allow both parties to move on.” Asked if the Edward Scissorhands actor would have “moved on” if Amber hadn’t filed an appeal, she replied that it was a “very fair statement”. READ MORE... Paddy McGuinness breaks silence after split from Christine McGuinness [NEWS] Richard Madeley's daughter Chloe shares struggle during pregnancy [INSIGHT] John Cleese leaves BBC interview over line of questioning [UPDATE]       Amber’s legal team submitted a notice last week, claiming that errors made during the trial prevented a “just and fair verdict” being returned. A spokesperson for the Aquaman actress said they "believe the court made errors that prevented a just and fair verdict consistent with the First Amendment". "We are therefore appealing the verdict," they added. "While we realise today's filing will ignite the Twitter bonfires, there are steps we need to take to ensure both fairness and justice."      Johnny’s attorneys followed suit and filed their own paperwork on the counterclaim less than 24 hours later. The documents state: “Plaintiff and counterclaim-defendant John C Depp, II, by counsel, hereby appeals to the Court of Appeals of Virginia from all adverse rulings and from the final judgement order of this Circuit Court entered on June 24, 2022.” The actor’s representative added: “The jury listened to the extensive evidence presented during the six-week trial and came to a clear and unanimous verdict that the defendant herself defamed Mr Depp in multiple instances. “We remain confident in our case and that this verdict will stand.”   