Lorraine Kelly, 62, had just begun an interview with Aston Merrygold on today's episode of her self-titled show, but the chat was abruptly taken off air as the show cut to ITV News. This comes as it was announced this morning that Boris Johnson will be resigning "imminently". Lorraine had just begun an interview with Aston when she was told in her earpiece that her show was being cut-off to cover the Prime Minister's resignation news. It comes after over 50 members of Mr Johnson’s cabinet resigned, leading to increased pressure for him to also step down from his post. Viewers raged on social media about the show's abrupt finish, with Lorraine responding to one angry viewer. READ MORE: Christian Horner admits 'problem' at home with Geri Halliwell Amyhard66665905 said: "Shocking that your show was cancelled Lorraine." Lorraine reassured her 707,000 Twitter followers that the decision was out of her hands. She said: "Not my decision Amy. Back tomorrow as usual at 9am - hope to see you then." After speaking to Aston for less than two minutes on the show, Lorraine interrupted: "Now, I tell you what, we’ve got more on that news from Westminster. "We’re going to hand you over to ITV News with all of the breaking news about the imminent resignation of Boris Johnson." Lorraine requested the help of a Mystic Pig earlier in the show to predict what would happen to our PM. Live footage of the animal showed it walking around in a pen with one board which read: "Stay" and another which read: "Go." The pig immediately trotted over to "Go" and Lorraine was overjoyed with this result. DON'T MISS... Michael Parkinson enjoys rare public appearance with wife at Wimbledon [PICS] Zoe Ball bids farewell to Radio 2 studio amid recent BBC shake-up [INSTAGRAM] Macy Gray slams 'insensitive' threats amid backlash over trans views [TWITTER] “You might think that is very silly. But pigs are very intelligent, I think you’ll find," she announced. "Well I think that's pretty definitive, the psychic pig has spoken. "You cannot argue with the mystic pig, Boris Johnson, it is time for you to go." This comes after Boris snubbed the morning presenter on live TV during an interview with Susanna Reid. Susanna told the Prime Minister that Lorraine was waiting, trying to terminate the interview, with Mr Johnson responding: "Who's Lorraine?" Lorraine brushed the comment off, as she replied: "Wow, thank you Susanna, a masterclass in a political interview, excellent stuff." Speaking in a recent interview, Lorraine addressed Mr Johnson's embarrassing snub. She said: "I have met him a couple of times - but clearly I didn’t make much of an impression. "But, absolutely, he can come on my show whenever he likes. We have asked him. But he hasn’t taken up our invitation so far. "He’s probably the first prime minister I’ve not interviewed. "David Cameron came on a few times and Theresa May, and the leaders of the opposition have many times", she told The Mirror.