Experts are warning that the average fan which is kept on during hot weather could cost families around £28 per week, which comes to £112 a month. Earlier this week, the nation experienced an unprecedented increase in temperatures of over 40 degrees Celsius. During the heatwave, many have turned to air conditioning and fans to cool down, but with that comes a hike in household energy bills. This comes as households are preparing for the energy price cap to hit a predicted £3,200 in October as costs continue to soar amid pressures in the wholesale gas and electricity market and the war in Ukraine. Many people were hoping they would not need to pay an extortionate amount for their energy bills over the summer and were expecting to only have to pay more than usual over the winter months. However, with the UK now experiencing the full-on effects of climate change, families may need to get accustomed to paying more towards energy costs to escape the heat. Already, households are experiencing a staggering £693 energy bill hike even before the price cap rise takes effect in the autumn. READ MORE: State pensioners may be able to increase sum by up to £14.75 weekly Julian House, a personal finance expert and managing director of www.myfavouritevouchercodes.co.uk, outlined how rising temperatures will affect energy bills and how households can best way to mitigate costs going forward. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Mr House explained: “With temperatures reaching record breaking levels, exceeding 40 degrees, our energy usage is following a similar trajectory. “For many, summer sparks an increase in specific energy demands, which in turn, raises the market price – particularly for those on variable energy plans. “This is largely due to our reliance on fans, air conditioning and anything tailored to cool us down. But how much do these really cost?”  The finance expert shared how families can make the most out of their cooling-down equipment to cut down on costs. He added: “On average, a household fan costs around 4p an hour to run, based on a 120W unit. “So, in theory, leaving this running all night isn’t the savings saboteur one might think.” The savings expert broke down how much it costs for families to keep cool in the midst of a heatwave and the public demand for expensive equipment. READ MORE: ‘Game over!’ Woman, 42, watches as hackers steal £10,000 in attack “Not a usual staple for UK households, the air conditioning unit has seen a drastic increase in Google searches, up by 654 percent today compared to two days ago,” Mr House said. “A standard air conditioning unit costs around 44p an hour to run, which is a steep increase from the cost of running a standard fan, particularly when considering that the average weekly cost can cost up to £28 a week during warmer weather. “An easy tip to cut costs when looking to cool down in the heat would be to keep your daily moisturiser and sunscreen in your fridge. “This works to provide both instantaneous and longer-term relief – helping to reduce any redness and puffiness caused by heat.” Outside of the cost breakdown, Mr House noted that there are easier ways for people to keep their homes cool during the likely heatwaves that will hit the UK in the coming years. He said: “Another great tip that is entirely free and accessible for all is to keep your curtains and blinds closed. “By not opening them, you restrict the sunlight from directly warming up the interior of your home. “Also, if you are going to run a fan, keep the internal doors throughout your home open – this will enable the air to circulate more efficiently.”