Lorraine Kelly, 62, has graced our TV screens for the best part of four decades and her self-titled breakfast show has aired on ITV since 2010. Throughout her TV career she has interviewed some of the biggest names in showbiz, including Natalie Portman, Mariah Carey and Zac Efron. Although she “loves” her job, Lorraine admitted in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk that there is one thing that she finds “frustrating”.She explained: “The only thing about my job that is a wee bit frustrating is that I only generally get six or seven minutes to interview someone.  “That’s fine, that’s the way it should be in the mornings, but sometimes when you talk to somebody you think, 'Agh I've got so much more to say to them!'”As well as presenting Lorraine on weekdays, she also hosts the What If? podcast with her 27-year-old daughter, Rosie. READ MORE:'Not fun' Joan Collins, 89, rushed to hospital in Monaco On the podcast, the mother-daughter duo has chatted to the likes of Eddie Izzard, Tim Peake and Craig David.Lorraine continued: “It’s lovely with the podcast because you have got that hour where you can talk to somebody for a bit longer about so many different topics.”She added that they are currently working on season four which she expects will be released in September.During our chat, Lorraine also addressed the future of her career and how she believes it is “keeping her young”. She explained: “We all have to evolve and curiosity is one of the best things - if you lose that then it is terribly sad.  “You just have to keep up with everything and have an open mind and be on top of new ideas and be willing to change. DON'T MISSComedian Rhod Gilbert announces he’s undergoing cancer treatment[LATEST]Strictly's Nadiya Bychkova shares sweet snap with boyfriend Kai's move[PICTURES]Alex Scott admits she puts 'on an act' as she addresses her struggles[INSIGHT] The Scot concluded that she has got “the best job in the world” and it keeps her “very fulfilled” because it “never stops”.It comes as Lorraine has partnered with MORE THAN insurance and Dogs For Good to promote the positive impact pets have on mental health.Lorraine is regularly spotted with her beloved border terrier, Angus, and her daughter’s sausage dog, Rosie.Explaining why she wanted to get involved with the campaign, Lorraine explained: “Angus isn’t very huggy, but Ruby will snuggle in and just make me feel a bit better. It’s that thing of, the healing power of pets, particularly wee dogs. “I did a wee experiment where I just went out and walked with Angus and the amount of people that just came up and said hello.“You find yourself striking up conversations that you probably wouldn’t do if you had just been out for a walk on your own, it makes all the difference.”Lorraine Kelly has partnered with MORE THAN insurance and UK charity Dogs for Good to highlight how dogs can combat loneliness and support with our mental wellbeing. Find out more at https://www.morethan.com/pet-insurance/dogs-for-good/”