Heather Watson has pulled out of the Wimbledon mixed doubles with a “knee injury” before her first ever fourth round singles match in a Grand Slam. The British No.4 played for a sixth day in a row today when she combined with Harriet Dart to win in the first round of the women’s doubles 6-4 6-2 against Natela Dzalamidze and Aleksandra Krunic. But the Channel Islander, 30, then pulled out of the mixed doubles with Liverpool’s Ken Skupski with a Wimbledon statement saying it was “due to Heather's left knee injury”. She is scheduled to face German Jule Niemeier today for a place in the quarter-finals. After today’s crushing defeat of Katie Boulter, Watson is the only British woman left in the singles. The world No. 109 suffered a hamstring strain at the Nottingham Open and lost in the second round and then lost in the first round at Eastbourne. But Watson has still produced her best ever performances at a Grand Slam. “My preparation for the grass court season, I had my hamstring, I didn't have much prep going into Eastbourne, but I wanted to play anyway,” she said after her second round over Kaja Juvan. “I'm a real confidence player. Going into Wimbledon without those matches under my belt, I didn't expect it. But then again, I didn't look too far ahead. I only just took it one match at a time. Once you get through that, it gives you a bit of confidence, then it just keeps growing from there on. I can't wait for the next one.” Watson had been waiting years to make the second week of a Grand Slam and at 30 years of age she's now achieved that. But she hit back at any suggestion she ever thought her time was up on trying to make it happen. "I wouldn't still be playing if I thought that ship had sailed," she added. "Yeah, I've been in the third round quite a few times here at Wimbledon and Australian Open. "So, yeah, I was just sort of waiting for it to happen. I waited long enough, I think, and did it in dramatic fashion (laughter). "Yeah, really happy to be into the second week of a Grand Slam for singles finally."