He’s dull, nasally and, I’m afraid, rather sanctimonious. Even when Boris was on his knees last week, with the last breath of office about to be extinguished, he still trailed Starmer by only a few points in the polls. That says all you need to know about the Labour leader’s failure to connect with the voters. If Starmer were an ice cream, he’d be a watery vanilla. Boris? A knickerbocker glory. So for goodness sake, Tories, ram home that advantage. OK, there’s no knickerbocker glory on offer. There may never be again. But in Penny Mordaunt, you have a tempting strawberry and mango. In Kemi Badenoch you have a zingy lemon blueberry. Everyone wants to kick Rishi Sunak, and we all know why, but he’s still a solid raspberry ripple – a serious ice cream for serious times. Even Tom Tugendhat’s a tasty honeycomb. But Liz Truss? I like her, and admire her journey from anti-monarchist, LibDem firebrand 30 years ago, and annoyingly passionate Remain campaigner in 2016, to the true-blue, heir-to-Thatcher committed Leaver we see before us today. I have no problem with that conversion, so long as it’s genuine, and we have every reason to believe it is. After all, “There is more joy in heaven over one lost sinner who repents” and all that. She’s ambitious for herself, which you need in a prime minister, and ambitious for the country, which you need in a Brexiteer. She’d keep us on track, and well out of the EU’s clutches. Of that I’m sure. But even her most loyal supporters couldn’t claim she communicates well. In fact, let’s be honest, she’s pretty awful. Her speaking style is flat and robotic, her interview style just weird. As for ice cream, I’m not sure she really registers.  Now none of that will prevent her from being an excellent prime minister for the next two years. But what happens after that? Do we then get Starmer for five? That’s the risk, when you choose a dud speaker with no sparkle. Just ask Theresa May, who inherited a workable majority from David Cameron but squandered it two years later. Just ask John Major, who succeeded a superstar only to look gaunt and grey next to the Bambi freshness of Tony Blair. And those with long memories will recall the hopelessly media-unfriendly Ted Heath, who lost three elections out of four, and who appeared to freeze in front of the cameras. Communication didn’t used to matter so much. That’s why Attlee triumphed in 1945 despite being so anonymous that Churchill was able to quip that he’d arrived in an empty taxi. But since around 1960, when most people started seeing the prime minister on the box, communication has been crucial to political success. Wilson outshone Home and Heath. Thatcher outsmarted Foot and Kinnock. And we know all about Blair and Cameron. Meanwhile, Boris versus Corbyn was like Dame Edna Everage versus Madge. So it worries me that the “Tory right”, not that I like that term, is coalescing around Truss. Truss is an excellent Foreign Secretary. She’s no nonsense and tough. The power behind the throne. The brain behind the mouth. I’d want her in one of the great offices of state, possibly chancellor.  But a prime minister who will need to defeat Starmer? I fear not. For electoral success alone, I’d go for Kemi, then Penny, then Rishi, in that order. Any of those three stand a good chance of triumphing in 2024, whatever the polls now say. The TV debates this weekend will give Tory MPs and, of course, Tory members, the chance to see the remaining candidates under the most intense pressure. I’m ready to be proved wrong, but I doubt whether Truss will impress. For Kemi, however, with nothing to lose, this could be her chance to star. Penny too. And Rishi has an opportunity to convince the doubters. So let’s remember the lesson of recent general elections. Competence isn’t enough. Ideological purity isn’t enough. Excitement matters. Personal presence impresses. Star quality sells. Come 2024, we need a Tory leader who connects, engages and shines. Otherwise, it’s back to Labour. 