Mr Bower’s new book ‘Revenge: Meghan, Harry and the War Between the Windsor’s’ is about the ongoing rift between the Royal Family. The book was published on Thursday and prior to its publication had already caused some uproar with allegations that Prince Harry’s friends disliked the Duchess and that she acts with an air of pomposity and self-importance. Such claims have already been challenged prior to the book's release including by journalist Sam Kashner, who felt that his interactions with Meghan had been misrepresented by Mr Bower. Mr Kashner, who interviewed the Duchess of Sussex for Vanity Fair in 2017 prior to her wedding to Prince Harry, said that she is “extraordinary”. Following its publication, the book claims that the couple were obsessed with reading media articles about them, and this made them turn on close friends. Mr Bower alleges that Meghan and Harry were “addicted” to negative coverage of them and that the couple spent their evenings scouring the media for new stories. According to the book, the royal couple turned detectives to attempt to figure out which friends were leaking stories about them after they concluded it could not be anyone else. According to The Mirror, Mr Bower wrote in this book: “Harry and Meghan were shackled. “Every night they scoured the internet to read the newspaper reports and the trolls’ postings on social media.” “Irrationally, they grouped the two together and fed each other’s frenzy about the media.” READ MORE: POLL: Should Boris Johnson come back as Prime Minister? He added: “Convinced that as champions of goodness they were being persecuted by mendacity and racism, they felt victimised by the mildest criticism.” The book claims that the Duchess of Sussex suspected Victoria Beckham of leaking stories to the press despite the Beckham’s being close friends of the royal family for years. Mr Bower claimed: “Harry’s instability fed Meghan’s fears that friends were leaking stories to the media. In particular, she suspected Victoria Beckham of indiscretion. DON'T MISS: 'Putin won't forget this' Fears of Turkey after huge Erdogan snub (INSIGHT)Central Line chaos as TFL makes dramatic U-TURN (REVEAL)Royal Family LIVE: Harry sent 'dire' three-word warning (LIVE) “Harry called David Beckham to repeat the accusation. Outraged, Beckham’s truthful denials damaged their relationship.” The explosive and highly anticipated book will certainly continue to rock both Buckingham Palace and the Sussexes who are said to have been “dreading” the release of the book. 