Asda has recalled a popular meal because it has undeclared mustard. Customers affected by this should not consume the product. Asda Italian Inspired Chicken and Bacon Pasta Bake Pack size: 400g and 800g Use by: July 29, 2022 and July 30, 2022. READ MORE: Amazon plans to price matches Tesco on grocery items Asda made a statement regarding the recalled product. This statement read: "Asda is recalling the above Use by Date Codes of Asda Italian Inspired Chicken & Bacon Pasta Bake (800g and 400g) because packs contain mustard which is not mentioned on the label. "This means the product is a possible health risk for anyone with an allergy and intolerance to mustard." The Food Standards Agency (FSA) issued a risk statement. This read: "This product contains mustard making it a possible health risk for anyone with an allergy to mustard." The action taken by the supermarket is as follows: "Asda is recalling the above product from customers and has contacted the relevant allergy support organisations, which will tell their members about the recall. "The company has also issued a point-of-sale notice to its customers. "These notices explain to customers why the product is being recalled and tell them what to do if they have bought the product." READ MORE: Take your tomatoes out of the fridge if you want them to stay fresh The FSA also issued advice to Asda customers. This read: "If you have bought the above product and have an allergy to mustard, do not eat it. "Instead return it to the store from where it was bought for a full refund." The FSA explained why food recalls occasionally occur. "Sometimes there will be a problem with a food product that means it should not be sold. "Then it might be 'withdrawn' (taken off the shelves) or 'recalled' (when customers are asked to return the product). "Sometimes foods have to be withdrawn or recalled if there is a risk to consumers because the allergy labelling is missing or incorrect or if there is any other food allergy risk. "When there is a food allergy risk, the FSA will issue an Allergy Alert."