Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has played down notions that Manchester City will once more be the club's only rivals for the Premier League title next season. The German insisted that Manchester United and Arsenal are both in contention, despite finishing dozens of points ahead of both sides in 2021/22. Liverpool and City were away and clear last term, with Klopp and Pep Guardiola's fight for another league crown going down to the wire. The Sky Blues and the Reds have finished as the Premier League's top two for three of the last four seasons, with Liverpool's defensive injury crisis arguably to blame for their third-place in 2020/21. Nevertheless, Klopp refused to write off a host of other teams that he views as being in contention, including Arsenal and Man Utd. When asked whether it was set to be another two-horse race, he told ESPN FC: "We are not that far ahead. There's a bit of a misunderstanding about the points tally. DON'T MISS: Tottenham risk Antonio Conte fury as 'real defensive target' named before signing Lenglet "We played Chelsea [last season] and didn't win one game [in 90 minutes], and that's not because we were bad that day. That just shows you that Chelsea are incredibly strong. When you look at Tottenham - they were good last year and they haven't got worse over the summer. "Arsenal is still there. Man Utd with the new start and these kind of things, it's always the same. That's how it is. I'm not interested in the points we got last year, I'm only interested in the points we will get this season. We will have to fight, and then let's see what the outcome is." READ MORE: Erik ten Hag stamps authority at Man Utd by imposing strict phone rule  Many factors point towards an intriguing battle in the Premier League next campaign, with wholesale changes underway across multiple clubs. Man City are among them with superstar striker Erling Haaland touted to take the division by storm, while Raheem Sterling is set to take on a new challenge at Chelsea. Man Utd will remain an unknown quantity until the season gets underway, with new boss Erik ten Hag still getting to grips with his squad. Tyrell Malacia has already been brought in and others are set to follow, but the Red Devils finished a full 35 points behind eventual victors Man City back in May. Arsenal have welcomed new faces too, including Gabriel Jesus and Fabio Vieira, while Liverpool waved goodbye to fan favourite Sadio Mane and unveiled Darwin Nunez as his replacement. "[The evolution] is necessary," added Klopp. "We didn't only lose Sadio, we lost Divock Origi, we lost Takumi Minamino. Some other players might leave as well. [The arrivals] are really exciting because the boys are fresh, they have big eyes being together with us and it has changed the dynamic in the group. "We have to push ourselves to the next level, and for that you always need a new input. I also knew early that Mo [Salah's] wish was to stay at the club, his contract situation felt a bit nervy for many but not really for us."