The British Royal Family’s official annual expenditure showed an increase of 53 percent in the last four years. Official records published on June 30 show that the Firm spent £102.4million in the last fiscal year – a 17 percent increase from the previous year. Some £86.6million of this was funded by the British taxpayer through the Sovereign Grant, which supports official duties and the maintenance of royal residences. READ MORE: Prince Harry told 'penny should have dropped' as judge slams 'frustrating' security case The Royal Family says this year’s £86.3 million Sovereign Grant is equivalent to £1.29 per person in the UK. In response to the latest figures, Express.co.uk ran a set of polls from 1pm on Friday, July 1, to midday on Thursday, July 7, asking readers their thoughts on the Royal Family’s funding. First, Express.co.uk asked: “Do you think the British Monarchy is too expensive?” A total of 16,995 people responded to this question, with the majority, 66 percent (10,988 people), answering “no”, the British Monarchy are not too expensive. Meanwhile, 33 percent (5,534 people) said “yes”, while just three percent (473 people) said they did not know either way. The Royals spent £4.5million on travel and £63.9million on property maintenance last year. Full-time staff wages totalled £23.7million, and the cost of housekeeping and hospitality increased by 55 percent. A senior royal source told the Press Association that the Royal Family were considering how to be “innovative” in reducing consumption given the environmental and cost of living factors. Next, Express.co.uk asked: “Should the taxpayer-funded royal budget be decreased?” Overall, 16,947 people answered this question with some 57 percent (9,596 people) responding “no”, the taxpayer funding for the Firm should not be decreased. In addition, 37 percent (6,347 people) said “yes”, and a further six percent (1,003 people) said they did not know. Anti-monarchy campaign group Republic’s chief executive Graham Smith said: “As always, while the rest of us face a cost-of-living crisis and continued squeezes on public services, the royals walk off with hundreds of millions of pounds of taxpayers’ money. “We need to put the monarchy on a proper budgetary footing, just like any other public body. We need to slash that budget down to below £10million, and only fund what’s required for the functions of the head of state.” Then, Express.co.uk asked: “Is the Royal Family value for money?” In total, 16,999 people cast their votes with the majority, 69 percent (11,675 people) answering “yes”, the Royal Family are good value for money. A further 27 percent (4,616 people) said “no” while four percent (708 people) said they did not know. DON'T MISS: Desperate Duke of York! Andrew still donning military gear after Queen stripped honour [REPORT]Palace urged to publish probe into claims Meghan ‘bullied' staff ‘Public MUST see result' [INSIGHT]Harry wants Archie and Lilibet to 'know his home' as Duke prepares for security showdown [LATEST] Royal expert Richard Fitzwilliams told BBC Breakfast last week that the Royal Family is crucial from a “ceremonial point of view”. He explained: “There isn't anything else to compare it to, other than the other Royal Families throughout the world, I think there are 27 in all. If you look at the profile of ours, you haven't got any equal.” In the hundreds of comments below the accompanying article, readers shared their thoughts on the value and cost of the Royal Family. Many were in favour of the Royal Family’s cost with one reader, username  STANB commenting that they are “worth every penny”. Another reader, username Brian at home said: “The Royal Family costs the taxpayer less than two pounds per head a year. I would say it's good value for money.” And username Rexus said: “As the Royal Family brings in over £1billion in annual benefit to the country they are a bargain.” However, some readers argued that amid the cost of living crisis Britain is facing, the Firm’s expenditure is too high. Username WeeIain said: “In this day and age this is ludicrous. This isn't healthy for the country.” And username uncle.mal wrote: “Definitely far too expensive for what they do or what is it they do.” 