As the cost of living crisis hits those on benefits and the lowest incomes the most, campaigners are reminding people to check they are receiving all the financial help they are entitled to. People on Universal Credit and other benefits could get up to 25 “freebies” or additional benefits from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). It’s been a tough year for many Britons who are struggling to meet rising energy bills and soaring food and petrol costs. While no one can escape the cost of living crisis, pensioners and those on the lowest incomes often have little wriggle room left to make savings. However, cash strapped Britons may be able to get things for free that they are already paying for. People on benefits can often get their prescriptions for free as well as money towards their energy bills. READ MORE: 'Great rate' savings provider now offering 2.35 percent interest This year they can also expect additional financial support in the form of Cost of Living payments announced by former Chancellor Rishi Sunak. From July 14 people on Universal Credit and other benefits will receive the first instalment of their energy bills payment which should work out at £326. The second payment of £324 will be made in the Autumn just before the colder weather sets in. All households will also receive another £400 - no matter what their benefit status. DON'T MISSPensioners could secure 10 key freebies to help with rising costs [ALERT]State pension warning: More than one million more pensioners will pay [WARNING]Martin Lewis issues ‘big plea’ to pensioners 'missing out' on top up [UPDATE]State pension headache as Britons are living longer [WARNING] Universal Credit claimants can get: READ MORE: Money making tips: How to make between £100 to £7,750     People on a low income could also benefit from free Government money to help them build a savings pot. It's not just available to people who rely on Universal Credit. Britons can open a Help to Save account if they receive Working Tax Credits, Child Tax Credit. The account is open for four years, with a bonus payment of up to 50 percent on savings after two and four years. It means that if someone saves the maximum amount of £50 every month, they could end up with £1,200 in free cash from the DWP. People can check whether they are eligible to open one of these accounts by going online at Gov.uk. They will need to sign in to their Government Gateway account. Alternatively, people can call HMRC on 0300 322 7093.