Antiques Roadshow returned to Wightwick Manor near Wolverhampton in a previously aired instalment of the BBC show. Expert Rupert Maas was left stunned and amazed when he was confronted by two drawings of JMW Turner on the same roadshow. Rupert began: “It isn't every day that I get a chance to handle a picture by Turner, especially on the roadshow and this is my first. “It's a drawing from about 1800 and you are the head steward here at Wightwick, Helen. Tell us how did you find it?" Helen replied: “My colleagues and I decided to clean out the cupboards and we were going through a pile of loose sketches and prints and when I saw this, I thought this isn't what the others are like this is something of a bit of quality.” She explained she noticed some writing on the corner of the sketch which excited her. Read more: Antiques Roadshow guest gobsmacked by value of grandfather’s medal Helen and her colleagues originally thought the piece was a John Ruskin drawing. However, they later realised they had discovered a drawing by Turner. “You found a Turner sort of knocking around the bottom of the cupboard, did you?” Rupert quipped. “The Ruskin province is very interesting because he was Turner’s executor. “This actually is a very, very nice drawing. It’s got this wonderful shorthand. “He was known as the painter of light and of course, he's not painting light here it's typography, but he's understood that ground extremely well, and he's given drama to the castle because that's what it is standing on a cliff. It’s Scarborough, isn't it?” “It’s all done with just a few quick strokes. I can imagine that it was the fastest drawing ever and yet it's completely convincing reads very, very well,” Rupert added. The expert revealed he was “confronted with a second Turner” in an exciting coincidence. DON'T MISSAntiques Roadshow guest stunned by value of Queen Victoria's knickers [INSIGHT]Antiques Roadshow expert stunned by 'explicit' WWI perfume bottle [VIDEO]Antiques Roadshow gobsmacked over rare 13th Century water jug [INSIGHT] The second drawing was of Whitehaven Port and belonged to a guest who revealed he found it amongst his grandfather’s belongings. “We were about 10 years ago clearing out a junk room in the house where a lot of his old stuff had been stored probably since the war because he died during the war and amongst a number of pictures that weren't of any particular consequence we found this and I likewise spotted the signature straightaway and realised that we got a Turner,” the guest explained. Rupert dated the drawing 10 years after the first drawing he had seen at around 1809. “We’ve got this famous Turner shorthand, the speed of this drawing, he's left the sea completely blank and yet these areas where the shipping right and left of the drawing are completely convincing where he's understood this jumble of masks and people and made it work beautifully,” Rupert noted. The Antiques Roadshow expert valued the first Turner at £10,000. Turning to the second guest, he said: “Yours is perhaps not as good at drawing quite frankly as this one. “But it is it is also very interesting and so I'm going to be a little more conservative with yours and put £6,000 on it for insurance.” “Very, very reassuring to know that it is actually being attributed by an expert to the artist we think,” the guest replied. Antiques Roadshow continues on BBC One on Sunday at 8pm.