Wimbledon organisers have performed a U-turn and will now refund any ticket holders for Centre Court on Friday who want their money back. Rafael Nadal has pulled out of the tournament due to injury, meaning there will only be one men's semi-final. Nadal announced the decision late on Thursday at a press conference. The Spaniard suffered an abdominal tear during his quarter-final win over Taylor Fritz 24 hours earlier. Nadal dug deep and won in a fifth set tie-break. But that turned out to be his final appearance in the tournament. The semi-final against Nick Kyrgios was set to be the second match on Centre Court on Friday. But Kyrgios has now been given a walkover into Sunday's final. Novak Djokovic will play British No 1 Cameron Norrie in the other semi-final. It was reported after Nadal spoke to the media that fans would not be given any money back. That was because there will still be a full programme on Centre Court. However, organisers have now reversed their decision.   They have given those with a ticket the option of a full refund if they contact the All England Club before midnight on Thursday. Fans who do not take up that option will now see three matches. The women's doubles semi-finals will now take place in-between Djokovic and Norrie's clash. At 1.30pm, fourth seeds Lyudmyla Kichenok and Jelena Ostapenko take on second seeds Katerina Siniakova and Barbora Krejcikova in the first match. Djokovic will face Norrie no earlier than 2.30pm. That will be followed at no earlier than 4.30pm by women's doubles first seeds Elise Mertens and Zhang Shuai taking on Desirae Krawczyk and Danielle Collins. Fans will be disappointed to miss what could have been a classic matchup between Nadal and Kyrgios. The Australian will now participate in his first-ever Grand Slam final.  Kyrgios posted a message on his Instagram account following the news of Nadal's withdrawal. He wished the 22-time Grand Slam champion the best in his recovery. The 27-year-old wrote: "Verified different players, different personalities. @rafaelnadal I hope your recovery goes well and we all hope to see you healthy soon till next time…." Nadal has missed the chance of a calendar Grand Slam but he says his fitness is the most important thing. He said: "The most important thing is happiness more than any title. "I can't risk that much and stay two, three months outside of the competition because that's going to be a tough thing for me. If that happens, it happens, not because I was not doing things the proper way." 