F1 star turned Sky Sports pundit Karun Chandhok has backed Lewis Hamilton to take the fight to George Russell for the remainder of the 2022 season. Up to now, Hamilton's younger team-mate has dramatically surpassed expectations by building up a striking 34-point gap in the drivers' standings. Many fans wondered how Russell would handle the step up from Williams to Mercedes, given that his former team were struggling towards the back of the grid and his new crew are fresh from eight consecutive Constructors' Championships. But he has done so with ease, remaining the only driver to have finished in the top five for every race so far this season. Chandhok has seen one or two signs that Hamilton's form is on the mend, however, and expects the seven-time world champion to put on a strong show at Silverstone this weekend. "The stats don’t tell the full story," Chandhok told Express Sport. "Lewis has been a little bit unlucky in a couple of races – safety cars in Melbourne and Miami specifically. DON'T MISS: Lewis Hamilton provides promising update with sights set on Verstappen and Leclerc "George has done a tremendous job going into a new team, new environment, new car, new team-mate. In a very high-pressure situation, he has done an outstanding job to deliver this many top-five finishes in a row. To be honest, George has perhaps been able to get around some of the problems with porpoising in a slightly different way to how Lewis has coped with it. "Mercedes are still experimenting with the car, they’re trying to unlock the full potential. We’ll really see the head-to-head when the car starts to get better. This weekend could be a fascinating one. "In Canada, the car was clearly more competitive. If you look at the last stint of the race, Lewis and George were together and on very similar tyres, and Lewis pulled away six seconds in the last stint of the race. For me, that was the first sign of Lewis getting a bit happier and more comfortable in this car. "Silverstone is a smooth, high-speed circuit and it should help Mercedes. The battle between the two of them is going to be a fascinating subplot to the overall Grand Prix this weekend. "They need a bit of luck to get the win. They have the best driver line-up at the moment, and if other teams slip up a bit in terms of strategy or the British weather plays a part, they could get the win. As a pure race, they’re probably fighting for a podium. In a straight fight, the win is probably slightly beyond them still."  Mercedes mechanics have explained the notion that their car is better suited to smooth circuits, which is why Hamilton had to battle through severe back pain in Baku just three weeks after showing scintillating pace in Spain. The Silver Arrows' chief technical officer, James Allison, claims that members of the team are 'cautiously optimistic' and insists that the track suits the W13. Exactly how far that will take them against Ferrari and Red Bull remains to be seen. Watch Karun Chandhok live at Silverstone on Sky Sports F1 this weekend on Sunday from 1.30pm