Earlier this month, Eamonn Holmes appeared on Vick Hope's ITV show to chat about his career and marriage to Ruth Langsford. Appearing alongside Britain's Got Talent star Nabil Abdulrashid, the former This Morning presenter opened up about an awkward encounter he had with magician David Blaine. Vick asked her guests about their careers and moments where they wish they'd reacted differently. "I interviewed a guy, a magician called David Blaine and he decided not to speak," Eamonn recalled. "Basically, it was the longest six minutes of my life. "And it was only afterwards I thought, 'Why didn't I say this?' Or 'I should have said that to him' or whatever. READ MORE: Garraway slaps down Rayner over Starmer’s ‘fun’ at Wimbledon "I mean, I did fill the empty time, but you think of the best lines after." "It's a bit like having an argument with Ruth," he joked. "I think of all the best lines after." The chat proceeded to take an awkward turn when Eamonn quizzed Vick on her partner. The comment came as Vick spoke about working with the GB News host on This Morning when she did the competition segments. "When I look at you now with your own show, I am so pleased for your success," Eamonn said. "Do you know what I think is really good? That guy who you're going out with... my the underwear guy, Calvin Klein." "Calvin Klein?" Vick quizzed as Eamonn joked: "I wear all of his trunks. He does a good job on that." Vick awkwardly laughed before adding: "Moving on from that." DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Kevin Webster's long-lost son identified [SPOILERS]When is Better Call Saul season 6, episode 8 released? [INSIGHT]A Place in the Sun buyer refuses to view Laura's 'wrong choice' [VIDEO] The ITV host went on to ask Eamonn about where his career started, admitting she was surprised to discover he began working in a bar at the same time he landed his first TV gig. "The problem with me was that at 19, I got a job unexpectedly on TV," he explained. "So I then end up going from being a farming reporter to sports reporter and then at 21 I'm hosting the tea time news programme, which is an hour-long, from six till seven o'clock every night." He added that after presenting the news he would go to his other job pulling pints at a bar. "The guy who was the manager and I was the under-manager," Eamonn recalled before adding: "He came in and he said, 'Eamonn, what is this all about?' "He said, 'You serve them up the news until seven and then at half seven you serve them up pints, it's not right'. "I said, 'Pat, you don't understand, this TV lark will never last' and he said, 'It'll last' and he pulled my bow tie off and that was the last time I pulled a pint." Vick Hope's Breakfast Show is available to watch on the ITV Hub.