The incident on Cranford Lane has been described by the London Fire Brigade as a grass fire. Due to extreme heat in the capital, warnings have already been issued over lighting fires and barbecues on dry ground which has now become extremely flammable.    The London Fire Brigade was called at 21:30 with fire crews from Hayes, Feltham, Heathrow, Hillingdon, Southall and the surrounding fire stations now on the scene. It has been reported by the Brigade that around six hectares of grass are alight across three separate fields. The cause of the fire is unknown at this time but the public have been told to stay away from the area. A spokesperson for the London Fire Brigade has said: “The recent dry weather has made the ground extremely dry, which unfortunately means grassland and parks will burn quickly when exposed to even the smallest of sparks.   “Common causes of grass fires include carelessly discarded cigarettes or matches as well as any rubbish left lying around such as glass bottles, which can start flames by magnifying the sun’s rays. “Every one of us can help reduce the risk of fire and keep our communities clean, make sure rubbish is safely thrown away and cigarettes are always properly disposed of. “If you see a grass fire, don’t attempt to put it out yourself as grass fires can travel very quickly and change direction without warning. “If you see signs of smouldering grass then calls the Brigade and let us know where the fire is.” READ MORE: Penny Mordaunt closing in on Rishi Sunak as new Tory leader favourite  The Brigade also released advice on preventing grass fires which includes not having barbeques in parks, public spaces and on balconies, clearing away any objects such as glass and crystals which can magnify the sun and cause objects to catch fire and to safely dispose of cigarettes instead of dropping them on the dry ground or out of car windows. Other advice stated to not leave barbeques and open fires unattended and to fully extinguish them when you are finished. Disposable barbeques which have been discarded can still catch fire as they retain heat and so need to be put out completely and cooled down before being thrown away. DON'T MISS:Next PM warned of ‘catastrophic mistake’ in rejoining single market (ANALYSIS)Brits' 'buffet behaviours' revealed - from smuggling to stacking (REVEAL)POLL: Would you install a heat pump to save the planet? (POLL) According to the London Fire Brigade, the blaze was under control at 23:49 and fire crews will remain on the scene tonight. The Brigade added: “The warm weather we’ve been having makes the ground extremely dry, meaning grass will burn quickly when exposed to sparks. “Familiarise yourself with our advice.” The cause of the fire is currently being investigated and no injuries have been reported. 