Ajax are reportedly looking to get their Lisandro Martinez revenge on Manchester United by pinching the Red Devils’ promising youngster Ethan Laird. The 13-time Premier League champions completed the signing of Martinez earlier this week as the Argentina international followed Ajax’s former manager Erik ten Hag to Old Trafford. Laird joined United in the summer of 2017 and regularly appeared for the club’s under-18s side during his debut campaign in Manchester. After impressing for the Red Devils’ under-23s, the right-back enjoyed a loan spell with Milton Keynes in League One during the 2020/21 campaign. He went on to sign for Championship side Swansea on a temporary basis at the start of last season, before switching to Bournemouth for the second half of the campaign as the Cherries won promotion back to the Premier League. Laird, who is 20 years old, faces a battle to secure the right-back spot at Old Trafford. And, according to the PantelicPodcast in the Netherlands, the player is now a target for Ajax and would be open to a move to Amsterdam. JUST IN: Arsenal reach Oleksandr Zinchenko transfer breakthrough as fee agreed    Laird was hit by a whole host of injury problems during his days in the United academy. But he impressed during his first two loan spells away from the club. During his five months with Swansea, the youngster nailed down the right wing-back position and was a constant threat going forward thanks to his blistering pace and dribbling skills. But he suffered with more injuries following his move to Bournemouth and only made six appearances for Scott Parker’s side. Laird returned to Old Trafford ahead of the new campaign and joined his team-mates for their summer tour of Thailand and Australia. And he has been tipped to eventually wrestle the right-back shirt away from Aaron Wan-Bissaka and Diogo Dalot. So United chiefs won’t be keen for him to head to the Johan Cruyff Arena. DON'T MISS Ronaldo proving Carragher's theory true as Man Utd face dilemma Sergio Aguero passes verdict on Julian Alvarez as chat emerges Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag hints at first-choice defensive pairing     Ajax won the Eredivisie title under Ten Hag last season but now face a huge rebuilding project after losing a whole host of stars this summer. Martinez will arguably be the Dutch club’s most notable loss after he made the decision to head to Manchester, where he will battle with the likes of Harry Maguire and Raphael Varane for a regular starting place in the backline unless he is utilised as a defensive midfielder. The Red Devils will reportedly pay the Dutch club over £55million for the ace and have agreed to give him a five-year contract and weekly wages of £120,000. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. 