Queen Letizia always looks stunning, and the Spanish monarch has excellent taste in jewellery, often choosing high-end brands or family heirlooms. Letizia’s gorgeous oval ring has been worn many times across her reign, and royal fans will be delighted they can purchase it quite easily. The 49-year-old is often pictured with the ring and wears it on multiple different fingers.  Often she chooses not to wear any other rings, which allows the jewellery piece to stand out. The gold-plated sterling silver ring is from Karen Hallam, a Spanish brand set up by a designer originally from London. The ‘Signature Ring’ as it is known, is sold from anywhere from £93 to £724, depending on the size of ring you purchase. On the Karen Hallam website, the ring is described as: “Handmade unique ring in solid silver.  READ MORE: Queen Letizia dazzles in a unique dress with world leaders in Madrid “Available in sterling silver, gold-plated silver and rose gold plated silver. Also available in solid gold. “The Solid Gold rings will take longer to make as they are ordered individually. “Signature ring worn by H.M. Queen Letizia of Spain. The perfect gift for her.” Letizia wore it just this week in Madrid at the NATO Summit where she posed beside Joe Biden.  Many royal commentators have described the jewellery piece as Queen Letizia’s favourite ring. An original golden design with an oval shape created by Karen Hallam, the ring has gained notable popularity. According to the Spanish magazine Telva, Letizia loves this ring so much because her daughters, Princess Leonor and Infanta Sofia gave it to her as a present. The two Princesses reportedly saved enough between the two of them to collect the 114 euros it cost to purchase the present.  READ MORE: Jill Biden opts for £3k designer floral dress alongside Queen Letizia It is unknown if they bought it online or purchased it in the Madrid store. Queen Letizia of Spain loves to accessorise her chic royal outfits with unique jewellery, but she does not really wear her engagement and wedding rings like most royal women. Most of the time, she instead chooses to wear her Karen Hallam gold-plated ring. Sometimes she wears it on her index finger and other times on her left ring finger. The Spanish Queen's engagement band is actually quite unusual.  It is studded with sparkling baguette diamonds rather than featuring a larger centre stone. But it has not been seen since 2012. Queen Letizia attended the NATO Summit on Tuesday in Madrid. She wore a black taffeta midi dress from 2nd Skin Co. Letizia paired the dress with jewels from the Joyas de Pasar collection. Her impressive diamond cluster earrings caught the light as she posed for official photos. 