Nicholas Burns told an audience of Chinese academics and students, alongside foreign diplomats, that the spread of Russian propaganda was extremely harmful to the global world order. The US ambassador to China spoke at a conference organised by Tsinghua University surrounded by fellow foreign ambassadors, including the Russian representative to China. Mr Burns described the Russian invasion of Ukraine as the “greatest threat to the world order” and urged his audience to condemn the decisions of the Kremlin. The statement is particularly notable as official representatives of China have repeatedly suggested NATO is provoking Vladimir Putin and worsening the ‘special military operation’.    Speaking at the conference, the US ambassador said: “I would hope that the Chinese foreign ministry spokespersons would stop accusing NATO of starting this war, that’s Russian propaganda.” Mr Burns added: "I hope foreign ministry spokespersons would also stop telling lies about American bioweapons labs, which do not exist in Ukraine. “These all came from Russia. “Unfortunately, this has been picked up by the Chinese.” Chinese foreign ministry spokesman Zhao Lijian rejected the comments of the US ambassador in a daily briefing following the conference. Mr Lijian said: “It is the officials concerned on the U.S. side, not the Chinese side, who have been spreading false information and lies.” The spokesman has previously used official platforms to promote Russian-backed conspiracies of the US building biological weapons in Ukraine. However, the United Nations has denied knowledge of any biological weapons programmes being conducted within Ukraine. Read more: Taiwan: Would UK step in if China invades? The conference has been intended to focus on “The United Nations and Global Order” but the topic of the Russian invasion featured heavily in the discussion. The British ambassador to China Caroline Wilson said: “If Russia has its way, we would have global anarchy.” She also said: “NATO has acted with extraordinary restraint regarding Russia.” The French ambassador Laurent Bili added that the war clearly contravened the peaceful principles of the global world order. Andrey Denisov, the Russian ambassador to China, who was also present on the panel of foreign diplomats, rejected this characterisation of Russia’s military actions. Don't miss: Putin’s ‘leverage’ as Russia turns to China to sell its natural gas [REPORT]Macron savaged for nuclear deal with China despite NATO warning [REVEAL]Truss warns against dependence’ on ‘unreasonable’ China [INSIGHT] Mr Denisov praised the approach of China to the war in Ukraine, calling the views of the Chinese Government “reasonable and balanced.” He said: “That’s why I hope China can signal to our Ukraine neighbours to be more realistic in their approach of the assessment of the situation.” During the conference, Mr Burns asserted: “The fact that Russian crossed the border with an armed force, unprovoked, and has started this war with so much human suffering, so many innocent civilians dead in Ukraine, this is a direct violation of the United Nations charter. “It is a direct violation of what the Russian Federation signed up to when it became a member state.” Read next: Why has Nato compared China to Russia?War fears skyrocket as Truss says UK should send Taiwan weapons Putin to break cover as Russian President expected to leave country‘Russians abandoned Snake Island’ because it was ‘untenable’ Russia tank blows up in fiery blaze after Ukraine strike ignites ammo