Tiger Woods was in jovial mood as he mocked practice partner Justin Thomas ahead of The Open Championship at St Andrews this week. Woods, 46, has returned to the 'home of golf' this week, a venue where he's won two of his three claret jugs, despite the ongoing injury problems which forced him to miss the US Open. The 15-time major champion made a remarkable return to professional action at the US Masters in April, just 14 months after the high-speed car crash which caused him multiple breaks and fractures in his legs. He proceeded to make the cut at Augusta, and immediately stated afterwards he would be playing in Scotland in July. However, that notion was thrown into doubt following the US PGA at Southern Hills. Again, the American icon made the cut, but then withdrew after three rounds having been in visible discomfort as he walked around the course. Woods however, has arrived as planned at St Andrews, having played a warm-up pro-am tournament at Adare Manor in Ireland. And he was in confident mood on Sunday, as he mocked Thomas for his lack of success in golf's most iconic tournament. JUST IN: LIV Golf rebel Ian Poulter embarrassed in Scottish Open after winning legal battle to play "See you tomorrow for the past winners event," he said to the two-time US PGA champion. "Oh no you've never won here." The humorous exchange on the tee was posted on Instagram by the @anything_golf account, to the approval of fans. @lokigolf suggested Woods said it to help his friend, replying: "They get on well, this obviously came from a good place but second to that I think tiger knows that comment will light a fire with JT. Motivational comment." @thewholeheartnthread added: "Savage mode!!!!" DON'T MISS:Rory McIlroy opens up on locker room anger at Saudi LIV stars and tells them to not returnPaul Casey’s awkward words come back to haunt him as he defects to Saudi rebel league‘Sour 16’ LIV Golf defectors look to engineer coup against DP World Tour chief  All former Open winners have been invited to the dinner on Monday, with the exception of two-time champion Greg Norman. The Australian has been barred from attending due to his involvement of the LIV Golf rebel tour that is currently dividing the sport. Woods meanwhile, has already vowed to compete at St Andrews, saying: "I’m lucky enough to be part of the past champions who have won there and want to play there again," he said. "I don’t know when they are ever going to go back while I’m still able to play at a high level. And I want to be able to give it at least one more run at a high level."