The warning comes after the BBC has previously come under scrutiny on how experts handle certain areas of history. Past comments made on a £2,000 Mughal ring featured on Antiques Roadshow caused viewers to accuse the show of ignoring the fact some items came to the UK because of the British Empire.   Antiques expert John Benjamin came under fire last year when he valued the ring. The jewellery historian said it had “somehow found its way from somewhere near the Taj Mahal over to a charity shop here 200 years later”. After his comments on the show, he was accused of ignoring Britain’s colonial history by archaeology professor at Oxford University, Dan Hicks. Now, the BBC have sought to ensure those working on the show are aware of how they should handle "sensitive" topics.   A briefing document, seen by the Times, reports the BBC wants to ensure all new producers are able to handle topics such as colonial history with sensitivity. The report said: “The high-profile nature of Antiques Roadshow means that it is often under a great deal of public scrutiny as to how it handles sensitive areas such as colonial history. “We are looking for experience in managing compliance issues and reputational risk.” Responding to the report, a BBC spokesperson has stated experts on the show always explore the origins of the artefacts that are brought to them.   They said: “Where we have relevant details about items, Antiques Roadshow experts have always explored their provenance, including the history of the British Empire. “This tender sets out our existing approach for potential bidders." According to MailOnline, Antiques Roadshow has gone up for bidding for the first time since it hit our screens in 1979. In the brief, it revealed over the next two years the budget for the show will be £5.1million. This budget would mean fans will get 36 episodes, from mid-2023, with each one costing £127,000.   Since 2008, Fiona Bruce, 58, has fronted the show and it looks as though she'll continue to host in the upcoming episodes. In the document, the BBC said there was a “commitment to the main series talent”. However, when it comes to the antique experts, the broadcaster said they were open to suggestions. They added it was important the “'team continues to evolve in a way that reflects the breadth and diversity of the BBC audience”.    Recently on the show, viewers saw one guest blown away after finding out the staggering value of her unique music plaque. Expert Marc Allum told the guest he believed the item had been created in the second half of the 18th Century. Although she only thought it would be worth £50, she was blown away when he told her the sought-after artefact could go up to £80,000. After learning of its huge value, she said: "I am blown away really, I had no idea, I thought it was interesting but not in a million years did I think it would be this precious, it's mindboggling." Antiques Roadshow episodes are available to watch on BBC iPlayer.  