Cleaning enthusiasts and fans of cleaning influencer Mrs Hinch have shared their simple hack for getting rid of yellow stains with the help of sunlight. Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, has more than 4.5 million followers on social media. Her fans have taken to social media in recent years to share their own cleaning tips and tricks on groups. Facebook user Emma Jane Jones posted on one such group: “Any tips for getting this pizza stain out please? “I’ve use a pre-wash oxy stain remover, scrubbed and soaked it then washed on 40C with vanish stain remover but still a stain.” The yellow stain was on the centre of a white t-shirt. Emma’s post was inundated with comments but the most popular suggestion was to hang the t-shirt outside in the sun. READ MORE: Mum completely transforms caravan she bought for just £1.4k  Ker Thomas replied: “Hang on the washing line in any weather but preferably the sunshine, leave there for a few days. You’ll be amazed.” Gemma Rachael Henderson said: “Peg it out on the washing line. “Or, if you can’t do that, hang it on a coat hanger in a window. The sunshine will remove the stain.” Lisa Griffin wrote: “When the sun comes back, put the stain in direct sunlight, it will disappear!” Joanna Larcombe said: “Put it out in the sun and it should bleach it.” DON'T MISSHow to prune lavender and what to do with the cuttings [INSIGHT]How to keep the garden hydrated without using a hose [UPDATE]‘Time to stop’ Secret trick to guarantee your rhubarb harvest [ANALYSIS] Carol Kerr replied: “You should hang out in the sun. “The stain seems to fade in the sun.” Shelley Tomlinson commented: “Definitely direct sunlight.” Karen Allen wrote: “Sunlight. Hang out on the line in the sun and it'll come out. “My 14-year-old does it to his white t-shirt all the time.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea For those with gardens, the clothes can be easily hung out on a washing line. Britons without outdoor space can hang clothes in sunny a window. Other suggestions from Mrs Hinch fans included using washing up liquid, salt, Flash with bleach, Ace and white vinegar. Tracey Louise Clark replied: “Washing up liquid and salt. Tried myself and worked.”  Lacey Jayne O'Neill said: “Flash with bleach. Spot clean it (keep it away from the red bit). “Scrub with a toothbrush then wash as normal. Works every time.” Georgia Galbraith wrote: “Spray with Ace. Always works for my daughter’s pizza stains.” Linda Smith commented: “Spray stain with white vinegar then wash as normal. “Dry in the sunshine, brought a curry stain out my white top.”