With thousands of new diet trends emerging every day, there's one that's doing the rounds and there seems to be a huge buzz about it. And all people have to do is drink coffee and lemon. Experts have explained how both components could boost the metabolism, but warned why it does not guarantee weight loss. It may sound like an odd combination but those who have tried the method have been blown away by their weight loss success and its popularity is increasing rapidly. But does it actually work? The new diet sees people mix a cup of coffee with fresh lemon juice but while they both have their benefits, can they really help people lose weight? One of the benefits of the two is that they can boost metabolism but experts warned it’s not accurate that a mixture can help shed weight. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake It may sound like an odd combination but those who have tried the method have been blown away by their weight loss success and its popularity is increasing rapidly. But does it actually work? The new diet sees people mix a cup of coffee with fresh lemon juice but while they both have their benefits, can they really help people lose weight? One of the benefits of the two is that they can boost metabolism but experts warned it’s not accurate that a mixture can help shed weight.  Registered dietitian Erin Palinski-Wade, explaining: "Adding lemon into coffee will not promote weight loss, just like drinking lemon water has little impact on body weight." And Michelle Rauch, a registered dietitian at The Actors Fund Home, agreed: "The Idea that combining coffee and lemon juice creates a fat burning elixir is false. "While each component may have their own health benefits, there is no scientific evidence to prove that pairing the two would promote weight loss." Lemon water alone is high in vitamin C and can promote fullness, support hydration and boost metabolism and can be used as a low-calorie replacement for higher-calorie beverages. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] While lemon juice doesn't burn belly fat, it can play a role in helping reduce calorie intake, which will eventually lead to weight loss. Registered dietician Alissa Rumsey said: "Hot water with lemon in and of itself does not cause any actual weight loss. "Staying hydrated is an important component of a healthy diet because it boosts your metabolism." Amy Stephens, a registered dietitian, recommended consuming around two to three lemons (four to six tablespoons) throughout the day. READ MORE: Michael Mosley weight loss: Remove three foods to stay slim Caffeine found in coffee can also boost the metabolic rate and increase fat burning, but studies have found it more of a short-term fix. Coffee also doesn't make people expend more calories in the long-run but there is still a possibility that it blunts appetite and helps them eat less. Amy Gorin, a plant-forward registered dietitian nutritionist, said: "Preliminary research suggests there may be a connection between coffee intake and weight loss, [but] I wouldn't recommend increasing your coffee or caffeine intake based on this—or starting a caffeine habit if you don’t already have one." Instead, experts have suggested sticking to the usual weight loss techniques in order to shed weight safely. People can try: Green Tea - contains lots of healthy compounds and increases fat burning by breaking down the stored fat in the body Curbing Carbs - stick to low-carb meals to avoid storing excess fat Lifting Weights - research has found that lifting weights can help people achieve a higher metabolic rate and builds muscle, which all aids weight loss