Pensioners are the most likely group of Britons to be missing out on benefits from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP), according to Age UK. Attendance Allowance is the most underclaimed DWP benefit and could be worth up to £370 a month. As inflation hit a 40-year high this week there has never been a more important time to make sure people are claiming all the financial support they are entitled to. Attendance Allowance is for people who have reached state pension age who have a disability or health condition and is paid by the DWP. However, there are six common misconceptions which prevent people from claiming this financial help according to the Daily Record. Another reason why people are put off claiming is because the forms can take a while to complete, but people should be aware they can ask Age UK for help. READ MORE: State pensioners could save THOUSANDS by claiming 15 DWP freebies Attendance Allowance: Six reason why people don’t claim DON'T MISSGrandparents urged 'reduce your bill' as inheritance tax rises [WARNING]Ice cream startup worth £86million after Dragons Den rejection [INSIGHT]Savings: Brits lose £1,000 as inflation rises and rates remain low [ALERT]Impressive savings: Millions of Britons could save £130 a month [INSIGHT] People should apply for Attendance Allowance if they have problems washing, bathing, getting around, eating or taking medication. When filling out the form they should remember to write about the help they need and don't expect the person making the decision to know about their condition. They should also remember to say how many times help is needed with tasks and explain if they have good and bad days. Another simple tip is to explain if certain tasks take longer and don’t be afraid to repeat information if it’s relevant to more than one question. READ MORE: Money saving tip could slash your supermarket shop While pensioners are being encouraged to apply, some readers have been writing into Express.co.uk to say the DWP makes it difficult for Britons to claim benefits like Attendance Allowance. One reader, 66-year-old Eileen Riley said she has worked hard all her life only to be told she isn’t yet eligible. She said: “I haven't been able to work since May. “I got a letter from my consultant, stating a full hip replacement Is what's needed. “I've always worked, never claimed benefits and I'm pension age yet I can't claim PIP because I'm 66. “Something isn't right - other people like me need this money.” Attendance Allowance is paid to people who have reached state pension age if they have a disability or health condition, but they must have struggled for at least six months unless they are seriously ill. Another reader, 77-year-old Lynda said she struggled to apply for Attendance Allowance for her mother. Her and her husband spent an entire weekend filling out the forms which they say were unnecessarily complicated. Lynda said: “It brings you down and makes you question ‘is it worth it?’ “I don’t know how an elderly person with no support is expected to fill this in.”