The Duchess of Cambridge officially joined the Royal Family in 2011 and her popularity amongst royal fans has been on the rise ever since. Royal fashion author Elizabeth Holmes, who penned the book HRH: so many thoughts on royal style, recently spoke to Royally Us and claimed that Kate's popularity is all down to her sense of "relatibility". Speaking to Royally Us' host Christina Garibaldi, Ms Holmes dicussed the "shopping stampede", known as the "Kate effect". She added: "With e-commerce, you know, anybody could buy anything all around the world. "She would wear something, blogs would identify it, and it would sell out [just] like that. "That is incredible power." READ MORE: Camilla left helpless as friend faints in London heat at Clarence House event Ms Holmes continued: "You know, to make your choices when you are getting dressed each day around the thought of like this could really boost the fortunes of a small brand, you know, that's a lot of pressure. "I think by wearing those, sort of, accessible pieces, Kate kept this air of relatability and that was really important, certainly in her early day. Aside from her relatable fashion choices, Kate is often praised for her relatable parenting styles. Last year, Kate, who is mother to Prince George, 8, Princess Charlotte, 7 and four-year-old Prince Louis, made a surprising revelation during a video call with Ceri A. Edwards, who participated in her Hold Still photography project. READ MORE: Meghan is 'on path to unparalleled stardom' as Duchess 'creates new form of celebrity' The Duchess, a keen photographer, discussed how her three children would often ask her to put the camera down. Kate asked Ms Edwards if she was a photographer, but she responded: "No. Well, Mark would say otherwise just because I do take a lot of pictures of the family." The Duchess quickly replied: "It's like me", adding, "Everyone's like, 'Mummy, please stop taking photographs!'" DON'T MISS Prince Harry gearing up for 'big surprise launch' for tell-all book [REVEAL]'Doesn't know what he wants' Prince Harry's future career in question [REPORT]Meghan's favourite jewel Harry exchanged for 'precious treasure' [REVEAL] In 2020, Kate appeared as a guest on Giovanna Fletcher’s Happy Mum Happy Baby podcast. Following the episode airing, the mother-of-three was praised for opening up about her personal struggles of parenthood. Giovanna asked if she struggled from mum guilt, the Duchess replied: “Yes absolutely - and anyone who doesn’t as a mother is actually lying. Yes - all the time. “There’s such a pull, but I am such a hands-on mum, and whatever you’re doing you want to make sure you’re doing the uttermost best job you can for your children." READ NEXT: