Stiorra (played by Ruby Hartley), the fierce and resourceful daughter of Uhtred of Bebbanburg, (Alexander Dreymon) instantly became a favourite of The Last Kingdom’s fans when she became part of the main cast in season four. Her co-star on the hit Netflix series, which originally aired on BBC Two, Eysteinn Sigurðarson, has revealed what their relationship was like when the cameras weren’t rolling on their unconventional romance. Sigtryggr star Eysteinn has applauded his co-star Ruby for her breakthrough performance as Uhtred’s daughter. Both adult Stiorra and her Viking suitor joined the cast in The Last Kingdom’s fourth season and quickly became two of the fans’ favourite characters. Eysteinn has now confirmed the young actress is just as charming as her medieval counterpart. “I’ll talk about my relationship with Ruby,” he began. “Ruby is so talented, she is so funny and I wouldn’t have wanted to do this with everyone else.” READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow expert stunned by 'explicit' WWI perfume bottle The Icelandic star was relieved when he immediately became good friends with the actress with whom he would be sharing a significant number of his scenes. “The first day on set we immediately clicked, just talking about stuff,” he told the Screen Chronicles Podcast. “She has a great sense of humour that can be kind of dry, or dark, or cheeky or whatever.” While her sense of humour added some important levity in the historical drama’s crucial final season, Ruby also managed to perfectly capture her on-screen father’s righting spirit. Eysteinn explained: “On screen, you see a bit of that flare. When they cast her, oh my gosh, they got it right. She’s got so much of that old-school Uhtred. “All that stuff, so she brings that. She has a bit of that in her natural character, Ruby.” The Sigtryggr star also confirmed: “She’s a good, good friend of mine. We stay in touch. It was a pleasure to do this with her.” Not only did Ruby manage to make their scenes together feel as natural as possible, but she and Eysteinn also added a number of their own ideas to some important moments. DON'T MISS:Yellowstone season 5 theory: John’s governor status confirmed [THEORY]Better Call Saul: Bryan Cranston teases Walt and Jesse cameos [INSIGHT]Outlander: Jamie Fraser actor pays tribute to ‘brilliant’ co-star [COMMENT] “We had so much fun adding a bunch of layers to our scenes,” he revealed. “Sometimes seriously, sometimes jokingly. “One of the first scenes where Sig is in the background, kind of twirling his dreadlock and talking to her. “But she’s reading from the book and he wants to continue reading so he can continue reading to learn about Saxons. But she’s just like, ‘I’m bored!’” Although Sigtryggr and Stiorra were slightly older in The Last Kingdom’s final season, their relationship throughout season four is kept relatively subdued. However, the two actors still managed to find a way to lace their scenes together with plenty of tension and unspoken passion. “We decided… because we don’t get any kissing or actual, like, lovey-dovey scenes between them in season four,” Eysteinn explained. “There’s chemistry and stuff like that but we don’t get any actual kissing. “We were talking about that, like, ‘How can we make this scene as sexy as possible?’ “I told her, like, ‘Just wait. When I place that mouldy bread on the table in front of you, it’s going to be loaded with sexual tension!’” Despite their unconventional style of flirting, the two stars nevertheless made a huge impact on the series and will certainly go down as a highlight of The Last Kingdom’s final outing. The Last Kingdom seasons 1-5 are available to stream on Netflix. Seven Kings Must Die will be released in 2023.