Sources say officers are interested in the movements of the European man just before Palmer, 65, was shot six times while gardening at his mansion in South Weald, Essex, on June 24, 2015. No one has been charged with the murder, despite a £100,000 reward being offered by Palmer's partner at the time, Christina Ketley, 62. Police only made one arrest, a 43-year-old man held weeks after the killing and released with no further action. Sources believe Palmer's killer was hired amid fears that Palmer would turn supergrass in the run-up to a timeshare fraud prosecution in Spain. Palmer learned soon before his death that he would stand trial in Spain on claims of timeshare fraud, money laundering and firearms offences, and detectives believe it was feared by associates he may turn informant. It is thought the notorious Kinahan Cartel, which operates in the UK, Spain, the Netherlands and Dubai, helped hire the hitman for the job after being approached by one of these associates. An underworld source said: "The cartel got it done for [former Palmer associate's name removed]." The source said that it is "common knowledge" in underworld circles that the cartel was involved in the Palmer murder. Sources say police have now established that Palmer's hitman entered the UK in early June 2015 and there is no record of when he left. He is currently in prison in the Republic of Ireland in connection with another murder conspiracy, carried out after Palmer's murder. He is also wanted for extradition back to Europe in connection with another firearms murder. In April this year, the US Treasury issued sanctions against the Kinahan Cartel and seven key members for alleged involvement in drug and firearms trafficking and a "murderous" feud, as they offered a $5million reward for information leading to their arrest. In a statement issued at the time, the department said: "Since February 2016, the Kinahan organised crime group has been involved in a gang war with another group in Ireland and Spain, resulting in numerous murders, including two innocent bystanders." At the same time, a National Crime Agency statement said the cartel had been "linked to more than a dozen gangland murders" and that "NCA officers have prevented eight threats to life on the streets of the UK and elsewhere" connected to it by sharing intelligence. At a joint press conference about the sanctions, Drew Harris, Garda Commissioner, said the cartel is "a gang that has caused destruction and death here and abroad". It has been involved in a feud with the Ireland-based Hutch gang since the murder of Gary Hutch, 34, in Marbella in 2015. The warfare has since claimed at least a further 16 lives, according to authorities. Palmer had along criminal career and was cleared of handling proceeds from the £26million Brink's-Mat bullion raid at Heathrow in 1983. He went on to develop his £300million timeshare operation on Tenerife in the 1990s and made it to number 105 in the Sunday Times Rich List. After his death, his estranged wife of 40 years, Marnie, co-wrote a book about her glamorous life with the illfated gangster. An Essex Police spokeswoman said: "As with any unsolved murder, our investigation remains open. We know the key lies within the underworld. Loyalties do change and so people may now feel able to come forward. We will follow up any new lines of inquiry."