Antonio Conte has explained his plan for Richarlison after he made his Tottenham Hotspur debut on Wednesday. Richarlison starred in Tottenham's 6-3 pre-season victory over the K-League All-Stars in South Korea, playing 76 minutes as Conte's men kick-started their 2022/23 preparations. Son Heung-min and Harry Kane's braces added to Eric Dier's opener in the nine-goal thriller at the Seoul World Cup Stadium. And Richarlison's primary role after joining from Everton didn't become clear whatsoever, starting as the central striker before moving out to the right-wing and then into a supporting striker role. After Wednesday's game, Conte confirmed he plans to utilise Richarlison in all three positions at Tottenham. He told reporters: "Today, I have seen a lot of positive things about Richy. In the first half, he played as a number nine, and in the second half, he played on the right and in behind the striker. He can play in all three positions. "He's a good character and has good qualities. We are working on the tactical aspect with him because he has to go into our idea and also the physical aspect because he has to be fit. He is a player who gives me important options. I'm very happy that we signed him." JUST IN: Man Utd to benefit from Chelsea's Koulibaly transfer as 'contact' made  Lucas Moura and Bryan Gil were other senior forwards to receive game time, as well as Harvey White and Troy Parrott, while Dejan Kulusevski and Ivan Perisic watched from the sideline. Conte has exciting attacking options amid a hectic summer for Spurs, signing five players so far with more expected to follow. Spurs started Conte's first summer transfer window early, recruiting Fraser Forster and Perisic on free transfers. Brighton & Hove Albion midfielder Yves Bissouma joined in a £25m deal before the club struck a £60m agreement to lure Richarlison to north London. Conte's latest addition was the season-long loan capture of Barcelona centre-back Clement Lenglet. READ MORE: Man Utd view on De Jong transfer emerges after agents had Barc  Daniel Levy has heavily backed Conte after he guided Spurs back into the Champions League in his first season in charge. And they are also expected to complete the signing of Middlesbrough right-back Djed Spence, who shone on loan at Nottingham Forest last season. Spurs will continue their pre-season schedule against Sevilla on Saturday before facing Rangers and AS Roma in their other fixtures. Conte's side start their 22/23 Premier League campaign at home to Southampton on August 6.