When Emmerdale actress Clare King returned to viewers screens permanently in 2019, she was sporting a slimmer figure. And it turns out her success is all down to a popular diet method. The TV star managed to shed 10lb in recent years and has been very open about how she did it. She credited her healthy transformation to intermittent fasting, with some publications reporting she followed the 5:2 diet. Followers of this diet technique limit their intake of foods and calorie-containing beverages to a set window of around eight hours per day. It involves eating a normal, healthy diet for five days every week and then fasting on 500 calories on the remaining two days. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake People can eat the following on fasting days: A generous portion of vegetables Natural yogurt with berries Boiled or baked eggs Grilled fish or lean meat Cauliflower rice Soups (for example miso, tomato, cauliflower or vegetable) Low-calorie cup soups Black coffee DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] And by following this plan or similar, Claire lost almost a stone. The Kim Tate star also cut out wheat, dairy and red meat six days a week. Claire told The Mirror: "[My trainer] usually devises vegetarian diets. "I pleaded with her to include some meat, so she let me add chicken." READ MORE: Michael Mosley weight loss: Remove three foods to stay slim According to Healthline, limiting meat could aid weight loss and overall health maintenance. A study conducted over 18 week found that people who cut out meat lost 4.5lb more than people who didn't. Researchers found that dieters who go vegetarian not only lose weight more effectively than those on low-calorie diets but also improve their metabolism by reducing muscle fat. But there are weight loss benefits for both meat and non-meat eaters. Experts suggest non-vegetarian people should opt for low-calorie options such as lean meats. Foods such as chicken, turkey and lean beef are also high in protein - another tool that promotes weight loss. On her diet plan, Claire revealed she would start her day with lemon water and a small portion of grapes. And she knew the important of staying hydrated, making sure to drink two litres of water a day.