Amazon Prime customers can right now get a Fire TV Stick for just £7. The Fire TV Stick with Alexa Voice Remote usually costs £39.99, but for the Prime Day 2022 sales this price has been slashed to £17.99. That already makes it one of the best Prime Day deals around. But there is a trick that makes it even better! If you head to money-saving website TopCashback, you can get a further discount of £10 – dropping the Fire TV Stick Lite down to just £7.54. Yes, really. If you haven't heard of TopCashback, but love a good bargain, then it's a site you need to add to your bookmarks right now. The website partners with thousands of retailers to offer discounts to its users. It earns a commission for directing users to these online stores, which it says it passes on "100 percent". Depending on which store you visit, you will either be able to get discounts on select lines or virtually every product listed for sale. Major retailers such as Currys, Argos, Marks & Spencer, and Amazon all partner with TopCashback to offer extra deals for their customers. TopCashback users can earn cashback on first-party Amazon devices, like the hugely-popular Fire TV range. And, as an added bonus, TopCashback is right now offering new customers a £10 signing-on bonus. This reward can be used when you purchase an item that TopCashback offers cashback for which is priced over £10. When you use this new member bonus, along with TopCashback's existing cashback rates, you'll be able to get the Fire TV Stick for £7.54 - which is an over £32 saving on its usual price. If you want to grab this bargain then first of all you need to head to this page on the TopCashback website and sign on as a new member. Then, head to the Amazon hub page on the TopCashback website, find the product you're after (in this case Fire TV products) and click the Get Cashback button next to it. You will then be directed to the Amazon UK website where you can complete your order. However, you won't see the Fire TV Stick listed for around £7 on the checkout page of the Amazon website. After you have completed your Amazon order you will need to head to the TopCashback website. You will then need to head to the account page, where the amount of cashback you've earned from this order will be deposited. Then, you will have to withdraw this cashback. You can do this either via a BACS transfer, by moving money to a PayPal account or topping up a range of gift cards with the cashback earned. It also needs to be pointed out that to get the Fire TV Stick for £17.99 in the first place you need to be eligible to take part in the Prime Day 2022 sales. That means you need to be an Amazon Prime member to get the exclusive discounts available on Tuesday July 12 and Wednesday July 13. If you're not a Prime customer already then fret not! You can sign up to get an Amazon Prime free trial so you can enjoy the millions of discounts that will be available for Prime Day 2022. MORE LIKE THIS