Biographer Tom Bower claimed that his upcoming tell-all book would include “extraordinary information” about Meghan Markle's rise to royalty. Prior to becoming the Duchess of Sussex, the 40-year-old had an established acting career and was best known for playing paralegal Rachel Zane in the American drama Suits. It has now been reported that even before joining the Royal Family, Meghan was set on "ascending so much" that she did not care who she "trampled on" on her way up. Speaking on GB News, royal commentator Rafe Heydel-Mankoo said: "Meghan, from the very outset, was very keen on ascending so much that she didn't really care who she trampled on in the process". Discussing Mr Bowers's book, he said: 'The book lays out, from long before she knew Prince Harry, episodes which really confirm the suspicions that most of us have had ." Revenge: Meghan, Harry, and the war between the Windsors will hit the shelves on July 21. The account, released by Blink Publishing, will reportedly “tell the truth” regarding the ongoing feud between the Sussexes and the Royal Family. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan and Harry's new Netflix plot after Jubilee 'crashed and burned' Publicity material for the book said the biography will lean on “interviews from insiders who have never spoken before”. Meghan has no input in the book herself and will be based on information provided by people who know the Duchess. The book has been previously been described as one that Meghan “will be dreading” by an author who “doesn’t pull his punches”. An unnamed source told The Sun: "This is the book Meghan will be dreading. READ MORE: Prince Harry to make major announcement TODAY as Duke and Meghan Markle to attend UN event "Tom doesn't pull his punches and is terrifyingly thorough in his research. "No stone will be left unturned." Mr Bower has previously claimed that he had come across a number of “skeletons in the closet". The author claimed the Meghan's personality had transformed from her childhood and through to when she first began dating her now-husband. DON'T MISS Royal Family LIVE: Meghan ‘hated comparisons with uncomplaining Kate' [LIVE BLOG]Kensington Palace: The 'sumptuous' home of Kate and William [REVEAL] William and Kate set to be 'summoned' to Windsor by the Queen [INSIGHT] Mr Bower told Closer: "From what I can see, she became a completely different person when her career began taking off, when she joined [US drama] Suits and when she began dating Harry." The Duchess of Sussex quit the legal drama shortly after becoming engaged to Prince Harry and moving her life to the United Kingdom in 2017. The pair served as working royals from days after their wedding in May 2018 up until they announced they had agreed to a one-year trial period away from the monarchy to establish themselves as private citizens. Harry and Meghan have since settled with their two children, Archie and Lilibet, in Montecito and embarked on a producing career, striking deals with Netflix and Spotify to create a series of documentaries and podcasts. The first of the project, focussed on Prince Harry's work with the Invictus Games, is expected to debut later this year. READ NEXT: