Resident Evil is the highly-anticipated Netflix series adapted from the acclaimed franchise of the same name and video game series. Ahead of its premiere, the showrunner Andrew Dabb detailed the main similarities between the two.  On Thursday, eight episodes from the first season of Resident Evil landed on the worldwide streaming platform. The series followed the lives of 14-year-old twins, Jade Wesker (played by Ella Balinska) and Billie Wesker (Adeline Rudolph). As the children of Dr Albert Wesker (Lance Reddick) who were conceived through suspicious circumstances, the series explored the various struggles they faced. The storyline took place in 2022 and 2036, as well as the years in between when the sisters find out the dark truth about their origins. READ MORE: Ann Widdecombe in huge row with union chief 'Back to 70s!' Although the Netflix series will be the second adaptation, it will also have some major similarities to the original game series. The game derived in Japan and known as Biohazard became a worldwide success and popularised the over-the-shoulder third-person view. It also influenced the evolution of the survival horror and third-person genres which sparked the demand for its expansion. As the franchise eventually branched into animated films, comic books and a live-action film series.  Ahead of Resident Evil’s premiere on Netflix, the showrunner Andrew Dabb exposed the show’s link to the game series, in an interview with TV Line. Dabb recognised the twin sisters shared similarities with the Winchester brothers who were the focus of the game. He highlighted: “They’re both going through these very traumatic events together.” However, Dabb also detailed the differences in their sibling dynamic: “When you have an older sibling/younger sibling, one of them is kind of a surrogate parent.  DON'T MISS...Turning DOWN money Vine host baffled as union demands bonuses SCRAPPED [NEWS]Resident Evil ending explained: What happened to Billie Wesker? [EXPLAINER]Resident Evil cast: Who stars in the Netflix horror series? [INSIGHT] “With twins, you’re on equal footing,” he remarked. “The power struggle is even more dynamic because one day it’s the one twin, and one day it’s the other twin, but age doesn’t really factor into it.” The showrunner shared: “It was very important to me when we started talking about Resident Evil, to dig down to what Resident Evil is actually all about. “If you dig down through the monsters and the zombies and the crazy stuff, it’s about family.”  He continued: “Whether you’re talking about the Redfields or Albert Wesker’s very eccentric family or the Birkins, there’s a really strong family foundation to Resident Evil. “Obviously, I was a fan of the games and the movies, but once I sat down and really thought about it, I was like, ‘Oh, I understand how to make these characters feel real, versus making them feel like characters in an apocalypse.’” Speaking on the future of the series, Dabb added: “Whether that’s two seasons or three seasons or four seasons or five seasons, we’ll let the audience dictate to us. “I will say that the deeper we get into it, the more story we’re finding as we bring in more elements from the games and expand these worlds and these characters.” Resident Evil is available on Netflix. 