Ozzy Osbourne is on the up after recovering from major surgery earlier this month. Over the past few years, Ozzy has been diagnosed with Parkinson’s disease and the surgery he underwent last month would “determine the rest of his life”, according to wife Sharon. So in what was supposed to be a world exclusive with the famous rockstar on Thursday evening, Piers Morgan had readied himself to welcome Ozzy and Sharon onto his TalkTV show to discuss his recovery - although Ozzy had other ideas. “Well, back in June, Sharon Osbourne told her fellow TalkTV panellists that her husband, rock legend Ozzy, needed major surgery and it was an operation which would determine the rest of his life,” Piers said as he prepared to welcome the two onto the show. “And she hasn’t left his side since,” he continued. “This weekend, Ozzy was spotted for the first time since leaving the hospital out and about with Sharon and the kids in LA. “And I’m delighted to say Sharon joins me now. Sharon, good evening to you!” “Good evening my darling!” Sharon said as she beamed into the studio solo. READ MORE: ‘Meghan didn't understand the monarchy ’ Tom Bower in explosive attack Osbourne Addressing Ozzy’s absence, Piers admitted: “Now I’ve spent the last 20 minutes boasting about the fact it was gonna be you and Ozzy and he’s done a runner!” “He’s a b*****d tonight, let me tell you,” Sharon said as Piers let out a laugh. She continued: “Now he’s back walking, he’s a diva. “Before it was like, oh, you know, the nicest guy, ‘Please help me do this and do that’… “Now he’s walking he’s like, ‘I don’t wanna do this, I’ll do this.’  So he’s become a diva again - he thinks he’s b****y Beyonce!” Piers saw the funny side of the snub, however, replying: “Well I quite like that he’s a diva again because it means he’s healthy again at least.” Sharon then delved into her beau’s health battle, with Piers questioning if his woes and neck surgery stem back to an earlier quad bike accident. “Part of it, yes. Then he had another serious fall on his neck and then it affected his spine because the spinal column was trapped. DON'T MISS:Lorraine Kelly in savage sweating jibe at Prince AndrewEmmerdale theory: Faith Dingle's secret leaves family in troubleEmmerdale theory: Paddy Kirk divorces Chas Dingle in affair discovery "So it’s just been - it’s like a domino effect, you do one thing medically and then another thing happens and then another. "And it’s just been three and a half years of nightmare. But you know what there’s light now and he’s walking great, there’s no more pain. "He’s a pain in my a**e because he’s now a diva but I don’t mind," Sharon added as she shared a laugh with Piers. Piers then asked how Ozzy was feeling, to which, Sharon replied: “He’s doing good because there’s no pain.   "The last operation fixed all the pain that he’d been in for three and a half years. So that way it’s like lifting a huge weight from him," Sharon added, sounding relieved. She concluded: "So he’s busy doing promotion for his record which is coming out in September, and he’s loving life right now." Piers Morgan Uncensored airs weekdays at 8pm on TalkTV.