Paul O’Grady, 67, has taken to Instagram to tell fans that he has been forced to isolate in a hotel room in Malta. The star had the intention of filming “with a group of lovely people” but unfortunately took ill. The post, showing his positive Covid test, was shared with Paul’s 695,000 followers. He explained that he managed to avoid Covid during its peak in lockdown and beyond. However, he said that contracting the virus was something that “had to happen in the end.” The comedian wrote: “Well it had to happen in the end despite managing to avoid the dreaded Covid since we first went into lockdown. READ MORE: Ola Jordan admits 'I don't know if I'll get my dancing body back' “I’m in Malta supposed to be filming with a group of lovely people but all I’ve done for a week is lie in my hotel room with an unbelievably vicious headache and cough that sounds like a sick donkey. “Thank heavens we took the precaution of pre recording my Radio 2 show this Sunday incase I couldn’t get back due to flight cancellations etc. “I’m feeling a lot better than I did but still feeling rough and permanently knackered. #covid_19.” It wasn’t long before many of the actor's friends and fans rushed to the comments to wish him well. Gaby Roslin wrote: “No! Oh my darling wish you better.” Paul replied to her comment, saying: “Oh Gab, I wouldn’t wish this on anyone x.” Theaidsmemorial commented: “Get well soon.” Autnicath17 said: “Loads of Liposomal Vit C and shed loads of garlic! Get well soon darling xxxx.” DON'T MISS... Countryfile's Helen Skelton flashes legs in transformation after split [INSIGHT]Ola Jordan admits 'I don't know if I'll get my dancing body back' [ANALYSIS]Emmerdale's Michelle Hardwick expecting second baby with wife [UPDATE] Tinahobleyoffical wrote: “Oh darling Paul.” Michelledcollins penned: “Oh no paul get well soon x.” Paul is best known for his drag queen persona, Lily Savage. In the 90’s, however, he dropped the character and in the 90’s became presenter of various shows, namely the Paul O’Grady show. Paul spoke about his intentions for the mega-hit show when speaking to his biographer, Neil Simpson, in 2004. He said: “I just want the show to be like a party, a group of pals gabbing away about the first things that come into their heads. “There are always enough things in life to worry and get depressed about. “I want my show to take our minds off all that stuff, even if it's only for a while."