Her Majesty should not be able to determine and change her duties in accordance with the state of her health, Graham Smith, the CEO of anti-monarchy group Republic, has claimed. Following the release of the yearly financial statement by Buckingham Palace at the end of June, it was reported the Queen's role had been rewritten. While the Sovereign Grant report used to present a 13-point list of duties the monarch "must fulfil", including attending the State Opening of Parliament, its latest version offered a more loose definition of the Queen's role as head of state, the Telegraph wrote. The revamped description of the Queen's role says it "encompasses a range of parliamentary and diplomatic duties" and that she only "receives" other visiting heads of state. The Queen's role as head of nation, the report added, is carried out by Her Majesty "where appropriate or necessary". The new job description of the monarch puts great emphasis on the support offered by the wider Royal Family. Swapping the "Queen's programme" of engagements for the more general "visits in the royal programme", the new report said: "The Queen is greatly assisted by other members of the Royal Family who undertake official duties on behalf of Her Majesty." A palace source emphasised it was not a "drastic" change, but a small update. However, Mr Smith slammed this reported rewriting of the 96-year-old monarch's duties as head of state and head of the nation. He told Express.co.uk: "It shouldn't be up to the head of state to determine what her duties are and then change them in order to suit the fact she is no longer able to conduct the duties that were expected of her. "If she can no longer do it, then she should retire, it's that simple." Speaking prior to the resignations of the Prime Minister on Thursday, Mr Smith added: "The idea that Boris Johnson could rewrite the job description for Prime Minister so that it doesn't require him to do anything so that he can then continue in that role is bizarre. "You cannot just rewrite the Constitution even in the most trivial way in order to suit yourself." Mr Smith's remarks were rebuked by royal commentator Richard Fitzwilliams, who believes the monarch remains, no matter the duties she carries out, a "symbol of national unity" for the UK. READ MORE: Meghan Markle apparently thrilled to be 'cleared' in Palace probe He told Express.co.uk: "The Queen has long been a role model for persons of an advanced age. "At 96, there is no head of state with a comparable profile, she is not only the world's best-known, but her dedication to duty and sagacity are respected worldwide. "Since October, she has suffered from mobility issues which have considerably circumscribed her activities. "It therefore makes sense to remove duties which she 'must fulfil' from the description of her role in Buckingham Palace's Annual Report. "It states that it 'encompasses a range of parliamentary and diplomatic duties' and she 'receives' other visiting heads of state, she has not taken long haul flights since 2015. "She remains, of course, a symbol of national unity and has just celebrated a Platinum Jubilee which is unique in our history. "It is extraordinary that in a grudging complaint, Republic cannot, in an era where we are more caring as a nation, understand these changes. "The Queen is, of course, supported by the wider Royal Family, which is as it should be. "Naturally, as she gets older, they do more. This was always expected. "Her remarkable ability to communicate virtually has also been a very considerable bonus during the pandemic." As noted by Mr Fitzwilliams, the Queen, who this year is celebrating her 70th year on the throne, has scaled down her duties over the past few months due to episodic mobility issues. Health concerns for the monarch were first sparked on October 20 last year, when she pulled out of a two-day trip to Northern Ireland to mark its centenary. The Palace said at the time the Queen had been advised by her doctors to rest for a few days. It later emerged the sovereign had been taken to hospital for "preliminary tests" on that same day. The Queen did not step out of her residence for official duties until March, when she attended the service of thanksgiving for Prince Philip at Westminster Abbey. Yet, she continued to carry out her duties as a sovereign, including dealing with the Government's red boxes she received daily and meeting - either virtually or in person - foreign diplomats and leaders. Among the key events she skipped over the past months were the National Service of Remembrance in November, the Commonwealth Day service in March and Garter Day service in June. In a pivotal moment for his preparation for the throne, Prince Charles delivered in May the Queen's Speech in the Houses of Parliament, in lieu of his mother's absence. He was tasked to carry out this key constitutional duty as one of the four Counsellors of State through a Letters Patent issued by the monarch. He was accompanied by another Counsellor, Prince William, and his wife Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall. The Queen famously pledged to serve the country and the Commonwealth for the duration of her whole life during a speech delivered as heir to the throne aged 21. She renewed this promise to the nation in a statement released on the eve of the beginning of her Platinum Jubilee year, February 5. She said: "As we mark this anniversary, it gives me pleasure to renew to you the pledge I gave in 1947 that my life will always be devoted to your service."