After years of waiting for it to happen, the Obi-Wan Kenobi Disney+ miniseries was finally made with Ewan McGregor reprising his Star Wars role as the Jedi Master opposite Hayden Christensen’s Darth Vader. During interviews, the Anakin Skywalker star admitted he’d be open to more opportunities to play the Sith Lord once again and now it looks all but confirmed. According to Making Star Wars, Hayden Christensen’s Darth Vader will return in the upcoming Ahsoka Disney+ show. The outlet reports: "Sources working on Ahsoka have confirmed Darth Vader will have a significant sequence in the story. It is believed the role of the fully suited Darth Vader will exclusively be played by Tom O’Connel this time.” The Star Wars animated series character made her live-action debut played by Rosario Dawson in The Mandalorian and The Book of Boba Fett. Star Wars fans will know she was trained by Anakin during The Clone Wars and duelled him as Darth Vader in Star Wars Rebels, breaking his helmet to reveal his face just as Obi-Wan Kenobi did. The outlet added: “We know Hayden Christensen is back for the Ahsoka series. That leads me to think there is a chance we are seeing Ahsoka and Darth Vader’s duel from Star Wars Rebels recreated in live action. That duel has Ahsoka, Darth Vader, and Ezra Bridger in a sequence that could be used to explain the relationships between the players in this story who need to be reintroduced in live action. But such a retelling is conjecture on my part, as it has not been confirmed the sequence is in fact being recreated. But in that fight, Vader’s mask is cracked and it would explain Hayden Christensen returning to some extent as well.” READ MORE: Will there be another series of Obi-Wan Kenobi? It would make sense to recreate this duel given that fans would want to see Hayden’s face to warrant his return as Darth Vader again. As for the setting, we could see all sorts of time jumps from live-action training flashbacks like in Obi-Wan Kenobi, to the Star Wars Rebels era and times of the Original Trilogy. Perhaps the most likely is a show being set around The Mandalorian and The Book of Boba Fett with cameos from those characters after the events of Return of the Jedi, but also with flashbacks. Here’s hoping Anakin’s Force ghost guides her through this period just as Liam Neeson reprised Qui-Gon Jinn in Obi-Wan Kenobi. DON'T MISSIndiana Jones 5: Harrison Ford, 80, unveils first look 'I'm so proud' [INDIANA JONES 5]Star Wars: Carrie Fisher’s Princess Leia ‘to be resurrected in CGI’ [STAR WARS]Doctor Strange 2: Tom Cruise ‘in talks for Iron Man in Secret Wars’ [TOM CRUISE] Filming on Ahsoka began in early May with multiple characters from Star Wars Rebels set to be involved including Sabine Wren. She’s a young Mandalorian warrior, who will be played in live action by Natasha Liu Bordizzo. Ahsoka is set for release on Disney+ in 2023. SOURCE