The Transport Salaried Staffs' Association (TSSA) has served notice for strikes in seven train operating companies on August 18 and 20 in the rail industry dispute over pay, job security and conditions. Avanti West Coast, c2c, East Midlands Railway, CrossCountry, Great Western Railway, LNER, and Southeastern will be affected by the strikes. Action short of strike will be taken in West Midlands Trains, Northern, Greater Anglia, TransPennine Express and Southeastern. The Rail, Maritime and Transport Union is also striking against Network Rail and 14 train operators on the same day. According to the TSSA, thousands of its members - including station staff, operational, maintenance, supervisory and management staff - will take part in industrial action. TSSA was holding off on serving notice for industrial action in Network Rail in order to hold last-minute talks. Manuel Cortes, TSSA general secretary, said the union does "not take strike action lightly", but added "enough is enough".  He warned that a "Summer of discontent" is an "ever-closer reality". Mr Cortes said: "The Tories' cost-of-living crisis is the worst in living memory. "Essential items like food, energy and clothing costs are going through the roof yet the Government has chosen to pick a political fight with rail workers. "Most of our members are going into a third or fourth year of pay freezes, seeing their real take home pay decrease. "For many rail workers in our union this is the first time they have been directly involved in an industrial dispute. "We do not take strike action lightly, but enough is enough. "The Conservative government is the clear block to a deal for rail workers. "Transport Secretary Grant Shapps must either personally come to the table or empower train operators to reach a deal on pay, job security and conditions. "Instead of wanting to resolve this dispute, we now see proposals for hundreds of ticket office closures and widespread job cuts across our railways. "We've been warning of a Summer of discontent across our railways for months, and sadly it is an ever-closer reality." This comes as UK rail networks gear up for another bout of strikes this week. Passengers have been warned to only travel by train if "absolutely necessary", as half of the UK's network is expected to be closed on Wednesday. As many as 40,000 members of the RMT union working at Network Rail and 14 train operators are expected to walk out. This comes after talks over pay, jobs and terms and conditions failed in the wake of the biggest rail strikes in 30 years, which took place across three days in June. Network Rail said only 20 percent of services will run and some places will have no trains at all on Wednesday. TSSA members in station grades at Avanti West Coast will also hold a one day strike on Wednesday.