Not only are flies in your property annoying, constantly buzzing around you and driving pets to distraction, they are also incredibly unhygienic to have landing on surfaces, especially in areas where you prepare food. They are attracted to decaying matter such as meat while fruit flies love to feast on overripe fruit and sugary drinks. While there are a range of pesticides on the market, there are lots of different ways households can try to keep the flies out of their homes this summer using natural methods. Experts at Little Birds Organics have shared one particular scent that flies “despise”. They said: “Flies detest the smell of cloves. “Place a bowl of dried cloves in each room where you are experiencing problems with flies, and watch them vanish.” However, homeowners need to ensure they can stand the smell themselves first. The pest pros warned: “Despite its effectiveness, this is not a good solution if you dislike the smell of cloves yourself.” To create a powerful fly deterrent, stick whole cloves into the skin of a lemon and place the lemon in a bowl or hang it by the window. READ MORE: How to stop mosquitoes entering your home with 20p natural deterrent The more cloves the better, so make sure to add in a particularly large amount. Cloves retail for 85p at supermarkets such as Sainsbury’s and Tesco. As pests seek shelter in houses in summer, Waste Management expert Scott Hawthorne have also shared some zero waste ways to banish flies. He said: “Insect pests can be extremely irritating, and they love the warm weather that occurs as the UK eases into spring. “So, you might be seeing a lot of them throughout the summer months. But the conventional methods of dealing with these critters, such as fly tape and traps, can create a lot of unnecessary waste. "To get rids of insects in a more eco-friendly way, you can create your own traps using common materials found in your home. “It's worth nothing that it's sometimes easier to prevent these insects from taking hold than it is to remove them once they are there.” DON'T MISS: Laundry items to ‘avoid’ putting in the washing machine - ‘damaging’ [EXPERT]Mrs Hinch fans share 47p hack to banish ‘stubborn’ toilet limescale [TIPS]‘Dangerous’ plants to avoid growing in gardens - ‘lovely substitute’ [INSIGHT] Scott suggested creating a trap out of leftover wine. He explained: “If you have any leftover wine that has gone bad after not being drunk, don't throw it away as you can actually use this as a trap for insects. “In fact, this might be the easiest method, because you simply need to leave the wine bottle open on the kitchen sideboard to catch flies.” For this hack, place the bottle in the room where you are seeing flies and insects crop up, and they will be attracted to the alcohol and unable to escape back out of the bottle through the neck. The expert added: “If you are having a bottle of wine with dinner, you can simply leave a tiny quantity of wine in the bottom and place it strategically to be found by the insects. “If you don't have any wine lying around, you can also do this with beer and other beverages, as the critters are simply attracted to alcohol.” READ MORE: House prices: ‘Quick and easy’ ways to boost property value by £66,000 For those who do not have any alcohol in the home, they can use an apple cider vinegar trap. Scott explained: “You might be surprised to learn that apple cider vinegar is able to work similarly to wine and become a trap for flies. “This type of vinegar is quite sweet and can lure insects into a container or bottle, before they fall into the liquid and become trapped.” To make this trap, fill a container with apple cider vinegar and then add another ingredient - some washing up liquid. The washing up liquid will begin to break down the surface tension in the vinegar, which means that the pests will fall into the liquid and drown as they sink to the bottom. However, make sure that you don't add enough washing up liquid for the smell to overpower the smell of the vinegar, which is the scent that will attract ants, flies, and mosquitos, says the expert. Of course, you'll know that rotting fruit attracts many types of insects, but did you know it can be used as a trap too? Common fruits and vegetables that might attract these insects when decaying are tomatoes, grapes, apples, melon, and squash. They will also be interested in bananas, onions, and potatoes as they break down and rot, so food waste bins are very tempting to these critters. Scott advised: “If you have overripe fruit that is beginning to go bad, place it in the bottom of a glass jar (such as an old jam or pickle jar). “You can also add a little bit of vinegar to the fruit in order to make it more effective. “Then, make a cone out of some paper, and place it into the top of the jar. This means that the fruit will attract the pests, and the cone will trap them so that they can't get out, creating an ideal zero waste trap.” Afterwards, homeowners can add the fruit to their compost heap, recycle the paper, and then wash and reuse the jar.