Former Manchester United boss Ole Gunnar Solskjaer had two issues with Anthony Martial throughout his time in the dugout, according to reports. The France international has been linked with a move away from Old Trafford this summer. But, as the uncertainty surrounding Cristiano Ronaldo grows, he’s now expected to stay put. Martial has been prolific for United during pre-season so far, with the 26-year-old scoring in wins over Liverpool, Melbourne Victory and Crystal Palace. And he’s now primed to stay at Old Trafford as a result, with Ten Hag keen to keep hold of his No 9. The onus will be on the Dutchman to get the best from Martial, who has struggled for consistency throughout his time at the club. And, according to The Athletic, Solskjaer had two problems with the striker during his spell in charge. It’s stated the Norwegian ‘got frustrated at his communication away from Carrington’ when he ruled the roost. Man Utd transfers: Barcelona draw up De Jong punishment plan And he also was frustrated by Martial’s mobility off the ball, with the United forward rarely busting a gut to retrieve possession. Martial’s best form still came under Solskjaer, however. He scored 23 goals for United in the disrupted 2019/2020 campaign, more than the likes of Marcus Rashford and Bruno Fernandes. Yet his confidence is fragile and his mood has been soured by three players arriving over the years. Martial was frustrated at having to give up his No 9 shirt for Zlatan Ibrahimovic back in the summer of 2016. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong He’d previously been a key figure for Louis van Gaal but had Ryan Giggs’ No 11 jersey thrusted on him instead, much to his dismay. The France international also appeared to regress following the arrival of Edinson Cavani from Paris Saint-Germain two years ago, netting just eight times in the 2020/2021 season. And his confidence was also knocked when the Red Devils snapped up Cristiano Ronaldo from Juventus 11 months ago. Under Ten Hag, Martial has already started to look a player completely transformed. And with three goals in as many matches, optimism is building that the France international can finally fulfil his potential. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. Former United star Lee Sharpe, meanwhile, has expressed a belief that Martial can be like a new signing this summer. “I think Martial on his day is unplayable,” said Sharpe. “I think he’s that good. That’s what frustrates fans, knowing he’s that good but not doing it week-in, week-out. “I don’t know the lad personally so I’m unsure whether he is happy playing out wide, or if he prefers playing as a number nine. “If he wants to be a number nine, and Ten Hag is happy for him to be there, and if Martial puts the work in, then United have a surprise package. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “A £50-60m new player if you like because on his day he’s unbelievable with quick feet. He can score goals and create for others and he’s a fantastic talent. “If United get the best of Martial then everybody will be happy.” Despite Martial’s form, United still want to add to their attack. Antony is one target, with the Ajax star previously performing under Ten Hag over in Amsterdam. However, at £70million, he could be too pricey. And there’s been talk of a stunning return for Memphis Depay, who previously spent 18 months at United earlier in his career. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here