Sharing one such incident, former Capital Radio presenter Graham Dene, dubbed as ‘Princess Diana’s favourite DJ’ spoke about his fondest memories of meeting the late royal and what they did. Mr Dene, who now hosts a regular show on Boom Radio, has released a number of brilliant stories to mark what would have been Diana's 61st birthday on July 1.  He said: “I met Princess Diana for the first time when she came into the Capital Radio studios in London in the early 80s - at the time, she was a patron of our charity Help A London child. “The staff had lined up downstairs in the office to meet her, and she was walking along, shaking hands and having a brief chat. It was very nice, very formal. “Princes William and Harry were very young at that time, and I had previously been told that because of the boys being early, she used to get up early, and tune into my breakfast show - she loved Capital and loved pop music. “That morning before the line-up, I had joked on air to the listeners about meeting her that evening and how nerve racking it would be, and I said: ‘I just hope I’ve not got a sweaty hand.’  “That evening, when she came to me, she shook my hand and said, ‘Oh, hello Graham,’ and began to walk away. “But then she turned back to me and said: ‘Oh, by the way Graham, the hand was perfectly dry.’ “So she had been listening to the show that morning! “What Princess Diana didn’t know though was that there was a curtain behind me, and just before she had got to me in the lineup, I had wiped my hand on it to make sure it wasn’t sweaty!"  READ MORE: Meghan 'dreamed of being a princess like Kate' before Harry meeting Also among his list of anecdotes the Boom Radio DJ revealed that the princess would come up to him and request songs to be played the following day. He recalled: “At another thank you party ... Diana came running over to me saying: ‘Graham, Graham, can you play a song for me in the morning?’ “I said ‘of course I could, what would you like?’ But she couldn’t make up her mind. “In the end, she decided on Billy Joel’s Uptown Girl, which I thought was extremely appropriate.  DON'T MISS:Prince William ‘the woke’ slammed by David Starkey over Rwanda rowRoyal LIVE: Details of Harry and Meghan's trip to England laid bareBoris Johnson vows to slash food import tariffs “The next morning, as far as I was aware, nobody else knew about this - it was our little secret - I had planned to play the song at around 8.15am. “We went to the main 8am news, and at the end of the news bulletin read by Douglas Cameron, he revealed that I would be playing a song for Princess Diana on my show. “I sat there flabbergasted - he had beaten me to it! Somebody had leaked it, but goodness knows who it was. “So, I went straight into Uptown Girl after the news, and afterwards I said: ‘I hope he appreciates the royalties!’ “To this day, I still have no idea how that happened!” 