Kimberley Pope, Resident Service Manager at Grainger’s newly launched Weavers Yard development in Newbury, has shared top “household hacks” on how Britons can cut down their energy usage at home. The expert said: “As the days get brighter and the temperature gets warmer, there’s no better time to cut back on using your tumble dryer. “Switch out hours of tumble drying for a low-cost airer and benefit from the improving weather to naturally air dry clothes in your home. “You can even pick a handy airer which hangs neatly over a door to save on space and money. “Plus, your home will be filled with the scent of lovely freshly laundered washing.” To help prevent mould building up, it is important to ensure the room is ventilated properly when drying clothing. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans share 29p hack to remove limescale from shower hoses If you have access to the outdoors, using the sun to dry clothing is great. The expert added: “If you do wish to use the tumble dryer, use it once, for every two washes in one day. “Do one wash, then leave the wet items aside whilst the second wash is on, then combine the suitable items from both washes into one drying load. “Hang up the remainder of the clothing times. DON'T MISS:‘Cheap’ but ‘effective’ methods to keep slugs away from plants [COMMENT]Kate Middleton’s homes before and after becoming Duchess [PICTURES]Mrs Hinch fans share £1 hack to ‘repel’ spiders as they enter homes [EXPLAINER] “This will reduce the number of times you need to use the tumble dryer in a day, as you’re not drying each load separately.” Being strategic with the dishwasher can also help to reduce costs. According to Kimberley, it’s all about the “packing technique”. She explained: “Let’s face it, no one enjoys the task of washing dishes after a meal and for many modern day renters, a dishwasher is often considered a deal breaker when selecting a new apartment. READ MORE: ‘Effective’ home improvements to increase property value Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “My top tip boils down to your dishwasher packing technique, treat it almost like a game of Tetris. “Fill the dishwasher as much as possible, as this will ensure it’s only used every couple of days and won’t massively impact your energy usage. “Make sure you are utilising all the space available within the machine, pack cups, glasses and cooking utensils on the top shelf of the dishwasher, leaving space below for plates to be neatly stacked in a row, with bowls and casserole dishes. “This therefore uses the washer less and reduces energy usage and associated bills.” Britons can also save money by switching to energy-saving bulbs. The expert said these are a “must”. She said: “If you’re looking to keep your apartment bright but also want to save money on electricity bills, switching to energy-saving light bulbs or solar powered lamps is a must. “Energy-efficient bulbs and solar powered lighting will help to lower electricity bills and CO2 emissions, without reducing the quality of light in your home.”