The Zero Tolerance to Sexual Exploitation and Abuse mandate was originally designed to prevent the “aid worker style” sexual abuse of vulnerable women in developing nations. As such, it has forbidden all members of the armed forces from any sort of ”transactional sex” using sex workers abroad. But senior Army officers fear it has gone too far by also incorporating legally-sanctioned clubs in mainland Europe where British troops are deployed, such as Germany and the Baltic. They warned that it could severely affect retention and recruitment, with one senior officer going so far as to suggest the MoD has laid itself open to legal challenges. Until now, permission to visit such premises was left to individual unit commanders and depended on operational security. And just seven years ago British soldiers attending a major Nato exercise in Estonia were given guides which recommended the best clubs to visit. The "Tallinn guide for friendly forces” informed that "all strip clubs offer private rooms for individual dances", and that "the average level of rolling tips to girls is 5 to 20 euros". They were also advised "to use cash in such places”. But any discretion has now been removed by the new directive, which was introduced this month. The policy is designed to target sexual activity which involves British service personnel abusing their position of power while on duty overseas. Those deemed to have been participating in the offending behaviour faces being discharged. “Sexual exploitation and Abuse (SEA) runs contrary to the values and standards of Defence and can undermine our credibility and effectiveness, and impact operational successes,” writes  Lieutenant General James Swift, Chief of Defence People Functional Owner for Defence People. "Defence people must not cause harm to populations we engage with in the course of our duties. “ In 2018 it emerged that more than 120 UK aid workers were under investigation for the sexual abuse of vulnerable women abroad.. This included Oxfam workers accused to exploiting survivors of the Haiti earthquake as well as women in Chad. Last year it emerged that 83 aid workers, some with the World Health Organisation, were involved in similar activities while tackling the Ebola outbreak in the Democratic Republic of Congo. Moreover, the MoD’s inclusivity drive to attract more female soldiers, sailors and aviators and so-called Generation Z recruits has seen a sea-change in military culture from what once accepted as “innocent laddish behaviour”. Speaking recently, Defence Secretary Ben Wallace said: “We want more and more women to be in our forces, we have to bear in mind all that means in different environments, and we have to set parameters for those environments and be very clear what is acceptable.” While most officers agree with the broad sentiment, some last night expressed fears that the move had gone too far by including strip clubs. The new directive describes these as "gateway behaviour" adding: "Such premises may be staffed by people who have been trafficked or coerced, there may be close links to organised crime groups (OCG’s) and Defence people who visited these places put themselves in situations in which their security may be at risk. " A very senior source said: "There has been a difficulty with soldiers exploiting vulnerable women in difficult places such as developing countries. This has created an operational security issue and it is right that this is addressed. "But if the MoD is trying to suggest that deployment in Estonia or Germany is equivalent to deployment in Kenya or Iraq it has lost the plot and is imposing restrictions which will make soldiers angry, prove unenforceable and open the MOD to legal challenges. "The MoD is clear that troops are subject to UK law wherever they deploy, but clubs such as these are not only legal in Germany, Estonia, Latvia and Finland, they’re legal in Britain too. "If you try to make this part of an inclusivity agenda, then the MoD is going not have to apply it in the UK and legally it cannot do this. "The MoD must think hard about how far it can legitimately intrude on the civil rights of serving personnel abroad when the risk is not operational and the proposition is incompatible with civil liberties at home." Col Richard Kemp, who commanded British forces in Afghanistan said:“I do think it’s right that the MoD take steps to prevent exploitation of vulnerable people. Apart from the moral aspect, there’s the repetitional aspect too. “But soldiers are often in stressful conditions and they do need to let off steam and relax. A balance needs to be struck. “Political correctness and inclusivity are important in today’s army, but if you try to fit every soldier into a politically-correct straight jacket, you will end up without any soldiers.” An MoD spokesman said: “We are modernising our Armed Forces to improve the experience for all. We hold our personnel to the highest standards, whether in the UK or overseas, and anyone found to be involved in sexually exploitative or abusive activity will be discharged. “Targeting damaging activity with positive reforms is part of building a team spirit which is key to our Armed Forces’ success.”