The woman's rude behaviour left the husband and wife horrified. Taking to Reddit, the man vented his frustration. He wrote "I guess no entertainment for my wife on this flight." The image accompanying the words shows a huge coat draped over the back of the seat in front - blocking the screen. Users were quick to share their views on the situation, with some offering him advice on what they would have done, reports Birmingham Live. One person commented: "Flip it back over the lady's head". While a second user wrote: "Blows my mind how someone can do that, while realizing they have a tv/touchscreen in front of them and not think about the tv that’s on the back of their own seat." Another added: "I'm sure she put her jacket on the seat without really realising it would block the TV. "All you have to do is kindly ask her to move it and she will." A fourth person said: "She could also say something. Chances are the person didn’t think about it. Most people are decent about stuffs like that." It comes as Heathrow Airport announced today that there will be a daily cap on passengers until September 11. Airlines have been asked to stop selling tickets as 4,000 seats are set to be cut each day. The move will likely impact thousands of British tourists. Heathrow chief executive John Holland-Kaye said: "Over the past few weeks, as departing passenger numbers have regularly exceeded 100,000 a day, we have started to see periods when service drops to a level that is not acceptable: long queue times, delays for passengers requiring assistance, bags not travelling with passengers or arriving late, low punctuality and last-minute cancellations. "This is due to a combination of reduced arrivals punctuality (as a result of delays at other airports and in European airspace) and increased passenger numbers starting to exceed the combined capacity of airlines, airline ground handlers and the airport. "Our colleagues are going above and beyond to get as many passengers away as possible, but we cannot put them at risk for their own safety and wellbeing."  Holland-Kaye said only around 1,500 of the 4,000 seats had already been sold for summer. He added: "We are asking our airline partners to stop selling summer tickets to limit the impact on passengers. "By making this intervention now, our objective is to protect flights for the vast majority of passengers at Heathrow this summer and to give confidence that everyone who does travel through the airport will have a safe and reliable journey and arrive at their destination with their bags. "We recognise that this will mean some summer journeys will either be moved to another day, another airport or be cancelled and we apologise to those whose travel plans are affected."