Microwaves may be small compared to full-sized ovens but they can harbour a surprising amount of bacteria and grime. With every use this handy kitchen appliance can become increasingly dirty, but does it really need to be cleaned each time you use it? Express.co.uk reveals how often you should be cleaning your microwave, and the best method to blitz it in under five minutes.  Spills and splatters of food can quickly stack up inside your microwave and often go unnoticed for many months. While this fast-acting appliance is a known hot spot for grease and grime, few of us take the time to deep-clean the inside of it on a regular basis. However, experts claim that we should be cleaning our microwaves as often as once a week to keep bacteria at bay. READ MORE: DEAL OF THE DAY: Lynsey TV Queen of Clean's carpet cleaner is on sale Speaking to Martha Stewart, Elena Ledoux of Superb Maids said: “Microwaves should be cleaned at least once a week, depending on the frequency of use. “It's much easier to quickly wipe the microwave after each use as opposed to cleaning it days later.” She noted that giving the inside a regular wipe-down will prevent the left-over mess from flavouring any food you heat up at a later date. Fragrant foods and sauces, especially those with garlic in them, are particularly important to clean up to avoid unusual flavours. Daily cleaning will certainly keep your appliance clean and smelling fresh, but what’s the best way to do it quickly? Blitzing the inside of a microwave doesn't have to be a lengthy or strenuous task if you know the right tricks to use. For a simple yet effective clean, Rochelle Wilkinson, owner of Dirt Detectives Cleaning recommended using a damp cloth to wipe and steam-clean the appliance. Use a damp cloth to wipe the glass plate and inside of the microwave. Once this is done, place the cloth on the plate and set the microwave on high for one minute. DON'T MISS:Most affordable homes mapped as prices soar to 8.7x average earnings [LATEST]Prune these plants now for a 'continual' summer display [INSIGHT]Why your plants leaves have turned white - key causes [REVEAL] She explained that the steam created by heating the towel will loosen any hardened splatter and grease. Leave the cloth to cool for a few minutes before removing it and wipe down the microwave once more. If you are experienced strange odours in your microwave, a fragranced ingredient will work best to clean the appliance and leave it smelling fresh. Always use natural, non-toxic products to clean your microwave to prevent harsh chemicals from circulating around your food. Dish soap and water can be used to scrub down the inside of the appliance and rinsed off with some plain water. Alternatively, the flesh of a fresh lemon can be used to wipe down the inside of the microwave and combat strong odours. Once the lemon has been used, place it in a bowl of water on the glass plate and set it on high for two minutes. The steam-clean effect will circulate the citrus scent and lift any lingering stains. Wipe down the clean appliance to remove any lemon residue and reveal a spotless interior.