Rylan Clark, 33, has spoken out about how his mum Linda once thought he took drugs after spotting two "massive" lines at his house. The TV presenter’s mum had already become suspicious after a video circulating on social media showed him jokingly asking someone to “gimme the gear”. However, Linda became more concerned when she saw two lines of white powder at his house. The “industrial length” lines turned out to just be dust left after his skirting boards were sanded. Recounting the hilarious gaffe, Rylan said: “She was like, ‘You’re not on drugs are you?’ I was like, ‘Don’t be stupid’. “She started to hoover up and pushed the coffee table and underneath were two massive lines of white powder. She was like, ‘Oh my god’. “It was quite a moment. I make a joke on a night out and I’m a drug addict. “It’s ridiculous,’” the TV star added to The Big Issue. Over the weekend, Celebrity Gogglebox viewers reached out to Rylan to enquire about his mum’s health. During Friday’s instalment of the programme, Linda was spotted with a drip, sparking health concerns among fans. Rylan addressed the questions he had received in a social media post over the weekend. In view of his 1.7 million followers, the presenter replied to a viewer who had messaged him on Twitter. Katie Williams wrote: “@Rylan is Mum ok? Saw the drip on #Gogglebox.” The former X Factor star responded: “Had a lot of people ask, mum is fine, she has a tpn line for a feed… DON'T MISSSir Ian McKellen mingles with royalty at Wimbledon Day Eight [PICTURES]Rylan Clark breaks silence after mum spotted with drip on Gogglebox [INSIGHT]Carol Vorderman, 61, stuns in very tight 'hippy' trousers [LATEST] “To do with her Crohn's. V normal. Thanks for asking,” Rylan added with two kisses. Fans of the It Takes Two star soon replied to his tweet sending him and Linda their support. Sara-Lea commented: “Please give your Mum our love and best wishes. “The two of you light up our Friday nights on Celebrity Gogglebox. Lots of love to you both.” Wendy Blundell wrote: “So pleased it’s not too serious and an unfortunate side to her health condition! Your mum is just fabulous.” Bez Holt penned: “Bless her, not a pleasant condition. Love it when you two are on Gogglebox. I really laugh a lot.” Kathryn added: “I love the relationship you and your mum have. “I never had that and it always makes me smile when I see you two. You're a credit to her.”