Those coming to collect the waste must have a valid Waste Transfer Note, which is a document which details the transfer of waste from one person to another. The form comes in four sections and helps homeowners in the event that any waste is disposed of incorrectly. Therefore, if the material ends up being found illegally fly-tipped on streets, roads, fields or any other public place, the Waste Transfer Note will help cover the original homeowner. Otherwise, the homeowner could be guilty of fly-tipping, for which they could be fined up to £400 or event be sent to jail. Local authorities dealt with 1.13 million illegal dumps of waste in England alone in 2020/21, reports Leeds Live. Green waste dumping is particularly prevalent in the summer, when bits from people’s gardens are thrown on laybys and major roads. But Kingdom Local Authority Support, which issued the advice about Waste Transfer Notes today, is working to end fly-tipping, which is harmful to our environment. It wants to educate people on what they can do to avoid their stuff being dumped and a nuisance to others. For instance, it has warned people to be particularly careful if they’re hiring someone from a social media website to get rid of their rubbish for them as these people may not have the appropriate Waste Transfer Notes. John Roberts, solutions director at Kingdom Local Authority Support, said: "The main consideration for households when getting rid of waste is to make sure the person you are contracting to can provide you with a Waste Transfer Notice as this would protect you if your waste is then found in a fly-tip. "The Waste Transfer Note will transfer the responsibility of the waste by law to the company or person that has provided the document." Other documents you should keep include an invoice bill or receipt, to show you’ve had items collected and paid for them. Businesses, meanwhile, must get Waste Transfer Notes when getting rid of their waste, and should keep records for at least two years. 