Cele Otnes, a US professor of marketing specialising in how the Firm brands itself, predicted there would be lots of press coverage and crowds if the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge were to focus their time State side - now home to the Duke and Duchess of Sussex. She said people in America understood the future King and Queen as the “future of the royal brand” which is “not the case for Meghan Markle and Prince Harry".  Ms Otnes told Express.co.uk: “I think I can safely say that if they come, there will be no doubt they will be received warmly and there will be lots of press coverage —and crowds where allowed —accompanying their visit. “People understand them as the future of the royal brand, and that certainly not the case for Meghan and Harry. “ Her comments come after Meghan and Harry’s biographer Omid Scobie said Prince William was set to follow in his brother Harry’s footsteps and ramp up efforts to increase his popularity in the US.   Mr Scobie said sources told him the duke was “keen” for his work to have “an impact outside of the UK and the royal bubble” with efforts ramped up across the pond. Writing for Yahoo, co-author of Finding Freedom, Mr Scobie said: “A steady stream of orchestrated appearances from George, Charlotte and Louis – and William and Kate’s efforts during the pandemic – has helped the Cambridges’ popularity rise. “And it seems Kensington Palace is now hoping they can do the same in the US.  READ MORE: William 'set to follow' in Harry's footsteps 'out of royal bubble'   “It’s why William sat down with People magazine, still one of the country’s most read magazines, last summer for a rare interview. “‘William is keen for his work to be seen and have impact outside of the UK and the royal bubble’ a source tells me. “The charitable landscape in America is huge and he wants to have a presence.”  DON'T MISSRoyal Family LIVE: Meghan and Harry's legal deadline laid bare [BLOG]Meghan steps in as Harry 'worried sick' [INSIGHT]Kate's style trick to not 'steal the show' at brother James's wedding [REVEALED] Prince William and Kate will visit Boston in December for the Earthshot Prize, their first trip to the US in eight years. It’ll be their third time in America - in 2014, they visited New York and in 2011, they visited Los Angeles.  The news prompted speculation the couple would embark on a full blown US tour. Mr Scobie added: “Sources tell me that preliminary conversations about a fundraising event – similar to the $50,000-a-head dinner the couple hosted during eight years ago in New York – have already taken place.  “Recon, I’m also told, has also been scheduled for a number of royal engagements and activities for the couple in Boston and beyond. Perhaps even a trip to Washington DC.” Meghan and Prince Harry live in California with their two children, Archie Harrison and Lilibet Diana after their sensational decision to quit as senior members of the Royal Family in 2020.