Royal expert Jonathan Sacerdoti said the Duke of Sussex previously admitted he has his “15 minutes” in the spotlight before attention turns to younger royals Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis. Mr Sacerdoti told the podcast Royally Us: "They know their time is possibly limited. "There's an interesting thing Prince Harry said ages ago that he kind of knew that he had a certain amount of time in the limelight, his 15 minutes. "And eventually Prince Louis, Prince George, Princess Charlotte would become the new, interesting characters. "And he knows that because he once was the spare to the heir. “And now he's talking about the new heir, that is to say, William's children, William's son, who will become of interest and there'll be a new Prince Harry. "There'll somebody else who may be as rudderless, directionless because of their position in the succession is such that they're limited to what they can do in life but they don't have an obvious constitutional role going forward and in the Royal Family so maybe they'll go off the rails." Mr Sacerdoti’s comments come after Prince William and Kate’s children stole the show at the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations last month. Louis in particular was the centre of attention with his cheeky antics during the festivities. Meanwhile, Harry and Meghan returned to Britain with Archie and Lilibet for the first time since Megxit for the bank holiday weekend. However the couple kept a low profile and were absent from many of the events. The Sussexes are living in California after quitting royal duties in 2020. The couple are pursuing new lives of personal and financial freedom across the pond. Their post-royal careers include lucrative deals with Netflix and Spotify to make shows and podcasts. They are reportedly filming an “at-home” docuseries as part of their Netflix deal. And Harry is releasing a tell-all memoir later this year which he has promised will be an “accurate and wholly truthful" account of his life. The Duke previously said he was writing the book “not as the prince I was born but as the man I have become”. The royals are likely to be bracing for fresh revelations following his and Meghan’s explosive Oprah Winfrey interview in March 2021.