Mikel Arteta has confirmed Arsenal are still in the market for new signings. The Gunners have already brought in five new players this summer but Arteta is hopeful of making more additions if the right opportunities arise. Arsenal are the biggest spenders in the Premier League so far this summer. They have committed to pay almost £120million, with Gabriel Jesus the most expensive arrival at £45m. The Gunners have had a successful pre-season and demolished La Liga side Sevilla 6-0 to win the Emirates Cup on Saturday. Jesus scored a hat-trick to continue his fine start at the club. Oleksandr Zinchenko also impressed at left-back following his arrival from Manchester City and is likely to start on the opening day of the season against Crystal Palace. But Arteta is still not 100 per cent satisfied with his squad. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd handed De Jong boost, Chelsea bid, Arsenal snubbed  Speaking after the match, the former Gunners captain revealed he would still like to be active in the market if the right players are available. He said: "We are still hoping to do something else if the market allows. "You have seen some movement in the last few days as well. We want to get the perfect balance and the plan we wanted from the beginning”. Fabio Vieira, the £34m signing from Porto, is yet to feature in pre-season for Arsenal. He is recovering from a fracture to his foot that he suffered on international duty with Portugal under-21s in early June. Fellow new faces Marquinhos and Matt Turner did not come off the bench against Sevilla but have featured in the earlier friendlies. Jesus was the star of the show, rounding off his hat-trick in the second half after two early goals for the Brazilian. DON'T MISSTen Hag drops three Man Utd stars from Atletico trip after Fletcher meetingBarcelona hint at hurting Chelsea again as Xavi sets sights on 'very good players'Tuchel leaves trio 'out in the cold' by refusing to give them shirt numbers  He and new club captain Martin Odegaard have already formed an exciting partnership. And Arteta is excited by the duo's link-up. He added: "Gaby [Jesus] makes Odegaard better. We needed someone to make him look better. The connection is there. "Jesus plays with that intensity to win the ball and play in the opposition half. You can't do that if players don't work. "His versatility is well known. He can play centrally, left, right. He can play in a two like he did with Eddie [Nketiah] in pre-season. He gives us a lot of flexibility." 