Tonight, John Travolta's 1977 dance classic Saturday Night Fever airs from 9pm on 5 Star. It follows Travolta's character Tony Manero, who lights up his mundane weeks working in a boring paint store job, by becoming the disco king of the dancefloor at his local nightclub. His antics, however, are met with disapproval from his religious family. But after he meets Stephanie, a girl herself looking for the “uptown life”, and they decide to become dance partners for a contest, Tony begins to understand how meaningless life can be. The musical remains a highly influential piece of cinema in Travolta's filmography, and earned him an Academy Award nomination for Best Actor, losing out to Richard Dreyfuss. His role in Saturday Night Fever came at a highly emotional time for Travolta, as he was in a relationship with actress Diana Hyland, who passed away from breast cancer in the year of its release. Decades later, Travolta suffered even more heartbreak when his wife of 29 years, Kelly Preston, passed away in 2020. Though it was unclear how exactly Preston died, she was 57 years old at the time, and two years before had been diagnosed with breast cancer. While the pair enjoyed a loving marriage, and had three children son Jett, daughter Ella Bleu, and second son, Benjamin, Travolta did detail how they had endured issues during their relationship. According to the Irish Examiner in 2005, Travolta said counselling helped preserve their marriage. He said: "I know for a fact that we wouldn't be together if we hadn't had counselling. We used to have counselling every six months for 12 years. JUST IN: John Travolta 'despised' Tom Cruise in 'bitter feud over Scientology' "Relationships grow and change. If you don't update your relationship with someone, you grow apart. "So we updated our needs and wants from each other every six months. As we've evolved and got to know each other over the years, we don't use counselling as much. "You begin to know the techniques a counsellor uses, so when there is a problem we say, 'OK, let's you and I do it.' Then you figure it out. But sure, I could have seen us separating without counselling." After Preston's death was confirmed two years ago, Travolta penned an emotional note to his wife. DON'T MISS:‘Love and miss you’ Devastated John Travolta in fresh heartache [ANALYSIS]John Travolta pens poignant message to his children on Father's Day [INSIGHT]John Travolta grieves for Ray Liotta ahead of wife's death anniversary [LATEST] In an Instagram post, the 68-year-old said that his wife had "lost her two-year battle with breast cancer". He added: "She fought a courageous fight with the love and support of so many. "I will be taking some time to be there for my children who have lost their mother, so forgive me in advance if you don’t hear from us for a while. All my love, JT." The couple's daughter Ella also made an emotional tribute, noting how she had "never met anyone as courageous, strong, beautiful and loving as you". She concluded: "Anyone who is lucky enough to have known you or to have ever been in your presence will agree that you have a glow and a light that never ceases to shine and that makes anyone around you feel instantly happy. "Thank you for being there for me no matter what. Thank you for your love. "Thank you for your help and thank you for making this world a better place. Y "You have made life so beautiful and I know you will continue to do so always. I love you so much mama." Travolta, who also won acclaim for his roles in Grease and Pulp Fiction, is currently set to star in 2023's American Metal as well as the upcoming film Paradise City. Saturday Night Fever airs from 9pm on 5 Star.