This is the latest in a series of nightmares for holidaymakers caused by long lines and cancelled flights. Adolfo Laurenti posted a picture of a massive queue already forming today on Twitter. He said: "Security line starts outside Terminal 2 at #heathrowairport airport this morning. The emergency has been going on for weeks, but here we are. The incompetence is just shocking." A Heathrow spokesperson told express.co.uk: “We are expecting higher passenger numbers in Terminals 3 and 5 today than the airport currently has capacity to serve, and so to maintain a safe operation we have asked some airlines in Terminals 3 and 5 to remove a combined total of 61 flights from the schedule. We apologise for the impact to travel plans and we are working closely with airlines to get affected passengers rebooked onto other flights. "While Heathrow is ramping up resource and will have as many security officers this summer as we had pre-pandemic, airspace constraints across Europe and a lack of airline ground handling staff can pose a risk to the smooth running of operations. As a result, we will take action where needed to ensure passengers receive the service level they deserve." The news comes amid huge numbers of flight cancellations that have left travellers stranded and out of pocket.     This morning, the airport apologised for recent travel chaos. Nearly six million passengers travelled through the airport in June, which takes the total to 25 million for the first half of the year. The increase in travel post-pandemic means the airport has seen 40 years worth of passenger growth in just four months. Heathrow Airport said: “Despite our best efforts there have been periods in recent weeks, where service levels have not been acceptable, with long queue times, delays for passengers with reduced mobility, bags not travelling with passengers or arriving late, and we want to apologise to any passengers who have been affected by this.” READ MORE: Daniel Craig and Rachel Weisz's gesture to 'protect their marriage'  The airport has cited the supply chain problems facing the entire industry and claimed it would be back to pre-pandemic levels of security staff by the end of July. However, the airport has warned of even more flight cuts, leaving UK travellers disappointed. John Holland-Kaye, chief executive of Heathrow, said: "We will review the schedule changes that airlines have submitted in response to the Government’s requirement to minimise disruption for passengers this summer and will ask them to take further action if necessary." British Airways, EasyJet and other airlines have cancelled hundreds of flights this holiday season, wreaking havoc on holiday plans. DON'T MISS:Ukraine LIVE: Putin attack dog lets slip Russia's real aims in Ukraine [LIVE]Ann Widdecombe slams Sunak over tax policy [INSIGHT]John McEnroe blasted Royal Family’s role at Wimbledon in furious rant [REPORT] Heathrow has been ranked third worst airport in the UK for delayed flights following Birmingham and Southampton airports. The news comes as Heathrow urged passengers not to come to the airport more than three hours before their flight, despite reports of queues taking up the four hours. Last month, hundreds of bags were piled up in Heathrow's Terminal 2 and many passengers said they were told they wouldn't receive their baggage for up to two days. Heathrow apologised for the incident and blamed a "technical issue" with the baggage system. 