Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has joked that Mohamed Salah must have a clause in his new contract which stipulates that Darwin Nunez must take penalties. Nunez opened his Reds account against RB Leipzig on Thursday night after regular penalty taker Salah allowed him to take a second half spot kick after Luis Diaz had been fouled. Nunez went on to score another three goals as Liverpool ran out 5-0 winners.  “Mo, I'm not sure if it's in his new contract with a clause or just being generous like hell - gives Darwin the penalty,” exclaimed Klopp after the match. “And Darwin - the box of pandora was opened. That's of course the perfect night for him.” Liverpool were in sensational form against their German opponents at the Red Bull Arena and took just eight minutes to find the back of the net as Salah finished calmly after running on to Roberto Firmino’s flick-on. The Bundesliga side then managed to contain the Reds’ potent attack for the rest of the first half - but Nunez came to life after the interval. The 23-year-old kept his cool when presented with the opportunity to score his first Liverpool goal from 12 yards as he accepted Salah’s gesture to slot home. And the Uruguay international notched his second moments later as he finished off a flowing attack from his team. JUST IN: Tottenham and Arsenal in driving seat as Zaniolo swap deal rejected    He scored his hat-trick by turning the ball in from close range before capping off his fine performance with his fourth goal with the final kick of the game. After the match, Reds boss Klopp was in jovial mood as he spoke about the game. And he appeared surprised that Salah had given up the opportunity to take the spot-kick himself. The Egypt forward has proved consistent from the penalty spot in recent seasons and struck six times from 12 yards last season. DON'T MISSMan Utd boss Erik ten Hag can sign very own Darwin Nunez for cut-price £45m transfer feeMan City boss Pep Guardiola sets record straight on 'Neymar swap deal offer' from PSGArsenal decide next two signings after agreeing Oleksandr Zinchenko transfer deal  The 30-year-old has become one of the best players in the world during his time at Anfield and finally put pen-to-paper on a new contract earlier this summer after months of speculation about his future. But the ace might be more reluctant to allow Nunez to take over the penalty duties when the new campaign gets underway at the start of next month. Liverpool are set to face RB Salzburg in another friendly next Wednesday, before going head-to-head with Manchester City in the Community Shield three days later. And they will finish their pre-season action against Strasbourg next Sunday. 