Princess Diana left her famous jewellery collection to her two sons, Prince William and Prince Harry, after her death in a car crash in 1997. The princes' wives Kate, Duchess of Cambridge and Meghan, Duchess of Sussex have since been spotted wearing several memorable pieces from their late mother-in-law's jewellery box. Express.co.uk spoke to jewellery experts about the items inherited by Kate and Meghan and their staggering value.  Meghan Markle has been pictured wearing several of Princess Diana's bracelets over the years, including a Cartier diamond tennis bracelet. Daniel O’Farrell; Founder, Bespoke Jeweller and Diamond Expert at DC Jewellery, said: "Meghan has inherited Diana’s gold and cabochon sapphire cuff worth more than £20,000, a Cartier diamond tennis bracelet worth more than £17,000 and Diana’s famous Cartier Tank watch worth more than £17,000 when it was gifted to her for her 21st birthday. "The Cartier Tank watch is one of Diana’s most coveted heirlooms, which was originally allocated to Prince William who swapped it for Diana’s sapphire engagement ring that was originally allocated to Prince Harry. It would be worth more than £500,000 today." Kate, Duchess of Cambridge also inherited Diana's three-strand pearl bracelet, and she recently posed wearing the piece for her and Prince William's first official portrait.  READ MORE: Prince Charles takes on new role as he is given new title Princess Diana owned a pair of cute gold butterfly earrings that appeared again when Prince Harry and Meghan Markle visited Australia in 2018. Mr O'Farrell added: "To the best of public knowledge, Meghan has inherited Diana’s dainty gold butterfly studs encrusted with diamonds and blue stones that Princess Di wore on a trip to Canada in 1986." Kate, Duchess of Cambridge tends to wear two sets of pearl earrings from Diana's collection, the Collingwood pearls for everyday use and the glitzier diamond and South Sea pearl earrings for evening receptions. At Trooping the Colour 2022, Kate also wore Diana's double-drop sapphire and diamond earrings for the first time in public.   Perhaps the most iconic gem in Diana's collection was her sapphire and diamond engagement ring from royal jeweller Garrard, which now belongs to the Duchess of Cambridge. Daena Borrowman, PR, Social and Marketing Manager at jewellerybox, said: “The late Princess Diana’s engagement ring; now Kate Middleton, the Duchess of Cambridge’s engagement ring is undoubtedly one of the most iconic and unique engagement rings of all time. "Featuring a 12-carat oval-cut Ceylon sapphire surrounded by 14 solitaire diamonds set in white gold, the ring initially was part of Garrard & Co’s catalogue of jewellery from which Princess Diana chose it. It is now worth between £300,000 and £400,000.” While Meghan Markle's engagement ring from Prince Harry did not come directly from Diana's collection, two out of the ring's three main diamonds belonged to the Princess. Mr O'Farrell added: "[Meghan's] gold engagement ring designed by Prince Harry is very special indeed, because its central diamond, sourced by Harry from Botswana, is flanked on both sides by two smaller diamonds from her late mother-in-law Princess Diana’s own collection.   DON'T MISS:Harry and William to face poignant Princess Diana milestone this week [INSIGHT]Meghan and Kate's engagement rings share one key connection [PICTURES]BBC to give massive payout to Bashir's Diana interview whistleblower [ANALYSIS] "Prince Harry’s heartwarming purpose behind the stones was so that his mother could always be present with them on their 'crazy journey together'. A ring of such priceless significance is worth more than £120,000." While Kate wore Diana's engagement ring at her wedding reception, serving as her 'something blue', Meghan wore her late mother-in-law's stunning aquamarine ring for her reception. Mr O'Farrell explained: "Meghan even wore Diana’s iconic aquamarine ring as her 'something blue' to her wedding reception in 2018. "Designed by Asprey, the ring is set in 24-carat gold and features a massive emerald-cut aquamarine of potentially more than 30 carats, flanked by smaller solitaire diamonds. This priceless heirloom that matched Princess Diana’s eyes is well worth above £75,000.” 