The airport said in a statement on Twitter this afternoon: “Following today's high temperatures, a surface defect was identified on the runway. Engineers were called immediately to site and repair works are currently in progress to resume operations as soon as possible.” The airport tweeted an update at 6.17pm stating that the runway had reopened and flights were now arriving and departing as normal. They said: "The runway reopened to both arriving and departing flights at 18.05 (6.05pm) and is now fully operational. "We're sorry for the inconvenience and thank you for your patience." It comes as the RAF halted all flights to its largest air base in the UK after the runway reportedly “melted” in the hot weather. A second source confirmed to Sky News the runway had been impacted by the heat but didn't say it had “melted”. The heat has also caused rail tracks to buckle at Vauxhall railway station in London. There was then disruption between Waterloo and Clapham Junction after a safety inspection was conducted on the line. READ MORE: Never miss a travel update again with our email briefing, sign up here Great Northern also reported buckled rails at Watlington in Norfolk. Rail services were then suspended between Cambridge and Kings Lynn. Those who had cancelled flights from Luton Airport today are entitled to a full refund. Laura Rettie, editor in chief of Finance.co.uk explained travellers’ options. DON'T MISSFlight attendant tells what to 'never, ever consume' on a plane [INSIGHT]Flight attendant shares what passengers 'should never drink' on plane [UPDATE]RAF halts all fights to UK air base a 'runway has melted' [ANALYSIS] She said: “This is incredibly frustrating for travellers hoping to get away today. “If your flight is cancelled you should be asked whether you want a full refund or to re-book on an alternative flight. “The airlines should be covering the cost of transport if you need to travel from a different airport to catch your replacement flight. “You may also be entitled to financial compensation if you’re delayed two or more hours by the replacement flight offered. “If your flight is cancelled you might be able to claim compensation - the amount will depend on the distance of your flight.” The announcement from Luton Airport angered some Twitter users at the time. One Twitter user called Simon Mills said: “This country is a joke. “Madrid it’s 40C plus every day. Same in other countries and their runways don’t melt.” Another person called @JamesUK22 replied: “45 degrees in Dubai this week. “Planes still taking off and landing.” Richard Diplock said: “Must say our infrastructure is third world. "Why don’t countries who experience heat or cold weather struggle? “Tarmac melting at Luton airport!! Rail tracks buckling?”