A Barcelona official has reportedly shed light on Manchester United’s agreement for Frenkie de Jong. The midfielder is edging closer to moving to Old Trafford this summer. However, the 25-year-old is still reluctant to leave the Nou Camp - having been at the club since moving from Ajax in 2019. According to The Evening Standard, a Barcelona official has spoken out on De Jong under the condition of anonymity. They revealed to the publication that the Red Devils have agreed to pay an initial £63.4million, with an extra £8.4m in variables. And they also revealed that though De Jong would like to stay, Xavi has told the midfielder that he won’t be a key part of his squad. This all bodes well for United, who are now set to try and agree personal terms with the Netherlands international so they can get him in the door. Barcelona would like a ‘definite deal to be reached immediately’, before the club jet out to the United States for their pre-season tour. Yet with De Jong currently reluctant to leave Catalonia, it will be interesting to see what unfolds. Man Utd transfers: The mouthwatering XI to tackle Brighton with 5 new signings There’s been talk of a late hijack from Chelsea, who would be able to offer De Jong the chance to play in the Champions League. Yet it’s United, for now, who are in pole position for the midfielder. Erik ten Hag has been driving interest, with the new United manager eager to freshen up his squad despite talking up its potential. And De Jong could be about to become the latest Dutch player to turn out for the Red Devils. United saw Jaap Stam shine for three years under Sir Alex Ferguson, helping the club win a historic treble in 1999. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Man Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leave Man Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong Ruud van Nistelrooy was prolific during his five years with the club, netting 150 goals and becoming a huge fan favourite in the process. Edwin van der Sar was a reliable figure between the sticks under Ferguson, winning four league titles before retiring in 2011. Alexander Buttner never got much of a chance at United but still won the Premier League title in 2013. So too did Robin van Persie, who was a popular asset for the Red Devils after signing from Arsenal in the summer transfer window of 2012. And the likes of Daley Blind, Memphis Depay, Tahith Chong, Tim Fosu-Mensah and Donny van de Beek have all represented the club as well. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team Luke Chadwick, meanwhile, has called on United to get a deal over the line by saying: “Signings need to be made, so it’s positive to hear that the money is there to do that, and that it will be about who the manager wants, rather than how much a player costs. “I think United fans will be relieved to hear that. “I can’t see Barcelona shifting their asking price for De Jong. United have been guilty in the past of taking too long and not getting their number one targets, so if De Jong is at the top of Ten Hag’s list, which you’d imagine he is because of their past together, you’d hope United will just meet the asking price. “They surely have to be ready to pay – he’s done well at Barcelona, he’s not close to the end of his contract. “Money shouldn’t be an issue, as Richard Arnold said in the video, so they need to pay what it takes because he’s a player they need. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. “Even if it comes to €80-85million, that’s where the market is now. “Ten Hag needs to be able to get the players he wants. €85m is a large price, but at the same time it wasn’t so long ago that he was seen as one of the hottest prospects in European football. I think that’s the kind of market for players of that calibre now. “De Jong is someone you can build around for a long time and it feels like he’s Ten Hag’s man. “He was brilliant at Ajax and had that team built around him to a certain extent. “I think it would put a marker down for United and show that they mean business.”