Archie Mountbatten-Windsor, three, is a big fan of the children’s TV series The Octonauts, according to a close friend of Prince Harry. JJ Chalmers, a TV presenter and former Strictly Come Dancing star told Radio Times he and Harry have grown up together and do “dad chat” now. He said three-year-old Archie loves the popular animated show The Octonauts, just like his own son James.  The series follows Captain Barnacles and his crew of underwater explorers as they help rescue aquatic creatures across the world’s oceans. Mr Chalmers, who was injured in a bomb blast in Afghanistan in 2011, took part in the Duke of Sussex’s Invictus Games, which he said inspired his recovery. He told of how he has been through “some pretty extraordinary times” with Harry. “In some ways we’ve grown up together. READ MORE: One Royal Family member is the 'sexiest' - but it's not Kate or Meghan “When we first met, we were both young lads in the military. “It’s been pretty lovely to move into the next stage of our life – marriage, kids – together. “Now that we both have kids, we just do dad chat. “I know that Archie loves The Octonauts and my son James loves it, too. “The kids are a similar age and have similar interests.” Chalmers said his children had not yet had the chance for a playdate with Archie and his younger sister Lilibet, who live in California. He added: “I’m sure they’ll get together one day soon.” The Octonauts is a British-based programme as it was produced for CBeebies, but airs on Disney Junior and is streamed on Netflix. READ MORE: Meghan Markle 'trusts own decisions' parenting Archie and Lilibet Archie’s cousin, Prince George, also loves a certain British children’s series. Kate Middleton’s eldest child was such an avid fan of one particular television show when he was a bit younger that its creators made a special episode dedicated to him. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge previously said that George is such a huge fan of Fireman Sam that the show actually made an episode inspired by him. Kate told BBC Radio One that “Fireman Sam has taken an awful lot of interest” in their household.  When the children’s series celebrated its 30th anniversary in 2017, it released an episode called ‘The Prince in Pontypandy’, which told the story of a Prince that comes to visit Fireman Sam’s station. The episode also featured a nod to Prince William’s time working as a pilot with the RAF Search and Rescue. The royal characters that appear in the episode are based on William, Kate and George. 