Leeds are reportedly closing in on RB Leipzig midfielder Tyler Adams as a replacement for the outgoing Kalvin Phillips. The England international is set to have his Manchester City medical today with the club expected to announce his signature shortly afterwards. Adams has twice previously played under Leeds boss Jesse Marsch, firstly for New York Red Bull’s before latterly playing for him again during the American’s ill-fated spell in Leipzig. The midfielder played 35 times for the Bundesliga side last season and has played almost 200 games as a professional despite only being 23-years-old. He is very versatile, being able to play right back and right midfield in addition to his usual role in the centre of the park. It is claimed that the USA international has a release clause of £32 million however the Athletic reports that Leipzig would be open to letting the player leave on loan, with the view to a permanent move and Leeds are one of the many clubs interested. DON'T MISS: Man Utd 'open talks' for Lisandro Martinez as Ajax defender 'picks' between Arsenal move The Leeds reporter for the site, Phil Hay, said on his podcast, the Phil Hay Show, that there was a ‘fair possibility’ the Yorkshire club could sign the American. “They are recruiting players Marsch wants,” he explained. “You’ve seen the links to Tyler Adams and there is a fair possibility of that one. That is somebody else that Marsch knows extremely well. They are backing him.” Leeds have already moved to reunite their head coach with players that he has previously worked with. Attacking midfielder Brenden Aaronson and full-back Rasmus Kristensen both have joined from Red Bull Salzburg where Marsch was manager from 2019 until 2021. READ MOREChelsea 'receive response' from Juventus after 'offering two players' for Matthijs de LigtMan Utd hatch Frenkie de Jong announcement plan as transfer deal enters 'final stages'Tottenham on verge of fourth and fifth signings following double transfer breakthrough However, disappointingly for Leeds fan’s the transfer window has been characterised more by the players who are set to leave the club rather than join it. Phillips is set to leave his boyhood club to join Premier League champions Manchester City. The move is believed to be worth £42m up front with a further £3m agreed in add ons. The Whites could also be set to lose talisman Raphinha after the club agreed a deal worth around £55m with Chelsea for the player. However, the move has been complicated by interest from Barcelona. The Brazilian winger is reportedly prepared to wait for a move to the La Liga giants instead, a fact that is holding up his departure from Yorkshire. Leeds supporters will be disappointed to see their key players depart however they will be somewhat reassured by the club’s quick actions to replace their outgoing stars.