After months of tension amidst the conflict in Ukraine, Russia has announced that it will withdraw from the ISS after 2024, according to Russian news agency TASS. This decision was announced by Director General of Russian space agency Roscosmos Yuri Borisov, following a meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin. Mr Borisov added that Russia would leave its partnership with NASA onboard the ISS after fulfilling all of its obligations to its partners. He said: “Vladimir Vladimirovich, you know that we are working within the framework of international cooperation at the International Space Station. "Of course, we will fulfill all our obligations to our partners, but the decision and leaving this station after 2024 have been made." The new leader space head, who recently replaced Dmitry Rogozin, said that by 2024, Moscow will have begun to form the Russian Orbital Space Station(ROSS). He added that Roscosmos will now focus its attention on support the Russian economy with vital space services.  He said: "The industry is in a difficult situation, and I see my main task, together with my colleagues, is not to drop, but to raise the bar and, first of all, provide the Russian economy with the necessary space services." These services will include navigation, communications, data transmission, meteorological, and geodetic information, "without which modern life cannot be imagined". Mr Borisov also added that Roscosmos's biggest priority moving forward will be the creation of ROSS, stressing that Roscosmos will not forget about scientific space. He said: "We will continue the manned program in accordance with the approved plans. The main priorities will be made on the creation of the Russian orbital station." A senior NASA official noted that Russia has not informed NASA of any intention of withdrawing from the iSS despite Mr Borisov's claims. READ MORE: NASA astronauts clash with Russian cosmonauts on ISS Roscosmos ending its cooperation onboard the ISS sounds alarm bells for space experts, as Russian made modules constitute a critical part of the 400-tonne space station. The first two components of the ISS come from the Russian modules "Zarya" and "Zvezda", which use their engines to raise the orbit of the ISS from time to time when the upper layers of the atmosphere begin slowing down the station. If Vladimir Putin decided to decouple these two modules, some experts have warned that the ISS would only survive for a short period of time before it enters Earth’s atmosphere. This announcement comes after months of hostilities between NASA and Roscosmos, with the former space chief Dmitry Rogozin even threatening to crash the ISS into Earth as a response to Western sanctions on Russia. DON'T MISS: Mars mystery breakthrough: 'Dark matter’ bacteria in ancient lava c... [REPORT] Russia's plans are now 'doomed' as Putin 'awakens sleeping giant' [INSIGHT] Palaeontologists stunned after discovering footprints from dinosaur [REVEAL] In a series of tweets, he said: “If you block cooperation with us, who will save the ISS from an uncontrolled deorbit and fall into the United States or Europe? “There is also the option of dropping the 500-ton structure to India and China. “Do you want to threaten them with such a prospect? “The ISS does not fly over Russia, so all the risks are yours. Are you ready for them?”  