Many have argued against the latest decision, with one former BBC correspondent stating no executive of the network would ever "have the balls" to use footage from the well-known Panorama interview for journalistic purposes. It comes as the broadcaster recently paid damages for Martin Bashir's 1995 interview with Princess Diana to Alexandra Pettifer and Tiggy Legge-Bourke after it was alleged "fabricated" claims were made. The BBC publicly apologised, but several have slammed the decision never to show the significant interview again, accusing the BBC of "silencing" the late royal. Tim Davie, BBC Director-General, issued a statement Thursday condemning the "shocking way" the interview was obtained. In the lengthy writing, he said: "Following publication of the Dyson Report last year we have been working with those who suffered as a result of the deceitful tactics used by the BBC in pursuit of its interview with Diana, Princess of Wales for the Panorama programme in 1995, including the matters that were mentioned in court today in respect of Miss Tiggy Legge-Bourke, now Mrs Alexandra Pettifer. "The BBC has agreed to pay substantial damages to Mrs Pettifer and I would like to take this opportunity to apologise publicly to her, to The Prince of Wales, and to the Dukes of Cambridge and Sussex, for the way in which Princess Diana was deceived and the subsequent impact on all their lives." READ MORE: Better Call Saul fans ‘work out’ reason Gene is missing from season 6 The statement went on: "Now we know about the shocking way that the interview was obtained I have decided that the BBC will never show the programme again; nor will we license it in whole or part to other broadcasters." He continued to explain that the document will "remain part of the historical record". Retweeting the apology, former BBC correspondent Peter Hunt wrote: "Diana silenced. "No BBC executive will ever have the balls to sanction the use of a Panorama clip for journalistic purposes.  "So, never again on the BBC, will we see and hear Diana talk about there being three people in the marriage and questioning Charles’ suitability to be king." Royal editor Chris Ship tweeted in response: "It is a matter of historical record. "It should be used sparingly but when appropriate, and in the right context with explanation." Twitter user @Lorentag argued: "First, William will never be popular he silenced his mothers Truth, all the U.K. knew about his father's other woman whilst he was married to Diana. DON'T MISS... Coronation Street theory: Summer Spellman dies following health battle [THEORY]EastEnders theory: Lola Pearce pregnant after drunken night with Jay [LATEST]Richard Osman pays tribute to Pointless co-star Alexander 'I'm lucky' [VIDEO] "Second, William referred to his mother as being paranoid, when you look at how they tried to label Harry, Diana was Not Paranoid." (sic) @fafo_1991 commented: "This is pointless. The Crown season 5 will erase all the attempts at rewriting history." @carltonclayton3 added: "Prince Charles has been a one-man crusade to wipe out all traces of Diana, Diana putting him and Camilla on blast, her unhappiness with being gaslighted by BRF. "And it’s working. That doesn’t mean there aren’t copies of the BBC videotaped by the public at large!" @DeelightRI fumed: "There are many copies of the BBC panorama interview with Diana around the world, so neither Charles, William or the BBC can Silence Her TRUTH! "That documentary will now become the most circulated in the world, there’s nothing they can do to stop it from spreading like wild fire!" "I have to say, it is convenient," penned @CariadTweeter, adding: "They tried to silence her in life and now they've managed it. "The interview may have been obtained through devious means but she still was speaking about her own experience. It makes me sad that her own son has been complicit in silencing her." (sic) Express.co.uk has contacted the BBC for comment. 