  Former Strictly Come Dancing finalist Alexandra Burke, 33, has given birth to her first child. Alexandra has welcomed her new baby into the world with beau Darren Randolph, 34, who plays football for Premier League club West Ham United and the Republic of Ireland national team.      The X Factor winner took to Instagram this morning to share the happy news with her 261,000 followers. Posing a picture of her baby’s tiny feet, she wrote: “Welcome to the world our little grape, we already love you more than words can say.” Alexandra and Darren have chosen not to share the sex of their baby and have not yet revealed a name.    The couple were soon inundated with messages from fans and friends congratulating them on their bundle of joy. “Massive congratulations,” wrote TV presenter Gaby Roslin. JLS star Oritse Williams simply commented: “Congrats Al.” Singer Kazz Kumar penned: “Congratulations Alex!!!! Look at those cute lil feet!!!”     Strictly’s Motsi Mabuse wrote: “Congratulations mama all the best.” (sic) Love Island’s Samira Mighty added: “Yay congratulations!!” Emmerdale’s Fiona Wada penned: “Aww congratulations to you both!! So happy for you!!” “Congratulations,” Strictly’s Neil Jones commented with three love hearts. READ MORE... Novak Djokovic's sad confession about marriage to wife Jelena [INSIGHT] Fiona Bruce's 'toughest interview' as Lord Sugar shouted and swore [NEWS] Rafael Nadal's sweary rant after question about his wife Xisca Perello [NEWS]      Fellow dancer Karen Hauer added: “Congratulations gorgeous mama.” The Apprentice’s Sian Gabbidon wished the couple “huge congratulations”. While model Daisy Lowe wrote: “Congratulations!!! Sending you and your family all my love.” Reports of Alexandra and Darren dating first emerged in the summer of 2021, with the singer seeming to confirm the romance on social media back in June.      Alexandra first rose to fame when she won ITV’s The X Factor in 2008. After her win, the single Hallelujah was released, becoming the top-selling single of 2008 in the UK. Since then, she has topped the charts with singles like Bad Boys and All Night Long. She also appeared in Strictly Come Dancing in 2017, where she made it all the way to the final.   