As Colton Ryan opened up about his new role on Hulu’s The Girl from Plainville, the actor reflected on his TV start at the NBC procedural drama Law and Order SVU. Speaking to Express.co.uk Colton paid a touching tribute to the cast and crew of the drama.  Hulu’s leading man reflected on his appearance on NBC's Law and Order SVU as the villainous Andrew Drake. Although he only guest-starred in the episode titled ‘No Good Reason,’ the actor said a touching tribute to the crew behind the series. In 2017 Ryan made his appearance as a high schooler who was accused of sexually assaulting his friend Mandy Fowler (Brighton Sharbino). By the end of the episode, Andrew was arrested and incarcerated for rape, where he showed remorse for the crime. READ MORE: Outlander’s Caitriona Balfe details Claire scene she didn’t film Although Ryan was promoting his latest drama, The Girl from Plainville, he reflected on his time on the NBC set and paid tribute to Mariska Hargitay and the team of Law and Order SVU. Speaking on the opportunity Law and Order SVU gave him, the actor stated: “As a New Yorker it’s sort of like this rite of passage thing. “It’s the best set in the world because they’ve done it so many times over. “They’ve taken theatre people and gone, ‘Come on, kid, we’ll show you how to be in front of the camera.’”  As NBC's longest-running primetime show ever, following its debut in 1999, Law and Order SVU has seen a countless number of actors get their start on the show as guest stars. Ryan added: “They’re so good at it, they’re so gentle that I’m always really fond of that experience and how thankful I was because I probably wouldn’t be here.” The lessons he learned from his time on NBC seemed to have paid off, as he has since starred in Dear Evan Hansen, Little Voice and the 2019 comedy Adam. More recently, Ryan has landed the lead role on Hulu’s true story drama series ‘The Girl from Plainville' as Conrad Roy. DON'T MISS...Star Trek Strange New Worlds: Uhura star on the ‘outpour’ of reactions [INSIGHT]Law and Order SVU villain speaks out on shock return [INSIGHT]Law and Order SVU season 24: Amanda Rollins to be hounded by enemy? [THEORY] The series followed the days leading up to Conrad’s death after his girlfriend Michelle Carter (Elle Fanning) was jailed for involuntary manslaughter after sending him text messages encouraging him to commit suicide. When asked why he wanted to bring the harrowing true story to life, Ryan revealed: “I think it was because the version that I knew, at first, I didn’t really care for. “It felt really, the way it was presented was sensational, it was very hollow. “And whenever this kind of shows in my life, in my inbox rather, it just felt… the logline alone felt so emotional, and consequential.”  The actor continued: “It showed how it really affected this family, this community, this country in its heart. “When I read it, I didn’t associate the two things together, I was like, ‘It sounds familiar…oh, right, that’s that thing, that texting case.’ “And the minute I realised the two things were the same, I jumped right on because the point of entry is just right. “Whoever is in charge of this is looking at this thing that is really unresolved, especially among us Americans, this case that has lingered, and it is investigating it again in the proper way.” Law and Order SVU is available on NBC in the US and is available in the UK on Sky Witness. The Girl From Plainville is available to stream on Hulu. 