CNN Philippines reported that several passengers at LRT-1 Abad Santos station are waiting for operations to resume following the earthquake. Phivolcs Director Solidum said: “We suspect that the fault in the area has moved to generate that major earthquake. “That's a major earthquake. Anything larger than magnitude 7 can be devastating.”  Social media was buzzing with people who witnessed the damaging earthquake. Twitter user Myookeigo tweeted: “Stay safe, northerners. I still feel dizzy but power is back in our area. Let's pray for no or at least fewer and less powerful aftershocks.” A second Twitter user, Daleexe, said: “No wonder everyone in the neighbourhood got woken up it was a magnitude 7.3 earthquake.” A third user, Michi, nombrado tweeted: “I was in an elevator when this happened earlier and my heart was pounding!!” READ MORE: Brit special forces ‘helped liberate Snake Island' in Bond-style subs  Meanwhile, Jen7 tweeted: “I thought i was having severe vertigo w/ how intense it was here @ Cainta” Meanwhile, according to the reports, people have been evacuated from their working places as a precautionary move. The Great Luzon Earthquake of July 1990 was magnitude 7.7 at a depth of 25km. The 1990 Luzon earthquake struck the island of Luzon in the Philippines at 4:26 pm (local time) on July 16 (PDT) or 3:26 pm (PST) with an estimated moment magnitude of 7.7 and a maximum Mercalli intensity of IX (Violent) and produced a 125 km-long ground rupture that stretched from Dingalan, Aurora to Kayapa, Nueva Vizcaya.  DON'T MISS:Farage blasts Sunak for copycat 'bloke in a pub' campaign routineCamilla and Prince Charles visit Sandringham Flower Show GB news: ‘Mess up!’ Macron ‘failed’ in manning Dover border The event was a result of strike-slip movements along the Philippine Fault and the Digdig Fault within the Philippine Fault System. The earthquake's epicentre was near the town of Rizal, Nueva Ecija, northeast of Cabanatuan City. An estimated 1,621 people were killed, most of the fatalities located in Central Luzon and the Cordillera region. Latest videos show portions of centuries-old church belfry, Bantay Bell Tower in Ilocos Sur crumble after a magnitude 7.3 earthquake hit Abra Province this morning. Heritage structures and churches in Ilocos Sur’s capital city of Vigan were seen damaged after the tremor. Some parts of the front portion of the Vigan Cathedral were damaged. 