Experts at Mattress Online shared the most effective tips to cool down a room and sleep better during a heatwave. Keep a 50p spray bottle of water next to the bed Experts at Mattress Online explained: "A small water-filled bottle of water can be the perfect solution for a humid night in bed. "Keep a spray bottle next to your bed for fast, refreshing relief whenever you feel too hot. "A couple of sprays across your face, or even on your pillow, should do the trick. "You can purchase a spray bottle for 50p in most bargain stores, then fill it up with water and keep in the fridge before bed for an extra cooling effect." READ MORE: 'The body does not lie': Inside Sophie Wessex & Edward's marriage Close the curtains but open the windows The experts also recommended opening the windows but keeping the bedroom curtains closed in the morning. They explained: "The curtains will act as a barrier, preventing the hot sun from shining in and heating up the room, and open the window to let in any chance of a breeze. "This will hopefully leave your bedroom slightly cooler come bedtime." Rub an ice cube across your wrists Another trick to staying cool is to rub an ice cube on the pulse points.  "These are the areas where your blood vessels are close enough to the skin that you can feel a pulse," the experts explained. The pulse points include the wrists, neck, inside your elbow and at the back of the knees. Keeping the pulse points cool helps to lower the body temperature. Put your pillowcase in the freezer Putting the pillowcase in the freezer is an unusual but very effective hack to sleep better in the heat. READ MORE: Get rid of mosquitos in the house this summer using common herb The experts commented: "One of the strangest but most effective methods of cooling your bed down is to put your pillowcase in the freezer. "Simply put your pillowcase in a clean plastic bag and leave it in the freezer for 10-15 minutes. "Your bed will feel instantly fresher and the cooling effect lasts long after you go to sleep." They recommended trying this trick with the pyjamas, too. Swap your sheets for bamboo bedding Bamboo is a breathable and moisture-wicking material, making it one of the best options during a heatwave. Bamboo fabrics are also naturally hypoallergenic, which can help reduce allergy symptoms that normally come hand in hand with hot weather. "Avoid cotton bedding at all costs, as it’s not moisture-wicking and can make you feel sweatier," the expert advised. Steve Adams, CEO at Mattress Online, also recommended taking the duvet out of the cover and changing the sheets twice a week during the summer months to avoid getting into a dirty and potentially damp bed at night. "Always wash your bedding at 60°C or higher, as this is the temperature which kills bacteria,” he said.