Britain is sweltering as swathes of the country recorded temperatures of over 40C for the first time on Tuesday. The record-breaking heatwave saw a huge uptick in fires and several fire services declared major incidents. One blaze in the village of Wennington in east London ripped through several homes, causing extensive damage and forcing local residents to be evacuated. London declared a major incident as authorities in the capital said the emergency services were facing high demand. However, further severe weather may hit the country on Wednesday as flash floods could occur in parts of England, the Government said. It comes as the Met Office released a yellow thunderstorm warning for parts of England between 1pm and 9pm. Amid the warnings, footage of an underground station in London being flooded last summer has been widely circulated on Twitter. Users shared the video of the capital being engulfed in flash floods to highlight the dangers of climate change. Henry Mance, the chief features writer for the Financial Times, was among those concerned about the floods. JUST IN: Huge fires erupt across London – blazes reach HOUSES and 'major incident' triggered In a tweet on Tuesday, he said: “Almost exactly a year ago, London was hit by flash floods. “So yeah the Met Office is giving us warnings about heavy rain after a heatwave. This is how climate change works.” The Government’s five-day flood forecast tracker says flooding could take place in England after heavy rain on Wednesday. It reads: “Local flooding is possible but not expected from surface water in parts of the south and east of England on Wednesday. “Properties may flood and there may be travel disruption. “Local flooding is also possible from surface water in parts of Devon and Cornwall early on Wednesday morning. “Land, roads and some properties may flood and there may be travel disruption.” The Government’s flood risk map shows a yellow ‘low risk’ area covering parts of the Midlands, Oxfordshire, London and east England. For this area, flooding is “possible”, but it is “not expected that runoff from rainfall or blocked drains will cause properties and roads to flood”. There is also a green ‘very low risk’ area highlighted across the South West for Wednesday. DON'T MISS: Brilliant 1976 pictures show true British spirit as heatwave cut water supply to homes [LATEST]Horror chart shows pattern in UK as a stark warning of extreme weather yet to come [INSIGHT]POLL: Are you listening to Met Office advice to stay inside during heatwave? [ANALYSIS] The Government says “there is a very low risk of flooding” in this area. The Met Office’s amber and red warnings for extreme heat end at midnight on Tuesday. Its yellow thunderstorm warning tomorrow covers parts of the Midlands, East Anglia, southeast England and southern England. The Met Office said: “Heavy showers and thunderstorms are expected to develop across central, southern and eastern parts of England on Wednesday afternoon. “Whilst most places will see only small amounts of rain there is a chance of some isolated heavy downpours and lightning. “Where these occur a few sites could see 20-30 mm in an hour and 50 mm in three hours.”