The journalist further lambasted France President Emmanuel Macron for being “wrong” about NATO. President Macron voiced a tougher line on Russia on Wednesday and said Europe needed to send a strong signal to Ukraine as he sought to assuage concerns in Kyiv and among some European allies over his previous stance towards Moscow.  Mr Edginton wrote in The Telegraph: “Macron is wrong. The EU has been proved to be brain-dead, not NATO. “Putin’s invasion of Ukraine has shown Brussels to be slow and ineffective. “For the West to be effective nation-states must be united and act quickly. “Britain’s decisive support for Ukraine makes EU foreign policy look defunct.”  NATO and EU states are pushing for better tracking of weapons supplied to Ukraine in response to fears that criminal groups are smuggling them out of the country and on to Europe’s black market. Since Russia launched its war against Ukraine, western states have pledged more than $10billion (£8.4billion) in military support, from portable rocket launchers and armoured vehicles to rifles and vast amounts of ammunition. Earlier, President Macron had described NATO as "brain dead", stressing what he sees as waning commitment to the transatlantic alliance by its main guarantor, the US. Interviewed by the Economist, he cited the US failure to consult NATO before pulling forces out of northern Syria.  READ MORE: Ukraine special forces free torture victims from Russian prison He also questioned whether NATO was still committed to collective defence. Former German Chancellor Angela Merkel, a key ally, said she disagreed with Mr Macron's “drastic words”. Russia, which sees NATO as a threat to its security, welcomed the French president's comments as “truthful words”. Meanwhile, the EU is set to target Russian gold exports in an update to its sanctions packages while further tightening previous measures on Moscow amid the continuing war in Ukraine.  DON'T MISS:Oil price slump: Cost for crude plunges below £80 for first time Horror as Russia accused of using ‘stolen Western weapons’UK weather: Rail services to be affected