The latest Tory leadership poll from YouGov has found Defence Secretary Ben Wallace is the favourite to take over from Boris Johnson following his resignation this morning. The former soldier and MP for Wyre and Preston North, who has played a leading role in supporting Ukraine from Europe, also comes top of Tory members’ preferences overall. According to the poll conducted between July 6 and 7, Mr Wallace tops the list, at 13 percent. He is neck and neck with Penny Mordaunt (12 percent), with Rishi Sunak in third taking 10 percent and Liz Truss scoring 8 percent. Recently sacked Michael Gove ties with Justice Secretary Dominic Raab on seven percent, while outsider Tom Tugendhat is seventh with six percent. Jeremy Hunt, who came second in the 2019 Conservative leadership contest, places joint eighth on 5 percent, alongside new chancellor Nadhim Zahawi. READ MORE: ‘Psychic' seal predicts next Prime Minister will be Ben Wallace Ben Wallace is the Defence Secretary and was appointed by Mr Johnson to the cabinet in July 2019. Mr Wallace began his career in politics as a Conservative MSP for North East Scotland from 1999 to 2003, before quitting and moving to Lancashire. He has served in numerous ministerial roles and as party whip from July 2014 to May 2015. According to theyworkforyou.com, Ben Wallace votes in line with the party whip the majority of the time. What is his voting record like in key areas that matter to Express readers? Mr Wallace has almost always voted against UK membership of the EU between 2016 and 2019, but was a supporter of the Remain campaign during the 2016 referendum. After the UK voted to leave, he tweeted: “As a remainder, I am of course gutted by the result. But it is now my duty to make sure The UK thrives in the world and stays together.” Since the referendum, he has voted against the right to remain for EU nationals and has generally voted against more EU integration. DON'T MISSBoris can't hang around like bad smell, he MUST GO - ANGELA RAYNER [INSIGHT]William 'really liked' Judi Love's joke 'cussing out’ Boris Johnson [REPORT]Let him finish Brexit! Brits slam 'backstabbing' MPs – tell PM to STAY [INSIGHT] Mr Wallace has generally tread the party line when it comes to taxation and employment. Mr Wallace has consistently voted against increasing the rate of VAT and for raising the threshold at which people start paying income tax. In true Tory fashion, he has voted against higher taxes on banks, banker's bonuses and higher taxation on the value of expensive homes, also known as mansion tax. Mr Wallace has generally voted against equality laws and has particularly voted against equal gay rights. According to the site, he has voted a mixture of for and against gay marriage laws. Mr Wallace has consistently voted against higher benefits for those with prolonged illness or disability.