Pillows can often become stained and are often home to a plethora of bacteria. For those looking to give their pillows a clean, without the hassle of hand-washing, fans of cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch have shared their tips for washing pillows in the washing machine. Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, is a cleaning and lifestyle influencer with more than 4.5 million followers on Instagram. She is known for sharing her nifty cleaning and tidying tips on social media and TV. Now, fans of hers have created their own social media groups in her name where people share their cleaning and tidying hacks. On one such group, Facebook user Stephanie Stamford asked Mrs Hinch fans: “Can you wash pillows in the washing machine and what would you recommend using?” The post was inundated with more almost 100 comments from Mrs Hinch fans. READ MORE: Where does the Duke of Kent live? Inside his ‘modest’ home The most common suggestion was to wash them on a 40C wash. Kayleigh Anne Michelle Woodward said: “Just done mine today along with duvet, all on a 40C wash with normal powder and conditioner. Drying in the sunshine, come out lovely.” Maddie Samcro replied: “Mine are duck feather and the label on it said 40C wash and then I tumbled them for about an hour.” Jo Matthews wrote: “Yes, did mine the other day. Forty degree wash, one hour with a capful of conditioner and a capful of Zoflora, then line-dried. Came out beautifully.” Louise Stevenson suggested: “I do. Just on a normal wash at 40C, then tumble dry.” DON'T MISSCommon mowing mistake could be ‘turning your lawn yellow’ [INSIGHT]‘Best course of action’ to naturally get rid of crabgrass from lawns [UPDATE]Pillow cleaning: Use £1 hack to ‘soak up moisture and odours’ [ANALYSIS] Brontè Elizabeth Turner responded: “40C wash and hang on the line outside. I did that with my goose feather pillows.” Paula Jane Clift Ferguson said: “I wash mine, they are not feather pillows. “Wash on 40C and shake back into shape afterwards.” Mandy Cogan wrote: “I wash mine all the time in the machine.” Some Mrs Hinch fans said to avoid using fabric conditioner when washing pillows in the machine. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Others said to put the pillows in the machine on a 30C wash cycle. Some Mrs Hinch fans said certain pillows should not be washed in the machine. Gabriela Kowalski replied: “Not every pillow can go into washing machines but yes, I do mine without any problems.” Debbie Rowe said: “They go all lumpy so I buy new ones.” Miriam Burgess commented: “All depends what sort they are.” Ruth Green suggested: “I’ve tried washing feather and non-feather ones and they are always ruined despite choosing the gentlest wash. I don’t know where I go wrong.” Christina Jones said: “Read the label on the pillow as they can all be different. Depends what they are made out of.”