In a fiery probe over what the Conservatives had done to get the most out of Brexit opportunities, Andrew Castle pointed out how the country was stuck with the Northern Ireland Protocol – and had ultimately failed to fully deliver Brexit. Tom Tugendhat, a candidate in the Tory leadership contest, was left squirming as he could not give specifics of Brexit opportunities and how he would deal with the remaining outstanding issues related to Brexit. Amid the heavy losses suffered by the Conservative party in recent elections, LBC’s Andrew Castle began by asking: "Well, trust is not an easy thing to recover once it’s lost. And a reputation is difficult to regain once it’s lost as well. And you guys have been in power for absolutely ages." Tom Tugendhat admitted: "All of that is true." Andrew Castle slashed: "And we've got all these issues in front of us. And we see everybody sort of, you know, talking a good game." Mr Tugendhat squirmed: "Andrew, look, I mean don’t forget… all of that is true. "But actually, look at what this party has delivered. In fact, look at what Boris has delivered." Mr Tugendhat continued: "Boris has delivered Brexit. Right now, there’s still Northern Ireland to fix, I know that," he then conceded. A baffled Mr Castle lashed out: "Delivered Brexit?!" Mr Tugendhat hit back: "It was what was voted for in 2016. We have left the European Union. Andrew, it’s true." Mr Castle fired back: "Of course, Brexit’s happened." Mr Tugendhat said: "Well, there you go." READ MORE: Rishi Sunak speechless as Tugendhat exposes his real views Mr Castle retorted: "But have we taken advantage of anything?" Mr Tugendhat interjected: "We have." Mr Castle hit back: "How would you do that then?" Mr Tugendhat said: "That’s why I’ve been setting up ideas on things like solvency too and regulations, you know regulatory reforms." Tory candidate Tom Tugendhat has pledged to fix the Northern Ireland Protocol and safeguard the union but has so far failed to offer specifics. DON'T MISS:Tom Tugendhat channels DUMBLEDORE in bizarre debate moment [ANALYSIS]POLL: Who won first Tory leadership debate? VOTE HERE [POLL]‘I am the clean start!’ Tugendhat lays down why he should be next PM  [REPORT] The Remain campaigner told the Sunday Times the Protocol was a good "negotiation leverage" to push the EU further on easing checks. Speaking of how he would "reset" relations with Brussels, he said: "There are two things that are going to change that dynamic. The first is the bill. The second is a change of leader." For now, polls show Penny Mordaunt and Rishi Sunak are ahead of the race, with some putting Ms Mordaunt as the next Prime Minister. The next phase of the contest will take place on Monday with a third ballot will be held to eliminate another candidate. READ NEXT:Tory leadership: Penny Mordaunt confronted with 'massive hit job'Tugendhat to fight for survival in TV debates‘Backbencher with no Cabinet experience’ favoured by some Brits New PM should bring in immediate tax cut to avoid 'alienating' driversWhat are the next steps for Brexit? Every Tory leadership candidate