Northamptonshire Police have released a statement after two men were hospitaled by a fight that occurred at Silverstone on Friday. Eyewitness claimed to see 'blood and ear bites' during the scuffle, which resulted in four arrests. The statement reads: "Police officers are appealing for information following a fight at the Silverstone circuit which resulted in two men being taken to hospital. "The incident happened yesterday evening [July 1] between 5.45pm and 6pm near the Ferris Wheel when there was an altercation between a number of men with two of them being taken to hospital as a result. "Four men, aged 40, 35, 35, and 30, have been arrested in connection with this incident. The area was very busy at the time of the incident and officers are appealing for anyone who may have any mobile phone footage of what happened or anyone who witnessed what took place, to please make contact with them, either by approaching one of our officers at the circuit or by calling 101." According to Crash, eyewitnesses at the scene claimed to see blood and ear bites among the melee, which occurred shortly after the day's second F1 practice session. Ferrari's Carlos Sainz posted the fastest time in that session, trailed by the British duo of Lewis Hamilton and Lando Norris. Drivers were greeted by markedly more treacherous conditions on Saturday for the final practice session and qualifying, with heavy rain adding an element of danger. Four-time world champion Sebastian Vettel struggled to capitalise, going out in Q1 along with his Aston Martin team-mate, Lance Stroll, who finished rock bottom of the pack.  The supposedly gruesome fight may have tainted the weekend's action somewhat for those that witnessed it, with Silverstone one of the most hotly-anticipated tracks on the F1 calendar. That's from a drivers' perspective as well as the fans, with Englishman George Russell desperate to top the pile in his Mercedes, which team engineers feel could be well-suited to the circuit. "It would mean a huge amount, but I want my first podium at Silverstone to be on the top step, so that's what I am absolutely going for," he told Beyond the Grid podcast. "Not that I'd back off on the last lap if I'm second or third to not be on the podium, but Silverstone has such a fond place in my heart; it's where I won my first ever race, it's where I did my first-ever race as well, won it, first race! It's where I did my first ever test in a Formula 1 car."