Former Liverpool defender Steve Nicol has claimed that Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag may get “a word in his ear” over his comments to the media, after the Dutch coach named Harry Maguire as his captain during a press conference and offered the under-fire skipper a vote of confidence. Ten Hag backed his captain and claimed that the England defender “has achieved a lot of success” to reporters, but Nicol believes he is only giving the press more ammunition later in the season and that he will be warned by the club over his comments. “When you are the coach and you are sat at the press conference, you don’t answer anybody’s question,” Nicol told ESPN. “You don’t, you tell them what you want them to know. “You don’t answer questions, you don’t be open and honest. He has shown a little bit of naivety here, answering questions openly and honestly. He has got no obligation to tell them anything other than whatever he fancies telling them. Keep your cards close to your chest, tell them nothing, get through your press conference and move on. “All they are doing is loading their guns with ammo, so three games into the season it’s ‘Why did you make Harry Maguire captain when you knew he was rubbish last year?’ JUST IN: Newcastle may grant Isak's Premier League wish on one condition “I am sick of saying it, keep your mouth closed, get through the press conference, tell them nothing because it is easy. Somebody is going to have to have a word in his ear, because it is going to come back and bite him that’s for sure.” There had been some controversy over United’s captain for next season amid calls to replace Maguire with Cristiano Ronaldo or Bruno Fernandes but Ten Hag squashed those rumours during a press conference in Bangkok. "Harry Maguire is the captain," Ten Hag said ahead of their 4-0 friendly win over Liverpool on Tuesday. "He's an established captain, he's achieved a lot of success, so I don't doubt this issue." DON'T MISS: Man Utd falling short of 'rebuild' Rangnick demanded amid frustration (INSIGHT)Barcelona 'seal Raphinha deal' despite financial turmoil (TRANSFERS)Ten Hag slams 'mistakes' in warning to Man Utd despite Liverpool rout (NEWS) DON'T MISS MORE TRANSFER GOSSIPAjax 'respond' to improved £43m Man Utd transfer offer for Lisandro MartinezErik ten Hag 'overruled Man Utd recruitment team' on separate signing to Lisandro MartinezTransfer news LIVE: Man Utd agree De Jong fee, Ajax in Martinez meeting, Chelsea £34m deal  Amid rumours that Ronaldo may leave Old Trafford this summer, Ten Hag also clearly stated his position on whether he would like to keep the Portuguese legend at the club. "He is not with us due to personal issues,” Ten Hag told reporters. “We are planning with Cristiano Ronaldo for this season. That is it. I am looking forward to working with him. Cristiano is not for sale. He is in our plans. We want success together." Ten Hag also revealed that he had spoken to the 37-year-old, but would not expand further on what they talked about. "I had a good talk [with Ronaldo]," Ten Hag said. "That is between Cristiano and me, what I can confirm is we had a really good conversation together."