The unions point to figures showing that pay growth in the private sector was five times that in the public sector in the year to May. But this is misleading. Private sector pay is recovering from having been forced down during the pandemic. Public sector pay, by contrast, remained broadly stable. Moreover, private sector pay is clearly adjusting to changes in demand for different types of worker – with big increases for skills in short supply – HGV drivers and IT specialists - and smaller ones in areas where business is contracting. It is understandable that, with inflation rising, workers resist a fall in their living standards. But large across-the-board increases for public sector workers would be a mistake. Public sector workers still earn more on average than private sector workers. They have better pensions, better working conditions, longer holidays, shorter hours and more secure jobs. In some areas discipline is weak, and absenteeism rates far exceed those in the private sector. Big pay increases for all in the public sector have the potential to raise inflationary expectations, and ‘bake in’ similar future pay hikes. They would add to already out-of-control public spending and borrowing, making tighter monetary contraction and higher interest rates more likely. The danger is that this might bring about a recession and an end to the high level of employment we are currently enjoying.  Indiscriminate pay increases with no strings attached would also make it more difficult to bring about reforms to outmoded working practices on Network Rail, in the Civil Service and in our creaking National Health Service. These are necessary to improve poor levels of productivity within the public sector, which have knock-on effects on the private sector and hold back the country’s economic performance.  Without continuing improvements in productivity, real pay increases cannot be sustained for any length of time. We have an elaborate system of pay reviews for key public sector workers in, drawing on independent expertise and careful research. For example, the police, teachers and the NHS, and other ways of giving appropriate advice to government departments, devolved and local administrations. The review bodies have announced their advice, and we should not reject it too easily. In the medium term, we should be looking at ways to reduce public spending and enable tax cuts which would help raise real after-tax incomes for all, rather than buying off union militancy at the taxpayer's expense. Professor Len Shackleton is Editorial and Research Fellow at free market think tank the Institute of Economic Affairs.