Strictly Come Dancing professional Giovanni Pernice joined Nick Grimshaw and Angela Harnett OBE on their brand-new weekly podcast, Dish. Giovanni discussed his friendship with former dancer and Strictly judge Anton Du Beke, as well as the BBC One show winning a BAFTA. However, he was left stunned when Angela and Nick revealed that they had both been offered the chance to take part. Discussing the upcoming 20th season of the hit dance competition, Giovanni commented: "Well, for us, for us starting July. "For you guys, when you're both gonna sign up for Strictly, obviously, because you're both going to sign up for Strictly." Nick joked: "Weird that we didn't get called this year? Did you?" to which Angela paused and teased: "Actually…" "No, you didn't! Did you?" Nick exclaimed, with Giovanni just as surprised, adding: "Did you really?" READ MORE: America’s Got Talent: Simon Cowell in tears watching Nightbirde Angela revealed: "I got an email the other day. The thing is, though, no disrespect to you at all, if you want me on Strictly, you've gotta ask me now for next year. I'm already on holiday, I'm walking in Peru." Teasing his co-star, Nick quipped: "She's busy," with Angela continuing the joke: "I've got things in the diary." Keen to see them both on the show, Giovanni exclaimed: "I think you should have, both of you. I mean, I'm sure they asked you like a couple of times already." Nick revealed: "I have been asked, but you know, Peru. I'm always in Peru every September to Christmas. "No, do you know what? I would like to do it, but we were talking about it this morning, and I was like, you can't do it half-a***d. "You've gotta go and be like, right, this is my focus now for months, every single day, I'm gonna be committed, I'm ready to be taught… and I'm not ready. "My boyfriend's a dancer, and he's like quite up for me doing it," he revealed, shocking Angela, who asked: "Really?" Nick explained: "Yeah, I'm not allowed to ever be tired, 'cause he's a dancer. So, if I'm like, 'I'm so tired,' he's like 'What, from talking?', and I'm like, 'Well, I'm tired,' and he's like, 'Oh, from the radio? D'you play a few songs?' Cause you know, it's such a physically demanding, exhausting job, you know, six days a week he's training and dancing. DON'T MISS...A Place in the Sun guests left speechless at 'winner' property [LATEST]Coronation Street theory: Double murder for Kelly and Aadi  [INSIGHT]Coronation Street 'work out’ Imran Habeeb 'faked death'  [WATCH] "So, he wants me to do it, not for me to like fall in love with dance," as Giovanni interrupted: "But just to realise what he goes through." Touching on why she would want to take part, Angela revealed: "I would do it for two reasons. One, I would love to learn to dance, I would. "And I imagine when you go to a wedding back in Sicily, they still do the proper, you know, old school. "And I think you'd lose a lot of weight, honestly, from a selfish point of view. That's the other reason I'd like to do it." Cutting them both off, Giovanni asked when they were going to do it, with the pair getting excited about the prospect of them competing in the same year. Angela excitedly commented: "Oh yeah. Well, next year, let's commit to next year. We'll have to do the podcast on the other side." Giovanni teased: "Exclusive for everybody listening to the podcast." Giovanni won the series last year with EastEnders actress Rose Ayling-Ellis, who made Strictly history being the first deaf contestant on the show. Dish, the new podcast from Waitrose & Partners hosted by Nick Grimshaw and Angela Hartnett, is available on all podcast providers now.