As an ardently pro-Brexit MEP at the time, I found myself up against her in the BBC East live televised debate as the campaign neared its climax. She did not perform well – and to judge by her poor showing in last week’s Channel 4 live leaders’ debate such formats are still not her forte. A couple of weeks after the referendum, Ms Truss staged a grand about-turn, announcing she had become a convinced Brexiteer. I snorted with derision at the time. And yet I find myself now hoping, along with many other Leave campaigners, that she beats Rishi Sunak in the final round of the race to become Tory leader and prime minister – even though Mr Sunak was nominally on our side. Why? Well, for starters, at least Ms Truss recognised that the referendum was a profound moment in our democratic life and understood her responsibility as a senior elected politician to engage with it fully. So she argued her case and when her side lost she got behind the verdict of the people. And unlike many elite Remainers who spent years trying to hijack Brexit, she has been as good as her word about accepting the result and pledging to make the best of it. This straightforward approach distinguished her from many of her Cabinet colleagues at the time, from Theresa May who backed Remain in a very low-key way – presumably so as not to damage her future leadership chances – to Sajid Javid who claimed he did think Britain should leave the EU but it was the wrong time to do so and that was why he had decided to back Remain.  Mr Sunak himself came out for Leave but did almost no campaigning, a sign that at such an important juncture his primary consideration was not burning his bridges with the Cameron regime. So the fact that in the intervening six years, Ms Truss has overseen new trade deals made possible by Brexit and become the leading minister battling to force the EU to accept reforms to the Northern Ireland protocol should tell us that of the two surviving prime ministerial candidates she is the one who can best be trusted not to drag us back into the orbit of Brussels. Mr Sunak, by contrast, is said to have spent his final few weeks as chancellor frustrating the efforts of colleagues such as Ms Truss and Attorney General Suella Braverman to get tough with the European Commission. That is no doubt why he is flavour of the month with pro-EU media outlets and pro-Remain Tory MPs such as Jeremy Hunt. This is not the only reason Ms Truss is to be preferred. On economic policy, she has shown the guts to break with the Treasury orthodoxy, calling for tax cuts to incentivise growth, improve living standards and stave off the threat of recession. For his part, Mr Sunak is merely promising more of the same behind-the-curve economics he delivered this year. On important issues such as the Rwanda removals policy, Ms Truss is fully on board, even ready to contemplate taking Britain out of the jurisdiction of the European Court of Human Rights if that is what it takes to make it happen. Mr Sunak, meanwhile, plays lip-service to the policy, leaving wriggle room to drop it if he becomes PM.  Since it emerged that he held a US green card until October, marking an intent to move there full-time at some stage, and that his wife made use of non-domicile status to reduce her UK tax liabilities, Mr Sunak’s rhetoric about bearing the cost of Covid being a responsibility “on all of us” has rung pretty hollow too. As a member of a household worth nearly £1billion, it does not look good to learn he was levying taxes on the rest of us that his own family were not fully exposed to at the time. After the result of Wednesday’s final round of balloting among Tory MPs put him through to the final two in top spot, Mr Sunak made a video claiming that he was “the only candidate” who could beat Labour. That was not merely arrogant, but also deeply disrespectful to Ms Truss. Should she win and become PM, which she is on course to do, then Mr Sunak will have branded her and his party inevitable losers of the next general election. Liz Truss may not be the slickest communicator and may have changed her position on a good few issues down the years, but she has shown sufficient grit to make Mr Sunak’s prediction a risible one. She can beat him and then beat Labour too. 