Speaking to former adviser to Boris Johnson Alex Crowley on GB News, Mr Farage slated Mr Cummings for being “vile” and said he was “genuinely astonished” when he found out about Mr Johnson’s appointment. Mr Crowley, asked how much “damage” he believed Mr Cummings had done to the Prime Minister's time in No 10, said he had only been hired because Mr Johnson “panicked because he did not have a plan” for the country and how to push Brexit through.    Mr Farage said: “The one thing that shocked me in those early days, when the team was being put together to go into No 10, I was genuinely astonished to see Dominic Cummins taking a senior position. “Because it had seemed to be from my interactions with him, and looking back at the history, I mean David Cameron had warned about this guy, that it was just a gross error in judgement. “Just how destructive do you think Mr Cummings was? “I mean, I am looking at his Twitter feed today and it is vile. It is all negative. How much damage do you think Cummings did to Mr Johnson?”    Mr Crowley said: “An awful lot. He brought Cummings in because he panicked. He panicked because he did not have a plan and he did not know what to do. “So, literally days before he took office, he panicked and he called Cummings, who of course brought his own team and his own agenda. “That’s when there was a team of advisors who were meant to go in who were not part of Cummings’ team and suddenly therefore were no longer part of the tribe.” READ MORE: ‘Not surprised’: Pincher’s reputation common knowledge, say insiders [REVEAL]   Mr Cummings released a torrent of criticism and warning over the Prime Minister’s resignation today via social media. The former Downing Street aide claimed the PM would “cause carnage” if he is allowed to remain as caretaker while the Conservative Party look for a new leader. He wrote on Twitter: "Evict TODAY or he'll cause CARNAGE, even now he's playing for time & will try to stay. "No 'dignity', no 'interim’ while leadership contest. Raab shd be interim PM by evening." DON'T MISS: Biden snubs Boris by swerving tribute on resignation day [REVEAL] Boris was right to try and stay, his departure will be damaging [INSIGHT] Hopefuls MUST learn from Boris’s demise says says ESTHER McVEY [OPINION]   Despite Mr Farage and Mr Cowley’s scathing remarks about Mr Cummings, there were others that concurred with the former aides comments, not in the least being former Tory prime minister Sir John Major. Sir John said Boris Johnson should be replaced immediately rather than be allowed to remain as a caretaker leader because his cabinet may struggle to "restrain him", amid wider calls for him to be removed now. In a letter to Sir Graham Brady, the chair of the 1922 Committee, Sir John said: "The proposal for the Prime Minister to remain in office - for up to three months - having lost the support of his cabinet, his government and his parliamentary party is unwise, and may be unsustainable. "Some will argue that his new cabinet will restrain him. I merely note that his previous cabinet did not - or could not - do so." READ NEXT: Piers Morgan mocks Tory MP for not ‘acknowledging reality’ over PM bidMichael Gove 'revenge' sacking 'going down badly' with Tory MPs Express readers rally behind 'betrayed Boris'Ben Wallace stance: New PM hopeful's voting recordLabour Party 'in danger' if Tories elect Sajid Javid party leader 