Craig is presenting the ITV lifestyle show this week alongside Josie Gibson. Craig kept cutting in with witty remarks following a This Morning fashion segment but guest chef Gok Wan didn't appreciate the constant puns and eventually walked off the show, exasperated at the presenter while his colleague pleaded with him to come back.  Earlier in the programme, stylist Louise Roe announced the fashion segment would focus on nautical outfits. She asked the presenters to come up with some seaside related puns and Craig got a little carried away. The 51-year-old wouldn't let it go as he commented: "The key to wearing that clothing is to make sure you master... mast..." He grinned as his co-host replied: "Oh, he's still going?" READ MORE: Harry and Meghan 'not showing love' claims royal author Levin Shaking his head, fashion guru Gok commented: "My God, honestly." "No? No?" Craig remarked, apologising to the disapproving chef: "Sorry Gok, I'm really sorry." "This is a morning of my life I'm not going to get back if you carry on," the 47-year-old went on. Changing the subject, Craig stated: "Lovely smells coming from your side of the studio there, Gok." "Oh thanks!" he responded. "We have got the best lunch coming up! "Chicken curry chips and fried rice, but the thing is, I'm doing it the Gok way. "So we're going to take out some of the guilt, but we're gonna keep in all the flavour! "I just had to shimmy as I said that, flavour. It's terrible, isn't it?" DON'T MISS... Ackley Bridge star reflects on appearance change during role takeover [EXCLUSIVE]Christine Hamilton demands NHS charge hospital inpatients [LATEST]Charlotte Hawkins blasts cost of Eurovision ‘Don’t have THAT much' [VIDEO] He assured viewers: "I'm never gonna do that on TV again, I promise." Unfortunately for Gok, Craig still wasn't done with the nautical jokes. "Do you know what'd be lovely with hat? Glass of port," he quipped. "Oh, it's getting so bad now, Craig," Josie complained.  Fed up, Gok strode away, remarking: "Honestly... I'm going, that's it, enough." He walked out of view of the camera and off set as Craig replied: "Do you know his problem? He's too stern!" He laughed as he mockingly banged on the table while Josie pleaded with Gok: "Come back, please!" This Morning airs weekdays from 10am on ITV.