The cleaning expert, who’s also known as the Queen of Clean on Instagram, grated the bar of soap and put it into little mesh bags. The mesh bags can then be put in suitcases, bedroom drawers or hung up in wardrobes. The grated bar of soap can also be put into a bottle with warm water to create liquid soap. She said: “Shake well and then leave an hour before using. “Can be used if you run out of laundry detergent. “Pour into your dispenser compartment.” Grated soap can also be put into smelly trainers to give them a fresher smell. READ MORE: Laundry items to ‘avoid’ putting in the washing machine - ‘damaging’ Before putting them back on, knock out the soap. Bars of soap can also be used to unstick a zipper. Swipe a bar of soap directly onto the trouser zipper to unstick it. If you’re sick of foggy mirrors, a bar of soap is a good hack for preventing this from happening.  DON'T MISSInside Kate Middleton and William's new home with 'unique features' [INSIGHT]Pippa Middleton lives in £17m home in Chelsea - perfect for new baby [UPDATE]Move houseplants today to avoid 'damaging' hot weather killing them [ANALYSIS] The soap can be rubbed over a dry mirror and then buffed away using a microfibre cloth. The Queen of Clean wrote in a caption for the video: “Don’t abandon that old fashioned bar of soap that is sat in your bathroom cupboard because it can do some fabulous things around your home. “Here are a few of my top tips. “Pop in mesh bags to keep your drawers smelling fresh. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “Make up your own liquid soap you never know when you’re going to run out of laundry detergent and this is an amazing quick fix. “Twenty grams to 150ml of warm water. Shake well-allow the particles to dissolve and sit for an hour before use. “Prevent fogging on mirrors and shower screens, ensure you rub onto a completely dry surface and then simply buff away. “Freshen up your trainers but don’t forget to brush out before you wear them again.”  The post received more than 2,700 likes and plenty of comments from fans. Karen Sharrock said: “We’ve gone back to old fashioned soap bars on our cut down on plastic effort. “I actually much prefer it, lasts so long and froths up a treat! Now I have some more useful tips for it - great!” One user called @homeorganised_at_no10 replied: “Such great tips, I used to put a bar of Dove soap in the shoe cupboard - it smelled amazing. “My gran used to also tell me to rub soap on food stains and it would lift it off too. “Who doesn’t love a soap hack Lynsey have a great day.”