Currently, households are experiencing a £693 hike to their energy bills compared to last year with a further increase set in stone for October. With the price cap forecast to reach £3500 in the coming months, consumer experts are sounding the alarm that families are heading for a “winter disaster” if there is no further intervention from suppliers and retailers. Mohsin Rashid, the co-founder of consumer champion ZIPZERO, warned that the current assistance being offered by energy providers in light of the rise in bills is “inadequate and temporary”. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, he said: “Although some retailers and industries have begun to offer support, for the most part, these are inadequate and temporary. “Much like the government’s cost-of-living measures, these come in the form of one-off payments that fail to address the longstanding impact of rising energy prices. “The public is aware that such rises have been compounded by supply chain issues, borrowing in the pandemic and the war in Ukraine. “However, they are also aware that these issues have no immediate end in sight, begging the question of why the support offered so far is all temporary? READ MORE: State pensioners may be able to increase sum by up to £14.75 weekly “We need long-term solutions, backed by the Government, retailers, brands and energy providers. Such solutions are the only way to build consumer confidence and avoid a winter disaster.” In the short-term, the energy expert suggested what suppliers can be doing to direct their attention to the needs of their customers who are struggling. Mr Rashid added: “Many energy providers have launched emergency funds, with some allowing flexibility in payments. But more creative, substantial and long-term solutions are needed. “For instance, at the moment, retailers and brands are spending approximately £27billion on digital marketing. And this figure is rising each year.  “This money, which is spent with tech giants like Google and Facebook, could be redirected into the hands – or rather the pockets – of customers in the form of cash rewards from their everyday shopping, helping them to pay for their soaring energy bills. Consumers should be beneficial economic participants in this digital economy they underpin.” On top of the rise in energy bills, households are having to cope with inflation hitting 9.4 percent. This represents a 40-year high and the rate is expected to exceed 10 percent by the end of the year. On what families can do in light of these economic circumstances, Mr Rashid explained: “Rising inflation is placing many UK households under significant financial strain. “Sadly, even greater danger lies ahead. The energy price cap will rise again in October, and as we move into winter and the heating gets turned on, millions will plunge into fuel poverty.  READ MORE: ‘Game over!’ Woman, 42, watches as hackers steal £10,000 in attack  “People should heed such warnings and try to strengthen their financial position as much as possible before winter. A full audit of one’s finances – everything coming in and everything going out – is crucial. This could highlight potential savings. “Those able to take advantage of energy savings in summer to prepare for a stark rise in the winter. Households can also take advantage of price comparison sites that allow them to compare the cost of all major utilities and necessities such as food and energy.” The energy expert noted how consumers still have the opportunity to shop around for better deals despite the cost of living crisis. He added: “Savvy shopping could make a huge difference, too. Using platforms that offer cash rewards for purchases or allow you to earn money back by scanning receipts, can offer much-needed financial breathing room. “However, for some, tightening the purse strings or cutting back on expenditure will simply not be enough to combat the rapidly rising cost of living. Those struggling the most should seek support from charities such as Citizen’s Advice. “Those who do need such support should remember that responsibility does not lie with them but with a lack of effective solutions. There is a desperate need for a collaborative and long-term strategy from energy providers, government and retailers.”