On the day a new report suggested Russia is losing the economic battle with the West and faces financial ruin, Vladimir Putin’s forces intensified their bombing campaign overnight. Five people were killed and 26 injured when Kremlin missiles struck the central city of Kropyvnytskyi, officials said.  Three people also died in Bakhmut, in the east. Near the capital Kyiv, 15 people were hurt at a military base. In Kropyvnytskyi - the capital of the Kirovohrad region - a flight school was hit by two Russian missiles, regional head Andriy Raikovych said at a briefing. In Bakhmut, which lies in the eastern Donetsk region, at least three people were killed and another three injured in Russian shelling, regional head Pavlo Kyrylenko said. Some 12 residential buildings were damaged. Separately, 15 people were hurt when six Russian Kalibr missiles hit a military base in Liutizh, about 10km (six miles) north of the capital Kyiv, senior Ukrainian military official Oleksiy Hromov said. He did not specify whether there were any deaths. Elsewhere, one person was killed and two injured in Russian shelling of Ukraine’s central-eastern Dnipropetrovsk region, local officials said. Ukraine’s northern and southern regions were also hit, with the city of Kharkiv targeted once again, authorities confirmed. Kharkiv mayor Ihor Terekhov said a central part of the northeastern city was hit, including a two-story building and a higher educational institution. Terekhov said the strike occurred just after 4am. “The State Emergency Service is already working - they are sorting out the rubble, looking for people under them,” he said in a Telegram update.  Ukraine’s state emergency service also issued an update on the situation in Kharkiv. It said on Telegram: “At night, the enemy launched a rocket attack on the city of Kharkiv. An educational institution and a two-story residential building were partially destroyed, as well as nearby buildings were damaged. A fire broke out in a two-story residential building, which was promptly extinguished by rescuers. “In the Borivskyi community, rescuers put out a fire in a field with wheat on an area of 5 hectares. In addition, a man was injured in one of the cases of enemy hits on a residential high-rise building in the city of Chuhuiv.” The renewed onslaught from Vladimir Putin’s forces came as Ukraine sought to isolate Russian troops in the country’s south. And Ukrainian planes also struck five Russian strongholds around Kherson, its military claimed. Kyiv said it had also retaken some small settlements on the Kherson region’s northern edge. The Ukrainian counteroffensive in the country’s south is “gathering momentum”, according to British defence and intelligence officials. And there was more bad news for Putin as new report suggested Russia’s economy is in catastrophic and irrevocable decline even as it cuts off the gas supply to Europe. While the Kremlin leader causes panic in European governments by throttling gas supplies, the strategy is unsustainable for the dictator as he burns through reserves and his budget goes into deficit.  This is the verdict from a Yale-authored report that looked beyond the Kremlin’s cherry-picked economic figures to access private Russian language and other unconventional data sources. And it made grim reading for Putin. “Defeatist headlines arguing that Russia’s economy has bounced back are simply not factual,” the report concluded. “The facts are that, by any metric and on any level, the Russian economy is reeling, and now is not the time to step on the brakes.” Russia is also making very slow progress on the ground. With respect to the ongoing battle for Kherson, UK defence officials said the only Ukrainian regional capital seized since the start of the Russian invasion on 24 February is now “virtually cut off from other occupied territories”. But the Ukrainian military has warned that Moscow is now redeploying its forces from eastern Ukraine to defend the Kherson region. On Friday, the UK Ministry of Defence also warned that the shadowy Russian private military firm Wagner has now likely been allocated responsibility for specific sectors of the front line in eastern Ukraine.  However, the reason for this may be that Russia is facing a major shortage of combat infantry. In an intelligence briefing, the MoD said: “Since March, Russian private military company (PMC) Wagner Group has operated in eastern Ukraine in coordination with the Russian military. “Wagner has likely been allocated responsibility for specific sectors of the front line, in a similar manner to normal army units.” And the spokesman added: “This is a significant change from the previous employment of the group since 2015, when it typically undertook missions distinct from overt, large-scale regular Russian military activity. “This new level of integration further undermines the Russian authorities’ long-standing policy of denying links between PMCs and the Russian state.” The MoD added that Wagner’s forces are highly unlikely to be sufficient to make a significant difference in the trajectory of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. 