A pamphlet distributed by the Conservative party stated that while many could not vote for the party due to Boris Johnson, the Camden Conservatives have “listened” to the fears of the electorate. On Thursday, Boris Johnson resigned as the leader of the Conservative party, days after the party saw a series of resignations from the Cabinet Ministers.  The pamphlet further said: “It took longer than we wanted but MESSAGE RECEIVED. The Conservatives have listened and Boris Johnson has resigned. “We now ask us to come back to us and give us another chance. “It’s ok to vote for Conservative again, starting today in Hampstead town. Please vote for Alex Andrews.” Hampstead's vacant seat has returned to a Liberal Democrat candidate for the second time in a fiercely fought by-election.   Cllr Linda Chung won Hampstead Town's by-election with 919 votes. Conservative Alex Andrews came in second with 620 on the day that Boris Johnson announced he was stepping down. Labour's Alexandra Sufit was third with 559 votes. Green Party's Patrick McGinnis received 104 votes, followed by independent candidates Jonathan Livingstone (44) and Peter McGinty (1). READ MORE: Caravan owners 'forced off' holiday site by new rule  This comes as Boris Johnson promised not to make any big policy decisions that would tie the hands of whoever the Conservative Party chooses to replace him as Prime Minister. Downing Street has said the Government will focus solely on delivering policies that have already been agreed. Mr Johnson is appointing ministers to fill the roles vacated by the mass walkout that helped trigger his departure. He has insisted the government will not “take its foot off the gas” when it comes to delivering on its manifesto commitments, reported the BBC. DON'T MISS:Ukraine LIVE: Putin rocked as Zelensky's paras destroy 12 tanks ‘Hopeless!’ Loyal aide quits in blow for Biden Japan ex-PM Shinzo Abe dies after being shot Boris Johnson freely admits that the cost of living crisis is the biggest domestic challenge his government faces. Before he announced his resignation, he had been expected to hold regular press conferences to highlight what the Government was doing to help. These will not now happen, Downing Street said. 