The Duke of York, 62, appears in a list of appointments to the monarch in an official Ministry of Defence document released weeks after he settled his civil sex assault case. Palace sources say Andrew remains in the honorary position which is within the gift of the Queen. The role, which has few duties, is bestowed on members of the Royal Family holding military rank. Prince Charles, Prince William and Prince Edward are also among royals who have been appointed. But an insider said the Duke holding on to the position has "raised a few eyebrows". It comes after he was stripped of his military titles earlier this year as he faced a lawsuit brought against him in the US by Jeffrey Epstein accuser Virginia Giuffre. A source told the Sun: “The fact Andrew is still an aide-de-camp is clearly a matter for the Queen. “However, a few eyebrows have been raised that he should still hold this position but not the others.” Andrew lost his military titles and royal patronages in January ahead of the settlement of his civil sex assault case. He also agreed to stop using his HRH style. Buckingham Palace said in a statement at the time: "With the Queen's approval and agreement, the Duke of York's military affiliations and Royal patronages have been returned to the Queen. READ MORE: Prince Andrew had 'intimate relationship' with Ghislaine Maxwell "The Duke of York will continue not to undertake any public duties and is defending this case as a private citizen." Andrew's reputation has been severely tarnished by his involvement in the civil sexual assault case. He has always strenuously denied Ms Giuffre's allegations and the settlement was not an admission of guilt on his part. DON'T MISSHow Prince Andrew was lured into Newsnight interviewPrince Harry and Prince Andrew Counsellor of State roles blastedPrince Andrew blasted in attack by ex-Royal police officer Ms Giuffre sued the Duke for allegedly sexually assaulting her when she was a teenager. She claims she was trafficked by billionaire paedophile Epstein to have sex with Andrew when she was 17 and a minor under US law. The Queen's second son insisted he had no recollection of ever meeting her during his disastrous Newsnight interview in 2019. However the fallout from the TV interview led to him stepping back from royal duties shortly afterwards. There have been recent reports that Andrew is eyeing up a royal comeback. However, a "family decision" forced him to remain out of sight during Garter Day last month - one of the most colourful events in the royal calendar. Heir to the throne Charles and William are said to have lobbied the monarch about her second son's participation. It comes after a backlash when he played a front and centre role escorting his mother to Prince Philip's memorial service earlier this year. 