Below Deck Down Under has taken its drama onto dry land when Chef Ryan revealed he didn’t regret making snide comments towards crew member Aesha. The controversial character was questioned about his actions during the Bravo show’s reunion special. Chef Ryan McKeown has stirred the pot in more ways than one during this season of Below Deck. Slammed by fans for being lazy and non-committal to the job, they called for his firing more than once. Ruffling feathers and causing waves on the seas, the chef’s biggest feud was with Chief Stew Aesha Scott and ended with choice words being exchanged. The spat between colleagues became so disruptive, Captain Jason was called in to ease tensions. READ MORE: ‘Floundering’ Harry’s US ambitions savaged by Sharon Osbourne Claiming the interior boss had no life outside the show, Ryan dismissed suggestions he should apologise for his comments. The tension between the pair of yachties erupted in the sixth episode of the show over muesli. Ryan shouted at Aesha for not being prepared for charter guest requests as the kitchen lacked any breakfast cereal to serve the paying customers. Following his disagreement with Aesha, the chef then rocked the boat with stewardess Magda Ziomek. Calling her out for being two-faced, Ryan disliked the stewardess’s relationship with her chief stew and made his feelings known aggressively by shouting in her face. Reducing Aesha to tears, the manager is seen sobbing in her cabin saying: “I really pride myself on how hard I work." Not quite done burning bridges, Captain Jason was next on the chef’s hit list, however this fight didn’t quite go in Ryan’s favour. The heated exchange resulted in the calm and collected captain losing his cool, exclaiming: “No, no, now listen, I don't want your attitude. DON'T MISS...Below Deck Down Under: Chef Ryan tested by guest’s bizarre request [INSIGHT]Below Deck Down Under's Chef Ryan speaks out on 'villain' casting [INSIGHT]Below Deck Down Under's Jamie addresses Magda dating rumours [INSIGHT] “I'm your captain. If you want to bring it up three decibels, I'll bring it up to four!" After a season of arguments and unrest, the chef showed up to the reunion special and landed himself in the fans’ hot seat. When asked whether or not he regretted his behaviour towards Aesha and the social media spat that followed with another Below Deck franchise cast member, he simply responded with a clear denial. Ryan said: “First off I didn't even know who Hannah was. I actually had to Google it before I did any of my online, you know. “And then do I regret saying that? No, she's a Bravo queen and they’ll keep it that way.” Below Deck Down Under follows a crew of passionate yachties onboard the My Thalassa. Filmed in Australia's tropical Whitsunday Islands and Great Barrier Reef, the series captures the deck crew as they try to balance personal lives with professional yachting. Watch Below Deck Down Under season one on either Sky TV or NOW TV.