Erik ten Hag is pressing Manchester United to increase offers for Ajax pair Lisandro Martinez and Antony, according to reports. The duo are both targets for the Dutchman, who has developed them well over in Amsterdam. However, at the current moment in time, their potential moves to Old Trafford are in doubt. Manchester United are now looking at other targets as well as negotiating for Frenkie de Jong, who is reluctant to leave Barcelona. And both Martinez and Antony are on their radar, with Ten Hag previously managing the pair at Ajax. United, at the current moment in time, are yet to agree a fee with Ajax for two of their best players - despite their determination to make the move to Old Trafford. And the Times say Ten Hag is pressing the Red Devils into ‘increasing their offers’ for the duo amid his determination to bolster the squad. United have offered roughly £42.3million for Martinez, who is also a top target for Mikel Arteta over at Arsenal. With Ajax keen to get as much money as possible for the 24-year-old, however, they’re not willing to accept that bid. Man Utd transfers: The mouthwatering XI to tackle Brighton with 5 new signings United have also offered £50m for Antony, who is seen as a player who can breathe new life into their frontline. But Ajax want to bring in a combined £101m for the pair and are refusing to budge on their asking prices as a result. Ten Hag has now reportedly intervened, with the United boss eager to get more fresh faces in the door following the arrival of Tyrell Malacia from Feyenoord. The Netherlands international had looked set to move to Lyon, who had agreed a fee with the Eredivisie outfit. But Malacia ended up joining United instead, becoming the first signing of the Ten Hag era in the process. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Man Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leave Man Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong Both Antony and Martinez want to join United, with Ajax also hoping to bring in replacements for the duo before they agree to a parting of the ways. With the Dutch titans being firm in negotiations, however, Ten Hag has responded by contacting Brian Brobbey. Brobbey was loaned to Ajax by RB Leipzig last term and scored seven goals from 11 games during a successful stint back at the club where he started his career. However, Ajax are hopeful of signing Brobbey on a permanent basis and a move to Old Trafford presently looks complicated as a result. It’s also unclear whether or not he’d be interested in a move to the Red Devils, despite joking about the matter earlier in the year. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. The report adds that United are struggling to lure De Jong to the club, too. They’ve agreed a fee with Barcelona but the Netherlands international is reluctant to leave the Nou Camp, where he’s spent the last three years. And whether United can add to the signing of Malacia with deals for Martinez, Antony and De Jong remains to be seen. Meanwhile, Ten Hag has opened up on his short period at United so far and the impact of coaches Mitchell van der Gaag and Steve McClaren. On Van der Gang, he said: “I think, both Steve McClaren and him, he is a coach from the moment he was born. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “Mitchell van der Gaag also had a lot of experience. First, as a player, he played many games in the highest levels in different leagues and, after that, he became coach, also in different countries, at different levels. “So, he gained a lot of experience and most important for these two is they know how to win because they proved it in the past.” And, on McClaren, he added: “Of course, and that is also a part of the reason I really wanted him. “Of course, he has other competences and capabilities but the fact that he knows the club, I think, is a big advantage for us. “Although it was a long time ago, he still knows the culture of Manchester United.” Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team