Ant and Dec are one of the most famous presenting duos to appear on our screens, having dominated a string of ITV shows for much of their careers. While both enjoy a more quiet life off-screen, Declan Donnelly recently revealed that his small family of three is now a busier family of four. In a sweet announcement posted just yesterday, the 46-year-old announced the birth of his second child with his wife of seven years, but where exactly does the Donnelly family live? Here’s a look inside the presenter’s modern London property that he shares with his wife and children. Despite his famous Newcastle roots, Declan Donnelly has since started a new life in the leafy London suburbs. The TV star can be found in the West London district of Chiswick when he’s not spending time in the ITV studios. Situated just alongside the River Thames, the stunning city location is best known for its wide range of cafes, restaurants, bars, and of course, its luxurious properties. READ MORE: Declan Donnelly pays tribute to co-star Ant and father with son's nam Dec lives in the Grove Park area, located in the borough of Hounslow. According to Rightmove’s latest estimates, the average property price in this region fetches a staggering £864,000, though the Saturday Night Takeaway presenters both enjoy much more expensive homes. Mr Donnelly reportedly made the move to the desired spot in 2006, when he purchased the sizeable property that he lives in now. The seven-bedroom house was worth a considerable sum back then, coming in at £1.9million, though it is now thought to be worth around £5million. He shares the Chiswick mansion with his wife Ali Astall and their two young children, Isla and Jack. The couple has been married since 2015, though their relationship is known to have blossomed two years prior to their official nuptials. Ali and Dec finally made their marriage official in August 2015 in a private ceremony at St Michael's Roman Catholic Church, Elswick. In 2018, the pair welcomed Isla Elizabeth Anne. Over the weekend, the loved-up couple shared that Ali had given birth to a boy, whom they described as “as a very welcome ray of light”. Using the official Ant and Dec Twitter account on Sunday evening, Dec tweeted: “Shortly before 10am yesterday, 23.7.2022, Ali and I welcomed the arrival of our son, Jack Anthony Alphonsus, a very welcome ray of light. He is wonderful and Isla is beyond excited to be a big sister! D x”. The picture posted by Donnelly showed his newborn son's hand wrapped around one of his father's fingers. DONT MISS:Britons urged to avoid leaving common 'clue' to burglars [REVEAL]Fern Britton delighted by Queen’s brutally funny Ant and Dec snub [INSIGHT]Declan Donnelly celebrates arrival of 'wonderful' baby son with wife [LATEST] For a long time, the on-screen pair lived in close quarters off-air too, having both purchased homes in the Chiswick area. Following his split from his ex-wife Lisa, Ant McPartlin left the west London neighbourhood and moved in with his former PA and current wife, Anne-Marie Corbett. According to Hello magazine, the pair now live in a £6million property located in Wimbledon, south-west London. While the pair no longer share regular pub trips near Dec’s Chiswick home, they do still enjoy trips to Portugal together where they have holiday homes next door to each other.