The weather can have a huge impact on outdoor fencing, especially wooden panels. Heavy wind and hot sunny days can leave paintwork looking worse for wear, but is a rainy day really the best time to fix it? Here’s everything you need to know about painting a fence in the rain. Painting your fence in the hot weather can cause the product to dry out too quickly, leaving an uneven finish, and the same is true for a rainy day too. According to the Amko Fence Company, you should always wait for a wooden fence to dry out before painting it. The company said: “Iron fences will dry faster. If you are using an oil-based stain, then you will have to wait for the fence to be dry to the touch. “But, if you are using a water-based stain, then it can be a little damp.” If you do choose to do the job on a wet surface anyway, you may run into a few problems. READ MORE: Laundry hacks: Why you should never wash towels or sheets with clothes Paint and stain products will struggle to stick to the fence in the rain. This is because the water creates a layer between the liquid and the surface, making it almost impossible to keep the paint down. According to the experts, painting a fence in the rain will almost certainly result in a “bubbly”, uneven finish, so you will likely need to start again anyway. DON'T MISS:Savings option could mean your wealth is free from inheritance tax [REVEAL]The beautiful city Elvis Presley lived in - house prices £128k [INSIGHT]House price forecast: Will Tory leadership race impact housing market [ANALYSIS] While the damp, dirty residue is a problem during a downpour, it can still prevent the paint from sticking even once the rain has passed. The Art Radar Journal said: “You should remove dirt and particulates from the fence before painting it because rainwater contains dirt and particles that will stick to it even after it has dried out.” According to the Natural Enclosures Fence Company, if you had a light rain then there shouldn’t be a need to clean the fence a second time before painting it. However, If it rains hard enough to splash mud onto the fence surface then you may need to give it another cleaning to make sure it is ready for more paint. Extreme weather of any kind can make painting a fence hard, so it is important to be patient and wait for the right conditions. If you want to get the job done properly, you should check the weather forecast at least 24 hours in advance so that you can prepare for the right day. The painting will be easiest to do in dry conditions above 5C. This is important to allow the paint to dry out in ample time without rain coming to wash it away before it has set.