FIFA 23 release date has been revealed, with the last EA footie game that has the FIFA name about to launch. Next year the FIFA name will be dropped from the hugely popular EA Sports series, with the 2023 edition to be called EA Sports FC. And the FIFA branded series is going out in some style when it launches later this year, with a jam-packed release planned. FIFA 23 will offer fans tonnes of content, with World Cup modes for both the upcoming women's and men's tournaments, changes to FUT and Career mode, the ability to play as a women's club football team for the first time, and the long-awaited inclusion of crossplay. Pre-orders for FIFA 23 are available right now if you're eager to play it, but when is FIFA 23 out? When is the FIFA 23 release date and when can you play the Standard and Ultimate Editions? If you've got these questions and more then Express.co.uk is here to help... EA has confirmed that FIFA 23 will be launching in its typical September slot, with the Standard Edition out on September 30 and the Ultimate Edition available on September 27. Purchasing the Ultimate Edition will give FIFA fans three days early access to this year's big FIFA game. FIFA 23 pre-orders are available with the game coming to PS4, Xbox One, PS5, Xbox Series X S, PC and Stadia. A Legacy edition of FIFA 23 will also be launching for the Nintendo Switch. Purchasing the Ultimate Edition will get you three days early access to the full version of FIFA 23, but there are other ways. If EA follows the schedule set be other FIFA games then we could see a FIFA 23 closed beta test launch this summer. FIFA 23 beta codes are invite only, so you will only receive one in your email inbox if you hit certain EA criteria. You can increase your chances of getting a FIFA 23 code by doing a few things. Firstly, you need to opt in to receive FIFA and EA emails. Head to this page and adjust your settings so you agree to 'EA may email me about EA news, products, events and promotions'. It's thought EA chooses the most active FIFA fans in specific game modes to send the invitations to. If you can't get into the FIFA 23 closed beta then EA also does timed trials of new FIFA games ahead of release via EA Play, which is part of an Xbox Game Pass Ultimate membership.