Cressida Bonas, 33, who dated Prince Harry for three years until 2014, is expecting her first child with husband Harry Wentworth-Stanley. The actress was spotted with a slight baby bump on Saturday at the wedding of Lady Tatiana Mountbatten, daughter of the Queen's cousin the Marquess of Milford Haven. Cressida was spotted in a pink pleated maxi skirt, white v-neck blouse and a black blazer that flowed over her baby bump. She also wore a red flower headband and gold accessories to finish off the look. Her husband Harry Wentworth-Stanley is the son of the Marchioness of Milford Haven. Cressida was at the wedding celebrating her extended family. Just last week, Cressida and Harry had fans eagerly awaiting news that the pair had decided to start a family. Sharing a picture with their godson, the candid snap had one fan asking: "Will you be starting a family one day?" Harry Wentworth-Stanley is the son of Clare Mountbatten, Marchioness of Milford Haven, and her first husband Nicholas Philip Wentworth-Stanley. Harry works as an estate agent, while Cressida has starred in a number of TV shows and films. READ MORE: Royal Family 'preparing' for Archie and Lilibet's return to UK Lady Tatiana was joined by family and close friends at her wedding to business start-up boyfriend Alexander 'Alick' Dru at Winchester Cathedral on Saturday. Cressida and Harry tied the knot on July 27 2020 at a wedding in West Sussex limited to 30 guests during the pandemic. Cressida wore an understated £599 dress for the occasion that she had previously worn in a James Arthur music video. Prince Harry and Cressida reportedly split in 2014 because the actress became tired of the scrutiny she faced while dating a member of the royal family. DON'T MISS:Harry and Meghan to be overshadowed by ‘interesting new characters’ [COMMENT]'Of course she’s aware!' Bower on how Markle is VERY much in control [OPINION]Meghan was 'brave' to call out Harry's Eton friends—'we need to do it' [INSIGHT] But despite their split, the couple reportedly remain on good terms and share similar circles, with Princess Eugenie, who introduced the couple, being one of Cressida's closest friends. She even attended Prince Harry's wedding to Meghan Markle in 2018.