Harry Styles, 28, has been touring Europe and was due to perform in Copenhagen tonight. However, the former One Direction star has been forced to cancel his gig due to several members of the public being shot dead at a nearby shopping centre. Harry was due to perform this evening at Royal Avenue as part of his Love On Tour. However, it was cancelled due to a call Danish police responded to earlier in the afternoon. The Danish police responded to a reported shooting at the Field's Shopping Centre, less than a mile from where the hitmaker was due to perform. Several have died, and a 22-year-old has been arrested in connection to the shootings. READ MORE: Rafael Nadal's sweary rant after question about his wife Xisca Perello Harry announced on his Snapchat about his show's cancellation: "My team and I pray for everyone involved in the Copenhagen shopping mall shooting. I am shocked. Love H." The PA news agency initially reported the show was still going ahead. However, the show was due to begin at 7pm UK time, leading to delays then ultimately its cancellation. A video was also shared to social media on an announcer on stage informing fans to leave the venue and the police will escort them out. Harry was due to take his Love on Tour show around the world in 2020 before the pandemic changed his plans. The rescheduled tour began in September 2021 in Las Vegas before heading across the US, with the European tour leg kicking off in Glasgow last month. Shortly after the shooting, the Danish royal family announced that a reception due to be hosted by Crown Prince Frederik was cancelled. The event had been organised to celebrate Denmark hosting the first three stages of the Tour de France. Denmark saw its last major terror event in 2015, when two people were killed and six police officers were injured. DON'T MISS... Steph McGovern shares health concerns as Packed Lunch wraps [HEALTH] ‘Oh my God!’ Oti Mabuse suffers wardrobe malfunction on stage [INSTAGRAM] Piers Morgan sparks backlash as he reignites Adele feud [OPINION] This happened during an attack on a cultural centre and a synagogue. The gunman was later killed in a shootout with police. The police chiefs in the area have since spoken out about today's attack. Police chief Soeren Thomassen said the motive was unclear, but that he could not rule out an "act of terrorism". He also added that it was too early to provide exact figures of how many people were killed, but he reiterated the word "several". But he told reporters that there was no indication that other attackers were involved and urged shop owners to preserve any video surveillance footage they may have. Eyewitnesses have spoken of panic among shoppers as gunfire rang out inside the Field's mall in the south of the city. Emilie Jeppesen told Jyllands-Posten newspaper: "You didn't know what was happening. Suddenly there was just chaos everywhere." Another witness, Mahdi Al-Wazni, told TV2 that the shooter had carried a "hunting rifle".