Ben Shephard, 47, has spoken about an awkward misunderstanding he had with his other half, Annie Shephard. The TV presenter reflected on the confusion he suffered before he had asked Annie to marry him. Speaking on Wine Times with Will Lyons and Suzi Ruffell, he discussed a trip to Bordeaux with his then-girlfriend. Talking about visiting a wine chateau in Bordeaux, Ben said he had previously worked in a Gilby Brothers chateau in France called Château de Pape.  The star later visited the luxury winery with Annie. Ben said that Annie took him there as a surprise while they were dating, with the intention of getting him to propose to her. He said: “I was with my wife about nine years before I realised I needed to ask her to marry me. READ MORE: Jeremy Vine's Storm Huntley welcomes baby boy and fans ‘love his name' “She did take me one Easter. She contacted them and asked if we could stay there in the hope I would propose to her. “We had the most amazing weekend. It was only years later when she said ‘you do realise why we went there, don’t you?’” He joked that he didn’t want to ruin the “amazing” trip by proposing and potentially being told no. Suzi consoled him by saying, “if she planned a trip I doubt she’d say ‘nah I’m alright thanks’.” Ben added that the pair have since promised each other to go back and visit Château de Pape. The GMB presenter recently appeared live on-air to discuss how he has dealt with grief and loss. Reverend Richard Coles was talking about his new book, Murder Before Evensong on the show two weeks ago, but the Good Morning Britain hosts were keen to hear how he was doing following the death of his spouse in 2019. As the reverend spoke about dealing with loss, Ben Shephard said he has struggled recently following the death of a friend. DON'T MISS... ‘I may have to have surgery’ Eamonn Holmes shares grim health update [HEALTH] Sir Tom Jones, 82, 'seen by doctors after collapsing on tour' [LATEST] 'No intention!' Bette Midler U-turns on women being 'erased' tweet [OPINION] Ben began: “I lost a very close friend recently, a really big shock out of the blue. “It was another friend who said grief is a bit like a wave. It hits you suddenly and then it dissipates. “Then it comes back out of nowhere and it hits you again.” The Good Morning Britain presenter continued: “That’s certainly something I experience. “There will be a little moment when all of a sudden I’m floored by a picture that comes up or a tune that suddenly comes on the radio that reminds me of my friend we lost so dramatically. “And, I’m stuck in that grief, well, not stuck in the grief but in the middle of that grief, in the rawness.”