But there is no more time to lament the passing of Boris Johnson, a premier who assumed that his strengths were so apparent he never bothered to work on his weaknesses. Instead, the Tories must rapidly find a charismatic new leader who people will follow as they once followed Boris. There is no point in the party simply installing a more conventional or managerial figure who served in his Cabinets. In two years’ time, possibly less, it must make a case for being granted an unprecedented fifth successive term in government. And it must do so not against a Marxist revolutionary like Jeremy Corbyn, but against Sir Keir Starmer who despite – maybe because of – his low-wattage personality is unlikely to frighten the horses. So the Tories need to find a compelling character with star quality and a readily understandable mission for Britain. A mere presentable mid-ranking Cabinet minister or re-tread from the Theresa May era – a Grant Shapps or a Jeremy Hunt – simply won’t cut the mustard. Conservatives need not merely to skip a generation but to escape a defeatist mindset that has too often resulted in accepting the basic political settlement left behind by Tony Blair and Gordon Brown: high taxes, high immigration, an unrealistic timetable on moving to netzero, an embedded human rights culture that is too easily abused, and an inefficient public realm that prioritises fashionable causes over core services. That is why the candidacy of Kemi Badenoch, a British-born woman of Nigerian heritage who only became an MP at the 2017 general election, has so much to commend it. In just five years, Badenoch has shown us more of the right stuff than figures such as Hunt have displayed in nearly 20. In her maiden Commons speech she described the EU referendum result as “the greatest ever vote of confidence” the British people had delivered in the future of the UK. As a junior minister, her performances at the despatch box and in select committees have been a shining light amongst the gloom. She is one of only a tiny handful of Conservatives to have shown the courage to take on the Leftists who constantly run our country down, calling on us to be ashamed of our history and claiming Britain is little more than a cess pit of racism, white privilege, transphobia and the rest of their alphabet soup of derogatory terms. Mrs Badenoch dared to tell them they are wrong and sent them into paroxysms of rage when she informed them that Britain was the best country in the world in which to be black. The priorities she set out in an article launching her leadership bid on Saturday shows she has thought through her positions across the range of key political issues. “Too often people feel that whoever is elected, the answer is more government,” she wrote. “By promising too much and trying to solve every problem, politicians don’t reassure and inspire, they disappoint and drive disillusion. “More taxes. More rules and regulations. “And ever cheaper borrowing to keep government afloat no matter the cost to savers or the wider economy. Instead, we need strong but limited government focused on the essentials. Many of us will say amen to all that as the cost-of-living crisis bites.”