A quarter of Britons have a side hustle to generate an extra income on top of their full time job, according to Henley Business School. On average they are making an extra £525 a month - with some earning up to £250 a day. The cost of living crisis is putting increasing pressure on people’s finances, with many people already exhausting every money saving tip. As a result more people are looking for extra work or a side hustle to pay the bills and the good news is there are plenty of ideas to choose from. One of the most fun ways to earn extra money is as a film and TV extra - Carolynne Selway is a retired nurse who now appears on our TV screens earning up to £250 a day. She told Express.co.uk: “I’ve probably done it 20 times now." READ MORE: Free bus pass: The UK areas where you can free or reduced travel Ms Selway continued: “You can earn £200 to £250 per day depending on your costume, what time you have to be there and travel - all of this. “It’s not bad money for dressing up - it gets you out there doing things that you probably wouldn’t do in real life.” The 64-year-old retired trauma nurse said she is signed up with Universal Extras and has worked with a famous Hollywood director. She says anyone can do it no matter what their background. DON'T MISSWoman discovered she owed E.ON £1,000 despite paying her monthly bill [WARNING]Britons could wait longer for prescriptions after state pension change [UPDATE]PIP: The key letter that claimants should look out for [ALERT]'Incredibly believable' TV presenter issues scam warning [WARNING] One way to make money without doing very much is to take advantage of the ‘hire economy’. Britons can earn up to £7,500 a year tax free if they take in a lodger through Airbnb or host foreign language students. Single mum Sharon Lowick said she loves learning about other people’s cultures and showing off her home city. “I like playing mother and finding out all about where they come from and laughing about the similarities and differences between us." READ MORE: Universal Credit: When can claimants expect Cost of Living support?    The businesswoman from Bristol continued: “Anyone with a spare room can do it - it’s a no brainer - really. “We don’t always have an actual spare room at home but we swap things around to make space for them.” While not everyone has a spare room - people can rent out their cars, driveways, garages or even household items like pressure washers and carpet cleaners. Hiring one’s car to neighbours through the Karshare app can add an extra £550 a month to someone’s bank balance. 10 ways to make more money: