Kate Middleton reportedly loves a certain drink in the evenings, according to reports. The drink is apparently brought by Prince William in the evenings to relax after the children go to bed. The whole world saw the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's parenting skills during the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations. Parenting can be hard enough but parenting the heirs to the throne with the entire world watching must be difficult. Kate was seen stepping in to break up a play fight between Princess Charlotte and her cousin, while a cute moment took place between Prince William and Prince George as they laughed at a Lee Mack joke. The children are in for more excitement as William and Kate have decided to move to Adelaide Cottage in Windsor. The move is thought to be an effort to get a bit closer to the Queen, now 96. With things often intense for the royal parents, William has one special thing he does for Kate in the evenings. William loves to bring Kate a gin and tonic to help her relax after the children are put to bed, according to BristolLive. A family friend previously said: "William will bring Kate a gin and tonic. “They look after each other, but in different ways,” they told People back in December 2021.  Although it is unknown what brand of gin Kate prefers, other members of the Royal Family have let slip their favourite brands. The Queen has been known to love Gordon’s gin. This is a key component in her Dubonnet cocktail, which Prince Philip would enjoy making for her. Sophie, Countess of Wessex, on the other hand, is reported to love Silent Pool gin. Ian McCulloch, the founder of Silent Pool, previously spoke to Express.co.uk about the Countess of Wessex’s visit to the distillery back in 2019. He said: “She just loved it!” As well as the regular gin and tonic at the Cambridge household, they also have other rules to help with parenting. Kate and William have apparently installed a strict “no-shouting” rule in their house. If any of their three children shout, they are removed from the situation and disciplined in a calm and thoughtful manner. An insider previously claimed: "Shouting is absolutely ‘off limits’ for the children and any hint of shouting at each other is dealt with by removal. “There’s no ’naughty step’ but there is a ‘chat sofa’. “Things are explained and consequences outlined and they never shout at them,” they told The Sun. The source added that while it's a "military operation" you would never guess this, as the couple work hard to make their children’s upbringing seem relaxed and happy. William and Kate are reportedly excellent at listening to their children whilst staying firm. 