Royal author Tom Bower claims Prince Charles urged the Duchess of Sussex to visit her father Thomas Markle in Mexico to reconcile. But according to new book Revenge: Meghan, Harry and the War Between the Windsors, Meghan refused to do so leaving the future King and the Queen “irritated”.  Harry is understood to have told his father “Meghan did not phone or email her father due to suspicions that they were both compromised,” to which Charles replied, “Can’t she just go and see him and make this stop?” Mr Bower claims Prince Charles “berated” his son Harry” because “the inconsistencies of Meghan’s excuses not only irritated Charles, but perhaps also the Queen”, according to the Mirror. The royal author said Meghan refused to fly out to see her father, saying: “it was completely unrealistic to think I could fly discreetly to Mexico, arrive unannounced at his doorstep, to a location and residence I had never visited or know, in a small border town…and somehow hope to speak privately to my father without causing a frenzy of media attention and intrusion that could bring more embarrassment to the royal family”.  Mr Markle has been estranged from his daughter since before her wedding and has never met his son-in-law Prince Harry or their two children Archie Harrison and Lilibet Diana. The duchess has been estranged from the former lighting director, who lives in Rosarito, Mexico, since he was caught staging paparazzi photographs ahead of her and Harry's 2018 wedding. He was also forced to pull out of walking his daughter down the aisle at her Royal Wedding following complications after heart surgery.  READ MORE: Meghan 'did everything she could to stop' Bower speaking to friends Since then, he has spoken out about his daughter and son-in-law in a series of explosive interviews. Mr Markle had been planning to fly to the UK for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee in a desperate bid to meet members of the Royal Family and his grandchildren for the first time.  READ MORE: Meghan and Harry branded ‘boring celebrities’ in US [OPINION]'Blinkered' Harry slammed as Meghan shuts down 'offensive banter' [INSIGHT]Royal Family LIVE: Meghan denies lying in bombshell Oprah interview [BLOG] But his plans were set back when he suffered a stroke. Meghan and Harry returned to the UK for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee in March which marked their first time back in Britain following their sensational exit from the Firm.  The couple announced their departure in January 2020 with a statement saying: “After many months of reflection and internal discussions, we have chosen to make a transition this year in starting to carve out a progressive new role within this institution. "We intend to step back as ‘senior’ members of the Royal Family and work to become financially independent, while continuing to fully support Her Majesty The Queen."