Brian Jackson was best known as the face behind the legendary 1980s Del Monte adverts. The veteran actor died peacefully at home in London with his family by his side after a battle with prostate cancer. Brian starred in more than 25 commercials in 32 countries, from the 1980s to the early 2000s. He played a white-suited fruit inspector in a Panama hat, who only bought the best juice, in the Del Monte advertisements. The long-running TV campaign used the catchphrase: "The Man from Del Monte, he says yes." Brian's work in the pivotal adverts left a lasting impression on viewers. READ MORE: Tom Hanks’ troubled son blamed father’s fame for behaviour His advert appearance is most remembered alongside the likes of the Milkybar Kid, the Cadbury's Flake lady, the Gold Blend couple and the Volkswagen girl. The veteran actor died at his home in London's West End on Saturday with his wife and youngest daughter by his side. The star was battling prostate cancer up until his death. Speaking about her father, Jo Jackson said: "The commercials paid for where we lived and my education, which I'm very grateful for. "He also bought a yellow Jaguar with the money from one of the adverts because it reminded him of bananas. "He was very funny, had the most amazing anecdotes, and was a thespian until the end." Brian did not start out as an actor, however, with his first job being as a Royal Naval press photographer. He then later joined the Royal Shakespeare Company in Stratford Upon Avon and began to produce theatre shows across London. DON'T MISS... Fern Britton mocks 'toy boy' Boris over Carrie as she carries baby [OPINION] Jane Fonda's heartbreaking confession about father's parenting [INSIGHT] Michael Caine, 89, supported by assistant while using walking frame [PICS] Brian performed alongside some of the greats, including Roger Moore and Ginger Rogers. He also appeared in numerous films such as Return of the Pink Panther with Peter Sellers and Burt Kwouk, and The Heroes of Telemark alongside Kirk Douglas and Richard Harris. He also starred in Some Like It Cool, Michael Winner's debut 'skin flick' movie. Most recently, Brian had cameo roles in BBC shows Doctors and Casualty. The veteran actor also voiced and appeared in hundreds of documentaries, films and TV commercials. Paying tribute to Brian earlier this week, Stage Cricket Club took to Twitter to write: "Our Emeritus chairman Brian Jackson sadly passed away during the week aged 91. "He was a very fine bowler of cutters & played in the Yorkshire leagues before embarking on a highly successful acting & producing career." Brian played cricket with his team, the Stage Cricket Club, for more than 50 years, playing his last winning match at the age of 88.