Liz Truss is one of eight remaining contenders in the running to replace Boris Johnson as leader of the Conservative party, and could soon be on her way to No 10 Downing Street as the third favourite candidate. While a new residency at the famous Westminster address is a possibility for the current Foreign Secretary, Liz Truss will continue to live in her family home until a decision is made in September. Here’s a look into the home life and property of the Leeds-born cabinet minister. Foreign Secretary, Liz Truss is one of the most widely travelled MPs, often seen heading abroad on a daily basis to fulfil her work commitments on behalf of the Government. While the 46-year-old MP is always on the move, she still has secure roots here in the UK. According to her official Conservative member profile, Liz Truss lives with her husband - accountant Hugh O’Leary, and their two daughters in Norfolk. READ MORE: Natural ‘perfect’ items to unblock kitchen sinks for ‘optimal results’ The family of four enjoy a sizeable three-bedroom detached property in Thetford - a market town and civil parish in the Breckland district of Norfolk, England. Truss and her family have lived in their countryside home since 2010, after purchasing the property for a ‘bargain’ price of just £180,000. While the exact value of the property now is unknown, estimates suggest that it could have almost tripled. According to Rightmove, detached properties in Thetford have sold for an average of £336,506 in the past 12 months. The Thetford property allows Truss to stay close to her constituency in South West Norfolk, where she has served as MP since 2010. According to her official parliamentary profile, Liz Truss is a “staunch defender of South West Norfolk’s interests”, having fought many successful campaigns for the area. Her successes include the dualling of the A11, the F35 fighter jets to be based at RAF Marham and the campaign for better rural broadband. Despite being a considerable distance from the heart of the British government and Houses of Parliament, Liz Truss benefits from a direct route into the city from her home. Thetford is on the A11 road between Norwich and London, just east of Thetford Forest, making it easy for the Foreign Secretary to visit her second property in London on short notice. The exact location of her city home is unknown, though it appears to be a white terraced house set on a residential street in the capital. DON'T MISS:Liz Truss savaged over controversial Brexit record [INSIGHT]POLL: Who do you want to win Tory leadership race and be next PM? [LATEST]Tory leadership race gets nasty with explosive attacks hurled at Rishi [ANALYSIS] In addition to being paid a considerable average salary of at least £84,144 for more than a decade, Liz Truss also enjoys additional benefits in her role as Foreign Secretary. This includes shared rights to Chevening House - a 3,000-acre stately home in Kent. The property, which is located between Sevenoaks and Biggin Hill, is shared between Truss and her predecessor, Dominic Raab. Both Government ministers have the 115-room country house at their disposal as a result of a unique agreement set out by the Prime Minister, Boris Johnson. Though Truss tried to take the estate for herself as the sole Foreign Secretary, Mr Raab believed he should maintain access to Chevening after being made deputy prime minister, as well as the more junior position of justice secretary. Despite being a well-known name in British politics, few people know about Liz Truss’s home life. The soon-to-be 47-year-old has two teenage daughters named Frances and Liberty, whom she has raised with her husband of 22 years. According to colleagues, the politically-driven mother of two does not have a huge social network, but instead insists “my kids are my friends”. Financial Times reported that she jokes to friends that she has “a kind of boring life” outside politics, spending her time walking and cooking with her family or reading. One ministerial colleague revealed that “they’re a very tight family”, adding that Truss’s husband Hugh “is just lovely”.