Julie Ashfield, managing director of buying at Aldi, has shared the tips as the cost of living crisis continues to affect people throughout the UK. In fact, experts predict households will see their yearly food shopping bills hiked by £380 this year due to the soaring price of groceries. However, making small changes could make a big difference. Figures from analysts Kantar show that grocery price inflation jumped to 8.3% over the four weeks to June 12. That is an increase on 7% in May, and the highest level since April 2009. Speaking to the Mirror, Julie explained how to keep more money in your pocket next time you go shopping: Julia urges shoppers to be aware of buy one, get one free promotions in other supermarkets. You should always check you’re actually getting a good deal by comparing prices elsewhere - and make sure you’re only buying what you need. Aldi doesn’t offer any buy one, get one free deals in its stores. “Weigh up first whether the deal is actually worth it, or if you actually need more than one of the product you’re buying,” she warned. "Aldi has no plans to introduce any BOGOF deals.”    Instead of yellow stickers, Aldi uses red stickers to highlight its reduced food. Aldi marks down perishable products such as bread, meat and produce by 75% on their last day of life. Items such as rice, pasta, cereal and tinned food may also be marked down by 30% if the packaging has been damaged. “The times that items are reduced vary by store and are sold on a first-come, first-served basis,” explained Julie. “So be sure to keep an eye out for red stickers next time you’re in Aldi to avoid missing out.”   You might be missing out on products that are a fraction of the price if you only shop for branded goods. “Most of the products at Aldi are own-brand - and we’ve won hundreds of awards for them this year alone,” said Julia. “Recent research by Britsuperstore saw Aldi voted the most popular supermarket for affordable own-brand products for UK parents. “Aldi also scooped Supermarket of the Year at the 2022 Loved By Parents Awards.”   Aldi might not offer BOGOF deals, but you can still sometimes spot Specialbuy discounts on anything from electricals to garden furniture. Specialbuys are released every Thursday and Sunday. Keep up to date with current and upcoming Specialbuys by signing up to Aldi’s newsletter here. “We also have our fortnightly Super 6 deals on seasonal fruit and veg - as well as meat - which are promoted in our leaflets in-store so you can always know what’s coming ahead of time,” said Julie.  It doesn’t always pay to be loyal. If you’ve only ever done your shop at one supermarket, you might not realise how much money you could be saving elsewhere. Make sure you always compare prices online by using comparison websites such as Trolley.co.uk, MySupermarketCompare.co.uk, MySupermarkets.uk, and Priceable.