Rory McIlroy has refused to rule out Tiger Woods winning The Open by tipping the legendary American to challenge for the honours over the course of this weekend. Woods has endured a tricky start to 2022 so far, with the 46-year-old finishing six over par at the Masters earlier this year before withdrawing from the PGA Championships back in May. The 46-year-old has often struggled with his leg injuries that were sustained in a high-speed car crash at the start of last year and was seen moving gingerly around the course during the latter stages of the Masters. Woods missed last month's US Open in an effort to be fit for this weekend's tournament at St Andrews, though, and McIlroy believes that he has every chance of fighting the likes of Jon Rahm and Scottie Scheffler for the grand prize. "It’s going to be a game of chess this week and no one has played a better game of this kind of chess than Tiger Woods," McIlroy told reporters on Tuesday morning as he ran the rule over his rival's prospects of winning The Open for the fourth time. Woods clinched two of his three previous titles on the Old Course at St Andrews, which will once again play host to The Open when proceedings get underway at the home of golf on Thursday. He played alongside McIlroy in the 'Celebration of Champions' exhibition event on Monday that was watched by thousands of fans, with the Irishman later waxing lyrical over Woods' determination to succeed at the highest level in spite of his recent injury problems. JUST IN: Nicklaus issues response to Norman snub after being called 'hypocrite' "He's going for a third Claret Jug at St Andrews and he keeps reminding me of that," McIlroy said after the end of Monday's play. "But a healthy Tiger Woods means a healthy golf. He brings more interest. "There was a chance where we might never have seen him again so the fact he is here says a lot about him, what the game of golf means to him, and what competing in an Open means to him. "He's a legend not just in golf but in all of sport and even though we're not going to see him as much as we used to it's great to have him around." Woods has previously made it clear that the Old Course at St Andrews is his favourite in the world and it remains to be seen whether he will be able to challenge golf's big hitters for the prestigious Claret Jug over the course of this weekend's event. McIlroy, who missed the chance to defend his title in 2015 after injuring his ankle while playing football, also believes that he will be in with a shout of clinching the honours but is keeping a lid on his expectations in spite of his strong recent form. "I'm playing well, my form is good and my confidence is as high as it has been for a while," said McIlroy when asked to sum up his own hopes of winning The Open. "I can't come here thinking it might be my turn but I'm happy with where everything is at. I can't get ahead of myself, I just have to get in the right frame of mind for Thursday morning." FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE