Over the last week, there have been moments when it looked like his determination to cling to office and defy so many of his own MPs might trigger a full-blown constitutional crisis. But in the end, he bowed to the inevitable, finally accepting the essential principle of our parliamentary system that a prime minister can only remain in power if he retains the confidence of his Government and a majority of MPs. Johnson had spectacularly lost both, as demonstrated by the record-breaking catalogue of 59 ministerial resignations and the swelling chorus of discontent on his backbenches, even from former loyalists.By Wednesday night, with Whitehall beginning to resemble a job centre due to the flood of vacancies, the Prime Minister had to face the reality he could no longer run the country.For his dwindling band of supporters, there is a monstrous injustice about his downfall. In their view, he is the towering politician of his age, an unrivalled election winner who has been brought down by two trivial episodes that have no impact on the enormous issues facing our country, like war in eastern Europe and looming economic troubles.Previous prime ministers, they point out bitterly, have fallen because of major policy failures or general election defeats, but Johnson has been removed because of the fallout from Partygate and the predatory, drunken behaviour of his deputy chief whip Chris Pincher.According to this narrative, there have been dark forces at work at Westminster and in the media, eager to exploit these twin scandals to gain revenge against Johnson for delivering Brexit, an achievement for which the Remainer establishment has never forgiven him.Yet, in truth, the furores over Partygate and Pincher were emblematic of deep-seated problems in his style of governance, which had frequently reduced Downing Street to chaos. No10 only seemed to operate effectively when Johnson’s maverick aide Dominic Cummings was at the helm, but once the pair fell out, the machine became increasingly dysfunctional.The PM may have been a brilliant, dynamic campaigner – known as the “Heineken” politician because he could reach the parts of the electorate that other Tories could not – but he turned out to be a poor ruler, his erratic performance worsened by his inattention to detail and his wavering concentration.Perhaps even more disturbing was his cavalier approach to ethics, which badly undermined trust in his administration. In place of integrity, a culture of cronyism seemed to prevail in Downing Street, where neither the truth nor conflicts of interest seemed to matter.When he was at Eton in 1982, Johnson had been criticised by one of his masters for his belief “that he is an exception, one who should be free of the network of obligations that bind everyone else”.Forty years later, those words are still pertinent.Despite his flaws, Boris Johnson was always destined for stardom because of his talent, intellect and ferocious ambition. As a child of just eight, he told his sister that he wanted one day to be “World King”. He first rose to prominence as a political journalist, displaying a gift for language and story-telling that prompted one of his first editors, Charles Moore, to describe him as “a genius”. But Johnson wanted more, and from 1997 he entered the political realm, initially as a loser to Labour in Wales, then as MP for Henley, and in 2008 becoming a highly successful Mayor of London, where he won two terms in a city that usually voted Labour, another indicator of his unique popularity.The same ability to charm the public made him the ideal frontman for the Leave campaign in the 2016 EU referendum, when his rallying cry on the eve of polling, “Let this be our Independence Day” helped to ensure a historic victory.But the task of implementing Brexit proved beyond the new prime minister Theresa May, whose Government was gripped by paralysis in the face of aggressive obstructionism by Remainers. Johnson himself became so disillusioned with her approach that he resigned as her foreign secretary.Though he had not distinguished himself in that role, partly because of his usual administrative failings, his tough stance on Brexit ensured that he became her successor in July 2019 when she was ousted by a party rebellion.So began the most triumphant phase of his premiership. First, against all expectations, he smashed the Brexit log jam by crushing the Remainiacs in his party, outmanoeuvring the opposition and securing a comprehensive trade deal with the EU. He then won a landslide in the subsequent general election in December 2019 against Jeremy Corbyn’s dangerously Left-wing Labour Party. With a majority of more than 80 seats, it was the biggest Tory victory since 1987. What made this success all the more striking was how the Conservatives took so many previously safe Labour constituencies in the so-called Red Wall heartlands of the Midlands and the North. Incongruously under Boris, a product of Eton and Oxford, the Tories were becoming the party of the traditional working-class. The PM had little time to savour his achievement, as Britain was soon in the grip of the pandemic, an unprecedented public health challenge. Boris himself succumbed to the virus so badly that for several days, he was kept in intensive care. His mortal struggle, which became a symbol of the nation’s fight against this deadly peril, only increased his popularity.So did his assured response to the disease, the highlight of which was the development of a world-beating vaccine programme. Johnson’s Government was also praised for its pragmatic strategy on lockdown and its imaginative furlough scheme, which kept business afloat and maintained household incomes through the crisis. The Tories’ continuing popularity was demonstrated in May 2021 at the local elections when they won 63 councils, a gain of 13, a remarkable advance for a government in mid-term. More impressively, they easily won the Hartlepool by-election from Labour, another sign that Boris’s blend of optimism, patriotism and regeneration – encapsulated in “levelling up the country” – seemed to cement his hold on the working-class.But dark clouds were appearing on the horizon. One came in the form of growing concerns about the economy, as the public finances deteriorated and inflation began to rise, stoked by the Bank of England’s fixation with printing money. And there were worrying signs the Government, having delivered Brexit and the vaccine rollout, had no clear plan for office.Never a conviction politician like Margaret Thatcher, Johnson himself seemed to lack a sense of direction, oscillating between grand infrastructure projects, the green agenda, and unfulfilled promises of tax cuts. In fact, the burden of taxation reached its highest levels since the 1950s, while immigration soared, the woke ideology tightened its stranglehold on public life, the state’s bureaucracy grew massively and the rigour of the criminal justice system collapsed.All this helped to alienate Johnson’s natural Conservative base, just when support was needed most as the stench of sleaze began to sweep across his Government. The Prime Minister’s reputation had already been undermined by a series of minor scandals – like the Wallpapergate row over decorating costs for Downing Street – but he first suffered real damage in the autumn of 2021 when he foolishly tried to protect the dodgy North Shropshire MP Owen Paterson who had flagrantly breached lobbying rules. A subsequent backbench rebellion and catastrophic by-election defeat opened the floodgates of disillusion.Amid dwindling approval ratings, economic storms, further by-election losses and the joint scandals of Partygate and the Pincher affair – both of which reawakened all the perennial accusations of Tory hypocrisy and immorality – the momentum towards this week’s mutiny became unstoppable. Even his brave stance in galvanising the West’s support of Ukraine was not enough to ensure his survival.Once his party’s biggest asset, Johnson had become the Tories’ greatest liability.Only recently, he voiced his hope that he would go on in office until the 2030s, emulating the record of Mrs Thatcher. In the event, he lasted less than three years, a shorter spell than those of Theresa May, Jim Callaghan and Ted Heath.But the verdict of history will be kinder than that of his own party. With the passage of time, he will ultimately be recognised as the man who took on Putin and saved Britain from the Covid virus, the threat of Marxist rule by Jeremy Corbyn, and continued subjugation to the EU.For a short premiership, it is quite a legacy.