Thanks to their successful TV shows and books, the Hairy Bikers have become two of Britain’s favourite chefs. To help you kick start your morning right, Express.co.uk has chosen one of the pair’s best breakfast or brunch dishes. Si and Dave often share their best recipes on their website, HairyBikers.com. One to stand out is the duo’s American-style pancakes, made without eggs for a simpler, vegan option. They also only take 15 minutes and the ingredients are likely to already be in your household cupboard. According to Si and Dave, “it’s the added pinch of cinnamon which really gives them their flavour”. READ MORE: Best UK beach with free parking to visit this summer - full list Ingredients 200g plain flour (or spelt or wholemeal) Two tsp baking powder Half tsp bicarbonate of soda Half tsp ground cinnamon One tsp mixed spice One tbsp caster sugar Pinch of salt 300ml plant-based milk One tbsp apple cider vinegar or lemon juice Coconut oil Method First, mix the flour with the baking powder, bicarbonate of soda, spices and sugar in a large bowl. Stir in a generous pinch of salt, before mixing the milk with the vinegar and stir – it should thicken slightly. Pour the wet ingredients into the dry ones and combine, but try to keep mixing to a minimum. Heat a tablespoon of coconut oil in a non-stick frying pan or a cast-iron pan, pour it into the batter and stir. Add some more coconut oil to the pan. Keep the heat at medium to high and spoon four small ladlefuls of batter on to the pan, making sure they are well spaced out. When they look set around the edges and large bubbles have appeared, carefully flip one of them over. If it is a deep brown, flip the rest and cook on the reverse side for another minute. Remove and set aside while you cook the rest of the pancakes in the same way. Continue until you have used up all the batter, adding a little more oil to the pan each time. Lastly, the Hairy Bikers recommend serving with plenty of maple syrup and some seasonal berries. This recipe can be found on the Hairy Bikers’ website, or in their book, The Hairy Bikers’ Veggie Feasts.