More than 60 activists entered Aberpergwm mine in south Wales on Sunday at around 3pm. They wanted to "highlight the Welsh government’s silence on the decision to allow a licence to extract an additional 42 million tonnes of anthracite coal".   The protestors wore white overalls and waved black flags as they set off powder flares and climbed onto the office roof, where they stayed overnight into Monday morning. The XR ecological demonstrators gave no indication on how long they planned to occupy the site, but at just after 11am this morning organisers confirmed that all activists had left the premises. They said this was both voluntarily and through arrest. Police confirmed seven people had been arrested on suspicion of aggravated trespass, reports Wales Online. A spokesperson for South Wales Police said: "The incident has now concluded. Two further people have been arrested on suspicion of aggravated trespass." The group says the new licence at the mine would breach the Welsh Government's Wellbeing of Future Generations Act by allowing 100 million tonnes of CO2 to be generated. The protesters were demanding that First Minister Mark Drakeford and climate change minister Julie James write to the Coal Authority stating their "clear and urgent opposition" to the expansion of the coal mine. XR has accused the Welsh and UK governments of "pointing the finger of blame at each other" in failing to intervene on the expansion of the mine.   The Coal Action Network pressure group has been granted a judicial review to test whether the Welsh government can apply the Wales Act 2017 to the Aberpergwm expansion licence. The review will also test whether the Coal Authority can consider a wider range of factors when deciding a licence application. But people flooded to Wales Online's Facebook page to vent their frustration at the protestors. One person commented: "Kick them straight out and fine them for wasting police time". Another person said: "Where’s their hi-viz, they should be thrown off the site and prosecuted for contravening Health & Safety at Work Regs!!! A third person added: "Lock them up. We need this fuel for our water filtration and apart from that we have an energy crisis but most of these are well off middle class with nothing better to do."   A Coal Action Network spokesperson said: "This started with over 4,000 emails demanding the UK and Welsh government step in to stop this licence before it was issued by the Coal Authority. "Ministers in the UK and Wales alike ignored every one of those emails and failed in their pledges to phase out coal when the licence slipped through weeks later. "The coal mine expansion itself would emit 1.17 million tonnes of methane no matter where it sends its coal. "That cannot be made compatible with the Future Generations Act and Welsh Government's rhetoric up to this point. "What we want now is a crystal-clear statement by the Welsh government, that it is against this coal mine. No ifs, no buts."  However, some people sided with the protestors, with one person writing: "People here do not seem to understand the very grave danger we are all in. "Therefore this is why some feel obliged to act." Another said: "We need to do something about climate change."