Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon is pushing for a vote on Scottish independence in 2023. Scotland’s top law officer – the Lord Advocate – has sent legislation on the country holding a referendum to the UK Supreme Court, and it has been reported that the ruling Scottish National Party (SNP) will be dealt a blow. According to documents published on Tuesday, the Lord Advocate, Dorothy Bain, "does not have the necessary degree of confidence" that MSPs in Holyrood can legislate for a referendum. Ms Bain also stressed that any referendum held next year would not be legally binding. The debate around Scottish independence was revived after Brexit in 2016, and while Ms Sturgeon has won the support of many in the country, concerns over the economic impact of secession remain a crucial factor in the discussion. James Heywood, an economy expert from the Centre for Policy Studies, tells Express.co.uk that Scotland could face yet more inflation under independence. While the extent of the price hike will largely depend on how quickly the SNP were to achieve independence, he says the disruption will lead to higher prices. He explained: "I would assume that Scotland becoming fully independent would be several years down the line, so in that sense it's possible that the heightened inflation we are going through now might have gone by then. "But we certainly don't know that, and if they are talking about having a vote soon, those sorts of things will still be on the agenda if there is a vote for independence. "If there is a vote on independence there will be an immediate period of uncertainty for businesses because while they won't necessarily become independent or have new trade barriers, they won't know what sort of rules they will be facing over the long term or when they will come in." Mr Heywood also discussed the difficulty Scotland could face without an open border to the UK. He said: "There's obviously good reasons why the UK is by far Scotland's biggest trade partner for exports and imports. "So it (independence) would mean higher prices for Scottish consumers, more red tape for Scottish businesses doing business across the border and ultimately trade is a good thing. It allows for specialisation, it means you can get the best prices. READ MORE: MAPPED: How Scotland voted in first independence referendum "Less trade is always bad for any economy – at the end of the day, Scotland being part of the same country as its main economic partner is a major benefit. "There's no getting away from the fact that there would be trade barriers. Technically Scotland could just say 'we will have an agreement which involves us abiding by all of the UK's rules'. "But then the question would arise 'what's the point of Scottish independence?'" Last October, figures showed that Scotland has increased its reliance on exporting to the rest of the UK. Scottish Government statistics showed that the proportion of Scottish exports to the rest of the UK increased from 59.4 to 59.8 per cent in 2019. Unionists used the numbers to argue that independence would hurt the Scottish economy. Tory MSP Liz Smith said at the time: “These figures are further proof of the enormous benefit Scotland derives from being part of the UK. “Hundreds of thousands of Scottish jobs are reliant on us being part of the Union, given that trade with the rest of the UK rose by £2.5billion on the previous year to £52billion and accounts for 60% of our total exports. DON'T MISSPutin pundit tells Sturgeon to contact Russian hackers for Indyref2 [INSIGHT]Frail Queen travels to Norfolk to recover after busy week in Scotland [ANALYSIS]IDS crushes Sturgeon's Indyref2 as ‘ridiculous’ distraction [INSIGHT] “It goes without saying that Scotland separating from its most important trading bloc would wreak huge economic damage – and yet that’s exactly the nightmare scenario the SNP, with their independence obsession, are hell-bent on creating.” However, an SNP spokesperson said at the time: “These statistics for 2019 show a strong underpinning performance in Scotland’s exports before the twin economic shocks caused by the global pandemic and EU Exit. “The main driver for a growth in exports to the rest of the UK was an increase in electricity exports, helping to keep the lights on in England and Wales. “The figures provide further evidence of the importance of the EU to Scotland’s trade." In fact, the SNP accused the UK Government of having a "detrimental" impact on the Scottish economy. The statement added: "The detrimental impact of the UK Government’s approach to our exit from the EU is evident in more recent HMRC trade statistics which showed that in the year to June 2021, Scotland’s goods exports to the EU were 25 percent down on the equivalent period in 2019. “Through our Export Growth Plan, we remain focused on increasing Scotland’s international exports to 25 percent of GDP by 2029. “Statistics for the year to June 2021 show Scotland’s goods exports increased by 3% compared with the previous year if oil and gas are excluded. "This compares with a two percent decrease for the UK as a whole and suggests our export strategy is succeeding, despite the impact of Brexit.”