At 18st 5lb, Mark reached the heaviest he'd ever been. He tried all the famous and non-famous diets, but found himself in a continuous yo-yo cycle for years; losing weight, then piling it back on. Finally fed up of it and wanting to change his life permanently, he decided to enlist the help of a personal trainer. And he hasn't looked back since. "I had just turned 50 and was clear in my mind that I needed to make a lifestyle change or I would be struggling in my twilight years," Mark said. "That’s when I was introduced to Nathan." READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake Mark was shown a new way of thinking and it changed his life for the better. "[Nathan] was clear with me from the start that this was a two-way relationship and that we were not messing around," he explained. "But he would support and guide me along the journey towards the new me, if I was willing to commit to learning." Mark was educated on food and fitness and he realised he had spent years believing many key diet myths that hindered his progress. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] But by reprogramming his mindset, he found he was finally making headway. "I learned cardio is not the answer and there is no such thing as bad foods," he said. "[It's] just making myself accountable for what I was putting in my mouth and how I could reshape my body without the need for sweating buckets on a treadmill. "It was never going to be a sprint, so I settled into my bespoke programme and adjusted when he told me via the weekly check-ins and progressively we started to see the improvements which created momentum that I loved." READ MORE: Fitness: How to 'increase fat burning' in a heatwave - expert advice Mark was given short-term goals to aim for and he found it worked really well for him. "We set realistic short-term goals with plenty of celebrating success along the way," he said. "[This] ended up me hitting a weight I never thought possible and I felt incredible." Now a year on from taking the plunge with a PT, Mark has managed to maintain his weight body structure by himself. Having achieved all the short-term goals, he began to look into the future and with the continued support from his PT, kept "stretching" himself. "At 54, I recently boxed for cancer research in front of 600 people and got a draw against an opponent who was in his mid 20’s," Mark beamed. "The journey never stops as Nathan kept drumming into me and I am happier than I have been in my life and I'm always looking forward to the next thing."