Tottenham look set to be ruled out completely when it comes to the signing of flying Eintracht Frankfurt wing-back Filip Kostic, as reports suggest that he will stay with his current club. Seeing the Serb slip through the net will come as a blow to Spurs based on their recent interest in the defender, who has previously drawn comparisons to Gareth Bale. Tottenham boss Antonio Conte gives wing-backs plenty of responsibility in his tactical set-up, and he managed to seal fourth spot last term despite being unhappy with the crop he inherited. At least, that's what his summer business would suggest, given that Spurs have already signed a left-sided player and are closing in on someone for the opposite flank. World Cup finalist Ivan Perisic was signed on a free transfer from Inter Milan, which should add quality and experience on the left side, while a deal is reportedly close to completion regarding Middlesbrough right-back Djed Spence. Sealing deals for the duo could be just as well, with Kostic set to slip away for good. Football.london had linked Kostic with north London earlier this summer, but now Frankfurter Rundschau claim that he is on the verge of snubbing all interest and staying with the reigning Europa League champions. JUST IN: Liverpool fans given more Jude Bellingham transfer hope by social media activity That will come as a blow for Juventus too, given that the Turin giants had also been heavily linked with the £17million-rated star. It is no surprise that there was serious interest, given that he has averaged over 15 goal contributions per season in the Bundesliga alone over the past four campaigns. Perhaps that's why the Bundesliga's official website has likened Kostic to Bale, the defender-turned-winger who had a tremendous stint with Spurs before fleeing for Real Madrid in a world record deal. The Welshman dazzled during his six years with the Lilywhites, picking up the PFA Player of the Year award in 2012/13. DON'T MISS: Thomas Tuchel could be on different page to Todd Boehly as Neymar to Chelsea gathers pace Although Kostic appears to have slipped through the net this time around, Spurs could still get their hands on him next summer when his Frankfurt contract expires. It remains to be seen if Conte is still at the helm by that point, with his own contract due to run out at the end of next season. There is little doubt that Spurs would like to keep the Italian in charge beyond that point, but Conte has become known for short bursts at various sides, during which he aims to achieve rapid success. There were murmurs of a reunion with the real Gareth Bale this summer as the Welshman sought a new club after his rollercoaster spell in Madrid came to an end. Bale is keen to keep match fit between now and the World Cup, but the move back to north London never materialised and he instead signed for Los Angeles FC.  One reunion that might have happened this summer would have involved Christian Eriksen. The Dane has seriously impressed since returning to the Premier League with Brentford in January, and a tug-of-war is ongoing to secure his services for next season. Conte left the door open in January by admitting that he would love to work with Eriksen at Tottenham, but despite launching an inquiry into his availability earlier this summer, Spurs are reported to have abandoned their interest in the free transfer.