The Duke of Sussex interviewed Olympic snowboarder Chloe Kim and psychologist Adam Grant in the short film for BetterUp. A relaxed-looking Harry, who is chief impact officer at the Silicon Valley firm, discusses mental fitness in the video. At one point, the Duke says: "What does the term mental fitness mean to you?" In another clip, Harry asks Chloe: "How would you describe your relationship between your mind and the body when it comes to operating at peak performance?" She replies: "It would be unrealistic for me to expect to go out there and land an amazing run, learn a new trick, if I wasn't feeling good mentally. "I can't expect myself to perform at my peak when I am doubting myself and I'm feeling negative emotions. "If I'm not feeling good mentally then it will jeopardise my physical health. "They go hand in hand and so for the past couple of years I've just been prioritising that, listening to my body and I'm in such a better place." The video prompted praise of the Duke from Twitter users. One person, Sandra Rappe, commented: "Prince Harry is a natural, he really connects with people..." Another with the handle @nubianqueen_5 wrote: "He is such an asset to them. Bravo Harry and @BetterUp." A third, @hopefulmindful, said: "Impactful and so needed." Another, @mstanley1226, commented: "The people prince." A fifth Twitter user, @dandylione, said: "Impactful and inspiring #PrinceHarry." One more, @dreamandthehope, added: "I've said it before and I'll say it again, if there's one thing Harry is gonna do its work." Harry, who has been open about his own mental health struggles, took on his role at BetterUp in 2021. The Duke said his goal as the company's first chief impact officer was to "lift up critical dialogues around mental health, build supportive and compassionate communities, and foster an environment for honest and vulnerable conversations". He said he would be focusing on driving advocacy and awareness for mental fitness, guiding the firm's social mission, influencing the vision of its platform, community and member experience, and expanding its global community. The Queen's grandson said at the time: "Self-optimisation is not about fixing something that's broken. "It's about becoming the best version of ourselves, with whatever life throws at us - someone who is ready for the next challenge and can meet setbacks with courage, confidence and self-awareness. "This is what BetterUp is making possible and I look forward to being on this journey with you." Harry is living in California with Meghan Markle after quitting royal duties in March 2021.