Loose Women's Judi Love called on the British public to “have fun” with the heatwave sweeping the nation as the UK braces itself for the highest temperatures on record. Talking to Kaye Adams, Jane Moore and Gloria Hunniford, she urged people to “protect” themselves but criticised scaremongering headlines for “sucking the joy” out of the warm temperatures. Kaye said: “We are at 40 degrees and all of those concerns that we have, should we be closing beaches, should we closing schools, should we be telling people to stay home?” Judi replied: “The reality is when it comes to the UK anything with the weather it’s almost like we can’t cope and we go into meltdown. “I do feel like we should have some fun with it, we have beautiful sunshine, protect yourself. “But when you’re seeing headlines about “red emergency” and “fatalities” it just sucks every bit of joy out of the experience that could be beautiful.” Read more: 'Pathetic' Kaye Adams admits lying to daughter about her real age “Yes I’m aware it has caused some people to be immature and not put themselves in safe regards,” she continued. “But I think we need to calm down and try to have a relaxing time.” Kaye interjected: “We’re talking about this short period of time that it’s going to be extreme. “But the underlying conversation is this the absolute clear evidence that the temperature of the planet is rising?” “Definitely,” the former Strictly Come Dancing contestant agreed. The results of a Loose Women poll showed viewers appeared to agree with Judi. Loose Women asked its Twitter followers: “With temperatures set to reach a record-breaking 40 degrees in some parts of the country, we want to know… Are you worried about the heatwave?” Over 70 percent of those who voted answered no. DON'T MISSStacey Solomon branded 'misunderstood' by Loose Women co-star [INSIGHT]'No comparison!' Denise Welch slammed over Mo Farah trafficking debate [VIDEO]Denise Welch sparks backlash with heatwave rant 'Probably won't die' [INTERVIEW] @lise_Jane77 commented: “It's summer!! People are saying "heatwave" because it's rare. They don't go abroad to other countries and class it as a heat wave!” @creativcap quipped: “I usually pay to get this kinda weather abroad and that is for the duration of my holiday usually about 14 days. “We can’t cope with excessive cold or hot weather in this country, it’s ridiculous.” “Not worried at all. Surely it’s common sense. Stay in the shade, stay hydrated and if in the sun, wear a hat and sunscreen,” @hkirkby69 wrote. @jacquij54 argued: “I don't see what the fuss is about, people pay thousands to get weather like this and it is only 2 days! As long as we check on the elderly and keep our animals safe and be as sensible ourselves like we would abroad I cannot understand all the fuss!” “@loosewomen Far too much over reacting going on, it’s laughable beyond words all these warnings,” @rock_thislife agreed. (sic) However, @wwcandace warned: “Very high temps are particularly dangerous for babies, the elderly and animals. Let's face it, some people have no clue, so warnings are necessary, the NHS doesn't need more pressure. It's not just about getting a tan.” Loose Women airs on ITV on weekdays at 12.30pm.