Lady Amelia Windsor, 26, stepped out in London on Wednesday evening dressed in a gorgeous multicoloured dress. The distant cousin of Princes William and Harry attended TVR's unveiling of an all-new lineup of electric vehicles at MNKY HSE. Amelia opted for a ruched dress, which is very on-trend for summer 2022.  The royal’s dress was half pink on the top, and the bottom half was orange-coloured. Amelia’s knee-length dress featured a sweetheart cut showing off her glowing tan. The royal opted to keep warm with a pink jacket to match the top half of her dress. The jacket was long-sleeved and appeared to be made from rain jacket material. READ MORE: 'The body does not lie': Inside Sophie Wessex & Edward's marriage  Amelia’s jacket was styled with cuffed sleeves for some added character. It is unclear where the dress is from, therefore it could be a couture dress or purchased second-hand. For accessories, the granddaughter of Prince Edward, Duke of Kent wore rings on several of her fingers. These rings were massive; some were white and some were orange-coloured.   Amelia also wore a gold chain necklace with a half moon pendant for added glamour. The 26-year-old royal wore her blonde hair down the side of her face for a simple look. Amelia wore a pair of Michael Kors pink zebra striped platform heels for footwear. These heels looked fantastic and gave the royal some added height.  READ MORE: Pippa Middleton buys new £15m property in Berkshire for growing family The pink colour also perfectly matched Amelia’s dress and jacket. She had painted her toenails red to tie the orange and pink outfit together. Amelia wore minimal makeup for Wednesday’s occasion, opting for a more natural look. The result was that the dress certainly stole the show.  Earlier in the day, Amelia wore a beautifully crafted artisan white blouse that boasted traditional Hungarian embroidery. She paired the rare item with some sand-toned jeans as she posed for a quick mirror selfie on Instagram. The socialite wore her blonde tresses down loose and opted for her signature fresh beauty glow. She shared the image via her Instagram Stories, alongside the caption: "@muzungusisters hand embroidered top – top embroidered in Budapest by a third generation artisan practising traditional Hungarian 'Mayto' embroidery." 