Queen Elizabeth, 96, owns some incredible jewels, and this year’s summer exhibition at Buckingham Palace focuses on portraits and jewellery from the time of the Queen’s accession in 1952. Numerous iconic photographs taken of the monarch by Dorothy Wilding are featured. Today, an incredible portrait of the Queen wearing her signature tiara, which was taken by Ms Wilding on February 26, 1952, went on display.  This photo was taken just weeks after the Queen ascended to the throne. The Queen's diamond diadem, which has also gone on display at Buckingham Palace today alongside the portrait that she's wearing it in, was taken just weeks into her reign. It is instantly recognisable as the headpiece worn by the Queen on postage stamps between 1953 and 1971. This diamond diadem is probably the most well recognised of all her pieces of jewellery.  It features 1,333 brilliant-cut diamonds, cut in a particular way. The brilliant cut diamonds have many facets, which have a look of exceptional brilliance, according to jewellery experts. Beautifully set with Edwardian cut stones, the tiara contains a striking four-carat fancy yellow diamond. It has been passed through the monarchy, and thus has a huge historic value.  Steven Stone experts estimate it to be worth around £6million. Jewellery experts at Steven Stone, have taken a close look at the stunning piece for Express.co.uk. Maxwell Stone said: “Dating back to the coronation of King George IV in the 1800s, the famous diamond diadem is beautifully set with Edwardian cut stones and a striking four-carat fancy yellow diamond. “It has been passed through the monarchy to Queen Alexandra, Queen Mary, Queen Elizabeth I and now Queen Elizabeth II. READ MORE: One British habit Kate Middleton likely avoids for a slim figure “It was modelled on postage stamps by the latter two royals. “Therefore it has huge historic value. “With this in mind, I’d estimate its worth to be around £6,000,000.” As well as for this royal portrait in 1952, Her Majesty wore the tiara for her first state opening of parliament in 1953. The Queen also wore the diadem on the way to her coronation, as well as in 2010 whilst returning to Buckingham Palace after the state opening of parliament.  This tiara will be on view in the State Rooms of Buckingham Palace during the Royal Collection’s summer opening, as part of an exhibition exploring the Queen’s accession. It was created for the coronation of King George IV in 1821. Queen Elizabeth II is not the only monarch to have worn it when modelling for postage stamps, either. Her great, great-grandmother Queen Victoria was also featured wearing it on the Penny Black stamp. 