Olympic Hockey Gold medallists Kate and Helen Richardson-Walsh have spoken about the need to ‘break down barriers’ for people with physical disabilities to participate in the sport. The two stars are Ambassadors for Flyerz, a grassroots inclusive hockey programme run by Access Sport and England Hockey. The programme was set up in 2012 to enable disabled and non-disabled players to play together and runs 50 hockey clubs around the country. “We got involved with Flyerz and after 2012 after visiting a hockey club in Waltham Forest’” Kate explained. “It was the first time we’d seen people with physical disabilities playing on a hockey pitch with everybody and it was amazing. “There was just so much joy and energy and it reminded me of why we love the sport. We need to break down some of those barriers for people and that’s why we are involved.” Both players were part of the gold medal-winning Team GB women’s hockey team at the 2016 Olympics in Rio, with Kate captaining the team to victory. They hence have a huge standing within the world of hockey and hope to use this platform to help inspire others. The pair attend events, meet players and coaches and get involved with roadshows to help promote the programme. “We want to use our platform to get people interested in Flyerz and make hockey more inclusive,” Kate continued. “Clubs are the heartbeat of the sport so that’s really important. This is an opportunity to get more people from all backgrounds playing the sport.” “The Paralympics in 2012 really changed a lot of things around para-sport and made people wake up, and we wanted to know how we could use our profile to help,” Helen added. The duo, who married each other in 2013, were speaking ahead of the 2022 Commonwealth Games in Birmingham which gets started at the end of this month. The games will include the largest ever para-sports programme and there are high hopes that it will help people from different backgrounds give sports like hockey a try for the first time. “It’s so good that the para-sports run alongside the main programme in the Commonwealth Games,” Kate said. “It just makes it inclusive and it’s a huge opportunity to say ‘look this is just people playing sport’ and people giving their best performance.” “It’s such a great opportunity for people in the city, especially young people to go and see so many different sports,” Helen added. “Going to see a sport like that for the first time can spark an interest that lasts for a lifetime.” The couple had the opportunity to participate in a home Commonwealth Games in 2002 when it was held in Manchester. The North-West city was where Kate grew up and she believes it is important for the organisers to highlight the diversity within the host cities. "Being part of the Commonwealth Games in Manchester was amazing to showcase the city and everything it offers,” she maintained. “Manchester is like Birmingham in terms of its diverse communities and that’s what makes those cities so wonderful. Speaking to the organisers of the Games in Birmingham they are really going to showcase that which is great because it reflects the city." England are yet to win a Commonwealth gold medal despite the Olympic success many of the team’s members enjoyed as part of Team GB. Despite this, Kate was keen to talk up the nation’s chances. “This is a great opportunity and it would be brilliant to do it on home soil,” she exclaimed. “I think England should medal, there’s no reason why they can’t do it.” Access Sport and Flyerz Ambassadors Kate and Helen Richardson Walsh were speaking ahead of the West Midlands Flyerz Festival. Flyerz is a disability inclusive approach to hockey which enables disabled and non-disabled to pick up a stick and play together. To find out more search Flyerz Hockey