Santander is a legitimate and trusted organisation for millions of people to complete their banking needs. However, scammers are capitalising on the well-known name to lead Britons into a false sense of security and steal their details. One such scam has emerged in recent days, which comes across as an innocuous text. It reads: “An attempt to add H SANU was denied. If this was not you please visit: denyaddaccess . com.” What has concerned people most about this message is that it appears in the same text trail as previous, legitimate messages from the real Santander. This is an example of number spoofing, where fraudsters can replicate the real number of a real organisation to add legitimacy to their claims. READ MORE: Inheritance tax could be ‘scrapped’ for Capital Gains Tax However, Britons should never click the link contained within messages of this kind. This is because it will redirect them to a phishing website, designed for the specific purpose of harvesting a person’s details. Criminals could go on to commit identity theft, and even clear out a person’s bank account with the details they have garnered. A number of people shared their concerns via social media after receiving a text of this type. DON'T MISSState pension warning as Britons may fall short of full sum [INSIGHT]Britons warned of ‘more misery’ as interest rate hikes predicted [UPDATE]Pensioners could be eligible for top up worth £3,300 plus £650 payment [LATEST] Twitter user @grayham1987 said: “Is this real? I don’t know if it is? Thank you.” @Hannorr1 echoed the sentiment, writing: “Santander - not a clue what this is for.” @lovestephanieb added: “I’ve has two payment authorisation requests in the past hour. No payment requests made.” While @Cute_Kitty92 stated: “I had a scam text about Santander saying there was an unauthorised payment. READ MORE: ‘Take advantage!’ Pensioners could secure vital help with energy bills “It had a dodgy link as well. I’m not even with Santander. I just don’t respond to scams, I just delete it.” Santander has taken to social media to confirm reports of this scam, and protect those who have received it. They advise individuals to send the text in an email to smishing@santander.co.uk. People can also report the scam text to their network provider by forwarding the message to 7726. Santander has said there is “no one-size-fits-all approach” when it comes to protecting oneself from scams. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea However, individuals can take action by thinking carefully about the legitimacy of any contact they receive. The bank warned: “ Anyone can be easily impersonated, and criminals can make the caller ID, email address or name look exactly like the genuine caller. So, if you receive an email, text or call, verify it’s genuine by phoning them back on a known and trusted number. “Remember, your bank, the police or any trusted organisation will never ask you to withdraw, transfer or send back money from your account. If you’re asked to do this, it’s a scam.” People should also never allow anyone to access their computer or devices remotely. This is because criminals can ask a person to click on a link or download an app for their own nefarious gain. Those who are concerned or think they have responded to a scam text should contact Santander on 0800 9 123 123. They can also report the matter to Action Fraud on 0300 123 2040.