Tom Bower, a royal biographer whose recent book, entitled Revenge: Meghan, Harry and the war between the Windsors, was published on Thursday, told GB News that the Queen had “seen through” the Duke and Duchess of Sussex as they tried to make a “grand entrance” to her Platinum Jubilee. Mr Bower claimed the California couple felt “slighted” by the Royal Family after being made to sit away from the aisle during the St Paul’s Cathedral Thanksgiving service on the second day of the celebrations.    Mr Bower said: “I mean, what was a really remarkable story that I heard was that Meghan and Harry were late to get to St Paul’s Cathedral [for the Platinum Jubilee service]. “They had done that deliberately so they could make their own grand entrance. “As they are walking down the aisle, they get to their seats, nine and 10, and they say well everyone should move up so they can be on the aisle itself. “‘No’, says the usher to Prince Harry. ‘No. You’re to sit at nine and 10.’    “‘Who told you to tell me where to sit?’ [said Harry] ‘Your grandmother’, says the usher. And then Prince Harry goes in the middle. “And then they did in the end really control it. No photographs on the next day meeting for the Jubilee, meeting in Windsor castle, and all the rest of it. “The Queen sees through [Meghan and Harry]. And I think Charles and William have encouraged her to do so. I think, however, they hope for peace. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan ‘damage themselves in how often they file lawsuits' [INSIGHT]   “But my feeling now is Harry is pondering whether he should take his revenge for having been slighted during the Jubilee, and being given a reduced status. “And, of course, his revenge would be in the book he is going to write. “Meghan has partly had her revenge with the Oprah Winfrey interview, but I think the way they can monetise themselves is by more and more revenge against the family who in the end, wish them so well and wanted them to be members of the family.” DON'T MISS: Prince Harry WINS High Court appeal in Home Office row [REVEAL]Prince Harry faces savage calls to be stripped of royal titles [REPORT] Meghan and Harry could be 'used by Netflix' to 'promote drama' [REVEAL]   It comes as Prince Harry won permission today to legally challenge a government decision that denied him police protection while in Britain. The prince received the full police protection generally given to royal figures before he decided to step back from his royal duties and move to the United States with wife Meghan in 2020. But the Home Office decided in February that year that Harry would cease receiving personal police security while in Britain even if he were to cover the cost himself. On Friday, a British High Court judge granted permission for part of Harry's claim for a judicial review - a process where a judge examines the lawfulness of a public body's decision, paving the way for his withdrawn right to police protection to be reinstated. READ NEXT: Prince Harry backlash: Popular US TV host issues blistering rantMeghan and Harry entering 'second part of transformation'Royal Family LIVE: Queen gives Kate and William vital role Meghan’s alleged feud with Beckham’s laid bare‘Fun uncle’ Prince Harry’s bond with nephew George ‘suffered’  