Arsenal are back interested in signing Juventus midfielder Arthur Melo, according to reports. The Gunners were linked with the Brazilian in January and are claimed to have reactivated their pursuit. Arsenal are in the market for a central midfielder and have been linked with Leicester's Youri Tielemans throughout the summer. But it appears he is not the only player in that position who the Gunners are keeping an eye on. Mikel Arteta has made four signings so far this summer and is set to make it five with the arrival of Oleksandr Zinchenko. The Gunners have agreed a £30million fee with Manchester City for the versatile left-back. But Arsenal's business is not set to be finished there. Italian football reporter Giacomo Iacobellis says the north London club are again keen on signing Arthur. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd announcement, Chelsea signing 'very close', De Jong update  Iacobellis claims Arthur is in talks with Juve over skipping their pre-season tour to the USA next week in order to spend time searching for a new club. Arsenal and Arthur's former side Barcelona are said to be the only teams in the running for the 25-year-old. Iacobellis tweeted: "The #Arsenal has reactivated the plan #Arthur: the player and the #Juventus are mutually talking about skipping the US tour to see how open operations progress. "Arthur never considered the #Roma among his options. Either Arsenal or #FCBarcelona now." Arsenal wanted to sign Arthur on loan in January to cover for a lack of midfield options. Arteta only wanted him for six months but Juve were hoping for an 18-month loan, which ultimately saw a deal fall through. DON'T MISSFrenkie de Jong ‘makes decision' on publicly pushing for Man Utd transferMan Utd owners the Glazers may sanction biggest Frenkie de Jong twist of allChelsea 'very close' to completing third summer signing after Koulibaly unveiled  Arsenal technical director Edu presented Juve's offer to his hierarchy. However, the Gunners board decided against signing him. Arthur joined Juve in 2020 in a deal which saw Miralem Pjanic move in the opposite direction. He has made 63 appearances for the Old Lady in his two campaigns at the club. However, he made just 11 starts in Serie A last term following the return of Massimiliano Allegri as manager. If Arsenal were to sign Arthur, he would be the third Brazilian arrival this summer. Gabriel Jesus has joined from City for a fee of £45million. Meanwhile, young winger Marquinhos has signed from Sao Paulo. USA goalkeeper Matt Turner and Portuguese midfielder Fabio Vieira are the other two signings Arteta has made to date. Turner and Jesus were the only new faces to feature in the 2-0 pre-season friendly win over Everton in Baltimore on Saturday. 