Matteo Berrettini has been forced to apologise after causing offence when he shared a photo of his “biggest idol” Lebron James to his Instagram story. The former Wimbledon finalist put a gorilla emoji alongside the snap, claiming he didn’t realise the racist connotations that came with using it before deleting the story. Berrettini reposted one of LeBron’s photos to his Instagram story, showing the American basketball star returning wearing a pro-am Drew League jersey for the first time in 11 years as he returned to the League. The world No 15 added a gorilla emoji and a crown emoji as he reposted one of the photos, immediately causing controversy. The story remained up for several hours before the Italian tennis player deleted it and issued a grovelling apology as he claimed he was not aware of the offence the gorilla emoji would cause. “I am very sorry if my previous story post offended anyone,” he wrote later on Sunday. “I was informed that it can easily be misinterpreted so I have deleted it. Lebron is my biggest idol. Incredible role model and inspiration.” LeBronshared a series of photos of himself during the game, including one with some emojis showing steam coming from the nostrils, though this appeared to be misinterpreted by Berrettini. JUST IN: Kyrgios shares private message from Stormzy before Wimbledon final  Fans have since taken to social media to share their disappointment in the seven-time title winner for not being aware of the racist connotations of the gorilla emoji. “I want people to understand that we all know Berrettini didn’t mean to be racist,” one tweeted. “I’m upset cause I think a 26yo man should know that you can’t use a f****** monkey when you’re referring to a black person.” The Italian has previously shared his love for the Lakers icon, as he got the chance to watch his “idol” while in California for the Indian Wells Masters earlier this year. DON'T MISSDjokovic's trick to breaking down Kyrgios' serve in Wimbledon finalNovak Djokovic's coach reflects on 's****y year' despite Wimbledon winDjokovic 'scared' by Kyrgios moves which led to Wimbledon final errors  “Wake me up,” he wrote in another Instagram story back in March as he shared a snap of himself metres away as he watched on for a clash between the Los Angeles Lakers and the Golden State Warriors, also sharing a photo of himself posing with Floyd Mayweather.  LeBron returned to the summer basketball league for the first time since the NBA lockout in 2011, and led the MMV Cheaters squad to a 104-102 win over Black Pearl, scoring 42 points during his return to the Drew League. 