Ons Jabeur shared a nice moment with Tatjana Maria on Centre Court after beating her good friend to reach the Wimbledon final. Maria and Jabeur share a strong friendship away from the court with the Tunisian star saying the Wimbledon semi-finallist is her "barbeque buddy" earlier at Wimbledon. The pair had to put their friendship to one side on Thursday though with both competing for a place in Wimbledon's final on Saturday. Neither player have managed to reach a Grand Slam final in their career and the semi-final proved to be a close contest after Maria won the second set to force a decider. But Jabeur stepped up her game in the third and had too much for Maria in the end. There were muted celebrations from Jabeur when Maria hit into the net to see the 27-year-old progress to Saturday's final. Usually players share a quick handshake at the net before the loser departs the court to cheers from the crowd. But the good friends shared a warm embrace on court before Jabeur gestured to share the spotlight with her opponent. Instead of taking the applause after putting down he racket, Jabeur pulled Maria back into the middle of the court for the fans to give her one last cheer. And the respect between the two was clear with Jabeur still amazed at what Maria has achieved at Wimbledon this week after giving birth to a second child in April last year. "I definitely wanted to share the moment with her at the end there," Jabeur said. "She's such an inspiration for so many players including me. "Coming back after having two babies, I still can't believe how she did it. Physically she is a beast, she doesn't give up any points and she made me run. "I thought she'd get tired but she didn't, even with drop shots. Her touch, her serve, everything is impressive and I love to see her like this. But let's not play again!" Jabeur has also broke new grounds for African tennis players in becoming the first Arab or North African woman to ever reach the final of a Grand Slam. And the Wimbledon star is hoping she will be joined on the WTA Tour by more players from Africa in the future. "I'm a proud Tunisian woman standing here today," she said. "I know they're going crazy there right now and I try to inspire as much as I can. "I want to see more African players on tour and I want to share this experience with them."  