The couple from Scunthorpe said that they were left feeling “upset” and “unwelcome” in Cleethorpes due to the error. The pair often visit the destination to unwind and relax as they both suffer from several health issues. Christine, 66, and Michael, 64, Dawson use their VW camper van to relax and get away from reality. Sadly, the pair have a number of health problems which makes going places very difficult. Michael suffers from poor health with his knees and struggles to walk. Christine, on the other hand, has IBS and anxiety, meaning she needs to be close to a toilet. READ MORE: 'Only a matter of time' before diesel vehicles are 'prohibited' She also struggles with being in busy places. As a result, the pair journey to Cleethorpes most weeks, parking at the Thrunscoe Land car park, near the Boating Lake. However, last week the pair were left horrified when they found the rules had changed, GrimsbyLive reported. This meant they were unable to park their motor home in their usual spot. DON'T MISS Drivers urged to make use of simple button to boost fuel efficiency [INSIGHT] Little-known car cleaning hack will boost fuel economy by 10 percent [REVEAL] 'Volatile' political climate hitting drivers with petrol, diesel costs [WARNING] The incident has since left Christine and Michael wondering if they will ever be able to return to one of their favourite places. Christine said: "We come to Cleethorpes around once a week, but can only use about three car parks because we both have a number of health conditions, I need to be near a toilet and Michael can't walk too far. “I also have anxiety so can't go too far from home, but I feel safe when we're out in the van. "I don't like going to the front too often either as I don't feel comfortable so where we park is brilliant." READ MORE: Drivers urged to avoid keeping beer in cars as it may cause damage However, during their last visit on July 8, the couple was shocked to see the parking rules had apparently changed. Christine said: "I had a look at what it said after going to the loo and realised that we weren't allowed to park there anymore. “The sign said no camper vans or motor homes, when I told my husband he thought I was joking. "We left the car park in search of somewhere we could go, but all the signs said the same thing wherever we looked. We didn't know what to do or where to go." Christine became very upset, worried that she wouldn't be able to come back to her favourite place again. The pair said they were “gutted” by the apparent change in the rules as their day out in Cleethorpes is the one outing they have together. Christine said: "Disabled people should be allowed a life too, just because we have a camper van as our main car doesn't mean we shouldn't be able to park. "I felt panicked all day as we drove around desperately looking for somewhere we could go." She added: "This place is the one thing I could cling on to for my memories and after all these years it might just be gone, it's so upsetting. "It took me years to get to a point where I felt I could leave the house with Michael and now I don't even feel welcome here, I never thought this would ever happen." In response, a spokesperson for North East Lincolnshire Council, who run the car park in question, said: "I’d like to apologise to the couple who have highlighted this to us for the inconvenience this has caused them. This was a human error, and the word 'overnight' was missed from the current signage. "We are working towards having a dedicated area for campers and caravans to use in the resort, but that project has been delayed somewhat over the last few years. This, however, has re-highlighted the need, along with the identification in the Masterplan consultation, to get it sorted for our visitors sooner rather than later.”