Charles Leclerc has been told his championship battle with Max Verstappen might already be out of his hands by a Formula One legend. Double world champion Mika Hakkinen claims Leclerc may need to rely on Verstappen to suffer another retirement to close him down in the title race. Leclerc won the Austrian Grand Prix on Sunday to secure his first victory since April. However, he closed just five points over the course of the weekend after Verstappen won Saturday’s sprint race and grabbed the fastest lap during the Grand Prix. Hakkinen praised Ferrari’s aggressive strategy to beat Red Bull in Austria, but warned Leclerc will now need to rely on outside factors. He said: “Carlos [Sainz’s] engine failure shows that Ferrari still have work to do on reliability and I am sure they must know where the problems lie. “Charles cannot afford to have those kinds of failures if he is to close the gap to Max. In fact he needs Max to have a non-finish if the points gap in the World Championship is to really close down.” READ MORE: Ferrari admit trying to 'destabilise' Max Verstappen to help Leclerc Both teams have had their fair share of reliability woes this season with mechanical failures already playing a big part. Verstappen suffered two failures in the first three races which allowed Leclerc to open up a 46-point advantage. However, the Dutchman has finished outside the podium just once this season when he has reached the chequered flag as his superb consistency from last year continues. In comparison, Leclerc has ended outside the top-three four times when he has finished the race. The Ferrari leader had also suffered two reliability issues with failures at the Spanish and Azerbaijan Grands Prix. These issues alongside some strategy mistakes have seen the championship table switch with Leclerc now 38 points behind the reigning champion in the standings. DON'T MISSFerrari boss provides concerning Charles Leclerc update [INSIGHT]Helmut Marko admits Charles Leclerc and Ferrari fears after win [ANALYSIS]Lewis Hamilton and Max Verstappen drama as trio under investigation [COMMENT] Team principal Mattia Binotto appeared to realise Leclerc’s slow progress in the championship hunt last weekend. He was thrilled Mercedes were closer to the front as he admitted they could play a factor in helping them close on Verstappen. Mercedes competing for third or fourth at some races with Ferrari winning them would help Leclerc close the gap quickly and would see 10-15 point swings per event. He explained: “I am happy that Mercedes are back. They were very competitive today in the race. It is great for the championship but they can take off some points as well to our direct competitors.”