Wimbledon chiefs are reportedly angry after organisers were secretly fined £827,000 by the Women’s Tennis Association for their decision to ban Russian and Belarusian players from this year’s tournament. Wimbledon handed out their ban at the end of April after Russia took the deadly decision to invade Ukraine. The WTA have secretly fined the Lawn Tennis Association and the All England Club £620k and £207k respectively as punishments for not allowing players to compete at Wimbledon warm-up tournaments in Eastbourne, Nottingham and Birmingham. The LTA’s fine is bigger because they run the tournaments in Nottingham and Eastbourne, but the All England Club, who are in charge of Wimbledon, have also been impacted as they hold the licence for Birmingham. According to the Daily Mail, British tennis chiefs are particularly aggrieved by the fines as the tournaments at Nottingham and Birmingham run at a loss every year and are only put on to support the progression of women’s tennis. And the organisations are now set to appeal the fines. JUST IN: Wimbledon fans accused of watching Nick Kyrgios 'for wrong reasons'  But the fines must be paid in full before an appeal can be lodged, meaning the organisations have no option other than to put their hands in their pockets before trying to claim the cash back. And to add to the problems, the WTA board that will hear the appeal, is chaired by WTA chief Steve Simon - the very person who decided to fine them in the first place. The British government, who supported the bans, are said to have reacted angrily to the fines and will back the appeal. And Culture Secretary Nadine Dorries has slammed the WTA for dishing out the punishments. “Since February the vast majority of the international sporting community have come together in solidarity to condemn [Vladimir] Putin's barbaric actions in Ukraine,” she said. “Regrettably the international tennis federations appear determined to be outcasts in this. The LTA and Wimbledon should be praised for their move to make Russia an international sporting pariah, and doing what is right in the current circumstances.” DON'T MISSNadal sends message to Federer after causing a storm at WimbledonNick Kyrgios refuses to apologise for Wimbledon outburst vs TsitsipasKyrgios slams 'not liked' Tsitsipas and fires shots after 'circus'   After originally issuing the ban, All England Club chairman Ian Hewitt said it was their only way forward. “We recognise that this is hard on the individuals affected, and it is with sadness that they will suffer for the actions of the leaders of the Russian regime,” he said in April. “We have very carefully considered the alternative measures that might be taken within the UK Government guidance but, given the high profile environment of The Championships, the importance of not allowing sport to be used to promote the Russian regime and our broader concerns for public and player (including family) safety, we do not believe it is viable to proceed on any other basis at The Championships.” 