Boris Johnson has resigned after a number of his own MPs turned against him. Throughout his career, Boris Johnson has dabbled in journalism, writing books, legislating policy, representing London as mayor, as well as being involved in several political controversies. From getting stuck on a zip wire in 2012 to his frequent verbal splurges of Latin, the Prime Minister has made a fortune. Boris Johnson’s net worth is reported to be £1.6million according to Celebrity Net Worth. He is currently the Prime Minister of the UK and Leader of the Conservative Party. As Prime Minister, Boris earns £79,496 and an additional £81,392 for being an MP. This totals to an annual net income of £160,888, which means he is one of the top 1 percent of earners in the UK. READ MORE: Bob Ross fortune: Artist worth millions who made more art than Picasso Before his role as Prime Minister, Boris earned up to £275,000 a year for his weekly column in The Daily Telegraph. When taking on the role of Prime Minister, he had to relinquish this position. Before becoming Prime Minister in 2019, he served as Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs from 2016 to 2018. He was Mayor of London from 2008 to 2016. DON'T MISS...Meghan Markle’s new ring has hidden political message [STYLE]Greene King offering free pints if you have a certain surname [NEWS]Kate Middleton’s new accessory to ‘inject fun & personality’ to outfit [COMMENT] Boris also served as a Member of Parliament for Uxbridge and South Ruislip since 2015, having previously served as an MP for Henley from 2001 to 2008. Prior to becoming an MP, Boris was the editor of The Spectator from 1999 to 2005. He started working life as a journalist first at The Times and later become The Daily Telegraph’s Brussels correspondent. READ MORE: Boris Johnson resigns: What happens now? In addition to his earnings, Boris is also the proprietor of substantial financial assets. He owns properties in Oxfordshire, Exmoor and recently bought a house in South London for a reported £1.3million with his wife Carrie Symonds. Life beyond Number 10, former UK Prime Ministers are entitled to an allowance of £115,000 a year. Should Boris follow in his predecessor's footsteps, he can expect to enjoy lucrative book deals and speaker events. It comes after The Independent reported Tony Blair claimed more then £1million in public funds since he stepped down as Prime Minister in 2007. Boris got married to Carrie Symonds last May in a secretly-planned wedding at Westminster Cathedral. Together, they have two children; Wilfred and Romy.