This unconscionable terrorist atrocity was bankrolled by American money. Two hours later a second IRA bomb planted beneath Regent's Park bandstand exploded as 30 military bandsmen of the Royal Green Jackets performed. Seven bandsmen lost their lives. This unconscionable IRA terrorist atrocity was also bankrolled by American money. As well as those killed outright, other soldiers in the procession were among at least 51 people - including civilians and police officers - who were injured. For half a century money raised for "Irish charities" in the United States of America helped pay for the IRA's murder of about 1,800 Irish and British men women and children. President Joe Biden should be ashamed of this. Instead Mr Biden uses his clumsy fake Irishness as a stick to beat a Britain he clearly holds in contempt. It would just be embarrassing if it wasn't so dangerous. Mr Biden is still, just about, the most powerful man on the planet. What he says matters. And, just days ago in Jerusalem, the 46th US President uttered the latest in a contemptible series of unbridled, nasty, and pointless attacks on Britain. Attacks which do nothing but give succour to our enemies. He said: “The background of my family is Irish American. And we have a long history not fundamentally unlike the Palestinian people, with Great Britain and their attitude toward Irish Catholics over the years for 400 years.” He's not Irish. He's not even close to Irish. He's about as Irish as those godawful green pints of lager they sell in American bars on St Patrick's Day. Think they drink that muck in Dublin Joe? Or Kilkenny? Or Dingle? They don't. They drink Guinness. And it's black. Joe's family left Ireland in 1850- 172 years ago - so it's not surprising his grasp of the Emerald Isle, its history and its people, is embarrassingly trite. But this lack of understanding has been no bar to Joe's cynical attempts to court the Irish-American vote, even if that means - and it does - stoking the dying embers of Irish sectarianism. He doesn't care about Ireland and he doesn't care about Britain - he's a career politician and he cares about the one in 10 American voters who claim Irish heritage. And if that means bad-mouthing the country he's supposed to have a "special relationship" with, tough.   Mr Biden has also made numerous Brexit-hating attacks on Britain which could have been scripted by Brussels. As Lord Frost and Boris Johnson were in the thick of trying to find a way forward in 2019 he said this: “The idea of having the border north and south once again being closed, it's just not right. We've just got to keep the border open." Of course at no point in Brexit negotiations was there ever the prospect of a hard border, wall, fence, guards or anything like being on the table. Maybe he was confusing it with the one between the USA and Mexico. It was just another example of Mr Biden bad-mouthing Britain for no reason other than vote-chasing. He has made his contempt for Britain abundantly clear. In his Parliamentary swansong yesterday Boris Johnson advised his successor to "stay close to the Americans". But, as Joe Biden continues to sneer from across the Pond and repeat his baseless attacks on us with impunity, one wonders whether the Americans want to stay close to us? 