Having started riding ponies at the age of three, Queen Elizabeth II’s love affair with all things equestrian goes back almost a century. Channel 5 explores the monarch’s love and extensive knowledge of equestrian pursuits in a follow up episode of ‘The Queen's Horses: Inside the Royal Stables’, which airs tonight at 7pm. Cameras are given exclusive access behind the scenes of the stables at the Royal Mews, where some of the monarch's favourite working horses live in luxury. Her Majesty’s love of riding evolved into a passion for horse racing, and having inherited the breeding and racing stock of her late father King George VI, the monarch has bred and owned many thoroughbred horses throughout her reign. Her horses don the famous colours, a purple jacket with gold braid, red sleeves and a black velvet cap with a gold fringe, which are the same racing colours used by her father and great-grandfather, King Edward VII. Last month marked the first time in her 70-year reign that the Queen did not attend the Royal Ascot, perhaps her favourite racing event of the year. And to add insult to injury, Her Majesty had no winners over the course of the week. READ MORE: Queen 'very much regards Kate as safe pair of hands' to protect Royal Family 'Great trust' The loss came off the back of all of her runners having to pull out of the Epsom Derby, which took place during her Platinum Jubilee weekend. However, these meetings are not necessarily a reflection of the Queen’s track record in the sport. In fact, according to new research conducted by OLBG, the world’s second longest reigning monarch has won a staggering £8.7million from horse racing since 1988. In the last three and half decades, the Queen has entered horses in 3,441 races in the UK and won 566 of them. Her Majesty’s most successful year as a horse race owner came just last year, winning 36 races, the most she has managed in a year, after entering 166, the highest number of races a horse of hers has entered in a calendar year. This gave the monarch a win percentage of 22 percent, along with earnings of a whopping £584,399. Her least successful year came in 2002, having entered a runner in just 61 races, the second lowest number since the year before, when she entered 56. In this year, she claimed just £79,542 in prize money. Despite being the year of her Golden Jubilee, 2002 was a particularly difficult period for Her Majesty. In the space of less than two months, the Queen lost both her sister Princess Margaret and her mother Queen Elizabeth, the Queen Mother. DON'T MISSPrince Harry gearing up for 'big surprise launch' for tell-all book [REVEAL]'Doesn't know what he wants' Prince Harry's future career in question [REPORT]Meghan's favourite jewel Harry exchanged for 'precious treasure' [REVEAL] The Queen Mother was a huge horse racing lover, with it being estimated that she had owned more than 500 winners in her lifetime. Racing, and the horses they bred and owned, were the mother-daughter duo’s big mutual interest. It has been said that the Queen reads the Racing Post over breakfast each morning, and when her mother was alive, this time would also be used to talk over the phone about the sport. Her Majesty’s greatest day as a horse owner came in 2013, when Estimate won the Ascot Gold Cup, the biggest race of the meeting. According to body language expert Darren Stanton, Her Majesty’s love of horses and horse racing was made clear when she celebrated her horse’s win. He told The Mirror in June: “The Queen’s love of racing and the extreme passion that she shows once again just demonstrates how human and down-to-earth the Queen is as she is showing all the normal emotions that we all display.” He added: “This is evident in footage of her celebrating her horse, Estimate, winning the Ascot Gold Cup in 2013; the footage of the Queen watching her horse triumph is one of the most revealing and fantastic pieces of footage of the Queen there is. “The Queen makes several interesting gestures and often leans forward when watching her horses, which is a sign of great interest. When watching her horse win, she has the most genuine and engaging expressions of enjoyment on her face.” Mr Stanton continued “The crows feet at the side of her eyes — which everyone possesses regardless of age — are fully engaged showing that she is in a moment of most ecstatic joy. “She also slams the palms of her hands down on the counter in front of her which again is a gesture we tend to make when we have just witnessed something that we are truly passionate about. “The Queen also leans back and puts out her chest, which is a gesture of pride and achievement.” The monarch used her Platinum Jubilee year to tribute her and the late Prince Philip’s love for horses. In May, she made her first public appearance in months to attend the Royal Windsor Horse Show, which saw her granddaughter Lady Louise Windsor pay homage to the Duke of Edinburgh and a special Jubilee performance honour the Queen and Philip’s contributions to the equestrian world. To mark her birthday in April, a photograph of the monarch with two fell ponies was released. Mr Stanton commented on the picture, saying it is “clear that she [the Queen] has a deep rapport with both horses and they know just who is in charge.” He added: “It’s clear that the horses and the Queen have such a deep connection that she trusts them not to misbehave and they accept the Queen is in charge, so it is very much what we call in psychology a ‘power pose’ that demonstrates the Queen’s high level of confidence in her horses.”