The Duchess of Sussex has always had flawless skin and rarely wears a lot of make-up. However, Meghan is passionate about skincare and has revealed a few of her beauty secrets in the past. What are they? Before marrying Prince Harry in 2018 and becoming a member of the Royal Family, Meghan wrote a lifestyle blog called The Tig. She posted about food, travel, fashion, and beauty, sharing skincare tips and tricks with her fans. The Duchess stressed the importance of looking after one’s skin, especially as one ages. In an interview with Best Health in 2015, Meghan said: “As I’m getting older, my approach to ageing is quite different. READ MORE: Meghan's 'firm' gesture to Harry - 'Signals of anxiety' “I make sure that I take care of my skin and body, especially with the work hours I have.” This is when Meghan worked long hours as an actress – the Duchess shot to fame in the early 2000s as she played the role of Rachel Zane in Suits. One of Meghan’s anti-ageing secrets is to make sure to do facial exercises and massages. “I swear it works, as silly as you may feel,” she told Birchbox in 2014, referring to a facial routine developed by the aesthetician Nicola Joss.  She added: “On the day I do it, my cheekbones and jawline are way more sculpted.” After doing her facial exercises and moisturising, Meghan usually puts on a little make-up. Instead of foundation she wears primer. In 2017, she spoke about using Laura Mercier Illuminating Primer, which is available for £17 at Cult Beauty. “I don’t wear foundation unless I’m filming so this is what I put on every day after moisturiser to give my skin a dewy glow,” Meghan said. Another beauty product Meghan is a fan of is a face serum called Quench Hydrating Face Serum, which is available for £68 at Look Fantastic. She also makes sure to take care of her lips, praising a lip balm named Fresh Sugar Advanced Therapy Treatment, which featured sea fennel and orange extracts. “I have searched high and low and tried every kind of lip balm, but this is the very best,” Meghan said. “Soft, kissable, buttery lips. I swear by it.” Meghan’s night-time skincare routine is just as important as her morning regime. Before going to sleep, she said she makes sure to wash her face thoroughly and get rid of any make-up, sweat, or dirt that has gathered there during the day. Speaking about the benefits of “cleansing cloths”, the Duchess said: “They’re great to keep in the car and on your nightstand when you have those horribly lazy nights that the thought of getting up to actually wash your face seems unbearable.” After washing in the evening, it is worth putting on body lotion before going to bed. Meghan’s lotion of choice is the Nivea Kin Firming Hydration Body Lotion, according to Beauty Banter. The Duchess told the website: “I use this religiously, it’s honestly my favourite lotion on the market. “It’s so affordable, and makes my skin look and feel amazing. I would buy a case of this at a time if I could find it.”