 A new campaign called “Travel Like You Know Them” is encouraging positive behaviour on roads and protecting those more at risk. It will promote Highway Code changes and point out that vehicles don't make journeys, people do.  People driving, walking and cycling are being encouraged to give space and be considerate to other road users in the Government’s latest THINK! road safety campaign. It will look to offer a snapshot into the lives of people who use the roads, aiming to help people see beyond the mode of transport and improve understanding of how others use and see the roads. The campaign follows the first phase of the THINK! Campaign launched in February to highlight the changes to the Highway Code. According to the DfT, 87 percent of people surveyed were aware of the changes. READ MORE: ULEZ expansion is ‘another money grab’ by Sadiq Khan  Roads Minister Baroness Vere praised the new campaign, saying it would ensure the most vulnerable on the roads are kept safe. She said: “People tend to see cycles, lorries and cars on the roads rather than thinking of the person using them – but it could be your family member, your friend or your colleague. “We have some of the safest roads in the world but I am determined to make them even safer, particularly as more people choose to walk, cycle and ride for their journeys. “This campaign encourages everyone to see the person behind the wheel or handlebars, to build more understanding of others on the road, and help keep everyone safe.” DON'T MISS'Don't coast': Drivers warned of common fuel-saving hack [SHOCKING]Drivers urged to avoid popular seaside car park [WARNING]Drivers urged to follow vital air conditioning tips to save fuel [IMPORTANT]  Earlier this year, the Department for Transport unveiled new rules for the Highway Code aimed at improving road safety for those that are most vulnerable on roads, including cyclists, pedestrians and horse riders. The changes included the creation of a “hierarchy of road users”, ensuring that the greatest responsibility sits with those who can do the greatest harm. Cyclists were also given priorities at junctions when travelling ahead, as well as pedestrian priority on pavements and at crossings. The campaign aims to foster mutual respect to embed the new Highway Code rules in the day-to-day behaviour of people driving, walking and cycling.  The changes include clarifying cycle positioning, emphasising the priority at junctions for pedestrians and cyclists, guidance on safe passing distances and speeds when overtaking, and on opening car doors, the “Dutch reach”. The Dutch Reach technique has been promoted by the Government as a way for drivers to protect oncoming cyclists and pedestrians from being hit by doors. The manoeuvre sees drivers using their opposite hand to open their door, forcing them to turn their body and allowing them to see over their shoulder and through the rear windows for anyone coming towards them. Mary Williams OBE, chief executive of Brake said: “On behalf of road victims and everyone who uses roads, Brake is a passionate supporter of the Government’s THINK campaign, and its focus on driver behaviour and protection of those most at risk, particularly people on bicycles and walking.  “The Highway Code’s new hierarchy of road users is a vital step forwards that everyone can help promote, particularly to drivers, to prevent tragedies on roads.” As the country works towards a net zero future, safer roads will encourage more and more people to travel by foot, bike or public transport, helping reduce congestion and emissions. The campaign builds on our £20million investment in Bikeability, the Government’s national cycle training programme, to ensure everyone can access the fantastic mobility opportunities of cycling and sustainable active travel. The THINK! Campaign will run from today, July 12 until August 24.