The latter wrote Good Luck To You, Leo Grande, the film in which Emma stars, playing a recently widowed RE teacher. Her marital sex life was a brief, flurried disappointment. She sensed there must be something sensational about sex but the exciting bit eluded her. She seeks the services of sex worker Leo, who is handsome, perceptive and a downright fabulous human being. My pals are not bothered by the plot’s credibility or the fact most sex workers may not be blessed with Leo’s qualities. They are engaged by two issues: the elusive nature of the female orgasm, and secondly, how refreshing it is to see Thompson naked on the screen at 60-plus. She looks terrific – healthy and vibrant, but also unfiltered and startlingly normal – but why “normal” should be startling is the real crux of the conversation.  How can it be that 60 years after the sexual liberation of the 1960s women are still struggling to reach sexual climax? Have we not been bombarded with information about which bit to twiddle and why? Do men not now consider it their duty to make sure their female partners have a humdinger of an experience? Are women not equipped with the vocabulary and the confidence to make their needs known and demand satisfaction? After years as an agony aunt, here is my two penn’orth. Ladies, our biology is against us. Frequently, intercourse just does not provide sufficiently sustained friction against the crucial part of our anatomy. Yes, in films and novels blissful fulfilment appears to occur purely as a result of intercourse. Chaps seem to think if they last long enough we will be transported to earthly ecstasy. We know this is never going to happen and we are at the mercy of our manners. We do not want to be rude and do not want our partners to feel that what they are doing is futile. So out of politeness we pretend. Women fake orgasm because it seems like bad manners not to. We are then trapped in a fibbing cycle. He thinks we are entirely happy and rests on his laurels but in reality, we are frustrated. So lose no time. Trek to the cinema, watch Emma in the film, be inspired and change the habits of a lifetime.  I know nothing about football and have no idea if Erik ten Hag will turn out to be great news for Manchester United but, my goodness, the new manager has my respect. He has been photographed wearing the same all-white outfit for three days running. He might well have a speedy washing and drying routine but it is thought he simply put the ensemble back on having somehow managed to keep his whites not just white but pristine. How on earth does the fellow do it?On Sunday I sported white jeans for six gleaming minutes before a mysterious stain appeared on one leg, then a speck turned into a smear and a Biro left an indelible mark on one knee. Mr ten Hag, what is your secret? I took my grandchildren Neroli, six, and Zekey, eight, to see Beauty And The Beast. Their parents do not allow them “screen time” and they barely watch TV so their response was vividly passionate. They laughed uproariously, sheltered beneath the seat at the scary bits, and burst into tears when the beast was wounded.They have not been desensitised by exposure to gory films or cartoons. They are not inured to violence, death and destruction. Their innocence is intoxicating and people around us smiled at their reaction. I am still smiling now. A multi-billion dollar industry is rocked to its foundations as Dame Helen Mirren nukes the nonsense of ages by passing on her mum’s top make-up tip. Did her mum recommend forensic make-up removal before bed – a foundation upon which supersonic sales of lotions and unguents are predicated? She did not! Instead, Mrs Mirren told her daughter to sleep in her eye make-up because “it looks so much better the next day”. We are often told that about soups and casseroles, but never about mascara and kohl. How wonderful to be liberated from the night-time removal rigmarole and how delightful to think of cosmetics “bedding in” and maturing on the face. Even more iconoclastically, Dame H is still using 20-year-old lipstick and rouge. I could not love that woman more. Beware the live broadcast taste test. Do not ask how, but I ended up blind-tasting four cups of baked beans on my BBC Radio London show. I was ridiculously confident, certain I would know my Heinz beans from supermarket “own brands”. I munched with brio until a realisation dawned. With the best will in the world I could not tell one from another. I correctly identified the two own brands, though I could not tell which was Tesco and which Sainsbury’s. Then I mistook Heinz for Branston beans, to my acute embarrassment. The difference in the four was so subtle as to be barely discernible. So are own brands the future? “OH DIVORCE!” far too many have said. “It’s so common. Everyone’s doing it. Children are Teflon. They bounce back.” What tosh some talk. Ewan McGregor, who left his wife for his much younger co-star tells it like it is: “A divorce in a family is a bomb going off in everyone’s life.” He is right. The impact is seismic and the ripples cause harm and hurt. Ironically, divorce rears its ugly head on life’s loveliest occasions: your child’s graduation, wedding, the birth of grandchildren. Celebrations are tempered by dread. Even if cracks are papered over, enjoyment is riddled with tension, disappointment and the appearance of new partners. Think of the shared joy of a happily married couple visiting mutual grandchildren together. Now imagine the experience after divorce fractures the family. Divorce is a life sentence. If you are contemplating it, pause and consider. 