Hearing loss is a common problem, especially as you get older. However, it’s important to see your GP if you struggle with your hearing. In some cases, hearing loss is triggered by something that can be easily treated so seeking help could be useful. Adam has been struggling with her hearing for years which prompted her to get tested. She said: “For around five-ish years, maybe more, I have been aware that I’ve been struggling but you just make excuses. “But as time has gone on, then I realised I’m missing more and more. “Now I’m a standing joke with my children, who just won’t repeat things anymore, they are impatient with me. “Although you laugh that off, it is now beginning to get to me because, I think, I’m really missing things and I don’t want to be a standing joke.” READ MORE: Cancer: The fruit shown to 'selectively' kill cancer - may be 'more effective' than chemo After the test, Adams’ doctor recommended using a hearing aid in both of her ears. However, she was only expecting to get a hearing aid for her right year. She reacted to the news by saying: “Both ears?” The presenter had a hearing test before and back then only her right ear was the problematic one. Speaking on her Instagram story last year, she said about the previous check-up: “The good news is it is free and the man was really lovely.  "And he said I have got a lovely set of drums. Um, this was my left ear. My right ear is borderline hearing aid which isn’t so good." However, the new hearing test revealed she needs aid in both of her ears now. She previously shared her suspicions about needing a hearing aid on Instagram. The presenter told her followers before going to the first check-up: “I absolutely guarantee they are gonna say I need a hearing aid.” READ MORE: Judi Dench: 'I’m not going to be beaten' Star on adapting to her 'ridiculous' condition The NHS notes that someone else might notice you’ve got problems with hearing before you do. However, it’s still worth knowing the warning signs. The health service shares the “common” signs of hearing loss include:  The NHS urges seeing a GP if your hearing has been getting gradually worse. It also notes that if you have noticed any sudden changes or experienced hearing loss accompanied by other symptoms, you should ask for an “urgent” appointment. Adams also previously confessed being a “bit embarrassed” about needing a hearing aid. She said: “I mean glasses are quite cool but there is nothing cool about a hearing aid is there? He says I’m borderline. If I have to get one I have to get one. "I actually discussed a cochlear implant but I think that’s a big operation." In case you’re not aware, a cochlear implant details a small electronic device that electrically stimulates the nerve for hearing.