Liverpool reportedly called Borussia Dortmund in recent weeks to enquire about Jude Bellingham's availability this summer. Anfield chiefs were said to be have been informed the England starlet is 'untouchable' at present, though the Reds are expected to return next summer when a transfer tug-of-war appears set to take place.   Jurgen Klopp has made no secret of his admiration for Bellingham having recently said of the teenage star: “He’s not on the market, so that’s the first problem with that player. Well, the only problem with that player!” And it seems the German came to the conclusion that the 19-year-old is unavailable in the current window after Liverpool made direct contacts with Dortmund over the midfielder. According to Fabrizio Romano on his YouTube channel, the Reds recently called the Bundesliga club to express their interest in Bellingham and enquire as to his availability this summer. Dortmund's reply is said to have been a categorical no, with the German outfit branding the former Birmingham City academy graduate as 'untouchable' this summer. Having already lost another of their prized assets in Erling Haaland to Manchester City earlier in the window, Dortmund are understood to have adopted a firm not-for-sale stance over the young midfielder. READ MORE: Ten Hag 'abrupt' with Man Utd players as dressing room approach emerges  With the in-demand Dortmund star highly unlikely to go anywhere this summer, an epic transfer tug-of-war is anticipated this time next year. Liverpool are just one of a number of top teams from across Europe understood to be keen on acquiring Bellingham in the near future. Real Madrid, who beat the Reds to the signing of Aurelien Tchouameni earlier in the current window, have been heavily linked with the teenager, while a number of other English clubs are thought to be tracking him. But they will all be made to wait over Bellingham, who has so far stood be his vow to remain with Dortmund next season. DON'T MISSMan Utd have four Antony alternatives as Ajax refuse to budgeArsenal could be about to sanction first sale which will please William SalibaTottenham already working on seventh summer signing as Djed Spence confirmed  Speaking to The Times back in May, the Liverpool target, whose contracted to Dortmund until 2025, committed his immediate future to the German club. He said: “I will be here next season, ready to go and really excited.” But it seems Bellingham's plans don't go beyond that. The midfielder admitted that he doesn't have a career path mapped-out in his mind, adding: “You kind of make it up as you go along. I’m in control of my own destiny, I suppose, and my own development if I put the work in.”  