Royal author Angela Levin said that Prince Harry looked "very low" and described Meghan's behaviour as "strange". Ms Levin was speaking about Prince Harry's keynote address to the United Nations General Assembly in New York on Monday. He used the speech to criticise the "rolling back of constitutional rights" in the United States, alluding to the overturning of abortion rights across the country. Writing about the Duke's appearance at the event on Twitter, Ms Levin said: "Harry wears his heart on his sleeve and at the UN looks very low. "Strange how Meghan was grasping one of his hands and holding his arm with another but neither of them even looked at each other. "It is pitiful." In his speech, Harry said: "The few weaponising lies and disinformation at the expense of the many. "And from the horrific war in Ukraine to the rolling back of constitutional rights here in the United States, we are witnessing a global assault on democracy and freedom, the cause of Mandela’s life." Prince Harry paid tribute to Nelson Mandela, saying: "Even when confronting unimaginable cruelty and injustice, almost always had a smile on his face". The Duke also spoke about a photograph taken of his late mother Princess Diana with Mr Mandela, taken in March 1997 five months before her death. He said: "On my wall, and in my heart every day, is an image of my mother and Mandela meeting in Cape Town in 1997". READ MORE: Nelson Madela's grandson laughs at Harry's UN speech 'Worlds apart' He said his mother’s “joy and playfulness” were on full display in the photo. Harry also used his speech to criticise world leaders for inaction on climate change. He said: "As we sit here today, our world is on fire, again. DON'T MISS: Self-serving Hollywood elite! Meghan fails over 'selfless service' [INSIGHT] Prince Harry preaches on climate change while he takes 21 private j... [REVEAL] Prince Harry merciessly mocked by South African newspaper [REPORT] "And these historic weather events are no longer historic. "More and more, they are part of our daily lives, and this crisis will only grow worse, unless our leaders lead." He called on leaders to take "daring, transformative decisions", adding: "These decisions may invite resistance from powerful interests.  "But the right thing to do is not up for debate. "And neither is the science. "The only question is if we will be brave enough and wise enough to do what is necessary."