Paddy McGuinness took on the role of Question of Sport host last year when it was confirmed the BBC had replaced Sue Barker. The quiz show underwent a complete overhaul with former team captains Matt Dawson and Phil Tufnell also making way for hockey player Sam Quek and rugby star Ugo Monye. The first series which involved the new trio divided the fanbase and with an all-new series kicking off on Friday, July 22, it’s safe to say fans were still dismayed. On Friday, the new series of Question of Sport and the second with Paddy at the helm welcomed some of the biggest names from women’s football. Lianne Sanderson, Anita Asante, Rachel Furness and Rachel Brown-Finnis were the four guests joining Ugo, Paddy and Sam to kick off the new run. However, despite the new team being one series into their tenure, a number of fans still vented their fury at the overhaul. So much so, that some fans were still calling for the BBC to revert Question of Sport back to its former line-up of Sue, Matt and Phil. READ MORE: Naga Munchetty in fits of laughter as BBC Breakfast co-star 'walks out Taking to Twitter, Ellen Leigh fumed: “Sorry, l thought you said Question of Sport was back. “Got really excited at the thought of Sue and the gang but sadly not! It's a s**t show these days so after years of watching I don't anymore.” While Steve Barney agreed: “Sorry to say I don’t watch any more after being glued to it since early ’70s. “Dislike the recent changes. Not the programme it was, or should be in my opinion. I miss it.” Elsewhere, JJ echoed: “Get rid of Paddy and bring back Sue. Don’t understand why McGuinness is so popular.” And Charlie Mark Mynott weighed in: “This Is NOT A Question Of Sport! Never will be!! I watched for over 50 years!!! No Longer!!!” Meanwhile, Andy Denyer took aim at the BBC’s scheduling, fuming: “But why has the Women's Euros Special been scheduled opposite the, er, Women's Euros (on BBC2 at the same time)?” There was some support for the new series, however, as some fans expressed their delight at the Euros special kicking off the new run. DON'T MISS:William Shatner distracts The One Show fans with 'ageless' appearancePrince Andrew 'didn't tell Queen full story' about Newsnight interviewThe Crown will show 'how Diana was treated' in Panorama interview Twitter user @FacileTalk: “Some top guests on #QuestionOfSport tonight. “Good to see that the BBC listened to viewer concerns & is working to stop this show from completely going down the s**tter.” Sue Barker has also stepped down from the BBC's Wimbledon coverage in 2022 after 30 years at the helm. In tearful scenes after the men's final between Novak Djokovic and Nick Kyrgios, Sue's colleagues such as Tim Henman and Clare Balding paid tribute to the presenter. Sue said in a statement to confirm her Wimbledon departure: "Basically I just feel the time is right. It has been my dream job and I have loved every minute of it working with so many great colleagues who I am going to miss so much. “When I started I never thought I would manage 30 years. I had actually made up my mind to leave in 2017 because the hours were becoming very long and quite challenging. "That would have been 25 years and seemed a good time, but I am so glad I made the decision to stay on. “I’m very happy to be leaving with no regrets and on my own terms while I am still on top of the job, it just feels like the right time to go and leave it to others," she told the Daily Mail. Question of Sport airs Friday at 8pm on BBC One.