Labour is threatening to call a no confidence vote next week. But if that fails, the next prime minister will be chosen by the Conservative party. There are several stages to a Tory Party election, and overall it can take more than a month to complete from start to finish. Before the election starts, Tory MPs will weigh up their prospects with their staff and by talking to their colleagues. A candidate needs the backing of eight Conservative MPs to put themselves forward, so the time before the race begins is crucial in securing support. Once nominations are submitted, Conservative MPs can vote on who they think would make the best leader. READ MORE: China & Taiwan on brink of Armageddon: 'War maybe triggered any time' In 2019, 10 Conservative MPs put themselves forward and acquired the eight supporting votes needed to make the ballot. This included Boris Johnson, who was proposed by Liz Truss and Ben Wallace, and he went on to win after beating Jeremy Hunt. In the first round of voting, candidates who receive fewer than 18 votes are eliminated, and this rises to 36 votes in round two. If all candidates exceed this number of votes, then the MP with the fewest number of ballots is eliminated.  Tory MPs then take part in a series of voting rounds to whittle down the candidates to just two. This opens up to Conservative Party members, who cast their votes on whom they would like to take the top job. Whichever candidate receives the most votes after the final round wins the election, and is elected leader of the Conservative Party. If the Tory Party is the party of government when the leadership election takes place, then the new leader also becomes prime minister. DON'T MISS:Brexit ‘in serious danger’ warns Ann Widdecombe amid Remainer plot [ANALYSIS]Question Time: Campbell kept on 'short leash'  [INSIGHT]Boris MUST be replaced by a Brexiteer Tory MPs warn [REACTION] Mr Johnson announced he would continue in his role as Prime Minister until a successor is found. Tories will be hoping to keep the man or woman in Number 10 from their party, rather than let Labour in. But that could be in danger if Labour calls for a no confidence motion and is able to gain support from a majority of MPs. The timescale for a Tory leadership contest is set out by the 1922 Committee, and MPs will be hoping it is called soon to wrap up the final stage of Mr Johnson’s time in office.