Although high cholesterol doesn’t often cause many warning signs, one symptom might appear in your foot and lower leg - coldness. How does cholesterol lead to this sign? If left untreated, high levels of the fatty substance can lead to atherosclerosis over time. This occurs when your arteries become blocked with fatty substances. This narrowing of your arteries can reduce your blood flow in the legs, ringing the alarm bells. This process that leaves your arteries clogged can sometimes lead to peripheral artery disease (PAD). According to Mayo Clinic, this “common” condition can present with symptoms like coldness in your foot and leg. And this condition could draw attention to the underlying problem - high levels of cholesterol in your blood. READ MORE: Covid: The peculiar symptom that may be making a comeback - doctors reporting 'uptick'  This type of pain may interrupt your sleep and could be temporarily relieved by hanging your legs over the edge of your bed or walking. The Mayo Clinic recommends seeing a doctor if you suffer from any symptoms of peripheral artery disease. While PAD could be pointing to high cholesterol levels, it’s important to remember that the condition doesn’t usually present with symptoms. Characterised as silent, high cholesterol can wreak havoc in your arteries undetected. READ MORE: Dementia: The common vitamin deficiency associated with a more than 50% higher risk That’s why having a blood test remains the most reliable way of finding out your levels. Your doctor will either take blood from your arm or do a finger-prick test. Fortunately, once you get the condition confirmed, there’s plenty you can do to retrieve your levels from the red zone. From lifestyle changes to medicine, there are different interventions that could help to keep your cholesterol in check. For example, a cholesterol-busting diet focuses on cutting down on saturated fat – like sausages, biscuits, cheese. However, not all fat is bad for you as upping your intake of unsaturated fats could even help lower your “bad” cholesterol. Other lifestyle changes that can benefit your levels include exercise, quitting smoking and lowering your alcohol intake. However, some people will need to take a medication called statins to prevent further complications.