Manchester United have agreed the majority of a deal to sign Frenkie de Jong from Barcelona, reports say. The Netherlands international has long been Erik ten Hag’s top target at Old Trafford. And while there’s been talk of a move to Chelsea, a Blues hijack presently appears unlikely. Manchester United opened talks with Barcelona for De Jong over 50 days ago. But the saga has rolled on and on in the time since, leading to uncertainty over where the Red Devils stand. De Jong has made it clear he wants to stay at Barcelona, having been at the club ever since arriving from Ajax back in the summer transfer window of 2019. Yet the Independent say United have agreed the ‘majority of a deal’ for the 25-year-old, which bodes well when it comes to their chances of getting the operation over the line. It’s said a price has been rubber-stamped during talks, amid claims Barcelona will take an initial £56million for the Netherlands international. However, United currently have to ‘wait on the outcome’ of a situation involving the player and his Barcelona salary. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez The Catalan giants owe their midfielder around £17m in deferred wages, a high amount due to their current economic situation. And it appears once that hurdle is overcome, United can then put the finishing touches on a deal for the Netherlands international. Ten Hag previously managed De Jong at Ajax, with the pair helping the Eredivisie giants reach the semi-finals of the Champions League in 2019. And the Barcelona star is being targeted to replace two midfielders. United have lost Nemanja Matic on a free transfer, with the Serbia international poised to play under Jose Mourinho at Roma. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen And Paul Pogba has also departed, with the France international set to return to Juventus - having previously spent four years in Turin. De Jong ins’t the only player United are hopeful of signing over the following weeks, either. They’re on the verge of bringing in Christian Eriksen, just over a year after the Denmark international suffered a cardiac arrest at the European Championships. The 30-year-old is available on a free transfer and, though Brentford aren’t giving up on keeping him, Eriksen is understood to be close to a move to Old Trafford. United are looking to raid Ajax for Lisandro Martinez, too. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team The Ajax star has been a key ally for Ten Hag over the past three years, winning two league titles during that time. And though Arsenal have been pushing to land the 24-year-old, a move to United is edging closer instead. Regarding De Jong, meanwhile, former United star Luke Chadwick recently endorsed his old side’s pursuit of the Barcelona star. “I definitely think the club should go for someone like De Jong. United need new options in the middle of the pitch, and he’s a hugely gifted player,” Chadwick told CaughtOffside. “We’re not privy to his situation or everything that’s being said behind closed doors, but it does seem like every Ajax player past and present is being linked with United since Ten Hag got the job. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. “I’m sure those Dutch players in that incredible team that Ten Hag built at Ajax would relish the opportunity to work with him again. “I’m sure someone like De Jong would at least want the opportunity to speak to the club. “He fits the profile, he’s a completely different character to Pogba in terms of how he conducts himself off the pitch. “In my eyes, looking at the player, but not knowing the entire situation, admittedly, I think United should go for him. “I think he should be considered because of what he did at Ajax under Ten Hag previously.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here