 The plans, announced by the HM Treasury yesterday, will see British households receive £400 across six payments starting from October. The Government stated that this has been done to “ensure” households receive financial support through the winter months. Originally announced in May of this year, the £400 Energy Bills Support Scheme was put in place to help every home in England, Scotland and Wales tackle the cost of their energy bills.     The way the cash is handed out will depend on the sort of home a person lives in and the way they pay for their energy. The non-repayable discount will be provided on a monthly basis regardless of whether consumers pay monthly, quarterly or have an associated payment card. Britons with an energy meter will have the money handed out as a reduction on their energy bills across six instalments. People will receive a £66 discount on their bill in October and November, then a £67 discount from December to March.  READ MORE: State pensioners may be able to increase sum by up to £14.75 weekly     To get this a person must have to have a domestic energy meter and pay for their bills with a credit, debit or payment card. If a person moves house they will still get the support each month. Those who use a non-smart prepayment meter will receive the energy bill discount vouchers in the first week of each month. These will be handed out either through text message, email or post using the customer's registered contact details.     People on these prepayment meters will have to take more action as they have to cash these in wherever they normally top up their energy, such as a PayPoint or Post Office. Energy customers who use smart prepayment meters will have the money credited directly to their meters in the first week of each of the six months. Questions over how the discount will work for people whose bills are included with their rent such as students have swirled since the policy was announced earlier this year. However, the Government stated that in these instances it does expect the £400 discount to still be passed down to the tenant in line with Ofgem’s rules to protect tenants. The guidance said: "Landlords with a domestic electricity connection who charge ‘all inclusive’ rent, such as the case for many student houses, where a fixed cost for energy costs are included in their rental charges, should also be passing on the discounted payments to tenants." READ MORE: ‘Game over!’ Woman, 42, watches as hackers steal £10,000 in attack  The Government also announced that for those with no energy meter or no direct relationship with their supplier, such as those living in park homes, there will be more funding will be available to provide support to the “one percent of households who will not be reached through the Energy Bills Support Scheme”. More details on this are to be announced in the Autumn. Alongside the guidance, Chancellor of the Exchequer, Nadhim Zahawi, said: “We know that people are struggling with rising energy prices which is why we have taken action with support over the winter months to help ease the pressure on household budgets. “This £400 off energy bills is part of our £37billion of help for households, including eight million of the most vulnerable households receiving £1,200 of direct support to help with the cost of living. "We know there are tough times ahead and we will continue to do everything in our power to help people." The scheme has garnered criticism as the expected cost of energy is to increase even further with Ofgem’s price cap predicted to reach nearly £4,000.     Energy consultants at Cornwall Insight previously put the October price cap at £2,879 and £2,907 in January 2023. However, energy experts at BFY have said that energy prices could hit £3,420 in October and then £3,850 when the price cap is reviewed again in January 2023. The energy regulator is going to officially announce the next increase in August for October. Myron Jobson, senior personal finance analyst at interactive investor, commented: “This winter is set to be the bleakest when it comes to energy bills in a generation. "The energy bills situation is already beyond crisis point for many of the most vulnerable members of society and the expected price cap rise is set to push more and more people into fuel poverty and could force households to choose between 'eat or heat.' “The government’s cost of living support measures will not stretch far enough to shield the most vulnerable members of society from the eye-watering prices rises from all corners. “With the worst yet to come, it remains important to take steps today to bolster financial resilience now to give you some peace of mind in the coming months.”