Celtic are reportedly readying a £2million bid for Paris Saint-Germain youngster Edouard Michut. French media claim that the teenage midfielder grew 'frustrated' by his lack of game time at the end of last season, and the Hoops could capitalise by giving him a clearer route into first-team football. Michut has already played eight senior matches for PSG, despite his 19th birthday passing just a few months ago. Not only was the France U19 international trusted in domestic cup matches, but former boss Mauricio Pochettino called on him to feature in Ligue 1 as the Parisians convincingly chased down another league title. But it was seemingly not enough for Michut, and Sky Sports claim that Celtic are planning to test the resolve of the Frenchman and his club by tabling a £2m bid. If PSG are happy to do business, Ange Postecoglou could welcome the sixth new arrival in what has already been an exciting summer. Reports indicate that the French outfit are open to the idea of letting Michut go, with Celtic already in advanced talks and the player enticed by the prospect of regular action. JUST IN: Newcastle may grant Alexander Isak Premier League wish on one condition as Magpies eye bid The arrivals of Jota, Cameron Carter-Vickers, Alexandro Bernabei, Daizen Maeda and Benjamin Siegrist have taken the Bhoys' total spend towards £20m, and the boss has suggested that two or three more could be on their way by the time the new season gets going. Postecoglou clearly has backing from the club's hierarchy after beating Rangers to the Scottish Premiership title and League Cup during his first season at the helm. Shelling out to strengthen may be necessary to stay on top, with Rangers' summer gathering pace after Rabbi Matondo joined Antonio Colak, Tom Lawrence and John Souttar on their arrivals list this week. DON'T MISS: Chelsea learn salary offer already tabled for Kalidou Koulibaly as deal 'close'  "We're still looking to bring in two or three players," Postecoglou admitted to Sky Sports while on Celtic's pre-season tour of Austria. "There's still a couple of areas where we need to strengthen up and we'll do that. The challenge is to improve irrespective of what happened last year. If we didn't win the title, we'd be looking to improve to try and win it. "If we do improve then it gives us a chance to be successful. That's what I've said to the players from day one this year. It's not about repeating last year's success, this is about being a better version of ourselves this season on all fronts." Celtic are well and truly in the midst of preparations for the new season, not just in terms pulling strings behind the scenes, but also by getting players match fit on tour. Their first competitive match is pencilled in for the end of this month, when they will host Aberdeen to kick off their title defence. 