Following the premiere of Eternals last autumn, it was leaked that Harry Styles made his MCU debut in the Marvel movie’s end credits scene as Eros aka Starfox. The brother of Thanos, a fellow Eternal, shared the moment with Angelina Jolie as he boarded her ship with Pip the Troll, voiced by Patton Oswalt. Marvel and One Direction fans went wild when they finally saw the scene, anticipating his return in future MCU movies. Following the film’s release, Giant Freakin Robot reported that Styles had signed on for five Marvel films to play the comic book womanising adventurer. Their insider said at the time: “Harry Styles is set to become a major part of the Marvel Cinematic Universe. Audiences should expect to see a lot more of him.” The source continued: “He’s been talking to Kevin Feige, the head of Marvel, who promised big things for the actor’s future. A solo project for Starfox is a possibility on the table. It sounds like Harry Styles is being set up for a massive future in their cinematic universe, something comparable to Nick Fury’s many appearances.” And now, The Sun’s sources are reporting exactly the same thing with a whopping alleged figure of a salary. READ MORE: Eternals end credits: Harry Styles Starfox ‘set for major MCU role’ The outlet’s insiders claim Styles’ five-movie deal with Marvel Studios is worth an astounding $100 million. They claimed: “Following several secret calls and discussions the deal has been struck. And the surprise is that their deals pave the way for Harry to do as many as five projects for Marvel, which could see him as Starfox for 15 years. [Marvel boss Kevin] Feige and his team are delighted with the development.” DON'T MISSOne Direction reunion: Harry Styles speaks out band comeback [ONE DIRECTION]Next Bond: Marvel star's odds slashed in half overtaking Tom Hardy [NEXT BOND]Avengers 5 The Kang Dynasty, Avengers 6 Secret Wars titles explained [AVENGERS 5] Meanwhile, Feige recently confirmed Styles’ Eros is very much a part of the MCU’s future plans. The Marvel boss told MTV News: “Yes. The adventures of Eros and Pip is something that is very exciting for us.” In the meantime, the One Direction star has two movies premiering in September with Don’t Worry Darling at Venice and My Policeman at Toronto. SOURCE SOURCE