In the last year alone, the number of UK homes being burgled whilst the occupants were out in their garden has risen by more than 25 percent. The staggering data has left police urging homeowners to “think about home security” to avoid being vulnerable to burglars, but what exactly do you need to do to protect your property this summer? These are the key steps you should always follow while enjoying barbeques, garden parties, or even just a long snooze in the garden during the warmer months. Recent data has revealed there was a burglary once every 106 seconds in 2021, 38 percent of which took place in the daytime. A shocking 65 percent of these took place while someone was home too, making it imperative for Britons to take steps to secure their homes this summer. Anthony Neary, managing director of safe.co.uk said: “Summer is a time to celebrate in the sun and have plenty of gatherings with those closest to us, but with it comes a spike in burglaries which occur from silly mistakes. “We hope that our advice encourages the nation to think twice and make their homes more secure when in the garden, so the only worry is how long to let the burgers cook for." So what exactly should you be doing to avoid making your home an easy target for thieves? READ MORE: ‘Don’t bleach it!’ ‘Quick’ hack to oust toilet limescale   Most gardens are not in easy view of the front door, making it hard to see who’s actually coming in and out of your home without being indoors. Though it can be tempting to leave the door unlocked when you’re expecting a flurry of visitors, it could also attract unwanted guests. The experts at safe.co.uk said: “This is a dream for burglars who can sneak in whilst music is blaring out and escape with many valuables from inside the home. “A video doorbell or CCTV that you can access through your phone is a good way to stay on top of who is around your house, but not leave visitors waiting at the door.” There’s a high chance your windows will be open on a warm day, but leaving front-facing entry points wide open isn’t always wise if you plan on spending the entire day in the garden. It’s important to remember a home is only as secure as its weakest point of entry, so make sure to check windows are closed - particularly those downstairs. Most gardens will already have a view of the back or side of the house, but for those that have a complicated layout, it is worth trying out a seating plan which allows occasional looks in the direction of the front, or inside of your property. If this isn’t doable, take the time to make regular checks inside throughout the day. DON'T MISS:Holidaymaker forced to fly home to pick up missing luggage [INSIGHT]Six ways to keep your home safe when you go on holiday [ANALYSIS]Thief posed as mourner then stole dead man's wedding certificate [REVEAL] It may seem innocuous, but thieves will monitor social media to look for easy opportunities where they can. Safe.co.uk said: “For larger events like an outdoor birthday gathering, avoid providing too much detail of what is planned. “If posting images on social media of the party, do this at the end, or after the event is finished so there is no opportunity for burglars to pounce." The security company warned something as simple as tagging just a few friends beforehand can lead to thousands seeing your posts. It is also imperative not to geotag your location or publish your address on any posts. Safe.co.uk explained homeowners should “be wary” of who could be following them on social media, and take time to strengthen privacy settings on any accounts If you do have to make a claim on your insurance, it is worth noting social media posts could lead to insurers refusing to pay out. It’s not just security companies encouraging people to take extra steps this summer. In fact, the police have also urged homeowners to consider some simple precautions. Inspector Chris Pearson of Nottinghamshire Police said: “We want people to enjoy the warmer weather in their gardens but we’re urging them to think about their home security before it’s too late. “We don’t want anyone to fall victim to burglars. It’s important to consider whether you are leaving your home vulnerable to burglary.”