For the Princess of Girona Foundation Awards, Queen Letizia opted for the Luna Diamanté navy midi dress from fashion brand Boüret. The off-the-shoulder dress with diamond detail has a price tag of €450 (£380). Queen Letizia combined the evening gown with a Magrit navy suede clutch bag and matching Carolina Herrera pumps. The Spanish monarch finished her look with the Chanel Comete earrings. Queen Letizia styled her hair into a ponytail and opted for a smokey eye make-up look. READ MORE: Sally Nugent health: Presenter was left dizzy due to 'deep' infection Royal fans took to social media to praise Letizia's elegant and chic look. Instagram user @lintang.mrs said: "Considering her position as a Queen, I like the way she chooses many items that are somewhat 'affordable' for formal events but still pulled it off like a bespoke. Let's be honest not everyone can do that." Another one, @katieelizii, commented: "Amazing look for Queen Letizia." "I'm speechless... so chic, sexy, perfect... just perfect! Letizia is goals," added @alc_.  Royal watcher @luxmeagainpreloved said: "She’s so stunning. "Love the whole outfit! She knows what works for her and finds beautiful pieces to elevate her style. She watches the budget too and that is admirable." Social media user @c.aestas commented: "The most beautiful royal look ever! Absolutely stunning!!!" "Fabulous! What a chic and sexy navy dress! Bravo Letizia! Well done!" @ellainthecityboston said. READ MORE: Sophie's 'close relationship' with Kate made her 'most stylish royal' Royal fan @wanda.devries added: "She always ticks all the boxes… and then she is gorgeous!" Queen Letizia's daughters, Princess Leonor and Infanta Sofia, also attended the evening event. Princess Leonor of Spain wore a beautiful MIPHAI light blue dress. The young royal combined the off-the-shoulder midi dress with Carolina Herrera nude pumps. Princess Leonor's sister, Infanta Sofia, opted for a very sophisticated look: a cream ensemble by Bruna Coleccion. The Maca Top and Lisa Pants are available to purchase for £164 and £71 respectively. She combined the look with a pair of Carolina Herrera nude slingback shoes. "These young ladies are always age-appropriate and 'ladylike' but so fashionable. Very classy!" said royal fan @kcferrara.