Camber Sands in East Sussex, is renowned for being jam packed with sun-seekers during the summer months. It’s home to one of the longest sand dunes on the south coast and even has activities for families. So it’s no surprise that it attracts in excess of 25,000 visitors on a single hot day in the year. With scorching temperatures peaking to around the mid to late 30s on the south coast, many may be tempted to head to this beach.  But there is a good reason to swerve it for at least another few days. Rother District Council is urging people to rethink their plans, due to the likelihood of families being stuck in vehicles for “hours” as they become stuck in traffic. This is due to the beach being served by one single road - making any busy period a headache for drivers. And in intense weather, this may end up causing a medical emergency for anyone who overheats.   Those who will be making the journey from afar will also have to contend with any road delays, especially with a risk of tarmac melting under extreme UV rays. At the moment, Camber and East Sussex is under an amber extreme heat warning. This has been put in place by the Met Office, which warns those who get stuck in car delays during the hottest day of the year will suffer. The warning says: “Delays on roads and road closures are possible, along with delays and cancellations to rail and air travel, with potential for significant welfare issues for those who experience even moderate delays.”  READ MORE: What's happened to us that sunny day is now national calamity? COMMENT A Rother District Council spokesman explained why people need to seriously think before making the trip. “The beach is served by a single road and there are limited spaces in the car parks, which often get filled up by mid-morning,” the spokesman said. “As a result, the road becomes extremely busy leaving people stuck in their cars in the heat for hours, and making it difficult for local residents to get to and from their homes as well as slowing down responses to emergency incidents.” The message came with a plea not to visit the beauty spot, with the spokesman adding: “With very hot temperatures predicted today, and a Met Office extreme heat warning in place, we would urge people to not travel to Camber Sands beach over the next few days. DON'T MISS: Heatwave brings UK to a halt [SPOTLIGHT]Drivers urged to be hyper vigilant: Hot weather could result in fine [REPORT]When will it rain? Latest UK forecast for storms amid UK drought [MAPPED] “If you do decide to visit Camber Sands, we would encourage you to use the car parks, take notice of warnings, swim within the flagged area which is patrolled by the RNLI, be respectful to beach patrols and take your rubbish home with you.” Temperatures in Camber are already sitting at 28C, with the mercury continuing to rise to 36C by 3pm. They will remain in the 30s until at least 7pm when thermometers will drop to a still hot 28C. Maps show the next two days will be cooler, with a yellow weather warning now in place for thunderstorms from tomorrow afternoon.