PIP can help Britons with extra living costs if they have a long-term physical or mental health condition or disability which makes it difficult doing certain everyday tasks or getting around. Everyday tasks include things like washing, dressing, going food shopping, and making decisions about money. Claimants are warned they could receive a penalty if they do not report their change in circumstances or if they provide wrong information. According to the rules, a change in circumstances includes personal details changing such as name, address or doctor, or if the help they need changes or if their condition has worsened and they are not expected to live more than six months. Successful PIP claimants could potentially receive £627 a month depending on how their condition affects them. To claim PIP, Britons can call the helpline on the Government website. READ MORE: National Insurance threshold: State pensioners warned rule change could lower payments  During the assessment, a health professional will ask claimants about how their condition affects their daily living and mobility tasks and any treatments they have had or will have. There are two parts to PIP, a daily living part - if someone needs help with everyday tasks, and a mobility part - if someone needs help with getting around. Whether someone gets one or both parts and how much they get depends on how difficult they find everyday tasks and getting around. Successful claimants will be paid the following amounts per week depending on their circumstances: Daily living Mobility  READ MORE: Savings alert: Provider launches ‘market leading’ account giving 3.10% returns The Government website states that people could be taken to court or have to pay a penalty if they give wrong information or do not report a change in their circumstances. As well as the examples given above, change in circumstances also includes if the claimant : It is suggested that Britons should call the PIP enquiry line to report these changes - 0800 121 4433. If someone needs someone to help them, they can ask for them to be added to their call, however they cannot do this if they use textphone. Alternatively they can ask someone else to call on their behalf. Applicants will need to be with them when they call. If someone has been paid too much, they may have to repay the money if they: When claiming, Britons will need to give information such as their contact details, for example telephone number, their date of birth, their National Insurance number, if they have one (this can be found on letters about tax, pensions and benefits) and their bank or building society account number and sort code. It will also be useful to have information about the following: As millions of Britons struggle to find the extra money to pay soaring bills, people are being reminded to check they are receiving all the help the benefits they are entitled to.