Nick Kyrgios has been ripped to shreds by fellow Aussie Pat Cash for his antics during his fiery third-round clash with Stefanos Tsitsipas at Wimbledon. The former Wimbledon champion-turned-BBC pundit accused the world No 40 of “cheating, manipulation and abuse” among other claims following his turbulent match with the fourth seed. Kyrgios defeated Tsitsipas in four sets on Saturday night in a fiery clash that saw both men receive code violations and fines for their antics. The Aussie argued with the officials in the opening set and called for a “new referee” while Tsitsipas hit a ball into the stands in frustration and received a point penalty as the 27-year-old demanded his opponent be defaulted. Now Kyrgios’ compatriot and former Grand Slam champion Pat Cash has torn into the former world No 13 and made several accusations against his countryman. “It was absolute mayhem,” the 1987 champion told BBC Radio the morning after their controversy-filled match. “He’s brought tennis to the lowest level I can see as far as gamesmanship, cheating, manipulation, abuse, aggressive behaviour to umpires, to linesmen.” While some - including Kyrgios himself - had called for Tsitsipas to be defaulted after hitting a ball into the stands, Cash has claimed it’s the Australian who should have been kicked out. JUST IN John McEnroe was torn apart by Billie Jean King blunt verdict   The 57-year-old continued“He was lucky to even get through the first set, he should have been defaulted in the first set. Something’s got to be done about it – it’s just an absolute circus. Is it entertaining? Yeah, possibly. It’s gone to the absolute limit now. “The gamesmanship. The abuse he was giving. Tsitsipas would make a line call and he’d go up there and start complaining, he’d be in his face – that’s part of gamesmanship, that’s the sort of stuff he does and I think there’s a limit. Express Sport has approached Kyrgios’ agent for comment on Pat Cash’s accusations. And Cash also accused the umpire of failing to control the situation, while admitting Tsitsipas was pulled into outdoing Kyrgios’ antics after the first set. “I have no problems with a bit of gamesmanship but, when it gets to that level, I think it’s just out of control,” Cash added. DON'T MISSNovak Djokovic admits son uses Rafael Nadal trick to 'intimidate' himNorrie gives awkward answer to Murray question after making historyWimbledon chiefs 'angry' as tournament 'secretly fined' £827k by WTA  “As it was, the umpire lost control. The ball kids were running across the court as Kyrgios was serving, he didn’t slow down for any of that stuff. Tsitsipas got sucked right into it – so it was entertaining and fascinating, but for me it’s gone too far now.” Meanwhile, Kyrgios has defended himself after his opponent called himself a “bully” following their match on Saturday night. “I don't know what to say. I'm not sure how I bullied him. He was the one hitting balls at me, he was the one that hit a spectator, he was the one that smacked it out of the stadium. “I didn't do anything. I was actually like -- apart from me just going back and forth to the umpire for a bit, I did nothing towards Stefanos today that was disrespectful, I don't think. I was not drilling him with balls.” 