With Manchester United set to wrap up the signings of Frenkie de Jong and Tyrell Malacia, Antony could be the next player to arrive. Erik ten Hag wants a versatile forward who is capable of playing anywhere across a front three. But, in Marcus Rashford, he already has a player more than capable of doing that. Manchester United are poised to sign De Jong from Barcelona, with the 25-year-old happy to move to Old Trafford despite reports to the contrary. And they’re also on the verge of landing Malacia, having gazumped Lyon in order to bring the 22-year-old to the club pending a medical. Now, United are being tipped to pursue Antony. The Brazil international impressed under Ten Hag last term, scoring eight goals and clocking up four assists as Ajax won the Eredivisie title. Yet while the Red Devils’ interest in the forward is understandable, his signing isn’t particularly necessary. United clearly need a right-back to provide competition for Diogo Dalot, with Aaron Wan-Bissaka regressing alarmingly over the past two years. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez A centre-back wouldn’t go amiss, either, with the likes of Harry Maguire and Victor Lindelof inconsistent and Eric Bailly, Axel Tuanzebe and Phil Jones nowhere near good enough. United could do with another central midfielder, on top of De Jong, having lost both Nemanja Matic and Paul Pogba on free transfers. And an out-and-out goalscorer should be a priority, too. Good though Cristiano Ronaldo is, he can’t go on forever at the age of 37. Antony is a superstar in the making but, with Ajax demanding a fee close to £70million for their prized asset, it’s hard to see a transfer materialising. And, in Rashford, the Red Devils already have a versatile forward capable of doing the business. Last year was a tough one for the 24-year-old. Having suffered Euro 2020 heartache with England, he then underwent shoulder surgery. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen Rashford initially looked to have reaped the rewards from that decision, impressing towards the end of Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s time in the dugout. However, following the appointment of Ralf Rangnick on an interim basis, the England international was unable to perform at a high level. He ended the season with just four Premier League goals to his name from 25 appearances in the competition. That was seven less than the previous campaign, where he notched 11 times, while two assists was a poor return for a player who had clocked up nine in the 2020/2021 season. But don’t be fooled by those statistics. Rashford, on his day, is one of the very best players in world football. It hasn’t happened for him at United in recent years because Jose Mourinho and Solskjaer, for all of their coaching nous, weren’t suited to his skillset. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team Ten Hag might just be, however. United are poised to be more attacking and aggressive next term, with the Dutchman keen to overhaul the style of play as he looks to make his mark. Rashford has shown in the past that, when the confidence is flowing, he’s more than capable of shining on the right wing. Likewise the left, a position he’s previously admitted is his favourite. And Rashford also demonstrated during the Louis van Gaal era that, if deployed down the middle, he can be a deadly goal-getter. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Antony is a great player but, with the Red Devils working on a limited budget following their failure to qualify for the Champions League, the Glazers can save their millions for other areas of the squad instead. Rashford can be the answer to United’s attacking dilemma - providing Ten Hag lifts his spirits. United, it’s worth noting, also have Jadon Sancho and Anthony Martial on their books. While the duo have immense talent, however, they’re nowhere near as versatile as the club’s current No 10. Whether Rashford can now perform at his best, after a nightmare 12 months, is something only time will tell.