Tiger Woods has seemingly accepted the fact that this week's Open Championship may be the last time he plays St Andrews competitively before retiring. Woods still holds the record for the lowest score ever at The Open after winning at St Andrews back in 2000. He repeated that victory five years later on The Open's return to the Old Course at St Andrews. The famous venue is considered the home of golf and Woods holds special memories there throughout his career. It's been seven years since the last Open Championship was held at St Andrews after the 2020 edition was cancelled due to the coronavirus pandemic. The next three venues have already been confirmed for The Open Championships, but beyond that it is not clear when St Andrews will be back having previously been on a five-year loop. For Woods, The Open arguably presents his best opportunity to truly test himself against the world's best golfers due to the links course. Surgeries and injuries have taken its toll on Woods' body and the near-fatal car crash from last year means he now has to pick his tournaments wisely throughout the year.  And Woods has hinted that this week may well be the last time he ever plays an Open Championship at St Andrews. When asked how he'll feel on Sunday given that it might be seven years until The Open returns to St Andrews, Woods said: "Who knows? I don't know, if it is that long, whether I will be able to physically compete at this level by then. "It's also one of the reasons why I wanted to play in this championship. I don't know what my career is going to be like. As I told you, I'm not going to play a full schedule ever again.  "My body just won't allow me to do that. I don't know how many Open Championships I have left here at St Andrews, but I wanted this one. It started here for me in '95, and if it ends here in '22, it does. "If it doesn't, it doesn't. If I get the chance to play one more, it would be great, but there's no guarantee." Woods has been paired with Max Homa and US Open winner Matt Fitzpatrick for the first two rounds. The trio will get underway at 2.59pm BST on Thursday before coming out on the course at 9.58am BST on Friday.