In spite of the heated talk from Extinction Rebellion, Insulate Britain and the rest of them - including the woman who got on my show last weekend pretending she married her cat only to come out as a climate activist - people are starting to see sense and turn against the Net Zero mantra. As the energy crisis develops, wisdom is prevailing. Planets move and we have been getting closer to the sun for thousands of years. Climate fluctuates over centuries. We could look after the planet a lot better but Net Zero would be a disaster, driving more people into poverty. Renewable energy is a good idea but not without utilising the energy sources we already have in a more sensible and sustainable way. So what we need now to face the future is cool heads and no more climate-fanatic panic. What is wrong with the railway unions? Here we go again. They've not got what they want and they won't get it either. Yet now the seemingly myriad unions are going to go on strike again... and again. Not only are this bunch of dinosaur union leaders trying to flex their muscles, but they're totally out of touch with reality. The public just get more and more fed up with the disruption to their lives, so they aren't going to have any sympathy for the strikes. And stoppages in the middle of the school holidays when people are desperate to go away are absolutely appalling. The unions are also trying to delay the advance of technology. Too late: that particular train has long gone. There are disturbing suggestions from the US administration that Vladimir Putin is flying to Tehran this week for trade negotiations with Iran. And that Iran will supply Russia with drones capable of carrying weapons to continue its invasion of Ukraine. Iran may also train Russian troops to use these arms. There are rumours Iran has already helped Putin's gang get arms from Iraq. This gives a whole new aspect to the situation of this continuing conflict. But so far the West doesn't seem to be reacting too forcefully. Sanctions, yes, arms supplies too, and talk of pushing up Nato troops in threatened countries. But what are we going to do if the situation escalates and Iranian soldiers end up fighting in Ukraine? Is Nato still going to say we're not putting our troops on the ground? For years we've pussyfooted around Iran and the fact that in the recent past they have taken British hostages. Now is the time to get tough with these people. Currently, it's like the early part of the Second World War all over again: have we learnt nothing from history? I'm watching the Tory leadership fiasco with a great deal of interest. Deposing Boris Johnson with only a couple of years left before a general election and when the world is in a very dangerous state must be the most idiotic act this bunch of grey suits could possibly do. For me there are only two possible new leaders: Penny Mordaunt and Tom Tugendhat. They are fresh faces with experience outside politics. Having them together in the same government to energise Britain would be even better, with that other fresh talent, Kemi Badenoch, also in the Cabinet. And if you happen to be a voting member of the Tory Party and are worried about their lack of experience, Margaret Thatcher was the best prime minister we've had in my lifetime and I'm in my 70s. And she came from nowhere too. Rishi Sunak and Liz Truss have been there too long. They're far too slick, far too PR-led and don't seem to speak with conviction. Last week's BBC Panorama programme about the SAS was a disgrace. The programme suggested that an SAS unit operating against the Taliban in the Afghan province of Helmand in 2010 to 2011 had repeatedly killed detainees and unarmed men under suspicious circumstances. It alleged the squad even carried "drop weapons" to use to suggest those shot had been reaching for these arms. To make such allegations against our Special Forces, backed up mainly by supposition and dubious evidence such as analysis of bulletholes, infuriated me. The MOD believes Panorama has jumped to "unjustified conclusions from allegations already investigated". Our armed forces may be small but they, and in particular the special forces, do a job few people would be prepared to do. They keep us safe without anybody knowing what they have put themselves through. Having seen how the Taliban are treating their fellow citizens now they control Afghanistan, many ordinary Afghans might be wishing the SAS was still battling there. I hope you're all enjoying the hot weather. But why are our water companies so useless? We live in one of the wettest countries on the planet, yet conserving water seems to be impossible. We're an island for goodness sake: we could have desalination plants all around the coast. Every few summers we have water rationing yet the privatised water companies charge us a fortune to keep the cash flooding in for their shareholders. And lose gallons galore from leaks as well as dumping millions of tons of sewage into our water system. Ofwat says there are policies for drought but they don't seem to be working too well at the moment. So start filling those emergency buckets now. Last week Russell T Davies, the man who ruined Doctor Who, got a gong for his Channel 4 drama series It's A Sin at the South Bank Sky Arts Awards. He then launched a tirade at Tories, calling them "murderers and liars" and "rabid dogs" because the Government wants to privatise Channel 4. As the Daleks used to say, I think it's time to "Exterminate" such language. Can you get us completely out of the European dictatorship whatever your views were before now? You must see the benefits on the horizon to being one sovereign nation again. We are the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, not England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland. And we need control over our own future once more.