Hasim Rahman Jr has slammed Jake Paul’s lack of stamina ahead of their upcoming bout next month. The pair square off on August 6 at Madison Square Garden, New York City after Rahman Jr was brought in to replace Tommy Fury who was denied entry to the United States for an undisclosed reason in June. With Fury unable to make it to America to fight Paul, the YouTube star called upon his former sparring partner to step in. ‘The Problem Child’ sparred with the son of former world heavyweight champion, Hasim Rahman, ahead of his first two professional contests against fellow YouTuber AnEsonGib and Nate Robinson. Rahman Jr claims he ‘babied’ Paul during those sessions and as if that wasn’t a big enough confidence booster, the son of a legend has highlighted Paul’s lack of stamina as an area of downfall when they square off for real. "Jake looked tired as s***,” said Rahman Jr on a recent Instagram live as he dissected Paul vs Tyron Woodley. “Both times he was exhausted, they were both exhausted and he was fighting people who had no experience. You see me, I didn't look like that. I didn't look as exhausted as they did in my fight. You keep talking about my stamina, why are you not talking about his stamina? “Cause he works hard at the gym? But when he get under them lights he don’t know what to do. That man been tired, he looked dog tired in the second, third round. He looked terrible, trash, even the commentators were talking about how terrible they look." Rahman Jr has been met with criticisms about his own endurance. Former super-featherweight world champion Joseph ‘JoJo’ Diaz ripped into Rahman Jr last week for getting tired in fights as he claimed the 12-1 professional boxer is ‘easy work’ for Paul. MORE BOXING NEWS... Usyk shuts down Joshua claims and opens up on wife's view on rematch Bjornsson given Fury alternative despite 13 STONE difference Fury 'better be ready' as Bjornsson sends fresh X-rated warning Speaking to FightHype.com, he said: "Jake Paul [wins the fight]. Hasim Rahman drops his hands too much and gets tired. That's easy work." Clearly, keen to prove a point, Rahman Jr has revealed that he intends to target Paul’s gas tank by using his size and strength to good effect. He continued: “How Jake gonna feel when he’s in there with someone way bigger than? Pressing him, he get tired in there with guys smaller than him.