Beatrice and Edoardo marked their second wedding anniversary while another member of the Royal Family celebrated another major milestone. Prince Andrew's eldest daughter observed her second wedding anniversary at a time when Camilla Parker-Bowles also received kind wishes for her 75th birthday. Princess Beatrice and Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi tied the knot in July 2020 while Covid-curbing restrictions were still in place. The couple's wedding service took place at a socially-distanced ceremony at the Royal Chapel of All Saints at Windsor's Royal Lodge. After receiving permission from the Queen, Beatrice and Edoardo opted to hold a private ceremony with their parents and siblings following the postponement of their original ceremony in Italy. The pair have since welcomed daughter Sienna to the Royal Family. JUST IN: Meghan Markle left Vanity Fair editor feeling 'manipulated' with her media 'demands' However, property developer Edoardo already has a five-year-old son Christopher Woolf from his previous relationship with American architect Dara Huang. Edoardo marked the couple's first wedding anniversary last year by uploading a selfie on Instagram. The 38-year-old said: "I can’t believe it has been one year. "Every second of every day since has been so full of joy, happiness, laughter and love. "You are the kindest, loveliest and most beautiful person in the world. "Thank you my darling for every second." Prince Andrew's eldest daughter rarely shares personal milestones on her social media platforms. However, in September 2019, Beatrice and Edoardo said in a statement: "We are extremely happy to be able to share the news of our recent engagement. DON'T MISS:Tory leadership LIVE: Shocking new favourite emerges [LIVE]‘Worst mistake’ gardeners can make during a heatwave - how to prevent [INSIGHT]Tory nightmare as voters REJECT Boris' replacements - NEW POLL [POLL] "We are both so excited to be embarking on this life adventure together and can't wait to be married. "We share so many similar interests and values and we know this will stand us in great stead for the years ahead, full of love and happiness."