The uncertainty surrounding Cristiano Ronaldo's immediate future at Manchester United will lead Chelsea to prioritise a move for Raheem Sterling this summer, according to reports. The Blues have been credited with a keen interest in bringing Ronaldo to Stamford Bridge over the coming weeks, with the 37-year-old having recently informed United of his desire to leave the club in advance of the new Premier League season. Ronaldo is believed to be adamant that he has another three or four years left in him and is unwilling to spend his time outside of trophy contention at United, who have failed to win any major titles since clinching the Europa League back in 2017. There is said to be interest from both sides regarding a potential move to Chelsea, but the Blues are seemingly prepared to hold off for now in order to snap up their confirmed targets as a matter of priority.According to The Telegraph, those in power at Stamford Bridge are painfully aware that Ronaldo's current situation at United is unlikely to be resolved any time soon. They are now gearing up to finalise a deal with Manchester City for the services of Raheem Sterling, who has been targeted by the Blues since the end of last season and is thought to be keen on the prospect of joining Chelsea this summer.There are also internal questions over whether Thomas Tuchel shares Todd Boehly's desire to negotiate the signing of Ronaldo, who remains tied down to United for another year. The Chelsea owner has reportedly scheduled talks with Tuchel in order to gauge his interest in bringing Ronaldo to west London and is not prepared to overrule the German manager's verdict if he decides against chasing the move between now and next season. JUST IN: Eriksen leaves Brentford in the dark despite 'agreeing' Man Utd deal Chelsea's plan to move forward in their pursuit of Sterling appears to be a sensible choice, with positive talks over the move having been held at club level over the last few weeks. There is a feeling that a deal could be agreed over the next few days in order to allow Sterling to join Chelsea's pre-season tour of America, which they will leave for on the weekend.The Blues are ideally looking to sign two new players before embarking across the Atlantic, with Boehly also keen to add a central defender following the departures of Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen. It remains to be seen whether Ronaldo will be among their new arrivals, but it seems unlikely at this stage given the early nature of Chelsea's interest and the complexity of the Portuguese forward's situation at United. The two-time European champions are not the only club to have recently been credited with an interest in Ronaldo, with Bayern Munich also said to be weighing up the possibility of snapping him up to replace Barcelona target Robert Lewandowski. It has also been suggested that Chelsea's desire to land Ronaldo could be fuelled by the commercial boost they would experience as a result of his arrival, with Noel Whelan having already pointed out that his capture would bring in plenty of additional cash."Players like Ronaldo are marquee players, they are marquee signings, marquee names," the former Premier League striker told Football Insider."Not only do they bring something special to the football pitch, they bring a marketing tool with them which earns the football club a lot of money in shirt sales so there’s many reasons why you can see Chelsea wanting Cristiano Ronaldo at their club." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here