Although Uhtred (played by Alexander Dreymon) will soon be back on screens in the upcoming feature Seven Kings Must Die, the mainline series was brought to an end with this year’s return of The Last Kingdom. As fans wait for the epic Netflix adventure to continue for one final time, the cast has admitted they often didn’t take filming quite so seriously as Uhtred’s fight for Bebbanburg. Series regular Emily Cox has revealed co-star Alexander frequently mocked her for her fighting style on the set of The Last Kingdom. Having starred in the series since the first season on BBC Two, Emily portrayed a Danish warrior of Saxon origin, Brida. Uhtred and Brida become close friends, allies and lovers, eventually turning against each other upon the death of her later husband Ragnar (Tobias Santelmann). The pair finally faced off in the latest instalment, but Brida was ultimately killed when Uhtred’s daughter Stiorra (Ruby Hartley) fatally shot her with an arrow. READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow expert in awe of gold ring found at car boot sale “To be honest, I really love it,” Emily said of the combat scenes in season five. “I’m an only child, so I’ve had the luck that I’ve never ever been hit by anybody and I’ve never had a fight!” Despite Emily’s lack of previous experience, she gave it her all in The Last Kingdom’s fight scenes. Her epic bout with Uhtred was soon heralded as one of the highlights of season five, even if it meant Emily’s role as Brida came to a tragic end. In her interview with Netflix, she continued: “So I found it really cool to have the sword in my hand and letting some aggression out, it’s actually really fun.” Emily also explained how she was able to prepare for Brida’s much more physical presence in the series this time around. “I did one year of Krav Maga before that, but I’ve never actually properly fought anybody,” she revealed. “So I love it. I used to dance a lot, and so I love moving, but it’s a very different way of moving.” DON'T MISS:Prince Harry will ‘not approve’ of The Crown’s portrayal of Diana [INSIGHT]America’s Got Talent fans in tears after Oxford shooting tribute [VIDEO]Stranger Things’ David Harbour lands role away from Netflix [LATEST] However, Alexander was apparently amused rather than impressed with Emily’s rather unorthodox fighting style. “Alex always makes fun of me because he always finds it looks a bit like a ballet dancer trying to fight!” Defending herself, Emily added: “I don’t, I think it looks cool.” Sadly, Emily won’t have the chance of a rematch against Uhtred after Brida died in his arms at the end of season five. Uhtred will be returning to Netflix one final time in the upcoming feature-length special episode, entitled Seven Kings Must Die. In the meantime, Emily has more roles in the pipeline, including three films, I Know Your Face, The Primary Talent and Alma & Oskar currently in the works. The Last Kingdom seasons 1-5 are available to stream on Netflix. Seven Kings Must Die will be released in 2023.