The gunman entered Greenwood Park Mall and began firing with a rifle, killing three people and injuring two before he was fatally shot by an armed civilian, it has been announced. Indianapolis Assistant Chief of Police Chris Bailey said: "We are sickened by yet another type of incident like this in our country."  WTHR news anchor Jennie Runevitch posted on Twitter: "Greenwood Police confirm a shooting at Greenwood Park Mall. "They confirm several people are injured, including the shooter. "Lieutenant on scene says potentially two fatalities. "Mall is being cleared. Stay away from the area as officers are on scene."  Officers attended the mall at 6pm (local time) and have been searching the mall for other victims. However, it is believed the incident was limited to the food court. Greenwood Police Department Chief Chris Ison said police had confiscated a suspicious package found in a bathroom close to the food court. Assistant Chief Mr Bailey added that there is no active threat to the area. READ MORE: Raab tells Brits to 'enjoy sunshine' as they brace for 40C scorcher  Indianapolis Metropolitan Police are assisting in the investigation, among others. Mayor of Greenwood Mark Myers, a suburb of Indianapolis with a population of around 60,000, asked for “prayers to the victims and our first responders”. He said: “This tragedy hits at the core of our community.” DON'T MISS:GB News: Tory leadership hopefuls blasted [ANALYSIS]Harry 'incredibly homesick' after return to California [INSIGHT]Prince Harry planned to ‘rewrite Palace rulebook’ - author claims [REVEAL]  The Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department (IMPD) posted on Twitter: "IMPD is assisting with an incident at the Greenwood Park Mall. "Please avoid the area. Greenwood Police Department is the lead agency. "Please avoid sharing misinformation on social media until they confirm details." Reactions on social media expressed sadness and anger over the incident, as the US continues to grapple with another fatal mass shooting.   User @Owen17396534 wrote: "It’s so sad that anytime you see a mall trending, you automatically know what happened. "You know it was a mass shooting, you know innocent lives were taken, and you know the law makers of America won’t do anything to stop it. "RIP Greenwood park mall victims." Department Chief Mr Ison described the civilian who shot the gunman as a "good Samaritan", reported ABC News. He has so far been identified as a 22-year-old from Bartholomew County. Mr Ison said: "The real hero of the day is the citizen that was lawfully carrying a firearm in that food court and was able to stop that shooter almost as soon as he began." He added that a 12-year-old girl who went home after the shooting was later admitted to hospital with minor injuries. Allegedly four of those shot were female and one was male.  