Ukrainian MP Kira Rudik spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about the Russian general's war tactics. Ms Rudik explained that Russia didn't need to use nuclear weapons to inflict complete destruction on to a country. The Ukrainian MP described the destruction of a major city in Ukraine, Mariupol despite the lack of nuclear force. Russia has been illegally invading Ukraine for well over four months now as peace talks between the neighbouring countries has frozen. Ms Rudik told the Express: "I believe the risks are high, but on the other hand I know that Russian generals fancy themselves saying they were able to achieve what a nuclear strike achieves without a nuclear strike. "Look at Mariupol, where all the children... Where all the people are dead. "And then all the buildings are destroyed, this is what you get when you are using nuclear weapons. "And they did it without the nuclear weapons and this hurts so badly." JUST IN: EU fear Liz Truss over hated Brexit deal and want ‘globalist Sunak’ as PM    Since the beginning of the invasion, the threat of nuclear attack by Russia has been high, on Ukraine and the West. Russian President Vladimir Putin threatened any country that got involved in his illegal invasion with an attack. Putin has also been running military and nuclear drills in order to intimidate Western nations and send a warning. Many Ukrainians had called for direct NATO involvement and boots on the ground but the West had to reject the idea, due to fears of it creating an all-out European war with Russia. READ MORE: Brexit LIVE: Movement lost! Sunak and Truss issued new ultimatum as EU 'revolt on hold' Putin's allies have also been threatening the West with nuclear destruction. Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov said in March: “We have a concept of domestic security, and it’s public. “You can read all the reasons for nuclear arms to be used.” He added: “So if it is an existential threat for our country, then it can be used in accordance with our concept.”  DON’T MISS: ‘EU revolt’ as Spain humiliates Scholz master plan to ration gas over Putin threat[INSIGHT] 'Sad' Fears Meghan and Harry could be 'used by Netflix' to 'promote drama' on royals [REVEAL] Meghan and Harry entering 'second part of transformation' as they cash in on Netflix deal [SPOTLIGHT] During a meeting with Russian Foriegn Minister Sergey Lavrov, Belarusian President Aleksandr Lukashenko pushed to detonating a nuclear bomb. Lukashenko said: "Russia should be ready to deploy nuclear weapons to counter the West’s global hegemony." He added: "We must be ready.  In the year 1941, you and I did not take part. But we have the historical memory. When we thought, believed, that is why we believe. But we must remain alert in all areas." Mr Lavrov reportedly replied: "Russia and Belarus will firmly maintain that their legitimate security interests in an era when NATO continues to act very aggressively are respected. We always stand for dialogue. We always stand for the decisions that ensure equality and balance of interests."