Established by UK rocket company Skyrora, the facility — which is based in the town of Cumbernauld — will join the firm’s engine test facility in Midlothian, which opened in March. The size of two football pitches, the vehicle assembly building in Cumbernauld is big enough to allow for the assembly of 16 “Skyrora XL” rockets each year by 2030. These, the company explained, will be launched from the Saxavord launch complex in the Shetland Islands. Already, one rocket has already been completed and two more have commenced production at the Cumbernauld facility — which is the first in the UK to provide full-stage structural, pressure, functional and cold-flow testing. This will allow the firm to test the second stage of the Skyrora XL to be fully manufactured, assembled and tested domestically, on UK soil. Hot fire testing of the second stage’s 3D-printed, 70kN liquid engine — the most powerful ever to be commercially produced in the UK — will be conducted on a stand at the Midlothian engine test facility. During a real launch, the second stage would fire at an altitude of around 38.5 miles before giving way to the third and final stage at around 118 miles for orbital insertion. Skyrora's Head of Engineering, Dr Jack James Marlow, said: “This purpose-built manufacturing and assembly site, combined with the Midlothian testing facility, allows Skyrora to take direct charge of the development cycle in-house. “As a business, we now have a full set of domestic facilities to allow for close control of the quality and rapid development and testing of Skyrora XL ahead of its demo launch. “The site will also allow us to further optimise manufacturing processes developed by our colleagues in Ukraine and scale up launch vehicle production in the long term, enabling further expansion and growth in the future.” The Cumbernauld facility, Skyrora has reported, will provide a boost to the local economy by providing up to 100 new high-skilled technical and business jobs. READ MORE: Biden unveils incredible deepest-ever image of universe Skyrora’s founder and CEO, Volodymyr Levykin said: “To play a significant role in the emerging global space economy, the UK has to develop sovereign launch capabilities. “This isn’t just about offering different locations for launch, but everything that precede that moment. “Being able to offer end-to-end domestic capabilities from development, manufacturing, testing, and launch provides the UK with a crucial advantage as it looks to unlock its capabilities and deliver on its potential on the global stage. “This crucial asset would not have been possible without the dedication and talent of the entire Skyrora team, both here in Scotland and in Ukraine.” DON'T MISS:France faces £8.4bn bill as energy woes threaten winter hell [ANALYSIS]Lurpak in horror warning as UK ‘on the edge’ of crisis [INSIGHT]What IS China up to? 'Mystery structures’ on South China Sea islands [REPORT] Mr Levykin continued: “We’re proud to be leading the way for the UK space sector, promoting further STEM [science, technology, engineering and mathematics] job creation that will be vital to the UK Government’s Levelling Up agenda. “As outlined in the National Space Strategy, small and medium-sized enterprises will be central to the Government’s wider plans for the space sector, and this new site is a prime example of this. “There is an enormous commercial opportunity to be seized here, and a chance for the UK to play a key strategic role in the new space economy. “However, in order to do this, investment is needed at the highest level of Government to support the efforts of private companies — otherwise, we risk missing the chance to future-proof the British economy and letting talent slip through our fingers.” The Cumbernauld facility has been made possible thanks to the support and assistance of both the UK Space Agency and the European Space Agency. UK Space Agency deputy CEO Ian Annett said: “As we approach the UK’s first commercial space launch this Autumn, Skyrora’s new manufacturing and production facility in Cumbernauld will further enhance the UK’s reputation as Europe’s most attractive destination for launch activities. “Scotland is home to around one-fifth of all space jobs in the UK. “By harnessing the opportunities provided by commercial spaceflight, we are creating highly skilled jobs and local opportunities in Scotland and across the country.”