Virgin River season four is on Netflix and fans discovered some surprises about Doc's (played by Tim Matheson) family. Denny (Kai Bradbury) was introduced at the end of season three as Doc's grandson, but the reason for his visit had not been explained. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about why Denny came to Virgin River. At the start of the new season, Denny went to Doc's house to introduce himself as his grandson. He revealed his grandmother, Rose Miller, had told him about Vernon and it was explained Rose was one of Doc's former love interests. Rose's sister had told Doc Rose was dead, but she was in fact still alive and had a son, who went on to have Denny. After Doc found out the truth, he was thrilled to have another family member in town and introduced him to Lizzie (Sarah Dugdale). Over the course of the series, Lizzie and Denny developed a romance, but Denny was very reserved. READ MORE: Virgin River's Preacher star confirms big change to iconic setting By the end of the series, it was revealed he had terminal Huntington's Disease. Doc had been warned by other residents that Denny could be in town to steal his money. Things looked bad when Denny broke into the medicine cabinet at the clinic, making up an excuse about needing aspirin. Later on, Denny was taking pictures of Doc's medical files and he was seen going to a bank to move a large amount of money. When Doc caught him out, Denny said he wanted to donate the insurance payout he received after his dad's death to pay off the clinic's mortgage. The mystery continued when Lizzie found a bottle of Klonopin in Denny's drawer. READ MORE: Why did Vince shoot Jack Sheridan in Virgin River? Denny said he was taken the tablets for anxiety, but this was not the case. In the end, he said he had Huntington's Disease, which is why he could not commit to being with Lizzie. He had revealed the truth to Doc, who wanted him to seek help, but Doc obviously swore to keep his condition a secret. Denny was taking the medication to help with seizures. He collapsed after he returned from Lizzie's house and said he was just dehydrated. DON'T MISS... Virgin River season 4 theory: Mel romance with newcomer sealed [THEORY] Virgin River season 4 theory: Brady killed off despite being cleared [DISCUSSION] Virgin River season 4 theory: Hope to suffer another health scare [THEORY] Really, this was most likely a symptom of Huntington's Disease, a condition he is embarrassed about. Huntington's disease is a condition that stops parts of the brain from working properly over time. The condition is inherited from a person's parents, meaning either Denny's mother or father had it. Denny explained both his parents were dead, and he just lived with his grandma. One of them may have died from the progressive disease. Symptoms include mood swings, involuntary movements, hallucinations and speech difficulties. It may not be long before people start to notice Denny's behavioural changes as a result. The end of the season did not reveal whether Lizzie and Denny would continue their relationship. Lizzie is likely to say she does not care about his condition, and that she will support him no matter what. Whether he chooses to stay or isolate himself is a different matter.  Virgin River season 4 is on Netflix now