Omid Scobie, co-author of the flattering but unauthorised biography of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex titled Finding Freedom, believes the "excitement and curiosity" Kate and Prince William once attracted in the States has "waned". And, he added, this lost enthusiasm is the result of the Cambridges falling "into a stable groove" as they settled down as a family of five. In a comment piece penned for Yahoo! News, Mr Scobie wrote: "In the couple’s earlier days, one couldn’t move for TV specials and magazine covers about William, Kate and their growing family. "But as their life fell into a stable groove, the excitement and curiosity for the pair waned. "With births and many of life’s major milestones checked off the list, they slowly became a tougher sell to audiences. "It’s why there were no US media outlets on the couple’s recent tour of the Caribbean." The space left by Kate and William has been filled by Meghan, Mr Scobie added, whose story within the Firm and life still attract great interest among the American audience looking for royal-related news. He wrote: "Though the US has long been fascinated with British royalty, interest in ‘The Firm’ was massively renewed when one of the country’s own married into the House of Windsor in 2018. "The story of Meghan’s journey as a royal (and all things related to it) still accounts for the majority of royal coverage in the US. "That space was once occupied by the Cambridges." READ MORE: Prince Harry 'not welcomed' by Anne and Sophie at Philip's funeral Mr Scobie's comment comes after the Duke of Cambridge announced the second award ceremony of the Earthshot Prize will take place in Boston, Massachusetts, in December. Sharing the exciting news with a video message, William said: "In 2022, we're back and bringing Earthshot to the USA where we'll award the next five winners of the Prize." The clip then cut to Red Sox All-Star Xander Bogaerts, who could be seen standing in the team's home stadium at Fenway Park. The sportsman said: "And we will be doing it right here in Boston." The announcement was made on the anniversary of the moon landing, a fitting choice as the Prize's name has been inspired by US President John F. Kennedy's Moon Shot challenge, which accelerated the race to bring the first man on earth's satellite during the 1960s. President Kennedy was born just outside the Massachusetts capital, and the John F. Kennedy Library Foundation will serve as a host partner alongside Mayor Michelle Wu and the City of Boston. While their in-person presence in the US has yet to be confirmed, the Duke and Duchess are widely expected to travel together to Boston for the event, launched by William in October 2020. During their trip across the pond, Kate and Prince William have been tipped to carry out a number of engagements Stateside. This would not be the Cambridges' first official trip to the US. In 2011, the pair touched down in Los Angeles after a whirlwind eight-day tour of Canada. During their working weekend in California, Kate and William had a close brush with Hollywood royalty as they attended the black-tie BAFTA dinner at the Belasco Theatre. The Duke also found the time to take part in a charity polo match hosted at the Santa Barbara Polo Club - the same where his brother Prince Harry now regularly plays with the local team called Los Padres. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge returned to the US in 2014, when they visited New York. News of a possible trip Stateside of Kate and William sparked speculation the pair may meet the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, who relocated to California in March 2020. However, royal commentator Richard Eden quashed expectations. Appearing on the Mail+'s Palace Confidential programme, he said while mentioning the Sussexes' trip to the UK for the Platinum Jubilee: "William and Harry were in the same cathedral at St Paul's in London and they were kept apart for the whole time, they didn't meet up once while Meghan and Harry were in London. "So the idea that while he is in the same vast country they might just pop over for tea is for the birds, is not going to happen."