England are in Perth this morning for the first match of the summer series against Australia. It's a big game for both sides as they try and get back on form ahead of next year's World Cup in France. With that tournament looming, England takes a strong team into this first clash at the Optus Stadium with Owen Farrell back in the side and Courtney Lawes leading out the team as captain. Marcus Smith will also feature along with veterans Danny Care and Billy Vunipola. If you want to watch the action then Sky has UK rights and you can find all the best deals below. Speaking ahead of the clash, England coach Eddie Jones said: "We feel we have a well-balanced team which is ready for this improving Australia team. "We'll take it to them from the start." And Wallabies coach Dave Rennie added: "The whole squad has worked hard over the past fortnight for what's going to be a tough three-Test series against a very good England side." "The honour of representing our country is a massive motivating factor and we'll be doing everything we can to put in a performance that makes all Australians proud." HOW TO WATCH ENGLAND v AUSTRALIA Sky Sports Main Event has all the action live from Perth with subscribers able to tune in via channel 401 with coverage starting from 10am and kick-off expected around 10.55am. If you use Virgin to watch Sky then you'll find the action on channel 511. Everything is also beamed to tablets and smartphones via the Sky Go app which is available for both Android and iOS devices It's worth noting that those who are away on holiday and trying to watch outside of the UK won't be able to use Sky Go due to geo-location restrictions. If you have a Sky subscription this problem can be easily fixed by using a recommended VPN (Virtual Private Network). You can find some of the best options below... Sky Go is also available on a number of platforms including Amazon Fire devices, iPad, Mac computers and laptops, PlayStation 3, PS4 and Xbox One. The Sky Sports app, available to download on iOS and Android devices, will also be providing live text coverage and updates. If you're not currently a Sky Sports customer but can't stand to miss out on the action, you can add the channels to your devices via a NOW membership. Day passes, which let you add Sky Sports channels for 24 hours, start at £11.98 a day. A monthly pass costs £33.99 and you can cancel anytime. NOW is also available on a NOW TV Box, Chromecast, PS5, PS4, PS3, Xbox Series X, Xbox One, Xbox 360, Roku, LG Smart TV, PC or Mac, and selected mobile and tablet devices.