The Royal Family has had a turbulent few years due to the exit of several senior royals. But the popularity of the Queen and the monarchy, in general, was clear for all to see during the national Platinum Jubilee events held over the June bank holiday weekend. So who are the least popular members of the Royal Family? Pollsters YouGov release polling data on the popularity of Royal Family members every quarter, and for quarter two of 2022, Prince Andrew remained the least popular royal on the list. Andrew held an 11 percent popularity rating in this poll, a drop of one percent since quarter one, and he has retained his 15th place position in the rankings. The Duke of York's reputation remains significantly damaged by the fallout of his association with the late convicted sex offender, Jeffrey Epstein. He also faced civil action in the US earlier this year and settled out of court with his accuser, Virginia Giuffre, who alleged she was trafficked to Andrew at the age of 17 by Epstein. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Harry to launch ANOTHER British lawsuit  The settlement was not an admission of guilt on the Duke's part, and he consistently denied the claims. He remains a non-working member of the Royal Family, and many of his honorary titles and military roles have not been restored since the case was settled. In 14th position in the latest YouGov poll was Meghan Markle, Duchess of Sussex, with a 25 percent popularity rating - up one percent this quarter. In 13th place was Princess Beatrice, who dropped below her sister Princess Eugenie in the latest poll with a popularity rating of 28 percent.  Eugenie, in 12th place, received a 31 percent popularity rating. In 11th place stood Prince Harry with 34 percent popularity, an increase of two percent since quarter one of 2022. Harry and Meghan sensationally stepped down as working members of the Royal Family back in 2020, and since then they have made the US their main home. In an interview with US TV host Oprah Winfrey last year, the Sussexes alleged comments had been made by someone within the Royal Family about the skin colour of their son Archie before he was born. DON'T MISS:Prince Harry slates Queen's top aide in storm over police protection [INSIGHT]Harry mocked for moaning about security after ditching Firm [ANALYSIS]Harry wins first round of High Court battle in security saga latest [REPORT]  Meghan also claimed she had received no help from the institution when she struggled with her mental health. While many were sympathetic to Harry and Meghan's wishes to live a more private life in the US, they also received significant criticism for the interview, which took place weeks before the death of Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh. Harry and Meghan's recent visit to the UK may have contributed to their boosted popularity ratings in the latest poll, as the pair had not been spotted together publicly on this side of the pond for more than two years. Harry and Meghan kept a low profile during the Platinum Jubilee celebrations, but they watched Trooping the Colour with other non-working royals from Horse Guard's Parade on day one of the celebrations.  The Sussexes also attended a Service of Thanksgiving for the Queen's life and reign at St Paul's Cathedral with other members of the Royal Family. According to YouGov, 'The Most Popular Royalty' rankings are as follows for quarter two of 2022: 