Rylan Clark, 33, made a grand entrance into the BBC Radio studios wearing almost nothing but a few strategically placed leaves, in a copy of an outfit Sinitta famously wore years earlier. An astonished Sinitta, who saw his leopard skin pants peeking out from behind the costume, joked that she could see his Versace swimming trunks. The old flame of Simon Cowell had previously made headlines for stepping out on live TV in her palm leaf creation back in 2009, claiming she "wasn't feeling" the idea of a bikini. In fact, she even picked the leaves from the garden of the X Factor judge's Caribbean home in preparation for the boot camp show, which was filmed in Barbados. "Simon was looking forward to the annual swimsuit and bikini and I just wasn't feeling it," the now 58-year-old revealed mischievously to Key 103's IN:Demand. "He was like, 'Oh are you going to go shopping and get something?' READ NOW: Meghan and Harry's appearance 'paint a thousand words' claims host "So when he went to bed that night I went and basically damaged his garden," the chuckling singer continued. "I plucked huge leaves out of his palm trees and came out in that." She added teasingly: "He thought I was coming out in an eenie-weenie bikini." The 2009 stunt by the So Macho singer caused quite a stir - and there have been replica versions of the outfit ever since. For example, Robbie Williams surprised Gary Barlow by donning a near identical version of the outfit on X Factor himself two years later. The singer had disguised his modesty in a pair of flesh coloured pants. However today Rylan had been opting for a jungle inspired look, with a flash of leopard print beneath his version of the outfit. Sinitta, who'd later announced Simon had realised he'd made a "mistake" by replacing her on the X Factor panel with a Spice Girl, could scarcely believe her eyes when she saw the presenter enter the room. DON'T MISS... Kim Kardashian's unearthed claim on ill-fated teenage romance from 90s [INSIGHT] Fern Britton on ten year therapy battle to avoid upsetting family [LATEST] VILE! Jeremy Clarkson savaged for taking 'xenophobic' swipe at Brexit [DEBATE] "@bbcradio2 Waiting for Rylan and and apparently he is going to outdress me!" (Sic) she exclaimed, adding the hashtag "#NOTpossible!" However it looked like the star, who'd previously been on X Factor himself as well, was giving her a run for her money in the edgy outfit. Sinitta was comparatively dressed down in a high-collared patterned shirt when she caught sight of him entering the studio to record the Rylan on Saturday show. She exclaimed in joking disbelief: "He literally stole my frock!" She filmed video footage of the star, who also wore a tiny bralet style vest underneath the leaves, for her Instagram account. The singer captioned it: "New single out now on all platforms!" The radio show featured herself and Rylan singing her classic 1980s hit So Macho together as they grabbed microphones and took it away. The presenter might be almost half Sinitta's age, but he was determined to compete with her when it came to emulating her most outrageous outfit.