Chelsea's recent capture of Kalidou Koulibaly could hand them the edge over Barcelona and Tottenham in the race to snap up Jules Kounde. The centre-half is being courted by a host of top European clubs after enjoying another impressive campaign for Sevilla. Thomas Tuchel is trying to rebuild the Blues defence after losing the services of Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen this summer, and the Chelsea chief has identified Kounde as a top summer transfer target. But any deal is far from straightforward, with a host of clubs interested in the 23-year-old. However, a new report from CBS Sports has outlined that playing alongside Koulibaly could help sway Kounde's decision if a bidding war for the sought-after Frenchman materialises. It is claimed that Kounde is 'excited' at the prospect of learning from Koulibaly, who joined the Blues from Napoli in a £33million deal last week and is set to lead Tuchel's new-look defence next term. READ MORE: Arsenal urged to fix 'massive problem area' by moving for Chelsea man Despite strong interest from Barcelona, Chelsea are hopeful of agreeing a €60m (£51m) deal for Kounde this week. Barca boss Xavi Hernandez has made it clear to club president Joan Laporta that the highly-rated defender is a 'top priority', with the Spanish giants also expected to firm up their interest in the former Bordeaux man in the coming days. But Chelsea's recent capture of Koulibaly could help them to fend off competition from their rivals in their bid to make Kounde their third summer signing. After months of uncertainty, Chelsea have finally been able to get to work in the transfer market after Todd Boehly completed his takeover of the club earlier this summer. The American has already concluded deals for Koulibaly and Raheem Sterling, who joined the Blues from Manchester City in a £47.5m deal. But the new Stamford Bridge supremo is expected to back Tuchel with more signings in the market ahead of the upcoming Premier League campaign. Tuchel admitted after Koulibaly's arrival last week that the club were still working on more deals this summer to bolster a squad that clinched a third-place finish last term. The German confirmed: "We’re working on more numbers. "Everybody is wishing to have the complete team in pre-season but this almost never happens. We’re working on it as fast as possible but at the same time we’re relaxed. We know what we have to offer and we’re also focused on the players who are here because in general that’s the most important."