Stranger Things fans agonised over the future of Max Mayfield after seeing Vecna leave her in a coma at the end of season four. With confirmation from the Duffer Brothers she is, in fact alive, the internet thinks they've cracked the code to her role in the finale. Leaving viewers wanting more has been one of the secrets to the Duffer Brother's success with Stranger Things but fans may be one step ahead with their new Max theory. Departing the last series not knowing whether the young heroine would live or die, it has since been confirmed the character managed to escape a fatal ending. Despite broken everything and brain damage, there's hope Max will make a full recovery, perhaps with a little help from her friends. Fans now think the Mayfield girl will defeat Vecna but she won't do it alone. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Amy Wyatt claims her second victim in revenge plot Floating around the Upside Down, zombie Eddie and Chrissy, albeit wrapped in vines, are vital to this new school of thought. While having a functioning body, fans are convinced Vecna still has hold of Max in some capacity. This connection has led them to believe Max will recruit others inside Vecna's head to help her escape. Getting hundreds of upvotes and messages of support on fandom websites, it does seem this Max Mayfield theory could have legs. Viewers took to Reddit to debate this possibility of hope for Hawkins. User @Crinkam suggested: "Max recruiting Eddie and Chrissy inside Vecna's mind to help her get out would be a great episode." This idea was met with positive responses as fans built on the theory that could mean the end of Vecna for good. Another, @ussrowe typed: "Yeah I think he's got Max, who still has a living body to go back to but I also wonder if we might see like zombie Eddie in the Upside Down and we know Chrissy's body is wrapped in vines in the upside down too. DON'T MISS...Stranger Things season 5 theory: Becky Ives return sealed [THEORY]Stranger Things fans outraged as Max star Sadie Sink dealt major award [INSIGHT]Stranger Things' Vecna star shares gruesome costume admission [INSIGHT] "Maybe they get a sort of happy ending by being reunited and going to the great beyond when all is done." The general consensus being a "mind heist" as the final battle with the ghoulish villain, fan @2WheelAddiction shared to a popular amount of upvotes: "Yes, only an army of the dead can destroy Vecna." Comparing the dilemma to that of Lyra in The Golden Compass, @BTYOR was adamant Max and mind control are the key to Vecna's downfall. They said: "That character basically goes to hell and frees all the people trapped in that dimension. "So in short I think Max is going to lead a rebellion from inside Vecna's mind with all of his victims." All speculation, nothing can be set in stone but more fans have seemed to approve of this solution to the Max Mayfield issue. Following audiences' devastation at the death of Eddie, the return of his character to fight off Vecna would surely be a welcome one too. Watch all available seasons of Stranger Things on Netflix now.