Bayern Munich could be taking a leaf out of Borussia Dortmund's book by taking a chance on the stars of tomorrow in response to Robert Lewandowski's summer exit. Dortmund have flourished in signing young, unproven players and helping them develop into elite-level players, with Jadon Sancho a prime example. Lewandowski has left Bayern for Barcelona in a £42.5million deal, with the Bundesliga champions cashing in after he entered the final 12 months of his contract with no intention to extend terms. The 33-year-old striker has signed a three-year contract at the Nou Camp and has already integrated with Xavi Hernandez's squad in Miami. He arrived at Bayern a world-class goalscorer and left a football legend after netting 344 goals in 375 appearances since his 2014 switch from Dortmund. In that time, he helped the Bavarians lift eight consecutive Bundesliga titles, three German Cups and the Champions League, netting 35 goals in 34 league games in his final season. But while many would expect Bayern to try and replace a player of his ilk with a similarly-headlining name, that doesn't seem to be the case. Of course, one could argue Sadio Mane is that replacement, but the club are aiming to sign a striker, and he's undoubtedly one for the future. JUST IN: Man City star Phillips heaps pressure on fellow newboy Haaland  According to Fabrizio Romano, Bayern are pursuing teenager Rennes striker Mathys Tel, with sporting director Hasan Salihamidzic confirming discussions. He said: "We've had a direct conversation with Rennes, and that's positive." The 17-year-old made seven Ligue 1 appearances last term, but he has predominantly caught the eye at youth level. Tel has scored five goals in nine games for the France U17s and five in six for the U18s, gaining the reputation of one of the nation's hottest teenage attacking prospects. Dortmund have taken a chance on teenage talent in the past, most notably Sancho, who opted for a move to Germany in 2017 after a lack of opportunity under Pep Guardiola at Manchester City. Four years later, the English winger sealed a £72m move to Manchester United. READ MORE: Chelsea have Jules Kounde bid 'rejected' by Sevilla in Barca hijack  More recently, Dortmund moved quickly to beat the Red Devils to Birmingham City midfielder Jude Bellingham. And considering the 19-year-old is already an England regular, the German outfit will be expecting even more profit on his eventual sale. Dortmund's success in putting faith in youth may have inspired Bayern to follow the same path, with Lewandowski's exit somewhat marking a new era at the Allianz Arena. If Tel completes a switch and is half the player the big Pole became at the club, it'd be a pretty decent start.