Good Morning Britain presenter Ranvir Singh, 44, took to Twitter and offered her support to journalist Kate McCann. It comes after the latest Tory leadership debate between Rishi Sunak and Liz Truss had to be cancelled after the presenter fainted on air. The Sun and TalkTV debate, hosted by journalist Kate, abruptly halted around halfway through after a loud crash was heard. TalkTV announced it would not be continuing the debate afterwards. A statement on Twitter read: "Kate McCann fainted on air tonight and although she is fine, the medical advice was that we shouldn't continue with the debate. "We apologise to our viewers and listeners." READ MORE: Alex Scott's appearance at Euro 2022 as leaves BBC viewers distracted  Following the announcement, Ranvir took to the micro-blogging site after her former GMB colleague, Erron Gordon, who moved to TalkTV last year, sent a message to Kate. He penned: "@KateMcCann we love you." Ranvir retweeted the message in view of her 109,000 followers as she sent her well wishes following the incident. She penned: "Sending you love @KateEMcCann. Hope you’re okay xx."  During the live debate, Ms Truss shouted "oh my God" after a loud crash was heard in the studios. The Conservative leader candidate was filmed holding her hands to her face before the lights went dark. She then walked away from her podium towards Kate. The programme immediately went off-air, with a message appearing on the screen, saying: "We are sorry for the disruption to this programme. DON'T MISS... John Cleese talks being careless with money after £12m divorce[LATEST]Katya Jones shows off flawless skin in make up free selfie[PICTURES]Helen Skelton's ex-husband Richie enjoys break with girlfriend[UPDATES] "We are working hard to fix the issue and will return to normal programming soon." TalkTV host James Whale confirmed Kate McCann fainted on set. He wrote on Twitter: "Sadly Kate McCann the host has fainted we will let you know more later." It comes after Kate was due to front the live TV debate alongside The Sun's political editor Harry Cole, but he tested positive for Covid-19 earlier today. He said earlier today: "Covid finally got me for the first time with spectacularly bad timing." Kate later reacted to Harry's message as the presenter explained she would be going solo. She wrote: "Gutted not to be hosting with my partner in crime this evening, we’ll miss you @MrHarryCole. "BUT while he may not be in the room tonight we’ve thrashed out the Qs together and we’ve got a great debate in store. Tune in at 6pm on @TalkTV." 