Cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, is a lifestyle and cleaning influencer with more than 4.5 million followers on Instagram. She is known for sharing her cleaning and tidying tips on social media and TV. Now, fans of hers have created their own social media groups where they share similar cleaning tips and hacks with each other. On one such group, Facebook user Natalie McAleese asked Mrs Hinch fans: “How to get rid of fruit flies please?” Natalie’s post was inundated with responses from Mrs Hinch fans. The most popular response was to put vinegar - either white vinegar, malt vinegar or apple cider vinegar - in a bowl covered with cling film. Yvonne Pitcairn said: “Best thing is apple cider vinegar in a bowl, some drops of Fairy liquid, cover with cling film and pierce some holes in it. “Leave it where you see the flies. You can also buy fruit fly traps off Amazon (I bought them). Same method with those too.” Jo Jones-Williams commented: “A small pot filled with vinegar, cover in cling film and poke small holes in. The flies get in and can't get out.” READ MORE: ‘The best way’ to clean patios for 29p - ‘removes stains and weeds’ Nini Arnott suggested: “Put some apple cider vinegar and some washing up liquid in a cup, cover with cling film and make small holes in it. “The flies can get in but not out. Works a treat.” Kelly Marie replied: “I put two glasses of vinegar in my kitchen because we had them really bad at my old house. “Put cling film over the glasses and stab holes in them with the fork. “They are attracted to the smell of vinegar. I couldn’t believe how many actually went in the glasses.” Claire Gibson said: “Apple cider vinegar in a water bottle in problem areas are working for me.” DON'T MISSPlants to ‘avoid’ growing beside each other - ‘very bad idea!’ [INSIGHT]When to plant grass seed - benefits of seasonal sowing [UPDATE]‘Most effective’ lawn task to stimulate ‘stronger’ grass growth [ANALYSIS] Julie Myhill wrote: “I put white wine vinegar in a small glass and then squirt some Fairy Liquid in, worked wonders for me.” Bob Ross said: “I got four bottles of cheap malt vinegar with open tops and placed them around the problem area. “I kid you not, it must have reached the hundreds by the time they'd gone. I felt grubby for months but it saved a lot of ickiness.” Liz Lacki suggested: “I just use the vinegar and no washing up liquid and works amazing.” Mandie Houghton commented: “Small glass bowl, pour apple cider vinegar in it and leave over night.” Ann Kerry wrote: “Cider vinegar and washing up liquid in a cup.” Catherine Ann Melissa replied: “We put apple cider vinegar and washing up liquid in a dish, covered it with cling film, pierced small holes on the top and left it in the room for a few days. “The amount in it was unreal do this every summer now no problems with them now.” Vinegar, if you don’t have any in your home already, is relatively affordable to purchase from most supermarkets. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Dri-Pak White Vinegar can be found at Ocado for £2. Tree Of Life Organic Apple Cider Vinegar With The Mother is £2.29 from Holland & Barrett. Essential Waitrose Malt Vinegar costs just 60p. Sarsons Malt Vinegar costs 90p from Tesco. Other suggestions for ousting fruit flies from Mrs Hinch fans included using basil and mint plants, white wine, wine corks, red wine and orange juice. Nena De La Cruz commented: “I’m the same, I really hate them. “I’m going to try the vinegar but I also read mint and basil plants are good as all flies and mosquitoes don’t like one of them. But flies hate both plants.”  Tanya Tulip said: “White wine and a little washing up liquid in a little bowl cover with cling film put a few small holes in. “They love wine and they can’t get back out as the washing up liquid makes the wine thicker - good luck.” Karena Tracey suggested: “Put used wine corks in the fruit bowl. Works for me.” Jackie Reed wrote: “Red wine leave half bottle open.” Melissa Smirnoff Evans commented: “Pure orange juice in a glass also works.” Joanna Thompson simply replied: “Fresh basil.”