Frank (played by Simon O'Brien) arrived on Coronation Street a couple of months ago as a new love interest for the established character, Sean (Antony Cotton). The two men have had some trouble with their romance, however, as George Shuttleworth (Tony Maudsley) knew the newcomer to the ITV soap at school and was bullied by him. This has painted Frank in a very bad light but there could be more secrets about his past coming out of the woodwork as Dylan Wilson (Liam McCheyne) makes his return to Weatherfield. Dylan is the son of Sean and Violet Wilson (Jenny Platt), who has been living between Manchester and London for over a decade. He made a short return to the show at the end of 2020 but he is set to make a permanent come back next week as he starts living with his father. The drama begins as Sean gets excited for his son to come and stay with him again, more so now he has a boyfriend to show off. Sean tells Eileen Grimshaw (Sue Cleaver) that he hopes the two characters will get on well so they can become a proper little family unit. It's not long before something goes wrong, however, as when Dylan arrives, he goes straight to the café and makes a mistake. READ MORE: Miriam Margolyes brands Leonardo Di Caprio 'A bit smelly' The youngster believes George is his father's new boyfriend and he has to be corrected when he finally does meet Frank. Later in the week, Sean will ask if Frank wants to join him and Dylan for some dinner so they can get to know each other a little better. Unfortunately, the newcomer refuses to come to dinner and tells his boyfriend it's because he doesn't want to intrude on Dylan's first night with his father. Sean is left seriously disappointed but he might not realise he is being lied to by his partner, who is leading a double life. It could very well be Frank already has a family and Sean is actually his bit on the side who he spends time with when he's supposed to be working. As Dylan realises something is off about Frank, he could decide to follow him and he could be shocked to see the newcomer kissing another man. Taking pictures of the scenes, Dylan could run back to Sean and show him the evidence that his boyfriend is leading a double life. Sean would be heartbroken and would confront his partner about the pictures, with Frank admitting everything on the spot. Seeing no need for the pair to see each other again, Sean would tell Frank to leave and to never come back as he's not worth his time. This would result in an exit for the character, who was always only meant to stay for a short period of time as he was a guest character. DON'T MISS...Katie McGlynn details ‘bittersweet’ moment she landed Corrie role [COMMENT]Alan Halsall weight loss: Secrets behind Corrie star's transformation [ANALYSIS]Sally Carman posts sexy swimsuit snap after battling illness [PICTURES] How Sean reacts to his break-up in the coming weeks and months is yet to be seen as Dylan would try to lift his spirits. The pair would also have to navigate being more involved in each other's lives now they are living together full-time. Will Dylan be the person to find his father the man of his dreams or will Sean give up on the possibility of having a romance altogether? Speaking about Dylan coming back into the fold all grown-up, the actor who plays Sean, Antony, has said he is looking forward to getting his teeth stuck into the storyline. Antony explained: "This was originally going to happen 12 months ago, with a different kind of story."  "Then stuff happens, as it always does, where something else was brought in and it was too similar," the actor explained. "Something happened and it didn't happen when it was supposed to. "But at the time when I was told that it wasn't going to happen, [Corrie producer] Iain MacLeod also said to me: 'Don't worry, it is going to happen in another scenario but it's going to take a bit of time.' "Then COVID happened. Dylan should have actually been on-screen a lot sooner, but then it all went wrong. And even before that, he should have been on screen a year ago but in a different incarnation. Discussing whether the actor who plays his son, Liam, would ever be replaced in the role, the actor explained it would always be him or his twin brother, Connor. The soap star said: "For me, there was only ever going to be Liam or Connor playing him because I knew them from when they were about two and a half. "I've kept in touch with them and seen them grow up. "Liam has worked more than Connor – he's done The Bay and Last Tango in Halifax. He's brilliant and he's an extraordinary young actor. "It's a real thrill for me because I've watched them grow up," he told Express.co.uk and other media. However, can Sean and Dylan make the most of their relationship and what other hurdles could they face in the future? Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.