John Cleese, 82, has gone on to social media and taken a brutal swipe at Tory leadership hopeful Liz Truss, 46. The Tweet was a response to a post by journalist Matthew Stadlen. In full view of his 5.7 million followers, the former Monty Python actor posted a damning tweet comparing Liz to Hillary Clinton. Matthew wrote to his own 39.4 followers, saying: “Has anyone wanted to be Prime Minister more than Liz Truss? “She can’t disguise her utter desperation for the top job even though she’s wildly unsuited to high office.” John responded, writing critically: “I think that Truss makes Hilary Clinton look quite irresistible.” (sic) READ MORE: Naga Munchetty replaced on BBC as host urged to 'call' presenter   The comedy actor’s fans were quick to take to the comment section and share their thoughts on the subject. @Lesquerston quipped: “Cheers John, I’ve now got Robert Palmer singing Simply Irresistible in my head at the same time as Hillary Clinton on the hottest day in history.” @Citizen75usa said: “Let’s not get carried away but can’t you folks find someone who might actually do a respectable job?” @CapitalBadBoy wrote: “Pot kettle I'm thinking here. “Still got hope that @KemiBadenoch comes through #BackingBadenoch #Kemi4PM #KemiForPM.” @Randomc**p93 commented: “Def something off putting about those who seem a bit too eager for power.” @Dnorm223 said: “Well in Hillary's defense she managed to have 2 Presidents impeached over humiliation issues. “Is that what you meant?” DON'T MISS... Eamonn Holmes sparks concern amid struggles 'Little to do with heat'[LATEST]Heidi Klum puts on risqué display with beau as she flashes legs[PICTURES]Strictly's Graziano and wife wow in pics as best man misses wedding[UPDATES] It comes as Truss presented her hypothetical policies and focuses should she become Prime Minister in last night’s televised debate on Channel 4. The televised debates began on Friday 15th July between candidates Rishi Sunak, Tom Tugendhat, Kemi Badenoch, Liz Truss and Penny Mordaunt. Following the first leadership debate, Express.co.uk ran a poll from 9pm on Friday, July 15, to 8am on Saturday, July 16, asking: “Who won the first Tory leadership debate?” Overall, 1,934 people responded and Tugendhat came out on top with 31 percent (590 people) of the vote. Former Chancellor Sunak came second with 20 percent (379 people) and was closely followed by Mordaunt with 19 percent (363 people). In addition, Badenoch received 14 percent (276 people) and Truss 13 percent (257 people). A further four percent (69 people) said they did not know who the winner was. The most recent debate took place yesterday in an hour-long head-to-head debate. It saw the candidates take on a more cutthroat approach as they engaged in personal slights against one another.