Manchester United goalkeeper David de Gea has insisted that he remains as committed as ever to the Red Devils in spite of their disappointing sixth-placed finish in the Premier League last season. De Gea was one of United's best players over the course of a disastrous campaign which saw them miss out on Champions League qualification and extend their painful trophyless run for yet another year. The Spanish goalkeeper bailed United out of trouble on more than a few occasions to regain his status as the club's first-choice stopper after he was briefly displaced by Dean Henderson for a period of time during Ole Gunnar Solskjaer's spell as manager. De Gea is now adamant that he wants to stay at United for the rest of his career in spite of their gradual fall from grace since his arrival from Atletico Madrid back in 2011."Yeah, if it’s possible," he told The Guardian when quizzed on whether he would be happy to continue playing for United until he eventually decides to hang up his gloves."If they let me stay I will stay, for sure. I’m really comfortable, happy and hopefully before I leave we can win something more. I didn’t talk with anyone yet [about a new contract] but of course, because I want to be here for more years." JUST IN: Jesus waxes lyrical about 'animal' in Arsenal squad following transfer De Gea, who is currently tied down at Old Trafford until the end of next season, was an outspoken critic of United over the course of the previous campaign and still feels humiliated by their on-pitch shortcomings under Solskjaer and later Ralf Rangnick. The Red Devils ended up 36 points adrift of Premier League champions Manchester City and suffered two heavy defeats to arch-rivals Liverpool on their way to finishing in sixth place after initially being tipped to challenge for the title."We cannot do the same because it was a disaster," added De Gea. "I really hope we’re going to play much better. It was very tough, embarrassing sometimes."Some games were a mess. It was painful, unacceptable. Sometimes, you have to feel pain to go up and keep going." United came agonisingly close to selling De Gea to Real Madrid back in 2015, when his proposed move to the Bernabeu fell through due to a fax not arriving on time. It seems as though he does not regret staying at United, though, in spite of the trophy-laden career that may have been waiting for him in the Spanish capital."I’m just thinking about Manchester," he went on to insist. "It’s my home, it’s a privilege, an honour to be in this club. It’s one of the best things in my life."Winning or not winning, just being in this club means more than trophies. Of course, we want to win, but representing United is bigger than any trophy." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here