Tim Henman claims Stefanos Tsitsipas "lost the plot" in his defeat to Nick Kyrgios. Henman has also explained how players can get knocked out of Wimbledon after the hotly-contested third round match. Kyrgios beat Tsitsipas in four sets on Court One but that doesn't even tell half the story. The Australian was warned after swearing when talking to the umpire, while his Greek opponent was given a code violation for smashing a ball into the crowd. Kyrgios wanted Tsitsipas to be defaulted after only narrowly missing a supporter. Henman believes both players crossed the line but was particularly critical of Tsitsipas. He says the 23-year-old was extremely lucky to not have been defaulted and says he missed a big opportunity to go far in the tournament by getting caught up in Kyrgios' antics. Henman said on BBC: "Well you're going to cross the line when you're swearing at the umpire in conversation and you're certainly going to cross the line when you're hitting the ball into the crowd like that.  "There's no doubt Tsitsipas was extremely lucky. If that ball hits a spectator, certainly in the head, he's going to be disqualified. "It didn't but he got a point penalty. When you hear him talking about the frustration in the cold light of day in a match, he's lost the plot. "Playing against Kyrgios you've got to expect those antics from Kyrgios, which we've seen time and time again. He will get a fine but Tsitsipas is the one that's been distracted, it's affected his performance and he's the one that's lost. "He's got to learn from this Tsitsipas because he's a great player. He's top five and I think he's missed an opportunity here." Henman was then asked what it takes for a player to be kicked out of a Grand Slam tournament. He says it is a subjective decision from the officials even if it hits a member of the crowd.  Henman continued: "[Tsitsipas wasn't defaulted] because he was very fortunate that it didn't hit someone. That is so fortunate that it goes between the couple in the third row in the stands and hits the wall. "If that hits them it's an immediate default. We saw what happened to Djokovic in New York. "It's subjective. If you're frustrated and you hit the ball way up into the sky and it lands on someone's shoulder, you're not going to get disqualified for that. "But if you hit the ball away in frustration like that, you will get disqualified." 