Kate Middleton, 40, and Queen Letizia of Spain, 49, have both been videoed shaking people’s hands during their time as working royals. But which royal has the firmest handshake? Judi James, a body language expert, analysed clips of the two women shaking hands, exclusively for Express.co.uk.  She said: "Handshakes are an important and powerful way of introducing who we are in terms of confidence and charisma, as well as how we relate to the person we are shaking with. “In business and formal events, they can also define status and authority. “This is why politicians are so keen to perform the power shake on other world leaders. “For royals, the ‘intentional gesture’ is different, but the ritual is still very telling.  “The differences between the handshakes of Letizia and Kate are, taking cultural differences on board, fascinatingly revealing,” the expert noted. Why is this? Judi explained: “Letizia’s handshake would be described as ‘presidential’. “She performs it with speed, energy and strength to suggest confidence and an almost CEO or presidential level of status.   “Letizia instigates all the shakes in this clip. “Like a US politician, she has a subtle trait of double-bagging, i.e., shaking with one person but beginning to turn her attention to the next in the line. “This signals both authority and a busy schedule. “Her thumb is cocked as she holds her hand out in an announcement gesture, adding to the suggestion of brisk keenness and confidence,” Judi explained.  READ MORE: Pippa Middleton lives in £17m home in Chelsea - perfect for new baby How does this differ from the Duchess of Cambridge’s handshake? Judi opined: “Kate’s handshakes tend to be slightly slower and more empathetic. “Rather than working her way through the line-up here, she uses them as a ‘softer’ introduction to a chat by adding eye contact to the greeting. “Her power signals are lower here and she allows her hosts to instigate the shakes, turning the tables around by putting them in control.  “However, Kate’s handshakes on solo appearances have recently been reflecting higher levels of power and confidence. “Even here, where she is allowing William to take the lead, we can see the ‘dig-down’ technique she is using more frequently where her elbow is raised and her hand moves down into the shake rather than being held at an even angle. “This would suggest a sense of energy and assertiveness. “It would be a big move away from the traditional female royal handshake that often involves a 45 degree angle arm bend and a very weak grip." 