New driving laws introduced in June and July aim to crack down on dangerous driving but could result in motorists owing hundreds in fines. The RAC argued that many motorists will be unfairly punished by the update to the Highway Code and new powers given to local authorities. Nicholas Lyes, head of roads policy for the RAC, commented on the rule change, saying: “This could lead to an avalanche of penalty charge notices being wrongly issued and then having to be appealed.” READ MORE: Drivers warned of £5,000 fines for wearing sunglasses as some can cause dangerous driving As a result, Express.co.uk asked readers whether they thought motorists were unfairly fined. In a poll that ran from 2pm on Saturday, June 18, to 10am on Monday, July 11, Express.co.uk asked: “Are British drivers treated like cash cows by the police?” In total, 9,372 people responded and overall, a huge majority – 94 percent (8,825 people) – said “yes”, the police do treat British drivers like cash cows. A further five percent (471 people) said “no” they do not, while one percent (76 people) said they did not know either way. Hundreds of comments were left below the accompanying article as readers debated driving fines. A majority of readers commented that the police were unfairly targeting motorists with one, username BrumPhi writing: “The police should be renamed, ‘revenue collectors’.” Another reader, username Warwick Shire said: “Motorists are easy targets.” Others argued that it was not just police using drivers as cash cows, but local authorities and parking companies too. Username Cynical Mey said: “Not just be the police. Let’s not forget parking wardens, parking companies.” Username Vinny781 wrote: “Not just the police. They are used as cash cows by Government and local authorities as well.” And username Harburn said: “Yes the police target motorists but are not alone, local authorities parking and ULEZ areas, government road tax and fuel taxes. The motorist is the target for easy money.” However, username I N COGNITO said: “Simple solution. Don't break the law, and you won't get fined. What's so difficult to understand.” And username JackDawn said: “If people would follow the rules of the Government there would be no fines.” DON'T MISS: Drivers warned of common heatwave driving mistakes that can result in £5,000 fines [WARNING]Driver avoids paying £100 parking fine with a clever smartphone trick [ADVICE]Should I buy a diesel, petrol or electric car? Your options weighed up [ANALYSIS] One new rule means that drivers could face fines of up to £5,000 for wearing clothes that are deemed too baggy this summer Experts suggest that baggy clothes could become tangled on the brake or clutch pedals and could lead to accidents and motorists being charged with careless driving. Drivers who are found wearing inappropriate clothing which could restrict manoeuvers currently face £100 spot fines and three penalty points. These fines can increase to £5,000, plus nine penalty points and even a driving ban if the case is taken to court. Many readers branded such fines as “ridiculous” and claimed that police were “targeting motorists”. Username FAIRDOOS added: “Never heard such ludicrous rules in my lifetime.”