In June, Amanda Owen confirmed to Our Yorkshire Farms fans she and husband Clive had made the decision to separate. The popular Channel 5 series has documented the Owens throughout the last few years as they run one of the most remote farms in the country, Ravenseat. Their brood, whose ages vary from four to 21, have always got stuck in to help their parents with the daily upkeep of the farm, but the Yorkshire Shepherdess recently admitted to chef James Martin this had never been "a plan." Talking to the chef on James Martin's Saturday Morning late last year, Amanda was asked about the team effort. "You're very much a family tradition, everybody gets in and mucks in," James commented. Speaking about her book, The Yorkshire Shepherdess, Amanda replied: "Well the kids are actually involved in the book! "Because they took the pictures that I'm in! So it really is sort of a family effort." READ MORE: Amanda Owen speaks out on new role ‘Jumped at the chance’ She continued: "And I mean, you know, there was no plan. I mean probably no family planning either actually, now you mention it, but there you go!" Reflecting on the family's agricultural and somewhat isolated life, she explained: "But I think that is part of where you live. "When you're out, rural, in the countryside, I think you do have a different kind of mindset. "Maybe a bit of a freer kind of mind, because you do feel that sense of independence, I think." "Well, independence because you have to," James pointed out. He went on: "So it's challenging, the independence stuff, because you're in a situation where you can't not (be independent). "You're right, but you also rely on other people a bit, you have got farms dotted around you, everybody sorts of helps out." The 50-year-old, a Yorkshireman himself, added: "It's Yorkshire mentality really isn't it? They're all there to help out and muck in." DON'T MISS... Coronation Street theory: Yasmeen Nazir killed as Stu's past uncovered [LATEST]Harry and Meghan 'not showing love' claims royal author Levin [VIDEO]Paul Newman addresses 'terrible' Robert Redford rumour [INTERVIEW] "Absolutely," Amanda agreed as she went on to explain her children "love" to feel they help provide for the family. She remarked: “We’re not a very growy place, don’t get me wrong. “But that doesn’t mean we can’t make the most of what we can find. We’ve had actually quite a lot of mushrooms of late. “We’ve had mushrooms, we’ve also had raspberries and blackberries, anything I can make the kids work for. “We’ve picked wild garlic and anything like. They love to feel like they’ve provided and put food on the table.” Despite their break-up, the family seem as though they will continue to remain close-knit in their work. Amanda told her 513,000 Twitter followers of her split: "Clive and I are sad to confirm that we have made the difficult decision to separate. "This hasn't been easy, but we both believe it's the right choice for the future of our family. "Although we are no longer a couple, we continue to work on the farm and co-parent together, with our number one priority the happiness and well-being of our children. "We would like to thank everyone for their support and would ask that the media please respect our privacy as we work through this difficult time." Our Yorkshire Farm is available to watch on My5, while James Martin's Saturday Morning can be viewed on ITV Hub.