A healthy lifestyle and a nutritious diet are the usual suspects when it comes to cutting your risk of dementia. However, it’s not just about how you treat your body, your mind also plays a part. SolitaireBliss suggested that memory activities are a great way to stimulate mental fitness and improve your brain health. Here are the top activities that may cut your risk. Whether you enjoy puzzles or prefer to stretch your mind during a game of chess, you might be onto something. Although the term memory activity might not sound fun, it often describes popular hobbies and games that many enjoy. From knitting to card games, there’s plenty to try while also reducing your risk of dementia. A spokesperson for SolitaireBliss said: “Not only are brain training activities beneficial by engaging cognitive skills, but they can help to prevent the early onset and reduce progression rates of Alzheimer's, dementia and other memory-affecting diseases.” READ MORE: How to live longer: Dr Mosley shares the ‘key to longer life’ - it involves sitting “The benefits of taking part in any of these activities will keep your brain happy, healthy and engaged and give you the opportunity to learn a new skill and increase your social skills simultaneously.” They recommended these five activities for preventing Alzheimer’s disease: What’s more, even Alzheimer’s Society shares that keeping your mind active could help lower your risk.  The charity states: “Regularly challenging yourself mentally seems to build up the brain’s ability to cope with the disease. “One way to think about it is use it or lose it.” Whether you’re five or fifty-five, there are various puzzles and jigsaw games available. SolitaireBliss said: “Both physical and online puzzles are mentally stimulating and can also help increase concentration and attention levels whilst working to enhance positive moods.” READ MORE: Micky Dolenz health: 'I’d have taken better care of myself' Star on his health woes age 77 Shuffle away as card games are considered another great activity for your brain. They help you work on improving problem-solving and strategy building while also being a fun social activity. SolitaireBliss said: “Contrary to popular belief, knitting is not only for the elderly. “Knitting is a great way to keep all brain parts active and engaged.” Two opponents and 64 squares, the popular game isn’t just about being competitive as it’s also a great way to challenge your mind. SolitaireBliss explained it boosts your critical thinking at the forefront of your brain. They added: “The ancient game helps to develop pattern recognition, analytical thinking, exercise logic and improve memory.” However, if you prefer to go digital you can still reap the benefits. You can get puzzles and games also on your phone. For both Android and Apple users, there are plenty of apps to choose from.