Stephen Woodall, 40, of Keyes Drive in Kingswinford, West Mids, cried, "You are not a Royalist, you hate the Queen", before pouncing on Philip Price and biting him. The assault came just months after Woodall branded Mr Price a "c***" and threatened to kick in his head for not "showing some respect" in the wake of Prince Philip's death. Wolverhampton Crown Court heard how Mr Price was contacted by the defendant via Facebook Messenger at about 3.20pm on May 7 last year. Woodall's message read: "You need to be careful. Next time I see you I'm going to kick your head in. Show a bit of respect. You might not like the Royal Family but show some respect." A second message sent at about 5.56pm said "Tag a c***" and featured a one-minute video clip of Woodall describing his victim using the expletive. Mr Price, 63, did not reply to the "threats", but believed the defendant was "capable" of attacking him, the court heard.  Prosecutor Andrew Parker said Woodall held on to his disdain for some time, even when the pair crossed paths weeks later at The Cabin pub in Dudley on July 31. Mr Price went to the smoking area at the watering hole when he spotted Woodall with another man. Woodall "gestured aggressively" towards Mr Price before declaring, "You are not a Royalist, you hate the Queen". He walked up to him, grabbed him by his shoulders and shoved Mr Price against a wall.  READ MORE ABOUT CARAVAN OWNERS FORCED OFF A SITE Woodall then bit Mr Price on the left side of his face before a passer-by jumped in. Mr Price was left in "excruciating pain" and rushed inside the pub to raise the alarm with staff before the police were called, BirminghamLive reports. The court heard on Thursday that teeth marks were "clearly visible" on his face after he was handled in a "gratuitous and degrading" way. Mr Parker said: "He just happened to disagree with Woodall's views concerning the Royal family." In a statement read out in court, Mr Price said he struggled to hug his grandchildren after the attack and had suffered multiple strokes.  DON'T MISS: Putin edges one step closer to utterly eradicating Ukraine from map [REVEALED] Putin reeling after saboteurs strike inside Russia's borders [LATEST] World War 3 as Putin to ‘launch nukes’ if China invades key area [REPORT] He was also prescribed antibiotics for an infection after seeing his GP. Mr Price said: "I'm constantly worried around other people, especially when they are behind me." Woodall, who represented himself, blamed his offending on "boyish mistakes". He said: "I'm not a bad lad. I have just made stupid mistakes. I'm absolutely terrified that I'm going to prison today. It's going to have massive psychological effects on my partner. "I wish Mr Price was here today and I could apologise to him. Unfortunately, I can't turn back the hands of time. I wish I wasn't there that night. "I 100 percent regret what I have done and I'm ashamed of myself."In sentencing, Recorder David Lock said Woodall thought his victim was not paying "significant respect" to the Royal family after the death of Prince Philip.  Woodall had been "drinking all day" with a colleague before spotting Mr Price in the pub and launching the "wholly unprovoked" attack. He said: "We live in a democracy where there are a huge variety of views on a whole manner of subjects. "You have to respect the views of others, whether you agree, disagree or even find them offensive. You suggested this was a stupid spur-of-the-moment event - I do not accept that. "The assault only stopped because others pulled you off... You assaulted him because you disagreed with his views." Mr Lock added there was "no medical evidence" to show Mr Price's strokes were caused by the stress of his attack, but he accepted it had hit his confidence.  Woodall admitted wounding to inflict grievous bodily harm and sending a communication conveying a threatening message. He was handed a 12-month sentence, which was suspended for two years. Woodall was ordered to carry out 200 hours of unpaid work. He must also pay £1,000 compensation, £340 costs and a £187 victim surcharge. The court heard how the defendant had a previous conviction for firing an air rifle beyond premises and criminal damage in May 2014. For that offence he was previously handed a 12 month-community order with six months supervision and 80 hours unpaid work. 