Royal commentator Richard Fitzwilliams noted the couple have not lived without controversy – famously so. But he added they are “soulmates in every sense”. The Queen earlier this year announced that the Duchess will become Queen Consort when, “in the fullness of time”, Prince Charles becomes King. In a statement released to mark the Platinum Jubilee, Her Majesty said: “I would like to express my thanks to you all for your support. I remain eternally grateful for, and humbled by, the loyalty and affection that you continue to give me. “And when, in the fullness of time, my son Charles becomes King, I know you will give him and his wife Camilla the same support that you have given me; and it is my sincere wish that, when that time comes, Camilla will be known as Queen Consort as she continues her own loyal service.” Mr Fitzwilliams said this was a role the Duchess is more than capable of performing. He described her as a “headstrong” woman, a fact the Prince of Wales “respects”. The royal commentator told OK! magazine: “Camilla is pure gold to Charles. “We’ve witnessed great love stories in our monarchy, from Victoria and Albert to The Queen and Prince Philip. “This affair was one of the most controversial in royal history but they’re soulmates in every sense.” READ MORE: Kate favour for Camilla praised as Duchess steps up for fellow royal He added: “They balance their work and relationship perfectly. “If Charles wants to work, she’ll let him. And if Camilla wants some alone time, she’ll have it.” Speaking of her home life, Mr Fitzwilliams noted: “Camilla enjoys her own space at Ray Mill. DON'T MISS: Andrew to remain firmly 'off stage' despite settlement [REVEAL] Charles and Camilla's Coronation plans unveiled [REPORT] Meghan and Harry blasted for staying silent on 'dramatic' Camilla coup [OPINION] “It’s a sanctuary where she can do exactly what she wants, when she likes. “She’s a comfortable, headstrong woman who has her own family and Charles respects that.” The royal will later this month celebrate her 75th birthday. In the run up to July 17, a number of events have been held to mark the occasion, including a lunch run by The Oldie magazine, at which Camilla praised The Queen and Prince Philip’s leadership styles. The Duchess also guest-edited the latest issue of Country Life, with the magazine’s front cover displaying a photo of herself taken by the Duchess of Cambridge. Commending Kate’s work, Camilla said: “It was very relaxed and, of course, very kind that the Duchess of Cambridge came with her camera. “She's an extremely good photographer and it was all very casual.”