The rockstar’s most recent surgery aimed to adjust pins that were inserted into his neck and spine following a near-fatal ATV crash back in 2003. With the support of his wife Sharon Osbourne and two children, Osbourne was seen using the support of a cane nearly one month after the “major operation”. Reassuring fans via social media that he was “feeling good” one source was quoted revealing the reality of the situation for the ageing star. They were reported saying: “Ozzy is 73 and any kind of surgery when you get older is difficult.” The star’s surgery was spurred on after he tragically fell back in 2019, dislodging his metal rods and causing him severe discomfort in his back. Describing the incident and the long list of other health troubles he has faced in recent years, Osbourne said: “When I had the fall it was pitch black, I went to the bathroom and I fell. “I just fell and landed like a slam on the floor and I remember lying there thinking, ‘Well, you’ve done it now,' really calm. Sharon [called] an ambulance. After that, it was all downhill.” Trying to carry on as normal following the fall, Osbourne went on to say that he had not realised the extent of his injuries. He continued to say: “It wasn’t really a problem for a while.  DON'T MISS: Micky Dolenz health: 'I’d have taken better care of myself' Star on his health woes age 77  Perhaps the biggest development concerning Osbourne’s health journey came back in early 2020 when he revealed that he has Parkinson’s disease, and was first diagnosed back in 2003. Revealing the bombshell during an interview on Good Morning America, Osbourne shared: “I’m not dying from Parkinson’s. I’ve been working with it most of my life. “I’ve cheated death so many times. If tomorrow you read ‘Ozzy Osbourne never woke up this morning’, you wouldn’t go, ‘Oh, my God!’ You’d go, ‘Well, it finally caught up with him.’” Describing that he has to be on medication to control his tremors, the star and his family stated back in September 2021 that he had the progressive brain disorder “under control” and Osbourne himself is determined not to let the disease take hold of him just yet.  He added: “People have written me off time and time again, but I kept coming back and I’m going to come back from this. “When? I don’t know,” he says. About performing, he adds: “I don’t want to go back out there until I’m ready.” However, despite his positive outset, back in a January 2020 interview Osbourne admitted that sometimes thoughts of death do worry him. He shared: “Do I ever think about when my time’s gonna come? I think about it; I don’t worry about it. I won’t be here in another 15 years or whatever, not that much longer, but I don’t dwell on it. It’s gonna happen to us all.”   “Am I happy now? No. I haven’t got my health. That thing knocked the s**t out of me, man, but I’m still here,” he continued, referring to his Parkinson’s disease diagnosis. “In fact, I worried about [death] more when I was younger than I do now. I just try to enjoy things as much as possible, even though that’s so f***ing hard sometimes.” Despite the constant knock backs on his health, Osbourne was seen at the recent Comic-Con event in good spirits, a few months before the planned release of his forthcoming studio album Patient Number 9. 