Former Liverpool defender Steve Nicol has given his view on the one possible way that Harry Kane could see a transfer to Bayern Munich as a “no-brainer”. The German club’s CEO Oliver Kahn has claimed that a move for the England captain is a “dream” for their future, as Kane has just two years left on his Tottenham contract. Kane did attempt to force through a move to Manchester City last summer and refused to turn up to pre-season training, but a switch did not materialise and since Antonio Conte replaced Nuno Espirito Santo in November, the striker has been committed to Spurs. After scoring just one goal in Tottenham’s first 14 Premier League games, he went on to finish with 17 goals and nine assists as Conte’s side secured Champions League football. Kane has since claimed he is happy in north London again, but that has not stopped Kahn from talking about the England star. “He is under contract at Tottenham," Kahn told BILD after being asked if Kane is a future Bayern Munich target. "Sure, an absolute top striker, but that's all a dream of the future. So let's see what happens." Nicol was adamant that Bayern Munich could not afford Kane right now, but did concede that one situation could make the 28-year-old believe it would be a “no-brainer”, to move to the German side. “If Conte decides to leave at the end of the season then if you are Harry Kane it is a no-brainer to go to Bayern Munich,” Nicol told ESPN. “Why not [for Harry Kane]? Guaranteed you win the Bundesliga, win a title. JUST IN: Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag ‘won’t give three players new slates' “Unfortunately it is not down to Harry Kane, what Harry Kane thinks doesn’t really matter. If Bayern turn around and offer £200million and Tottenham say ‘You know what’, he will go. Bayern aren’t doing that. “But as far as talking about right now, it is absolute dreamsville. No chance whatsoever. If Bayern could afford to turn around and pay £200m, they could have given that money to [Erling] Haaland. So they are not doing it.  “Dream is the word, dream on. I mean how much is he going to cost you right now to get Harry Kane to Tottenham? A lot. Bayern aren’t going to pay that, not a chance. Are Spurs going to let him go? Not a chance. They are in dreamsville. No chance, absolutely zero chance.” Conte could be the key to keeping Kane at Tottenham, but the Italian coach does have a history of leaving clubs at short notice. He already stated he could quit after Spurs lost 1-0 to Burnley in February. "In the last five games we lost four games,” Conte told reporters. “I think nobody deserves this type of situation, but this is the reality. "There will be assessment about the club and about me because for me this situation is very frustrating. The club has to make an assessment to understand what is the best solution. This club has changed coaches, but the players are always the same, and the results have not changed. I cannot accept continuing to lose."