During an old episode of ITV's Tipping Point Lucky Stars, former BBC Breakfast presenter Louise Minchin, comedian Josh Widdecombe and One Show presenter Michelle Ackerly all took on the machine to win a large sum of money for their chosen charity. During the round, ITV host Ben Shephard took a cheeky swipe at the BBC start after she answered his question before he could finish. During the beginning of the first round, Louise had only made one correct answer and was determined to get more money banked. As Ben asked: "Lord Adonis and Baroness Blower are seated in the House of Lords..." before Louise buzzed in. However, she realised she had made an error and expressed: "Oh, I have messed up. You didn't end the question. They could be Lords...." Ben immediately stopped her and revealed: "No, Lord Adonis and Baroness Blower are seated in the House of Commons as members of which political party. READ MORE: James Martin hits back at viewers as he licks fingers during demo "Labour part was the correct answer we were after Louise, I am afraid." The counter was then moved to the penalty spot for the contestants to play for once the round had ended. However, Louise learnt the error of her ways and allowed Ben to finish the question when buzzing in for an answer, to which Ben took a cheeky swipe. He asked: "Cooking with Pooh is a children's recipe book featuring which famous honey-loving bear was first created by which author?" Louise buzzed in: "A. A. Milne," to which Ben quipped: "A. A.Milne is right, Louise, see what happens when you listen to the whole question!" She laughed and added: "Honestly, I was holding myself back!" At the end of the first round, the three contestants had two jackpot counters to play for which Ben asked: "In the Western meteorological calendar, the three winter months in the Northern hemisphere are December, February and which other?" Josh buzzed in and answered: "January," which was correct before Louise made fun of herself once again and said: "I was trying to listen to the question." DON'T MISS...Tipping Point fans claim Ben Shephard 'hasn't aged a day' [LATEST]Tipping Point’s Ben Shephard admits wife Annie 'annoyed' with his mum [INSIGHT]'Smoke and mirrors' Ben Shephard addresses break from ITV show [WATCH] Leading the first round was Michelle with £1,200, and in joint second were Josh and Louise, who had both banked £400. However, it all changed during the second round as Louise had a successful stint on the machine and managed to climb up to £2,300, with Josh in second with £1,900, meaning Michelle was eliminated. The third round, however, saw Louise's downfall as she was eliminated by Josh, pushing out a staggering 14 counters, leaving him with £3,900. Ben commented: "Louise, sadly, we have found your Tipping Point, but the good news is you’ve won £2600 for your charity. Can you tell us what it is?” She replied: “Oh, thank you so much for that, you’ve already heard I’m a bit passionate about exercise. “This charity is called Move, and it works with people who are suffering with cancer or affected by cancer to get them moving. “My husband had cancer when he was 28, so he would have very much benefitted from a charity like this. That’s where the money is going.” Ben exclaimed: “What a fantastic charity, and I’m thrilled you’ve come to play. Louise Minchin, everybody!” Tipping Point Lucky Stars airs Saturday from 4pm on ITV.