But the contest has been defined by a strange interpretation of experience. We both have our fair share of ministerial experience and are all too aware that not all experience is equal, and that having been a Secretary of State does not a Prime Minister make. Far more important than which table you sit at is what you did with the responsibility you had. That’s what separates the good ministers from the great. Why do we value experience? Because it gives us an indication that a person is equipped for the job and the challenges it entails. When interviewing for any job you are expected to provide information of previous roles which illustrate your ability to take on the responsibilities on offer. We rightly want to know that we can trust the person we are putting forward for Prime Minister to be able to thrive in the job, execute their vision and deliver on their promises. Track record of execution in government then, should be a higher priority than knowing how to find the cabinet room, and few can hold a candle to Kemi Badenoch’s record here. She has held several serious ministerial jobs, often multiple at once, in the Treasury, DLUHC, Education and Equalities, and has something to show for all of them. We both worked with her closely at DLUHC. Her grasp of her brief and ability to spot roadblocks and then navigate them to get to where she wanted to be was outstanding. Not many Cabinet Ministers, never mind Ministers of State, boast this ability in the way that Kemi does. Government experience is not everything of course. Many of our most formidable Prime Minister’s have risen to power without any government experience at all, entering straight into the top job. Yes, Cameron and Blair both had party leadership experience beforehand but it should not be controversial to point out that leading an opposition party is scant preparation for leading a government. Experience is only one aspect we should be looking for in a leader, and we must recognise the downsides as well as the benefits. Clearly the direction in recent history has been off course, or we would not be in this position. The status quo has not been working. Choosing a candidate who has had significant responsibility for that status quo would not be without consequences. Instead, we need change, a fresh face, and someone who is able to bring renewal from government. Without it we are coasting towards a substantial election defeat in the next two years. Kemi Badenoch is the change candidate. She has an enviable track record of delivery in government without bearing significant responsibility for the wrong turns of recent years. Kemi is a new face and represents the fresh start that people want; honest, hard working, and effective. She has the experience, motivation and vision for the change we need, and knows how to get us there.