Linda Foster, 73, is so impacted by the rocketing cost of living she sits on the bus for hours just to maintain her warmth. The pensioner, who lives in Skegness, Lincolnshire, now worries about the future. The grandmother said: "In the winter I'll go and lie in bed to watch tele in the afternoon rather than put the heating on. Sometimes I'll go out for the whole day [on the bus]. "I'll get the bus to Boston, Lincoln, Mablethorpe. Lincoln's two hours on the way there and two hours on the way back, so you're spending a lot of the day out. "All the food has gone up tremendously and when you live on a pension you've got to take that into consideration. "It's getting to the point now where you used to be able to move down a level in food, down to the supersavers, but now you're at the bottom level. You can't move down any lower. "I've always been a canny shopper, but I have to be more canny now." Household energy bills increased by 54 per cent in April 2022, reports Lincolnshire Live.  Energy bills are likely to rise significantly again in October. And Linda, who grew up in Carlisle, Cumbria, is concerned the government is doing little to help struggling pensioners and families across the UK. "I'm not only worried about the incoming increase in bills, I'm worried about the state of the government," the mother continued. "How can a government, that are at sixes and sevens, run the country correctly? How can they stop this increase, increase, increase all the time? "I know they are supposed to be giving us money, but then are you borrowing money from other countries? We'll be in a recession before we know where we are. "Then people will start losing their jobs and things will get even worse. So, it is a worrying time." Linda is also considering selling her car, as petrol costs so much, she doesn't see the point of keeping it. She resents that in spite of making a good life for herself, she feels that is being taken away from her. She said: "I lived in a family where there wasn't much money, but I think it's sad that I've managed to pull myself up. "I own this house, I brought my children up properly and I think it's sad I'm going to have to live the way I lived when I was a child when there was no money about for anything. "The way things are, how am I going to afford to give my grandchildren Christmas presents and birthday presents and things like that? I'm already starting to save up for Christmas so I can give them all a present."