Cameron Norrie struggled to contain his emotions on court after coming through a five-set thriller against David Goffin to reach the semi-finals of Wimbledon. Norrie had already broken his Grand Slam duck by progressing past the third round of a major for the first time in his career.  But the Brit is aiming even higher at Wimbledon this year and impressed in the fourth-round win over Tommy Paul with another straight-sets win. That set up a fascinating battle with Goffin, who had come through a five-set thriller of his own in the previous round to beat Frances Tiafoe. The 31-year-old had never got past the quarter-final of a Grand Slam before but it was the Belgian who made the better start against Norrie. The British No 1 was struggling to find any rhythm and his fairytale run looked set to be over when Goffin then went a break up in the second. Norrie immediately bounced back with Court One erupting into cheers with the Brit then breaking once more in the final game of the set to draw level. He still didn't look comfortable against the relentless Goffin though, who continued to hit winner after winner and he soon regained his lead in the third.  Norrie then faced a tall order in keeping his Wimbledon dream alive, having to win the next two sets. Henman Hill was packed with the crowd inside Court One trying to get behind their countryman and that helped him over the line in the fourth to force a decider. The world No 12 had a shaky start to the fifth though with Goffin having a chance to break, but Norrie held and then came his opportunity to take the lead for the first time in the 11th game. Goffin's serve was failing him and Norrie, buoyed by the crowd, was pushing forward with some brilliant shots all over the court. The break came and Norrie was then serving for the match with every point cheered and the Brit held his arms aloft when Goffin fired into the net for the biggest win of his career. Court One erupted into cheer as Norrie began his on-court interview and he began to tear up when looking over at his family in the player's box. "I'm honestly speechless," he said on BBC TV. "I can't even talk. I'm so happy to get through with such a great team, such a great family and friends here." Asked about the impact of the crowd, Norrie said: "It wasn't going my way from the beginning. All credit to David, he was moving me and playing really good, but thanks to you guys I managed to stay as patient as I could. "It was all just adrenaline, using my legs and trying to put the ball in the court, and it's great to get over the line."