Simon Cowell has jetted off to LA for work commitments, but his beloved fiancee Lauren Silverman is remaining in the UK so that she can put the final touches on their house in the Cotswolds. Lauren, 44, and her 62-year-old beau face a race against time to get the renovations finished so that the location of their dream wedding, pencilled in for September, can be their new home. Followers of Britain's Got Talent judge Simon might have expected the location for his first ever wedding to the woman who appears to have finally tamed him to be somewhere exotic. Simon has been well known over the years for his love of lavish Caribbean holidays at idyllic beach locations. However, an insider has suggested that their newly renovated home will be the destination. “They are trying to have the wedding in September, but that’s dependent on whether Lauren can have their new Cotswolds house completed in time, as this is where she wants to hold the wedding," the source claimed. READ NOW: Tom Hanks’ troubled son blamed father’s fame for behaviour The source continued: "This is why Lauren is currently here in the UK while Simon is in LA. "She’s trying to get the house finished. She’s feeling the pressure and is really stressed doing all the work and wedding planning on her own," they added to OK! magazine. "September is not set in stone. If the house isn’t completed they will push the wedding over to next year.” Simon's rep has been approached for comment. Lauren has an older son, Adam, 16, from a previous relationship. She and Simon also have much-loved eight-year-old son Eric to complete their family. Fans were able to see little Eric make an unexpected Britain's Got Talent appearance as a toddler, when he gleefully pressed the red buzzer over and over again. When asked what his father's profession was, the little boy announced proudly: "I'm daddy's job now!" He has begun his role in the family business early too. Simon recently announced that he and Eric are making a seven-title children's book series together for Hachette Children's Group publishers, on the theme of "individuality and positivity". DON'T MISS... David Walliams baffles fans with Wimbledon seats near Kate and William [INSIGHT] Kim Kardashian references Yorkshire market town at Paris Fashion Week [LATEST] Jennifer Lopez showcases sizzling bikini snaps for JLo brand [PHOTOS]  Meanwhile, although Simon might have been known as Mr Nasty during his X Factor reign, he has developed a softer side since meeting Lauren. He admitted to being touched when she suggested that Eric should take the name of his late father. "Even though Lauren had never met my dad, she knew my relationship with him," he revealed. "[She] felt quite passionately that he should be named after my dad. I thought that was sweet," he added to The Mirror. Like Lauren, Simon's father has Jewish roots, and some of his ancestors had migrated to Poland. Simon's father, Eric Phillip Cowell, was also in the music business as a record label director. However he sadly died more than 20 years ago in 1999 - and Lauren feels that their son's name is a touching tribute to him. Whether their dream wedding can go ahead in September now depends on how quickly the house can be completed.