Mr Bremmer explained that Russian President Vladimir Putin was leveraging Russian energy over the West with Cathy Newman. The political scientist discussed the European dependency on Russian energy and Russia playing games with the West by claiming that cannot deliver it due to technical reasons. Mr Bremmer explained that Russia knew that Europeans were trying to diversify away from Russian energy and that Putin was not going to sit by and wait for the West to fully implement such a move. Many Europeans are worrying about winter due to the ongoing energy price increases and a possible lack of supply. Ms Newman said: "The European Commission wanted to cut gas usage by 15%, that seems to be falling apart, what are the implications there?" Mr Bremmer told Channel 4 News: "Well we know that the Europeans are mostly very dependent on Russian energy. "France is the major exception because of their nuclear power, though much of it is offline right now. "And the Russians have already started playing games with how much energy they are prepared to deliver claiming technical reasons why they're not at 100%. Mr Bremmer added: "But we know that's not true, and because the Russians full well understand that the Europeans are attempting to diversify away from Russian energy. "As soon as humanly possible, it's hard to imagine that President Putin is going to sit by and wait for the Europeans to do that. "He's going to use that leverage himself, and the best time for him to do that from his perspective in terms of getting European citizens angry with their present policies and more sympathetic towards the Russian position would be as winter is approaching. JUST IN: EU fear Liz Truss over hated Brexit deal and want ‘globalist Sunak’ as PM     "So that's the big concern with him." Ms Newman said: "But Russia's completely got Europe over a barrel over this, haven't they?" Mr Bremmer added: "I wouldn't say completely, no of course because the fact is the Russian economy is going to contract by 10-15% this year. "Long-term the Russians are in very serious trouble their manufacturing sector is imploding and there's a huge brain drain, around  300.000 Russians with skills have already left the country. "Hardest even coming back, so if anyone is being punished here I want to be very clear, it's Russia. "But for this winter there is a proximate very real economic challenge that the Europeans are all going to be facing, and they're going to be facing it together." READ MORE: Brexit LIVE: Movement lost! Sunak and Truss issued new ultimatum as EU 'revolt on hold'     Many citizens of the West have been facing increased energy bills and higher prices for fuel. Some countries in the West could use loopholes to still obtain Russian energy, despite the widespread condemnation of doing so. As Putin gains profits from such deals, and profits from the Russian energy industry help to fund the ongoing brutal war in Ukraine. Despite many political experts claiming that Russia is playing games with energy supplies, others believe the West need to boycott Russia even more, with tough sanctions on oil and gas. DON’T MISS: ‘EU revolt’ as Spain humiliates Scholz master plan to ration gas over Putin threat[INSIGHT] 'Sad' Fears Meghan and Harry could be 'used by Netflix' to 'promote drama' on royals [REVEAL] Meghan and Harry entering 'second part of transformation' as they cash in on Netflix deal [SPOTLIGHT]    British-American financier Bill Browder called for Western countries to do more in terms of sanctions on Russia. Mr Browder told Express.co.uk: "He gets a billion dollars a day from Germany, Italy and other countries. "And a war costs him a billion dollars a day, and so at the moment, he's not suffering, financially. "We have to make him suffer financially if there's any probability that he then scales back the war."  READ NEXT