The Yorkshire Shepherdess Amanda Owen, 47, sadly announced last month that she and Clive had decided to separate. Reflecting on her time at Ravenseat while appearing on James Martin's Saturday Morning late last year, the Our Yorkshire Farm star delved into the realities of life on the remote farm and detailed a bizarre present she once received from Clive. TV chef James Martin asked Amanda: "So how did you [and Clive] meet? "Because are you a country bumpkin? You're a townie aren't you, really?" "Nope," the Channel 5 star disagreed. "I'm from Huddersfield." "So how did you meet?" James probed as he cooked a ham and cheese dish for the well-known farmer. READ MORE: Gil Birmingham nationality: Where is the Yellowstone star from? "It was all a sheep's fault," Amanda replied, adding: "Most things in life actually are." She recalled: "I actually was milking cows over in Cumbria and I was sent on a mission to go and borrow a tup - you'll know what a tup is." "I know what a tup is, explain to everybody that doesn't," James requested. "It is a male sheep, a ram," Amanda remarked. "So I went to pick up a ram. I took a male sheep, met Clive and that's where it all began." She continued: "That was 1996, but obviously, it's been quite a steep learning curve." Exploring the way in which she had to adjust to Ravenseat, she confessed: "Because then I ended up going to Raveseat and marrying a man who will pretty much present me with half a bullock as a gift!" She went on: "So, you kind of have to go from zero to hero very quickly." DON'T MISS... The Handmaid's Tale season 5 theory: Serena to kill June Osborne [THEORY]Ackley Bridge producer opens up on season 5 challenges [EXCUSIVE]Prince Andrew film 'not good news for Royal Family' warns Ferrari [VIDEO] "What was that like?" James asked. "That transition for you? "Because it must have been a hell of a shock was it, or not? You were in farming anyway but that transition, it's pretty remote in that part of the world." Amanda admitted: "It is very remote. I mean, it's a challenging place at the best of times. "You have to adapt to the ways of the place and it certainly moulds your whole character. I think self-sufficiency has to be one of the key things that you have to get your head around." In June, Amanda took to Twitter to announce to her followers that she and Clive had decided to call it a day on their marriage. She told her 513,000 followers: "Clive and I are sad to confirm that we have made the difficult decision to separate. "This hasn't been easy, but we both believe it's the right choice for the future of our family. "Although we are no longer a couple, we continue to work on the farm and co-parent together, with our number one priority the happiness and well-being of our children. "We would like to thank everyone for their support and would ask that the media please respect our privacy as we work through this difficult time." Our Yorkshire Farm is available to watch on My5, while James Martin's Saturday Morning can be viewed on ITV Hub.