The book is set to be released in 2023. Writing on Twitter, Omid Scobie said: "I can finally share that I'm working on a BRAND NEW BOOK!! So excited to be working again with Carrie Thornton at @deystreet @harpercollins (US) and MsLisaMilton at @hqstories."   This will be Mr Scobie's second book about the royal couple. In 2020, he released Finding Freedom - a book about Meghan and Harry's relationship. Publisher Dey Street said Mr Scobie will focus on "a new chapter of the royal story and feature unique insight, deep access, and exclusive revelations". The publication of the book will follow the release of Prince Harry's own autobiography, set to be released in autumn 2022.  According to publisher Penguin Random House, Harry's memoir will "share, for the very first time, the definitive account of the experiences, adventures, losses and life lessons that have helped shape him". When the book was announced, Prince Harry said: "I’m writing this not as the Prince I was born but as the man I have become. "I've worn many hats over the years, both literally and figuratively, and my hope is that in telling my story — the highs and lows, the mistakes, the lessons learned — I can help show that no matter where we come from, we have more in common than we think." Earlier this month, royal author Tom Bower released a controversial biography of the Sussexes, entitled: "Revenge: Meghan, Harry and the war between the Windsors".   Mr Bower made many explosive claims about the royal couple in his book, which he said he wrote after Meghan and Harry's interview with Oprah Winfrey. He described the relationship between the Sussexes and the Royal Family as "very toxic" since Megxit and their interview with the US talk show host. Speaking on ITV's Lorraine, the author said: "I think they do their best the Windsors, Prince Charles and the Queen, to keep it cool but it's impossible, especially with Harry's memoir about to come out. "But ever since Meghan left Britain then did the Oprah Winfrey interview it's been really poisonous." Harry and Meghan quit royal duties in March 2020 and moved across the pond. The Sussexes are now living in California with their two children Archie and Lilibet. They have only returned to the UK twice as a couple since their departure. Most recently, they flew back for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations, which took place in June.