Carol Vorderman will be returning to Celebrity Gogglebox tonight with broadcaster Gyles Brandreth. The former Countdown star has shared a preview clip from the instalment on her Twitter account in which she is left stunned by Gyles' x-rated admission.  Carol shared a hilarious video clip from the programme with her 484,000 Twitter followers on Friday morning. While she is sitting on a sofa with Gyles she bluntly asks him: "Have you ever tried rough sex?" He replied: "No, to be honest, I have never tried rough sex." "I have never tried any of that," he exclaimed as they were watching a programme about intimacy. READ MORE: Amanda Owen speaks out on new role ‘Jumped at the chance’ A shocked Carol turned to the former MP and added: "Really? "Do you feel like you have missed out in life because you haven't?" However, the 74-year-old replied: "No, my wife said to me, 'We have three children, and now we have discovered what causes it, we can put a stop to it.'" Carol, 61, started laughing at Gyles' tongue-in-cheek response as the clip came to an end.  Carol penned above the video: "Lessons on rough sex from @GylesB1 on @Channel4 @C4Gogglebox tonight at 9pm..... I really love #CelebrityGogglebox join us tonight." (sic) The longtime friends recently opened up about starring on the Channel 4 reality programme together during an appearance on Lorraine. Gyles said: “It’s good because you’re taken out of your comfort zone. "Otherwise I’d only be watching Bargain Hunt and Homes Under the Hammer.” DON'T MISS...Paul Ryder dead: Happy Mondays bassist and Shaun’s brother dies at 57 [UPDATE]Gogglebox’s Georgia Bell proudly announces birth of baby boy and name [INSIGHT]Scarlett Moffatt stuns fans as sister Ava looks unrecognisable in pics [PICTURES]  He added: “I’ll tell you what is really lovely - I would suggest this seriously to people, particularly if you’re living on your own - get a friend over to watch the TV with you. “It’s a really nice way of enjoying an evening or an afternoon.” Reflecting on his friendship with Carol, Gyles explained: “We are very old friends, but I had forgotten how easy it was being together. “It was just fun having a programme to chat about, having the snacks – we must have put on several pounds between us over the past couple of weeks. Snack, snack, snack.”   The pair met 40 years ago while they were both on the Channel 4 game show Countdown. Celebrity Gogglebox is now in its fourth season and Gyles has made appearances on the show since its inception. Carol joined the Celebrity Gogglebox line-up last month from Gyles' home. Celebrity Gogglebox airs on Fridays at 9pm on Channel 4. 