The protester also said it is "historically inevitable" that the Russian President will have to pay for the crimes he has committed in Ukraine. Daniil Chebykin has spent many years protesting against the Putin regime in his home town of Omsk in Siberia. He was the deputy coordinator of Alexey Navalny's headquarters in the city and then went on to found the Omsk Civil Association after authorities closed down Navalny's political organisation. His new movement has been instrumental in disseminating information about what is really happening in Ukraine and in organising peaceful anti-war protests. Mr Chebykin told the Express that Putin made a terrible strategic mistake of invading Ukraine and had no chance of fulfilling his imperialist ambitions. He explained: "I don't think there is a chance for Russia to win in Ukraine under present conditions. "They could claim for propaganda purposes that they have accomplished their goals. "For example, if they seize the whole of Donetsk and Luhansk regions, they will say that was and had always been their war goal. "But it will be only a temporary victory because I am convinced Ukraine will reclaim its independence. "There can be no talk of a final victory for Russia - there is no scenario where Putin can fully seize control of Ukraine and put in his man." Mr Chebykin believes the war was launched by Putin in a futile bid to strengthen his political power in Russia. He argued it was a cynical move to distract the public's attention from ever-increasing social and economic problems caused by the Putin regime. Recent years have seen wages and living standards fall and a continuing growth of corruption and despotism among the ruling elite. Mr Chebykin pointed out that the war had only exacerbated the economic hardships people had been facing and this was leading more and more people to question the political status quo. READ MORE: Orban demands ‘new Ukraine strategy’ from EU as West’s attack on Putin Prices have roughly doubled and people are struggling to buy enough food, with thefts from shops going up by 30 percent in March alone. He said: "When historians look back at these events, I am sure they will write that the war was the last step for Putin - he wanted to strengthen his power, but threw it away instead. "It is his mistake that will sooner or later lead to that outcome. "Putin will have to step down in the near future due to his unpopularity - without a doubt." Russia has been accused of committing war crimes in Ukraine, with evidence mounting daily of atrocities carried out against civilians. DON'T MISS Putin to play 'energy card' to 'destabilise' UK as winter looms [NEWS]Boris hurls grenade as he gives rousing rally to Ukrainian troops [SPOTLIGHT]Putin BREAKS grain export deal after just HOURS  [REVEAL]  Mr Chebykin said that it was "historically inevitable" that Putin and his henchmen would be held accountable for their crimes and that there would be no escape from a final "reckoning". He said: "I am 100 per cent convinced there will be a trial similar to the Nuremberg tribunal - of all the Russian leadership including Putin - as long as he does not commit suicide like Hitler - but it is unlikely that he has the courage to kill himself. "Everyone who committed war crimes will be at that tribunal - those who gave the orders and those who directly carried them out. "Those who facilitated the crimes - maybe they get lesser sentences, but they will have to take their share of the responsibility. "It is historically inevitable - it may take 10 to 15 years, I hope it will be quicker - but history shows us the reckoning will happen."