Arsenal will not entertain the idea of selling William Saliba this summer or loaning the defender out after he made strides with the Gunners on their pre-season tour of the United States. Much has been made of Mikel Arteta's ruthless treatment of the centre-back, who was loaned back to France with Marseille last season and is still technically yet to make a professional appearance for Arsenal following his 2019 switch from Saint-Etienne. Yet now Saliba looks set to play an integral part in north London under Arteta next season as he battles Gabriel Magalhaes and Ben White for a starting berth at the Emirates. Express Sport understands that Arsenal want to tie Saliba down to a new contract with talks already underway with his representatives. Yet according to L'Equipe in France, Marseille feel surprisingly optimistic that they can lure Saliba back to Ligue 1 on a permanent deal following his impressive loan spell. Marseille president Pablo Longoria was in London on Monday night to meet with Saliba's agent over dinner. READ MORE: Arsenal discover Cody Gakpo transfer price with Edu working on 'mystery winger' signing It's thought Longoria outlined his desire to re-sign the Frenchman ahead of the new season, although Arsenal will still have something to say about that. After missing out on Lisandro Martinez, Arsenal cannot afford to weaken the options at central defence as they look to build on last season's disappointing fifth-place finish. Saliba himself had initially been open to the move but he is firmly committed to Arsenal, where he wants to make his mark after a slow start to life in the famous red and white shirt. Manager Arteta recently hinted that Arsenal were preparing to offer the France international a new contract as a reward for his exceptional progress. READ MOREArsenal discover Cody Gakpo transfer price with Edu working on 'mystery winger' signingTaylor's Transfers: Arsenal double exit, Scamacca West Ham medical, Chelsea Broja twistFour Arsenal departures gather pace as Mikel Arteta seeks to finance two signings The Arsenal boss said: “We always have a plan and when we have to execute it, that’s a different story and football is a really funny game. "We are really happy to have him and you can see the way he’s adapted, the way he’s matured and he’s playing well.” Last season's Ligue 1 Young Player of the Year also received further glowing praise from Arteta when the Spaniard was assessing the defender's progressive pre-season. “I am really pleased to see the way he is playing,” Arteta said. “The way he has adapted to the team, the maturity that he's shown at 21 years old, carry on doing it. “We will keep developing him, he has huge potential, he is already a top player and we have to make him even better.” The message is loud and clear; Arsenal do not want to sell Saliba and will not even entertain the idea of letting him go. Barcelona have also been credited with interest as they view Saliba as a potential alternative to Jules Kounde, although a deal for the Sevilla centre-back is seemingly imminent.