The Big Bang Theory’s Kaley Cuoco leads the exciting mystery drama, which recently wrapped up its second season on HBO Max. The Flight Attendant star admitted she’s unsure if she’d want to come back for season three, but the network’s head has now revealed his desire for the series to eventually continue. HBO Chief Content Officer Casey Bloys has confirmed the door is still open for Cassie Bowden (played by Cuoco) to return to screens. The stewardess and CIA asset returned for another gripping adventure this April, with no signs of taking off again just yet. However, Casey has now assured fans the network is open to a third instalment if showrunner Steve Yockey has a strong enough idea. “That will be again, up to the producers,” he explained. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Jamie Tate returns as Gabby loses custody of Thomas “In season one, remember, it was a limited series and they had an idea for season two that I thought they executed brilliantly." He told Deadline: “If they come to us and say we have this great idea for season three, we should be so lucky.” Cassie’s first mile-high mystery was originally thought to be a one-and-done series, but viewers were thrilled to see the story continue. In season two, the attendant returns under the employ of the CIA, this time getting wrapped up in another gripping case when she stumbles across her doppelganger. While The Flight Attendant’s sophomore effort still proved popular amongst HBO viewers, Kaley is keen to move on to her next projects. She recently said to People: “It’s going to take a lot of thought to make sure if we go back that it’s better than the last two, which is very hard to do. “There’s definitely interest in doing a third season. I think for me, at this moment, the plane has landed.” As the actress already has a number of roles in the pipeline, a third season of The Flight Attendant could take several years to surface, if it happens at all. DON'T MISS:Yellowstone fans outraged as cast missing from Emmy noms [REACTION]Susanna Reid announces break from Good Morning Britain [LATEST]NCIS Hawaii season 2 theory: Whistler and Tara split sealed [THEORY] Even so, Kaley is still open to reprising her role as Cassie eventually, and suggested the third season would focus more on her struggles with sobriety. Meanwhile, Casey is still waiting on the official word from Mike White on whether his surprise hit The White Lotus will continue for a third season. “The show is a lot for Mike,” he explained. “Obviously, he went from Hawaii to Italy, and so he would have to think about where does he want to go? “Most showrunners I find… nobody’s doing a show just to do it. They really have to be motivated by a story that they feel like they’ve got to tell, they’ve got to get out of them. “Mike is no different. If he has a story or a theme that he wants to explore for a third season, obviously, we would be thrilled to have that conversation with him.” The White Lotus is currently in production on season two with a completely new cast, including Aubrey Plaza, Tom Hollander and F Murray Abraham. The Flight Attendant is currently caught in a similar situation, as any third season would have to match or surpass the quality of the first two outings. Even if Kaley opts not to return as Cassie, she still has plenty more projects in the works for her fans to look forward to. The Flight Attendant seasons 1-2 are available to stream on HBO Max in the USA and Sky Go in the UK.