Experience is clearly not worshipped any more and you do not even have to have held Government office to join the stakes. Why have the big beasts of politics skipped a generation – apart, of course, from Boris? All this put temptation in my way. Why not join the lists even though I have not been a member of a political party since 1967, let alone a Tory MP? After alI, I spent 24 years working for governments and 11 years in No 10. So I wrote a personal manifesto. You are entitled to know what you are missing at the hustings, so here it is: MY 12-POINT MANIFESTO. 1 - I reckon there is nothing wrong with the UK that greater discipline, more personal responsibility, a stronger sense of public duty and application cannot cure. My programme has to be judged by its consistency with those principles.2 – Our freedom is under threat. The totalitarian Communist bloc seeks to dominate the world and the Ukraine underlines the menace. We - and our European allies in NATO – must strengthen our depleted defences. This means that I shall be looking for savings in every cranny of our national life.3 – We cannot recover the £400bn cost of the covid pandemic while meeting the threat to freedom from Moscow and Peking without pain. We must therefore phase the re-balancing of our yawning budget deficit over a longer term. I aim to cut it by 15 per cent per year without damaging necessary increases in spending.4 – The route forward is to contain inflation and promote growth. This requires a critical examination of all recent tax increases and other imposts. They may cut the deficit but give a twist to inflation and inhibit growth. In line with a longer term approach to cutting the budget deficit, I would aim to reduce or eliminate all tax increases that handicap businesses, workers and entrepreneurial flair. 5 – We cannot strengthen our economy if our lifeblood – energy supply – is insecure. The priority must be to achieve security at lowest possible cost and in the least polluting way. I would retain the zero-carbon target by 2050. A lot can happen in 30 years. But for the foreseeable future we need to exploit our own resources - North Sea oil and gas, fracking and coking coal in Cumbria while extending gas storage and developing nuclear power. My policy also requires a reduction in subsidies to unreliable “renewables”. Let Sri Lanka be a warning about the dangers of blind environmentalism.  6 – Controlled immigration may theoretically help the economy but we are currently swamped by illegal immigrants, aided by unscrupulous lawyers who ignore their illegality. We cannot rely on the French to stem the tide so I would order our Border Force to seal our approaches and escort all illegal Channel crossers safely back to French waters.7 – Immigration has caused a housing crisis, We need to build more family homes, not flats, and I would appeal to every community to identify sites for at least five houses in their district as well as brownfield building.8 – We cannot repair the NHS, social care, education and the forces of law and order without economic growth. But we can eliminate over-manning, bureaucracy and nannying. There is not much point in ridding ourselves of the millstone of EU regulations – as we must – if we allow obstacles to efficiency to flourish in our public services.9 – It is clear that the unions – especially in the public sector – intend to be a millstone, too. Accordingly, I would outlaw strikes in defined public services, subject to new machinery for resolving disputes, and obstructing free passage on road and footpaths. Extinction Rebellion please note. 10 – Every Government department will be expected to cull its bloated numbers, including the quangocracy, by at least 10 percent, with those who insist on working from home (WFH) first in line for redundancy. WFH plainly does not work for the consumer who is paying for an unreliable service.11 – All teachers, from primary school to university, will be made liable to end their careers where it can be shown they are indoctrinating rather than educating. Institutions will find their grants cut if they “cancel” or otherwise interfere with freedom of thought and expression.  Similarly, Chief Constables will be told their jobs depend on getting a grip on crime.12 – My aim is also to defend the integrity of the UK. Nationalists will face serious interrogation about the viability of their plans for independence. And the EU will be stopped from colonizing Northern Ireland. They must be taught the meaning of sovereignty.Summary: my aim is to deliver a tougher, more self-reliant UK that concentrates on priorities. We have had enough of self-indulgence. I am not in the business of soft options.