Since the strikes began last Wednesday, there has been no breakthrough in a dispute between Arriva, and the Unite and GMB unions. During each day of the industrial action, there will be no Arriva bus services operating anywhere within Merseyside. Arriva says it believes it has offered a fair pay rise of 8.5%, but the UNITE union said the issues have "fermented" over a long period of time for workers. The Liverpool Echo headed down to the St Helens picket line on Jackson Street to catch up with striking drivers and union members. Strikers gathered outside the St Helens Arriva depot, where they say they have received a mostly positive response from passers-by. Mum-of-four Kirsty Mower told the Echo: “We’re having to live within our means, I’ve got four kids and I’m struggling to take home a wage to support them. It will end up with drivers relying on food banks if something doesn’t happen." Amid frustration from passengers who have been left "stranded" by the strikes, driver Shaun O'Donnell says he sympathises with their struggle.  He said: "We empathise with the people who are frustrated we really do, because they’re struggling and want the cheapest option to travel but they’re frustrated because they rely on us. If so many people rely on us we should get a fair wage." St Helens union's vice chair, Stewart Marsh said: "Arriva is saying we have been offered 8.5% but this is over two six months spells. “The real offer from Arriva is for a 5% rise until October, and then another 3.5% from then." A spokesperson for Arriva said: "We are disappointed for all our customers to confirm that the strike will be continuing with no date yet for services being resumed. We remain committed to getting our drivers back to work and buses back on the road as soon as possible. We once again ask the union to call off the action and let our people vote on the latest 8.5% pay offer."  After reading about the strikes, readers were keen to share their thoughts on the Echo's website. As one reader wrote:  "There's nothing pleasant about going on strike. It's the very last thing you can do. All those that want to ban the ability to strike don't realise what unions of the past have achieved like sick pay and leave." Another added: "Solidarity with the workers, Arriva are coining it in and can well afford a decent pay rise for its staff and not siphoned off to shareholders. Up the workers." However, some were less sympathetic to the cause, and were keen to highlight the impact the strikes have had on the wider community. One user wrote: "Spare a thought for the people on min wage or 0-hour contracts that have to walk miles to work or pay for taxis. Spoke to a lad yesterday that has no train station or stagecoach service running near him so he’s had to pay for taxis that have impacted his min wage he picks up."