Nationwide Building Society is also launching a new issue of its One Year Triple Access Online ISA paying an increased rate of 1.35 percent for 12 months. Both accounts allow three withdrawals during the 12-month term and automatically switch to one of Nationwide’s instant access accounts after one year.  It's good news for savers who are now starting to see high street banks and building societes increase savings rates. It follows the Bank of England increasing the base rate for five consecutive months since December. Tom Riley, Director of Banking and Savings at Nationwide Building Society, said: “Our Triple Access Online Saver and ISA accounts pay some of the highest rates on the market and will appeal to those wanting to save with a well-known high-street brand that they trust. "At the same time, we are also increasing rates on our fixed rate bonds offering competitive rates for those who want to lock their money away for a period of time.” READ MORE: DWP scam warning: Don’t get caught out by cost of living scams Nationwide raised the introductory credit interest rate on its FlexDirect current account to five percent in June. It means its customers will be up to £200 better off after one year. Nationwide’s FlexDirect customers can also benefit from £125 in free cash for switching their current account. Existing members who switch their current account to the building society will get £125, while new customers will receive £100. DON'T MISS:State pension rise slammed: 'Protection of pensioners is crazy' [UPDATE]Heat pump tumble dryer 'will save you £104 per year' [INSIGHT]WASPI women in new state pension compensation warning [WARNING]Inheritance tax: 11 ways to slash IHT bills as families pay more [ALERT]   The current top five bank accounts for switching offers are: HSBC £170First Direct £150Lloyds Bank £125Nationwide £100Virgin Money 20,000 points. READ MORE: Bank increases interest rate on savings to 2.75% offer - 'Excellent'  Debbie Crosbie, the building society’s chief executive, said she hoped the increases would help people survive the cost of living crisis. “This market leading rate will help new and existing members make the most of their money, which is particularly important right now. “The FlexDirect current account also has an introductory interest-free overdraft to give some peace of mind to those struggling financially and freeing them to focus on repaying other debts.”   Nationwide is also launching new issues of its one and two-year fixed rate ISAs, Bonds and Online Bonds. The new rates are: One Year Fixed Rate ISA – 2.00 percent AEROne Year Fixed Rate Bond/Online Bond – 2.00 percent AERTwo Year Fixed Rate ISA – 2.25 percent AERTwo Year Fixed Rate Bond/Online Bond – 2.25 percent AER 