Hot weather can cause stress to the garden, including the lawn. Gardeners may need to water their lawns more and mow less often. To help protect it, an expert has shared top tips on steps gardeners can take to look after their grass without reaching for the hose time and time again. Chris Bonnett, founder of GardeningExpress, said: “Everyone wants gorgeous green grass this summer, especially if you’re entertaining. “The lawn is an important part of the garden and when it’s taken care of, tidy and green, it can automatically make the garden appear neater and more presentable. “There are a few routine things you can do to keep your grass looking healthy and bright like adding fertiliser, leaving grass clippings and top dressing. “If you do all these things consistently, you’ll notice change in your lawn.” READ MORE: Japanese knotweed: Family receives payout after plant found Fertiliser: Gardeners should fertilise their lawns a few times throughout the year. This includes at the beginning of spring, once in the summer and once in the early autumn. Chris said: “Mow your lawn and lay down your fertiliser with a spreader which will ensure you have an even coverage. Leave this to settle in the grass for around 24 hours then give it a light water. “After that, avoid watering the grass for a few days so that the fertiliser can do its job. Once you’ve done this you can get back to watering your grass as normal.” DON'T MISS:Heatwave: How to prevent house and garden fires [WARNING]Ozzy Osbourne’s quiet life in peaceful Buckinghamshire village [INSIGHT]Homes Under the Hammer transforms ‘uninhabitable’ flat [PICTURES] Top dressing: Top dressing can be done a couple of weeks after using a fertiliser. Chris said this is good for those who are “really” keen for their grass to grow. He added: “Mix together materials like sand, soil loam and peat and apply this to your dry grass. “The materials will transfer nutrients back into the soil and promote growth.” READ MORE: Pests: ‘Simple steps’ to ‘deter’ wasps away from your home Use grass clippings: The expert said: “Similar to top dressing, an easy way to promote grass growth is to leave the remaining grass clippings on your grass after mowing. “This way, the clippings decompose and transform healthy nutrients that promote growth back into the soil, keeping your grass healthy.” Leave the lawn long: Cutting the grass too short can actually do more harm than good during the summer months. Shorter grass means less photosynthesis, which means less growth. Chris continued: “Really, you want to keep your grass two to three inches long.” Some gardeners may also choose to leave areas of their grass wild for insects.  Aerate the lawn: The gardening expert explained: “Aeration is creating small holes in your lawn to allow it to breathe and allow air and nutrients to access the roots. “It’s also important to avoid a build up of thatch. “However you must ensure that you do this in correct weather conditions, it shouldn’t be too dry or too wet. “Simply dig a garden fork into different sections of the grass or you can purchase a lawn aerator, either is fine.” Overseeding Sometimes areas of the lawn can go bare and patchy during the summer months. To help get it back to its healthy state, Chris recommended overseeing. He said: “This is a great way to sow new seed over existing lawn and can lead to fuller looking grass.” Water the lawn: Finally, the expert, said gardeners should water their lawns for longer and less often, especially when the weather is so hot. Chris explained: “Instead of watering your grass everyday for short periods of time, try and give your grass a longer and deeper water a few times a week in order to penetrate right down to the roots. Leaving it for a couple of days will give the grass plenty of time to soak it up before the next watering.”