Chelsea have launched a stunning hijack for Bayern Munich striker Robert Lewandowski as his dream switch to Barcelona continues to stall. The Blues and Paris Saint-Germain have entered the race for Lewandowski's services as Thomas Tuchel plots an attacking revamp at Stamford Bridge. With Bayern now acceptant of the situation and willing to let the 33-year-old leave this summer, Europe's top clubs have been put on red alert. And as Barcelona's pursuit falters due to financial constraints, Lewandowski is considering approaches from Chelsea and PSG, The Independent report. The La Liga giants remain Lewandowski's first-choice destination as he eyes a new challenge in his stellar career. However, Bayern's demand to receive the entirety of his £42million (€50m) fee upfront is currently proving too challenging a hurdle to leap over amid financial turmoil at Camp Nou. Thomas Tuchel doesn't view a new striker as a summer priority. However, Chelsea owner Todd Boehly is ready to pounce if an opportunity arises, as he did with Cristiano Ronaldo in recent talks with Jorge Mendes. The ball is still firmly in Barcelona's court, but a blockbuster Premier League switch could be on the cards if they can't meet Bayern's asking price. JUST IN: Man Utd chiefs Arnold and Murtough spotted in Barcelona for De Jong Tuchel could revolutionise his front line this summer after already sanctioning Romelu Lukaku's surprise exit, returning to Inter Milan just one year after re-joining Chelsea for £97.5m. The Blues are also set to confirm their first signing of the Boehly era imminently after agreeing a £50m deal to sign Manchester City's Raheem Sterling. Hakim Ziyech, Christian Pulisic and Timo Werner's futures remain uncertain, and Lewandowski's arrival would further plunge the trio's statuses into doubt. Boehly is expected to back Tuchel with as many as six new faces this summer, including two forwards and two centre-backs, as Chelsea aim to improve on a disappointing 2021/22 campaign. READ MORE: Chelsea chiefs ‘identify N’Golo Kante replacement’ amid Arsenal links  Lewandowski has cemented his status as one of football's greatest-ever strikers, and his Premier League arrival would make for hair-raising viewing. The prospect of the towering Pole teaming up with Kylian Mbappe and Lionel Messi in Paris is just as mouth-watering, though, and PSG would prove tough competitors in a potential transfer battle. Barcelona have seemingly prioritised Leeds United winger Raphinha as their first attacking signing of the summer transfer window, indicating they're willing to pay in excess of £60m to secure his signature. Whether they will have the financial means to recruit Lewandowski on top without funds raised by player sales remains to be seen.