BBC Breakfast presenters Naga Munchetty and Charlie Stayt welcomed former Great British Bake Off contestant Makbul Patel to Friday's instalment of the news programme as they revealed the Channel 4 series has been turned into a musical. Makbul had baked the presenters a coffee and almond gateau as well as a courgette and red onion quiche for them to tuck into. However, Naga ended up scolding Charlie as he continued to mock Bake Off judge Paul Hollywood. Charlie told viewers: "When Paul Hollywood [slices food] he goes in with real gusto, it looks like he attacks the bake doesn't he?"Have we got a close-up here? I am going to try and do it how he does."As Charlie was fiercely cutting into the quiche Naga snapped: "You don't stab it! What are you doing?" READ MORE: Better Call Saul fans ‘work out’ reason Gene is missing from season 6 Charlie insisted Paul "hammers away" at the contestants' bakes on the Channel 4 programme. Makbul, who was looking on in horror as Charlie was cutting his quiche, exclaimed: "You are giving me heart palpations, can you not do that, it's precious." "I'm only joking," the former Bake Off star giggled as Charlie looked on at him confused. "You were a bit brutal there," he warned Charlie.  Naga, who was keen to get the interview back on track, asked Makbul about his experience on the cooking programme. He explained how he had to be trained how to talk through every stage of his recipes for the Bake Off. As they were discussing the show, Charlie revealed a particular element he did not like. "One thing I am not keen on is I don't really like the close-ups of people eating," the BBC presenter stressed. DON'T MISS...Naga Munchetty admits Carol Kirkwood 'gets loads of flak' over errors [VIDEO]Naga Munchetty replaced on BBC as host urged to 'call' presenter  [UPDATE]'Feel safe here' Naga Munchetty quit London with husband [LATEST] "I have never been very fond of people eating." He advised viewers who felt the same to look away as he tucked into the quiche live on-air. As the cameras zoomed in on Charlie chewing, he frowned at the crew and appeared uncomfortable. Meanwhile, Naga tried the gateau and said she had read an article on Friday morning that suggested food tastes better if people eat with a large mouthful.  Naga quipped: "Do you think Charlie eats elegantly Makbul?" The diplomatic baker told the BBC hosts they were both very neat eaters as they praised his cooking. "This is fantastic, it is really good," Naga gushed as she carried on eating. BBC Breakfast continues daily on BBC One from 6am. 