EastEnders' Karen Taylor (played by Lorraine Stanley) and Mitch Baker (Roger Griffiths) have welcomed two new members into the family fold after the death of Mitch’s estranged brother Avery Baker (Omar Lye-Fook). Felix Baker (Matthew Morrison) and Finlay Baker (Ashley Byam) are settling into life on the square but as they struggle with their new home will Karen turn to someone outside the family for support? In next week’s episodes, the Taylors prepare for a special night in Avery’s honour. Finlay and Felix are asked to do the shopping for their father’s ‘Nine Night’. Felix spots Kim Fox (Tameka Empson) and gives her the lipstick they were discussing previously. However, he panics when he realises the money for the shopping has gone missing. He remembers the money was in the bag with the lipstick and chases after Kim. Read more: EastEnders theory: Beloved stalwart's tragic death sealed But, it’s too late as Kim has already thrown the bag away without realising there was anything else inside. The brothers look through the bins for the bag but are at a loss to find it. Eventually, they give up and head back to the Taylor’s without any of the items needed for the big night. Mitch makes a toast to his brother as the family gets ready to celebrate his life. Felix and Finlay are forced to come clean to Karen and admit they’ve lost her money. EastEnders fans will remember Karen was thrown into turmoil in recent months as the family struggled to make ends meet. Financial strain was the sole motivation behind Bernadette Taylor’s (Clair Norris) decision to be a surrogate. The family still find a way to enjoy the night and reminisce about Avery. However, the next morning the family’s attention returns to the money when Karen realises they can’t afford to take Mia Atkins to a theme park for her birthday. DON'T MISSEastEnders: Why Albert Square is far riskier home than Ramsay Street [INSIGHT]EastEnders theory: Beloved stalwart's tragic death sealed [SPOILER]EastEnders theory: Alfie Moon crashes Kat and Phil's wedding [THEORY] Mia is noticeably upset and the Baker brothers are racked with guilt. Finlay comes up with an idea but will it be enough to help save Mia’s birthday? Karen and Mitch reunited in EastEnders after an emotional few months that saw their daughter’s killer be sent to prison. The couple were also faced with saying goodbye to their son Keegan Baker (Zack Morris) who decided it was time to fly the nest for good. Although Karen was the one who encouraged Mitch to welcome his nephews into the family fold, the strain may prove too much for her. The grieving grandmother has been determined to give Mia and Mackenzie Atkins the best future she possibly can after losing Chantelle Atkins (Jessica Plummer). Mia being upset over her ruined birthday plans could lead Karen to turn to someone else for support as she wouldn’t want to worry Mitch while he grieves for his brother. Will she seek solace in former flame Billy Mitchell (Perry Fenwick) as the Taylor-Baker clan continue to navigate their new family set-up? EastEnders airs on BBC One from Monday to Thursday at 7.30pm.