Stacey Solomon, 32, and Joe Swash, 40, have been in the full throes of wedding preparation as they count down the days to the ceremony next weekend. The Loose Women panellist has documented her wedding prep to her loyal fans and revealed that Joe surprised her with a new engagement ring in the lead up to the big day. When Joe proposed on Christmas Eve in 2020, he presented Stacey with a stunning silver ring featuring a large diamond surrounded by smaller diamonds.The ring also included two Australian opals as a nod to Stacey’s birthstone and where they fell in love after Stacey won I’m A Celebrity...Get Me Out Of Here!On Friday, Stacey showed fans her brand-new engagement ring which featured a gold band and a large diamond with the smaller stones placed inside.Stacey said that Joe got the ring changed because she “wears gold more than silver” and the new style is “daintier for her fingers”. READ MORE:Meghan and Harry's appearance 'paint a thousand words' claims host Showing off her new jewellery to her 5.3million followers, Stacey said: “So many of you are saying, ‘Show us the ring and the before and after!’  “But I don’t actually have a before because I didn’t know he was going to do it.“It is exactly the same except instead of having the stones around the big stone, the little stones are now sort of inside. “It makes it a little bit smaller, which I love. And I have still got my opals inside for my birthstone as well.” Stacey then informed her fans that she was meeting the Rabbi and joked that she couldn’t “remember what she is supposed to do”.The former X Factor star has spent the best part of a week dyeing her red locks back to blonde for her big day.After a lengthy colouring process, Stacey said she “loves” the stunning caramel blonde result and admitted she now “feels like” herself.On why she wanted to go back blonde, Stacey told her followers: “I am dyeing my hair for my wedding because I really want to look like me. DON'T MISSCarol Kirkwood broke down in tears on BBC amid split from husband[LATEST]Lorraine offers support to Kate Garraway as Derek's health takes turn[NEWS]Monty Don addresses Gardeners' World shake-up after change[INSIGHT] “I know this is me but when I think of myself, I think of my normal, natural hair colour from when I was younger.“It is like a mousy blonde and I really want that for my wedding so I can look back and I'm like, ‘Oh yeah, that’s me’.” Stacey and Joe are getting married next weekend at their Essex mansion.Over the last couple of months, Stacey has been busy decorating Pickle Cottage with floral displays, signs and a huge outdoor walkway under a canopy of trees. Stacey chose her wedding dress back in April and hinted that it will be a sparkly gown with a veil.She penned on Instagram after trying on a variety of dresses: “I loved every single second of today, trying them on, imagining seeing Joe for the first time, feeling the veil on my shoulders and seeing the glitter sparkle as I moved around."The big day is set to be a celebrity affair as it is understood that Loose Women stars Ruth Langsford, Linda Robson and Nadia Sawalha are on the guest list, as well as cleaning queen Sophie (Mrs Hinch) Hinchcliffe.