July is a great month to maintain the garden and help it flourish even further. It is also a great time to plant last minute fruits such as strawberries and cherries. Chris Bonnett, founder of GardeningExpress.co.uk, said: “It’s officially summer and whilst you’re enjoying spending time outdoors, there are also a few things you can be doing to your garden to ensure that it remains in tip top shape. “The typical British summer is a bit unpredictable which is why it’s important to keep an eye on the weather so you can have an appropriate watering schedule for both your plants and grass. “It’s also a good time to grow last minute fruits like strawberries. “These take around four to six weeks before they’re ready to harvest so if you plant them now, you can still enjoy them before summer comes to an end in September.” To help the garden flourish, the expert recommended gardeners keep watering their plants. READ MORE: 'Go straight for the source' 7 ways to get rid of an ants nest at home However, if it rains, gardeners should adjust their watering schedule accordingly. Chris said: “It’s important to keep your plants hydrated during warm weather. “However, you also want to avoid overwatering them which could lead to long-term damage.” Keeping on top of watering plants can be hard during the summer months, especially if going on holiday. DON'T MISS:How to stop house flies from causing ‘havoc’ in your home [COMMENT]Use newspaper to ‘stop weed growth’ completely - ‘cheap and effective’ [INSIGHT]Kettles: Limescale can make bills ‘higher’ - cheapest way to clean [EXPLAINER] If this is the case, the gardening expert recommended asking a neighbour, friend or family member to water the plants. July also isn’t too late to plant some colourful summer fruits such as strawberries, raspberries and cherries. Chris added: “They’ll add some colour and make your garden look extra summery. “If planted now, you’ll be able to enjoy these sweet fruits before the summer ends.” READ MORE: I cleaned my greasy air fryer using Mrs Hinch fans’ £1 cleaning tip Hanging baskets also need extra care during the summer and shouldn’t be neglected. If they’re looking untidy, the expert recommended cutting them back. Chris said: “Not only will this neaten up the display, but it will also encourage new growth. “Just ensure you give it a good water after.” Gardeners should also continue to look after their lawns, giving it a little water if needed. Once a week should be ample, but this is dependent on the weather. Chris recommended watering the lawn in the mornings when the weather is cooler. He added: “In hotter conditions you may want to increase this.” For those with greenhouses, it is important to open it up and allow some air into it if the weather gets really warm. The gardening expert explained: “If you don’t do this, you run the risk of overheating any plants or crops that sit in the greenhouse. “If you find it’s still too warm, you can purchase some blinds or a shade to keep some of the sun out.” According to Chris, weeds will continue to grow in July. If gardeners haven’t managed to get hold of them, now is the perfect time to do so. Popular methods of removal include digging them up, mulching and covering them with boiling water. Gardeners should also watch out for aphids at this time of year. If they are present on plants, they need to be sprayed with insecticide to stop them from multiplying. Chris said they can also be rubbed off with soapy water.