Prince Andrew currently lives in Royal Lodge in Windsor, which his ex-wife Sarah Ferguson also resides in when she is in the UK. But where did the couple live before? Sunninghill Park was the former royal mansion of Prince Andrew.  The Berkshire property was built in 1986 after he married Sarah Ferguson. What did the property look like inside? The property was a 12-bedroom, 12-bathroom two-story building with six reception rooms. However, it has been compared to a Tesco supermarket over the years.  READ MORE: Meghan and Harry to spend 'exciting and magical' summer with kids Inside the home was complete with a gym, a games room and a library. Andrew and Sarah spent a large amount of time raising their two children there, Princesses Beatrice and Eugenie. In ‘The Royal Wives of Windsor’, a documentary released in 2018, royal commentators discussed Sunninghill and the critics' perception of the home back in the 1980s. Penny Junor, a royal biographer, said: “Andrew and Fergie built themselves a very grand house called Sunninghill.  “The press quite rightly said it looked like a Tesco. “They called it South York after the Dallas programme and I think it all went downhill from there.” Royal author Andrew Morton then added: “The irony of the Duke and Duchess of York’s place Sunninghill was it was the first example of a royal building in the reign of Queen Elizabeth II.” Prince Andrew and Sarah lived in the mansion until 2004, despite filing for divorce in 1996. READ MORE: Kate Middleton stays slim with 'most wallet-friendly' exercise The Duchess of York continued to live in the residence with her daughters, Beatrice and Eugenie until it was sold in 2007. Despite being on the market for around five years, the residence raised eyebrows when it was sold for £15million. This was £3million over the asking price. The Kazakh oligarch Timur Kulibayev became the new owner at the time. But after his purchase, the home remained empty for many years and eventually became overrun with hundreds of bats.  Bracknell Forest Borough Council intended to repossess the residence and use it as a homeless shelter. But Mr Kulibayev got planning permission for the once-royal mansion to be demolished. The reimagined royal residence is now "a modern interpretation of a country house," according to the building’s planning documents. It reportedly includes a sun deck, a fountain, tennis courts as well as a four-vehicle garage. 