Celebrity Masterchef will be airing on the BBC soon and it will feature a star-studded line-up of guests. From comedy legends to world champions in sport, each of the stars will have a lot to prove as they battle for the 2022 title. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about who will be competing this year. TV presenter and actor Adam Pearson will be trying to impress judges John Torode and Gregg Wallace. The 37-year-old campaigner starred in the 2013 film Under the Skin. He is known for his work with outreach programmes supporting people with neurofibromatosis. The star went on to feature in Rodentia and Tricks of the Restaurant Trade.  Chris Eubank is a former professional boxer and middleweight and super-middleweight champion. The 55-year-old is already known and loved for his appearances on Celebrity Gogglebox. The star has also featured on Piers Morgan's Life Stories and I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! With this in mind, he has plenty of experience when it comes to facing pressure.  Kirsty Gallacher is a TV presenter and model who began her career at Sky Sports News. More recently she became one of the faces of GB News, hosting The Great British Breakfast. She is the daughter of Bernard Gallacher, a professional golfer. The star has tried her hand at some TV competitions before, including Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?  Nancy Dell'Olio is an Italian-American lawyer and media star. She came into the spotlight as the girlfriend of football manager Sven-Göran Eriksson. In September 2011, she took part in the ninth series of Strictly Come Dancing with Anton Du Beke. Fans may also recognise her from appearing on Celebrity Big Brother. READ MORE: Outlander: Jamie Fraser actor pays tribute to ‘brilliant’ co-star Clarke Peters is a 70-year-old American actor, writer and director. He is best known for his roles as Lester Freamon in The Wire and Albert Lambreaux in Treme. The father-of-five splits his time between Baltimore and London.  Cliff Parisi, 62, is an actor best known for playing Minty Peterson in EastEnders. He is currently starring as Fred Buckle in the BBC historical drama, Call the Midwife. The father-of-four has a huge list of credits to his name, including Plebs, All Those Small Things and Pie in the Sky. He is in a relationship with BBC producer Tara Wyer.  Kitty Scott-Claus is known for appearing on the third series of RuPaul's Drag Race UK. The drag star has become one of the best-known performers in London. She is a member of the girl group Gals Aloud, along with series one contestant Cheryl Hole. Kitty went on to feature on Pointless Celebrities and Death Drop.  Paul Elliot, better known as Paul Chuckle, forms one half of the comedy duo The Chuckle Brothers. The 74-year-old appeared on TV in ChuckleVision from 1987 until 2009. His brother Barry died in August 2018 after battling bone cancer. Paul went on to star in The Madame Blanc Mysteries, Doctors and Benidorm. Danny Jones, 36, is a songwriter and musician known for being a part of the band McFly. The star is married to former Miss England, Georgia Horsley. They have a son, Cooper, who was born in January 2018. Danny is known for his appearances on I Can See Your Voice and The Voice Kids UK.  Faye found fame after appearing on Love Island in the show's seventh season. The social media star from Devon finished in third place with Teddy Soares. She has more than a million followers on Instagram and on the platform, she describes herself as a campaign star for Guide Dogs UK.  Reality star MoJo rose to fame after her role in Joe Millionaire. Melissa Jo Hunter went on to appear on the Price is Right, Matchmaker, Let's Make a Deal and more.  Lesley Joseph is an English actress and broadcaster known for playing Dorien Green in Birds of a Feather. The 76-year-old also starred in Absurd Person Singular and Night and Day. The star is also known for her stage roles in Calendar Girls and Annie. DON'T MISS... McEnroe emotional over 'BBC's own Federer' at Barker's final Wimbledon [VIDEO]  Ingrid Bergman on working with ‘tough’ Casablanca co-star [INTERVIEW] Sue Barker in high spirits in final farewell at Wimbledon men's final [INSIGHT] Gareth Malone is a choirmaster and broadcaster known for his appearance on the TV show The Choir. The 46-year-old will be the one to beat as earlier this year he won his episode of The Great Celebrity Bake Off for Stand Up to Cancer. Fans may also recognise him from Pitch Battle and The Choir: Singing for Britain.  Lisa Snowdon is a TV and radio presenter and fashion model. She is known for presenting Britain's Next Top Model from 2006 until 2009. Radio listeners will recognise her for presenting Capital Breakfast.  Richard Blackwood is an actor, presenter and rapper best known for playing Vincent Hubbard in EastEnders. His other TV credits include Hollyoaks and Dancing on Ice. In 2000 he released a studio album called You'll Love to Hate This and released three singles in the same year.  Jimmy Bullard is a former footballer and coach who has appeared on a number of TV shows. He co-hosts Sky Sports show Soccer AM and as a player he was a midfielder. Jimmy retired from football in 2012 before starting his managerial career in 2016. Outside of football he released an autobiography, Bend It Like Bullard. Kae Kurd is a stand-up comedian and writer who performed at the Edinburgh Festival Fringe in 2017. He is known for being the only professional stand-up comedian in the UK from a Kurdish background. The star has featured as a guest on the BBC Asian Network and has written for different news and politics titles.  Mel Blatt is a singer known for being a member of the girl group All Saints. The 47-year-old rose to fame in 1997 with the hits Never Ever and Bootie Call. She went on to be a solo artist, taking part in two reunions with her former bandmates. The star has a daughter, Lilyella, who was born in 1998.  Ryan Thomas is a former actor known for playing Jason Grimshaw in Coronation Street. The soap star went on to feature in Neighbours and Celebrity Big Brother. The 38-year-old is engaged to former TOWIE star Lucy Mecklenburgh.  Katya Jones is a Russian dancer and choreographer known for being a professional on Strictly Come Dancing. The 33-year-old was part of the first same-sex couple to compete in the competition, along with boxer Nicola Adams. She started dancing when she was six years old, specialising in gymnastics and Ballroom and Latin styles.  Celebrity MasterChef returns to BBC One this summer.