Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall is turning 75 this Sunday, July 17. The Duchess is appearing in a new documentary tonight titled ‘Camilla’s Country Life’ on ITV. A promo clip of the documentary has been released in advance of the programme airing.  It showed Camilla in her role as Guest Editor of Country Life magazine. Body language expert Judi James spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to analyse the Duchess in the short 30-second clip. She said: “Some 40 years after being dubbed the UK’s Scarlet Woman, Camilla is now being pitched in pastels and florals with baroque violins as her soundtrack and visuals that look borrowed from shows like Bake Off and Antiques Roadshow. “Paul O’Grady tells us in a state of shock and awe that she can ‘talk to anyone’. “This smiling, rather charming version of Camilla is clearly the one where she is seen to come out into her own as a rather jolly, self-effacing country lady,” Judi claimed. What gestures does Camilla use to build rapport? Judi suggested: “Her pointing as she speaks to the older guests mirrors her husband’s technique of rapport-building. “This is via gentle banter and her puckered smile, with the muscle tension along the top lip and some pulling down at the corners.  “This also promoted the idea of perhaps not taking herself too seriously.” This is one of the first documentaries to show what Camilla, the future Queen Consort is really like behind the scenes. The synopsis of the programme says: “With access to The Duchess of Cornwall in her role as Guest Editor of Country Life magazine to mark her 75th birthday, this one-off documentary gives a unique insight into our future Queen Consort, as she immerses herself in her personal passions and engages with some of those closest to her. “The documentary reveals The Duchess’s love for the British countryside and the people and places that have shaped her. READ MORE: Camilla stuns in £179 'magnificent' dress for surprise birthday outing “To put the edition together, Her Royal Highness has invited guest writers to discover her passions, reveal her personal countryside champions and meet the people who run the charities and advocate for causes she cares so deeply about. “We follow The Duchess as she joins her husband, The Prince of Wales, at Clarence House, as they prepare to leave for the State Opening of Parliament, on the first occasion The Prince of Wales stands in for The Queen at this constitutional event.” Photographs of the Duchess for her 75th birthday have been taken by Kate Middleton for Country Life Magazine.  Camilla wore a blue and white daisy floral dress with a light blue cardigan. She posed with her two Jack Russell dogs, Beth and Bluebell, at her home in Wiltshire. Camilla has owned Ray Mill House since 1996 after her divorce from her first husband. ‘Camilla’s Country Life’ will air tonight at 9pm on ITV1. 