Bayern Munich CEO Oliver Kahn has once again laughed off links to Cristiano Ronaldo - just days after he ruled out signing Manchester United's wantaway star. Ronaldo would like to quit Old Trafford to join a club who can offer him Champions League football next season and has been linked with a host of European heavyweights in recent weeks. Ronaldo dropped a major bombshell on Erik ten Hag when he revealed that he wanted to move on this summer after Manchester United failed to quality for the Champions League. But Kahn has once again tried to distance Bayern Munich from the 37-year-old. During a press conference to unveil Matthijs de Ligt, who has joined the German giants from Juventus, Kahn was quizzed on potential moves for Mathys Tel and Konrad Lamer. But the former shot-stopper took the opportunity to bring up Ronaldo. Kahn quipped: “Cristiano Ronaldo too, right!?" He added: "We’ll have more talks, we’ll see. Transfer window is open for some time." Kahn's comments come just days after he insisted that a deal for Ronaldo would not tally with Bayern's current philosophy. He told Kicker: "As highly as I rate Cristiano Ronaldo as one of the greatest, a transfer wouldn't be a fit with our philosophy." Transfer news LIVE: Ronaldo 'leaving' Man Utd, Chelsea £51m bid, Arsenal medical  Bayern are expected to enter the transfer market for attacking reinforcements after Robert Lewandowski completed his protracted switch to Barcelona last week. The Polish striker has led the line for the past eight years in Munich and replacing him will be no mean feat. The 33-year-old plundered 344 goals in 375 games for the German champions after joining the club from Borussia Dortmund in 2014. Ronaldo bagged an impressive 24-goal haul after returning to the Premier League with Manchester United last year, but at this point, the chances of a surprise summer move to the Allianz Arena seem virtually non-existent. DON'T MISSArsenal finalise loan exit after Oleksandr Zinchenko 'signs contract'Arsenal to 'submit offer' for Youri Tielemans alternative 'shortly' and player is keenThomas Tuchel 'under pressure' as Chelsea warned they're 'ill-prepared' for new season Despite his desire to leave Old Trafford, there appears to be very few viable suitors for Ronaldo. Chelsea were linked with a stunning move for the former Real Madrid and Juventus man, but the Londoners have since dropped their interest in the striker. Manchester United's attackers have been in decent form during the club's pre-season tour, but Ten Hag has still left the door open for Ronaldo to complete a U-turn and play a part for him next season. The veteran was excused from United's pre-season tour. When asked about Ronaldo, Ten Hag said: "We are planning with Ronaldo for this season, so that’s it and I am looking forward to working with him."