Every few weeks the budget supermarket celebrates cuisines from different countries around the world. Previous favourites include Portuguese week, Dutch week and South American week. But Lidl's latest foreign food announcement has angered some shoppers, reports Manchester Evening News. Posting on Facebook, Lidl wrote: "POV: It’s picnic weather and it’s also Greek Week." The post showcased some of the delicious Greek food on offer in Lidl stores, including Tzatziki, Meze, Breadsticks and Olive Oil. But while some were excited about the prospect of being able to buy something other than the "boring" British food we see every day, others had a bee in their bonnet, and demanded Lidl focus on its stock levels. Lidl says it is always working hard to ensure the availability of products and has apologised for instances where this hasn't been possible.  Tina Dumper said: "It would be so nice to have more usual food in store. Went to a Southampton store yesterday. Hardly any fruit and veg and one long aisle which had sections with one or two bags of potatoes in each one. "Love Lidl but getting fed up with it having so Lidll in on the shelves." Steven Mcnamara said: "Can you stop with the endless promotions and just focus on getting the usual stuff on your shelves?" Abby Gezunt claimed: "Went early to avoid heat and crowds at Hornchurch store and shelves were completely bare and because of no early delivery not one Greek item. "To be honest the store should not have opened at all as it looked so bare as if the store was closing down. "Never seen a supermarket with such bare shelves in the UK." Barry Fenley suggested: "We need a full shelves week." Jan Ranson said: "Have stopped going to lidl completely now due to empty shelves!!" Kate Marlowe slammed: "Lidl seriously sort it out. What the heck is up with your stock levels?? Can’t blame truck drivers anymore, or Brexit!" Terri Whitehouse chimed in: "I went to local Willenhall store yesterday, empty shelves!!!! Not one of these items, only went for the special foods!" However, some people were over the moon to hear that Greek week is returning. Pat Lowe said: "Fantastic Lidl Always something different: tasty and at a reasonable price." Hayley Wakenshaw said: "Please do Dutch week again! We loved the frikandellen. They're the only ones we've ever found except on mail order that are proper Dutch ones!" Emma Blacklock gushed: "Just been to our local lidl and now well stocked up on everything Greek. Our very favourite place." Natalie Goldspink added: "I bought bougatsa last time Greek week was on, lovely filo pastry with custard and cinnamon, what's not to love. Thanks Lidl." A Lidl spokesperson said: "Our teams are always working hard to ensure availability of products across our ranges and we apologise for any instances where a customer hasn’t been able to get what they need."