The English actress, who has become renowned for her colourful vocabulary, was interviewed by Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby on the ITV talk show about her new book, This Much is True. The 81-year-old, who is one of Phillip's "favourite guests", shared a couple of hilarious anecdotes from the book with viewers. However, she had to apologise after swearing and leaving the two presenters in stitches. During the interview, Miriam recalled how she struggled with her peers while studying at the University of Cambridge. As she was speaking about experiencing misogyny she admitted to Holly and Phillip she was trying very hard to only use appropriate language while sharing her story. She was trying to bite her tongue on the show and joked: "Oh, I have to watch myself." A reassuring Holly told the Harry Potter star she was "doing really well" not to curse during their conversation. READ MORE: BBC Breakfast viewers thrilled as they welcome back much-loved host However, Phillip cheekily quipped: "It's such a shame as we love it when you just let rip." Miriam replied: "I know, but it upsets some people and I don't want to upset people." She then accidentally swore, adding: "The whole thing is s**t at the moment, it's terrible, it really is." Phillip and Holly turned to the camera to apologise but it appeared as though Miriam had not realised her slip up.  The actress paused then realised she'd dropped the s-bomb, adding: "Oh I am sorry, I've let myself down." "Amazingly, you did it while you were apologising," Phillip scoffed. Miriam explained she "just wanted to make people happy" and did not mean to offend viewers. The presenters tried to comfort Miriam by saying she does make people laugh and the actress then issued an apology to fans at home. DON'T MISS...Phillip Schofield, wife and daughter travel to Silverstone in chopper [INSIGHT]Holly Willoughby poses as she skips Phillip Schofield's first Pride [UPDATE]Dad’s Army star admits turning down role five times  [EXPLAINER] She looked into the camera and said: "I apologise to everybody for - that word." This Morning viewers took to Twitter to comment on the actress' blunder. Natalie MacMichael penned: "@MMargolyes you make me happy, just the cheering up I needed @thismorning." Kevin Dodds added: "So pleased I had today off to witness the wonder that is Miriam Margolyes on This Morning. Literally rolled with laughter. Legend!" (sic)  Janine remarked: "In stitches at Miriam Margolyes on #ThisMorning, what a brilliant woman." Just Del added: "Thank you @thismorning for having the very funny and adorable @MMargolyes on again. Always brightens my day, and it wouldn't be the same if she didn't have a wee slip up." (sic) @Bigtalltweets1 said: "The wife has This Morning on and I am crying with laughter at @MMargolyes. She is a national treasure. Genuine, frank and takes no prisoners. Never ever change Miriam." (sic) This Morning continues on weekdays from 10am on ITV. 