Ukrainian MP Oleksiy Goncharenko told GB News that the resignation of Boris Johnson showed that Russia’s tactics of starving the world of energy and food is working. Mr Goncharenko claimed that was what Russian President Vladimir Putin was “waiting for”, before adding that the situation would only get worse over the winter. He predicted a “disaster” as citizens outside of Ukraine start to feel the burden of a war in Ukraine and show discontent towards their respective governments .   Mr Goncharenko said: “What I can tell you is there was a big party in the Kremlin when Boris Johnson resigned. “It was in all Russian propaganda at the time. It was said by everybody except Putin himself that they were so happy. “It was like candy being given to all of them. It shows that they were scared of Boris Johnson and they were scared of the leadership he showed. “That’s the fact. I’m just saying what I see and the reaction and that is the truth.   “The party they had was probably the biggest party for a while because all the rest of the time they have had losses. “They lost their flagship, they lost more than 30,000 people. They lost all the reputation that they could have. They committed genocide. “And now, finally, they see that their tactics of putting calls to the west about the Black Sea and grain prices, they want British people to go to the pubs and see that fish and chips are much more expensive, are starting to work. “That’s why they are waiting for winter, hoping that people in the world will remark on the high prices of energy and food and say ‘this government is doing a bad job. Let’s give Putin whatever he wants’. “That’s what [Putin] is waiting for, and that will be the worst case scenario because that will mean we will end up having a bigger war, no food, no energy, and that will be a disaster.” READ MORE: Russian troops 'running in all direction' as Putin LOSES control [REVEAL]   Gas supplies to Europe have tightened and fuel costs have soared since Russia's invasion of Ukraine in February and subsequent sanctions, leaving countries scrambling to refill storage and diversify supply channels. Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban accused the European Union of having “shot itself in the lungs” with what he described as ill-considered economic sanctions on Russia on Friday. He warned that there was a risk the European economy could be destroyed over the coming months unless the sanctions are rolled back. Europe is feeling the squeeze of the cost of living as it weens itself of a longstanding reliance on Russian energy and food exports. DON'T MISS: Russian ambassador lashes out at Sky reporter over Ukraine war probe [REVEAL] Macron puts France on red alert: Putin uses 'weapon of war' [REPORT] UK exporting RECORD energy to France despite own facing own crisis [REVEAL]   Mr Orban said: "Initially, I thought we had only shot ourselves in the foot, but now it is clear that the European economy has shot itself in the lungs, and it is gasping for air.” Mr Orban said Ukraine needed help, but European leaders should reconsider their strategy, as sanctions have caused widespread damage to the European economy without weakening Russia or bringing the months-long war closer to any resolution. He added: "The sanctions do not help Ukraine, however, they are bad for the European economy and if it goes on like this, they will kill off the European economy. What we see right now is unbearable. "The moment of truth must come in Brussels when leaders admit they have made a miscalculation, that the sanctions policy was based on wrong assumptions and it must be changed." READ NEXT: Ukraine LIVE: Putin's horror on front lines exposedOil price slump: Cost for crude plunges below £80 for first time Horror as Russia accused of using ‘stolen Western weapons’Putin authorises over 100 laws in 24 hoursUkraine’s deadline to retake territory looms 