London Fire Brigade has responded to an incident at a butchers on Ilford Lane in Redbridge. Around 60 firefighters and eight fire engines were called to tackle the blaze at the commercial property, which also has flats above it. There are currently no reported injuries. One person left a flat above the shop before firefighters arrived at Ilford Lane.A 32-metre turntable ladder was even used at the scene as an observation tower. Station Commander Dean Wilkinson, who was at the scene, said: “The fire affected the right-hand side of an end-of-terrace shop. “One person left a flat above the shop before the Brigade arrived.” JUST IN: ‘Turning into Magaluf!’ Row erupts as popular city pub crawl leads to call for crackdown He added: “One of our 32-metre turntable ladders was used at the scene as an observation tower, providing an aerial view of the incident and helping incident commanders to develop tactics to bring the fire under control.” However, the capital's fire service has said half of the ground floor of the building is alight. The brigade was alerted at 3.16am with crews from Barking, Stratford, Plaistow, Ilford and surrounding fire stations in attendance. The blaze was brought under control by 5.05am. READ MORE: Southend lockdown: Police seal off major road in huge emergency response The cause of the fire remains unknown. The fire in Ilford comes just days after the capital's fire service announced it had witnessed a record-breaking number of incidents. London Fire Brigade said: “London Fire Brigade had its busiest day since World War II yesterday as record temperatures led to hundreds of fires across the city. “The scale and frequency of the fires caused the Brigade to declare a major incident yesterday afternoon to allow for resources to be focused. DON'T MISS:Hated Brexit deal ‘could shatter UK’ [OPINION]Farage blasts those blaming conflict in Ukraine for inflation [NEWS]Britons blast Tories and Labour who are ‘as bad as each other’ [OPINION] “There were more than 1,146 incidents throughout London yesterday, and thanks to the heroic work of firefighters, there were no fatalities.” Jonathan Smith, the Brigade’s Assistant Commissioner, added: “Firefighters across London worked in very difficult conditions to protect Londoners and their heroic actions meant no lives were lost. “I am immensely proud of them and their dedication in such unprecedented heat.”