Jules Kounde's proposed move to Chelsea could reportedly open the door for Tottenham to negotiate the departure of Sergio Reguilon, who is widely expected to leave north London before the start of the new Premier League season. Chelsea have been trying to land Kounde for over a year but are finally said to have struck an agreement with Sevilla to bring the defender to Stamford Bridge. Barcelona have also been linked with Kounde in recent weeks but are thought to have conceded defeat in the race to snap him up, with the Frenchman set to officially become a Chelsea player over the next few days. His arrival in west London will provide the Blues with another solid first-choice option at the heart of defence, but the move could also inadvertently help Tottenham in their efforts to trim their playing squad in advance of the upcoming season.Kounde's exit will 'activate the market' in terms of incomings for Sevilla, who are lining up Tottenham left-back Reguilon as one of their priority signings, according to Tuttomercatoweb. The 25-year-old has fallen out of favour since Antonio Conte's arrival at Tottenham last November and has been tipped to leave the club in search of pastures new in the not-too-distant future.He is said to be on Sevilla director Monchi's list of players to chase before the new campaign begins and is well-known to the Andalusian club from his impressive loan spell on their books prior to joining Tottenham a year ago. He has failed to excel since completing his switch to the Premier League heavyweights, though, and has reportedly been deemed surplus to requirements by Conte over the course of this summer. JUST IN: Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel ready to block Azpilicueta to Barcelona Paratici jetted out to Italy earlier this week in order to discuss the potential exits of Japhet Tanganga, Bryan Gil and Tanguy Ndombele and will be working hard to ensure that Reguilon is also sold between now and the start of the competitive action in early August.Conte, meanwhile, has already suggested that further signings could be made before the competitive action resumes when quizzed on his remaining planned business in the market. "When the ideas are very clear it’s more simple to go into the transfer window and sign the players," the Tottenham boss told reporters."Our plan was very clear about the positions and the roles in which we needed to improve and we did it. I think the club worked very well in this window, for every coach to have the players quickly is very important because you can work with them and try to put them into our idea of football."I think it was good to sign five players quickly, now we’ll see what happens. We are always looking to strengthen the squad if there is the opportunity, we want to improve numerically the squad." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here