Queen Elizabeth, 96, reportedly has a go-to snack in all of her royal palaces. The Queen’s favourite go-to snack is known to be fresh mangos, according to previous reports. Mangos can apparently always be found in the fridge at Buckingham Palace, according to a former royal chef.  Former Buckingham Palace chef John Higgins told the National Post: “She could tell you how many mangoes were in the fridge at Buckingham Palace”. Lucy Lord is a food influencer, author of ‘Food For The Soul’ and ‘Cook For The Soul’, and experienced recipe creator. In order to create a beverage that would be enjoyed by Her Majesty, she created a totally unique smoothie, ‘Mango, Coconut & Lime Smoothie’, in line with the Queen’s love of mangos. Lucy said: “Creamy and oh so refreshing. This smoothie just reminds me of warm balmy mornings, sitting in the sun after a swim or gym. “I like smoothies to taste great without extra powders and this packs 10g protein as it is - but if you like to add a scoop of protein, go ahead!”  READ MORE: Kate Middleton bans nanny from using certain word around children   If you're using any fresh fruit, cut it up into chunks and add everything except the lime juice into a blender. Blitz until smooth, pour into glasses and squeeze half a lime (per serving) into each glass, garnish with any extra toppings. Lucy is aware of the current cost of living crisis and shared some money-saving hacks with Express.co.uk on how to make the royal smoothie on a budget. READ MORE: Queen's codename used while on her travels unveiled  She said: “If your bank balance isn’t as healthy as the Queen’s and fancy mango-on-the-move, I have a money-saving hack. “P-I-Y (Prep It yourself); with the cost of living, our second largest outgoing (outside of accommodation) is food and drink. “Did you know a Pret A Manger pot of mango costs £3.50 for one pot?  “Inside the pot is equivalent of a third of a medium size mango, versus buying a mango fresh, cubing it and creating 'pots' yourself (80p for a whole mango). “Plus, they keep really well sliced in the fridge for at least five days. “That's 26p versus £3.50. “If you're buying five a week, that saves £65 a month. Just like that.” 