Arsenal players are seemingly all on the same page as to what Gabriel Jesus will bring to the club - a winning mentality. Jesus joined Arsenal from Manchester City earlier this month and has made an immediate impact on his new team-mates. The Brazilian won four Premier League titles, three League Cups and an FA Cup during his six-year spell at City. He may not have always been the first name in Pep Guardiola's XI, but he played a big part in recent success at the Etihad. And Arsenal players have welcomed him with open arms. Several have spoken to the media about Jesus' arrival and one thing always seems to be mentioned. Goalkeeper Aaron Ramsdale told Sky Sports: "[He's a] great guy, chats with everyone, has always got a smile on his face. He's got amazing talent and he also knows how to win. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd denied De Jong fix, Spurs' triple meeting, Chelsea agreement  "So [we're] trying to pick his brains. He's not going to change everything at the football club in terms of winning things but if we can take one per cent out of his mentality and how he plays then it's only going to benefit us. "We're bringing in players who are hungry, young, like we did in the previous year, but we're also bringing in winners as well who have done it at this level." Ramsdale's comments are similar to that of Emile Smith Rowe. The England midfielder told the Standard: “He’s been fantastic since he came in, it feels like he’s been here for a couple of years. Everyone knows how good he is and we can’t wait to get started with him. DON'T MISSFrenkie de Jong 'knows he can thrive' at Man Utd as Ten Hag makes plan clearArsenal could be about to sanction first sale which will please William SalibaErik ten Hag 'abrupt' with Man Utd players as dressing room approach emerges  "Man City are a big club and they’ve won a lot recently. It would be good if he could bring that [winning] mentality and help us out.” Granit Xhaka is one of the longer-serving members of the Arsenal squad. But he thinks the signing of Jesus adds a different dimension to the Gunners squad. He told Sky Sports: “They bring something more than only games and wins, they bring the mentality of winning something and that is what we need here. It’s not so easy just to speak, but you have to show it on the pitch as well. “They bring experience and of course Gabby knows the Premier League. He has already won everything, but the most important thing is to bring players that have hunger.  “You can win a lot of trophies and say ‘okay, it’s enough’ but these guys they want to win much more with us. This is what makes us happy to have them.” Arsenal have won four FA Cups since 2014 but haven't won the Premier League since 2004. That still looks a few years off at least but Jesus certainly knows how to get the job done in that regard. Martin Odegaard is in contention to be the next Arsenal captain. And he has also spoken on what he hopes Jesus will bring, claiming the Gunners are lucky to have him. "I've only trained with him for a few days now, but it doesn't take long to see that he has a lot of qualities," the Norwegian told ESPN. "I think he will bring a lot of good things to the team. "I've seen him play a lot for Man City and yes, I think we are lucky to have him." Arteta seems to have struck gold with Jesus and his players have definitely given their seal of approval. 