The Sun and TalkTV debate between Rishi Sunak and Liz Truss, hosted by journalist Kate McCann, was abruptly pulled when a loud crash was heard after Ms McCann fainted. Liz Truss could be seen holding her hands to her face and saying "oh my God" as the broadcast was cut. TalkTV announced it would not be continuing the debate afterwards.   Ms McCann said she was "fine" but that the channel had been given medical advice not to continue. The incident occurred around halfway through the hour-long programme. Candidate Liz Truss appeared shocked, looking towards the floor, and ran over to where the journalist had been standing. The programme immediately went off-air, with a message appearing on the screen, saying: "We are sorry for the disruption to this programme.  "We are working hard to fix the issue and will return to normal programming soon." Following the incident, TalkTV presenter Julia Hartley-Brewer tweeted: "So bloody relieved that @KateEMcCann is ok. I think we can all agree that she was doing a bloody brilliant job hosting the Tory leaders' debate on @TalkTV. We learned more about @RishiSunak and @trussliz policies in those 20 minutes than in the BBC's full hour!"  The channel also issued a statement to its viewers, writing: "Kate McCann fainted on air tonight and although she is fine, the medical advice was that we shouldn't continue with the debate. We apologise to our viewers and listeners."  Both PM hopefuls have since expressed their concern for the host, wishing her to get well soon.  Liz Truss said on Twitter: "Relieved to hear @KateEMcCann is fine. Really sorry that such a good debate had to end. Look forward to catching up with Kate and the rest of the @TheSun @TalkTV team again soon." Similarly, Rishi Sunak said: Good news that you're already recovering @KateEMcCann.  "It was a great debate and I look forward to getting grilled by you again shortly!" Ms McCann was meant to appear alongside The Sun's political editor Harry Cole, but he tested positive for Covid-19 earlier today. Mr Cole said earlier today: "Covid finally got me for the first time with spectacularly bad timing." He had been due to share hosting duties with TalkTV's political editor Kate McCann.  