Lewis Hamiton’s French Grand Prix replacement, Nyck de Vries, has admitted he is “nervous” ahead of a breakthrough weekend at Mercedes. Formula E champion De Vries has already taken part in a free practice session with Williams earlier this season. However, this weekend marks the Dutchman’s first experience of a Mercedes F1 car in a proper weekend. He will take to Hamilton's car in FP1 at Paul Ricard due to a new rule introduced this year. The regulations state younger drivers must be allowed limited experience time in both cars throughout the season. George Russell is expected to step aside for De Vries again later this year. Speaking ahead of his Friday appearance, De Vries said: “I'm always nervous before everything I do, because I want to do everything I do well. That doesn't come naturally and I put a certain pressure on myself. I do feel healthy nerves.”  READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton aims two digs at Max Verstappen with 'sensible' jibe De Vries won the Formula 2 championship in 2019 but was unable to get an F1 seat for 2020. He instead moved to Formula E and sportscar racing where he has achieved a range of success. The 27-year-old won the Formula E crown with Mercedes in the 2020/21 season and has taken part in four Le Mans 24 Hour races. De Vries is now hot property in the motorsport scene with rumours he could be close to signing deals with Maserati’s Formula E team and Toyota for their Le Mans programme. However, there have also been talks of a possible F1 deal for the junior driver. De Vries is understood to have been in the running for a 2022 race seat at Williams before Alex Albon was drafted in. Dutch F1 pundit and touring car star Tom Coronel also claimed that De Vries is Toto Wolff’s “insurance policy” at Mercedes if Lewis Hamilton decided to stop. DON'T MISSToto Wolff blasted by Nico Rosberg for defending Lewis Hamilton [INSIGHT]Hamilton calls out team 'not willing to engage' on diversity charter [COMMENT]Max Verstappen plays down Lewis Hamilton hype ahead of French GP [ANALYSIS] De Vries admitted F1 is “my life” and stressed the importance of impressing this weekend. He added: “For me, it's about the fact that apart from the work, I also care. This is my life, this is my sport. I want to do well. “In a Formula 1 weekend like this, the whole world is watching. You get into a Mercedes and you have one hour, two sets of tyres and you are sitting next to a driver who can dream about the car."