During PMQs Prime Minister Boris Johnson faced mass calls by MPs and Ministers for his resignation as leader of the Conservative party and Britain. During the end of recently resigned Sajid, Javid's speech MPs decided to shout "Bye Boris!" This caused the live stream of PMQs to be cut off short of time. Politicians across the political spectrum expressed how unhappy they are with Mr Johnson's leadership skills. Mr Javid said: "And if I can continue to contribute to public life and my party from the backbenches it will be a privilege to do so." Mr Speaker said: "Can I say to the House, there will be no more personal statements today." As Mr Speaker finished addressing Government ministers and MPs a barrage of them decided to shout "bye Boris!" Calls for Mr Johnson's resignation have become overwhelming due to the latest Tory part scandal which involves allegations of sexual assault. JUST IN: Kim Jong-un warned South Korea will ‘sternly’ retaliate in case of provocation       Mr Johnson's own senior Government ministers have been resigning this week. The recent sexual assault allegation involving ex-Chief Whip Chris Pincher and Mr Johnson's appointing of him has caused political unrest. So far Sajid Javid, Will Quince and Rishi Sunak have stepped down from their roles as ministers in Government. Mr Quince defended Mr Johnson on Monday morning but wrote in his published resignation letter one of the reasons he gave for stepping down was that Mr Johnson had provided him with "inaccurate briefings."  READ MORE: Princess Diana remembered as stunning portrait resurfaces before anniversary of death      Mr Quince published his resignation letter to the Prime Minister, which read: “Dear Prime Minister. Thank you for meeting with me yesterday evening and for your sincere apology regarding the briefings I received from No 10 ahead of Monday’s media round, which we now know to be inaccurate. “It is with great sadness and regret that I feel that I have no choice but to tender my resignation as minister for children and families as I accepted and repeated those assurances in good faith. “It has been an honour to serve in government since 2019 at both the Department for Work and Pensions and the Department for Education. “Reaching this decision has not been easy. Stepping away from a job I love, where we are working every day to improve the life chances of vulnerable and disadvantaged children and young people up and down our country, pains me greatly.  DON’T MISS: Fury as Just Stop Oil vandals glue hands to da Vinci's Last Supper and spray paint wall[INSIGHT] 'Devil in the detail!' Brexit campaigners slam Keir Starmer over Labour's 5-point EU plan [REVEAL] Defiant Zelenksy says Ukraine needs to BREAK Putin and invading troops 'No alternative' [SPOTLIGHT]     “I will miss it hugely but pledge to do all I can to continue this important work from the backbenches. “I would like to take this opportunity to put on record my sincere thanks to the hundreds of dedicated and hard-working civil servants with whom it has been a pleasure to work.” Due to the shock resignations, the Labour party leader Sir Keir Starmer has been calling for a snap election in Britain. So that citizens can elect a new Prime Minister to run the country. READ NEXT