The Big Four in tennis will be linking up for the first time at a tournament as Novak Djokovic has confirmed he is joining Rafael Nadal, Roger Federer and Andy Murray at this year's Laver Cup. The Serb has only represented Team Europe at the event once before, with only Federer by his side, and he is relishing the chance to share the same side of the net with his "biggest all-time rivals". Djokovic is set to play the Laver Cup for just the second time, confirming his spot on Team Europe on Friday. The world No 7 joins Nadal, Federer and Murray to become the fourth member of Team Europe, making a historic occasion that will see the Grand Slam-winning group dubbed the 'Big Four' join forces for the first time. “I’m really excited to be joining Team Europe again for the Laver Cup at London’s O2 arena in September,” the Serb said, fresh off the back of winning his 21st Major at Wimbledon. And he shared what it meant to be joining a squad with three of his biggest career rivals. "It’s the only competition where you can play in a team environment with guys that you’re normally competing against and to be joining Rafa, Roger and Andy – three of my biggest all-time rivals – it’s going to be a truly unique moment in the history of our sport." JUST IN: Andy Murray withdraws from tournament to make US Open intention clear  The world No 7 admitted he was in talks to join Nadal, Federer and Murray at the Laver Cup - this year staged at London's O2 arena from September 23 to 25 - when the Brit was announced as part of Team Europe a month ago, joining Nadal and Federer who confirmed their participation in February. Djokovic was asked whether he could join his Big Four rivals and said: "It would be very unique. It is a possibility. My agent has communication with the Laver Cup team. We have an agreement that there will be a decision after Wimbledon is finished. "Laver Cup is the only competition where you can have all the big rivals, the big three, big four players joining in the same team." And Djokovic also noted that it would be special to play in the O2 Arena, which had been the home to the year-end ATP Finals from 2009 to 2020, adding: "Of course, it is very different and exciting concept for us players, but also for the fans around the world. "So, of course, the O2 Arena is familiar venue for me and for us players. We've been playing more than 10 years the World Tour Finals in that arena. It stayed there for a long time, with a reason, because it was such a successful event. Full stands every match, singles, doubles." DON'T MISSRussian tennis star Karen Khachanov has hotel room 'robbed'Emma Raducanu wins another award as Novak Djokovic snubbed for NadalNadal contemplates retirement plans ahead of US Open injury return  There are two more spots to be filled on Team Europe, plus an alternate position, but the Laver Cup will likely have no problem attracting other players to link up with the Big Four. And one of their teammates could be teenage breakout star Carlos Alcaraz, with Federer's agent Tony Godsick - who helped the Swiss create the team tournament - reportedly in talks with the Spaniard for several months. Team Europe is headed up by Bjorn Borg, and the captain himself is excited to see the Big Four in action together. “I don’t think I could have imagined having these four icons of the sport on one team together," he said. "I know they, like I, appreciate the significance of this moment and will be truly up for it. Each year our goal is to win. With Rafa, Roger, Andy and Novak on the team, I like our chances.”