On Wednesday, the Duke of Cambridge announced that his climate change awareness initiative, The Earthshot Prize, would be held in Boston this year. The first awards ceremony for The Earthshot Prize, was held in London in 2021. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge tweeted on Wednesday: “Introducing #EarthshotBoston2022. “This December, we're heading to the @cityofboston for the second annual #EarthshotPrize awards ceremony where we'll celebrate 15 extraordinary Finalists, and award five new Winners.” The second ceremony will be held in December, and showcase the work of the 15 2022 finalists. The announcement on July 20 coincided with the anniversary of the Moon landing back in 1969, and is named after former US President John F. Kennedy’s Moonshot. But as the prize was “designed to find and grow the solutions that will repair our planet this decade”, the prince has attracted criticism for opting for a transatlantic trip to mark the awards. One social media user, @thepastistense, wrote: “I love the #EarthShotPrize initiative from Prince William, but can anyone tell me why he’s defeating the message by flying thousands of miles for this presentation. “Why are these flights necessary? “Almost puts him in the same camp as #EcoWarrior Harry….” READ MORE: Meghan acted liked a 'princess' at NY restaurant with Harry Twitter user @thenurnee added: “Am assuming saving the planet involves you getting the train to Boston Lincolnshire, not a plane to Boston U.S?” Another Twitter user held similar sentiments, with @allemannenweg21 saying: “I presume that is Boston, Lincolnshire and you will be travelling by train, as I know how concerned you are about the environment and carbon footprints and would never wish to contribute to climate change by unnecessary air travel…” Other royal watchers chose to defend the Duke and Duchess’s travel, with @mctavishanne commenting: “William has never advocated stopping air travel, just mindfulness about it. “And Earthshot is a global prize - his idea and his effort to set it up. So spot on for him.” DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Gosh! Netflix stuns with new Meghan & Harry plan [LIVE] Prince Harry's 'clunky' Mandela speech full of 'self-righteous anger' [ANALYSIS] Royal POLL: Should Meghan and Harry stay away from politics? [VOTE] Caroline Kennedy, US diplomat and daughter of John F. Kennedy, called the Prize's naming a "great tribute" to her late father. She said: “Over the past 60 years I have watched each new generation find inspiration in my father’s decision to send a man to the moon – not just inspiration for mankind or for America, but for their own lives.” She added: “It is a great tribute to President Kennedy that The Earthshot Prize has been inspired by his moonshot to take on the most important challenge we face today – repairing the planet.” She continued: “My family and the JFK Library Foundation look forward to partnering with Prince William and The Earthshot Prize on this exciting initiative.” Earlier this month, the Earthshot Prize became an independent charity, separate from the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's Royal Foundation. Prince William will be the president of the new charity, it was confirmed.