With temperatures set to soar around the UK and the Met Office issuing an extreme heat warning, it’s more important than ever to protect your garden and its content from the incoming heatwave. The extreme amber warning, issued for Sunday (17 July), Monday (18 July) and possibly Tuesday, plus the threat of a hose pipe ban has made creating shade and conservative watering essential. Jack Sutcliffe, founder of Yorkshire-based shed manufacturer, explained: “While most of us love a summer of hot weather, heatwaves can put your garden and its contents at risk. “With temperatures set to rise to 35C in some parts of the country and the Met Office issuing an amber weather warning, it’s important you take the necessary steps early to protect your plants or it can be too late for them to recover. “We recommend following the advice above so you can enjoy the hot weather knowing your garden and its furniture are protected.” Here are his top five tips to help you protect prize plants, fruit and vegetable patches, and garden furniture. READ MORE: ‘Effective’ way to keep house flies away from homes using 85p spice Jack advised gardeners to use reflective mulch to protect soil around plants as that becomes the “biggest risk” to plants in hot weather. He said: “The biggest risk to plants in high temperatures is the soil drying out. “Your first line of defence against this should be to use a layer of mulch around plants to help the soil stay moist after watering. “There are many different mulch materials gardeners can use during a heatwave, dry grass clippings from your lawn are a great option.” What’s more, the benefits of using fresh grass clippings as mulch include cooling the root zone, conserving moisture, and adding back up to 25 percent of the nutrients that growth removes from the soil. DON'T MISS: 'Energy bill already 50% less': Crucial guidance to keep costs down [COMMENT]Where does Penny Mordaunt live now? Inside the life of the ‘outsider’ [INSIGHT]How to clean shower door using 'household items' - 'best way' [TIPS] Another tip the gardening expert suggested was to move all container plants into the shade. Container plants are the first to dry out in a heatwave, gardeners need to protect them from the sun or they will “perish quickly”, warned Jack. He added: “Moving them into the shade so they don’t feel the full heat of the midday sun is an easy way to prepare your plants and pots for the rising temperature.” The gardening pro urged gardeners to avoid overwatering their lawns even during extreme hot weather. Jack advised: “Lawns can become scorched during a heatwave, but there are things you can do to keep it looking thick and green. READ MORE: Queen rented her first marital home - inside little-known £2m property “It will require minimal watering, once a week should do, and your mowing routine should drop to once a week.” Gardeners should also adjust the blades on their mower to a higher setting to ensure the grass stems provide maximum shade for the soil. While they may look too far gone, Jack encourages gardeners to never give up on plants damaged by the heat. He explained: “It’s not too late for plants that have wilted or turned brown during the heatwave. “Watering your plants in the morning, mulching to encourage water retention and providing them with the right shade even after signs of damage could help them recover once the heat subsides.” For those who have a summerhouse in their garden, the expert suggests installing an air vent and using UV-resistant varnish. Jack said: “We recommend placing an air vent high up on an exterior wall so warm air can rise and escape. “You could even add a second vent low on the opposite wall to allow cooler air to circulate and stop your summer house from becoming uncomfortably hot during a heatwave. “If you’re worried about the heat damaging the outside of your summerhouse, covering the wood in durable, UV-resistant varnish will protect it from sun damage.”