Manchester United have clarified why chief executive Richard Arnold and former manager Sir Alex Ferguson were present at the club's training ground at the same time Cristiano Ronaldo held crisis talks over his future. Ronaldo turned up at Carrington on Tuesday morning to speak to boss Erik ten Hag. The Portugal superstar's future is in doubt after telling the club earlier this summer he wants to leave. Ten Hag has maintained the forward is not for sale. However, Ronaldo missed the club's pre-season tour due to personal reasons and it is not clear when he will be back in training. It emerged on Monday evening that the 37-year-old would be at Carrington the following day. But he wasn't the only big-name presence at the training ground. CEO Arnold and director Ferguson also arrived on Tuesday morning. And United have now clarified the duo's presence. The Manchester Evening News says Arnold's visit had been planned for months and is not part of the discussions with Ronaldo and his agent Jorge Mendes. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd offer De Jong £110m deal, Atletico £36m Ronaldo plan  Meanwhile, Ferguson is present for a football board meeting. The Scot helped play a part in bringing Ronaldo back to United last summer. He is held in the highest regard by Ronaldo following the forward's first spell at the club. However, there is no suggestion Ferguson will have any input to talks over the player's future. Meanwhile, Arnold generally does not have an input on the club's transfer business. He allows football director John Murtough to head up that department at the club. However, Arnold did travel to Barcelona with Murtough earlier this month in an attempt to secure a deal for midfielder Frenkie de Jong. Therefore, Arnold turning up at Carrington on Tuesday raised question marks over his impact on Ronaldo's situation. The Manchester Evening News says Arnold has dealt with Ronaldo's agent during his recent absence. However, it appears he was not set to be involved in Tuesday's chat. DON'T MISSArsenal star Vieira 'suffered fracture' as Tomiyasu and Tierney updates givenArsenal's three 'unhappy' players' impact on training amid summer wishesEx-club boss speaks out on Super League - you're not going to like it! Ten Hag hopes Ronaldo will be reintegrated into his squad soon. And last week he insisted the experienced star can adapt to his pressing style of play. "I think Cristiano is capable of doing that," Ten Hag said. "In his career he has shown everything. "I have set my demands. We want to play in a certain way. A top player can contribute and Ronaldo is an absolute top player in our squad. "The players dictate the way you play. Especially players who score goals because they are extremely important for a team. You construct your team around them."  Click here to buy the new Man Utd home shirt