Chainsaw Man is one of the most highly anticipated anime of 2022, but so far this year news on the unmissable adaptation has been thin on the ground. In fact, it recently was a year to the day that the first Chainsaw Man trailer was revealed, and since then there hasn't been any new footage. This, however, could all be about to change soon with Crunchyroll and MAPPA hosting a Chainsaw Man panel at the high-profile Anime Expo 2022 in LA. This panel is scheduled for 11.30am pacific time / 2.30pm eastern time / 7.30pm BST on Monday July 4. The Chainsaw Man panel is pencilled in for the final day of the Anime Expo, which could be a sign that MAPPA and Crunchyroll are looking to drop some big news to end the event in style. It wouldn't be a surprise to see trailer 2 for Chainsaw Man be revealed during this event, along with official confirmation of the anime's release date. Earlier this year Crunchyroll confirmed that it would be streaming the Chainsaw Man anime this year. But we're already into the second half of the year and so far haven't found out when exactly the first episode will air. It's been rumoured that the Chainsaw Man anime could have a release date in October, and with that window only a few months away time is running out for an official release date reveal. While it is possible we could get a release date reveal and new trailer for Chainsaw Man at Anime Expo 2022, this is by no means a given. Details on exactly what will be revealed during the Chainsaw Man panel at Anime Expo is few and far between with one of the few things that has been confirmed is the host. In attendance will be Crunchyroll's managing editor for news Kyle Cardine, who will be hosting the panel. Ahead of the Chainsaw Man event, Cardine asked followers on Twitter to send in their questions to be put to the panel. Cardine posted: "Chainsaw Man fans! For the upcoming Chainsaw Man panel at Anime Expo, we're gathering questions from YOU to ask the MAPPA production team about the upcoming anime! Use the hashtag #ChainsawManAX to submit your questions. "See you on July 4 @ 11:30am PT in the Main Events Hall!"