Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp could be forced into the transfer market with Roberto Firmino reportedly 'very close' to joining Juventus. The Brazilian has been a mainstay at Anfield since signing from Hoffenheim in 2015, but could take on a new challenge this summer if the Reds give the green light on a £19million move to Turin. Express Sport looks at four stars who could step into his boots on Merseyside... The Rennes striker put together by far his best campaign to date last time out, notching 21 goals in Ligue 1 to blow his previous best tally out of the water. L'Equipe claim that the Reds are monitoring Terrier with the French outfit demanding £34m to let him go. West Ham and Leeds United are also reported to be in the mix, but with the Hammers recently signing Gianluca Scamacca from Sassuolo, their interest is unlikely to progress which should grant Klopp and co a clearer path to the 25-year-old's signature. JUST IN: Cristiano Ronaldo 'demands Man Utd contract terminated' as row over future takes new turn Despite the signing of orthodox frontman Darwin Nunez this summer, Klopp has tended to favour versatile attackers that are comfortable out wide and through the middle. Gakpo is primarily considered a winger, but at 6ft 2in and with great pace, he certainly has the physical capabilities to feature as a striker. The Dutchman, 23, is another player to have found momentum last term with 21 goals in all competitions for PSV. Voetbal International claim that the Reds have already held talks with his agent, so it may not take long to spark speedy progress if the need arises. READ MORE: What Man Utd bosses 'told' Ronaldo to prevent exit during talks  Tenacity, desire and energy are all traits Klopp values in an attacker, and Martinez has them in abundance. The 24-year-old Argentine has taken the increased responsibility in his stride since Romelu Lukaku left to join Chelsea, but he may have to work hard to stay as the main man in light of the Belgian's return to the San Siro on loan. Earlier this summer, Martinez posted the message 'Another year together' to Inter fans on social media, suggesting that he fully expects to stay in Italy this term. But the opportunity to work under Klopp at Anfield may not come around too often and it remains to be seen whether an offer would tempt him to backtrack on his pledge. The RB Leipzig forward's incredible 35-goal haul came from absolutely nowhere last term, bettering his previous-best total five fold. It was therefore unsurprising when a host of top clubs, including several from the Premier League, were linked with the Frenchman, but Nkunku made the bold choice to sign a two-year contract extension last month. As such, any move to replace Firmino with the 24-year-old would have to wait until next summer, but a £50m release clause could make him an enticing option. Like so many of Klopp's past signings, Nkunku can play in a variety of positions including up top, on the wing or in attacking midfield.