Martin Brundle has blasted Gary Lineker after the England football icon appeared to back the group behind Sunday's protests at the British Grand Prix. The ex-F1 star turned pundit called on Lineker not to“encourage the reckless behaviour”. It comes after Lineker retweeted a clip showing Just Stop Oil protestor James Skeet defending the protest on national television. He claimed the group had done it for publicity reasons and said the British GP incident had been a “success” as it meant their cause had been recognised. Lineker said: "If it’s not already too late, history will look back very favourably on these people.” However, Brundle hit back, claiming the protestors would have been badly hurt and killed if F1 cars had approached the scene at full speed. He said: “Gary please don’t encourage this reckless behaviour. They’d have been sliced into 100 pieces and fans, marshals and drivers were wholly at risk of injury and death. READ MORE: Gary Lineker sides with Just Stop Oil protestors who stormed race “We already had one lucky escape. I totally 100 per cent support freedom of speech and opinion, but do it responsibly.” Lineker responded moments later, still claiming the protest was worth the delay. He added: “Way more risk of death with climate change to everyone than there is attempting to delay a motor race.” Just Stop Oil claimed responsibility for the protest yesterday afternoon, replying to fans' photos on social media with a demand for action. They said: “We are demanding the government stop all new fossil fuel licensing. The future of our species depends upon it. Our government are corrupt. It is our duty to cause disruption and draw attention to our demand. We will continue to resist until our demand is met.” DON'T MISSMercedes admit their 'risk' contributed to George Russell horror crash [INSIGHT]F1 drivers caught on team radio slamming protestors who invaded track [ANALYSIS]Lando Norris pokes fun at Lewis Hamilton after British Grand Prix [COMMENT] Northamptonshire Police confirmed they had arrested seven individuals in relation to the incident. Chief Inspector Tom Thompson said: “I’m really disappointed that this group of people ignored our warnings prior to race-day and made the incredibly dangerous decision to enter the track. “We offered to facilitate a peaceful event at the circuit but they instead chose to put the lives of the drivers, marshals and volunteers at risk. It is incredibly disappointing that anyone would make the decision to do this. Thankfully we had plans in place for an eventuality such as this and the group were swiftly removed and arrested by our officers.”