On Wednesday, Sophie, Countess of Wessex visited Capability, Scotland, an organisation that delivers care, support, and education for disabled children and adults, where she got stuck into activities such as planting flowers, baking and painting. Sophie warmly greeted members of the community, toured the centre with a member of staff and learned more about the centre’s work. The Countess also planted a rose in memory of Prince Philip, who was the charity’s patron for 60 years. Sophie, who is married to the Duke of Edinburgh’s youngest son, Prince Edward, was known to be particularly close with the late patriarch of the Royal Family. Since Philip’s death in April last year, Sophie has become one of the Queen’s closest confidantes and has been described as the monarch’s “rock”. While the Countess is now a much-loved member of the Royal Family, her introduction to the Firm was embroiled in scandal. And one royal expert has claimed that the former businesswoman took the scandals in her stride and “transformed herself into an ideal, royal wife." READ MORE: Prince Edward gears up for Duke of Edinburgh title with key Scottish engagement today Duncan Larcombe, former royal editor at The Sun and author of ‘Prince Harry: The Inside Story’, told GoodtoKnow in 2020: “Sophie didn’t have an easy ride and you could argue that it was worse than Meghan’s arrival into the Royal Family. “But after the scandal she changed her circle of friends and proceeded to transform herself into an ideal royal wife. “She adapted, she survived and now she flourishes.” Mr Larcombe likened Sophie’s early days of royal life to those of Meghan Markle’s, who left the Firm less than two years after her official induction. He explained: “Both Meghan and Sophie’s initial struggles show just how difficult it is for somebody who has a successful career to join the Royal Family. “And how important it is, rightly or wrongly, to make those sacrifices.” Mr Larcombe also noted Sophie’s special relationship with the Queen as a contributing factor to the Countess’ success within the Royal Family, saying that the monarch was “instrumental in rescuing Sophie.” Both Sophie and her husband Edward have become more prominent figures within the Firm in recent years. DON'T MISS:'Her Majesty's playbook!' Sophie Wessex lauded for borrowing from Queen's fashion style [STYLE]Edward and Sophie: From reluctant royals to Queen's 'firm favourites' [INSIGHT]Queen health update: Monarch dispels concerns as she travels to Scotland in major boost [LATEST] The Sussexes’ departure and Prince Andrew’s decision to step down from royal duties for the foreseeable future, due to his controversial friendship with Jeffrey Epstein, means the couple is attending more public events than ever before. Mr Larcombe said: “In one fell swoop they’ve lost two of the most senior members of the working Royal Family from the royal rota and someone’s got to fill that gap. Without Prince Harry or Prince Andrew around I think it’s inevitable that Sophie’s profile will continue to increase. As Sophie becomes increasingly visible, Mr Larcombe claims it’s because the Countess owns her mishaps that her popularity is on the rise. He said: “She’s very hard-working and people that meet her absolutely rave about her. “Sophie did not take the narrative of being a victim.” The Earl and Countess of Wessex have both been representing the Queen in Scotland to mark the traditional celebration of Holyrood Week. Her Majesty has taken residence in the Palace of Holyroodhouse in Edinburgh, but has delegated some public engagements to members of her family. On Thursday, the monarch took part in her third event in four days during her visit. The 96-year-old Queen looked on as more than 300 officers and archers from the Queen's Body Guard for Scotland took part in the Reddendo parade. She then watched from a chair as the Duke of Rothesay – Prince Charles – greeted members of the parade.