Based on the first novel by bestselling author Lee Child, Reacher became an instant hit with fans of the books thanks to Alan Ritchson’s page-accurate performance as the titular vigilante. The Amazon Prime Video series also surrounded the vengeful hero with a stellar cast of performing players who, sadly, won’t be returning for the show’s second season. Willa Fitzgerald has confirmed she knew from the “get-go” Officer Conklin wouldn’t be sticking around for more than one season. Based on Lee’s novel Killing Floor, Willa co-starred opposite Alan as a young yet headstrong cop who teams up with him to investigate a chilling murder conspiracy. Although they form a strong connection and even become romantic over the course of the season, Willa won’t be part of the cast going forward. “Yeah, I did know that from the get-go,” she confirmed. READ MORE: Coronation Street’s Phill Whittaker star speaks on Fiz twist “I think that's a great opportunity to get to tell a clean and complete story, and then be able to walk away. I think it's a unique experience in TV.” The actress will next be seen in Watergate thriller 18 ½, and has also appeared in The Goldfinch, Dare Me and MTV’s Scream series. However, there’s currently no chance the actress will ever meet up with Prime Video’s latest small-screen hero. Each season of Reacher will take inspiration from one of the original novels, which pits the former major against an entirely new cast of characters. While she won’t have the opportunity to aid Alan’s vigilante with another case, Willa was still glad to have been a part of Reacher’s daring approach to TV storytelling. “Often [at] times, you think you're going to get another season, and you don't get another season, and you're abruptly cut off,” she explained to Digital Spy. “Or you think you're going to keep doing it, and then something else intervenes. “So it's nice to have the agency to know that it is a complete, finished product. And it was also great to be able to start off the whole Reacher world.” DON'T MISS:The Umbrella Academy boss details change to character fans missed [INSIGHT]Virgin River’s Doc star on Netflix’s filming ‘concerns’ [UPDATE]Yellowstone’s Cole Hauser opens up on Rip and Lloyd fight [INTERVIEW] Despite the success of Lee’s novels, Willa admitted she hadn’t anticipated the first season of Reacher being as well-received as it was upon its release in February. She continued: “I don't think there's any guarantee that anything will hit, especially now with so much stuff being made all the time. Although the actress has seemingly ruled out her return, perhaps the success of Reacher’s first season will convince showrunner Nick Santora to bring back some popular characters? He previously told TVLine: “I will say this, and I'm not trying to be coy or cute: You never know if a character might come back. “We might come up with a great idea and say, 'You know what? Maybe that character can work in season two or season three', and then you bring them back for a bit or for an extended visit.” And author Lee admitted in a press Q&A: “Reacher moves on all the time, and I was so sad I would never see Finley or Roscoe again. I mean, literally, I was almost in tears at that prospect. “And I felt the same thing at the end of this season. I wish I’d called it Roscoe, now, and we could have had more!” Season two of Reacher is expected to be released in 2023, though details about Alan’s highly anticipated follow-up outing as the lone guardian are being kept under wraps. However, Prime Video has since confirmed the next instalment will be based on Bad Luck and Trouble, the 11th novel in Lee’s original series. Reacher season 1 is available to stream on Amazon Prime Video. Season 2 will be released in 2023.