Russian troops have stepped up their offensive on the region after capturing neighbouring Luhansk Oblast, prompting a fierce response from Volodymyr Zelensky's defence. Images emerging on social media show Russian military warehouses in the occupied area of Snezhnoye, Donetsk exploding into a fireball. It is one of a number of Russian ammo depots to be hit by intense shelling in recent days. Local reports indicate a US-made High Mobility Artillery Rocket System (HIMARS) - multiple large rockets launched from the back of a five-ton truck - were used in the attack. Footage of the explosion shows detonating ammunition within the enormous smoke cloud. The bombing by Ukraine follows another devastating airstrike by Zelensky's men on Sunday. Footage from local news outlet RIA Melitopol showed shelling on a Russian airbase. Subsequent accounts, including images on Twitter, suggest the site is still burning as a thick cloud of smoke remains visible above the city, which Russia claims to have taken control of. Fierce resistance from Ukraine comes as Serhiy Haidai, the governor of Luhansk, said he expects Putin will push to take the key cities of Sloviansk and Bakhmut in the Donestk region next. On Sunday, Ukrainian troops were forced to retreat from Lysychansk, the last major city in the Luhansk Oblast to remain out of Russian control. READ MORE: Putin's 'horror' next phase of war to destroy lives of tens of millions   The same day, Ukraine targeted a Russian ammo depot in Popasna, Luhansk. On Monday, June 27, an ammo depot in Alchevsk, Luhansk was also hit as the defending force seeks to destroy Russian resources. Putin has now declared victory in the Oblast, telling his troops to take time to rest ahead of the next charge. Russia’s defence minister Sergei Shoigu told Putin "the operation" in this eastern region, close to Russia's border, is complete. DON'T MISS:  Russia on brink of caving on peace talks as 'deep freeze' war looms [INSIGHT]Putin rocked as Zelensky's troops unleash devastating shelling [SPOTLIGHT]Luhansk and Donetsk: Why regions are crucial for Russia [EXPLAINED]  Luhansk governor Mr Haidai said the retreat from Lysychansk was due to the threat of "encirclement" by invading forces. In an update on the airbase attack in Melitopol on Sunday, Mayor Ivan Fedorov, who is currently on Ukraine-controlled territory, said: "At 3 o'clock (0000 GMT) and 5 o'clock (0200 GMT), there were over 30 strikes on a single military base." The base was occupied on the second day of Russia's invasion in February and was being used to store ammunition for heavy Russian weapons. He added: "They stored and handled the logistics of ammunition for heavy weapons at this base. "At present the situation has not calmed down (and) everything is still detonating."