It appears Harry Maguire has now taken over from Paul Pogba to be Manchester United’s latest boo boy. Fans on Tuesday in Australia bizarrely jeered the England international during the opening stages of the club’s pre-season showdown with Crystal Palace. But Erik ten Hag deserves credit for the way he’s handled the 29-year-old’s situation so far. On Tuesday night, United put Palace to the sword. Attacking trio Jadon Sancho, Marcus Rashford and Anthony Martial were all on target as the Red Devils won 3-1 in Australia. But the match, at least in the early stages, was marred by United fans booing Maguire from the touchlines. Some think he isn’t fit to be captain of this club, others believe he shouldn’t even be in the starting XI. But Maguire, it seems, should brace himself for more of this treatment if Pogba’s case is anything to go by. Undoubtedly, the France international’s United career was more miss than hit - regardless of what the club themselves would like you to think. Man Utd transfers: Barcelona draw up De Jong punishment plan And, on multiple occasions, Pogba was booed by fans despite not doing much wrong. He was embroiled in a spat with supporters three years ago, when a disappointing United season finished on a low note with a 1-0 defeat to Cardiff at Old Trafford. And Pogba was also booed before his departure in April, during the Red Devils’ 3-2 win over Norwich City. Maguire has now taken over the mantle of being the scapegoat for United’s struggles. But, quite rightly, he isn’t going anywhere. Critics are right to criticise because Maguire, like the rest of his team-mates, was close to shambolic last term. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong  Yet to jeer somebody on their own team? Their captain? It’s outright odd, especially given it’s pre-season and the real business is yet to commence. There are some trolls online who say the English media defend Maguire because he’s one of their own. But they’re wrong, and clearly don’t do their reading. Rightly, he’s criticised when it’s due. And praised when it’s due too. That’s only correct and fair. Even over at Express Sport, we’ve been hard on Maguire when he’s had his issues for United. He knows himself that he must do better, too but that’s all part and parcel of the game. But no chance did the former Leicester and Hull star deserve the booing that came his way on Tuesday. When Ten Hag took charge of United, the easy thing would have been to strip Maguire of the captaincy and give it to Cristiano Ronaldo instead. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. Yet the Dutchman has staunchly backed his No 5 to come good and prove what he’s all about. Ten Hag has even tweaked Maguire’s position, playing him at right centre-back alongside Victor Lindelof during the Palace win. The Dutchman was seen backing his captain from the sidelines throughout the encounter, likely giving Maguire a shot in the arm along the way. And he’s also publicly supported the United skipper as well. Speaking recently, he said: “I think he is [a first team player]. “He’s proved it in the past but he also has to prove it in the present time and in the future. “He has played 46 times for England. Harry is really impressive and I expect a lot from him. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “But there is also internal competition and that is what a club like Man United needs. You cannot win with 11 players. “We need a squad, especially this season with so many games. We have the Europa League, the Premier League and the World Cup so we need a full squad with high-quality players, not quantity.” Up until last year, Maguire at United was ticking along nicely. He’s had three years at the club so, if you consider Pogba, he’s got a few more to show he can cut it at the highest level. Nobody at United, Ten Hag included, is backing him. And the brutal fact of the matter is that Maguire, unlike the injury-prone Raphael Varane and inconsistent Victor Lindelof, is the club’s best centre-back on his day. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here