John Torode, 56, has worked on MasterChef with Gregg Wallace, 57, since 2005, with the pair forming a tight bond. Speaking to Express.co.uk John shared the truth to their relationship behind the scenes. Although the chefs started on MasterChef together in 2005, they had actually met years before in the early 90s. John told Express.co.uk: "We've been working together on MasterChef since 2005 but we've known each other since 1993. "Yeah, we met together at a little restaurant called Sydney Street years and years before and he has been my fruit and vegetable supplier throughout my culinary career in the UK, way before MasterChef." The chef then went into detail about the pair's "amazing" relationship away from the programme. READ MORE: John Cleese leaves BBC interview over line of questioning He continued: "And we have an amazing relationship whereby we sort of chat to each other by text but we don’t really hang out together. "One of the great things about working with somebody like that as you do have a different lives is we've got a different opinion on everything, you know, and we do have different opinions on everything. "We have different opinions on what we like to how we like how we dress, cars, music, definitely on music. "And you know, we also have different opinions on food. And, I think that really helps with what we do and how we do that and the world we are involved in. So yeah, it’s a great, interesting relationship." John also shared a funny memory from the years working together on MasterChef. He joked: "I remember once that I hadn’t been paying attention to what was going on and usually I watched the contestants but something had kept my mind busy. "So I ate this dish and Gregg just smiled at me in full realisation. "What I had just put in my mouth was the most ghastly thing that could have ever happened. DON'T MISS... R Kelly sentenced to 30 years in prison for sex abuse crimes [LATEST] Loose Women’s Denise Welch sparks frenzy in busty red swimsuit snap [PICS] Ashley Roberts puts on boozy display at Wimbledon 2022 [WIMBLEDON] "It was a piece of liver that had been soaked in milk. "It was just the most awful thing, tasted like something a deer would have found in the woods. It was just so awful." John has been partnered with Ninja Kitchen for the past couple of months, with the chef ectatic about the partnership. He said: "You may just think it’s just a saucepan or pan, or whatever it may be. But I have to tell you, it’s been gifted to everybody in my family since I have started working with them. "You know as somebody who has been cooking for years and years, when you find something great, you just hold on to it. It sits in the kitchen and becomes part of the furniture. "I don’t work with people unless I think they’re really cool. "They are great, so versatile and you don’t need to have that many pieces. "You can buy single items and you get them through Amazon, leading me to send them to my whole family! He concluded: "That’s the good thing about Amazon, you can send it to your mates. "Like my eldest got some at her house and they were like ‘Great thank you very much!’ His favourite part of the range includes the Ninja Foodi ZEROSTICK Cookware. For more information please visit Ninja Kitchen(ninjakitchen.co.uk).