Prince Harry and Meghan Markle were not present for the annual trip to Balmoral in Scotland with the rest of the Royal Family in summer 2019 as they'd opted to take their son, Archie, on holiday to Ibiza separately. The Queen usually spends summer on her Scottish Highlands estate where over the course of her 10-week stay, she extends an invitation for family members to come and join her at various points during the break. The royals often take time away from public duties during summer and spend time away. And despite Prince Harry and Meghan reportedly turning down the Queen's offer in 2019, Her Majesty has reportedly extended an invite to the pair and their children, Archie, three, and Lilibet, one, to join her at Balmoral this summer. The couple spent time with the Queen during her Platinum Jubilee celebrations in June, where they introduced Lilibet to the monarch for the first time. Prince Harry would often visit Balmoral as a child, with the estate being where he and Prince William heard the tragic news that his mother, Princess Diana, had died in August 1997 following a car crash in Paris. But since marrying Harry, Meghan has only managed to make one visit to Balmoral in 2018, a few months after the wedding. The couple were expected to join the Queen the following year with their son Archie, along with the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and their children. However, they made alternative plans as author Tom Bower claimed they felt Archie was "too young at three months to travel by plane to Scotland". Bower made the claims in his explosive new book, Revenge, that has been making headlines. READ MORE: Royal Family 'preparing' for Archie and Lilibet's return to UK After shunning the invitation, the Sussexes reportedly took Archie on his first summer holiday to Ibiza, despite claims the pair felt Archie was too young to fly. According to the Mirror, Reports in Spanish publications claimed Meghan, Harry and Archie flew to the Balearic island on a private plane and were accompanied by their normal security team. It then later emerged they also travelled to Nice afterwards for a short trip, where they stayed at Elton John's private villa. Harry and Meghan's supposed invitation to Balmoral may come as a surprise to some fans, with the Queen having only met Lilibet once since she was born. DON'T MISS:Horror as police cordon off road as forensics on scene [PICTURES]Dover-Folkestone queues: Bitter Brexit taunts torn apart  [COMMENT]Tragedy as elderly married couple die in horror crash [INSIGHT]  The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have had just a handful of meetings with the Queen since their move to California in 2020. In April, Harry visited his beloved grandmother in a secret visit as he travelled to the Netherlands for the Invictus Gamess. Reports also claimed the Queen's meeting with Lilibet in June was brief - lasting around 15 minutes.  