British defence forces revealed the exact city the Russian despot is likely to target with his “failing” war machine. The MoD said Russian forces have been slowly advancing westwards following shelling and probing assaults towards the town of Siversk in Ukraine's Donetsk region from Lysychansk.  They said Bakhmut was likely to be next. In a regular bulletin on Twitter, a statement said: “In the Donbas, Russian and pro-Russian Luhansk People’s Republic separatist forces claim to have entered the outskirts of Siversk. “This has not been corroborated, however, Russian forces have been slowly advancing westwards following shelling and probing assaults towards Siversk from Lysychansk to open a pathway onward to Sloviansk and Kramatorsk. Bakhmut is likely to be the next objective, once Siversk is secured.”  The MoD also revealed Russia has been “failing to successfully engage in tactical battle” after two Russian fighter jets failed to hit Snake Island. They wrote: “Since withdrawing from the strategically located Snake Island on June 30, 2022, Russia has been attempting to deny its use by Ukraine. However, on July 13, 2022 airstrikes by two Su-27 Russian fighter jets failed to hit the island. “This follows the pattern of Russian aureoles forces failing to successfully engage in tactical battle.”  READ MORE: UK exporting RECORD energy to France despite own facing own crisis It comes after Russian missiles struck a Ukrainian city far behind the frontlines in an attack Kyiv officials said killed at least 23 people. Ukraine said Thursday's strike on Vinnytsia, a city of 370,000 people about 200 km (125 miles) southwest of the capital Kyiv, had been carried out with Kalibr cruise missiles launched from a Russian submarine in the Black Sea. President Volodymyr Zelensky called Russia a "terrorist" state, and urged more sanctions against the Kremlin as the death toll in Vinnytsia could rise.  DON'T MISS Ukraine LIVE: Putin's horror on front lines exposed [INFO]Horror as Russia accused of using ‘stolen Western weapons’ [INSIGHT]Russia’s version of McDonald’s out of fries [REVEALED] Speaking in a video address, he said: “Unfortunately, this is not the final number. Debris clearance continues. Dozens of people are reported missing. "There are seriously injured (people) among those hospitalised.” President Zelensky told an international conference aimed at prosecuting war crimes in Ukraine that the attack had been mounted on "an ordinary, peaceful city".  He said: “No other state in the world poses such a terrorist threat as Russia.” Russia reiterated that it does not target civilians in what it calls its "special military operation" in Ukraine, and said its attack struck a military training facility. Vinnytsia hosts the command headquarters of the Ukrainian Air Force, a target which Russia used cruise missiles to try to hit in March, the Ukrainian air force said at the time. Ukraine's state emergency service said three children, including a four-year-old girl named Lisa, were killed in Thursday's attack. Another 71 people were hospitalised and 29 others were missing. It posted a photograph on its Telegram channel of a toy kitten, a toy dog and flowers lying in the grass with the caption: “The little girl Lisa, killed by the Russians today, has become a ray of sunshine”.