Barcelona are ready to leave Frenkie de Jong out of their squad for their pre-season tour if he turns down a move to Manchester United, it has been claimed. The Netherlands international is Erik ten Hag’s top target at Old Trafford. However, there’s still no guarantee a move will take place. Manchester United have finally agreed a fee with Barcelona for De Jong. But with the midfielder happy at the Nou Camp, it’s still uncertain whether or not he’ll make the move to Old Trafford. Now, Catalan newspaper Sport have claimed De Jong will potentially be left out of Barcelona’s squad for their upcoming pre-season tour if he chooses to stay put. The European giants feel De Jong simply ‘must’ accept the offer ‘yes or yes’ due to their desire to get him off the books for financial reasons. De Jong feels like he is ‘between a rock and a hard place’ after he was informed of this development. Man Utd transfers: The mouthwatering XI to tackle Brighton with 5 new signings Barcelona plan on using the money to register signings such as Andreas Christensen and Franck Kessie, as well as going on the renewal of Sergi Roberto. And De Jong isn’t the only player who may leave the club, either. Former United star Memphis Depay may now be cut loose after Barcelona agreed to sign Raphinha from Leeds, rocking Chelsea and Arsenal in the process. The Netherlands international only joined last summer but struggled for consistency throughout his first year at the Nou Camp. And Depay is currently on Tottenham’s radar, amid suggestions a deal can be struck for in the region of £17million. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Man Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leave Man Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong With Barcelona’s need to sell only growing, it seems just a matter of time before De Jong makes the move to the Premier League. And that will be huge news for Ten Hag, with the Dutchman seeing his compatriot as key to his plans at Old Trafford. De Jong isn’t the only player United are working to sign, either. They’re confident they’ll be able to soon unveil Christian Eriksen, who is poised to join after his Brentford contract expired. United have agreed a fee with Ajax for Lisandro Martinez, who had previously been a transfer target for Arsenal. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. And the Red Devils are hopeful of landing Antony, though that deal doesn’t appear likely given Ajax’s huge £70million asking price. De Jong, should he move to United, could take the No 21 shirt. That’s the number he usually wears for the Netherlands national team, and is also the one he donned at Ajax. The number is currently free, too, following the departure of Edinson Cavani - whose contract recently expired. Meanwhile, if United are rejected by De Jong, talkSPORT’s Alex Crook has revealed Ruben Neves and Youri Tielemans are both alternatives. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here He said: “I think they should probably walk away sooner, to be honest, bearing in mind the first contact between Manchester United and Barcelona was the middle of May – we are almost in the middle of July. “This is a ridiculous situation. It has been a saga for too long. Either it’s going to happen or it’s not. “I know Manchester United have a back-up list. Youri Tielemans is on that list, as I understand it, as is Ruben Neves from Wolves. “I would call Barcelona’s bluff now and say ‘either you sell him to us, or we will pay the same money and sign Ruben Neves’. “He’s a player who is proven in the Premier League.”