The Duke and Duchess of Sussex announced their deal with Netflix in September 2020 but have yet to release any content. The exact details of the deal have not been disclosed but several reports have suggested it could be worth in excess of $100million (£72million). Royal commentator Jonathan Sacerdoti said Netflix should "reconsider the whole idea". He told Geo News: "With Netflix losing subscribers as fast as it is, perhaps they might reconsider the whole idea of making and broadcasting the Meghan and Harry programme after all. "After all, we know what’s been going on in their lives because they’ve hardly been low-key about all of it. "It’ll be like the official version of history according to the couple, so will probably be tweaked and edited to present their preferred version of events. "Everything we’re seeing now in the run-up to it feels like a behind-the-scenes film before the main show even happens." Announcing their deal with the streaming platform in 2020, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex said their "focus will be on creating content that informs but also gives hope." In a statement, they said: "Our lives, both independent of each other, and as a couple have allowed us to understand the power of the human spirit: of courage, resilience, and the need for connection. "Through our work with diverse communities and their environments, to shining a light on people and causes around the world, our focus will be on creating content that informs but also gives hope. "As new parents, making inspirational family programming is also important to us, as is powerful storytelling through a truthful and relatable lens. READ MORE: Meghan biographer set to unveil 'royal revelations' with NEW book "We are pleased to work with Ted and the team at Netflix whose unprecedented reach will help us share impactful content that unlocks action." Meghan and Harry were previously criticised by royal commentator Angela Levin for failing to produce any content. Hitting out at their deal with Netflix, she said: "Not only a disaster but the fact that it was announced last July and apparently there's still nothing to show for it. "Being a royal opens every door for you but if you leave you can't just take the money you have to do some work." This came after Netflix pulled the plug on Meghan Markle's Pearl - a feminist cartoon about a young girl learning about influential women throughout history. The series was announced last Summer, with Meghan saying: "Like many girls her age, our heroine Pearl is on a journey of self-discovery as she tries to overcome life’s daily challenges. "I’m thrilled that Archewell Productions, partnered with the powerhouse platform of Netflix and these incredible producers, will together bring you this new animated series, which celebrates extraordinary women throughout history. "David Furnish and I have been eager to bring this special series to light, and I am delighted we are able to announce it today." The reported cutbacks to Netflix's output come after it was revealed that the streaming platform lost 200,000 subscribers in the first three months of the year.