It is no secret that the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) has designs on the democratic island of Taiwan. Nor is it a secret that the US supports Taiwan’s sovereignty, if not full-blown independence, with the US President having recently said his country would respond militarily should China invade. Now a trip planned by Speaker of the US House of Representatives – Nancy Pelosi – risks a full-scale diplomatic crisis, and perhaps even a military one, with Beijing warning against the visit and top brass in the Pentagon eyeing the situation nervously. These Chinese warnings are significantly stronger than threats Beijing has made in the past. China has also publicly threatened “strong measures” if Pelosi proceeds. The CCP’s private rhetoric even indicates a possible military response. There are fears the People’s Liberation Army (PLA) could try to block Pelosi from landing in Taiwan using fighter jets to intercept her military aircraft. Be under no illusion, such action has the potential to turn a diplomatic scuffle into a geopolitical crisis, accelerating by several years the timeframe for a conflict between the two powers over Taiwan. Pelosi would be the most senior American politician to visit Taiwan since Newt Gingrich in 1997, when the Republican served in the same role. The timing of Pelosi’s visit is interesting - the same month as the anniversary of the founding of China’ People’s Liberation Army, a fact likely to make the CCP even more sensitive. According to reports, US National Security Adviser Jake Sullivan and other National Security Council officials oppose the trip because of the risk of escalating tension. The US ambassador to China abruptly cut short a visit to Washington this week and returned to Beijing. The Pentagon briefed Pelosi on potential scenarios should she travel to Taiwan, after which President Joe Biden told reporters “the military thinks it’s not a good idea right now”. This all comes, by the way, as General Mark Milley - Chairman of the US Joint Chiefs of Staff - said a Chinese attack on Taiwan is not imminent but that Beijing is developing the capability to attack at some point. Crucially, for a political organisation obsessed with saving face, the CCP will find it very difficult not to retaliate in the strongest terms if Pelosi goes ahead. This will send a message not just to Taiwan but to its own citizens. It is the CCP and leader Xi Jinping – set to be installed for a historic third term later this year – which have the most to lose from backing down now, however much they may try a spin a climbdown to the Chinese people. If, however, the US backs down it could also convey an image of extreme weakness and send a signal that Chinese intimidation works, something likely to damage American prestige among regional allies. Indeed, Washington’s biggest ally in the region, Japan – also China’s biggest regional rival alongside India - recently warned that Russia’s invasion of Ukraine could set a precedent for China in Taiwan. Tokyo would perceive any climbdown by Washington as an extremely ominous sign given the threats to Taiwan. In the last few weeks alone, China has claimed sovereignty over the stretch of water – the Taiwan Strait - which separates Taiwan from the Mainland, something which could also create the conditions for conflict if the US Navy sails through the Strait. Meanwhile, Xi Jinping recently signed orders announcing trials of all “military operations other than war”, language which sounds very much like that used by the Kremlin before the invasion of Ukraine. Whoever made the decision for Pelosi to head to Taiwan, it is now going to take some very fancy footwork on both sides to dial down the temperature. While neither side can afford to lose face, this latest diplomatic row is yet a further reminder that the slightest misunderstanding or miscommunication now has the potential to spark major military conflict in Asia.