The now Duchess of Sussex vocally supported over the years Emma Watson's HeForShe initiative - a campaign launched in 2014 by the actress to support gender equality. To support the cause, Meghan - when she was one of the stars of the TV series Suits - took part in a meeting in London addressed by Ms Watson. Now, investigative journalist Tom Bower has claimed in an upcoming biography focused on the Duchess titled "Revenge: Meghan, Harry and the War Between the Windsors" that Meghan had asked to meet the fellow actress after the event - but her request was rebuffed. In an extract from his book published by The Times, Mr Bower wrote: "During a trip to London she went to a small meeting addressed by Emma Watson, her hero and role model. "At the end, she asked to meet Watson. "The actress rejected the request. The snub was mortifying. "Watson’s rebuff was not mentioned when Meghan described her UN role in The Tig. "'I was in London', she wrote to her followers, 'to support Emma Watson in her HeForShe Initiative for UN Women'." Express.co.uk has contacted representatives for the Duke and Duchess of Sussex at Archewell for comment. Mr Bower quoted a post from The Tig in which Meghan also spoke about her role as UN Women Advocate for Women’s Leadership & Political Participation and the powerful speech she delivered in the presence of UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon among others. READ MORE: Prince Harry planned to ‘rewrite Palace rulebook’ - author claims In another blog post, dating back to 2014, the now Duchess had already spoken about Ms Watson and her HeForShe initiative. In her article, Meghan described it as an "incredible honour" being present at the United Nations Headquarters for the launch event of HeForShe. She also recalled how she sat "directly across from UN Women Global Goodwill Ambassador, Emma Watson, as she delivered an inimitable speech on feminism." Meghan and Ms Watson met again in October 2016, at the summit held in Ottawa, Canada, by One Young World, an organisation identifying, connecting and promoting young leaders. Meghan served as a counsellor at two One Young World summits, in 2014 and 2016. After joining the Royal Family, Meghan retained her links with One Young World and attended the 2019 summit held in London. Moreover, that year The Queen's Commonwealth Trust - of which she was Vice President during her time as a working royal - partnered up with the organisation, bringing 53 leaders from each nation within the Commonwealth to the event. After joining the Royal Family, Meghan also continued with her work on female empowerment. A few months after her nuptials to Prince Harry, it was announced she had become the patron of Smart Works, an organisation providing help to women who want to rejoin the job market. This partnership has remained strong even after the Duke and Duchess stepped down as working royals in the spring of 2020. Last August, to mark her 40th birthday, Meghan launched the 40x40 initiative, which invited her friends and people around the world to dedicate 40 minutes of their time to mentor a woman trying to get back into work following the devastating effect the coronavirus pandemic has had on the job market. Explaining the importance of mentorship, she mentioned Smart Works as one of the partners of her birthday initiative. Smart Works was also one of the associations receiving non-profit investments from the Archewell Foundation - Meghan and Harry's non-profit organisation - in March, to mark Women's History Month. Archewell was launched in late 2020, a few months after the Sussexes bowed out of the Firm as full-time working royals. It includes a foundation as well as audio and video production powerhouses.