Sky Sports F1 pundit Paul Di Resta has claimed that Lewis Hamilton will not retire before reaching a milestone he came close to achieving at the French Grand Prix. The Mercedes driver became the sixth man to reach 300 races in F1 with his second-place finish on Sunday. Commentator David Croft was explaining how Hamilton could become the first driver to claim a victory after taking part in 300 races, as Kimi Raikkonen, Fernando Alonso, Rubens Barrichello, Michael Schumacher and Jenson Button all failed to win after joining the exclusive 300 club. Croft claimed that if there is one man to break that record, it would be Hamilton. “I was just going to say he will,” Di Resta commented during Sky Sports' coverage of the French GP. “He absolutely will and he will hang about until he does do that. He has not got the car at the moment to win Grands Prix consecutively each weekend, but he deserves to and there’s no point of him slowing [down]. “He is definitely one of the best still in the business and he is quietly sitting there to race the likes of [Max] Verstappen, [Charles] Leclerc, as he was last year at the front trying to win that eighth world title.” READ MORE: Hamilton sends message to Verstappen and Leclerc after podium Mercedes chief Toto Wolff recently revealed he held talks with Hamilton regarding the Brit’s future and possible retirement. “We talked a few weeks ago about how long a partnership can go and the figure discussed was about five to ten years,” Wolff admitted. “So I think we can go to 400 [races]. Someone said you have to win the eighth [world title], so why not ten?" Earlier in the year Hamilton lifted the lid on his plans to retire. “If there's ever a point that I feel that I don't want to commit the time or the effort,” Hamilton said. “The mental time and energy that it takes, that will be the time for me to stop. I don't plan to be here till I'm 40. I hope I have something else exciting to do beyond but regardless, no matter what time I stop, I'm going to miss this sport.” DON'T MISSMax Verstappen reacts to beating Lewis Hamilton and George Russell [INSIGHT]Toto Wolff twice shuts down George Russell in unusual move  [COMMENT]Charles Leclerc screams down team radio as Ferrari star crashes out [ANALYSIS] Hamilton was not able to become the first member of the 300 club to win a race after joining on his first attempt, but he did secure his best finish of the season at Paul Ricard as runner-up. McLaren driver Lando Norris also revealed how the seven-time world champion has been influencing the younger drivers in the paddock. “He [Hamilton] is well-liked,” Norris told The Guardian. “He is a nice person, he seems always to want to help the Brits and the young drivers. He does give advice with little things, asks what I am planning. "He has been through everything so he knows what teams try to get out of you and what you should get out of teams. It’s small things but he is always willing to help.”