Millions of Britons depend on state benefits like Universal Credit and PIP either because they are looking for work or to top up a low income. Yet, £15billion is unclaimed in DWP benefits every year according to poverty charity Turn2Us. The earnings threshold is different for each person depending on personal circumstances like whether they have children living at home. Money saving expert founder Martin Lewis urges anyone earning £30,000 or less to do a 10 minute benefits check. On a recent Money Show, Martin told viewers: “It’s a tough time for many people’s pockets as we know, yet up to seven million of you are missing out on benefits and state help that you are entitled to. “And don’t think ‘it’s not me’, the benefits web can stretch as high as some people with £50,000 of family income.” DON'T MISSGrandparents urged 'reduce your bill' as inheritance tax rises [WARNING]Ice cream startup worth £86million after Dragons Den rejection [INSIGHT]Savings: Brits lose £1,000 as inflation rises and rates remain low [ALERT]Impressive savings’: Millions of Britons could save £130 a month [INSIGHT]   People who have reached state pension age won’t qualify for Universal Credit but should instead check their entitlement to other state benefits. They could qualify for pension credit if they earn less than £187 a week or Attendance Allowance if they have a disability or health condition. Nearly one million pensioners (850,000) are missing out on pension credit while a staggering 3.4 million people are losing out on attendance allowance. These DWP benefits also enable people to claim a free TV licence (if they are also 75 or over) and hundreds of pounds towards energy bills. Other DWP benefits to check for: The quickest way to find out if someone could benefit from financial assistance is to use an online benefits calculator. These are independent and should check all benefits available. People can choose from benefits calculators on Entitled To, Turn2Us and Policy in Practice. However, it’s also advisable to speak to someone at the local Jobcentre, Citizen’s Advice or Age UK.