Boris Johnson may have lost the confidence of his senior Conservative party backers but amongst a substantial section of rank and file Tory members, the outgoing Prime Minister appears to retain strong loyalties. From Cheshire, Sky News Australia's Katerina Vittozzi has reported: "Although Boris Johnson's cabinet deserted him, he still has huge grassroots support." Conservative voter Fred Challinor told Sky News Australia: "I mean, I'm a Boris fan. I voted for Boris not so much for the Tory party. "I like Boris and I thought he had vision, he made the right decisions in the right places at the right time. "However, he's been a bit silly ain't he, I mean, I'd like to see you he nominates for the leadership, I'll go with that." "At the moment, I don't know what's going to happen."  "The problem that I have now is who is the to take over? Who knows? Because to me, a lot of the politicians are tarred with the same brush," added another tory voter Lynda Brenner. She told Sky News Australia: "They get to a certain limit and forget about us down there and do what they want to do. Lynda's husband Ken added: "Of course, every prime minister should be strong, I feel that will be a good government come out of this. "England will survive because we fight, we are fighters, we are British!" It comes as more Tory MPs have declared their allegiances in what is gearing up to be a fierce race for the top job, as a Cabinet minister previously tipped to be a front-runner has ruled himself out of the contest. So far ministers past and present have thrown their hats into the ring, but Defence Secretary Ben Wallace has announced that after "careful consideration" and discussion with colleagues and family, he will not be running to be leader and the next prime minister. Former chancellor Rishi Sunak, Attorney General Suella Braverman, ex-minister Kemi Badenoch and senior Tory Tom Tugendhat have all launched their bids with further announcements anticipated over the coming days. Foreign Secretary Liz Truss is widely expected to stand, while other potential front-runners include trade minister Penny Mordaunt, Chancellor Nadhim Zahawi, and former health secretaries Sajid Javid and Jeremy Hunt. Don't miss:Keir Starmer and Angela Rayner cleared of Beergate [REVEAL]How does the Tory leadership contest work? Schedule in full [EXPLAINED]John Curtice pinpoints substantial challenge ahead of Tory leader vote [INSIGHT] In a statement on social media, Mr Wallace said: "After careful consideration and discussing with colleagues and family, I have taken the decision not to enter the contest for leadership of the Conservative Party. "I am very grateful to all my parliamentary colleagues and wider members who have pledged support. "It has not been an easy choice to make, but my focus is on my current job and keeping this great country safe. "I wish the very best of luck to all candidates and hope we swiftly return to focusing on the issues that we are all elected to address."