Game of Thrones prequel series House of the Dragon has a worthy and large ensemble cast to match the original HBO fantasy drama. Set 200 years before the events of Game of Thrones, there won’t be any overlap between the characters but again has many characters to contend with. Here’s a look at the cast of House of the Dragon - and where you may have seen them before. Princess Rhaenyra Targaryen - Emma D’Arcy Taking on the role of the king’s eldest child is Emma D’Arcy as Princess Rhaenyra Targaryen, who is described as being born with everything except for being a man. D’Arcy is most recognisable for her roles in Amazon Prime Video’s Truth Seekers, Hanna and Wanderlust. Prince Daemon Targaryen - Matt Smith Matt Smith will be playing the antagonistic Prince Daemon Targaryen, the warrior brother to the king and a dragonrider who is something of a mercurial liability. Smith is of course known for his turns as the 11th Time Lord in Doctor Who as well as starring as a young Prince Philip in seasons one and two of The Crown. READ MORE: Game of Thrones House of the Dragon release date, trailer, cast King Viserys Targaryen - Paddy Considine Portraying the noble monarch sitting on the Iron Throne is Paddy Considine as King Viserys Targaryen, who will be trying to contend with his children and brother as he tries to assure his legacy and succession. Considine has starred across film and television from taking the lead in The Suspicions of Mr Whicher to a villainous priest in Peaky Blinders to teaming up with Shane Meadows on Dead Man’s Shoes. He’s more recently appeared in The Third Day, Informer, The Outsider, and How to Build a Girl. Otto Hightower - Rhys Ifans Rhys Ifans plays the Hand of the King, Otto Hightower and will be trying to see off threats to the realm including those from Daemon. Ifans’ biggest roles to date include The Amazing Spider-Man, Notting Hill, Anonymous, Elementary, and Temple. READ MORE: Game of Thrones prequel cast: Who is King Viserys Targaryen? Alicent Hightower - Olivia Cooke Olivia Cooke portrays Ser Otto’s daughter Alicent Hightower who was raised in court and has a keen political acumen. Cooke has appeared in Ready Player One, Bates Motel, ITV’s Vanity Fair, Apple TV’s Slow Horses and movie The Limehouse Golem. Lord Corlys Velaryon ‘The Sea Snake’ - Steve Toussaint Steve Toussaint is Lord Corlys Velaryon, also known as ‘The Sea Snake’, who is the lord of House Velaryon - a Valyrian bloodline old enough to rival House Targaryen and riches beyond House Lannister with a powerful navy to match. Toussaint’s previous roles include In the Long Run, It’s A Sin, Lewis, Scott & Bailey, and Deep Water. DON'T MISS...Game of Thrones star explains why they won't return to HBO franchise [INTERVIEW]Game of Thrones: Why did Cersei Lannister sleep with Lancel? [EXPLAINER]Game of Thrones sex and nudity by numbers [INSIGHT] Princess Rhaenys Targaryen - Eve Best Eve Best wears the mantle of Princess Rhaenys Targaryen, wife of Lord Corlys Velaryon, who was passed over as the heir to the Iron Throne because the realm preferred her cousin Viserys because he was male. Best has starred in Nurse Jackie, Lucky Man on Sky, Netflix’s Fate: The Winx Saga, and The Honourable Woman, among many other credits. Ser Criston Cole - Fabian Frankel Fabian Frankel plays the Dornish-born commoner Ser Criston Cole, who has no claim to land or titles but has excellent swordsmanship. Newcomer Frankel has previously starred in BBC drama The Serpent as well as in Last Christmas opposite Game of Thrones actress Emilia Clarke and An Uncandid Portrait. Mysaria - Sonoya Mizuno Rounding off the main cast is Mysaria, who was a slave when she came to Westeros but has somehow become an unlikely ally to Prince Daemon. Japanese actress Mizuno has appeared in Ex Machina, La La Land, Netflix’s mini series Maniac, Crazy Rich Asians, and TV series Devs. Ser Harrold Westerling - Graham McTavish Graham McTavish will be starring as Ser Harrold, who is a knight and part of the Kingsguard since the reign of King Jaehaerys and is a man of honour. McTavish is also known for his roles in Outlander, The Witcher, and The Hobbit films as well as lending his voice to Castlevania and fronting factual series Men In Kilts with Sam Heughan. Here is a list of other cast members from House of the Dragon: House of the Dragon will air on HBO and Sky Atlantic on August 21