The full basic state pension is £141.85 per week, available to men born before April 6, 1951 and women born before April 6, 1953. Those born later than this will need to claim the new state pension, with the full amount worth £185.15 per week. However, some are disgruntled about the difference between the two sums, and have said change is needed. A petition posted on the official Parliament website has called for the Government to “increase the basic state pension to align with the new state pension”. The petition states: “The Government should increase the basic state pension to match the new state pension. “I don’t think it’s very fair to have a two tier system, especially when it increases in percentage terms, and so gets even further apart. READ MORE: 30-year ‘secret tax grab’ continues as ‘potent weapon' lives on “The older pensioners have paid in more over their lifetime and have never taken anything out of the system as this option was not available then. “This could also cut down on administration staff by no longer having to do means testing. “Also many older people don’t have much in the way of savings as the wages were low and no employer-pension schemes were available.” At the time of writing, the petition has garnered 94 signatures, which means it falls significantly short of the support it needs to progress further. DON'T MISSHSBC offers £170 in ‘free cash’ to savers - days left to benefit [INSIGHT]Inheritance warning: Britons face ‘nasty surprise’ in retirement [ANALYSIS]NHS nurse, 58, horrified after cruel scam lost her £45,000 [WARNING] Petitions posted on the Parliament website all run for six months. In this time, they will need 10,000 signatures at the least to trigger an official Government response. If a Parliament petition receives 100,000 signatures, the matter is considered for debate in the Commons. This particular petition has a deadline of October 26, 2022. READ MORE: PIP claimants need to report changes or get taken to court A number of Express.co.uk readers have recently made their feelings known on the distinction between the basic and new state pensions. Trig wrote: “I worked, I will still have to pay the same bills in times of crisis.” Laurie366 said: “Introducing two levels of state pension was a BIG mistake. “It is way past the time this needs to be rectified.” Chico7 stated: “There should NOT be two layers of pension payments - we all have the same bills to pay. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea “The thing is, the differential will grow every year. Shocking!!” While 1down1across remarked: “I get the new pension, but it’s unfair to the lower pension recipients. “It may have been worth something in the past, but with prices rises over the years and more recently, they still have to pay the same price as the new pensions for food, petrol, gas, electricity, taxes. Disgraceful!” For now, the distinction between the basic and the new state pension remains. However, petition signatories are hopeful this will change in the near future. A DWP spokesperson told Express.co.uk: "This year we will spend over £110billion on the state pension. The full yearly amount of the basic state pension is over £2,300 higher than in 2010 and the vast majority of people in receipt of it also get additional income from either an occupational/private pension, if they were contracted out, or the Additional state pension – and many get a combination of the two.”