The Russian President has been exploiting Europe's dependence on his country's flows of gas. Russian natural gas exports via the Nord Stream 1 pipeline to Germany are due to restart tomorrow after 10 days of maintenance work. Sources say Nord Stream is expected to resume as scheduled, but at reduced capacity. Putin told reporters today the capacity of Nord Stream 1 could be reduced because of problems with other pumping units, one of which would need to be sent for maintenance on July 26. He said Russian energy giant Gazprom was ready to fulfil its gas export obligations. The Russian dictator also hinted he might try to pressurize Germany and Europe into operating the Nord Stream 2 pipeline put on hold since the invasion of Ukraine.  Putin made the comments on the side-lines of a meeting with Iranian President Ebrahim Raisi and Turkish leader Recep Tayyip Erdogan in Tehran. Russia's leader said: "We still have a finished line - Nord Stream 2. We can put that into operation." His comments came after Gazprom cut exports through Nord Stream 1 to 40 percent of capacity in June, blaming delays in the return of a turbine Siemens Energy was servicing in Canada. Ottawa had banned the equipment's return as a response to sanctions imposed over Russia's invasion.  READ MORE ABOUT A LOTTERY WINNER SCOOPING £195MILLION Berlin pushed for the turbine to be delivered, arguing it was exempt from EU sanctions because they were not directed against the transportation of gas. Putin's comments suggest he could order the shut down of Nord Stream 1 to ramp up pressure on the EU to open Nord Stream 2. European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen said today a full cut-off of Russian gas flows to Europe is "a likely scenario". She said: "Russia is blackmailing us. Russia is using energy as a weapon. And therefore, in any event, whether it's a partial, major cut-off of Russian gas or a total cut-off of Russian gas, Europe needs to be ready."  DON'T MISS: Angry Tesco shoppers sign petition complaining about self-service till [REPORT]  'So sad!' Fears erupt after Prince Harry's 'strange' apperance [REVEALED] 'I am coming towards end' Charles braces for huge royal title change [LATEST] The EU laid out emergency plans for countries to cut their gas use by 15 percent until March, warning that without deep cuts now they could struggle for fuel during winter if Russia cuts off supplies. Europe is racing to fill its gas storage ahead of winter and build a buffer in case Moscow further restricts supplies in retaliation for European support for Ukraine.  A dozen EU countries are already facing reduced Russian deliveries. The International Monetary Fund last week warned a Russian gas cut could plunge European economies into recession, heightening a gas crisis which has sent people's bills soaring. Moscow supplied 40 percent of the EU's gas before its invasion of Ukraine, but flows to Europe from Russia have fallen below 30 percent of the 2016-2021 average. Brussels suggested measures governments can take to curb gas use, including auctions for compensation to industries which cut gas use and limits on heating and cooling temperatures in public buildings.  Governments should also decide the order in which they would force industries to close in a supply emergency. Households are classed as "protected consumers" under EU rules so would be shielded from such curbs. Additional reporting by Monika Pallenberg 