Helen Skelton addressed the struggles of being a single parent to three children and admittedly suffered from "mum guilt". The Countryfile presenter's admission comes after she announced her separation from her husband Richie Myler in April after eight years of marriage. Since the couple's split, Helen, 39, has had to adjust to life and said she enlists the help of her own mum a lot of the time. The Countryfile presenter is a proud mum to three young children – Ernie, seven, Louis, five, and six-month-old daughter Elsie – who she shares with ex-husband Richie. The on-screen star has a number of jobs and is often busy filming TV projects so needs her own family to step in and help with the children. She recently filmed the Channel 5 series Summer on the Farm, but Helen is determined not to hire full-time childcare so she can spend as much time with her brood as possible. READ MORE: Liz Hurley strips down to yellow bikini in UK heatwave The TV star admitted it's "hard to split yourself three ways" as she opened up about her home life. "Life is a bit crazy with three children and I'm not going to lie, getting the kids to school is just chaos. It's hard to split yourself three ways," Helen explained. "My work is unpredictable, it can be five days one week, then random days the next," she shared. The presenter added to HELLO! Magazine: "I don't want to commit to childcare as if I'm off I want to be with the kids, so my mum comes to stay when I'm working." The TV star said she needed the support of a village before adding the feeling of mum guilt can be "suffocating". Her comments come just three months after the Countryfile presenter announced she had split from husband Richie, 32. At the time of their separation, Helen confirmed he had left their family home. She wrote: “Very sad to say that Richie and I are no longer a couple. DON'T MISS... Brad Pitt, 58, puts on playful display at Bullet Train premiere[LATEST]Liz Hurley strips down to yellow bikini in UK heatwave[PICTURES]Naga Munchetty replaced on BBC as host urged to 'call' presenter[TV] “He has left the family home." “We will be doing our best to co parent our small children,” she added with broken heart emojis. Helen and Richie married in 2013 and the news of their split came just weeks after the arrival of their third child. During her recent appearance on Lorraine this month, Helen was asked about her personal issues but avoided addressing the marriage breakdown, instead focusing on her juggling the children. "It’s uncharacteristically calm around here this morning – because I’m working this week, my mum has come to stay for the week, she doesn’t leave near, so she’s got the kids off to school,’ she told the host. "It’s the same drill every day and yet somehow it’s still chaos!" She added: "Mum’s in control but she forgot to put her granny magic onto the dog there, sorry!" After reassuring her it was fine, Lorraine replied: "It’s great that you’ve got that support and you’ve got that back up so you can go and do what you do best." 