According to police, the shooting took place on Thursday evening as officers responded to a ShotSpotter notification at 6:20pm (23:20 BST). The location of the shooting was near a Bodega in the 200 block of Clinton Place and the shots reportedly came from a stolen SUV. Newark Acting Public Safety Director Raul Malave told NJ.com: “Four adult victims and one juvenile [17 years old] arrived at Newark Beth Israel Medical Center for treatment of gunshot injuries." The five victims were able to get themselves to the medical centre while the other victims were taken by the Emergency Services.   Mr Malave said: “Four other adult victims were transported to University Hospital for treatment of gunshot injuries.” The Director added that the injuries are non-life-threatening. No arrests have been made and detectives are working to understand the motive for the incident. Acting Attorney General of New Jersey Matthew J Platkin tweeted: “We are working closely with Newark New Jersey Police and New Jersey State Police to find those responsible for the senseless shooting that wounded 9 victims in Newark tonight.   “We are committed to ending the epidemic of gun violence in our communities.” Newark’s Acting Public Safety Director has announced that the police are searching for a stolen vehicle connected to the shooting. Mr Malave said: “We do have a vehicle that is of interest at this point. READ MORE: London is UK’s carjacking capital with more than two incidents a day “It’s a white Honda Pilot stolen out of Jersey City, and we’re following that lead.” Police officials have stated that they are retrieving CCTV footage from local homes and businesses. They are also investigating if the perpetrator was a lone gunman or multiple people engaged in a gun fight. DON'T MISS: Covid symptoms: The ‘early’ sign spotted in 82% of patients (INSIGHT)Cliff Richard: Star's 3 tips for healthy ageing (REVEAL)Putin threatens response 'in kind' if NATO deploy troops (INSIGHT) People have taken to social media to share their thoughts on what is the 296th mass shooting in the US this year, according to the Gun Violence Archive. Governor of New Jersey Phil Murphy is yet to make a statement about the incident, but he was vocal in his criticism of the recent Supreme Court ruling over gun laws in New York. With over 5,000 New Jersey residents being killed in the past 10 years due to gun violence, Governor Murphy said: “Yesterday’s Supreme Court decision, in addition to making a mockery of the recent tragedies in Uvalde and Buffalo, severely undermines the efforts of individual states to protect their residents from gun violence.” He added: “Now more than ever, the onus is on us to pass common sense gun safety reform that will benefit every child, parent, and first responder who calls New Jersey their home.”