International Trade Secretary Anne-Marie Trevelyan said the two nations are technology superpowers but are trading on terms drawn up before the invention of the smartphone. The current deal only covers goods but the new pact will include services such as insurance and technology. Ms Trevelyan met Israel’s ambassador to the UK Tzipi Hotovely to launch the negotiations in London on Wednesday. She said: “The UK and Israel are both modern, hi-tech services superpowers, but our current trading relationship is based on an agreement from 1995, before smartphones, the internet, and digitally delivered services transformed the global economy. “We want a deal that will play to British strengths, while stimulating innovation and increasing opportunities for small and medium-sized enterprises across the UK. Combining the power of our economies in a revamped trade deal will boost trade, support jobs and help take our economic relationship to the next level.” Trade with Israel is already worth £5 billion a year and it is one fastest growing economies in the world. A new free trade agreement is expected to benefit thousands of businesses, including LEVC’s iconic electric black cabs in Coventry, Tomatin Distillery in Scotland, and Concrete Canvas in Wales.  The trade negotiations follow the signing of a memorandum of understanding between the UK and Israel in November 2021 committing both countries to developing a new “bilateral roadmap” covering cooperation in diplomacy, trade, defence and development along with other areas. Sally Jones, trade strategy partner for services giant EY, said: “This is an opportunity to put services, digital technology and innovation at the heart of the UK and Israel’s already-strong trading relationship. Both the UK and Israel are known for their vibrant tech and fintech sectors, which will both benefit from this new deal. “The UK’s world leading professional and business services sector is an unrivalled ecosystem which boosts competitiveness and facilitates international trade. With the opening-up of new trade and investment opportunities, businesses need to be looking at their trade strategies now to be able to seize these opportunities and drive economic prosperity.” Amanda Tickel, head of tax and trade policy for Deloitte UK, said:“Both the UK and Israel are services-led economies with highly successful tech sectors, yet the existing terms of trade contain only limited provisions in these areas. This negotiation represents an exciting opportunity for UK services exporters, making it easier to trade across borders, to travel and work in each economy and support our digital innovators.” 