According to a Balmoral inside, royal staff had been told to expect Harry and Meghan at the Scottish estate with their children, as part of an olive branch reportedly extended to the couple. Speaking to the Sun, the insider said: "Staff have been told to expect the full list of royals including Harry, Meghan and their children. They are preparing for the Sussexes." But US outlet PageSix reported that the Sussexes have not been invited. The couple is expected to stay in the US ahead of the publication of Harry’s much-anticipated memoir this fall. Royal commentator Phil Dampier said: "It's a snub, but I don't think it's any more or less of a snub than their general attitude in the round to be honest. "I'm sure the Queen did invite them and there is an open invitation, but it doesn't surprise me that they're not going. "If they really wanted to make it up with their families, they would drop Harry's book deal, stop making a fly-on-the-wall documentary, visit Meghan's dad before he dies in Mexico and return to the UK. "There's all sorts of things they could do but they're not doing them which indicates they've made their bed and they want to lie in it. "They're going to carry on making money and doing whatever they perceive is right for them, which is not what's right for either of their families." He claimed that Meghan is unlikely to enjoy a stay at Balmoral, explaining: "It very much revolves around hunting, shooting and fishing which she's vehemently against and has turned Harry against." READ MORE: Meghan fans fume after Duchess savaged over 'staggering arrogance' "She stopped him doing those pleasures he used to have, rightly or wrongly, and I don't think she would want to spend time there at all. "I didn't think Meghan would ever come back to the UK and obviously she came for the Platinum Jubilee, but I think that was more to do with getting a bit of the Queen's stardust magic rubbing off on them and for their Netflix programme rather than any attempt to heal the rift with William, Charles or the rest of the family. "There's nothing in it for them to visit the Queen over the summer." The Queen travelled to Balmoral last Thursday. DON'T MISS: Queen has NEVER lived in most important home due to Princess Beatrice [REVEAL] 'Arrogance and hubris is staggering' Meghan savaged over move to US [REACTION] Queen could 'intervene' to ensure Harry and Meghan visit Balmoral [INSIGHT] She is planning to stay for 10 weeks at Craigowan Lodge. The residence boasts a newly-fitted "wheelchair-friendly" lift to assist with her ongoing mobility problems. Meghan and Harry left the UK in January 2020. They officially stepped back from royal duties in March 2020. They have since lived in California, only returning to the UK as a couple twice since their departure. Last month, the couple returned to the UK for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations.