Serena Williams’ former coach Patrick Mouratoglou believes Nick Kyrgios’ threat with a return-volley had Novak Djokovic ‘scared’ in the Wimbledon final. The Australian started his first major final well and took the first set, but the Serb ultimately fought back. Kyrgios captivated fans around the world during his run to the Wimbledon final, enthralling tennis lovers with spectacularly entertaining wins over Stefanos Tsitsipas and Cristian Garin. However, the 27-year-old fell to Djokovic in an engrossing final as the Serb claimed his 21st Grand Slam title with a 4-6 6-3 6-4 7-6 (7-3) victory. While Kyrgios put in a solid performance against Djokovic, Mouratoglou believes his tactics were all wrong. He has accused the Australian of being too eager to enter long rallies rather than trying to win fast and ‘explosive’ points which seemed to be working for him. Mouratoglou believes Kyrgios’ early play was so impressive it had Djokovic feeling ‘scared’, which was why he double faulted at one stage. Unfortunately, Kyrgios began playing longer points which played into the hands of the fitter Djokovic, according to the 52-year-old. READ MORE: Russell aiming to copy Federer, Nadal and Djokovic to beat Hamilton “I believe, in that final, he accepted to rally too much,” Mouratoglou said of Kyrgios in a video uploaded to his YouTube channel. “He accepted to go into long rallies, to play soft, to wait for the right ball to go which makes sense in general but against Novak in a Grand Slam final, I would think that he would take many more risks, create much more uncertainty, go return-volley much more. “Actually, we saw that Novak hit many more double faults in an important moment because he was scared about Nick going return-volley so I thought he would do it much more. Many more drop shots, coming to the net, taking more risks, hitting the ball much harder and every time he was hitting harder Novak was trying to only put the ball back. “When he was playing at a normal pace, Novak was able to move the ball around and make him work.” DON'T MISSJohn McEnroe wants Emma Raducanu meeting despite Wimbledon criticismNadal dances off injury concerns post-Wimbledon in Ibiza nightclubNovak Djokovic's physio limits his phone time in quest to better Nadal Kyrgios, ranked 40th in the world, has only played a limited number of tournaments since the Covid pandemic started in 2020. He had played only four tournaments in 2022 before committing to the grass-court season which began in June. Speaking about Kyrgios’ fitness, Mouratoglou added: “We also know that Nick’s fitness is not at the highest level because we know that he is not practicing as much as the other guys and he’s kind of playing half time -  he doesn’t play the full schedule. So definitely that’s important for him not to accept, not to go into long rallies and get a bit less of his capital in terms of fitness. “He needs the full fitness capital because he needs to be explosive so shortening the rallies is a key for him, and for me in that match there were much too many long rallies because he accepted to play too soft.”