Their actions have been labelled "abhorrent and discriminatory" and amounted to gross misconduct, a tribunal decided on Friday. The Officers have been named as Pc Sukhdev and Pc Paul Hefford. The two officers worked at Bethnal Green police station in east London, they posted offensive and discriminatory content on a WhatsApp Group in 2018.   After the tribunal decided that the actions amounted to gross misconduct, they were dismissed from the force. The pair was also found to have failed to challenge or report members of the group after receiving the offensive messages. The hearing at the Empress State Building in west London, heard the posts were "discriminatory and serious in nature", included one post comparing Meghan Markle to a "golliwog" toy. Messages from former officer Richard Hammond, a member of the WhatsApp group, were found to be misconduct by the panel. After assessing the seriousness of the behaviour, the culpability and the harm the messages caused, Chairman Maurice Cohen said the panel came to the decision. He said: “Dismissal is the only appropriate action."   He slammed the posts as "highly corrosive and discriminatory" to the public, including those in the local community that the officers had served. He said earlier: "The postings in this group caused serious reputational damage to the Metropolitan Police as a whole." He added: "They were mocking and discriminatory to many sections of society the Metropolitan Police force was meant to be policing. "Bethnal Green is an extremely diverse area." Mr Cohen said that the officers "should have been aware" of their "unacceptable actions". He added: “[They] should have been aware these posts were overtly racist, ableist and sexist.” Pc Jeer was said to be the “most active contributing member” of the group. READ MORE: Ulrika Jonsson, 54, recreates Kendall Jenner's completely NAKED snap   It was heard that in one message, Pc Jeer shared an image of a Golliwog toy captioned "a sneak preview of Meghan's wedding dress." Another message captioned a picture of a young boy in a hoodie as "monkey in a jungle." Another post said: "Everyone is so politically correct these days. "You can’t even say, ‘Black paint,’ you have to say, ‘Tyrone can you please paint that wall?’". Pc Jeer had previously told the hearing he was "not in a good place" and used the language to cope with "issues". Barrister Ben Summers had argued Pc Jeer should not be dismissed "over a handful of inappropriate jokes" and described him as a "long-serving member of the force". He said he should be given warning and called it "an opportunity for learning". DON'T MISS:Queen was blindsided after Meghan and Harry Lilibet call - key detail [REPORT]New Moon horoscope: What to expect from the New Moon in Cancer [INSIGHT]NATO cracks exposed: Call for members to be KICKED OUT [ANALYSIS]  The tribunal heard that PC Hefford had posted a message of two black men lying next to two white women. The photo was captioned: "Girls’ trip to Jamaica. One came back pregnant, the other came back with syphilis. (Just kidding, they’re both still missing.)" Michel Shaw, representing Pc Hefford said the officer found the posts "embarrassing and difficult" and said he had learned a "sad lesson". He added: "Simply sacking him won’t restore public confidence in the Met." Vishal Misra, representing the Met, said: "The panel has found the postings were abhorrent and discriminatory in nature and the damage it has done to public confidence is substantial and far-reaching. He added: "They have shown little by the way of remorse and contrition, minimising and deflecting what had been said to excuse behaviour rather than explain." The news comes as the Met Police was placed under special measures this week following a series of failures. 