Resident Evil is on Netflix now and the TV series is set 14 years after a deadly virus caused an apocalypse. The Wesker family is at the heart of the show, which follows the storyline set in the original games. Simon (played by Connor Gosatti) is a teenage boy who attends the same school as the leading characters, Jade (Ella Balinska/Tamara Smart) and Billie (Adeline Rudolph/Siena Agudong) Wesker. For Australian actor Connor Gosatti, playing Simon was the star's first major role. In the series, Jade and Billie investigate the Umbrella Corporation with the help of Simon. Actor Gosatti spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about how he came to get the job. He said: "It was near the end of 2020 when my agents sent through the audition to me. "I was actually in a time and place where I wanted to take a break from acting as I had found myself burned out from all the years of training I had done. READ MORE: Resident Evil: Who plays Evelyn Marcus? "My team sent through the audition nonetheless and urged me to put a tape down as the project was rather confidential, meaning it had some weight to its name. "I figured ‘why the heck not,' filmed the self-tape and sent it through. "A couple of weeks later I get a call from my agent stating that the production of the show loved my tape, however, they were still looking out for some other actors. "Now in my previous experience, comments like that generally lead to you missing out on the project.  "It wasn’t until a couple of days later though, that I got another call from my agent telling me I got the part. "No callbacks, no trying out for other roles, just a booked role in the series. You could imagine my excitement." The star described his character as "a bit of a rebel with some slight bravado". He added: "He’s also rather intelligent, especially with his knowledge of hacking. "It’s when Jade seeks Simon for his particular skills that he becomes part of the story, and where we also learn more about his family history." DON'T MISS... Resident Evil dealt blow as Netflix series bags unwanted record [INSIGHT] Resident Evil boss exposes Netflix link to original game series [INTERVIEW] Who is Albert Wesker in Resident Evil on Netflix? [EXPLAINER] The star spoke out about being a part of his first major project, saying in the beginning, it was exciting as much as it was intimidating. Sadly, at the end of the series, Simon was infected with the T-virus and was killed by his mother. He said: "I had gone from doing small, local projects in Perth to suddenly being in a foreign country for six months filming a Netflix show. "Although this is something I had been working towards for a very long time, I couldn’t have prepared myself for the amount of responsibility that comes with taking on a project like this. "Especially Resident Evil as it’s a beloved franchise with a huge fan base. "However, this responsibility is what made being a part of this show a huge honour. "I feel incredibly lucky to have had my start here with Netflix." Milla Jovovich is the star of the original films, and the actor said he would love to work with her one day. He said: "I remember Milla Jovovich’s bad*** portrayal of Katinka in Zoolander, and having heard the raving reviews about her performance in the Resident Evil films. "I would jump at the opportunity to work with her." Born and raised in Perth, Connor got into the industry at the age of eight when he began formal acting training after being inspired by his cousin’s performance in a play.  Resident Evil is on Netflix now