Despite rival fans questioning the quality of Darwin Nunez after a mere two pre-season games, Liverpool must offer the striker plenty of time to adapt to life at the club. Especially if he is to fill the void left by Sadio Mane. Jurgen Klopp’s side have been somewhat fortunate that their recent arrivals have slotted into their side so seamlessly. Ibrahima Konate formed a strong partnership with Virgil van Dijk from the get-go, whilst Luis Diaz raised eyebrows with how he took to the Premier League like a duck to water in January. However, given that the Anfield outfit are one of the best in the world and play with an intensity and style that most top clubs would struggle to replicate, that won’t always be the case. This will especially be the case for a player trying to replace a world-class forward, Mane, who has the weight of an £85m price tag on his shoulders. But Liverpool are aware of this and always provided players the chance to gradually get up to speed, with Naby Keita even admitting when he first arrived at the club that he needed time to adjust. He told Liverpool's club magazine in 2018: "I've been told by many people that a lot of overseas players come into the Premier League and they take time to integrate, depending on the circumstances. READ MORE: Kimpembe next on Chelsea's shopping list after Sterling "So playing in the Premier League can be difficult, but I am very motivated to play here, not just for myself and my team-mates, but for the club. Everybody around me has been very supportive towards me so I am certainly giving everything I can to get settled into the team quickly.” Compilations of Nunez’s sub-par performances against Manchester United and Crystal Palace quickly went viral online, with his passing and build-up play appearing to need serious work. And although a pre-season is by no means the best way to judge a new signing, it did indicate that patience would be needed with the 23-year-old. DON'T MISS...Liverpool threaten to hijack Man Utd move after 'talking' to agentLiverpool boss Klopp fires Nunez warning to fans after difficult debutGuardiola ‘doesn't see’ Chelsea as title rivals after Sterling sale Although Liverpool haven’t truly reaped the benefits of their patience with Keita since his arrival from RB Leipzig in 2018, he is now proven in the English top-flight and is rotated into Liverpool’s midfield trio regularly. Though whether the potential, and desired, arrival of Jude Bellingham from Borussia Dortmund next summer changes that remains to be seen. There are numerous stars in Merseyside who could be listed as needing the adjustment period, from Thiago Alcantara to Roberto Firmino, and they soon showed their class. Nunez scored 26 in 24 league appearances for Benfica last season and evidently has the quality of a world-class finisher and it will only be a matter of time before he can show that in England.