Meghan Markle will accompany her husband Prince Harry on an important trip to New York next week. The Duke of Sussex is set to address the United Nations during an informal gathering of the UN General Assembly on Monday, which is Nelson Mandela Day. It will mark their first joint public appearance since the Platinum Jubilee, during which the couple kept a low profile by only attending one public event — the Service of Thanksgiving for Queen Elizabeth II at St. Paul’s Cathedral. The couple jetted back to the United States before the celebrations came to a close on Sunday, June 5. Their lives in the US are thousands of miles away from the royal world of Windsor, where they resided during their time as working royals. Meghan and Harry live in an £11 million nine-bed mansion in Montecito, an exclusive enclave in Santa Barbara, close to LA, with their two children three-year-old Archie and one-year-old Lilibet. Since their initial plan of being “part-time royals” was rejected, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex have pursued other professional avenues, such as setting up their own non-profit Archewell and signing multi-million-pound deals with streaming services and book publishers. READ MORE: Meghan Markle ‘waited on hand and foot’ as Duchess requests 'completely secluded' tables And one royal expert has claimed that this puts Meghan on a “path to unparalleled stardom.” Speaking during the 2021 Channel 5 documentary, ‘Harry & Meghan Vs The Monarchy’, royal author Dylan Howard said: “They’ve created a new standard, and that is one to exploit themselves for profit. “Meghan is creating a new form of celebrity for herself by securing deals with media conglomerates in the tens and hundreds of millions of dollars. “It sets her on a path to unparalleled stardom.” In 2020, the Duke and Duchess signed huge deals with Spotify and Netflix. With Netflix, they set out to create "content that informs but also gives hope.” Programmes in the works are believed to be a documentary about the Invictus Games — which Harry founded in 2014 — and a reality-style show that focuses on the couple themselves. A children's series about a young girl's adventures called Pearl, where Meghan was due to act as executive producer, was axed earlier this year amid company-wide cost-cutting measures. The couple’s deal with Spotify set out to produce podcasts that promote “diverse and inspiring voices” under the couple's brand Archewell Audio. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan and Harry row over announcement [LIVE] Royal POLL: Should Prince Andrew continue to push for royal return? [VOTE] Sophie Wessex's popularity plummets in latest Royal Family poll [REVEAL] However, little content has been produced and it was reported earlier this year that Spotify was taking the deal into its own hands and using its own production arm for shows. It was later reported that Meghan would be launching a podcast series that she claimed would tackle female stereotypes and investigate "labels that try to hold women back.” The podcast — called ‘Archetypes’ — is expected to launch this summer and Meghan will speak to historians, experts and women who have experienced being typecast. There have been no further announcements regarding ‘Archetypes’ since the trailer was released in April. However, a source has told Closer magazine that the Duchess has a “lot more going on” than people think, and just chooses to keep her life more private now.  A source told the publication that the Duchess is “throwing herself into work on her podcast,” and even claimed she “secretly” books rooms at the five-star Beverly Hills Hotel, known to locals as The Pink Palace.” They also claimed that Meghan is carving out a lavish life in Montecito, earning her the nickname ‘The Princess of Montecito’ from locals. The source revealed: “There’s a lot more going on in Meghan’s world than people think, she just keeps it very private these days but her royal status gives her a lot of leverage. “She spends most of her time in Montecito, but she heads into LA every week or so.”