The princess of Monaco attended a maternity ward at the Princess Grace Hospital Center to meet new parents and their babies - the same place she delivered her two children Princess Gabriella and Prince Jacques. The appearance marked the 44-year-old’s first royal engagement since undergoing treatment at a Swiss clinic.  Royals fans on Twitter were pleased to see the princess, who is married to the principality’s Sovereign Prince Albert II, back in public. Flavia G Pantoja tweeted: “Glad to see her back at work and looking healthy! Marike posted: “So great to see Princess Charlene back. She is looking beautiful!” Jillian Chantal added: “Good to see her out and about.” It comes weeks after Charlene was struck down by Covid and forced to isolate. Her coronavirus diagnosis came just a few days after she returned to the public eye after battling with health issues.  READ MORE: Princess Charlene steps out in £2,112 sleeveless dress - 'flattering' The former Olympic swimmer entered a treatment facility in November after suffering “physical and emotional exhaustion”. Charlene’s treatment began just 11 days after she had returned from South Africa, where she had collapsed in public. Albert confirmed his wife had been admitted to the clinic after an intervention-style family meeting.  DON'T MISS A look at Princess Charlene's dazzling engagement ring [PICTURES]Princess Charlene and Prince Albert share 'awkward' kiss - pictures [INFO]Princess Charlene celebrates wedding anniversary in Louis Vuitton gown [NSIGHT] He used an exclusive interview with People magazine to announce that his wife was receiving treatment. The Prince said: “I sat her down with her brothers and a sister-in-law. “She had already made her decision, and we only wanted her to confirm it in front of us.  “She wanted this. She already knew the best thing to do was to go and have a rest and have a real medically framed treatment. “And not in Monaco. For privacy reasons, it would have to be someplace outside of Monaco.” Charlene’s woes began in May 2021, when she contracted a severe ENT infection while in South Africa with her foundation to carry out conservation work.  The royal was meant to remain there for less than a fortnight but ended up being stuck in the country for six months, unable to travel by plane due to her condition. The Palace confirmed that Charlene had come down with an ear, nose and throat infection while in South Africa. The illness, which was caused by a dental operation to implant a prosthesis, was complicated by her flight. The Princess was grounded in the country and had to undergo a series of corrective surgeries to help her with the infection. While undergoing medical visits and procedures, she was visited twice by her children Gabriella and Prince Jacques and husband Albert.