Jacob Rees-Mogg told Sky News' Sophy Ridge that the next Prime Minister must be a firm believer in Brexit and committed to following through with bold decisions. Speaking this morning, Mr Rees-Mogg said "there is a great deal of work to do to get the benefits of Brexit". At the top of his list of Brexiteer demands, the Brexit opportunities minister said the next leader had to press on with the controversial protocol bill. He said: "It needs to be someone who will support that.” The controversial legislation proposed by Boris Johnson would unilaterally ditch Brexit checks in defiance of the EU. The bill has sparked a backlash from the EU with warnings it will break international law. Remain-backing moderate candidates Jeremy Hunt and Tom Tugendhat have already vowed to press ahead with the bill. JUST IN: Remainer Tory leader hopefuls warned against Brexit voter 'betrayal'  Asked if the next leader of the party needed to be someone who backed Brexit, Mr Rees-Mogg said: "I think it's very important. "Brexit has been done legally but there is a great deal of work to do to get the benefits of Brexit to make the UK a less regulated, freer market that isn't in lockstep with the EU. "Part of that is delivering on the Northern Ireland protocol. "We need someone who will be clear about their principles, who will not have any baggage so to speak, and who will be able to win both with the Conservative Party at large and in a general election which is not just in the party's interest but in the nation's interest."  He refused to back any specific candidate but remarked that he was "sorry" Ben Wallace withdrew from the contest. Mr Tugendhat described Brexit as a “revolution” that could not be overturned. He said: “There is no way back into the European Union. "I would never vote to go back into the European Union. That’s over." DON'T MISS: Brexit LIVE: The three Tory Party candidates who will anger EU most [LIVE BLOG]'Tugendhat has the strength to lead us out of turbulent times' [COMMENT]Tom Tugendhat squirms over bid to become PM [VIDEO] Nine candidates have now declared their intention to run to replace Boris Johnson, with Penny Mordaunt the latest to enter the race. Former chancellor Rishi Sunak is the current favourite and has suggested tax cuts will have to wait. Both Sajid Javid and Jeremy Hunt have said they will cancel the planned rise in corporation tax and reduce it further. Meanwhile, several Tories have accused Boris Johnson of trying to torpedo Mr Sunak's bid to succeed him. READ NEXT: 'Tugendhat has the strength to lead us out of turbulent times'Fiery Brexit clash on GB News as PM's resignation sparks questionBrexit LIVE: The three Tory Party candidates who will anger EU mostGB News: Dolan lauds Brexit as 'strategic stroke of genius' JRM fires urgent Brexit warning against 'those who betrayed Boris'