The victim, who wished to remain anonymous, has been left with life-altering injuries after the confrontation in the Balkans in May. He claims the Royal Military Police and the local police are not cooperating with each other, stalling the investigation. Josh (not his real name) was in the Saloon bar near the centre of Skopje, North Macedonia while on a visit to the country on May 11 this year. He was drinking with friends when a group of four men he says were visibly intoxicated walked in “looking for a fight”, he later realised. After hearing them speaking in English, he asked them where they were from, “like a normal thing to ask someone in a sort of strange part of the world you hear speaking English”. They told Josh they were from Colchester, in Essex, he said – the home of the 16 Air Assault Brigade Combat Team. He also said that the men identified themselves as being members of the 16 Air Assault Brigade. He then asked them what brought them to Skopje, and they said they had been “deployed here on some training”. Two days later, on May 13, the 16 Air Assault Brigade were named by the Ministry of Defence (MoD) as having been deployed to North Macedonia for a NATO training exercise.  READ MORE: Hundreds of paratroopers banned from deployment after ORGY The men were dressed in British Army T-shirts, Josh claimed. All were athletic, with short brown hair, Caucasian. Josh said: “The second I spoke to them, they were just so immediately physically intimidating and verbally aggressive – and behaved like that towards other people. They were just there to find someone to fight and hurt.” Josh had “no interest” in the aggressive behaviour, and so moved to the back of the bar. When he and one of his friends left the bar again fifteen minutes later, he said, they launched an attack. Josh said one of the assailants cracked his head against the curb, leaving him with “a really nasty concussion, which I'm still suffering from” two months on. He says he was also stabbed in the left hand with a broken beer bottle wielded by one of the men. According to a local report from the time, the altercation occurred in front of a restaurant on St. Cyril and Methodius, a short walk from the bar, at around 3.30am. Josh remembered there being CCTV cameras and lots of eye-witnesses – which is why he believes they ran away after the attack. After receiving treatment at a nearby hospital, Josh went to report the incident at the Beko police station in the centre of Skopje, before contacting the British Embassy in North Macedonia. Email exchanges with the consulate in Sofia, Bulgaria, seen by this website, show that by May 13, “members of the UK Royal Military Police located in North Macedonia with 16 Brigade have been informed of the case and are seeking support from Macedonian police with their enquiries”. But Josh said that the local police had informed a friend of his from the area that the unit was “not cooperating” with their investigation – a claim the MoD contests. A source in the prosecutor’s office in North Macedonia said their investigation was being conducted against unknown persons, suggesting they had not received the identities of any potential suspects from the British Army. On May 18, the British Embassy in Skopje said that the allegation “is being taken extremely seriously”. An undated letter from Rachel Galloway, the UK ambassador to North Macedonia, told Josh that the local authorities “remain the competent authority for the investigation”. Josh returned to Britain the evening following the incident and went to Guy’s and St Thomas’ Hospital in London, which he says he returned to for the next five days to treat his stab wound, which had become infected. DON'T MISS:Evacuations underway as massive blaze rips through several homes [REPORT]Traffic trouble as first ever ‘amber’ warning  [INSIGHT]GB News: Sunak lambasted over policies and 'terrible slogan' [REACTION] He continued contacting the embassy on a regular basis, but it was only after he escalated the matter to the ambassador there, he claimed, that the Royal Military Police contacted him to get a statement. He still feels he has “broadly been fobbed [off]”. Two months on, a source inside the prosecutor’s office said that a case has been opened, but that it was only on July 27 that an official notification was received from the country’s Ministry of Internal Affairs including preliminary evidence and some footage. The source said before then, they had no evidence and still do not know the identities of the alleged perpetrators. The prosecutor in charge of the case is expected to decide whether it is a criminal matter next week. An MoD spokesperson told Express.co.uk that as of July 29, the Royal Military Police had not yet been asked for support in the case by the North Macedonian authorities, but would provide identities of suspects when requested. A spokesperson for the Public Prosecutors Office said that the prosecutor in charge of the case had “issued orders to secure the surveillance video footages and to take other investigative actions in order to identify the perpetrators”. They added: “According to the knowledge of the public prosecutor in charge, some footage is secured and viewed.” The spokesperson said it could not comment on whether the Royal Military Police had requested information on the case, but said that “the prosecutors work on any case in a transparent way, giving relevant information about proceedings to interested parties, as much as the specifics of the concrete case allow [for] sharing details”. It is unclear whether the four soldiers alleged to have attacked Josh have been suspended from military service. The MoD declined to comment on the matter, citing legal complexities. Josh said of the Royal Military Police: “I would like to see them prioritise the case by establishing effective communication with the local police – and allocating a couple of people to actually do the basics of an investigation. “We know the local police have the CCTV – or at least had it two months ago. And to do that, to use that to remove those responsible from service. They're just running around stabbing people under our flag with impunity.” He criticised the “lack of action” and felt it “implicitly condoned” the behaviour. He chose to come forward after seeing reports of other indiscretions by British Army servicemen in recent months, including hundreds of members of the 3 Parachute Regiment – a unit of the 16 Air Assault Brigade – being suspended from another NATO exercise for having an orgy in the Colchester barracks. When asked to comment, a British Army spokesperson said: “We are aware of allegations made against service personnel who were deployed on exercise in North Macedonia. The Royal Military Police continue to engage and fully cooperate with the relevant Macedonian authorities in support of their investigation. “It would be inappropriate to comment further at this time.”