John Cleese has worried fans after taking to Twitter to display a gash on his head following his performance in Zurich, Switzerland. The Fawlty Towers actor, 82, was performing his Last Time To See Me Before I Die show last night, after he concerned fans with a picture of what appeared to be an injury on his head. In view of his 5.7million followers, John addressed the first of his Swiss shows. He wrote: "Rough crowd in Zurich tonight… Basel, can you do any better tomorrow? In the snap, the star looked dapper in a pinstriped suit and plain coloured shirt. However, it was the gash on John's head which drew the most attention from Twitter users in the comments. READ MORE: Christine McGuinness' pals begged her to leave Paddy @DanPasternack commented: "So much for the neutrality of the Swiss." @HerrNilsson2 penned: "You can’t get a Swiss crowd on your side, they’re neutral," alongside a winking emoji. While concerned fan @dgsquare2 wrote: "What happened to your head? Was it the rough crowd? "I understand now comedians are fair game for rowdy audiences, but I didn't think anybody would touch a legend!" @dward1881 added: "Will you make a Basel Fawlty pun?" It comes days after the funnyman took to Twitter to admit his regret over deciding to turn down a peerage for the first time. John wrote: “Until now I have never regretted declining the peerage I was offered "But today I'm sad I didn't accept it. DON'T MISS... Demi Rose leaves little to the imagination as she bares cleavage [INSIGHT]Naga Munchetty inundated with support amid her and husband's loss [ANALYSIS]Sinitta says Lauren broke 'secret pact' when she started dating Simon [UPDATE] "Because then I could give it back when that lying, evil thug Paul Dacre enters the House of Lords," he explained. John was offered a peerage over 20 years ago by former Liberal-Democrat leader, Paddy Ashdown. However, in 1999 he turned it down and joked that he didn’t want to accept the offer as it would mean spending winters in England John said: “I turned down a peerage actually. “Paddy was going to offer me one when he ceased to be leader of the Lib Dems, for political services – not because I was a wonderful human being but because I’d helped them a lot. “But I realised this involved being in England in the winter and I thought that was too much of a price to pay," he told The Mirror in 2011. The Fawlty Towers star divides his time between England and sunny California.