Amy Elizabeth Butler took to Twitter after she received a fake text message supposedly from the bank. She said: “Incredible that my NatWest card can be blocked when I don’t have one.    She said: “Incredible that my NatWest card can be blocked when I don’t have one. “Although quite clever to get this message to come through in an official ‘Verify’ text thread, that includes legitimate verification messages from companies like LinkedIn. “Always be wary!” She shared a screengrab of the text.  It read: “Natwest Here, Your Card has been blocked. Did you use your card for 103.00 GBP?” The text urged her to reply ‘Yes’ if the payment was legitimate and to call an 0800 number if it was not. Scammers use these texts to entice people to get in touch with them, and then they will ask for banking information or personal details. Another woman recently warned about a scam message pretending to be from the bank, where fraudsters sent her a text and left a voicemail. The text message read: “Hi, it’s NatWest. We’d like to confirm a payment made from your account ending XXXX. “Although your balance may look like it’s reduced, we’ve NOT yet sent this payment. “It’s on hold for the next 72 hours to protect you and will only be released once we speak to you. "We will call you shortly to discuss this further.” The scammers even tried to reassure the woman that the message was real with a scam warning. They said in the message: “If you are being pressurised as a result of an unexpected phone call STOP. “NatWest will never ask you to move money from your account.” The message also included the scam warning: “If you are being pressurised as a result of an unexpected phone call STOP. “NatWest will never ask you to move money from your account.” The woman said the scam was very believable. She said: “Both text and accompanying voicemail - which knew my full name would be utterly believable - if I had an account with NatWest." She urged for more to be done to stop scams. The bank responded to Ms Penn to ask her to get in touch with them. Scams now account for more than a third of all crime with more than three quarters of adults in the UK having been targeted in 2022. Sharing personal details can give fraudsters the information they need to take out loans and credit cards, throwing people into thousands of pounds worth of debt. NatWest recently urged customers to be vigilant as it switches its debit cards from Visa to Mastercard, with scammers likely to take advantage of the change. The bank said in a letter to customers: "Scammers like it when people get new cards, so always look out for unexpected phone calls, texts or emails from anyone claiming to be from the bank."