Prince Charles' wife Camilla let loose despite the scorching heat as she was treated to a mini-carnival display of music and dance at The Tabernacle. The couple were in west London this afternoon to celebrate the return of next month’s carnival, the biggest street event in Europe, after it was cancelled for two years due to Covid.   Camilla, who celebrates her 75th birthday on Sunday, looked stylish in a green and white floral dress. She kept cool in the crowds by using a hand held fan as she danced along to the beat. Charles, who looked smart in a grey suit, was spotted getting stuck in to the festivities as he tried his hand at playing the steel drums enthusiastically. But he joked "I'm not much cop at this" during a visit to a cultural centre to celebrate the return next month of the carnival after three years. At one point Camilla, who is patron of the Fan Museum, told a group of steel pan players: "If it had been cooler we could have had a jolly good dance." The couple were treated to a flavour of the famous street party when they were welcomed to the Tabernacle by stilt walkers, performers in extravagant outfits and musicians playing the famous steel pan. Sisters Natalie, 44, and Claire Johnson, 40, who wore red costumes with colourful headdresses, chatted to the royal visitors. Speaking afterwards about the attraction of performing at the carnival, Claire said: "For me it's the heritage, I'm just so proud of it and the culture, the representation, the way that we can just be - and be proud - and the party vibe and the community spirit." On display outside were sculptures made from wire frames and chicken wire by artist Carl Gabriel, including his 8ft tall head and shoulders creation of the Queen wearing a crown, which was part of the Platinum Jubilee celebrations in June. Hundreds of performers from the Notting Hill Carnival community including Calypso singers, and a huge steel pan orchestra, took part in the celebrations outside Buckingham Palace. Mr Gabriel said: "I talked to the prince about my sculpture of the Queen because he saw it at the Platinum parade and he was very excited about it - he loved it." The venue for the event was the Tabernacle, a former church, in Powis Square in the heart of Notting Hill, whose community found its voice after race riots in the 1950s.  READ MORE: Camilla to wear Queen Mother's Crown bedecked with over 2,000 diamonds In 1966, the first outdoor festival took place in Notting Hill after Rhaune Laslett, a local resident and social worker, organised the celebration for local children and today it is Europe's biggest street event. Inside the Tabernacle, Charles was fascinated by the recreation of one of the early sound systems used in the 1960s by the DJs, who would connect towering speakers to powerful amplifiers to play the music of the day to carnival crowds. To mark the 20th anniversary of the Carnival, Charles said it contributed to the UK striving towards "the establishment of an harmonious multi- cultural society". He wrote in the souvenir brochure: “The carnival is, I believe, a tremendous expression of the cultural variety which means so much as we continue to strive towards the establishment of an harmonious multi- cultural society.” The streets of west London come alive every August bank holiday weekend with a huge Caribbean party at Europe's biggest street festival. DJ Gladdy Wax, real name Gladwin Wright, chatted to the prince - a long-time supporter of carnival, who asked "Who is it playing?" and was told its was The Skatalites' version of The Beatles song This Boy.   DON'T MISS Camilla and Charles mocked by Princess Diana over infamous lewd chat [INSIGHT]Camilla suffering brutal Gen Z backlash [REVEALED]Camilla 'won't 'stand on ceremony' as Duchess 'naughty' with her jokes [OPINION] During a tour of a photographic exhibition about Notting Hill and the carnival, Charles tried playing a steel pan after being told about its history. Later he and Camilla met Melissa Simon Hartman, costume designer for the Royal Shakespeare Company's production of Much Ado About Nothing, who began her career creating carnival outfits. Matthew Phillip, chief executive of the Carnival Village Trust, who hosted the royal visit, said afterwards: "It's the biggest celebration of black culture on the planet and something we should all be proud of. "It mainly celebrates black culture but it's welcoming to all cultures and people from all backgrounds, all religions, race, gender, sexual orientation - it's a real coming together." This year's event will take place from August 27 to August 29.   It comes after the duchess made a joke during a speech yesterday when she said to guests: "Ladies and gentlemen, if I am allowed to call you that." She quipped amid the ongoing gender identity debate over whether or not people should be addressed by preferred pronouns. She made the light-hearted joke at a lunch to celebrate her 75th birthday thrown by The Oldie magazine. It prompted an outburst of laughter from her guests but is sure to leave some activists unhappy. Clarence House said it was up to others to interpret her remark. But aides suggested it was in keeping with the 'irreverent' spirit of the lunch, hosted by her friend presenter and author, Gyles Brandreth.