In the run-up to the release of Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness, rumours abounded of who would be making a cameo from non-MCU comic book movies or potential variants. As usual with such things, they should all be taken with a pinch of salt, but it’s worth pointing out that the whole Illuminati line-up in Earth-838 was accurately leaked in the months and weeks before the film released. However, the big one about Tom Cruise playing Superior Iron Man, an evil Tony Stark variant did not come to pass…for now. Cruise famously almost ended up starring as the MCU’s Tony Stark in 2008’s Iron Man before Robert Downey Jr bagged the role that rebooted his career. Yet now that the multiverse has opened up, all sorts of possibilities are available should Marvel Studios choose them. Let’s not forget that John Krasinski] was fan cast by the internet as Fantastic Four’s Reed Richards, before making his cameo in Doctor Strange. And now it turns out there’s a report that Cruise is in talks to join the MCU too in time for Avengers 5. Geekosity reported prior to the release of Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness that Cruise’s involvement wasn’t clear. However, they did write: “Sources indicate that Tom Cruise is coming to the MCU. Insiders add that Tom Cruise is in talks for Marvel Studios’ crossover epic Secret Wars as Superior Iron Man.” Secret Wars is the rumoured Avengers 5 big crossover event for the MCU, which is yet to be announced. READ MORE: Spider-Man: Tobey Maguire, Andrew Garfield ‘wanted for Secret Wars’ In the comics, variants of different Marvel superheroes collide in a multiverse spectacle. Just imagine the three Spider-Man stars sharing the screen with lots of alternate versions of other characters in one big movie. Apparently, this is where Cruise could be persuaded to show up, with the outlet adding: “So, what we’re getting here is that Tom Cruise might be Superior Iron Man, but not just a cameo role. He may return if he agrees to do another movie, which is Marvel’s Secret Wars.” DON'T MISSNine celebs who don't look 60 as ageless Tom Cruise marks milestone [TOM CRUISE]Hugh Jackman ‘in talks for Wolverine return in Avengers Secret Wars’ [HUGH JACKMAN]Avengers 5 theory: Thor 4 will introduce multiverse Secret Wars Thors [THOR] There had been similar rumours of the likes of Hugh Jackman’s Wolverine and Ben Affleck’s Daredevil not necessarily showing up in Doctor Strange 2, but maybe in Secret Wars further on down the line. And since they didn’t turn up in Multiverse of Madness, hopefully, they can be persuaded for Secret Wars. SOURCE