Eyesight is known to decline with age, but there are eating habits that can accelerate the process. One of these is eating high amounts of fried food. Doctor Brian Wachler, famous on TikTok for his popular health advice, explains to Express.co.uk that it is the trans fats often found in fried food that is linked with the onset of age-related macular degeneration. “Fried food is cooked in trans fats, which can raise your cholesterol levels,” he said. He adds that high cholesterol levels have “been connected to AMD and diabetic retinopathy". A study published in the British Journal of Ophthalmology support Doctor Walcher’s suggestion. It showed people who consume a high level of red and processed meat, fried food, refined grains, and high-fat dairy were triple as likely to develop late-stage age-related macular degeneration (AMD).  READ MORE: Covid: The ‘key’ symptom that could help distinguish between the virus and hay fever Doctor Wachler’s advice is to try eating more fruit and vegetables full of vitamin C like citrus fruits, tomatoes, and red peppers. He added: “Foods with lutein and zeaxanthin, like spinach, kale, and mustard greens, are also associated with lower risk of AMD.” Alternatively, consuming specific supplements containing vitamin C can also slow down the progression of AMD. A study of a supplement formula called the AREDS2 formula, containing 500mg of vitamin C, zinc, lutein, copper, vitamin E, and zeaxanthin has found that certain people who have a low diet in fresh green leafy vegetables. DON'T MISSBlood clots: The nation's favourite drink could be to blame [ADVICE]High cholesterol: The sign on your hands - rings 'alarm bells' [INSIGHT]Stroke warning: Drug taken by millions increases your risk [TIPS] Age related macular degenerationAround 600,000 people in the UK are affected by AMD, which causes irreversible vision loss. The condition does not lead to complete blindness but affects the centre part of the vision severely. The condition can affect one or both eyes, which can show up as:  READ MORE: 'Stay away': Covid symptoms have 'transpired into lots of other symptoms' warns doctor Doctor Wachler also pointed out that eating “simple carbohydrates”, such as those contained in white bread and pasta are linked to macular degeneration. He recommended people consume whole grains instead. “Simple carbohydrates, like those found in white bread and pasta, have been linked with a higher chance of developing age-related macular degeneration (AMD)." Studies have shown that having a higher level of blood sugar is also connected with the onset of AMD. That’s because higher levels of blood sugar are associated with widespread inflammation. “These types of carbs are digested too quickly, causing a spike in blood sugar levels. To avoid this, swap your white bread and pasta for whole-grain versions,” explained Doctor Wachler.