Pensioners are the most likely group of Britons to be missing out on benefits from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP), according to Age UK. Yet readers have been telling Express.co.uk how they believe the DWP makes it impossible to claim Attendance Allowance worth up to £370 a month. As the cost of living crisis continues to cripple Britons' pockets, charities are urging people to check they are receiving all the benefits they are entitled to and not just relying on the state pension. However, readers have been writing into Express.co.uk, claiming the DWP makes it difficult for Britons to claim benefits like PIP and Attendance Allowance, suggesting this could be why they are underclaimed. One reader, 66-year-old Eileen Riley said she has worked hard all her life but now can’t claim either PIP or Attendance Allowance despite the fact she has been unable to work for several months. READ MORE: Free prescriptions: Which DWP benefits get help towards NHS costs? She said: “I haven't been able to work since May. “I got a letter from my consultant, stating a full hip replacement is what's needed. “I've always worked, never claimed benefits and I'm pension age yet I can't claim PIP because I'm 66. “Something isn't right - other people like me need this money.” DON'T MISSState pension age change sees Britons lose £142 per week [ALERT]Buy £2,750 of state pension for just £800 [INSIGHT]Why your £650 cost of living payment may not have arrived yet [UPDATE]Big change to National Insurance means millions will earn more in July [ALERT] Attendance Allowance is paid to people who have reached state pension age if they have a disability or health condition, but they must have struggled for at least six months unless they are seriously ill. Exactly how much someone receives depends on how their condition affects them, however, they don’t necessarily need to have a full time carer to qualify. Ms Riley is not the only person to get in touch with Express.co.uk to complain about the process for claiming Attendance Allowance. A pensioner from Nottingham got in touch to tell Express.co.uk she was sick of hearing the DWP reminding people to claim for benefits. READ MORE: Savings provider offers ‘top of market’ account with 2.15 interest  The 77-year-old said she struggled to apply for Attendance Allowance for her mother. She and her husband spent an entire weekend filling out the forms which they said were unnecessarily complicated. Lynda said: “It brings you down and makes you question, ‘Is it worth it?’ “I don’t know how an elderly person with no support is expected to fill this in.” In response, the DWP said it couldn't comment on the individual case without knowing the details, but Britons can apply for Carer’s Allowance and Pension Credit if they have reached state pension age. Attendance Allowance applicants are advised to: