Since his appearance on Coronation Street, Leo's (played by Joe Frost) main storyline has been solely to do with his age gap between him and girlfriend Jenny (Sally Ann Matthews). Whilst she was reluctant at first to give the myserious man a chance, the pair have been going strong since he admitted his feelings back at Christmas 2021. Nothing is known about Leo's past and hasn't given much away about where he has come from, but a new theory could soon see that unfolding. In upcoming scenes, Daniel (Rob Mallard) spends the night at the Rovers but wakes up at 3am and is taken aback to come face to face with Leo, suited and booted. Daniel tells Daisy Midgeley (Charlotte Jordan) about how it’s obvious Leo’s hiding something from Jenny. Having found out from Paul Foreman (Peter Ash) that it’s Leo’s last day in his job, Daniel shares the information with Daisy. Daisy tells Jenny about Leo’s suspicious behaviour, and soon over dinner in the bistro, Leo reveals all, but what has he been hiding? READ MORE: ‘No!' Naga Munchetty mortified after BBC Breakfast blunder Has his mysterious past finally caught up with him? Could Leo be using the Rovers as a front for his criminal acts and lying under Jenny's nose? Leo turned up in Weatherfield unexpectedly, so could he have been running from something that has finally found its way back to him? Joe Frost, who plays Leo, previously spoke about why he thinks Leo and Jenny are a good match, explaining: "Jenny has been through a lot.  "She has had a lot of ups and downs, especially in her relationship with Johnny, and I think Leo is somebody who could be there for her. "Leo could give Jenny some real grounding and be her rock. I think for Leo, Jenny could give him the sort of relationship that he is after," he told Metro.co.uk. Many fans have recently speculated that Daisy and Leo were secretly out to get Jenny and take over the pub from her. Back in January, after seeing Leo end up in the hospital due to suffering an injury while playing rugby, Jenny poured her heart out to him - and even asked him to move into the pub with her. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Kelly turns to life of crime in major twist  [LATEST]Coronation Street theory: Stu Carpenter exposed as Aaron's abuser [INSIGHT]Coronation Street theory: Triple exit as Abi, Jack and Alfie leave [WATCH] As Jenny helped Leo take his belongings upstairs, Daisy was left on the sofa, looking annoyed at the situation. Later, Daisy was seen flirting with Daniel and offering to meet him in the café to help him with a work issue. But soap fans thought Daisy could have be using Daniel as a cover for her relationship with Leo. Taking to Twitter to air their theories, Priya_UK said: "There is definitely something going on with Daisy and Leo. I think they know each other and going to scam Jenny out of cash." Lydia Gerver said: "Leo and Daisy are playing the long game. They're both out to rinse Jenny, calling it now #Corrie." Connor W said: "Leo is defo up to something". Viewers were on to Leo long before Daisy and Daniel, so could they join forces to finally uncover what he has been up to? Will Leo reveal Daisy has been helping take over the Rover all along? Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8pm on ITV.