With a cost of living crisis, long waiting lists and economic troubles, it’s the last thing the country needs as well. That’s the bad news. The good news is that democracy will allow us a chance to reinvent ourselves. This is important in Britain because times of crisis do allow fresh talent to step up. This was true in World War One again in World War Two and the process repeated itself at the beginning of the Gulf War. Democracy waits for no event or person. The Conservative Party will have a new leader, the nation will have a new Prime Minister. We must choose this person with solemnity and wisdom. We must choose, not just for ourselves, but for all of us. The world our children inherit will be decided by the character of the person that’s selected. This person’s character will colour every aspect of our institutions. They will determine our ambition as a nation. In this contest, there will be a focus on policy and what we will do, but there must be focus on who we are. It will affect both our reputation, our government and that of our country. There’s not much point having all sorts of clever policies if the government cannot implement them. Politicians are never short of ideas, but few of them have much experience of implementation. That’s why we shouldn’t just focus on what the person does or has done, but who they are and what values they hold. The values of our country are freedom, fairness, courage and compassion. We should also understand that Conservatives do not have a monopoly on good people and good ideas. It is the most successful party in our nation’s history because it more often reflects the country’s values. You can see our story in our greatest heroes. Shakespeare, Elizabeth I, Nelson and Churchill have been the living embodiment of them. Our greatest impact is when we have inspired others to our values. Our greatest errors were when we forgot them. I believe that these heroes are there to guide us like the stars at night. We need to understand that their approach worked because it reached into our hearts and brought us together around a set of shared values. We feel these values keenly, they are why we serve, why we vote, why we volunteer,  why we give others opportunity, why we want our country to be a force for good in the world. These values matter more now than at any time in our history. They must be upheld by our leaders. When it comes to leadership, we must change our approach. We need a return to confidence. We need a return to clear policies. We need more than just a plan, we need teamwork to deliver it. We can’t rely upon the old narrative that one over-confident, infallible person will step up with an answer to all our challenges. That’s the very model that’s caused the problems, not just in politics but in other walks of life as well. Our notion of leadership has to change. It needs to become less about the leader and more about ship.