Officials have reviewed the Queen’s official duties and, due to her mobility struggles, have removed some of the work she was previously expected to undertake. The 96-year-old's updated job description has tipped Prince Charles's role of regency in the led up to his pending role as King. Speaking on the latest episode of Royal Beat, royal experts discussed the official change to the Queen's duties and within the monarchy. Host Kate Thornton said: "Until now, the palace seems to have responded on an ad-hoc case-by-case basis", however she stated that last week's Sovereign Grant report "changed that". She added: "For the first time in a decade, the Queen's job description has officially been redefined. "The report reference for the Queen's programme of engagements has been swapped for a broader reference to, quote, visits in royal programmes". Ms Thornton also noted that, in the report, it states that the Queen is "quote, greatly assisted by other members of the Royal Family who undertake official duties on behalf of Her Majesty". Because of this official change, Ms Thornton asked The Sun's former royal editor Duncan Larcombe if this means "Charles is, all but in name, king". READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Kate and Prince William make new hire to tackle the 'p***ed off prince' Mr Larcombe said: "I don't think it quite means that. "[but] I think it's very interesting because we've seen a progression of Prince Charles taking on more and more [official duties]." He added: "The Queen [is] still doing lots of official engagements and so on, but she's stopped doing foreign travel several years ago". However, the former royal editor did state that "you could say, it is an answer to the fact that if the Queen can't do certain things in the year" and "the key jobs that the head of state has to perform, then automatically, Charles will have to become regent." Mr Larcombe continued: "If the Queen is either physically or mentally incapacitated, then she cannot be head of state and that would have to be put to Charles." READ MORE: Queen taking 'baby steps' to 'ingratiate' Meghan Markle and Prince Harry into Royal Family Ms Thornton also states that "as and when we see the Queen these days is a subject we keep returning to." She added: "Whenever she makes an appearance, she makes huge headlines and whenever she doesn't, well, she makes huge headlines". In May, the Queen was forced to miss the State Opening of Parliament, an event she has only missed three times in her 70-year reign. Prince Charles, 73, stepped in to represent the monarch and was joined by his eldest son Prince William. DON'T MISS During the engagement, Charles read out the Queen's Speech, which is a central element of the State Opening of Parliament. The State Opening of Parliament is the key constitutional and ceremonial occasion at the start of a new Session. READ NEXT: