Melanie Chisholm, 48, has agreed with fellow Spice Girl Victoria Beckham’s, 48, comment that “wanting to be really thin is old-fashioned". In an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, Melanie said she is “really happy” to see body aspirations have changed following the “very thin aesthetic” in the 1990s. Victoria made the remark last month, telling Grazia that women now aspire to look “healthy and curvy” instead of “really thin”.When asked about her thoughts on Victoria’s statement, Melanie agreed that there is “so much more body positivity” and is glad to see the back of unhealthy body aspirations, notably “heroin chic” which was prevalent in the 1990s.Melanie said: “I am really happy to see the aesthetic change. In the 1990s, there was a very thin aesthetic that was represented in magazines and in movies.  “‘Heroin chic’ was a look at the time, which when you think about it was pretty sick. READ MORE:Prince Harry's Nelson Mandela speech questioned by Piers Morgan “What is wonderful now is that we are seeing women of different sizes, different shapes, there is so much more body positivity now.  “That is what Victoria is talking about and thank goodness for that because it was a really unhealthy mindset that women were expected to aspire to. It was impossible.”Melanie also shone a light on her own struggles with body image and the media.Famously nicknamed Sporty Spice, Melanie is known for her athleticism and love of fitness. However, she says that this sparked criticism during the Spice Girls’ heyday because it was “unusual” to see a woman with a muscular physique.She even says that it went as far as her sexuality being questioned due to the way she looked.The I Turn To You singer explained: “When we were together as a band the first time around in the 1990s, I used to go to the gym and at times I was becoming a little bit more muscular.“It was unusual to see women with muscles and I was criticised and my sexuality was questioned because of my appearance.” DON'T MISSNeighbours’ Jackie Woodburne on 'heartbreaking' farewell to character[INSIGHT]Prince Harry’s friend JJ Chalmers spills on Archie during ‘dad chat'[LATEST]Jeremy Clarkson slams Naga Munchetty's six-figure BBC salary[NEWS]  In addition to this, she has teamed up with Booking.com, the official Euro 2022 accommodation booking partner, to promote the benefits of travelling and to celebrate women’s football.Research from Booking.com found that 41 percent of England fans said travelling to watch a football match abroad opened them up to new experiences and 37 percent said it encouraged them to be more adventurous and try new things.On why she has got involved, Melanie said: “I have been so lucky in my career and I have done a lot of travelling. With the wonderful Women’s Euro, there is an opportunity to travel all over England, to places that you may never have thought of going to.”She added: “Obviously, being Sporty Spice and being a Spice Girl, we have always been very vocal about girl power and for me no more so than celebrating women’s football.”Booking.com is the Official Accommodation Booking Partner of UEFA Women’s EURO 2022™ and its campaign showcases the power of first experiences.