Richard Rankin’s time-travelling historian Roger MacKenzie has been a crucial part of Outlander ever since he was introduced as a romantic suitor for Brianna Fraser (Sophie Skelton) in season two of the hit Starz drama. Now married and settling into their new life on Fraser’s Ridge, Richard has received some glowing praise from Jamie Fraser himself, Sam Heughan. Sam has confirmed he still enjoys acting alongside Richard with each new instalment of Outlander. “Talking about Richard there, he’s brilliant. He’s so funny. And I love playing the humour of that relationship,” he said. Jamie’s orphaned son-in-law was first introduced in season two, when Claire Fraser (Caitriona Balfe) had returned to the 20th Century to raise Brianna. Roger soon discovers Claire’s time-travelling secret, and follows her daughter Brianna back through the stones of Craigh Na Dun to declare his love. READ MORE: Coronation Street’s Phill Whittaker star speaks on Fiz twist However, he quickly runs up against Sophie’s Highlander father, whose 18th century values take some time to warm up to Roger’s more modern charms. Sam continued to GoldDerby: “The initial [relationship] is like, ‘You are not good enough for my daughter. You are not a man.’ “Jamie’s sort of this gentleman from the 1700s and he’s got this certain way of what men should be.” “And Roger’s certainly not that. And I just loved playing up to that.” Thankfully, Roger has since become an official member of the Fraser clan, solidified by his traditional Scottish wedding to Brianna, which kicked off Outlander season five. He and Jamie have become much closer over the years, though the Highlander wasn’t impressed when Roger welcomed his old rival Thomas Christie (Mark Lewis Jones) onto the Ridge. Despite his occasional mistakes, Roger has remained a fan-favourite member of the Outlander family since his season two debut. The man out of time certainly proved his worth in season six by rescuing baby Henri-Christian from a watery grave. DON'T MISS:Reacher season 2: Willa Fitzgerald addresses return [INTERVIEW]The Umbrella Academy boss details change to character fans missed [INSIGHT]Virgin River’s Doc star on Netflix’s filming ‘concerns’ [UPDATE] He has also been a bedrock of support for Brianna, who has continued to recover from her traumatic experience with the nefarious outlaw Stephen Bonnet (Ed Speleers). “Richard’s so good at it,” Sam added. “And then having seen that progress to this real affection between the two of them, it’s lovely to play.” Roger and Brianna’s time on the Ridge was seemingly coming to a close by the end of season five. After realising they both missed their lives in the 20th century, they tried and failed to make it back home through the mysterious stones. Thankfully, they’ve both come to accept their new life in North Carolina nearly 200 years before they were born, and will continue to defend their home against the forthcoming Revolutionary War. They’ll both be returning in Outlander’s extended seventh season, which is currently being filmed and will consist of a whopping 16 episodes. Jamie will certainly need all the help he can find if he’s to rescue his wife from certain death after being falsely accused of murder when the stunning historical drama makes its triumphant return. Outlander seasons 1-6 are available on Starz in the USA and StarzPlay in the UK.