It is unclear to what extent the fall will be part of a sustained trend of falling oil prices or just a temporary blip. Even if there is a sustained fall it is also unclear if this will result in retailers dropping their prices at the pumps  Brent crude prices for September fell 77 cents, or 0.7 percent to settle at $106.15 (£88.51) a barrel. U.S. West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude for August fell $88 cents, or 0.9 percent to settle at $99.00 (£82.55) a barrel. There are fears that the drop could be temporary in nature and linked to a drop in demand in the USA. This could be linked to lower demand for fuel during the peak driving season.  Stephen Schork, principal at The Schork Report, said: "We are in the peak of the peak driving season and demand for gasoline is lagging." ING's head of commodities research Warren Patterson said higher prices at US pumps was reducing demand. He said: "It seems higher prices are having some impact on demand, with gasoline demand seasonally low over the week once again." Product supply of gasoline, an indication of demand, was about 8.5 million barrels per day, around 7.6 percent lower than the same time a year ago. READ MORE: Tourist in campervan beaten up, stripped and forced naked into a pub  Investors have been concerned about a possible slow down in the American economy caused in part by interest rate hikes by central banks. An economic slowdown is likely to see a reduction in demand. Oil prices have been extremely volatile, largely because of supply fears caused by Western sanctions on Russia. Investors have been concerned since the start of the conflict about the impact of an oil embargo on Russia and the possibility of the ongoing war in Ukraine disrupting supplies. DON'T MISS:  Cheapest place to get Nescafe coffee as jars hit a whopping £8.75     [INSIGHT]M25 CHAOS as eco-mob TIE themselves to overhead motorway signs  [SPOTLIGHT] Family's devastation after entire home destroyed in wildfire [REVEAL]  There are also worries that the fight against inflation could weaken the global economy and cut demand. Concerns over Libya's supplies have also eased as the National Oil Corp (NOC) said on Wednesday crude production had resumed at several oilfields across the country. However one of Canada's major oil export arteries, the Keystone pipeline, was operating at reduced rates for a third day on Wednesday, operator TC Energy said in a statement. It comes after repairs as repairs continued on a third-party power facility in South Dakota. TC admitted there is currently no timeline for completion of repairs and restoration of power service. The 590,000 barrel-per-day pipeline ships crude from Alberta to refineries in the US Midwest. 