Kris Marshall is back on ITV in the latest season of the period drama, Sanditon. The actor is also known for his roles in My Family and as DI Humphrey Goodman in Death in Paradise on the BBC. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the star's age. Kris Marshall has come back into the spotlight as entrepreneur Tom Parker in Sanditon. He has high hopes for the town, hoping to turn it into a fashionable seaside attraction. Kris has also announced he will be reprising his role as Humphrey Goodman in a new Death in Paradise spin-off. The detective will make a comeback in Beyond Paradise, which will explore his life in the UK. One of his first acting roles was in the year 2000, and he has come on in leaps and bounds ever since. READ MORE: Death in Paradise's Danny John-Jules to join spin-off? Kris Marshall is 49 years old and was born on April 11, 1973. Next year he will be marking a milestone birthday as the star celebrates turning 50. He was born in Bath, Somerset, and his father was a Royal Air Force navigator. During his younger years, he and his family travelled all over the world, from Hong Kong to Canada. One of his first TV roles was in The Bill in 2000, when he was 27 years old. However, he rose to fame after playing Nick Harper in the BBC comedy series, My Family. He left the series in 2003 but went on to make a couple of guest appearances. In 2014 he made his introduction in Death in Paradise and became one of the fan-favourite detectives. However, he left the series due to the pressures it put on his family during filming. He married his wife, Hannah Dodkin, in 2012 and they have two children - a son and a daughter. DON'T MISS... Death in Paradise boss details how he replaces detectives [INTERVIEW] Kris Marshall health: Star’s return to TV after terrifying accident [INSIGHT] Death in Paradise's Kris Marshall teases new characters in spin-off [INSIGHT] Fans are looking forward to seeing what is in store for the actor as he prepares to mark a special birthday in 2023. Filming is expected to be underway soon for the Death in Paradise spin-off, which is set in the UK countryside. His Death in Paradise co-star, Ben Miller, said Kris would make a "brilliant" Doctor Who. Viewers will have to wait and see if his name is thrown into the ring for the next incarnation. In the meantime, Kris has been sharing stories from filming the latest season of Sanditon. When appearing on The One Show, he detailed an embarrassing wardrobe malfunction. He said: "Basically I said to our costume designer before we started shooting that I wanted something slinky so I can strut around and give it the full look with the top hat and all that kind of stuff. "Unfortunately they were a bit too slinky and I used to rip my trousers weekly." The actor joked about how he was "banned from bending over" during filming.  Sanditon airs on Fridays on ITV at 9pm.