Tory MP John Redwood said travellers should "go some where else on holiday" if France continues to block entry as he urged holidaymakers to "go somewhere that welcomes you". He said he was happy his summer holiday was booked for England.  Mr Redwood tweeted: "If France carries on blocking entry people should go some where else on holiday. It's no fun to spend 7 hours in a traffic jam. "Glad my summer holiday is booked for England. Go somewhere that welcomes you." His comments come after long traffic jams built up outside the Port of Dover, Britain's main gateway to Europe. UK travellers setting out at the start of the school summer holidays, as well as the usual flow of goods lorries, faced misery amid long delays because of slow border checks. The UK government has blamed the problems on a lack of French border force staff, while France says more checks are needed because Britain is no longer a member of the European Union. Dover and the French port of Calais have "juxtaposed" border controls in which French authorities check passports on British soil before departure, and vice versa in France.  READ MORE: Travel misery now spreads to Eurotunnel Extra post-Brexit border checks and French authorities' understaffing of checkpoints in Dover have been blamed for the hold-ups. Holidaymakers have been warned they could face a summer with repeated weekend travel disruption after lengthy queues in Kent were finally reduced on Sunday following days of gridlocked roads. Chaotic scenes of bumper-to-bumper traffic stretching for miles marred the beginning of the getaway as schools broke up for the holidays.  DON'T MISSShould Britain pay France to sort out Dover travel chaos? [POLL]Macron 'hurting businesses all over EU' just to spite Brexit  [OPINION]Dover chaos blamed on Macron's petty Brexit grudge [INSIGHT] And with disruption at Dover cleared by Sunday morning, Port authorities said work undertaken by them and their partners, "including strong support from French border colleagues", to clear traffic this weekend demonstrates that the Port of Dover's "summer plan will work for the rest of the holiday period". About 72,000 passengers - more than 200 miles of tourist and freight traffic combined - had been processed across the weekend up until Sunday morning. Port chief executive Doug Bannister thanked travellers and Dover residents for their understanding during what he described as a "challenging period", and said he was "incredibly grateful to everyone who has turned this situation around, from the French and UK authorities to our ferry operators, Kent partners and our own port staff".  Mark Simmonds, director of policy and external affairs at the British Ports Association, said he was glad to hear the situation at Dover had improved. He told BBC Breakfast: "We're told that the port expects those booths to be fully staffed throughout the summer."  Passengers embarking on cross-Channel sailings from Dover must pass through French border checks before they can board a ferry. Elsewhere on the roads, the AA said traffic appeared to be flowing well on Sunday "bar some isolated pockets of congestion".