This year's Amazon Prime Day kicks off on July 12. The confusingly named event - which actually takes place over two days - gives Prime members the opportunity to make big savings on thousands of products from every department. What you might not realise, however, is that Amazon also plans to give away more than 25 games as part of the event, including blockbuster hits like Mass Effect Legendary Edition, Grid Legends and Need for Speed Heat. Once you've claimed the free games as part of your Prime membership, they're yours to keep forever. Technically, this means you can bag more than 25 games without spending any cash. Just sign up for Amazon Prime for free and enjoy all the perks without any of the commitments. "Amazon Prime members are in for a real treat! Prime Gaming is thrilled to offer members even more free games as part of this year’s Prime Day offers, happening on July 12–13," reads an Amazon post. "During Prime Day, Prime members can claim more than 30 free games, including Mass Effect Legendary Edition - which includes the award-winning Mass Effect trilogy - GRID Legends, Need for Speed Heat, Star Wars Jedi Knight - Jedi Academy and more." The highlight of the Prime Day gaming giveaway, Mass Effect Legendary Edition bundles the remastered Mass Effect trilogy with all of the post-release DLC. "Relive the epic saga and prepare for an unforgettable adventure in the highly acclaimed trilogy," reads the official description. "The Mass Effect Legendary Edition includes single-player base content and over 40 DLC from Mass Effect, Mass Effect 2, and Mass Effect 3 games, including promo weapons, armours, and packs, remastered and optimised for 4K Ultra HD." There are plenty of games to enjoy if you're a Star Wars fan, including Star Wars Jedi Knight — Jedi Academy, Star Wars Jedi Knight II — Jedi Outcast, and Star Wars Republic Commando. Other games available for free as part of Amazon Prime Day include... • 10 Second Ninja X • 8Doors: Arum’s Afterlife Adventure • Addling Adventures • Bang Bang Racing • Clouds & Sheep 2 • Death Squared • Fatal Fury Special • Giana Sisters: Twisted Dreams • Gone Viral • HUE • Manual Samuel • Metal Slug 2 • Metal Unit • Pumped BMX Pro • Puzzle of the Year — 10 Pack • Rain World • Road Trip — 3 Pack • Samurai Shodown II • Serial Cleaner • The Crow’s Eye • The Darkside Detective • The Darkside Detective: A Fumble in the Dark • The King of Fighters 2000 • The King of Fighters 2002 • The Metronomicon: Slay the Dance Floor As the name suggests, Prime Day is exclusive to Prime members. The membership scheme unlocks a number of benefits, including early access to discounts on Amazon UK, free next-day shipping on thousands of items, exclusive boxsets and movies from Prime Video, streaming of thousands of tracks from Amazon Music, unlimited cloud storage to back-up photos from your smartphone or tablet, and more. Amazon Prime usually costs £79 per year, or £7.99 per month. Amazon offers a 30-day free trial for its Prime membership so you can test out the benefits for yourself. If you don't cancel within the 30 day trial period, Amazon will charge you for a full membership plan. However, it's possible to cancel as soon as you've agreed to the trial, so there's no excuse to be charged if you only want a Prime membership for Prime Day. And don't worry if you've taken out a Prime free trial in the past. Amazon will allow customers to take advantage of the free trial offer every 12 months of so. If you've previously trialled an Amazon Prime membership, it's worth checking again as you might be able to take advantage of the free membership in time for Prime Day. In addition to free games and exclusive Prime Day discounts, a Prime membership nets customers same-day and next-day delivery, as well as Amazon's Prime Video streaming platform. Prime Reading unlocks thousands of eBooks for Kindle owners, while Prime Music is Amazon's answer to Spotify and Apple Music. Then there are lesser-known benefits like Deliveroo Plus and photo back-up services.