Arsenal are set to make a new and improved offer for Lisandro Martinez in an attempt to beat Manchester United to his signature, reports claim. Both Premier League clubs have offered Ajax £38million for the defender. Ajax want Martinez to stay but the player is keen on a move to England. The presence of Erik ten Hag at Old Trafford could prove to be a deciding factor. Ten Hag managed Martinez for three years at Ajax before leaving to take the United job at the end of last season. But Arsenal have in no way given up their pursuit. The Mail claims the Gunners are still determined to agree a deal with Ajax. The north London club are set to increase their £38m offer in an attempt to strike an agreement. READ MORE: Man Utd have already signed one Ronaldo replacement but now they need a second  Ajax are claimed to value the 24-year-old at £43m. Both Arsenal and United have offered the same amount, but the Red Devils have guaranteed more up front. Martinez has been respectful to Ajax so far but is keen for at least one of the bids to be accepted. The versatile star can play in central defence, left back and in defensive midfield. He joined Ajax from Argentine club Defensa y Justicia in 2019 and has been a regular since, making 120 appearances in all competitions. Arsenal have focused their attention on other areas of the pitch so far in the window but Martinez is their top defensive target. Arteta has made three signings so far this summer. Fabio Vieira is the biggest deal to have been completed after a £34.2m deal was thrashed out last month. DON'T MISSCristiano Ronaldo being pushed towards Man Utd exit door by two playersArsenal's transfer window in danger of collapsing with three deals now in major doubtTottenham dealt blow in pursuit of 'next Gareth Bale' as £17m star looks set to stay  Young winger Marquinhos and goalkeeper Matt Turner have also joined the Gunners. Meanwhile, Gabriel Jesus' arrival is set to be announced imminently after a £45m agreement was struck with Manchester City early last week. United, meanwhile, are yet to make a single signing under Ten Hag. Feyenoord left-back Tyrell Malacia looks set to be the first player through the door after a £13m fee was agreed. Barcelona star Frenkie de Jong remains Ten Hag's top midfield target. But Barca chief Joan Laporta pulled cold water on the chances of a deal when speaking at the weekend. He said: We have no intention of selling him, he wants to stay. I'm going to do everything to keep Frenkie, but there’s also a salary issue and that would have to be adjusted."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here