England produced a stunning performance to hit Norway for eight on Monday evening, with the Lionesses turning on the style in their second Euro 2022 group stage match. Sarina Wiegman's side needed to secure a much-needed victory over Norway to book their place in the quarter-finals of this year's tournament with a game to spare. England certainly got off to a strong start, with Georgia Stanway opening the scoring after just 12 minutes with a well-struck penalty that arrowed into the top corner of the net. Lauren Hemp doubled England's advantage just moments later, bundling the ball home from close range while being played onside by Norway's defenders. The Euro 2022 hosts could have been forgiven for easing off the gas after establishing a quick-fire two-goal lead, but they responded by pushing forward with greater urgency in order to further rattle their opponents by snatching a third. England did just that on the half-hour mark, with Ellen White nicking the ball away from Maria Thorisdottir before finishing one-on-one to spark wild celebrations in the stands at the Amex Stadium. Beth Mead went on to add England's fourth of the evening on 35 minutes before getting on target once again by weaving past a series of weak tackles and slotting the ball home with ease. White then completed the first-half rout with her second goal of the game as half-time approached, diverting Fran Kirby's drilled cross into the back of the net. JUST IN: Erik ten Hag stamps authority at Man Utd by imposing strict phone rule The opening 45 minutes marked arguably England's strongest first-half showing in recent memory, with the Lionesses taking the game by the scruff of the neck and making Norway pay for every single defensive miscalculation, of which there were more than a few. Ian Wright enthused over England's performance in his role as a pundit for BBC Sport when asked to sum up what had just happened after the half-time whistle. "Like I say with England, take your chances and you'll build into the game," he said. "We've got such good players. That's never a penalty for me [for Stanway's goal] but we needed to score early so we could really force the issue on them. "They [Norway] have not had a chance. Our closing down, everything's been magnificent." England went on to score another two goals over the course of the second half, with Alessia Russo firing home shortly after the hour mark before Mead completed a wonderful hat-trick with a tap-in as the match entered into its final stages. The result saw the Lionesses become the first team to progress to the quarter-finals at Euro 2022, which they will be hoping to go on and win in order to secure their first major trophy. The dominance of the hosts was clear to see from the very first whistle to the last, with England registering 25 shots to Norway's total of just four and enjoying the lion's share of possession over the course of the contest. It remains to be seen whether they will be able to maintain their 100 per cent record at the tournament by securing another comfortable win over Northern Ireland in their final group stage fixture in Southampton on Friday. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here