Joe Joyce’s highly controversial loss to Tony Yoka during the Rio 2016 super heavyweight Olympic final looks set to be overturned. Joyce was denied gold via a questionable split decision much to the dismay of 'The Juggernaut.' But redemption could be on its way as the International Olympic Committee (IOC) continue their investigations into dodgy decisions at the Games. The IOC has replaced AIBA in taking control of the sport for the upcoming Olympics after a report from investigator Richard McLaren revealed corruption from inside the association. McLaren’s report uncovered financial and bout integrity issues from 2006-2017 and also pointed to continued alleged misconduct at later tournaments. The 114-page report highlighted ongoing concerns with “unjustifiable” judging scores and warnings by referees to boxers, plus secret signalling between officials during competitions. Now, a host of unfair decisions including Joyce’s 2016 final are expected to come under review. “I've seen the report that I could be promoted to gold, although I'm still waiting for the medal to come in the post. Hopefully, it will happen soon but now I need to keep fighting,” Joyce told the Daily Mail In the meantime, though, Joyce will focus on his career within the paid ranks. As a professional Joyce is 14-0 with 13 wins by way of knockout. On Saturday, he stopped Romanian gatekeeper, Christian Hammer, in the fourth round. After the fight, the Brit told BT Sport that he is ready for all comers including the winner of Anthony Joshua and Oleksandr Usyk. He said: “I’m top level, ready for the world stage I’m a proper heavyweight and I’m fit, I’ve got an engine, I’ve got a chin, a big heart and big cojones as well. So, I’m ready for all comers and I’m looking to fight possibly the winner of AJ-Usyk or maybe Tyson Fury if he comes out but I’m at that level and it’s a shame [Joseph] Parker couldn’t make it tonight, but I don’t know, let’s see what happens.” MORE BOXING NEWS... Joe Joyce has three next fight options after stopping Christian Hammer Mike Tyson describes prison as ‘the best three years of my life’ Joyce's plans plunged into danger as ex-Usyk foe throws name into mix Joyce is expected to return to the ring on September 24 against a currently undisclosed opponent. Before Hammer was brought in, it was supposed to be former WBO heavyweight champion Joseph Parker squaring off against 'The Juggernaut' but those plans hit a snag after the Kiwi signed with rival promotional outfit BOXXER. Joyce will now sit down with his promoter Frank Warren to discuss potential opponents for his September date.