Gazprom said Latvia broke “terms for extraction of gas” but did not elaborate on the alleged violation. The latest halt in gas supplies from Russia comes at a time European countries are preparing to face a gas crisis this winter.   The latest halt in gas supplies from Russia comes at a time European countries are preparing to face a gas crisis this winter. President Vladimir Putin has put out an order demanding "unfriendly" countries pay for gas in roubles set up by a Russian bank. The European Commission has said that those agreeing to the Kremlin's order would be in breach of the EU’s sanctions on Russia. Russia has currently cut off gas supplies to Poland, Bulgaria, Finland, Denmark and the Netherlands for refusing to pay in roubles.  Germany has also faced cutbacks as Russia has stopped gas sales to Hamburg-based company Shell Energy Europe.  The latest gas cuts from Russia come after Latvian gas organisation Latvijas Gaze said it would only pay for Russian gas in euros. Latvijas Gaze also said it was still buying Russian gas but not from Gazprom. The energy company refused to name its business partner, saying it was confidential. Riga has said gas cuts from Russia will have little effect on the country. Edijs Saicans, a Latvian economics ministry official, said: “We do not see any major impacts from such a move.” Latvia also opted to ban imports of Russian gas from January 1 2023 in a vote held earlier this month.  READ MORE: 'Suicide!' Russia sanctions doing 'MORE damage' to Europe - warning  Latvia is the latest country to have its gas supply halted, as Europe faces major gas cuts from Russia. Russia cut gas deliveries to Europe on Wednesday to only 20 percent capacity. European states have accused Moscow of weaponising its gas exports in response to the Western countries' sanctions over the Russian invasion of Ukraine. This week the European Union agreed to emergency regulations on gas use this winter due to uncertain supplies from Russia.  DON'T MISS: Russia in FLAMES: Devastating explosion rips through key gas pipeline [REVEAL]Heat pumps: ‘Dire’ engineer shortage putting roll-out in jeopardy [INSIGHT]Energy savings: Smart home system could slash £600 off energy bills [REPORT] Europe is already seeing the effects of the Russian gas crisis. This week, the city of Hanover in Germany banned hot water and central heating in all public buildings. The mayor of Hanover, Belit Onay, said there was an “'imminent gas shortage” and the city had to reduce energy consumption by 15 percent. President Emmanuel Macron also said France must brace itself for a total cutoff of Russian gas and warned Paris was preparing a conservation plan to limit energy consumption. Belgium has reserved a decision to phase out nuclear energy by 2025 and the Austrian, Dutch and German governments are planning to reopen coal power plants. There have been concerns from environmental activists that the European Union’s goal to become carbon neutral by 2050 will be set back due to the reopening of these power stations.   