According to the reports, the fire department was called to the property on Skene Road around 7.30 pm this evening. The fire is said to be contained within a farm building. Firefighters used two jets, two hose reel jets and thermal imaging cameras to battle the fire.  On Friday afternoon, two females were evacuated from a block of flats in Aberdeen as fire crews battled a blaze in a top-floor property. The fire service was alerted to the incident at around 12:25pm and three appliances were sent to the scene on Clifton Road. The blaze, which started from a kitchen, was brought under control by 2:09pm but crews remain on the scene. Two appliances were sent from North Anderson Drive and one from the Central Fire Station. READ MORE: Royal Navy emergency as submarine warship intercepts Russian vessels  Major incidents across the UK have put strain on fire services as temperatures reached 40C this week. Tuesday was the “busiest day for the fire service in London since the Second World War” said London Mayor Sadiq Khan as services dealt with multiple blazes in record-breaking temperatures. He stressed the impact of the extreme weather on the fire and rescue services. The capital was one of 15 areas around the UK to declare a major incident with fires starting on a day which saw a record temperature of 40.3C (104.5F) in Coningsby, Lincolnshire. DON'T MISS:Ukraine LIVE: Putin warned mobilisation tactic spells failureUkraine in crisis as Kyiv seeks debt adviceUK weather: Thunderstorm alert for Friday  The mayor said: “Normally we get 350 calls a day, on a busy day we can get up to 500 calls. [On Tuesday] the fire service had more than 2,600 calls a day.” In Wennington, East London, 100 firefighters tackled a blaze which destroyed several homes. London Fire Brigade (LFB) said two rows of terraced houses, four other homes, 12 stables and five cars were destroyed by the blaze, while one firefighter at the scene described it as “absolute hell”. Mr Khan has advised Londoners not to have barbecues in parks or private gardens over concerns they could set alight grass. Barbecues are one of the most common causes of grass and open land blazes and while many councils have already localised bans in place, Commissioner Roe from LFB has asked for support city-wide.  