The latest house price index from Zoopla revealed the UK has experienced the lowest rate of monthly price growth since December 2019. Average property prices increased by 0.1 percent in June 2022. Annually, property prices are up +8.4 percent, compared to +9.2 percent growth in April. Quarterly growth is at 1.4 percent which is the slowest it’s been since March 2021. However, despite there being less price growth, there is still a lot of demand within the UK housing market. Overall demand for homes is much higher than the five-year average. The housing market in the South West is the most buoyant with the average property taking just 19 days to sell between listing and having an offer accepted. READ MORE:  'Bizarre': Prince Andrew still lives with Sarah in £30m home Bristol, South Gloucestershire, Plymouth, Swindon and Exeter are the fastest-moving markets due to there being more stock and choice in these areas. London continues to lag behind the rest of the UK as the country’s slowest moving market. Time to sell a property stands at 35 days compared which is a lot longer when compared to the 22-day national average. Wales and London are at opposite ends of the spectrum when it comes to house price growth (11.4 percent vs 3.9 percent), according to Zoopla. DON’T MISSDEAL OF THE DAY: Early Prime Day deal - Save 43% off Bosch DIY [INSIGHT]When to prune honeysuckle - three key timings for ‘romantic’ climbers [UPDATE]How to ‘immediately’ increase your property value by 10-15 percent [ANALYSIS] However, in monetary terms the two areas have seen similar increases, highlighting the disparity in regional house prices across the UK. Average house prices in Wales are up by £32,000 over the last 24 months taking prices to an average of £192,500. Property values in London have increased by £30,000 over the same period, with average house prices now at £516,100. Nottingham has had the highest price growth at 10.4 percent, followed by Bournemouth at 10.2 percent. Nottingham has been among the top performers in terms of price growth for the last year. The city’s affordability has seen it gain favour with property buyers. Meanwhile, Bournemouth’s price rises reflects people’s ongoing appetite to live by the sea. However, the slowdown in the speed of agreeing a sale is expected to continue. Demand for homes in the South West has seen the sharpest slow-down over the last month with -16 percent for flats and -14 percent for houses. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Zoopla said house prices fall when there are forced sellers, which they don’t anticipate. However, they said they do expect buyers to become more price sensitive which could lead to fewer sales and lower price growth. The property site said this is due to the number of homeowners on fixed-rate mortgages, which protect them against interest rate rises in the short to medium-term, the stress tests carried out on those loans, and the healthy employment market. Higher borrowing costs will start to impact new buyers. Although house prices may not be growing as fast as they were, the rate of annual house price growth is steady. With this in mind, owners considering whether now is the right time to put their house on the market are urged to act now according to Gráinne Gilmore, head of research at Zoopla. She said: “Buyer demand is still strong in the housing market, but signals are emerging that the impetus may be easing, so those who want to make a move should investigate their options sooner rather than later. “In addition, mortgage rates are likely to continue to climb, so locking into a rate shortly could save hundreds over the longer-term. “There are many factors supporting the price growth seen since the start of the pandemic, not least the continued imbalance between demand and supply, but the increasing cost of living, increasing mortgage rates for buyers and cloudier economic outlook will act as a brake on house price growth through the rest of the year.” Nick Leeming, Chairman of Jackson-Stops, said: “The slower pace of growth overall is a sign that economic headwinds are coming down the tracks. “I think we’ll look back and note the first quarter of 2022 as the absolute pinnacle of post-pandemic related enthusiasm, with an incredible amount of pent-up momentum. “But the trampling on shoulders amongst buyers that we’ve seen is unlikely to sustain. It’s now apparent that April will be looked back on as an inflection point of the market. “We are already seeing many over-ambitious sellers coming back down to the realms of reality. The housing market frenzy has a chill in its spine, but not enough to curb continuing incremental growth entirely this year thanks to the laws of supply and demand. “The summer market will likely be characteristic of a steadier future, as residential property data is fairly slow moving against wider economic risks. “What we are seeing is more supply coming to the market in most regions, partly in the belief that house prices are peaking, but also to lock in the best mortgage rates as the era of ultra-cheap money comes to an end.”  Richard Davies, Managing Director of Chestertons, said: “May of this year even surpassed May 2021’s performance when we had the added stamp duty incentive. "We registered a monthly year on year uplift of 57 percent in buyer enquiries and 19 percent increase in offers being made. This confirms that buyer confidence has returned despite economic challenges and that house hunters are eager to find their property before any further interest rate hikes. “As the UK’s capital, London’s property market remains a hotspot and attracts a wide demographic of property buyers. Our branches receive enquiries from families, couples and investors but, particularly post-pandemic, we are seeing an uplift in the number of international students, international buyers as well as office workers who require a pied-à-terre closer to work.”