Fern Britton, 64, has apologised after she was branded “irresponsible” for tweeting that Buckingham Palace and 10 Downing Street should “beware” after the home of Sri Lankan Prime Minister Ranil Wickremesinghe was set on fire by protesters. Protesters stormed the country’s capital due to a lack of food, fuel and medicine. The shortage has caused prices to soar and inflation has hit 30 percent.As the news broke on Saturday, Fern tweeted in view of her 115,000 followers: “Sri Lankans have stormed the presidential palace in Colombo. This is the result of a shortage of water, fuel and food.  “Who can blame them? No 10 and Buckingham Palace beware.” READ MORE:Anita Dobson reacts to critics after flashing legs distracts viewers Andy said: “Can’t decide if your tweet is pointless or irresponsible.”  Chris replied: “Both!!!”While Sarah stated: “We don’t have a shortage of water, fuel, and food...It’s just too bl***y expensive!” An hour later, Fern issued an apology and clarified her comments. She penned: “I apologise. I didn’t mean that we should similarly storm public buildings.  “What I do mean is that with grim predictions of men/women/children unable to afford to eat or heat this winter, need to be tackled right now.” (sic)Plenty of the presenter’s followers rallied behind her and offered their words of support.Michele wrote: “I knew what you meant Fern, and I expect the majority did. My blood boils at the unfairness of aspects of our country, it's a human right to eat, and feel warm and just feel that you are valued.” DON'T MISSChristian Horner admits 'problem' at home with Geri Halliwell[INSIGHT]Pauline Collins’ heartbreaking battle with giving daughter up[NEWS]Zoe Ball bids farewell to Radio 2 studio amid recent BBC shake-up[LATEST] Ripper echoed: “Who on earth thought you meant that? People are too busy interpreting things the way they want, often with a ‘knee jerk’ reaction, instead of thinking things through. I understood what you meant perfectly, Fern."And Steve penned: “I don't think you need to apologise. We all know you're the last person who would advocate civil unrest and violence. You just make a very valid point!”As a result of the protests in Sri Lanka, both President Gotabya Rajapaksa and Prime Minister Wickremesinghe have agreed to resign.The resignations will make way for an all-party unity government in the wake of the economic crisis. 