Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag must work out who is leaking information from the dressing room at Old Trafford, according to Gabriel Agbonlahor. The former Aston Villa forward says it is a problem that leaks continue to come out of the club. Ten Hag was reported earlier this month to have put five strict rules in place for his players to follow. The rules include a ban on personal chefs and drinking alcohol during match weeks. In February, United legend Gary Neville claimed he knew who was leaking information from the dressing room but wouldn't reveal a name. Agbonlahor says it is clear that the issue is yet to be resolved since the appointment of Ten Hag as manager. He said on talkSPORT: “That has been a problem at Manchester United recently, a lot of things have been leaked from the changing room, but how is he going to find out who it is? I remember Gary Neville said last season that he knew who was leaking stuff but didn’t reveal it, so maybe Ten Hag knows and has spoken to that person, but that shouldn’t be something that happens. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd target fourth deal, Chelsea £55m bid, Barca plot Arsenal move  “There were so many fights at Aston Villa, punch-ups on the training ground, that no one ever found out about, no one told anyone. That’s how it should be.” Agbonlahor feels Ten Hag's rules are "overkill" and says most of them are standard practice at any professional club. He added: “The players don’t [drink anymore], they’ll maybe have a glass of red with dinner, maybe on the weekend or something. “The rules Ten Hag is giving are normal rules. Players will always get weighed once or twice a week. DON'T MISSMan Utd warned Frenkie de Jong doesn't want to join because of two playersChelsea boss Thomas Tuchel backed to sign his own Thiago AlcantaraLiverpool 'to start Matheus Nunes negotiations' after making Jude Bellingham request  "That’s normal to keep tabs on what you eat. With the drinking, the players don’t do it anyway, so when he’s come in and given out these rules, the players are probably thinking, ‘We do this anyway, gaffer, it’s nothing new to us’. “I feel like that’s overkill, [with the ban on] personal chefs, they’re going to cook them healthy food. Maybe just tell them these are the sort of foods you’ve got to eat. “I think he’s overdoing it a bit now because players are going to have personal chefs. They can cook healthy food, they know what foods to feed players, so why would they need to take food from the training ground?”  Click here to buy the new Man Utd home shirt