England were involved in an unusual moment in their Euro 2022 opener against Austria as VAR double-checked a decision made by the goal-line technology. Beth Mead’s wonderful 16th-minute goal was awarded after goal-line technology was consulted to check the ball crossed the line. But the restart was then paused while VAR ensured the decision was correct in scenes that have never been seen before. Mead superbly controlled a pass inside the penalty area before looping an effort over the goalkeeper and towards goal. It initially appeared that an Austrian defender had prevented the ball from crossing the line, with neither the assistant referee nor the referee awarding a goal. But the official soon allowed the strike after being given the signal from her watch. A referee receives a buzz on their watch from goalline technology when the ball has crossed the goal line. Initial broadcast replays did not conclusively show that the ball had gone into the goal and the restart was paused while VAR officials double-checked the decision. Following a brief VAR check, referee Marta Huerta da Aza confirmed that the Lionesses had taken the lead. It is unusual for VAR to double-check a decision made by goal-line technology given the latter's accuracy. VAR did not even intervene when goal-line technology stopped working during a Premier League fixture between Aston Villa and Sheffield United in 2020. Sheffield United had appeared to score in the first half but the goal was not awarded as the goal-line technology had faltered. Villa won the game and ended up remaining in the top-flight by a point at the end of the campaign. The decision to award Mead's goal was ultimately the correct one. The goal-line technology graphic showed that the ball had crossed the line by at least a few centimetres. DON'T MISS...Jesse Lingard may snub Tottenham and West Ham amid MLS transfer talksLiverpool set for transfer profit as Celtic eye deal for forgotten manChelsea star Marcos Alonso 'considers handing in transfer request' “We’ve put in the work over the last however many weeks, and we’ve ticked the boxes so to speak that we needed to tick, but also knowing how big a moment tomorrow is. But also the summer, we know what it is, what to expect and we’re ready for it," captain Leah Williamson said ahead of England's first match. “I think everybody’s got their own things in place now to be able to deal with it and pressure is a privilege. It’s something we’re embracing. That comes with it, that’s part of the job, but it doesn’t mean we won’t enjoy it at the same time. “We’re not robots, there’s going to be nerves. We’re aware of the expectation. But from within the camp it’s all about the excitement of it and enjoying it, and this is my job – if I wasn’t ready for tomorrow, if I wasn’t allowed to enjoy it, why would I do it?”  