Your instincts tell you that a newcomer to your work or social scene is someone you should try to get to know better. You might feel they will play an important part in your future. Once you get talking, you could spend more time together than you had originally intended. A good sign your instincts are right. A few hours spent somewhere peaceful and quiet could help you feel more spiritually and emotionally refreshed. You could find your mind is filled with creative and imaginative thoughts and you might want to put these qualities into projects at home. You could be surprised by how your ideas can improve your surroundings. There’s something of a tug of war going on inside of you. You’re finding it hard to decide between a need to get on with your usual responsibilities and an increasing desire to join friends in the plans they are making. Your best answer will probably be to try to fit a bit of both into your day.  What will suit your mood best of all is doing something different to normal. Whether you are at home or out at work or even working from home, try breaking with your normal routine. In close relationships, you can afford to be honest about your feelings without any fear of others feeling overwhelmed. There continues to be a serious and heavy aura around some aspects of your life including your career and other responsibilities. You may not be in the mood for heavy work but you may not have any choice about it when a host of demands are being aimed in your direction. Others are relying on you to take the lead and this surprises you when you feel there is someone else who is more qualified. If you point this out and this makes no difference to what has already been decided, accept it if you people want to take the helm and no one else.  You have energy in abundance so don’t be surprised if other people can’t keep up with you. Some recent careful planning is starting to pay when several positive factors are now brought together. You are seeing the results of all the time and effort you put into laying the groundwork of an important project Ignore a colleague’s imaginative ideas on how to improve a work project. They aren’t likely to work. Keep your mind firmly on practical matters. If you allow anyone to lead you away from tried and tested methods, it could take you twice as long to complete routine jobs. You are known for your optimism and positivity but occasionally things can get a bit too much for you. A great black cloud might seem to settle around your shoulders. You’re regarding the world through dark glasses and might start wondering when a problem is going to end. You know the answer: it is only temporary.  A project that is currently under consideration might benefit from keeping it secret for the time being. Others involved can be trusted for their discretion. You will prefer to keep a low profile and your time can be usefully spent by working behind the scenes. Someone who is older is in an argumentative mood. Their comments seem deliberately designed to annoy you and they are waiting for you to take the bait. The last thing you want is to fall out with them and decide to take a step back from a tense situation. There should be plenty to feel happy about. A few small problems aren’t anything you can’t overcome with ease. A spur-of-the-moment suggestion for having fun over the next few days will be well worth your consideration. Choose pleasure as opposed to duty. 