Nickie Murtagh, 37, started using sunbeds in her early 20s and it soon turned into a twice-a-week obsession. But the mum-of-three almost lost her life as a result of the habit. The childminder from London found a spot on her head where her hair parts which failed to heal and grew into a lump. Nickie said she visited her GP twice and was told on both occasions it was a cosmetic issue and the lump was just a cyst. She added her GP said if she wanted it to be removed it would have to be through a private appointment. The lump was still growing by February 2018, but doctors insisted its removal would require a cosmetic procedure.  Nickie saw a dermatologist three months later who instantly raised the alarm and sent her for a biopsy. She received the awful news she had skin cancer on May 13 that same year and was booked in to get the lump removed and a skin graft completed in December 2018. Nickie said: "I was awake during the whole process and it was the worst thing I’ve ever experienced in my life." The tissue was sent away for analysis and it was later confirmed Nickie was cancer free.  READ MORE ABOUT AN 'EXTREMELY PAINFUL' SIGN OF COVID VARIANT BA.5   She said: "I now have regular checks of my skin and moles. I am left with huge scars and awful skin on my face due to sun damage, especially melasma." Melasma is a skin condition which sees brown or blue-grey patches or freckle-like spots appear in sunny conditions. Nickie said: "I have tried so many treatments for this but nothing works, which shows the damage I have done to it. "I’m always worried about a return as skin cancer is usually recurrent. The fear is real and it never goes away."   DON'T MISS: EU nation buys 1,000 ‘best artillery’ tanks from South Korea [REVEALED] Putin saving military might for NATO attack [LATEST] Royal Family LIVE: Meghan steps in as Harry 'worried sick' [REPORT] She now has regular skin checks and raises awareness of skin cancer as she documents her journey on TikTok where she urges others to be safe in the sun and not repeat her mistakes. One clip sees Nickie showing viewers the uneven skin tone on her face. It received 3.5 million views and racked up 215,000 likes, as viewers praised her bravery and vowed not to use sun beds. As with the sun, sunbeds, sun lamps and tanning booths emit ultraviolet (UV) radiation, which can damage the DNA in your skin cells, according to Cancer Research UK.  The effects of UV can cause cells to start growing out of control, which can lead to skin cancer, including melanoma. This is a type of cancer which can spread to other parts of the body. Cancer Research UK says sunbeds are bad for you, adding "there is no such thing as healthy UV tanning". The charity recommends using fake tan as a safer alternative, though it warns such products do not provide protection from UV radiation.  In 2010, the Sunbeds (Regulation) Act made it illegal for people under the age of 18 to use sunbeds. Anyone with a sunbed business is committing an offence if they offer tanning services to people under the age of 18. 