High profile cabinet ministers Rishi Sunak and Sajid Javid resigned from cabinet this afternoon, sparking widespread calls for Mr Johnson's resignation. Taking the opportunity to hit the PM while he was down, the SNP swiped at the PM. Their tweet read: "Rishi Sunak and Sajid Javid have resigned from Boris Johnson’s cabinet. "It’s time Boris Johnson finally realised the party is over." SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon later added her own comment, saying: "Feels like end might be nigh for Johnson - not a moment too soon. "Notable though that the resigning ministers were only prepared to go when they were lied to - they defended him lying to public. "The whole rotten lot need to go." Former Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson has added to the pile-on, tweeting: "Pleased to see Sajid Javid and Rishi Sunak showing some backbone. This has gone on far too long." The leader of Scottish Labour Anas Sarwar has also slammed Mr Johnson, describing Mr Javid and Mr Sunak as "rats fleeing a sinking ship". He added: "Boris Johnson must resign and the Tories must call a general election. "Only Labour can replace this morally bankrupt and corrupt Tory government, and build a better future for the UK." The two senior ministers announced their resignations just moments apart. Their statements launched a full frontal assault on the PM's conduct in office, warning of a need for change. Mr Johnson has faced enormous pressure to resign after it emerged he had appointed Tory MP Chris Pincher to a key welfare position in Government despite being aware of specific allegations of sexual assault against him. A No10 spokesman had earlier claimed Mr Johnson was not aware of the allegations against Mr Pincher. The SNP's Westminster leader Ian Blackford said the resignations "had to be the end" for the beleaguered PM. He said: "We have no confidence in him and nor does his Health Secretary or Chancellor. Surely it is now just a matter of time, perhaps hours before Boris Johnson leaves office. "It has to be over."  In his letter of resignation, Mr Sunak said "the public rightly expect Government to be conducted properly, competently and seriously", adding "I believe these standards are worth fighting for and that is why I am resigning." Meanwhile, Mr Javid wrote: "We may not have always been popular, but we have been competent in acting in the national interest. "Sadly, in the current circumstances, the public are concluding that we are now neither."  In a TV interview just moments before the resignations were confirmed, the Prime Minister apologised for hiring Mr Pincher. He said: "I think it was a mistake and I apologise for it. In hindsight it was the wrong thing to do. "I apologise to everybody who has been badly affected by it. "I want to make absolutely clear that there's no place in this Government for anybody who is predatory or who abuses their position of power." However Scottish Secretary Alister Jack put his support behind the PM, saying: “I fully support the Prime Minister. I am sorry to see good colleagues resign, but we have a big job of work to do, and that’s what we’re getting on with.” 