Happy Valley fans assumed the drama was over for good, seeing as it hadn't been seen since 2016. But there is still life in the BBC One crime drama yet as it has been confirmed a third outing is currently in the works. Here's everything Express.co.uk knows about Happy Valley so far. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Happy Valley.It's been a long time since Happy Valley was last on but creator Sally Wainwright has announced some good news. There will be a season three after all with filming recently wrapped up on the new episodes after the cast and crew got back to work in January. The series isn't going to pretend that no time has passed though as the seven-year gap between the seasons will be reflected in the show. According to Wainwright, the wait for series three was a purposeful decision to do with the upcoming plot. READ MORE: Lorraine Kelly in savage sweating jibe at Prince Andrew "I think it's going to be good. I think it's going to be exciting," she told RadioTimes.com. "We've got some very good stories." "Everyone's back – all the characters you'd expect to see are back. We're seven years on. "The plan was to wait for Ryan to be older so that he can make his own choices about whether he wants to have contact with his dad or not. So it really explores that." It has been confirmed that the main cast from the previous series will be back for season three. This of course includes actress Sarah Lancashire in the role of Catherine Cawood, Siobhan Finneran as Clare Cartwright, James Norton as Tommy Lee Royce and George Costigan as Nevison Gallagher. Child star Rhys Connah will be returning to play Catherine's grandson Ryan. This time around, Connah is all grown up and will have a bigger part to play in season three. DON'T MISS...'BBC should be ashamed!' Countryfile viewers blast Brexit coverage [REACTION]EastEnders theory: Phil Mitchell sends Ben Mitchell to prison  [THEORY]Gentleman Jack cancelled: Could there still be a season 3 on the BBC? [CANCELLED] The official synopsis for Happy Valley season three reads: "When Catherine discovers the remains of a gangland murder victim in a drained reservoir, it sparks a chain of events that unwittingly leads her straight back to Tommy Lee Royce. "Her grandson Ryan is now 16 and still living with Catherine, but he has ideas of his own about what kind of relationship he wants to have with the man Catherine refuses to acknowledge as his father. "Still battling the seemingly never-ending problem of drugs in the valley and those who supply them, Catherine is on the cusp of retirement." In terms of a potential release date, there has been no talk so far for Happy Valley season three's premiere. Filming has concluded on the new episodes which could indicate the series will come out sooner rather than later. However, the general consensus is that the drama will be back in late 2022 at the earliest. Happy Valley seasons 1 and 2 are available to watch on BBC iPlayer.