It is entirely normal to lose hair, and the average person can lose up to 100 hairs a day, often without noticing, according to the NHS. Women lose hair for a variety of reasons, but many are extremely self-conscious when their hair starts to thin or areas of the scalp start to bald. Express.co.uk spoke to Cally Borg, owner of Cally Borg Hair and session stylist about thinning hair, and how certain hairstyles can give the appearance of thicker hair, while some should be avoided. As for when a woman’s hair starts to thin, Cally said: “Unfortunately, depending on what is causing the hair loss, it can start at any age, especially if it is medically induced. “Typically, women tend to report changes in their hair, such as more hair fall, thinning hair (particularly around the front hair line and the parting) from as young as 30, but most commonly between late 40s and 50s. “The most common contributing factors are hormones, thyroid dysfunction, stress, ageing and genetics.” A woman’s hair tends to thin “around the hairline and the parting area”. READ MORE: ‘Effective’ way to ‘improve sagging skin and cellulite’ - no surgery There are a few things a hairstylist can do, to help reduce the appearance of thin hair and/or give the appearance of thicker hair. Cally explained: “We would generally tailor a haircut, judging by the hair type and where the hair loss is. “But as a rule, I find that shorter cuts with layers creating more volume is best to disguise uneven hair growth.” For anyone with thin hair, Cally said there is one hairstyle she doesn’t recommend. “I would avoid very long styles, fine hair needs blunt lines to create fullness,” she commented. DON'T MISS...July 2022 horoscope: What’s in store for each star sign? [ASTROLOGY]Keep bread fresh for 3 weeks with simple food storage hack [GUIDE]Letitia Dean weight loss: Soap star drops 4 dress sizes with new diet [PICTURES] “Bobs are my favourite style on fine hair.” For anyone with thin hair, Cally had some advice when it comes to styling it. She said: “I would also advise anyone with fine hair to go easy with heat tools. “TUFT [a brand of heat tools] actually go as low as 120 degrees which are perfect for styling fine hair. “[In comparison,] Ghds are set to 185 degrees, and always use heat protection when styling.” While some women embrace their natural grey or white hair, others prefer to dye it. READ MORE: How to look younger: Eyebrow shape to avoid or risk the face ‘ageing’ “Bobs are my favourite style on fine hair.” For anyone with thin hair, Cally had some advice when it comes to styling it. She said: “I would also advise anyone with fine hair to go easy with heat tools. “TUFT [a brand of heat tools] actually go as low as 120 degrees which are perfect for styling fine hair. “[In comparison,] Ghds are set to 185 degrees, and always use heat protection when styling.” While some women embrace their natural grey or white hair, others prefer to dye it. Is there a particular colour which can help thin hair appear thicker? Cally said: “This would need to be tailored to the individual, but creating bespoke colour techniques for people with thinning hair can be a complete game-changer. “Using the depth from a colour in the right places can help the hair appear fuller and adding lighter pieces will add texture to the hair.” There are also some products Cally recommends to help thicken hair. “It’s key to remember that prevention is more effective than cure - the earlier you start to treat hair loss, the more effective the treatment can be,” she commented. “Don’t leave it too late - as soon as you start to notice hair loss, you should be treating it. “We recommend the EveryGreen Loss control range, coupled with Glowwa Hair vitamins - between the two products, one treating from the inside and one from the outside, they contain all of the ingredients your hair needs for optimal growth.” EveryGreen Loss Control is a shampoo, conditioner and treatment. For urgent action, apply at least three times a week, for two to three weeks consecutively. As a preventive or maintenance treatment, use it once or twice a week for five to six consecutive weeks. It contains organic jojoba oil to protect and hydrate hair fibre; while an energising complex of ginseng extract, caffeine, thyme essential oil and sweet white lupin extract strengthen and thicken the fibre. Glowwa is an incredible blend of hair food vitamins that stimulates healthy hair growth within 12 weeks, and the results are amazing, they have some incredible before and after shots and are taking salons by storm as we’re seeing real results on clients with hair loss.