As the Queen heads to Balmoral for the summer, much of her family will travel to Scotland to spend quality time with the monarch. It’s been reported Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have been invited to Balmoral with their children. While the Queen invites much of her family to join her, royal correspondent Charles Rae said it’s likely Harry could miss seeing his brother there. Speaking to Anne Diamond and Stephen Dixon on GB News, he claimed he wouldn’t be surprised if the Sussexes don’t turn up. Anne asked: “Do you think the Queen has done this? It’s a bit of a rumour at the moment but it’s really interesting if she has.” “Well, it’s slightly more than a rumour because staff have been told at Balmoral to prepare for the visit but they’re preparing for the visit of all members of the Royal Family who turn up at different times,” Charles replied. “So, it’s not unusual or a very big surprise that she has invited Harry and obviously Meghan because he is still her grandson. READ MORE: Lizzie Cundy savages Harry and Meghan's security demands “Now people are saying this is an olive branch to try and keep the peace and everything else. “Well, if they do turn up at Balmoral, which I am very doubtful that they will, if they do turn up, they may well get more than 15 minutes with the Queen than they got at the jubilee.” Anne later asked: “If they do come and the Queen had indeed thought, ‘Oh I’ll invite them,’ the other part of the rumour, the other end of it, is that they would be invited at a time when they wouldn’t have to bump into other members of the family. “Could that be true?” “That is almost certainly true because all members of the family are usually invited to Balmoral and they arrive at different times,” Charles explained “It’s quite a while she is up there and likes to have her family around her,” Charles explained. “So they, William, Catherine and the children go up, so do Zara and Mike Tindall and Edward and Sophie. DON'T MISS...Graham Norton slams Royal Family for ‘never learning’ [INTERVIEW]Eugenie and Beatrice 'struggling to remain cordial' with William  [LATEST]Royal Family LIVE: Queen tipped for snub after Sussex offer [LIVE] “They don’t usually go up at the same time.” Anne continued: “So this could be choreographed but as you say you find it unlikely they would want to. “On the other hand, it would give her time to see her grandchildren. She hardly knows them at all. “Again, from the Sussexes point of view, it cements their royal credentials.”  It comes after a Balmoral insider claimed staff have been told to prepare for the family’s arrival from California. They told The Sun on Sunday: “Staff have been told to expect the full list of royals including Harry, Meghan and their children Archie and Lilibet. "They are preparing for the Sussexes.” Breakfast with Stephen and Anne airs Saturday and Sunday on GB News from 6am.