Netflix’s reality series Snowflake Mountain is heartwarming and hilarious in equal measure. Focusing on a group of young adults learning to stand on their own two feet via a survival course. The show has been popular thanks to some of the hilarious characters - but many people watching want to know if the show is scripted. Netflix confirmed to Express.co.uk Snowflake Mountain is a completely non-scripted reality show. Additionally, contestant Rae said she was pleasantly surprised about how accurately she and her friends were represented on the series. She exclusively told Express.co.uk: “When I watched the series. I feel like it couldn’t represent me more. So that’s another thing, you worry about how you’re going to be represented. You don’t know what they’re going to show. “When I saw it, it represented all of us. I couldn’t believe how well it represented all of us. READ MORE: Snowflake Mountain season 2: Will there be another series? "It really did and it hit everyone on the head. Everyone was everyone, like that’s how it was. That was the dynamic.” Speaking about the differences between the Brits and the Americans on the show, Rae said: “It was such a great experience because our personalities - as a Brit when someone falls over, we laugh and make light of the situation and get someone laughing about it. “When I fell over, Liam instantly laughed and I was like, ‘Thank you, you’ve made it better.’ [The Americans] were like, ‘Oh my gosh, are you okay?’ Like really concerned about me hurting myself. “I fall over 24/7. I’m probably the clumsiest person I ever know, so I’m used to it. I was like, ‘Just leave me be.’ READ MORE: Snowflake Mountain: Why was Devon allowed to stay? “But they are so caring and they’re shocked to how we react to maybe bad things.” The only planned moment on the show appeared to be when the snowflakes’ suitcases were blown up. The kidults were later reunited with their personal belongings after it emerged it had all been a ruse to teach them an important lesson about materialism. Fans may also be wondering about the microphones on the show, with Rae revealing all: “I don’t know if you noticed, we’re all wearing the green necklaces? The mic is fitted in there. “So it was like a little outfit, some show merch there. We had these green necklaces that were all fluffy because of the wind and things. They were hidden in there.” Rae continued: “They were a lot more discreet, which I think that’s why people find it hard to believe if it was real but it really was real.” She added: “Like everything we said was from our mouths. No one told us to do anything - bar Matt and Joel - but we were ourselves and it was free speech the whole time.” Rae said she had no idea where Matt and Joel were lurking but the survivalists would turn up at the most inopportune moments when the snowflakes least expected it. DON'T MISS...Snowflake Mountain: Did they really blow up the suitcases? [ANALYSIS]Is Snowflake Mountain real? [INSIGHT]How long were they on Snowflake Mountain? [EXPLAINER] She said she and fellow contestant Liam Brown only discovered Matt and Joel had been covertly watching the camp after they sat down to watch the show on Netflix. Rae said she “couldn’t believe” they were being watched, particularly due to the lack of electrical sockets out in the wilderness. But the former Wilderness Warrior took it on the chin and said it was “good to see their reactions” to goings-on at the Snowflake camp. Rae admitted she didn’t know where the cameras were hidden, saying of Joel and Matt: “They’d come out of the wilderness and we wouldn’t have a clue about where they’d come from. They always looked and smelled clean. But I don’t know where. They would just appear.” Snowflake Mountain is streaming on Netflix now