The BBC star claimed that the protesters would be looked on “favourably” in history and that there was a greater risk from climate change than there was “attempting to delay a motor race”. The comments drew ire on Twitter from a sports editor at the Evening Standard and former British racer Martin Brundle, among others. Mr Lineker took to Twitter to give his views on the protesters who blocked Silverstone race track before getting arrested. He said: “If it’s not already too late, history will look back very favourably on these people.” Martin Brundle, former British formula one driver and current commentator on Sky Sports, pleaded with Mr Lineker on Twitter not to encourage such “reckless behaviour”. He said: “Gary please don’t encourage this reckless behaviour. They’d have been sliced into 100 pieces and fans, marshals and drivers were wholly at risk of injury and death. “We already had one lucky escape. I totally 100% support freedom of speech and opinion, but do it responsibly.”  However, Mr Lineker wasn't finished defending the protesters and hit back at Mr Brundle. He said: “Way more risk of death with climate change to everyone than there is attempting to delay a motor race.” However, Sports Digital Content Editor for the Evening Standard, Marc Mayo, savagely hit back after the comments, noting that the chance of death from being hit by a Formula 1 car was likely “100 per cent”. He said: “10am on Monday and we already have the worst take of the week. Bravo everybody. “(For what it’s worth, being hit by a car at 190mph is 100% chance of death. You can't get higher than 100%).”  READ MORE: Brexit POLL: Are civil servants trying to wreck UK's exit from EU? Mr Lineker hit back in the row, he said: “So you think they would race with people on the track? Ridiculous thought.” When the protesters came out onto the track, there had previously been a red flag incident during the race, meaning that cars were not moving as fast as they could have been. Even so, Mr Mayo noted that the activists could have protested when the track was empty just minutes before. He said: “They literally were racing. If they'd run on the track 20 minutes before with it empty then that would've made more sense all round.” Others jumped on the opportunity to slam Mr Lineker, Technical Editor for motorsport.com jumped into the fray.  DON'T MISS: Fiona Bruce's 'toughest interview' as Lord Sugar shouted and swore [REVEAL]Ukraine may develop its own horror nukes in huge threat to Putin [INSIGHT]Copenhagen shooting: Gunman opens fire in shopping centre [REPORT] He said: “Gary, you do realise they entered an active track, yea? The race had started, the only reason we aren't talking about a tragedy here is because the race was red flagged for the start line incident. I'm all for protest but this wasn't how you go about it.” The Just Stop Oil protesters stormed the track shortly after the start of the race. The race had been red flagged, meaning that although cars were on the track, they were moving a fraction of their top speed. Formula 1 said in a statement following the incident: “We can confirm that after the red flag, several people attempted to enter the track. These people were immediately removed and the matter is now being dealt with by the local authorities.” Formula 1 aims to have a net-zero carbon footprint by 2030. 