James Moore is best known for playing loveable Ryan Stocks on Emmerdale, the long-lost son of Charity Dingle (played by Emma Atkins) and the adoptive son of Irene Stocks (Eithne Browne). Since joining the cast of the ITV soap in 2018, the character has become a familiar face in the village and earlier this year, he bought the deeds to the Woolpack pub. With the young man making his mark on the Yorkshire-based village, it seems he isn't going anywhere for the moment and appears wise beyond his years. First arriving as part of Charity's sexual abuse storyline, James' character Ryan was revealed to be 28 years old as he was born on December 31, 1990. Now, the villager is 31 years old and is getting ready to celebrate his birthday later this year but the actor is actually younger than this. Born on August 15, 1992, the soap star is currently 29 years old and will celebrate his 30th birthday next month. This means he is just under two years younger than his alter-ego but when it comes to acting on-screen, it doesn't make a difference. Although the actor is active on social media platforms, he doesn't seem to tend to post about he marks his birthdays. READ MORE: Why did Aunt Joan leave Doc Martin? This means when the actor joined the cast of Emmerdale, he was only 25 years old, which is not an uncommon age for stars of the show to make their debuts. He made his first appearance as Ryan in May 2018, meaning he would have been celebrating his 26th birthday a few months later. Emmerdale is James' first big break into playing a character on television, as he had done some work on the stage before. This included roles in stage productions such as Strawman by Rex Obano at the National Youth Theatre Epic Stages Showcase and a version of Romeo and Juliet by Kieran Mortell at a Playhouse Summer Showcase. James made history with his introduction to the show as he is the first actor on the soap to have cerebral palsy. In 2019, he won the Best Newcomer Award at the National Television Awards as viewers applauded him for normalising disabilities with his role on the show. Accepting the accolade at the time, the young soap star said: "Thank you so much, this means the world to me, oh my God. "A year ago, I never thought I’d be here, you know what I mean? And for Emmerdale to take on someone with a disability shows the progression that we need in this day and age." He uses his social media platforms, in particular, to campaign for more TV roles for people with disabilities. Addressing this, the actor said: "I would like to get into a position where we’re putting more disabled people into the industry and casting them in more roles. "Because there are a lot out there. In my own work and my own public stuff like Twitter, I’m trying to advocate for more." DON'T MISS...Nicola Wheeler health: Emmerdale star opens up about operation [COMMENT]Charley Webb leaves Emmerdale co-stars in tears with moving clip [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Charley Webb laments 'crying, screaming and arguing' kids [COMMENT] James continued to explain: "I think it’s a great tool to use for activism and speaking up and getting your voice heard. "I’ve always been aware there are a lot of barriers to it which is why I didn’t go to drama school the first time. "But at the end of the day, especially considering how more open we’re getting in the modern-day, I think now would be a good time to throw what I’ve got in and see what happens. "I never thought that I’d be getting the role on Emmerdale," he added, before discussing what his first audition was like. Speaking on ITV's This Morning, he recalled: "The first one was pretty scary… there’s no expression whatsoever, they don’t give you any indication of what’s going on." "Then the screen-test was even more nerve-wracking because I was on set with Emma Atkins doing a scene on the actual set with cameras around me, so that was even more intense," he explained. "But Emma was lovely and I feel we’ve bonded really well," he added and the idea he won an award for Best Newcomer is still a huge accomplishment for him. James said: "It still doesn’t feel real that I’m sat here talking to you and that I won at the NTAs, you know. The moment I won the award, that 15 minutes after that was just a blur, I can’t remember any of it. "I know I can’t believe it’s been such a short time but the public really seems to have taken to my character and to me as an actor. "And to have that kind of recognition and appreciation so early on in my career essentially means the world to me. It’s incredible." Despite all this, he never thought he would be able to make it into acting, with James stating: "It wasn’t easy, and I didn’t know whether I would be able to make a career and earn a living from it. “It’s hard for anyone, but when I was growing up, there weren’t many disabled people being represented on film or television," he told Disability Times. The character James plays has become such a part of village life that there is nothing he can't do, with other villagers often relying on him to help them. At the moment, he is trying to help Amy Wyatt (Natalie Ann Jamieson) with her relationship problems but will he end up falling for her in the process? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.