The animals have correctly said the team would win the quarter and semi-final games. Now the meerkats at Drusillas Park, Sussex, predicted football is coming home in the match against Germany. The animals predicted the result by being offered a choice of which food bucket they would like to snack from, with each bucket having the team's flag on it.  The bucket picked by most meerkats is declared the winner. This activity is part of the zoo’s enrichment programme which ensures all animals enjoy a diverse diet in “imaginative and unusual ways”. By implementing activities with meal times, the meerkats are encouraged to think and work for their food as they would in the wild. These meerkats – nicknamed the mystic meerkats – have previously been good luck charms for fans with their prediction for the Euro 2020 match.   A few weeks ago, the meerkats were featured on Heart FM where they made their comeback and predicted the quarter finals result which they got spot on. And when keepers asked them to predict the semi-final results against Sweden, their predictions were correct once more. Zoo Keeper Jacinta Dawe said: “Our team have been so impressed by England’s performances and team spirit, so it’s been great to get behind the squad and show our support. "Although we wish both teams luck on Sunday - it would be incredible for The Lionesses to win as the meerkats have predicted!"  READ MORE: Man Utd transfer news LIVE: Cristiano Ronaldo latest  Jacinta added: "The mystic mob seem to be loving reigniting their psychic powers and now get excited when they see me arrive with the buckets and flags. "The mob's matriarch, Tamu, is always first to the buckets letting everyone know what to do, and even our baby is joining in which is so lovely to watch!" The Lionesses made it through to the final after winning 4-0 against Sweden.The match is sold out for this weekend, with famous faces expected to attend including the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, along with Princess Charlotte. Last year, William and Kate took nine-year-old Prince George to watch the UEFA Euro 2020 final — which was delayed due to the pandemic — where England lost to Italy in a penalty shootout.  DON'T MISS:M25 traffic delays after multi-vehicle crash - lane closures [PICTURES]Spain ‘not worth the hassle’ fumes host as Britons face new travel rul [COMMENT]London hit with electricity shortage as capital 'running out' [INSIGHT] Prince William attended three of the men’s Euro 2020 matches last year. Although he has not yet been to one of the Lionesses’ games, Prince William — who is the President of the Football Association — has been unwavering in his support online. Tweeting on the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge’s shared account, Prince William congratulated the team after their success on Tuesday and signed off with a “W”. He wrote: “The entire country is so proud of everything you’re achieving. We believe in you and will be with you all the way!” 