BBC Breakfast presenter Naga Munchetty admitted her co-star Carol Kirkwood "gets a hell of a lot of flak" from viewers if she ever makes the wrong prediction. She backed the weather reporter after sports correspondent Chetan Pathak made "brave predictions" about the Euros 2022 quarter-final. England made it through to the semi-final of the UEFA Women's Euro 2022 after beating Spain in extra time in Wednesday's tense quarter-final. Naga asked Chetan: "Are you now at the point where you feel comfortable making a prediction about England's chances?" "Oh yeah," he replied. "I probably put my neck on the line whilst we were talking during Natalie's report, yes. "I'm putting my head on the line. I think England will win these European Championships."  READ MORE: The Last Kingdom: What is Blood Will Prevail? New release explained  Chetan admitted England had "no easy matches" ahead, but added: "2022 European Championships, 2023 Women's World Cup... I think it's happening." Naga asked him if he was back on BBC Breakfast on Monday, to which he laughed: "No. This is why I get to make brave predictions, but you won't see me again on Breakfast before the Championships." Naga then turned her attention towards Carol who was about to update viewers on the weather across the nation. She remarked: "Carol doesn't have that luxury. She's here Monday to Thursday, she has to make the right predictions all the time. She gets a hell of a lot of flak."   As the screen turned to Carol, Naga added: "Good morning to you Carol, and you do it very well by the way." Carol replied: "Thank you Naga, you're not wrong either. Good morning everybody." The weather presenter then continued with her report where she reflected on the scorching temperatures on Monday and Tuesday. She then analysed the "huge drop" in temperatures between Tuesday and Wednesday in parts of the country. DON'T MISS...Naga Munchetty replaced on BBC as host urged to 'call' presenter  [LATEST]Jeremy Clarkson slams Naga Munchetty's six-figure BBC salary [INSIGHT]'Feel safe here' Naga Munchetty quit London with husband [EXPLAINER] On Tuesday, London reached a record-high of 40C, but the temperate dropped to 27C on Wednesday. "It was a good 10C, 15C and 17C drop in [places] and they are going to go down a little bit more today," she appeared relieved to say. "There is a bit of cloud today, a bit of dry weather, and the sunniest places are going to be in the west." She explained showers were expected on Friday in parts of the country in places such as London.  Repair work is continuing on the nation's rail network following damage to overhead electric lines and tracks from the heatwave. Network Rail has launched a new task force to investigate how the railway can become more resilient in extreme heat. Following Carol's report, Naga and her co-host Charlie Stayt discussed how many people want to head abroad to enjoy the heat. BBC Breakfast airs daily on BBC One between 6am and 9.15am. 