With ballot papers dropping through the letterboxes of Conservative grassroots members in the next few days, the timing of Truss’s surge could not be more perfect as experience tells us most will have posted back their votes by this time next week. Opinion polls of Tory members, the bookies’ odds, performances in head-to-head debates and at the first hustings, new endorsements from senior figures and anecdotal accounts of grassroots sentiment all point to a crushing Truss victory. Inside the Truss camp they will be determined to keep up campaign momentum and ward off complacency, but the tide of sentiment carrying their candidate along is now so strong that they must also turn their attention to planning her crucial first hundred days in office. By the time the Commons rises for its Christmas recess the public’s general impression of Ms Truss and her administration will largely be fixed. So she must start preparing for a formidable array of challenges. Appointing a Cabinet that makes best use of available talent and communicates a sense to the country that a new government is getting a grip will be the first big task. She IS fortunate to have two high-calibre potential chancellors at the heart of her campaign in Business Secretary Kwasi Kwarteng and Treasury Chief Secretary Simon Clarke. One of these two will surely be the figure charged with implementing a radical new Truss economic agenda focusing on kick-starting the economy and protecting living standards via tax cuts. More experienced Kwarteng may get the nod with up-and-comer Clarke probably taking over from him at the Department of Business. In one of the TV debates this week, Truss signalled her plan to have an emergency Budget right away. So we can expect the national insurance rate rise to be dumped, as well as seeing VAT and the green energy levy removed from domestic energy bills for the time being at least and plans for corporation tax rises shelved altogether. With Ben Wallace, the latest heavyweight Truss backer, signalling he is keen to stay on as Defence Secretary and her own experience in the Foreign Office, the new Cabinet will be well-placed to sustain the policy supporting Ukraine to the hilt. Kemi Badenoch, the stand-out star of the early stages of the leadership contest, seems a w for a major Cabinet brief too. Were she to be made Education Secretary and put in charge of the equalities brief tasked with reining-in Whitehall wokery, then many Tory voters would be mightily pleased. Another key decision will be whether to retain Priti Patel as Home Secretary or give a heavyweight such as Michael Gove the task of getting the Rwanda removals policy off the ground and generally tackling the broken immigration system. Some people are touting Sunak to be Health Secretary, setting him the tricky task of ensuring the extra funds going into the NHS deliver immediate frontline improvements. Given the intensity of his attacks on Truss’s views, that would be a stretch. But whoever gets this crucial portfolio will have a key role in the battle to fend off Labour and Keir Starmer. Establishing political superiority over Starmer, in the way she has over Sunak, will be Truss’s other key autumn goal. Throughout the Tory’s travails over the drawn-out downfall of Boris Johnson it has been notable that Labour has not been able to build a double-digit opinion poll lead. And while left-wingers regularly dismiss Truss as a lightweight, they are likely to find they have under-estimated her. Starmer is a low-wattage figure and she should be able to outshine him, plunging Labour into a crisis of confidence about its own leadership. A couple of major international trips to cement her image as a key player at the top table of global politics will also be on Ms Truss’s agenda. If there is a visit to Washington then she will need to be seen to fend off pressure from President Biden to take a softer stance on the Northern Ireland Protocol. The steeliness exhibited in this leadership contest suggests that Ms Truss will prove up to that task. She is taking over the ship of state in very choppy waters but the British people are not fools and fully recognise that fact. Most will respond positively to strong leadership, even if that entails some very tough decisions indeed.