According to the weather forecast, there will be further outbreaks of rain for most of today, but sunny spells are expected to develop more widely, particularly in most eastern parts of the UK. The Met Office predicts that the weather on Sunday would be rather cloudy for many with occasional showers or rain, especially across Northern Ireland and Scotland where heavy downpours and thunderstorms are possible.  Some southeastern parts of England will be hotter and brighter, it suggested. The swirl in the weather comes days after the UK witnessed one of the deadliest heatwaves with the temperature levels surpassing 40C. Predicting the weather ahead, Ian Simpson from Netweather.tv said: “There may again be some thunder over Northern Ireland, and thundery outbreaks are expected to develop more widely through Scotland and northern England during the afternoon. “It will remain dry with plenty of sunshine over much of southern England and East Anglia.  “It will be another hot day in East Anglia and the south-east with temperatures widely reaching 30C or 31C, and generally the high 20s in the Midlands.” The coolest regions will be Northern Ireland and western Scotland where most places will reach around 20C. As we move ahead, the weather will turn cooler through early next week with a mix of sunshine and showers, though staying mainly dry in the south. Mr Simpson continued: “Monday will have quite widespread showers, especially in Northern Ireland, Scotland and northern England.  READ MORE: Smart meters 'utterly pointless' despite 'onslaught' of roll-out “A ridge of high pressure will move in from the west, meaning that showers will be isolated on Tuesday and Wednesday. “By Tuesday, top temperatures will generally in the low 20s in England, and the north of Scotland and Northern Ireland will reach 17C to 19C. “Wednesday will generally have a fair amount of cloud, but the weather will turn sunnier and mainly dry towards the end of next week, resulting in temperatures rising again, generally into the high 20s. “By Friday there is potential for some areas in the south to reach around 30C.”  DON'T MISS:Prince George snapped looking ‘same height’ as ‘Gan gan’ Orban demands ‘new Ukraine strategy’ from EU as West’s attack on PutinQueen invites Harry and Meghan to Balmoral for summer While the UK looks like experiencing further hot weather at times, especially in East Anglia and the south-east, it looks unlikely that we will see a return to exceptional heat approaching 40C in the near future.