Mr Kay said: "Carol should we start with what do these different zones mean, what's red what's amber, what do we need to be thinking about?" Ms Krikwood added: "Yes Jon, well first of all the red warning, which was issued by the Met Office for extreme heat, it's the first one we've ever had for extreme heat. "And it means that we're likely to suffer implications from dangerous severe weather, so act now. "The amber one means an increased likelihood of disruption to your day because of the severe weather, so that's basically what they both mean." Mr Kay said: "And in terms of this weather it's coming mainly from North Africa and Southern Europe, pushing it's way up right?" Ms Kirkwood said: "That's right, yes it's crossed from North Africa across Siberia through France where there has been record-breaking temperatures, there's also been wildfires. "And with our Southerly flow at the moment, it's coming in today across Southern Eastern parts of England. "Now it's going to be a hot day today, temperatures could reach 40 degrees for example in London and then tonight the temperature cools down but only to the low 20s so that's our threshold for tomorrow morning."  JUST IN: Ukraine: Putin raiding ‘hell hole’ prisons as he sends cannon fodder to front lines     Ms Kirkwood said: "It's covering a large chunk of England and at the same time there's also an amber warning enforced. "That means impact due to the severity of the weather are highly likely. "And that covers all of England and Wales, Southern Scotland, and parts of Eastern Scotland. "Now this morning many of us are starting off on a dry note, also a sunny note, but there is a bit more cloud across the North and the West. Ms Kirkwood added: "We've got some rain across Northern Scotland, that is going to move away then it's going to be dry. "It's also going to be humid across Scotland and Northern Ireland today.  READ MORE:Boris faces no confidence vote TODAY after surprising MPs by calling vote in HIMSELF  "But we've got a dry heat across England and Wales, with temperature coming up widely from the high 20s to the high 30s. "And locally summer in the South East like London for example, could hit 40 degrees. Ms Kirkwood said: "That will be the first time ever in the UK, we've reached that kind of level. "Note the temperatures as we go through the night, the colours don't really change that much. "It's going to be a hot and a muggy night, again that has health implications. "Temperatures for some not dipping lower than 22 or 23 degrees, so with that kind of heat to start the day it's only going to get hotter as we go through the day. DON’T MISS: Shock as President Zelensky fires ‘treasonous’ security chief and prosecutor general[INSIGHT]Meghan Markle left Vanity Fair editor feeling 'manipulated' with her media 'demands' [REVEAL]Brexit LIVE: BBC row as Huw Edwards wades in on Mordaunt over 'brilliant' Brexit lies clip [SPOTLIGHT]    Mr Kirkwood added: "We're pulling up this hot air on a southerly breeze, coming up from North Africa, across Iberia. "Across France onto our shores, and if anything tomorrow could see temperature 41, possibly a little bit more. "East Midlands, East Anglia, Eastern parts of England the Vale of York for example. "And again a lot of dry weather, but we'll be starting to see weather fronts coming in from the West on Tuesday bringing in some showery outbreaks of rain." READ NEXT  