Barcelona chief Joan Laporta has again insisted he wants Frenkie de Jong to stay at the club. However, the Spaniard has also suggested the Netherlands international must accept a pay cut in order for that to happen as the La Liga giants look to balance their finances. Manchester United remain keen, though a move to Chelsea and Bayern Munich can't be entirely ruled out. Manchester United have been pushing to sign De Jong all summer long, with Erik ten Hag swiftly identifying his compatriot as his main target upon taking over at Old Trafford. A fee between the Red Devils and Barcelona has been agreed, with the fallen Premier League giants prepared to pay an initial £63million to bring the Netherlands international to England. But Laporta, speaking during Barcelona's pre-season tour of the United States, has now claimed he wants De Jong to stay and is hoping he'll accept a pay cut in order for that to happen. “He wants to stay and we want him to stay. That is the most important,” he said. “What is clear is that we have a new salary scale and all the players have to fit into it. We are trying to make these players understand the reality of the club. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative “We find ourselves with a salary mass triggered by more than 40 per cent. “We all have to make an effort. We are going to do everything possible to make him stay and we hope that the player will also do everything possible to stay.” Laporta also decided to fire shots at Bayern Munich, too. The Bundesliga giants have been critical of Barcelona’s spending this summer, particularly after seeing Robert Lewandowski quit the Allianz Arena for the Nou Camp. And Laporta said: “I have noticed a certain ignorance and lack of information on the part of some of those responsible, some have even distorted reality. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong “It is true that a year ago we were in a critical situation. But we are a 122-year-old club with very important assets. They were not aware of the strength and support that this club has. “If I don't get involved in how they run the club, I would ask them to do the same and not mess with us. Let them worry about their own." Barcelona have recently signed Jules Kounde, beating Chelsea to the France international in the process. And Laporta addressed the arrival of the player from Sevilla by saying: “Very happy. It is one more demonstration that the footballers want to come even if they charge less. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. Laporta also flirted with Lionel Messi potentially returning by saying: “It is clear that Leo's time at Barca did not end as we all would have liked. “I feel co-responsible for this ending. I believe that it is a provisional end and that we will make this aspiration a reality. “We have a clear moral debt with him and I would like the end of his career to be with the Barça shirt and being applauded in all fields.” And, on competing with Real Madrid, he added: “I see some rivals a little worried about how we are doing things and that means that we are doing them well. “I respect all opinions, but it is clear that they are concerned. That is that we are becoming competitive again. We'll see you on the field." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here