Concerns have been raised for Emma Raducanu’s future following her early exit at Wimbledon. The US Open champion reached the second week in her Grand Slam debut at the All England Club but, 12 months later, she failed to get past round two despite returning as the 10th seed and a Grand Slam winner. Despite her previous achievements, over half of 20,000 Express Sport readers who voted in a poll believe she won’t win another Grand Slam. Raducanu enjoyed her return to Wimbledon last week, a year after making her debut as a wildcard ranked down at world No 338. The Bromley teenager had reached the fourth round last year and came back to SW19 as a Grand Slam champion and the world No 11. But it wasn’t a successful homecoming this year as she crashed out to Caroline Garcia in the second round 6-3 6-3. The loss came after a difficult few months for the 19-year-old with injuries, as she has suffered a series of niggles and issues this year and was forced to retire just 33 minutes into her only grass-court match of the season when she suffered a side injury in Nottingham. But it appears that Express Sport readers are concerned about the Brit’s future as 53.4 per cent believe Raducanu will never win another Grand Slam title. The teenager became an overnight sensation when she won the US Open as a qualifier ranked down at world No 150 last year but there are now fears she will be unable to repeat her heroics. 20,000 readers voted in a poll asking whether she would win another Major, with over half saying no. JUST IN: Wimbledon star 'skips period' because of SW19 all-white dress code   18.2 per cent said they weren’t sure, while just 28.4 per cent of readers backed Raducanu to win another Grand Slam title in her career. She has already hit back at her critics this fortnight, delivering a sassy response when asked about the pressure on her back as a young Major champion who was yet to achieve another big result. “I think I've been asked this question in every press conference. But I am 19 years old. Yes, I have had attention. But I'm a slam champion, so no one's going to take that away from me. Yeah, if anything, the pressure is on those who haven't done that,” she quipped back. DON'T MISSNick Kyrgios' ex breaks silence as Wimbledon star to appear in courtCameron Norrie gets offer from Newcastle co-owner after Wimbledon winCam Norrie ready to 'take it to' Novak Djokovic in Wimbledon clash   And asked about what it would be like to return to the US Open as a defending champion, Raducanu stood up for herself once again as she branded the idea she had any pressure on her shoulders as a “joke”. She fired back: “There's no pressure. Like, why is there any pressure? I'm still 19. Like, it's a joke. I literally won a slam.” While some readers don’t have faith in Raducanu’s future, the teenager believes she will be an even more complete player as she gets older, giving her a good chance to fight for more big titles as she becomes a more experienced force on the tour. “It's just great for me to get all these lessons at such a young age so that when I'm in my mid 20s, I'll have those issues or little glitches in my game sorted,” she said. 