Lauren Goodger, 35, has spoken out about the tragic death of her newborn baby. The Only Way Is Essex star said she is having a post-mortem to find out the exact cause of death. Lauren lost 9lb baby, Lorena, after she gave birth earlier this month, after doctors fought to save her. The star explained that the reason is thought to be that the baby’s “oxygen was restricted”. She said: “They think her oxygen may have been restricted. READ MORE: Kenneth More open on infidelity in marriage: 'I was a terrible flirt' “That is why I am having an autopsy. “I need to understand how she died for my own sanity.” Speaking from her Essex home, she told The Sun: “She looked like she was sleeping. I thought she’d wake up.” The reality TV star revealed the post-mortem was being conducted to find out how Lorena died. She explained she wanted to speak to those who have also suffered the same loss. Lauren tragically explained how she “walked in thinking I would come out with a baby girl” but “came home with nothing”. She revealed that the baby had “two knots in her cord” and her oxygen levels were restricted. The star went on to say that the experience had ended up being the “most traumatic of her life”. DON'T MISS... James Garner’s damning assessment of Doris Day’s husband: 'Shallow!' [INSIGHT] Declan Donnelly celebrates arrival of 'wonderful' baby son with wife [LATEST] Fern Britton admits painful health woes are worsening in her 60s [HEALTH] Lauren’s first daughter Larose, whom she shares with Charles Drury, is a healthy baby born with no complications. Her waters broke on July 6 and from that point was advised to stay at home under the watch of midwife Tamzin who also delivered Larose. Lauren, whose ex-boyfriend Jake McLean died in a crash at the start of July, released a statement on Instagram. She shared a black and white photo of her holding Lorena’s hand, alongside a touching caption. Lauren wrote: "She was the most beautiful healthy baby I’ve ever seen just like her sister @babylarose.x “Words can’t describe, as a mother, losing your baby that I carried for all these months perfectly and gave birth to for my angel to be taken from me. "She was fine & healthy but I am not going into detail right now. “Just know that there was nothing wrong with her or myself she was perfect I can’t understand it she is so so beautiful Larose twin so similar. “I am broken. I am back home from hospital Me & Charlie spent as much time with our baby girl Lorena and I haven’t said my goodbye yet."