Although geraniums and delphiniums tend to flower in the early summer months, this does not mean they are done for the rest of the season. According to the Royal Horticultural Society (RHS), gardeners can cut back their flowers once they have finished flowering to "encourage fresh foliage and late summer flowering". Germaniums and delphiniums can finish flowering at any time in the summer, depending on when their first blooms emerged, but this often occurs in July. Once you are certain your plant has finished flowering, you should take action to prune or deadhead them as soon as possible. According to experts from Rozanne and Friends, most geraniums can be cut back twice in one season, allowing them to bloom approximately three times. However, if your perennial flowers bloomed earlier than usual, the RHS recommends tidying up the plants by pulling out dead stems, rather than cutting out new growth. READ MORE: Plants to ‘avoid’ growing beside each other - ‘very bad idea!’ According to the RHS, both geraniums and delphiniums should be cut near ground level. In order to prune your plants, make sure you have some sharp pruners and a pair of gardening gloves to protect your hands. It is also a good idea to apply mulch to the ground surrounding your perennial. DON'T MISSWhen to plant grass seed - benefits of seasonal sowing [EXPLAINER]‘Most effective’ lawn task to stimulate ‘stronger’ grass growth [COMMENT]Grass care: Are you using the 'wrong' lawnmower? Tips for the best cut [INSIGHT] Most hardy geraniums need to be trimmed to keep them from overtaking other plants and this can also boost the chances of new growth. Once you begin to notice old growth, or your flowers have completely finished blooming, trim back the plants a few inches above ground level or one inch above the main stem. You should also make sure to remove any yellow or brown leaves. For delphiniums, be sure to remove each flower stalk as it finishes blooming. Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea When flower stalks are left to form delphinium seeds, energy is sapped from the plant foliage and roots to develop seeds, which can slow or even prevent reblooming. Shortly after you have finished pruning your plants, it is likely you will see new leaves begin to form. Hardy geraniums and delphiniums may even begin to experience a second or third bloom depending on the time of year.