Demi Moore, 59, has expressed frustration at having to conform to societal standards of beauty. The Hollywood veteran explained she didn’t want to succumb to the trappings of old age and would prefer to remain within the “sexy” image she created for herself as a young actress.  The star, who will turn 60 in November, spoke about her thoughts on growing older.  "It’s changing this idea that women become less desirable as we get older,” she said.  "We don’t want to look matronly or not feel sexy.  “You hit 59 and you're already thinking, ‘Well, I'm going to be 60.’ READ MORE: Prince Harry's Nelson Mandela speech questioned by Piers Morgan "It feels very liberating,” she told People magazine. “When I think of my grandmother at 60, she in a way seemed to be already resigned to being old. But I feel, in so many ways, more alive and present than ever." The star did reiterate however, that she wasn’t suggesting women on the 60 threshold should dress in skimpy outfits in order to feel younger and more attractive. She prefers to stay dressed in overalls “all day, every day” when she’s in her home of Idaho. Demi explained that dressing comfortably was as true to her own personality as wearing a “super gorgeous red gown” on the red carpet. It comes amid the news of Demi’s ex-husband, actor Bruce Willis’ worsening aphasia condition, which affects his speech. Despite being divorced since 2000, the former couple still maintain a very close bond, as they share three daughters, Rumer, Scout and Tallulah together. Their bond is so tight, that the actor chose to live with Demi and their children during lockdown, while his wife, Emma Hemming Willis lived with the couple’s children, Evelyn and Mabel, in Los Angeles. READ MORE...Jeremy Clarkson slams Naga Munchetty's six-figure BBC salary [INSIGHT]Hugh Grant breaks silence on link to Prince Andrew film adaptation [LATEST]Prince Harry’s friend JJ Chalmers spills on Archie during ‘dad chat' [NEWS] Demi and Emma joined up, alongside all of Bruce’s children, in taking to instagram in an emotional statement in March to reveal he was suffering from health issues. They confirmed the 67-year-old won’t be making any more films due to the condition, which has had a serious effect on his cognitive abilities. On Instagram, the family shared an emotional post that was signed “Emma, Demi, Rumer, Scout, Tallulah, Mabel, and Evelyn”. The pair met each other in 1987, marrying only four months later after she became pregnant with their first daughter. Their eldest daughter was born in 1988, shortly followed by Scout in 1991 and then Tallulah in 1994. When announcing their decision to divorce in 1998, the pair claimed it was because they had been leading independent lives for too long a time. "I think both of us from the outset were more passionate about having kids than we were about being married," Demi wrote in her 2019 autobiography, Inside Out.