They “were not at the forefront” and the “wedding was all about the Peltz family”, said an onlooker. Ouch! Victoria and her new daughter-in-law have now stopped “liking” each other’s posts on Instagram and poor old Brooklyn – who has never given the appearance of someone likely to trouble the high table at All Souls College, Oxford – is caught in the middle and seems to be siding with his new bride. Personally, I would not underestimate Tor: she is the one who turned a very mediocre singer and dancer and her unknown-off-the-football-field boyfriend into a global brand. But feuds are feuds and this is the modern way to go about it all. First, back to Instagram. Victoria has 30.2 million followers, Nicola has only 2.7 million, so there’s an obvious imbalance there. But Nicola has played a blinder: as the Beckhams minus Brooklyn partied on James Packer’s £200million yacht on the French Riviera, she posted a clip of Brooklyn at her grandmother’s 94th birthday party thanking the grande dame for allowing him to join their family. Well done! Incidentally, the Beckhams have their own boat but it can only host eight guests (plus staff) instead of the equivalent of half the population of the African continent as the rented one seems to do. And do not be confused by mention of Brittany: that is the name of Nicola’s sister and not the next French location on the Beckham triumphal European tour. Confused? Keep up at the back. Frocks – Nicola has spent the last couple of months showing off her glamorous wardrobe, packed with international designer names, but one seems to be missing: one Victoria Beckham. Has this gone down well? You guess. Perhaps this is the reason David has been pictured in what appears to be a giant nappy, as an ironic commentary on his new daughter-in-law’s sartorial taste? My bank account’s bigger than your bank account. The Beckhams are thought to be worth about £380million but the Peltz family knocks that into a cocked hat with £1.3billion. But if anyone knows how to grow a brand it’s Posh, and Peltz senior is about 30 years older than David. They’ve got time. Can money really buy you happiness? Poor Brooklyn is about to find out. We’ve had a few hot and sunny days: it goes almost without saying that a drought warning has been issued. Prepare for a hosepipe ban any minute now. You can also bet that come the autumn, after a fairly small amount of rain, large areas of the country will be flooded. There’s nothing like planning ahead, they say, and this most certainly is nothing like planning ahead. There have been claims it is sexist to call the England women’s football team Lionesses – what absolute rubbish. Lionesses are far more dangerous than lions, especially when they are protecting their young. They also do all the hunting: I once saw one stalk and kill an impala while her mate sat on a rock in the sun looking handsome and waiting until the hunt was over before joining her for breakfast. When they’d finished eating, they fought over the remains of the carcass. She won. Last week I wrote that J-Lo and I have something in common in that we have both just married men we met decades ago; this week we have considerably less in common as J-Lo has just posed stark naked and I haven’t. My first thought on seeing this was, hmm. “Would you like it if I posed like this?” I asked my new husband. “I’d like to see it but I wouldn’t want anyone else to,” he said. My thoughts exactly. I hope Ben and J-Lo make a success of it and perhaps, being a thesp, Ben doesn’t object to strangers seeing exactly what makes J-Lo so special. But if I were her, I’d keep it private from now. The good folk at the NHS have issued a dire warning: increased drinking during the pandemic could result in 1,830 extra deaths over the next two decades and at a worst-case scenario it could be 25,000. I’m a bit bemused by the “extra” deaths: my understanding is that we’re all heading in that direction sooner or later. As for 25,000: scaremongering? Perish the thought. And make mine a double while you’re at it. It’s enough to drive you to drink. One of the pleasures of my new marital home is a pond in the garden that we have filled with a shoal of innocuous-looking goldfish. I say innocuous, but every time we glance in the shoal seems to have about doubled in size: it started at six and now everywhere you look there are swathes of goldfish looking remarkably pleased with themselves and darting in and out of the rocks. Just what are they doing down there? Holding wild orgies resulting in yet more aquatic bodies swimming around with a smug look on their face? Are we the owners of the most sex-crazed goldfish in Britain? I think we should be told. According to new research, people who take regular naps are more likely to be unhealthy than their wide-awake counterparts. In other news, earlier this year Spain was revealed to be the healthiest country in the world. You know the place: its entire lifestyle revolves around the afternoon siesta. When will these people start treating us like grown-ups? There is a new phrase in town: “talking over”, as in, “You’re talking over me”. We used to say, “interrupting”. Would that someone would talk over Tony Blair, in full thesp mode on Radio 4 on Tuesday, discussing the death of Lord David Trimble. There was a theatrical pause here, a wry laugh there and glottal stops all over the shop: the whole thing was as hammy as a pig in clover. Which brings another obvious comparison with our ex-PM...but I’ll let that one pass.