Ryan Gosling, 41, has explained that his family sometimes gets in the way of his work. In a new interview, the Hollywood mega-star said he was once interrupted in the middle of his working day by a call from his wife of eleven year Eva Mendes, 48. He spoke recently about his film, the Gray Man, and recalled the time his performance was interrupted.  Ryan said: “The whole sequence hinges on me being handcuffed to this bench.  “And we're in Prague, and there's lots of explosions going off.  "And I was there with Eva and the kids and they were in a hotel nearby and I got a call in the middle of one of the scenes so I hid behind one of the benches and used my free hand," the star explained. READ MORE: Ola Jordan admits 'I don't know if I'll get my dancing body back' While speaking to Amy Robach on Good Morning America, Ryan said that Eva had called to ask him: “How long are these explosions gonna go on because the girls have a piano zoom class?”  The anecdote elicited a humorous reaction from Amy, George Stephanopoulos, and Michael Strahan.  Amy then quipped: “Because priorities!"  Ryan and Eva’s children, Esmerelda and Amada, are now seven and six. Elsewhere, Hitch actress Eva admitted that she "never wanted babies before until I fell in love with Ryan."  “It kind of worked out to where I was 40 and having my first baby."  "I think I was 42 for the second one, so it worked out in a way that I had a career and then I changed my focus to my family," she said to People.  The couple both recently spoke about how they fared through the coronavirus lockdowns. DON'T MISS... Countryfile's Helen Skelton flashes legs in transformation after split [INSIGHT]Ola Jordan admits 'I don't know if I'll get my dancing body back' [ANALYSIS]Emmerdale's Michelle Hardwick expecting second baby with wife [UPDATE] In October, Ryan opened up to GQ about his family life at home during the quarantine period.  He said: “Our kids are young, so it was a tough time for them to be separated from other kids and not being able to see family and whatnot.  “We did our best to entertain them,” he told the magazine.  He added: “I think Eva and I did more acting in quarantine than we have in our whole careers.” The couple have been together since they started filming for Place Beyond The Pines, which was released in 2011.  Eva mentioned on an Instagram post from last year that she refuses to post pictures of her family.  She wrote at the time: “I have always had a clear boundary when it comes to my man and my kids.  “I’ll talk about them of course, with limits, but I won’t post pictures of our daily life."