With the cost of living crisis looking set to get even worse over the coming months now is a very good time to get those monthly bills in order and it appears millions of Britons could make a significant saving on their broadband connection. Two Internet Service Providers (ISPs) have just revealed new plans which cut the cost of staying online and it's highlighted an easy way for some UK consumers to slash their outgoings. Air Broadband and Community Fibre might not be household names but the firms supply internet access to homes across the country including London, Hull, Gloucester, Solihull, Nottingham, Derby, Bury St Edmunds and Lowestoft. These ISPs usually charge around £25 for their broadband but anyone who claims Universal Credit can now slash that price. Community Fibre has just launched its Essential package which offer 10Mbps speeds for £12.50 per month. Meanwhile, Air Broadband has its "Air Support package" for £20 per month which features fast 100Mbps speeds. Air Broadband and Community are also promising no price rises during the 12-month contract which means things won't go up unexpectedly. Speaking about the launch Andrew Glover, CEO of Air Broadband said: “We feel that a reliable, fast, always-on broadband connection is something everyone should have access to - and connectivity is crucial for many vulnerable people to empower themselves and improve their situation. And so to help those who need it most during these difficult times, we launched the Air Support service.” And Graeme Oxby, CEO at Community Fibre, added: “We continue to work closely with our social housing partners to identify the households that may need free internet connections most. Our team of digital ambassadors are on hand to provide digital skills training within the communities we serve." Of course, Air Broadband is not the only ISP that offers cut-price internet for those on Universal Credit. All of the major firms offer similar discounts with BT, Sky and Virgin just some of the suppliers that offer cheaper bills to those who are struggling with the cost of staying online. Here are some of the biggest ISPs and what they charge: • Virgin Media Essential Broadband• £15 per month for 15Mbps speeds • BT • £15 per month for 65Mbps speeds • Sky Broadband Social Tariff • £20 per month 36Mbps speeds Despite these deals being available, it seems millions aren't taking advantage. Back in February 2022, Ofcom warned that only 55,000 out of an estimated 4.2 million eligible households signed up for a social tariff and those that haven't yet joined could be losing out. Consumer champions Which? have also said that their recent research found that those customers who are eligible could save an average of £250.32 per year by switching from their current deal. If you claim Universal Credit speak to your ISP as it could save you a significant amount of money.