Millions of people are actually exempt from paying NHS prescription charges because they have a certain medical condition or are on a low income. However, everyone else could benefit from big savings if they buy a Pre Payment Certificate (PPC). NHS prescriptions cost £9.35 per item in England - a cost that many people could do without right now. People who don’t qualify for free prescriptions can save money by buying a PPC. Britons can buy a PPC for three months or a year no matter what their income. A certificate tends to save people money if they rely on two or more prescriptions per month. READ MORE: HSBC UK increases interest rates as bank unveils changes  How much will a NHS Pre-Payment Certificate save on prescription costs? DON'T MISSState pensioners describe struggle to get by in retirement [INSIGHT]State pension warning: Britons could 'lose out' with NI rule change [WARNING]Nadhim Zahawi urged to free Britons from £6bn pension tax burden [ALERT]'I had a breakdown' Pensioner devastated as she loses £125,000 [WARNING]  Meanwhile, 15 groups of Britons are exempt from paying for their prescription charges, but others could save a fortune by buying a Prepayment Certificate (PPC). Britons who typically qualify for this financial assistance are those with illnesses like cancer, epilepsy and diabetes. Those with a qualifying illness should be sent a medical exemption certificate through the post by the NHS. Prescription charges are also waived for people on certain benefits like Universal Credit and Jobseeker’s Allowance if they earn less than a certain amount.# READ MORE: 'I had a breakdown' Pensioner devastated as she loses £125,000 Nearly 90 percent of the population qualify for help towards prescription charges. Not all Universal Credit claimants receive free prescriptions - it also depends on whether the claimant has responsibility for one or more children. Typically, applicants who earned £435 or less, or £935 if they have responsibility for a child, should be entitled to free prescriptions. However, if proposals to raise the qualifying age from 60 to 66 get the green light, millions of older Britons will have another expense to bear. People are entitled to free NHS prescriptions if the annual family income used to work out tax credits is £15,276 or less and they receive either: