The family left their home at Kensington Palace and were spotted getting into a helicopter by a keen-eyed member of the public who was walking along a public footpath. The footpath ran along the park where the helicopter took off from and a video of the royal sighting was later posted on TikTok. William was seen leading his family towards the helicopter as he carried much of the luggage and they brought the newest addition to their family – their cocker spaniel Orla. The Duchess was seen looking just as glamorous as she does for a public engagement wearing a white sundress and a straw sun hat which royal fans noted she had worn at Wimbledon last week. Kate walked along with George who was also spotted carrying a bag for the trip. The Duke wore a shirt and chinos with a blazer on the top and the children were wearing relatively casual wear for the journey following some backlash over Prince George wearing a suit and tie to Wimbledon and being seen complaining about being hot. Princess Charlotte, 7, could once again be seen guiding her younger brother Prince Louis, 4, towards the helicopter which was reminiscent of her displays of sisterly authority at the Platinum Jubilee. During the royal event Charlotte could be seen advising and instructing both of her brothers how to behave, at one time reminding George, 8, to keep his arms down and at another telling Louis to stop waving. However, her guidance of Louis towards the aircraft only lasted so long until the cheeky four-year-old broke off on his own and made his way eagerly towards the helicopter. READ MORE: Brave Ukrainian farmers work with ‘deadly crop’ Though their destination is not confirmed, it is highly likely given the helicopter and the company of Orla that the Cambridges were making their way to their residence in Norfolk. The family have repeatedly mentioned their fondness of Anmer Hall with a suggestion that once the children do not need William and Kate in London they may reside there permanently. It is thought that during the summer holiday, the family will visit the Queen at her beloved Balmoral estate in Scotland. DON'T MISS: POLL: Would you install a heat pump to save the planet? (POLL)EU condemns new Russian passports for Ukrainians (REACTION)EU caves to Putin as bloc say sanctions don't apply to rail transit (INSIGHT) The holiday will bring about some changes with Prince George finishing his time at Thomas’s Battersea before reportedly attending a new school near Windsor. Prince Louis also completed his time at Willcocks Nursery School and will be moving on to primary school though it is unknown if it will be Thomas’s Battersea. It is reported that the Cambridge family will be making the move from Kensington Palace to Adelaide Cottage in Windsor before school begins once again in September.