Three-part thriller The Control Room will be hitting screens tonight (Sunday, July 17) on BBC One at 9pm. The drama will be then be dropping in its entirety on streaming service BBC iPlayer for viewers to binge. The Control Room will also be airing on three consecutive nights from Sunday to Tuesday - Express.co.uk has the lowdown on the show and the cast. The Control Room follows an ambulance call handler whose life is thrown into peril after he receives a damning call. Written by Nick Leather, The Control Room took its cue from a real-life event. Leather said: “One morning, I went in to wake my daughter up and I couldn’t; she was just floppy. We called 999 and in that desperate few minutes, I realised sort of how profoundly the person on the other end of the line can help you and affect you. “Their manner is so important and its quite an intense relationship for a few minutes. Everything was okay in the end but then the next time I sat down and tried to come up with a story, I wrote two things at the top; one was call room handler and caller. “I then put a circle around it and tried to think of the way the relationship between those two people would be and a scene that involved them both.” Leather said The Control Room was a mixture of genres including a love story and a relationship drama as well as a thriller. READ MORE: Sherwood: The true story behind chilling BBC series Gabe - Iain De Caestecker Taking on the call handler at the centre of the story of Iain De Caestecker, who finds himself in turmoil. De Caestecker is best known for his role as Leo Fitz in American superhero series Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. He has also starred in Not Another Happy Ending. Overlord, Lost River, Us and Roadkill. Teasing his character, De Caestecker said even though he was “dedicated” to his job, Gabe was “coasting through” life and didn’t put much effort into his life outside of his career. He added: “There’s some childhood trauma from his past that he’s not quite ready to let go of, so when someone from his past comes back into his life quite suddenly and unexpectedly, he finds himself having to confront demons from his past face on.” Sam - Joanna Vanderham Taking on Sam is actress Joanna Vanderham, who described her mysterious character as an “incredibly fiery, damaged woman” who becomes involved in “something much bigger than her”. Vanderham previously starred in TV shows One of Us, Warrior, Crime, and CW’s Legends of Tomorrow. Leigh - Taj Atwal The control room’s duty manager Leigh is played by Taj Atwal, who is in a relationship with Gabe. Atwal’s other credits include Line of Duty, Amazon Prime Video’s Truth Seekers, Stella, Hullraisers, and Trying. Anthony - Daniel Portman Game of Thrones alumni Daniel Portman plays Anthony, the control room supervisor and second-in-command who acts as a helping hand to the call handlers. Along with the HBO fantasy series, Portman has featured in BBC submarine series Vigil and short film Bus Girl. Portman has a raft of projects in the pipeline including starring opposite Outlander’s Lauren Lyle in Karen Pirie, Sandwich Man, Man & Witch, Kill, and playing Branwell in The Brontes. Sean - Garry Sweeney Garry Sweeney takes on Sean after featuring in Valhalla Rising, River City, A Long Place to Die, and Cracked. DON'T MISS...Sally Nugent scolds BBC Breakfast guest for putting feet up [VIDEO]Is Vigil filmed on a real submarine? [ANALYSIS]Where was Sherwood on BBC filmed? [INSIGHT] Breck - Sharon Rooney Sharon Rooney portrays DI Anna Beck, who is the lead detective on a “very interesting crime” with the actress saying: “You never quite know where you stand with her - even when I was playing her, I didn’t know where I stood.” Rooney’s big breakout was in Channel 4’s My Mad Fat Diary and she has since gone on to star in Disney’s Dumbo, ITV’s Finding Alice, The Teacher, and Deep Heat. She is also going to be starring in the forthcoming Barbie movie opposite Margot Robbie and Ryan Gosling. Other cast members include Taqi Nazeer as Jat, Rona Morison as Danni, Conor McLeod as Ross, Stuart Bowman as Ian, and Daniel Cahill as Robbo. The Control Room airs on BBC One tonight at 9pm and the entire series will be available as a boxset on BBC iPlayer