Break budgets are at their lowest on record at £822 on average as families feel the cost-of-living squeeze, the Sykes Holiday Cottages staycation Index found. Seaside firms and local tourism spots received a £30billion boost last year when the average budget for a getaway was £940 – significantly higher than the £860 spent before the pandemic. Graham Donoghue, chief executive of Sykes Holiday Cottages, said: “An estimated 26 million of us will be packing our bags in the weeks ahead as we prepare to set off on a great British staycation, enjoying the summer heatwave that has graced us recently. “For more than a third (35 percent) of Brits, the decision to choose a UK break was heavily influenced by budget pressures but, based on our last-minute bookings in recent weeks, it’s clear to see that cancelled flights have played a role too.” Over three quarters (77 percent) of people plan to enjoy at least one holiday at home this year – with almost half (46 percent) choosing the UK for their main summer break. The top fastest-growing locations for bookings this summer are the seaside resort Polzeath in Cornwall, the coastal village of Rock in Cornwall and the idyllic village Hurst Green in Lancashire, the index said. Half of Britons said they planned to avoid the tourist spots in the UK and travel to lesser-visited locations this year. With cancelled flights and airport chaos, breaks for summer are up 70 per cent over the past four weeks compared to the same point in 2019, and up 26 per cent compared to the same period in 2021. Mr Donoghue said: “With widespread reports of overseas travel disruption, we have witnessed a surge in last-minute bookings – which will likely continue throughout the summer period and into autumn." “Travellers simply don’t want to have to tackle airports and take the risk that their family holidays could be cancelled.” The budget pressure on households continues to bite with 50 percent of the nation planning to go on fewer holidays in 2022 than normal due to pressure on household budgets, the index showed. At least 35 percent of Britons are now more likely to consider a UK break due to the cost-of-living crisis.