Britney Spears' dad Jamie Spears has been ordered by Los Angeles County Judge Brenda Penny to sit for a deposition before August 12 to address accusations of "misconduct" while he was overseeing her 13-year conservatorship which ended last November. The star, 40, was freed when a judge terminated the conservatorship which controlled every aspect of her life, including her personal affairs, career decisions and finances. She also said that the Toxic hitmaker's father must travel to Los Angeles and produce "all documents and communications". It comes as Britney's father insisted claims he spied on his daughter using secret recording devices hidden in her bedroom are "false". He has now been ordered to produce the communications related to the alleged "electronic surveillance" of his daughter. Britney does not have to answer her father's request for "further" documents from her. READ MORE: 'Do miss each other' Pauline Collins on being 'separated' from husband Ahead of the ruling, Jamie's attorney had asked the judge for Britney's team to provide access to documents - a request which was denied. The star's father has firmly refuted the allegations, with a sworn declaration his attorney filed reading: "I am informed of the allegation by Britney’s counsel that a listening device or “bug” was placed her bedroom as surveillance during the Conservatorship. This allegation is false." Following the ruling, Britney's lawyer Matthew Rosengart said: "Today was a very good day in court for Britney Spears, and it was a very good day for justice. "Mr Spears as the court determined has now effectively been hiding from his deposition for no less than nine months. "The day of reckoning for Mr Spears has come… we have seen nothing but obstruction and stone-walling from him," he added. He went on: "His daughter is finally free. His daughter is married. His daughter is happy. His daughter wants to move on. "Mr Spears, if he loves his daughter as he professes he does, should leave her alone," he ended. During Britney's campaign to have her conservatorship removed, allegations surfaced that her father had hired a security firm to keep her under surveillance. DON'T MISS... 'Not fun' Joan Collins, 89, rushed to hospital in Monaco [INSIGHT]Jennifer Garner goes shoeless during stroll with son after accident [ANALYSIS]Kevin Spacey smiles pleads not guilty to sexual assault charges [UPDATE] It comes after the star's former best friend Sean Phillip, has claimed the singer’s conservatorship-controlled security staff prevented her from speaking to other people. Sean first met the pop icon in 2003 when they were introduced by mutual friends. In 2006, he became her personal trainer and had a first-hand insight into her public breakdown in 2007. Speaking to Good Morning Britain’s Susanna Reid and Alastair Campbell, Sean has claimed Britney is not allowed to talk to anyone. He said: “Nobody’s allowed to talk to her.” A surprised Susanna interrupted him to ask what he meant by “nobody is allowed to talk to her”. Sean continued: “Her security is controlled by her conservatorship, they tell people that nobody is allowed to talk to her, everybody needs clearance. “I bumped into her in London in 2009 - the same thing, a brief ‘Hi’ and ‘Bye’. That’s it," he added.