As the heatwave continues, Britons could see highs of up to 33C as forecasters warn a new UK record temperature could be set. As well as trying to stay cool at home, dog owners also face the task of protecting their four-legged friends from heatstroke and dehydration. According to Battersea Dogs Home, pet owners should “aim to reduce the risk of heatstroke and make sure your dog stays healthy and happy”. The dogs’ charity shares a number of ways to keep pets protected during bouts of hot weather on its website. Arguably, one of the most important things for dog owners to be aware of are the signs of heat stroke. Keeping an eye on your pet and its behaviour can make all the difference and help owners act fast should their dog begin to overheat. According to Battersea: “Any dog can develop heatstroke, but overweight, young, elderly, flat-faced, giant-breed, and thick-coated dogs are particularly at risk, even from just sitting out in hot weather.” READ MORE: Keep cucumbers fresh and crunchy for weeks with food storage hack Some of the main signs of heatstroke include lethargy, heavy panting, confusion or loss of coordination, excessive drooling or foaming at the mouth, vomiting or diarrhoea, shaking, seizures or weakness. Battersea urges pet owners to "act fast" if they believe their dog could have heatstroke. Move your dog to a shaded and cool area, and keep them calm. Placing them on top of a cool, wet towel can help to bring down their body temperature, as can using a fan. Allow your dog to drink small amounts of cool water, and pour cool water over your pet's feet, ears and head. However, you should never use ice-cold water and this can cause a dangerous shock. Gradually start to move cool water over their body but not so much that they start shivering. You should also seek the attention of a vet. While travelling there, if possible, continue to cool your dog. DON'T MISSPetrol station causes traffic chaos after offering discounted fuel [REPORT]Nicholls health: Star's 'dangerous' cancer was spotted by viewer [INSIGHT]Easy 'hack' to keep your gin and tonic cooler for longer [REVEALED] Owners are advised to walk their dogs early in the morning or late in the evening when the sun is low and temperatures are cooler. The dog charity also recommends taking regular breaks in shaded areas while on your walk. They add: "Even a warm day can predispose dogs to overheating, especially if they’re exercising." Always remember water Keeping your dog hydrated is essential no matter what time of year it is, but during spells of hot weather, it is crucial. Make sure to carry a bottle of water and a bowl while out and about, and make sure your pet's bowl is topped up at home throughout the day. Protect your dog's paws On hot days, surfaces such as tarmac, paving and sand can heat up. Make sure the ground is not painfully hot before allowing your dog to walk around. Battersea said: "If in doubt, check for yourself. "If it feels too hot for you to touch, the chances are your dog's thinking the same, so try to stick to grassy or shaded areas instead." Never leave dogs in cars Every year there are devastating reports in the media about dogs left in hot cars suffering and, in some cases, incidents can be fatal. According to PDSA, even with a window cracked open, cars can heat up to dangerously high temperatures at rapid speed. Pet owners have a responsibility for the welfare of their animals, and this should include having a plan so that your dog does not need to be left alone in a car or other enclosed space. Battersea advises avoiding car travel with your dog on a hot day. However, if travel is essential, make sure to shade windows and avoid your pet sitting in direct sun. Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea On hot days, surfaces such as tarmac, paving and sand can heat up. Make sure the ground is not painfully hot before allowing your dog to walk around. Battersea said: "If in doubt, check for yourself. "If it feels too hot for you to touch, the chances are your dog's thinking the same, so try to stick to grassy or shaded areas instead." Every year there are devastating reports in the media about dogs left in hot cars suffering and, in some cases, incidents can be fatal. According to PDSA, even with a window cracked open, cars can heat up to dangerously high temperatures at rapid speed. Pet owners have a responsibility for the welfare of their animals, and this should include having a plan so that your dog does not need to be left alone in a car or other enclosed space. Battersea advises avoiding car travel with your dog on a hot day. However, if travel is essential, make sure to shade windows and avoid your pet sitting in direct sun.