HBO’s award-winning fantasy drama Game of Thrones will return to screens with an upcoming spin-off House of the Dragon. However, unlike the original series, this sequel will shine a stronger light on the impact of sexual violence.  When House of the Dragon premieres in September, viewers will be transported back to Westeros, where Game of Thrones saw its controversial ending. However, the series will be set 200 years before the events in Game of Thrones. It will be based on George R R Martin’s novel Fire & Blood, as the Targaryens unleash the family row which became a brutal civil war. As a result, fans will be introduced to a whole new cast of characters as the original stars won’t be able to reprise their roles. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan 'not showing love' claims royal author Levin  Another major change fans can expect is the number of sex scenes. Game of Thrones viewers were vocal about their uneasiness regarding the number of steamy scenes as they deemed a majority of it unnecessary. Ahead of the premiere of House of the Dragon, showrunner Miguel Sapochnik stated production ‘pulls back’ when it comes to the quantity of sex shown on screen. The controversial rape scenes throughout Game of Thrones also became a topic of debate among viewers.    While many claimed it was an essential part of the show, it often prompted backlash as viewers stated they were “disturbing” and “triggering". Speaking to Hollywood Reporter, Sapochnik opened up about criticism about the sexual violence scenes and said it would continue in House of the Dragon. He revealed the sex scenes would be shown as a casual element of life and was adamant the sexual assault scenes were filmed “carefully, thoughtfully and [we] don’t shy away from it. “If anything, we’re going to shine a light on that aspect.” DON'T MISS...Josie Gibson's 'stunning' appearance leaves This Morning viewers distr [INSIGHT]House of the Dragon cast: Who's who in Game of Thrones spin-off ser... [INSIGHT]'Toxic' Game of Thrones fans savaged as George RR Martin fumes [INSIGHT]  The showrunner added: “You can’t ignore the violence that was perpetrated on women by men in that time. It shouldn’t be downplayed and it shouldn’t be glorified.” As well as viewers expressing concern about the brutal scenes, after the show ended the stars also shared their fury. Emilia Clarke who portrayed Daenerys Targaryen was the subject of many sex scenes and a rape scene during the first season. She was raped by her then-new husband Khal Drogo (Jason Momoa) before she went on to fall in love with him.   Clarke’s co-star Nikolaj Coster-Waldau who played Jamie Lannister disclosed how the actress felt after filming those scenes. In an interview with the Sunday Times, he said: “For Emilia to play that in series one was really tough and degrading because what that character goes through is horrific. “She's sold to a guy who rapes her, but her way of getting through that is a massive journey.” In 2016, Clarke spoke about the scenes and said: “Well, Daenerys and Khal Drogo's arranged marriage, and the customary rape that followed, ask George RR Martin why he did that, 'cause that's on him.” House of the Dragon will premiere in the US on HBO on Sunday, August 21, and then on Monday, August 22, on Sky Atlantic and NOW TV in the UK   