Cristiano Ronaldo leaving Manchester United for Chelsea would ruin his legacy at Old Trafford, according to Steve McManaman. The Portugal international has signalled his intentions to move on this summer, less than a year after he returned from Juventus. And that’s given Erik ten Hag a nightmare as he looks to make his mark. Ronaldo has been unimpressed with United’s lack of ambition in this summer’s transfer window, with Tyrell Malacia the only new recruit so far. And with the Red Devils set to play in the Europa League, rather than the Champions League, the forward is eager to leave. Ronaldo has asked to depart United providing a ‘suitable offer’ arrives, leading to talk of a surprise move to Chelsea. The Blues are in the market for a replacement for Romelu Lukaku, who has allowed to rejoin Inter Milan on loan. And McManaman, speaking to HorseRacing.net, has claimed Ronaldo would ruin his legacy at United if he made a blockbuster move to their Premier League rivals. “I’d be amazed if he went to Chelsea. Amazed,” said the former Liverpool and Real Madrid star. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez “I can’t see him going to another English team. I just cannot see it happening. “It’ll spoil his legacy after everything he has done at Manchester United. “PSG don’t need Ronaldo. It just muddies the water. “It might be a newspaper writer’s dream to have Messi and Ronaldo in the same team three months before the Qatar World Cup but, come on, it just seems nonsensical.” McManaman also labelled Ronaldo’s situation at United as ‘strange’, while insisting the Red Devils could benefit from a departure. “It’s a very strange one. He only joined a year ago, and that’s just madness in itself,” he stated. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen “And really he shouldn’t want to leave Manchester United just because they had a poor year. “You should want to stay and fight your cause. But I could understand that it might be beneficial to both parties. “Erik ten Hag’s come in and all he’s been asked about is Ronaldo. “It might be better for Ten Hag to make a clean start without him, because he does warrant a lot of press, questions and talking points all season. “If Ten Hag wants to get rid and thinks it’s great and all the numbers add up, then there’s not a problem. “Ronny’s 37. I completely understand that he wants to carry on playing in the Champions League but firstly I wouldn’t know who would take him. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “The deal would be big. Manchester United have given him a lot of money in wages. I have no idea who would pay half-a-million a week, for one more year. “He's a superstar but if Manchester United could recoup their money, a new manager coming in might be better to say ‘OK, a new start. Get rid of everybody who doesn’t want to be here. Let’s start afresh’. “That’s cool and might be beneficial to Ten Hag. Secretly he might be thinking, ‘this is amazing’. “But how this deal is going to materialise when you look at the bigger picture, I just can’t see how it’s going to turn out. You can see Ronny wanting to play in the Champions League but, sometimes, you can’t get what you want. “It’s not a nice end to everything with Man United.” United would like to sign Antony if Ronaldo departs, with the Brazil international previously impressing under Ten Hag at Ajax. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here But any deal won’t be cheap, with the Dutch giants keep to get as much money as possible for their prized asset. United could pounce for Paulo Dybala, with the Argentina international currently a free agent following the end of his Juventus contract. And Jamie Vardy would be a potential option, too, especially given how he’s got a year left on his Leicester contract. United, publicly, have said they want to keep Ronaldo. However, they’re also aware keeping a player against his will could do more harm than good. And what ultimately happens remains to be seen, with United facing the prospect of yet another big name moving elsewhere. It’s already been a busy summer for the Red Devils, who have lost Paul Pogba, Nemanja Matic, Jesse Lingard, Juan Mata, Edinson Cavani and Lee Grant on free transfers.