Manchester United are interested in Ruben Neves and Youri Tielemans if they fail to sign Frenkie de Jong, according to reports. The Barcelona star has long been Erik ten Hag’s top target. But a move to Old Trafford currently looks unlikely due to the complexities of any potential deal. Manchester United first opened talks with Barcelona for De Jong over 50 days ago. And though they’ve agreed a rough fee with the La Liga giants, they’ve been unable to get a deal over the line. Now, according to The Mirror, United’s hopes of signing De Jong are hanging in the balance - which is why they’re looking at Neves and Tielemans as potential alternatives. Barcelona owe De Jong around £17million in wages, which is holding everything up. And there have been murmurings from Catalonia that he’s actually turned United down and doesn’t want to make the move to Old Trafford. The report adds that United are hopeful Christian Eriksen will join the rest of the squad on their pre-season tour of Thailand and Australia. Man Utd transfers: The mouthwatering XI to tackle Brighton with 5 new signings It’s stated he’s been put through a medical more vigorous than usual due to the fact he suffered a cardiac arrest at the European Championships last summer. If he passes, United hope the 30-year-old will be able to jet out for the Australian leg of their tour. United could then hand Eriksen his debut when they lock horns with Crystal Palace in Melbourne. And Ten Hag reportedly wants to integrate the Denmark international as quickly as possible in order for him to adjust to his new surroundings right away. When that deal goes through, United will make Eriksen their second signing of the summer after Tyrell Malacia. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Man Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leave Man Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong Malacia had been expected to move to Lyon this summer. However, United won the race for the left-back - who is now expected to provide competition for Luke Shaw. United could move on two of their current full-backs in the wake of Malacia’s arrival. Alex Telles is up for sale, having struggled for consistency following his arrival from Porto back in the summer transfer window of 2020. And Brandon Williams has been deemed surplus to requirements, too, despite faring well at Norwich City on loan last term. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team Regarding Eriksen, former Rangers and Aston Villa boss Alex McLeish recently gave his verdict on the 30-year-old. And he expressed a belief that, if United do land the player, they’ll be onto a winner. “For me, it’s a no-brainer. If they can get Christian, take him in a heartbeat,” he said. “I still feel that United are nickel and diming a little bit. With the manager, there have been some players Man United have been linked with that I think: ‘No’. “I just cannot see progress for Man United in that respect when I see some of the names linked with them. “This is what Ten Hag will find is the most difficult part of his career and life, recruitment. “If he and the recruitment guys don’t recruit the guys that can take Man United to another level then I’m sorry, it’s going to be the same old, same old. “We’ve seen it for the last five, six years, or let me go back even further, since Sir Alex (Ferguson).” United are also hoping to raid Ajax for Lisandro Martinez and Antony. But they’re struggling to get deals for the pair over the line at present, with John Murtough set to continue negotiations this week.