Tom Bower slammed the Duchess of Sussex during his interview with Ben Shephard and Charlotte Hawkins on Good Morning Britain.The investigative author stated Meghan Markle wanted to be famous from a young age and marrying Prince Harry helped her achieve that ambition. The author didn’t hold back as he accused the Duchess of wanting to be number one in the monarchy. He revealed he spoke to nearly 80 people in order to gather information on the Duchess to write his latest book. Touching on the ongoing rift between Meghan and the Royal Family, Charlotte questioned if it was because they weren’t used to people doing things differently from their traditional ways. She said: “That for them, it was a huge step- change to try and accommodate her.”   Tom replied: “I think they tried very hard to accommodate her, I think what she then said in the Oprah Winfrey interview was wrong and outrageous." He went on to note there was a lot of excitement about having a mixed-race woman join the Royal Family with many seeing it as a great development. However, he added it quickly all went wrong as Meghan did not understand the hierarchy of the family. “She didn't understand she couldn’t be number one, there’s only one number in the monarchy and she didn’t understand hierarchy," Tom stated.   “She thought the monarchy was like Hollywood, all about celebrities and in fact, it’s about hard work with little reward and she didn’t like that.” Elsewhere in the interview, things got heated between Ben and Tom after he claimed she wasn’t well-known before marrying the Prince. Ben said: “She was famous in her own right and ambitious like lots of people are and had a strong view on how she wants to be seen. “She’s just trying to control her brand, control who she is, she’s not the first well-known person to do that is she?”   Tom disagreed with the Good Morning Britain presenter as he claimed not many knew her name when she played a role in the Netflix series Suits. Ben slammed the guest saying: “That’s not true! “She was a very famous actress and she had a high profile in Hollywood, Suits is a series streamed all over the world so people knew who she was.” Tom told Ben he wasn’t going to argue before stating: “She said to her father when she was a young girl ‘I want to be famous, I want to walk down the red carpet.' “By marrying Harry she achieved exactly that ambition.” More to follow..    Good Morning Britain viewers were divided over the explosive interview and took to Twitter to comment. Chris Probyn said: “I’d never heard of Meghan before she met Harry.” Jen Cord questioned: “Apart from Suits, what other films, series has Meghan Markle been in to be referred as an A listed Hollywood actress?” Maryanne Beare commented: “Megan isn’t a famous actress. She was a bit part actress with one good role in Suits.” Thomas Dodds added: “Well done ben in fronting that horrible vile man." Good Morning Britain continues weekdays on ITV at 6am   