State pension payments were temporarily affected this year due to the decision to freeze the triple lock mechanism. The rule usually sees the state pension rise each year in line with whichever is the highest: inflation, average earnings, or 2.5 percent. The mechanism was dropped to a double lock this year, as earnings data was warped due to COVID-19. While the state pension only increased by 3.1 percent this year, a bumper increase is expected next year. This is because the triple lock is set to return, meaning a potential rise of 10 percent due to swelling inflation. It is likely the inflation figure recorded in September 2022 will be used to calculate pension increases for 2023. READ MORE: State pension warning as Britons make ‘common mistake’ This was reflected by Work and Pensions Secretary, Therese Coffey, who spoke about the matter on the BBC Sunday Morning programme. She said: “We are going back to our policy of the triple lock, we suspended it for one year because freakish statistics would have given pensioners a particularly odd earnings relation in terms of rises. “Potentially a 10 percent rise or matching inflation, whatever the appropriate rate would be at the time, would be a measured approach recognising that their opportunity for people to earn more income is very limited, if possible at all.” A 10 percent rise to the current full new state pension sum of £185.15 weekly, could mean an additional £18.15. DON'T MISSPrescription warning as you may face £100 fine for errors [INSIGHT]Retirement and me: Woman, 67, furious at state pension age changes [EXCLUSIVE]Rishi Sunak’s ‘stealth tax’ slammed as millions pay more [ANALYSIS] It would increase the current rate to approximately £203.70 for the full state pension. However, not everyone will receive an increase worth £200 per week. Of course, some pensioners will not receive the full new state pension, as they may have fallen short in terms of National Insurance contributions. Some 35 qualifying years of contributions are typically needed to unlock the full new state pension sum. READ MORE: Lloyds Bank issues warning on scam which may cause ‘serious harm’ Certain individuals may receive less than the new full state pension if they were contracted out before April 6, 2016. In addition, many pensioners are also receiving the older state pension which offers a different sum. The basic state pension is currently £141.85 per week, so a 10 percent increase could raise this to £156.05 weekly. To get the full basic state pension, Britons usually require 30 qualifying years of contributions. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Also missing out on the increase are the so-called “frozen state pensioners”, individuals who decided to retire overseas in certain countries. The state pension will only increase each year if people live in: Those who live outside these countries will not get yearly increases. However, if they return to live in the UK, their pension will go up to the current rate. On this matter, a DWP spokesperson told Express.co.uk: “We understand that people move abroad for many reasons and we provide clear information about how this can impact on their finances. “The Government’s policy on the uprating of the UK state pension for recipients living overseas is a longstanding one of more than 70 years and we continue to uprate state pensions overseas where there is a legal requirement to do so.”