 Experts believe that this strange phenomenon may be linked to the region's fish stocks, as the lower south Bay in the city has enjoyed record-breaking fish populations. As a result of this population boom experts, including researchers and local fishermen, have pointed the finger at seabirds, as they now find themselves in a situation where they have more fish than they know what to do with.   They found that this spawning event marks the "second-highest monthly total we have ever seen". As a result, local residents have woken up to find fish on their rooftops, with some taking to popular forums like Reddit to warn others to duck if they venture outside, comparing the even to the movie "Sharknado". One person asked: “About 12 8-inch silver fish just rained down from the sky onto my friend’s house (roof and back deck). “Anyone experienced this before?”   One person replied in jest, saying: “Poseidon has blessed you with a bountiful harvest." Another wrote: “I believe I read something about this in the book of Exodus... Can't remember how it ended up, but I'm sure it'll be fine.” One local said that they "heard a whoosh sound behind me and heard a massive splat" while another "almost got hit by a fish waiting for the bus". Larry Collins, president of the San Francisco Community Fishing Association, told SF Gate, "From Half Moon Bay to Point Reyes, people are telling me they've never seen bait this thick. READ MORE: ‘Bees are fish!' Judge issues bizarre animal rights ruling amid row “I heard stories just last week from guys who said that the water out there was just covered with thousands of birds, and the birds were just sitting on the water with anchovies in their mouths because they can't eat anymore." Another factor that experts believe could be contributing to this phenomenon is what they refer to as upwelling, where "cold, nutrient-dense water rises from the ocean depths, replacing warm water at the surface". Adam Ratner, associate director of conservation education at the Marine Mammal Center in Sausalito said: "The water temperatures right now do appear to be colder than normal, and this has provided some much-needed food for animals such as anchovies, seabirds and marine mammals.