Dieting has been round for years, for people wanting to lose weight and gain it for whatever their health goals may be. But with the stress of every day life driving people to comfort eat, experts explain how important it is to ensure people are consuming a healthy diet to look after their physical and mental wellbeing. New research conducted by market leaders of nutritionally complete food, yfood, found that over 20 million Britons turn to junk food as a result of emotional triggers. The study looked into triggers for hunger and found there is in fact an emotional aspect associated to this. Some of the reasons behind it were Sunday anxiety or feeling hormonal. Whilst indulging on a Deliveroo meal is OK to do once in a while, nutrition experts reveal there are more effective ways of improving people's moods. They highlighted the key nutrients that can help improve mental and emotional wellbeing. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake Compared with other types of grains, whole grains are better sources of fibre and other important nutrients. These include B vitamins, iron, folate, selenium, potassium and magnesium. "Whole grains such as rice, wheat, and oats are an important part of a healthy diet because they are rich in fibre," foods experts said. "There are a myriad of studies that link a high-fibre intake to better mental wellness due to its anti-inflammatory effects which aids with our digestion." DON'T MISS... Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] Fibre helps give bulk to stools and lowers the risk of constipation. Some types of fibre in grains act as prebiotics. This means they help feed beneficial gut bacteria, which are important for digestive health. READ MORE: Fitness: How to 'increase fat burning' in a heatwave - expert advice Prebiotics are foods typically high in fibre that act as food for human microflora (bacteria and other organisms that live inside the intestines). Probiotics are foods or supplements that contain live microorganisms intended to maintain or improve the "good" bacteria (normal microflora) in the body. "Prebiotics are foods that provide nutrition to the bacteria already living in your gut, while probiotics actually contain healthy bacteria themselves that help boost mood and lower stress and anxiety," the experts said. "Garlic, onion, seaweed and flaxseeds are prebiotic-rich; stock up on fermented goods like kimchi, yoghurt and miso to enhance your probiotics." Consuming lots of fruit and vegetables is a good way for people to get their dose of vitamins and minerals. These include folate, vitamin C and potassium. They are also a good source of dietary fibre, which can help to maintain a healthy gut and prevent constipation and other digestion problems. "Fruits and vegetables are rich in many nutrients that support mental health — like fibre, complex carbohydrates, vitamin B and vitamin C found in berries, citrus fruits and leafy greens," yfood's nutritionists said. "Eating more fruits and vegetables has been associated with higher levels of optimism." A diet high in fibre can also reduce the risk of bowel cancer, according to experts.