Witness Number 3 is making its debut on Channel 5 tonight, July 18, and the TV series is told through the perspective of hairdresser Jodie Packer (played by Nina Toussaint-White). Jodie notices two men outside her salon and thinks nothing of it, but she later discovers they are both connected to a murder. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about how many episodes are in the series. Witness Number 3 promises to have viewers on the edge of their seats as it tells the story of a single mum whose life descends into chaos within a second. She unknowingly spots a killer and his victim in the moments before he is murdered. Jodie comes forward following a police appeal and when detectives tell her they must keep her identity a secret, she realises something serious is going on. The killer is part of a local gang antagonising the town and Jodie's evidence could send him to prison. What follows is a terrifying campaign of intimidation to silence her. READ MORE: Harrison Ford told Steven Spielberg to change Indiana Jones scene The series is made up of four episodes, which are all an hour long. The episodes will air across four consecutive nights at the same time of 9pm. With this in mind, the finale is set to air this week on Thursday, July 21. All of the episodes will also be made available to watch on the streaming service, My5. Director Diarmuid Goggins opened up about the feeling of being watched in the series. He explained: “When I first read the scripts, the main thing that jumped out to me was this sense of unease. "I felt uneasy reading them. When I turned the first page, I held my breath. "I wanted visually to try and create that sense of unease, a sense of claustrophobia, that sense that you’ve seized up." The director explained how he was always influenced by 70s and 80s thrillers. He added: "One of the things that I wanted stylistically on Witness Number 3 was the notion of being watched, or watching. READ MORE:BBC announces TV channel change that will affect Freeview, Sky, Virgin [INSIGHT] Jane McDonald stunned as she visits Elvis Presley's home [VIDEO] All Creatures Great and Small’s Nicholas Ralph details on set mishap [INTERVIEW] "Which is slightly voyeuristic in that Jodie always feels like she is being watched by the gang or by somebody. "But also there’s this notion that there’s a third or fourth person who was watching.” The series also stars Sion Daniel Young as PC Ivan Barkas, an officer assigned to protect Jodie as a key witness. Clare Dunne plays Detective Whelan, one of the officers investigating the murder. Sue Johnston is Jodie’s mother Cathy and newcomer Cole Martin is Kyle, Jodie’s son. Jodie finds herself torn between protecting her family and fighting for justice. She wants to be brave and do the right thing in order to get the gang off the streets. However, she cannot stop thinking about the danger she is putting her family in by speaking out. Fans will have to wait and see what her ultimate decision will be and what trouble this lands her in.  Witness Number 3 starts tonight, July 18 on Channel 5 at 9pm.