After an intense few weeks and watching England smash their way through the Euro 2022 tournament, the England Lionesses beat Germany 2-1 in the final. As the final whistle was blown on the match, the girls celebrated their victory and left viewers speechless. Former footballer and Lioness Alex Scott was in tears and unable to speak as the game came to a close. With the girls celebrating around the pitch, there were tears that filled the stadium after their success. Gabby Logan turned to Alex and asked how she was feeling about their win, as she exclaimed through tears: "This is a dream for every young girl playing football! "This is incredible, Gabby I can't... I have no cue in my ear, but..." After the team had been handed their medals and the trophy, Alex was still unable to speak and told Gabby: "It's not just me, there are so many people. "That has been involved in getting women's football to this point, to see this team lift this trophy, I can't even sum it up, Gabby. "This is literally what we have all been waiting and dreaming of. The amount of investment that has gone into the games to get it to this point," she exclaimed. Alex emotionally continued: "Do you know what this moment reminds me of? 99' Women's world cup when USA won that. "It changed the face of soccer and football in America forever. Gabby, I feel it, this is a moment in England that... this is the moment. "Gabby, let's just remind ourselves as well, back in 2018, we were begging people to host in their stadiums a women's game for this Euro's. "So many people said no, I hope you are all looking at yourselves right now because you weren't brave enough to see at what it could have been," she slammed. Not only did the England team win the Euro 2022 against Germany, Beth Mead was awarded the Golden Boot for her performance throughout the tournament. Viewers of the match and fans who had been supporting the team since the beginning of the tournament flooded to Twitter to give their praises for the team. DON'T MISS...England star Leah Williamson gives impassioned Euros victory speech [WATCH]England's 4 best players as Lionesses stun Germany to win Euro 2022 [LATEST]Alex Scott's appearance stuns viewers during Euro 2022 final  [INSIGHT] @nickyj124 commented: "COME ON, YOU LIONESSES!!! WHAT A MATCH!! #Euro2022." David Schaefer added: "Well played, Germany. Congratulations, England women football team. Well deserved. #Congratulations #euro2022 #winner." @DrHannahBB praised: "The legacy of this sport is society” - YAS LEAH #Euro2022 @lionesses @WEP_UK." Alexander Pankhurst exclaimed: "Cannot believe I’ve seen England win an International tournament. Glorious! @Lionesses #EURO2022." @ginamalhi said: "I hope this win for the lionesses helps bring women's football to the forefront because women's football deserves everything and more." @Rachelmarangoz1 celebrated: "The women bring it home! #EURO2022." Those in the crowd at Wembley included Prince William and the men’s team captain Harry Kane, who all sent messages of support before the match. The Lionesses beat Germany 2-1 after extra time, securing the first major tournament title for any England team since 1966.