  The Apprentice star Lord Sugar sparked a negative reaction on Twitter after sharing a tweet about Donald Trump just as it was announced that Ivana Trump had died. The ex-wife of the former United States president and mother to three of his children has died aged 73.     Taking to Twitter, Lord Sugar posed a question about the former president to his 5.2 million followers. He wrote: “Question to sensible Americans. “Do you think Donald Trump has any significant amount of money? “Or is he all smoke and mirrors?” READ MORE: 'Not fun' Joan Collins, 89, rushed to hospital in Monaco     This tweet sparked criticism from some people, who felt the comments were insensitive in light of Trump’s sudden loss. John wrote: “Not the time or place Al, his first wife has just died.” The Libertarian added: “His first wife Ivanka has just passed away. RIP.” Enzo complained: “Insensitivity at its best… The man’s ex wife has just passed away…”     Champ Media argued: “Maybe not the right time to raise this considering the mother of his children has just passed away.” DJ Smooth commented: “C’mon dude his ex wife he had 3 kids with JUST died.” (sic) Buy My Milk added: “His ex wife has just died, maybe leave off him for a bit.” Steven penned: “Odd timing this tweet Al when his childrens mum just died.” (sic) READ MORE... Alex Scott admits she puts 'on an act' as she addresses her struggles [INSIGHT] Johnny Depp grins as he surfaces after Amber Heard's appeal rejected [UPDATE] Amanda Owen issues 'vital' plea over Ravenseat amid Clive Owen split [UPDATE]     Lord Sugar’s tweet was sent just after the first reports came in of Ivana’s death, so it is unclear if the business mogul was aware of the news when he penned the question. The UK businessman is often critical of Trump, who was his equivalent in the original American version of the show The Apprentice. The former president paid tribute to his first wife today on his social media platform Truth Social following the news of her death. "She was a wonderful, beautiful, and amazing woman, who led a great and inspirational life," he wrote.     The pair had three children together - Donald Jr, Ivanka and Eric Trump. The late designer, who was born in what is now the Czech Republic, married Trump in 1977 and the couple divorced 15 years later in 1992. Trump went on to be married to Marla Maples between 1993 and 1999, welcoming one daughter named Tiffany during that period. The former POTUS married his current wife Melania Trump in 2005, and the couple welcomed the billionaire’s youngest son Barron in 2006.  