John Owen, 45, faces jail after admitting dangerous driving today in relation to the crash in Norton Green, Stoke-on-Trent. A court heard it is "inevitable" Owen will get a custodial sentence because the case was so tragic. He mounted the pavement, and collided with Sharlotte-Sky Naglis as she walked with her dad on June 19 last year, Stoke-on-Trent Live. A psychiatrist had been instructed to assess Owen's fitness to plead ahead of the hearing today at Stoke-on-Trent Crown Court. Judge Graeme Smith told the motorist, from Oakamoor, Staffordshire, the situation was "particularly tragic case". The judge continued: "You have pleaded guilty. You will receive the appropriate credit for pleading guilty without a trial. "The guilty plea will come as a relief to members of Sharlotte's family, without doubt. "Cases of this nature are tragic, and this is a particularly tragic case for a number of reasons. "You will be sentenced on October 4. It is inevitable that you will receive a custodial sentence, the only issue is how long that sentence will be." Owen was granted bail until October 4, and Judge Smith ordered a pre-sentence report.  Sharlotte-Sky loved gymnastics and wanted to become a doctor when she grew up. Speaking after the tragedy last year, headteacher of St Anne's Primary School in Brown Edge, Staffordshire, Edward Hobson said: "Sharlotte touched everyone's hearts with her personality and beautiful smile. As a school, we have discussed what we most remember about Sharlotte and undoubtedly agreed it was her love for life and happy, loving nature. "We want to make sure that Sharlotte is never forgotten at St Anne's and wanted a long-lasting memorial for pupils and staff now and in the future to reflect on what Sharlotte brought to school and the happiness that she brought to everyone. "Children and staff have planned a lovely redevelopment of our little library which we would like to rename 'Sharlotte's Smile' in her honour. We hope this will impact generations to come and ensure that Sharlotte's legacy is never forgotten." 