The country once again faces urgent and vexing questions about how to reboot the economy, secure energy supplies, keep alive families’ dreams about owning their own home, and defend the nation and the free world against security threats. It is right that a diverse country has such a wide range of candidates competing for the top job in the land. At its best, Lady Thatcher’s party is animated by a belief in equality of opportunity and a conviction that people should be judged not by their social background but by their strength of character. It once seemed extraordinary that a grocer’s daughter from Grantham helmed the party of Disraeli and Churchill, but she captured the imagination and hopes of millions with her vision for Britain. Today, Britain could be on the verge of having its third female Prime Minister and may be led by someone from an ethnic minority background for the first time. Yes, Tories will take pride that men and women with exceptional talent and drive have made the party their home and thrived. But the contest is not about identity politics but the search for a leader with policies that will address the most dire threats and most exciting opportunities facing us today. As Mayor of London and Prime Minister, Boris Johnson championed a Britain where individual merit is rewarded and people can pursue their bold dreams. In the race to succeed him, we can see these values burning bright. Britons take pride in the NHS but the struggle to see a GP risks corroding confidence in the health service. While 42 per cent of people who needed a GP appointment avoided making one last year, this has shot up to 55 per cent. The Nuffield Trust has warned of “one of the most alarming collapses in NHS performance we have seen since the height of Covid”. Taxpayers are glad to invest in an efficient service that saves lives, but if they are unable to access it at the point of need there will be despair and anger. Research in The Lancet will delight millions of us with its confirmation that a daily glass of wine or two may help keep heart disease, stroke and diabetes at bay. In these fraught and hot times, sipping chilled wine is a pleasure to savour. And now we have even more reason to toast one another’s good health.