A remarkable stat surrounding Nick Kyrgios has emerged after his proposed Wimbledon semi-final opponent Rafael Nadal pulled out through injury. Kyrgios booked his spot in the final four of a Grand Slam tournament for the very first time after beating Cristian Garrin in straight sets on Wednesday. The Australian star was then set to play 22-time Grand Slam champion Nadal, after he saw off Taylor Fritz in his quarter-final match after an enthralling five-set clash. Despite the victory there were some negatives for the Spaniard as he once again battled through the pain barrier to book his final four spot. However, it seems his efforts against the American proved all too much after Nadal announced on Thursday evening that he would be pulling out of the semi-final showdown due to his ongoing fitness issues. Nadal’s loss is of course Kyrgios’ gain as he receives a walkover result into Sunday’s final. In the wake of the news, one of sport’s most bizarre stats has emerged surrounding the Australian. The withdrawal means that Kyrgios will have played in a Slam final without ever competing in a semi-final. Prior to this week, the world No. 40’s best finish at the sport’s four flagship events was a quarter-final finish at SW19 in 2014, and the Australian Open a season later. JUST IN: Wimbledon LIVE: Protest planned during final to reverse long-standing rule  As well as his impressive run, Kyrgios has attracted plenty of attention both on, and off the court due to his fiery personality having had run-ins with his opponents, match officials, the media and even the crowd. Despite this, the Australian showed his class on Thursday after sending his well wishes to the injured Nadal. Posting on Instagram, he wrote: “Different players, different personalities. @rafaelnadal I hope your recovery goes well and we all hope to see you healthy soon. Till next time.” Confirmation of the Spanish star’s withdrawal came late on Thursday, as he called the world’s media into a press conference at SW19. DON'T MISSRafael Nadal claims he'd miss three MONTHS injured if he played KyrgiosAndy Murray backs Cam Norrie to copy Emma Raducanu and stun DjokovicNadal confirms expected injury return date after Wimbledon withdrawal Discussing his decision he said: “As everyone saw yesterday I have been suffering with a pain in the abdominal and something was not OK there. That is confirmed, I have a tear in the muscle and the communication is too late. “I was thinking the whole day I was thinking about the decision to make but I think it doesn't make sense to go, even if I try through my career to keep going. It is very tough circumstances but it is obvious if I keep going the injury will be worse and worse.” 