Sources familiar with the situation said today (Wednesday), the US Air Force successfully tested the Lockheed Martin hypersonic missile this week, days after a similar attempt failed. The test comes against a backdrop of growing concerns Russia and China have had more success developing their own hypersonic missiles. Hypersonic weapons travel in the upper atmosphere at speeds of more than five times the speed of sound, or about 3,853 miles (6,200 km) per hour. The US Air Force successfully tested its Air-Launched Rapid Response Weapon (ARRW) booster on Tuesday off the California coast, according to the sources. The ARRW is carried aloft under the wing of plane before it is launched toward its target. In previous tests, the weapon did not detach from the plane. In a separate successful hypersonic weapon test recently, the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) demonstrated its Operational Fires program, two people familiar with the matter said. The successful tests show progress among the myriad US hypersonic weapons development efforts, which have in cases been beleaguered by failed tests, growing questions about cost and increasing concerns the United States is falling behind in what has become a superpower arms race. Operational Fires is a ground-launched system that will "rapidly and precisely engage critical, time-sensitive targets while penetrating modern enemy air defenses". DARPA has requested and received $45 million for OpFires in fiscal year 2022. One of Lockheed Martin's concepts for the DARPA weapon is to use an exiting High Mobility Artillery Rocket System (HIMARS) launcher, like those sent to Ukraine, to launch the weapon. Defence contractors hope to capitalise on the shift to hypersonic weapons not only by building them, but also by developing new detection and defeat mechanisms. Arms makers like Lockheed, Northrop Grumman Corp and Raytheon Technologies Corp have all touted their hypersonic weapons programs to investors as the world's focus shifted to the new arms race for an emerging class of weapon. READ MORE: What IS China up to? 'Mystery structures’ on South China Sea islands On June 29, the US Department of Defense confirmed a flight test of a different hypersonic missile system in Hawaii had ended in failure as a result of a problem which took place after ignition. The test, undertaken at the Pacific Missile Range Facility in Hawaii, was meant to launch the Common Hypersonic Glide Body atop a two-stage missile booster. The booster is specifically designed to launch the system and bring it to speeds exceeding of Mach 5. At that point the glide body detaches and uses its speed to reach the target. Putin has make frequent boasts about his country's advanced hypersonic technology, bragging that Russia has missiles which "no other country has". In March, Russia's defence ministry claimed its Khinzal hypersonic ballistic missile had destroyed a big underground arms depot in western Ukraine. If accurate, it marked the first use in the Kinzhal, which translates to Dagger in English, with the missile probably launched from the air via a MiG-31 warplane. At the time, James Acton, nuclear policy specialist at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace, said: "I don't view it as that significant. "I don't know how much of an advantage Russia is getting from using hypersonic missiles." Back in 2019,Putin said the aim of such weapons was “to reliably protect Russia and our fellow citizens from external and domestic threats, to clearly anticipate potential risks and challenges and to improve their performance gradually and consistently”. In a speech at the Grand Kremlin Palace he said workers accomplishing the production of the weapons were “critical to the state”. He added: “Our army and navy have proved their high readiness, yet we intend to build up our defence capability and to deploy hypersonic, laser and other cutting-edge weapons which no other country has. “However, this is not a reason for threatening anyone. On the contrary, we are ready to do our best to promote the disarmament process with the help of these novel weapons, which have been created exclusively to guarantee our security in the face of growing threats to our country.” Earlier this week, Russia claimed new tests of its deadly hypersonic Satan-2 missile were imminent, with the weapon almost ready to into "serial production". Putin, who ordered his invasion of Ukraine on February 24, has nevertheless raised eyebrows in recent days with his increasingly belligerent language, not least his challenge to the West to send its soldiers to meet those of Russia on the battlefield. China, led by President Xi Jinping, has also invested in hypersonic technology. DF-ZF, which is designated by Pentagon as the WU-14, is a hypersonic missile delivery vehicle which has been flight-tested by China a total of seven times.