A series of historic photos show an uncanny resemblance between the two royals. Royal correspondent Danielle Stacey said Charlotte looked "almost identical" to Beatrice in photographs taken in the first few years of their lives. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's seven-year-old daughter is known for wearing hand-smocked dresses with Mary Jane shoes. In 2016, Charlotte dressed in a blue, white and red dress when she attended a children’s party during Prince William and Kate’s royal tour of Canada. The then one-year-old completed the sweet outfit with a pair of blue Mary Jane shoes. In another outing on the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge’s Canada tour, Charlotte wore a similar dress teamed with red Mary Janes and white tights.  Photos of Charlotte from the two engagements are strikingly similar to snaps of Beatrice in 1990 - when she was just two years old. Historic photos of Beatrice show she had a very similar style to the youngster. The eldest daughter of Sarah Ferguson and Prince Andrew stepped out to meet her new sister, Princess Eugenie, following her birth at The Portland Hospital in London. A young Beatrice wore a blue and white dress with red stitching just like Charlotte’s with white tights and red Mary Jane shoes. READ MORE: Meghan poised to swipe 'true power on her own terms' In other photos from the 1990s, Beatrice was also pictured wearing bows in her hair, which have since become a staple of Charlotte's look. Charlotte’s likeness to other members of the Royal Family has often been pointed out. The young Princess has previously been compared to Princess Diana's niece Lady Kitty Spencer. DON'T MISS: 'I love Crimewatch!' Camilla confesses to being HUGE fan of BBC show [INSIGHT]Sophie Wessex snubbed by Queen as monarch refused title request [COMMENT]Princess Anne stuns in yellow as she attends Hillsborough Castle on... [ANALYSIS] Lady Kitty shared the childhood throwback picture on Instagram to mark her 29th birthday. The post prompted her followers to point out her resemblance to William and Kate’s daughter. Charlotte's resemblance to Diana herself has also been highlighted by royal fans. The photo of Charlotte in the Cambridge family’s 2018 Christmas card was compared to pictures of Diana in an Instagram post by a royal fan account. 