Prince Harry made the decision to step down as a senior member of the Royal Family in 2020. Speaking on Channel 5's Jeremy Vine, guest Mike Parry discussed that since the 37-year-old made the decision to "cop out" of his senior royal role, all he has wanted to do is launch "attacks" on the family that "he was born into". Speaking on the Channel 5 programme about Harry's upcoming memoir, Mr Parry said: "What we are talking about is whether or not, we can believe Harry with his holyful truthful account of what's happened to him in his life. "He didn't want to be a member of the Royal Family more so, he copped out. "Now he's copped out, he seems to want to do nothing but attack the family that he was born into." He added: "Shouldn't the members of the Royal Family sign something like the official secret attack so that they can't reveal these things". READ MORE: Camilla vows to follow Philip's example in new royal role - and delivers cutting woke gag In March 2021, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex sat down with Oprah Winfrey for a "tell-all" interview. The explosive interview saw Harry and Meghan make a series of claims about the monarchy. In the interview, the couple claimed there had been "concerns and conversations" raised by an unnamed member of the family about what colour Archie's skin would be. They also claimed that a rift had arisen between Harry and Prince Charles, with the Duke claiming that at one point his father had "stopped taking my calls". READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: 'Can’t get on with own family!' Meghan and Harry row over announcement Earlier this year, during a visit to The Netherlands for the Invictus Games, Prince Harry sat down for an interview with Hoda Kotb for NBC Today. In this interview, although not stating who he was referring to, Harry described that he wanted to make sure that the Queen, his grandmother, is "protected". The release of Prince Harry's "intimate" memoir was announced in July 2021. Although the contents of the book remain a mystery, it is set to cause added tensions. The official release date is still unknown. DON'T MISS Prince Harry gearing up for 'big surprise launch' for tell-all book [REVEAL]'Doesn't know what he wants' Prince Harry's future career in question [REPORT]Meghan's favourite jewel Harry exchanged for 'precious treasure' [REVEAL] In the official statement following the announcement, Harry said: “I’m writing this not as the prince I was born but as the man I have become. "I’ve worn many hats over the years, both literally and figuratively, and my hope is that in telling my story—the highs and lows, the mistakes, the lessons learned" "I’m deeply grateful for the opportunity to share what I’ve learned over the course of my life so far and excited for people to read a firsthand account of my life that’s accurate and wholly truthful.” READ NEXT: