But she implied the streaming giant has other plans, saying it is going to try and "get its pint of blood" if offered "a lot of money". Ms Levin said the streaming giant will "delve in and get a lot of information that will absolutely decry the Royal Family." Speaking on TalkRADIO earlier this week, she said: "When I met Harry at Kensington Palace the first question he asked me was, 'Are you watching The Crown?' "I mumbled and said, 'are you and the rest of the Royal Family?' "He said, 'yes, we're all absolutely watching everything but I'm going to insist it stops before it reaches me'. "And he's now actually doing what I think is so disloyal and rude and that is taking money from a company like Netflix that knows exactly that it's going to get its pint of blood out of somebody when it offers a lot of money. "When he knows the same company is ridiculing his father, his mother and his grandmother." She claimed this conversation with Prince Harry took place "a couple of years ago", around the time of The Crown's "second instalment". Meghan and Harry signed a multimillion-pound deal with Netflix in September 2020. Speaking to Good Morning Britain, Ms Levin defended the Royal Family, saying it "does a lot for us". She said: "I think Harry made a terrible error. READ MORE: "I think the way that he has left the Royal Family, the way he did it, and he’s changed. "He’s almost unrecognisable from Prince Harry I spent a lot of time with. "But I think, you know, Meghan is desperate to earn lots of money and Netflix offered them something. "I think they’re being naive as they have been about lots of things in that they don’t realise that a big company like Netflix is going to want its pint of blood. DON'T MISS: William and Kate outdone as surprising duo crowned hardest working [REVEAL] Meghan and Harry remain silent after update in Palace bullying probe [INSIGHT] 'The next Queen' Cool Princess Anne sparks fan frenzy as royal spotted [REACTION] "They’re going to delve in and get a lot of information that will absolutely decry the Royal Family. "I think the Royal Family does a lot of for us. Of course they’ve got a lot of faults, haven’t we all. "But the sense of duty Prince William has now, and Prince Charles, I spent a year with Prince Charles before his 70th birthday, I was astonished at how many young people he had managed to get off the streets and into work. "I don’t think we should just paint them black." The Crown's creator Peter Morgan previously implied he wouldn't be covering Meghan and Harry in his Netflix drama. He told the Hollywood Reporter: "I'm much more comfortable writing about things that happened at least 20 years ago. "That is enough time and enough distance to really understand something, to understand its role, to understand its position, to understand its relevance."