Nick Kyrgios has piled praise on Emma Raducanu after she appeared to congratulate him for reaching a maiden Grand Slam semi-final at Wimbledon with a tweet. The Aussie also noted that he had "stuck up for her in the media" a lot and hoped that she was paying him back for defending her. Shortly after Kyrgios booked his spot in a maiden Grand Slam semi-final with a 6-4 6-3 7-6(5) win over Cristian Garin, Raducanu tweeted "NK" with a magic wand emoji, appearing to refer to the world No 40's Wimbleon victory. The Australian hadn't seen the message but went on to laud the young Brit as one of the most "important" players for the sport. He responded: "I haven't had much communication with Emma before. I feel like I've kind of stuck up for her a bit in the media with some of the stuff that older legends kind of love to just throw shade and have their opinions on young players, young important players. "She's obviously going to be one of the most important players on the WTA Tour for a very long time." And the 27-year-old also claimed that the 19-year-old would be able to win another Grand Slam in the future, despite some recent doubts that had been raised by her injury woes and early Wimbledon exit. JUST IN: Henman compares Kyrgios to Murray as Aussie reaches Wimbledon semi  "She's obviously capable of winning a Grand Slam at 19. I mean, I don't even know how old she is exactly. 19, I think. She's very capable of doing that again," he continued. "I'm glad that I have those supporters. If she loves watching my tennis, that's great. I enjoy watching her tennis, as well." And the Wimbledon semi-finalist also thought Raducanu was paying him back for the times he had staunchly defended her from critics, adding: "But I think that was just a bit of a payback for how much I've kind of stuck up for her in the media." DON'T MISSWimbledon crowd shush Nick Kyrgios as unhappy Aussie moans to umpireHalep and Rybakina complete Wimbledon women's semi-final lineupBrit Wimbledon doubles star refuses to play after heated Hawk-Eye row   "What’s with old retired players giving their opinion on our stars now?" he tweeted back in March in response to criticism the Brit had received from former pros Kim Clijsters and Daniela Hantuchova. "I love A-rod (Andy Roddick) and I agree we all need to chill with the rackets and all that, but geezus, I read an article about a past female player talking about Radacanu, no offence but she is a far far bigger name already."