Rishi Sunak, who remains in the lead among support from Conservative MPs, clashed with Liz Truss within minutes of tonight's leadership debate. The Foreign Secretary called out the former Chancellor, pointing out that she opposed his national insurance rise. She blamed him personally for raising taxes to a 70-year-high. Ms Truss said the country is predicted to experience a recession due to Mr Sunak’s increase in taxes. She added: “It is cutting back on growth. "It is preventing companies from investing and it’s taking money out of people’s pockets. "That is no way to get the economy going during a recession.” JUST IN: Tory Leadership: Rishi storms ahead as Brexiteer pushed out  Mr Sunak immediately swiped back at Ms Truss, who remains in third place among MP supporters. He accused her of “something for nothing economics” by promising unfunded tax cuts. The frontrunner said: "Something for nothing economics isn't Conservative, it is socialism!" The heated row erupted during a discussion on how the candidates would tackle the growing cost-of-living crisis. Mr Sunak also bashed Ms Mordaunt for wanting to increase borrowing. He joked that even Jeremy Corbyn thought that went too far. The former Chancellor said: "You're proposing we borrow for day-to-day spending, putting those bills on a credit card. "Literally even Jeremy Corbyn didn’t think that was the right approach." DON'T MISS: Next Prime Minister must forge a nimble new nation [EXPRESS COMMENT]Tory Leadership: Rishi storms ahead as Brexiteer pushed out [POLL]Terrifying moment ITV News crew flees Russian shelling attack [VIDEO]  Prior to the debate, Jacob Rees-Mogg took aim at Rishi Sunak's pledge to repeal EU law. The Brexit opportunities minister Jacob Rees-Mogg described the promise as “surprising”. He tweeted: "This is a surprising promise as the Treasury under his leadership was insisting that taxation was exempt from the removal of EU law." During tonight's debate, Mr Sunak reiterated his ambition to continue to deliver the benefits of Brexit. READ NEXT: Sunak humiliated as Truss dig spectacularly backfires Tugendhat humiliated as Badenoch lets rip at 'inexperienced' MPKemi Badenoch seals major promotion in next cabinetSunak Brexit pledge of EU redtape bonfire in doubt over leakIf the Tories squander Brexit they will never be forgiven - LETTERS 