Chelsea have supposedly refused to rule out a move for Manchester United star Cristiano Ronaldo this summer after reports linked the Portugal star with a move away from Old Trafford. Manager Thomas Tuchel is willing to part ways with Timo Werner, Hakim Ziyech and Callum Hudson-Odoi in order to make way for arrivals with Raheem Sterling poised to join from Manchester City imminently. Ronaldo is reportedly pining for a move away from Old Trafford in order to continue playing in the Champions League for the 20th consecutive season in his outstanding career. Despite his love for the Red Devils, his desire to continue to test himself against the best and United's lack of ambition in the transfer market up to now has seen him explore other avenues. Chelsea have been billed as an option for him, although it remained to be seen if Tuchel would sanction a move for the superstar. However, according to the Independent, the Blues have refused to rule out a move for the Portugal legend. The report states that the club have not completely said no to a potential deal for the 37-year-old. With Sterling closing in on a £45million move to Stamford Bridge, the need for attacking options would be much less of a priority although they are thought to have wanted Leeds' Raphinha as well as Sterling, with the Brazilian instead seeming likely to join Barcelona. The club are looking for a long-term No 9 with Romelu Lukaku having gone on loan to Inter Milan, with it unlikely he has a long-term future at Stamford Bridge. And that could open the door for Ronaldo to potentially act as a stop-gap option for the current world champions. Elsewhere, Chelsea's current attacking contingent of Werner, Ziyech and Hudson-Odoi are all 'available for offers' with a reshuffle of the playing squad needed in order for Tuchel to bring in his top targets. AC Milan's interest in the Moroccan is well-known, however there is a huge gap between both Chelsea and Milan's valuation of the star. With the trio potentially looking for new clubs, more game time could be offered to Christian Pulisic, Kai Havertz and Sterling, whilst Ousmane Dembele is also an option - which would represent a strong plethora of attackers should Ronaldo join that department. United boss Erik ten Hag previously spoke out on the Madeira-born star's future after it became unclear whether he would stay in the north west. "Ronaldo is a giant, because of what he's already shown and I think he's still very ambitious," Ten Hag told De Telegraaf in May. "Of course I would like to keep him. He's been very important to Manchester United this year and can produce great statistics."