Pollsters YouGov have released the latest results for the 'Most Popular Royalty' ranking for quarter two of 2022, and the Queen remains the most popular royal with the British public. But now taking Prince William's usual spot in second place is Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, whose popularity has increased by eight percent compared to the previous quarter.  Kate scored a 93 percent rating for fame and 68 percent rating for popularity - just seven percent less than the Queen, whose popularity stood at 75 percent. Prince William is not far behind his grandmother and his wife in third place though with 66 percent popularity, and the data suggests he is slightly more famous than his wife with a 96 percent fame rating. Rounding up the top five is the late Prince Philip with a popularity rating of 64 percent, followed by his and the Queen's only daughter and royal stalwart Princess Anne, who got a 53 percent popularity rating. Heir to the throne Prince Charles has seen his position in the rankings drop from sixth to seventh place in quarter two, and his popularity rating fell significantly from 50 percent last quarter to 42 percent.  READ MORE: William ‘utterly disgusted’ by Meghan’s Oprah claims According to YouGov, 'The Most Popular Royalty' rankings are as follows for quarter two of 2022:   In addition to Prince Charles, other members of the Royal Family have seen their popularity rating decrease in the latest YouGov poll. Sophie, Countess of Wessex, the Queen's beloved daughter-in-law, saw her popularity drop from 44 percent earlier this year to 37 percent in the new poll - a drop of seven percent. Princess Beatrice's popularity dropped by three percent to 28 percent this quarter. Her father Prince Andrew, who ranks bottom of the list, also saw his popularity drop by one percent to 11 percent.  DON'T MISS:Newly graduate Pippa Middleton to take centre stage with research [INSIGHT]New Archie pictures show 'significant' difference with Cambridges [ANALYSIS]Princess Beatrice appears in £550 Vampire's Wife dress at Wimbledon [PICTURES] However, some royals have fared better in the latest popularity poll too. The Queen's youngest son Prince Edward's popularity stood at 35 percent in the latest poll, an increase of one percent. Prince Harry's popularity increased by two percent to 34 percent in quarter two of 2022, a period which saw the Duke return to the UK to celebrate the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. Meghan Markle's popularity increased by one percent to give her a 25 percent popularity rating, and Princess Eugenie also saw her score boosted by one percent to 31 percent. 