Tottenham have reportedly received a major boost in their pursuit of Nicolo Zaniolo, despite Jose Mourinho asking him to stay at Roma. Spurs are claimed to be the only club interested in the star who is able to afford him. Spurs have made six signings already this summer but Antonio Conte is not finished yet. The Italian could return to Serie A to make his next addition. Zaniolo has been strongly linked with a move to Juventus in recent months. However, it appears Tottenham are now leading the race for his signature. Speaking on Sportmediaset news, via TuttoJuve.com, Italian football journalist Daniele Miceli gave an update on Zaniolo's future. He claimed Roma boss and ex-Spurs manager Mourinho has asked the 23-year-old to stay in Rome. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd done deal, Ronaldo ultimatum, Arsenal £35m discovery  Zaniolo is back with Roma for pre-season and his team-mates have also asked him to stay. However, Miceli says Tottenham could still "break the balance" with an offer of around £41.9million (€50m). Spurs are the only club who could match Roma's demands, with Juve nowhere to be seen. Miceli said: "Zaniolo seems to be oriented towards staying with Roma today, both his teammates and Mourinho have asked him. "The only team that can break the balance is Tottenham, because they have the financial means to reach the €50m requested by Roma. In September, margins could reopen to discuss the renewal of the contract." Zaniolo joined Roma from Inter Milan in 2018. However, his time at the club has been badly affected by injury. DON'T MISSArsenal swap possibility for Tielemans arises as one 'agreement' reachedBarcelona star De Jong ‘drops Man Utd information on team-mates’ in new twistMan Utd ‘edging closer to Antony transfer' after Ajax lower demands for deal  The Italian suffered an anterior cruciate knee ligament injury in January 2020. He made a return to action later that summer after the break caused by the coronavirus pandemic. However, in September 2020 he sustained the same injury which forced him out of the following season. Zaniolo made 42 appearances in all competitions last term, the most he has managed in a single campaign in his professional career. His performances have earned him links to top clubs in Europe, which he is pleased with. Zaniolo told La Gazzetta dello Sport magazine Sportweek: “It is pleasing to be the subject of interest from big clubs, as if they think about you, it means you’re good. I train with even more motivation, as I want to prove it’s right that I’ve been linked with these top clubs.” Zaniolo has won nine caps for Italy since making his debut in 2019, scoring two goals. 