The Met Office has issued amber and red heatwave warnings over the course of Sunday, Monday and Tuesday as temperatures are forecast to potentially exceed 40C in parts of the UK. Due to the typically heavy insulation houses in Britain are lined with, keeping properties cool is hard at the best of times - let alone during a stifling heatwave. The highest temperature recorded in the UK took place in 2019 in Cambridge, with heat levels measured to have hit 38C. But this year, Britain could see records break, with Met Office warnings alerting the public of “population-wide adverse health effects leading to potential serious illness or danger to life”. The Met Office’s chief meteorologist Paul Gundersen said: “Exceptional, perhaps record-breaking temperatures are likely early next week, quite widely across the red warning area on Monday, and focused a little more east and north on Tuesday. “Currently, there is a 50 percent chance we could see temperatures top 40C and 80 percent we will see a new maximum temperature reached.” “Nights are also likely to be exceptionally warm, especially in urban areas. This is likely to lead to widespread impacts on people and infrastructure.”  READ MORE: Boris skips major COBRA meeting to hold farewell party at Chequers  Extra precaution needs to be taken over the next week and if you’re suffering with a particularly hot apartment, here are seven tips to keep the environment cool inside. The more sunlight filtering in through the windows, the hotter the place will be. A great place to start when cooling down your flat would be to keep the blinds shut during the day when the sun is at its strongest. The optimum time to shut blinds will be from around 12pm to 3pm, as despite the sun no longer being at its highest at 3pm, the earth is still expelling the heat it absorbed during that time. However, shutting blinds and curtains of a darker shade could actually make the heat worse.  Dark colours absorb heat, so if your flat’s lined with black blinds, it’s better to keep these up. If you can, swap to lighter shade blinds and curtains in the meantime. And once the sun goes down, roll the blinds back up to allow the trapped heat to escape. If you don’t want to keep the blinds shut all day, you can roll up some solar control window film as an effective way to bounce off heat. The film is designed to give absolute visibility through the film but reduces the solar heat filtering in through the window. So if you’ve got a great view and a hot flat, this would be one of the best routes to take to keep cool.  DON'T MISS: UK heatwave: 41C blast to hit at 6pm on Tuesday [INSIGHT]Expert shares 'worst thing you can do' during extreme heatwave [ANALYSIS]Use 65p tin foil hack to ensure homes stays cool as heatwave continues [ANALYSIS]    For a more cost-effective means to reduce heat, you could make your own solar reflector. To do this, simply cut out a piece of cardboard the size of your window and layer one side with aluminium foil. Place it inside your window frame with the foil directed towards the outside to reflect the rays away from the room. Air is always flowing through your flat, whether you notice it or not. Use this to your own advantage by controlling where the air flows. Close the doors of the rooms you’re not using, but keep doors open to places like your bedroom or living room. This will help the cool air filter into the places you need it most.  Stating the obvious, but nighttime will always be much cooler than the daytime. Make the most of this by cracking the windows open while you sleep to let the fresh air in - but remember to shut the windows again when the sun comes up. If you’re struggling to sleep or sitting on the sofa feels particularly uncomfortable, a quick fix is to stick sheets, pillow and cushion cases in the freezer before you use them.  The same trick can be used for clothes, too. This trick has been quite popular on TikTok, but UK houses aren’t typically kitted out with air conditioning. Make your own by filling up a bowl of ice water and placing it in front of a fan. Martin Seeley, CEO and sleep expert at MattressNextDay said: "The ice cubes slowly melt away, dispersing a cool breeze." 