Upon joining Barcelona, Frenkie de Jong claimed the La Liga giants ‘couldn’t spend a lot of money’. But, over three years on, the Netherlands international’s comments have backfired. Manchester United are keen on the 25-year-old, and still believe he’ll end up making a sensational move to Old Trafford. Barcelona agreed to sign De Jong back in January 2019. And the player, speaking at the time, opened up on his decision to join them by saying: “I am happy, proud and also somewhat relieved that it’s now all behind us. "I spoke to PSG, yes. I rang Maxwell to tell him I was not joining them and my agent informed PSG. “I also spoke with Guardiola about a move to Man City. Clubs all try to convince you when they want you. I am happy and proud that they did so much to get me. "Barcelona have wanted me for a long time, they already tried to sign me last year. “But they also have their financial situation, they can’t just spend loads of money." Man Utd transfers: Barcelona draw up De Jong punishment plan Can’t they Frenkie? Barcelona, in the years since, have spent millions. Regardless of their financial situation - something that’s raised eyebrows across the footballing world. The same year they signed De Jong, they also landed Antoine Griezmann for an eye-watering £107million. That made the France international their third most-expensive signing of all time, behind both Ousmane Dembele and Philippe Coutinho. Back-up goalkeeper Neto touched down from Valencia for £23.4m, while Junior Firpo moved from Real Betis in a £18m deal. Then, a year later, Barcelona squandered yet more cash. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong They spent £54m on Miralem Pjanic, a player they didn’t really need, while also spending a combined £45m on Francisco Trincao and Sergino Dest. Last summer, Barcelona lost Lionel Messi - with the Argentina international tearfully saying goodbye as he was forced to leave. But Barcelona, despite insisting they couldn’t pay Messi, have been more than willing to open the purse strings in the time since. They spent close to £50m on Ferran Torres in January, while also agreeing to pay Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang a huge salary after he was allowed to leave Arsenal. Barcelona also bloated their books by bringing in the likes of Memphis Depay and Sergio Aguero, too. And, this summer, they’ve spent more on Robert Lewandowski and Raphinha - who have joined from Bayern Munich and Leeds respectively. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. All this at a time where the club insist they need to balance the books. And, for De Jong, it’s insulting. The Barcelona star is unhappy at the way he’s been treated amid interest from United, which is one of the reasons the Red Devils think they’ll eventually land their man. The Catalan titans owe their midfielder a huge £17m in wages after he agreed to take a temporary pay cut at the start of the coronavirus pandemic two years ago. De Jong, rightly, wants what he’s entitled to. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team And it seems even he knows there’s more to the La Liga side than meets the eye. De Jong, when he joined Barcelona, was aware of their difficulties behind the scenes. That’s even why he took a pay cut two years ago. But given their spending spree, it’s now beginning to rankle with the 25-year-old. Barcelona continue to brief to De Jong they need him to go in order for their books to be balanced, having agreed a £63m fee with United. Yet the player, so far, isn’t buying it. And how this saga ends is something, ultimately, only time will tell. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here