Photos have emerged of what appear to be huge piles of rubbish and overflowing bins in different areas of Liverpool that have high levels of student housing. Many university students have left or are in the process of leaving their properties and heading home for the summer holidays.  Earlier this week the Liverpool Echo featured a shocking image of mess left in Woodcroft Road in the Picton area, where students have also been vacating their properties. But these issues have been reported in a number of different locations. City councillor Nick Small reported on some grim scenes in the Kensington Fields area of his ward, on the outskirts of the city centre. Kensington is an area known for having a high density of student housing. Sharing a number of images of fly-tipping, dumping and overflowing bins in the area, Cllr Small said: "This is completely unacceptable and selfish behaviour from a minority of students. We've been working hard with our three universities, student unions and Liverpool Student Homes on educating students about what they need to do when they move out. "The universities are funding community skips so there's no need for this. We've had to ask for the council to bring in extra waste collections." Another major mess was reported in the Everton area. The images were sent in by a group of local residents called the Everton Community Action Group. A spokesperson for the group said: "We currently have ongoing issues with waste and vermin as a result of rubbish being left. The waste pictured has been left for three weeks."  But it seems the problem is not just confined to Liverpool, cities across the country have seen reports of rubbish piling up in areas with high levels of student accommodation. Earlier today, the Manchester Evening News reported complaints of "rat-infested" rubbish being dumped outside homes, not to mention similar reports in Birmingham, Leicester and Plymouth. While many on the Liverpool Echo's Facebook page blamed the students, some said the responsibility lies with the landlords.   Andrew David Mallard said: "Totally down to landlords, they've been ripping them off all year." Linda Hall added: "It’s been the same for years every time they leave all rubbish left in back yards, the rats must love it." Meanwhile, John Shaw was keen to point out that students should not all be tarred with the same brush, saying: "I'm not surprised, you should see the halls of residence, those responsible just migrate into the local community and carry on from where they left off the previous term. There are some really nice people though, it's not all of them, but they all get tarred with the same brush, unfortunately." 