The parents revealed they received "coffin money" after their son Alexi died fighting in Ukraine. They bought a white Lada which Alexi "dreamt of". A Rossiya 1 reporter said: "Like his grandfathers and great-grandfathers he fought against fascism." The father added: "In memory of our son we bought a nice new car." The reporter continued: "The new Lada was bought with what people call 'coffin money'. "But what's officially a 'lump sum allowance for the family of the deceased'. "His father says that Alexi dreamt of having a white car, just like this one. "Its first trip is to the cemetery." READ MORE: Russia issues 'doomsday' threat to Ukraine over Crimea It comes as Russian forces kept up their bombardment of cities across Ukraine, with intense shelling of Sumy in the north, cluster bombs targeting Mykolaiv, and a missile strike in Odesa in the south, authorities said on Tuesday. After failing to capture the capital Kyiv at the outset of the invasion on Feb 24, Russia has shifted to a campaign of devastating bombardments to cement and extend its control of Ukraine's south and east. Ukraine says Russian forces have intensified long-distance strikes on targets far from the front, killing large numbers of civilians. Moscow says it is hitting military targets. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky says Russia had fired more than 3,000 cruise missiles and uncountable artillery shells during the five-month conflict. Over the weekend, Zelenskiy suspended the country's security chief and top prosecutor, saying they failed to purge Russian spies from their organizations. Despite his disclosure of Russian penetration of the SBU, U.S. officials on Monday said Washington would continue sharing intelligence that U.S. officials have said Kyiv uses to respond to Moscow's attacks. This week could be pivotal for European countries concerned about the impact of war and sanctions on gas supplies. Russia is due to reopen its main natural gas pipeline to Germany, Nord Stream 1, in coming days after regular maintenance, but Europeans are worried Moscow could keep it closed. DON'T MISS Vladimir Putin jets off to Iran to secure 'important' anti-West pact [INSIGHT]Russian state TV reports on 'benefits' of having your son killed [ANALYSIS]Putin puppet warns Russia dependent Europeans to be warmed up in hell [VIDEO] Russia's Gazprom, which operates the pipeline, has told customers in Europe it cannot guarantee gas supplies because of "extraordinary" circumstances, according to a letter seen by Reuters, upping the ante in an economic tit-for-tat with the West. In Odesa, a Russian missile strike injured at least four people, burned houses to the ground, and set other homes on fire, Oleksii Matsulevych, a spokesman for the regional administration, said on his Telegram channel. Russian forces targeted Mykolaiv with cluster shells Monday, injuring at least two people and damaging windows and roofs of private houses, the Ukrainian city's mayor Oleksandr Senkevich said in a social media post. More than 150 mines and shells had been fired on the Sumy region, Dmytro Zhyvytskyi, the head of the Sumy regional military administration, said on Telegram.