Romeo Beckham has wiped all trace of his girlfriend-of-three-years Mia Regan from his social media after the couple reportedly split. It comes two months after the couple celebrated their milestone anniversary, with rumours swirling they could be the next couple to walk down the aisle following Brooklyn Beckham's marriage to Nicola Peltz. Romeo, 19, sparked concern amongst his 3.6 million Instagram fans that he and the model, also 19, had gone their separate ways after he wiped all mention of her from his profile. Mia had also not posted about Romeo for nearly three months. A source has now suggested that the couple parted ways due to the pressure their conflicting work schedules presented, as Romeo spends his time playing football for Inter Miami II in the States, while Mia is based in London working as a model. The source claimed: "Essentially the long distance relationship at their young ages took its toll. Romeo and Mia are both lovely young people, they're very fond of each other and the family love Mia. READ MORE: Coleen Nolan wows in blue as son marries fiancée in 'perfect’ ceremony  "She's continuing to collaborate with Victoria Beckham through her work, but sadly Romeo and Mia aren't together anymore," they added to MailOnline. They continued to claim that the split was "amicable" and they both still support one another. It comes days after Mia was seen looking blue at Wimbledon as she was spotted without beau Romeo at the start of the month. Watching the goings-on at the SW19 championships, the model looked glum and unimpressed as she leaned her head on her hands while sitting in the crowd. The model looked bored but seemed to perk up when it came to posing for snaps with her father at the Evian VIP Suite area. Mia flashed a hint of toned midriff as she posed in a high-fashion Miu Miu outfit. Last month, Romeo took to Instagram to share his heartache over his long distance relationship with Mia. The clip, posted originally by Mia on her profile, showed her shaking her head as she hummed the song September by Earth, Wind & Fire. DON'T MISS... 'Thank goodness' Carol Vorderman saved by ITV wardrobe department [INSIGHT]Naughty Boy's 'changing' relationship with mum amid dementia diagnosis [ANALYSIS]Vicky Pattison talks Victoria Beckham's 'thin is old-fashioned' remark [UPDATE] Romeo could be seen on her laptop screen watching on as she recorded herself dancing. She captioned the Story: “Long distance,” along with a red heart. Romeo reposted the video, adding: “I miss youuuuuu”. (sic) On May 3, Mia uploaded a series of snaps in view of her X followers, celebrating hers and Romeo's three-year anniversary. She affectionately penned: "I love you 5eva three years around the sun wit uuuuuu," (sic) alongside a series of emojis. The model posted a sweet black and white snap of her and Romeo laughing for the camera. The last picture revealed that the couple had matching heart tattoos on their little fingers. Express.co.uk has contacted representatives of Mia Regan and Romeo Beckham for comment.