A TV licence is needed in the UK to watch any programme that is being broadcasted or streamed live. Currently, the cost of the television licence comes to £159 per household which covers every device in one home. As the cost of living crisis continues and energy bills soar, it’s more important than ever to check if there are any savings to be made. One way could be to get a TV licence refund. The levy needs to be paid to watch live content that is on streaming services, such as BBC iPlayer and Amazon Prime, however, Britons could be eligible for a refund if they only watch Netflix and YouTube. It should be noted that while the BBC is responsible for managing the licence fee, the Government sets any deals, concessions or discounts. READ MORE: Council Tax: 5 million Britons still waiting for £150 rebate - how to get yours Those interested can apply for a refund on their television licence if they will not need it again before its expiration date. Those applying for the refund will not need to calculate out how much they are owed as this will be done for them by TV Licensing. The £159 fee will be frozen, remaining the same until at least 2027. Residents in care homes that have ARC schemes only have to pay a concessionary rate of £7.50, while those over 75 in residences with ARC schemes are eligible for a free licence. READ MORE: Pension: Britons urged to consider way 'likely to increase income' amid inflation Over 75s in receipt of Pension Credit don’t have to pay as well as anyone who doesn’t watch live TV on any channel or service, including BBC iPlayer, no matter what their age. As part of the refund application, applicants should include the name on their TV Licence, address and postcode. As well as this, applicants must also include the date from when they no longer need the licence within the application. Those applying for the refund will not need to calculate how much they are owed as this will be done for them by TV Licensing. On the TV Licensing website, the body gives guidance to those who are looking into applying for the licence fee refund. People can request a refund for their TV Licence if they won’t need their licence again before it expires and they have at least one complete month left on it or their licence expired less than two years ago. TV Licensing stated: “You can request a refund for your TV Licence if you won’t need your licence again before it expires, and you have at least one complete month left on it or your licence expired less than two years ago. “If you’re eligible for an over 75 or blind concession, you can apply at any time and for any length of time left on your licence. “Working out precise refund amounts can be complicated. But we will do it for you. “We’ll look carefully at the information you give us and let you know if we can offer you a refund, and how much it will be.”