Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag has revealed that he has not been looking to sign English players this summer because they are usually overpriced in comparison to their abilities. The Red Devils have already welcomed three new faces since the end of last season, with Tyrell Malacia joining the club from Feyenoord before two more agreements were reached to snap up Christian Eriksen and Lisandro Martinez. United have mainly been linked with Dutch players with a history of working under Ten Hag over the last few months, with Barcelona midfielder Frenkie de Jong said to be at the very top of the club's priority list. The United boss has since opened up on his approach to the summer market by insisting that although he would like to target other players, especially those from England, they are often too expensive to justify their price tags."I would like to sign English players because I think there is only one criterion and that’s quality in combination with the price," Ten Hag told reporters. "It looks like English players are quite expensive. It’s a fact you cannot deny. In the end, it’s about quality."Ten Hag's explanation suggests that United have changed their strategy to be more cautious in the market in comparison to recent years. The Red Devils have often paid big sums of money for players only to be let down by poor performances when they finally arrive at Old Trafford and it seems as though they are looking to avoid making the same mistakes this summer. JUST IN: Arsenal reach Oleksandr Zinchenko transfer breakthrough as fee agreed The United manager's admission that he would like to sign English players also hints at a desire to land ready-made stars with Premier League pedigree. This is one of the clear advantages of signing Eriksen, who recently joined the club on a free transfer after leaving Brentford at the end of last season.It remains to be seen how United will approach the rest of the window as they look to finally wrap up a deal to sign De Jong over the coming weeks. A fee has already been decided upon at club level with Barcelona but the player himself is said to be reluctant to agree personal terms because he would rather stay in Spain than make the switch to England this summer.Ten Hag went on to admit that he is hoping to sign a new deep-lying midfielder before the new Premier League season gets underway by insisting that he is simply waiting for things to fall into place, but refused to name De Jong as the player in question. "We are looking for a player who can play in the holding position but it has to be the right one," added the Dutch boss."There are not many in that position capable of the level we demand. When we can’t find him, we have to deal with the players in our squad now and we will develop one in that position."I will not react on a certain player, we need the right player. We have a list and we qualify as the player who has the competence to play that role. We will strike the moment the player is available." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here