Barcelona President Joan Laporta appeared to confirm Jules Kounde's next club during fan-filmed footage that emerged on Thursday night. Chelsea and Barca have been involved in a tug-of-war for the Sevilla player, and despite a number of ominous setbacks, it now seems as though the Blues are closing in.  Thomas Tuchel has been trying to land Kounde since back in January with the defender able to play at centre-back or right-back, making him a perfect fit for the right side of Chelsea's back three. The Blues have reportedly agreed a £55million fee for the 23-year-old, but Barca are thought to have told him to stall for time until they put together an offer of their own. There appeared to be another blow for the Blues on Thursday when Kounde responded to hijack speculation by turning up in Portugal to set off on Sevilla's pre-season tour. A source told The Sun that the player was merely keen to remain 'professional', however, which kept the Blues' transfer hopes alive. Now, Laporta may have delivered the best news of all after being quizzed by a Barca fan on whether they will hijack the move. "Kounde no," he said in footage uploaded to social media by Relevo. "He is signed by Chelsea." JUST IN: Tottenham transfer chief Fabio Paratici using Japhet Tanganga to discuss two more deals  La Blaugrana have already splashed out this summer considering the well-publicised financial troubles that forced an emotional split with club legend Lionel Messi last year. Robert Lewandowski and Raphinha are already bedding in at the Camp Nou after big-money moves, while Franck Kessie and Andreas Christensen have arrived on free transfers. It therefore remained doubtful that Barca could put together a bid for Kounde to rival Chelsea's. The Blues will also have the bit between their teeth after agreeing a fee for Raphinha earlier this month, only for their move to be hijacked by Laporta and co.  Tuchel has been forced into a defensive revamp after Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen left on free transfers at the end of June. Kalidou Koulibaly's £34m arrival from Napoli was a big statement to restore fans' optimism, and with new owner Todd Boehly keen to make a good early impression, there are believed to be more defensive targets in the pipeline even if they land Kounde. The situation represents a delicate balancing act for the Chelsea boss, who has a number of promising youth players desperate to be given a chance in the senior side. Levi Colwill and Ethan Ampadu have both been tipped for big futures and their Chelsea fate could be sealed by the number of centre-backs signed, with game time believed to be a high priority. The Blues are reported to be in talks with Paris Saint-Germain for Frenchman Presnel Kimpembe, and they were also heavily linked with Manchester City's Nathan Ake. Pep Guardiola blocked the deal after Chelsea refused to meet their valuation, however, taking Tuchel's defensive transformation plans elsewhere. There is huge pressure on the club to strengthen this summer given a host of impressive signings made by Tottenham, Arsenal, Manchester United and others. Manchester City and Liverpool have also made additions, which will theoretically make it harder to close the gap that emerged last season.