Former Sky News political editor discussed the Prime Minister meeting with the Queen today to discuss his position in Government. Mr Boulton discussed Mr Johnson resigning as Prime Minister and stated that he said he's going but hasn't gone yet. Mr Johnson has now given his resignation speech outside Number 10 Downing Street. The Queen cut her stay at Sandringham short, in order to be able to meet with Mr Johnson as she will play a key role in the new appointment of a Prime Minister.  Mr Boulton told Sky News: "On those press releases we get from Downing Street when their ministerial changes. "It says that the Queen has been pleased to point so and so in this particular role. "Well, the Queens got to decide whether this is just fantasy Cabinets now being played by Boris Johnson or whether it's something that she should endorse. "Particularly since he says he's going but he hasn't gone yet. "So he's just creating more and more chaos and mess against the national interest."   JUST IN: 'Bye Boris!' PMQs stream cut short as MPs shout at Johnson     Political experts have been speculating as to who will take over as Prime Minister. Leader of the Labour party Sir Keir Starmer called for a snap election earlier this week.  Sir Keir Starmer tweeted following Mr Johnson's speech: "Boris Johnson is unfit to govern and he needs to go now. He cannot cling on for months. If the Conservative party do not get rid of him, then Labour will act in the national interest and bring a vote of no confidence." But Mr Johnson's choice to step down meant that the Queen did not have to involve herself in politics. If Mr Johnson decided to stay and call a snap election to try and see if the public would save him.   READ MORE:'We're going to see a lot more unrest' Vine panellist warns of further protests      Many MPs and Government ministers are making their bids to be his replacement. And some political commentators claimed that the two first ministers to resign, ex-Chancellor Rishi Sunak and Sajid Javid were leaving to distance themselves from the mess made at Number 10. Before placing their own bids to be the next Prime Minister. According to Ladbrokes bookmakers, Penny Mordaunt is the favourite to replace Mr Johnson. DON’T MISS: 'It's over, isn't it?' Nadhim Zahawi finds out another minister has quit live on air[INSIGHT] ‘I personally have lost confidence in the Prime Minister’ Another Tory MP savages Boris [REVEAL] 'Blistering' Beijing blasted as MI5 and FBI warn China poses 'game-changing challenge' [SPOTLIGHT]      One MP who repeatedly called for Mr Johnsons to resign has discussed how he would run the country if he was in charge. Conservative MP Steve Baker told BBC News: "So it's time to just have stability, deliver this manifesto with this mandate and run for about the two years. "Then have a general election which we can deserve to win, deal with the cost of living crisis, this mandate this manifesto. "Beyond that, we've got to look really seriously at who we want to be, I think the public... I'm certain the British public can rise to the challenge at the moment, we have got to deal with the economy and energy policy. "We've got to make sure that the people of this country are evermore prosperous and free." 