Max Verstappen unleashed a furious outburst over his Red Bull team radio on Sunday as minor damage hampered his British Grand Prix. The Dutchman was leading before hitting a stray shard of carbon, which forced him to pit and dice with reduced grip for the remainder of the race, allowing Lewis Hamilton to later power through and into the lead. Verstappen complained about damage earlier in the race which some felt could lead to a premature retirement, but his team radio outburst came after they pitted him for hard compound tyres around the halfway mark. With the Dutchman struggling for grip and losing time compared to the grid's front-runners, he vented: "I don't know why the f*** you put me on these tyres, given the damage. I'm driving like I'm on ice." Meanwhile, home favourite Hamilton was told 'let's go for it' as the Ferraris pitted ahead of him, giving the seven-time world champion clear air in which to try and consolidate his lead. DON'T MISS: British Grand Prix LIVE: Hamilton battling for podium with Verstappen having car problems The frustration was clear to see in Verstappen, who came into this weekend on a stunning run of five wins in his last six Grand Prix. His Red Bull team have been formidable of late, with Sergio Perez picking up the other victory during that stretch. And seeing his old foe, Hamilton, take the lead will have done nothing to calm his nerves. The Brit has won a Grand Prix in every single F1 season since his debut, with 2022 now the longest distance into a campaign that has seen him go without.  It has been a troubled few days for Verstappen at Silverstone, with British fans voicing their anger by directing a chorus of boos towards him on Thursday and Saturday. Red Bull boss Christian Horner claims that his star driver 'accepts' that Hamilton is the undisputed favourite on British soil, but Verstappen himself admitted this weekend that he was 'disappointed' at the reaction from the crowd. Hamilton, meanwhile, urged fans against booing his Dutch rival after qualifying. "I think we're better than that," he claimed. "They shouldn't do that. Of course fans feel emotions and some may still feel the pain from last year. But I don't agree."  Verstappen also had a tough time at Silverstone in 2021 as his high-speed collision with Hamilton sent him crashing into the barriers before being whisked off to hospital. That allowed the Mercedes star back into the Championship race, even if Verstappen ended up having the last lap. Hamilton went on to win last year's Grand Prix by overtaking Ferrari's Charles Leclerc with three laps remaining, and outraged Red Bull's Horner with his jubilant celebrations. This time around, Hamilton had to settle for a spot on the podium as Carlos Sainz took the win, with Verstappen finishing in P7. 