Tottenham have been one of the busiest Premier League clubs this summer as Antonio Conte seeks to build on an impressive season in which Champions League qualification was secured for the first time since 2019. Spurs already have six new arrivals ahead of the 2022-23 campaign, with Richarlison, Ivan Perisic and Yves Bissouma just three of the stars added to Conte's squad. Express Sport looks at the team the Italian might choose for the club’s opening top-flight fixture against Southampton with five of the new players in mind. Goalkeeper: Hugo Lloris Long-serving shot-stopper Hugo Lloris will enter his 10th season at Spurs in August. There was a time when the north Londoners struggled to find a consistent No 1 but the Frenchman proved to be an outstanding signing. Lloris’ ability shows no sign of declining despite the fact he turns 36 in December. Spurs could still get a few more years out of the 139-cap France international. He has played 413 games for the club and was key to Spurs’ surge into the top four last season. Lloris kept 16 clean sheets and played in each Premier League fixture in 2021-22. JUST IN: Arsenal may be about to spend another £77m as Gunners 'optimistic' Defenders: Cristian Romero, Eric Dier, Clement Lenglet One of Conte’s top summer priorities was to sign a new centre-back and while he did not manage to secure Alessandro Bastoni from Inter Milan, Spurs will still have a solid structure at the back. Barcelona outcast Clement Lenglet has been loaned from the La Liga outfit for the campaign, while the improvement of Eric Dier last term makes him a certain starter in the middle of the back three. The 28-year-old could be in line for an England recall ahead of the World Cup if his good form continues. Cristian Romero will fill the remaining spot. Spurs can also choose between Davinson Sanchez, Ben Davies, Joe Rodon and Japhet Tanganga - although the latter looked poised for a departure. DON'T MISS...Liverpool boss Klopp told he's signed another Milner by club legendChelsea could have saved £180m without making four transfer mistakes30 years’ jail for robber who left Ashley Cole fearing for his life Midfielders: Djed Spence, Rodrigo Bentancur, Yves Bissouma, Ivan Perisic Conte was keen to upgrade at wing-back after being left unimpressed with the likes of Matt Doherty and Emerson Royal. Speedy right-sider Djed Spence - who was key to Nottingham Forest’s promotion during a loan spell - has been signed from Middlesbrough. Versatile Croatian veteran Ivan Perisic can fill in at left wing-back, although Conte might want to see how Ryan Sessegnon develops after a positive end to last season. The Italian now has plenty of options in the wide positions. The bargain £25m capture of Yves Bissouma from Brighton adds another central midfield option, and the Malian will surely start the campaign. Rodrigo Bentancur and Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg formed an excellent partnership last season, and will battle it out for a place alongside Bissouma.   Attackers: Richarlison, Harry Kane, Son Heung-min A £50m move for Richarlison caught many by surprise earlier in the transfer window, but Spurs’ transfer activity has centred around adding depth to ensure they are competitive both domestically and in Europe. It means the Brazilian will compete with January arrival Dejan Kulusevski for a place alongside Harry Kane and Son Heung-min in Conte’s front three. Kane will hope for a better start to this season - having scored just two Premier League goals before Christmas in 2021-22.