Next week, the Duchess will compete with Great Britain’s SailGP team in Plymouth in a "Commonwealth Race" against their New Zealand rivals. It will take place ahead of the final day of the GB Sail Grand Prix.  Kate, who is known to be a keen sportswoman, will become a member of the British crew. She will be working with the rest of the crew to race the boat at speeds of up to 50 knots (more than 55 mph). While in Plymouth, the Duchess will join the 1851 trust, a charity she is a patron of. The visit will allow the royal to meet young people involved in the trust's activities in order to promote sustainability.  However, the Cambridges' decision to stay in the UK may also be linked to preparations for their expected move to Windsor. The family is relocating from Kensington Palace in central London to the Berkshire town for a number of reasons, it has been reported. Moving to Windsor will mean that the family will be closer to the Queen, who now lives permanently at Windsor Castle. The Duchesses’ parents, Carole and Michael Middleton, along with her brother James also live nearby. READ MORE: George received an adorable special birthday treat from the Queen  Although they have their Norfolk house Anmer Hall on the Sandringham estate to retreat to the country, the Cambridges may wish to escape from the bustle of London life permanently. Despite the move out of the capital, the Duke and Duchess will still use Kensington Palace as their London base for work. It is also expected that Prince George and Princess Charlotte will start new schools in September. According to reports, the Cambridges are expected to move to Adelaide Cottage, a four bedroom house in the grounds of Windsor Castle. DON'T MISS: Prince Harry whispered comment to Meghan after passionate speech [REVEAL] Harry and Meghan 'highly unlikely' to attend William's US event [INSIGHT] Fans slam Meghan for Harry's damaged 'bond' with Prince George  [SPOTLIGHT]  The 19th-century cottage was previously considered a weekend getaway for the Duke and Duchess of Sussex before they stepped down from frontline royal duties in 2020. Adelaide Cottage was first built in 1831 and named after William IV’s wife, Queen Adelaide. According to Historic England, the master bedroom features gilded dolphins and rope ornament originally used on the royal yacht, HMY Royal George, along with a marble Greco-Egyptian fireplace. It was renovated as recently as 2016, ensuring that the Cambridges won't need to do any major repairs. The cottage's most famous past resident was Peter Townsend, an RAF officer who was engaged to Princess Margaret but was unable to marry her as he was divorced which went against the social conventions of the time. 