It’s been 45 years since Elvis Presley died and only now has his life and career been given the cinematic biopic treatment by Baz Luhrmann. Both Priscilla and Lisa Marie Presley have praised the movie, claiming that Austin Butler’s portrayal of the music icon has finally got The King right. No doubt the blockbuster will receive 2023 Oscars buzz, but not everyone in the late singer’s family are thrilled with the finished product. Elvis’ long-term girlfriends after he separated from Priscilla, Linda Thompson (1972-1976) and Ginger Alden (1976-1977) have shared their frustration at being omitted from the movie, claiming it really isn't a biopic. Alongside them, the last surviving Memphis Mafia member and Elvis’ cousin Billy Smith has lambasted the blockbuster, even though he found aspects of it entertaining. Appearing with his wife Jo on their Elvis Fans Matter YouTube channel, he said: “Gee all I can say is I’m sure they didn’t invite us to the premiere because I don’t think I could have held my mouth shut. I liked Austin Butler, I thought he done a good job. I liked Tom Hanks playing the Colonel, except for the accent. I tried to go into the movie and I think I did with a good positive attitude and I found it entertaining. But it also had so many faults and out-of-sequence [moments] and made people look bad that shouldn’t have. You can definitely tell who the consultants of the movie were. I mean, it’s obvious. I hate to say it, but I’m probably going to pick this thing to death.” On the belief that Elvis “stole the black man’s music”, the Memphis Mafia member said: “That’s not true at all. He listened to black men’s music, he liked it, but also liked a lot of other music. He liked country, rhythm and blues, and gospel... Elvis took this and blended it, he was the creator of his music. Not anybody else.” Billy claimed that the scenes of Elvis as a boy running around Tupelo in a black neighbourhood and “fetching religion” in a tent revival were inaccurate too. The King’s cousin claimed that his mother Gladys wouldn’t have allowed him to do that, saying that she took him to church often and that’s where he found his faith. He added in an outburst: “Where do these people get their information? Biopic? That’s bio-sick. I mean y’know my goodness!…that movie could have been done a whole lot better and never lost its style.” READ MORE: Elvis: Linda Thompson's tribute to King 50 years after first meeting Billy’s wife Jo, who knew Elvis very well too, said: “I feel they did not portray the Elvis we knew or Colonel Parker [who acted so silly in this movie, ridiculous. I think Tom Hanks did a good job on what he was told and what he had to work with. I thought Austin Butler did a great job. He was a little too jerky at times. We saw it first hand and to me, he’s done the best job of anybody who has portrayed Elvis. The only thing they got right is that it’s making a fortune and a lot of people are getting very rich off of it. I think to me, they betrayed Elvis. If Elvis were here today I think he would be really p***ed off that he’d go down in history to look like he was such a downer, such a down person…Well if it was [supposed to be] about Colonel and Elvis they should have left it with Colonel and Elvis and not added in the little touches that certain people added in to it to make themselves look so great because Elvis’ life didn’t end in 1973. He didn’t have the Lisa Marie [jet] in 1973. In fact, some of his happiest times, we were there and to me, he was a happy person, an outgoing person, a fun-loving person.” DON'T MISSThe Beatles: Paul McCartney on first meeting ‘posh’ John Lennon [THE BEATLES]Elvis: Priscilla slams Colonel Parker horror stories 'He was caring' [PRISCILLA]Elvis movie: Major girlfriends and life details ‘erased’ from biopic [ELVIS MOVIE] Jo added: “[The movies makes him seem like] he’ll go down in history, in my opinion, as just somebody who was miserable from the time he was a little kid until the time he passed away. And that’s not how Elvis was. Would I go see the movie again? No. If I’d known what it was going to be like, I probably wouldn’t have gone to see it the first time. It was almost like an insult to his character to me, but that’s just my opinion.” The couple also made it clear that if fans enjoy the movie and they want to see it multiple times then they totally respect that and it’s just their point of view. Elvis is out now in cinemas.