The Sky News host cut in after Rwandan journalist Eleneus Akanga compared the Government's immigration policy to "s*****ng in the wind". Mr Akanga insisted empirical data had shown the scheme would not work in the long-term and cited the assessment of asylum seeker support charities to hit out at the plan. The freelance reporter, who himself escaped to the UK after voicing criticism against Paul Kagame's government, said: "I think it's nonsense. "It is unpractical, it doesn't work because of all sorts of faults. "It's probably illegal, so many people who have dealt with immigrants, who have dealt with refugees, have said this is an unworkable policy. "I don't understand why the Government seems so very keen to plough on with this policy regardless of the evidence that it won't work. "We've seen since it was announced an increase in refugees or asylum seekers crossing the Channel coming into the UK." JUST IN: Tories hit by new pressure to KEEP Boris Johnson as PM after eyebrow-raising poll Addressing his co-panellist, Mr Akanga added: "Now, Kevin Saunders is talking about the need to do something but this is like s*****ng in the wind. "You can't just s**t in the wind and just hope..." But Sky News host Kimberley Leonard immediately interrupted him to apologise to viewers: "Oh, sorry. We can't say that. "You can't use that language here, I'm really sorry. READ MORE: New poll suggest Tory voters would welcome peerage for Boris Johnson  "So let's just say you say it's unworkable and there's clear evidence that it hasn't worked." Both Rishi Sunak and Liz Truss, currently vying to take over from Boris Johnson in September, have both thrown their support behind the Rwanda scheme. Mr Sunak and Ms Truss set out their plans to press ahead with the controversial policy of sending illegal migrants to Rwanda. The first deportation flight was blocked last month by the European Court of Human Rights (ECHR). DON'T MISS: Smug Starmer's plot to seize on Tory leadership chaos FAILING [REVEAL] POLL: Who was Britain's best Prime Minister in past 40 years? [INSIGHT] Liz Truss husband: How Hugh O'Leary forgave racy affair with Tory MP [SPOTLIGHT] The Foreign Secretary said she would look to pursue more "third country processing partnerships like Rwanda", would increase the border force by 20 percent and strengthen Britain's Bill of Rights. In a statement, she said: "As prime minister, I am determined to see the Rwanda policy through to full implementation as well as exploring other countries where we can work on similar partnerships. "I'll make sure we have the right levels of force and protection at our borders. I will not cower to the ECHR and its continued efforts to try and control immigration policy." Mr Sunak said he would treat illegal immigration as "one of five major emergency responses" he will tackle in his first 100 days as prime minister. Writing in The Sun, the former Chancellor said: "I'll take a hard-headed targets approach, with incentives for people who meet them and penalties for those who don't. "If a country won't cooperate on taking back illegal migrants, I won't think twice about our relationship with them when it comes to foreign aid, trade and visas."