Manchester United have held 'positive talks' over the signing of Ajax defender Lisandro Martinez as they look to beat Arsenal to a deal for the Argentine international, reports claim. As expected, the Red Devils have finally entered the fray as they prepare to rival the Gunners for the centre-back, who has been the subject of two bids from Arsenal.  Their opening offer worth £25million was immediately rejected before they upped their bid by £10m to £35m plus add-ons. Ajax are still yet to officially respond to the proposal, which still falls short of their £45m asking price, although there is some suggestion £42m could be enough to secure an agreement. However, Goal are now reporting that United have opened talks for the 24-year-old and there were positive feelings about the conversations they held. It's also claimed that Martinez wants to reunite with Erik ten Hag, which is expected to take preference over any move to Arsenal. READ MORE: Man Utd hatch Frenkie de Jong announcement plan as transfer deal enters 'final stages' United have endured a slow start to the transfer window but there is quiet confidence United could indeed land the versatile ball-playing defender, who can also play at left-back and defensive midfield. He was a former favourite of Ten Hag during their time together in Amsterdam and that would be enough to convince United that he is a player worth pursuing. The Red Devils haven't had much success pursuing Ajax stars this summer but that could now be about to change. Talks for Jurrien Timber proved complicated while Antony's price tag means he is potentially out of their reach. DON'T MISS MORE UNITED GOSSIPCristiano Ronaldo 'wants out of Man Utd' as board handed transfer ultimatum over signingsMan Utd hatch Frenkie de Jong announcement plan as transfer deal enters 'final stages'Man Utd to bolster Erik ten Hag transfer budget as '£11m Fulham agreement struck'  But there has now been progress on other deals with a broad agreement for Frenkie de Jong now in place with Barcelona. He too, could be set to arrive at Old Trafford in the coming weeks providing a move can be finalised. Personal terms have not yet been agreed with De Jong still keen to remain with United. A deal has also been struck with Feyenoord for left-back Tyrell Malacia, who was on course to join Lyon. The defender is expected to become the first new signing of the Ten Hag era and he will rival Luke Shaw and Alex Telles for a place in the United XI. Malacia is currently discussing personal terms with the Red Devils after they hijacked Lyon's move, which was in the final stages. United have now waved goodbye to several of their out of contract stars including Jesse Lingard, Juan Mata, Edinson Cavani, Paul Pogba and Lee Grant. Now Ten Hag will press ahead with securing new recruits in time for the pre-season tour of the Far East in July.