Almost the first out of the gate to assault our lugs was a spin merchants dream, “Ready4Rishi”. Sounds a bit like a supermarket TV dinner. Can Rishi Sunak climb any higher up the ladder though? Well, we’ll just have to wait and see, won’t we? The Saj has thrown his cap in the ring too, although apparently being quietly asked to remove it by team Sunak. The two of them, Dishy Rishi and the Saj that is, were the architects of Boris’ final fall the other day. Theyboth deny any collusion, hand on heart of course, but what dya reckon? Predictably, Jeremy Hunt has entered the race, fancying himself as a worthy successor to Boris this time around. Poor chap didn’t fair quite so well before when the Johnson Juggernaut left him in their dust. Doubtless hoping for better luck this time having teamed up with Esther McVey, and that offers a tantalizing prospect too, doesn’t it? Barely a few days have passed since the starting gun went off and we’re already in the thick of it. And it’ll only pick up intensity in the days and weeks to come, even with an elongated final stretch. Let’s just pause for a second and perhaps consider some of the more urgent issues on our plates in the real world at the moment. Stratospherically high fuel and energy costs, runaway inflation, the resurrection of trade union militancy, and we’ve still got the eco-mob causing trouble. Mad Vlad is doing his best to outdo Stalin pursuing his genocidal ambitions in Ukraine. He plunders Ukrainian natural resources and commodities, then tries to hold the western world hostage by blockading their grain shipments. And what happens here? It’s a lynch mob and vendetta against Boris served up on a smorgasbord of hypocrisy. Not for one second disregarding Rishi Sunak’s clearly impressive abilities, but his position was achieved with two big breaks he got courtesy of Boris Johnson.  Firstly, he was appointed as Chief Secretary of the Treasury. Secondly, he got parachuted into number 11 Downing Street following the end of the brief Saj era as Chancellor of the Exchequer. And the biggest thing of all, Boris influenced an eighty strong overall majority. Translated, this means many of those who stabbed him in the back were only able to do so because without Boris they wouldn’t have been elected to parliament in the first place, such is his electoral magnetism. With all the backstabbing and widespread “Brutus” moments within the parliamentary Conservative party it only goes to show that loyalty counts for very little amongst our political class. Opportunism often triumphs over principle, or so it seems amongst those so consumed with such burning ambition. But events have reached a point where a new leader must be found. Sadly, this process will not conclude without there being a considerable amount of photo op preening for the public to suffer. It won’t be pretty. There will be widespread general engagement in a no holds barred slugfest of political one upmanship - a veritable orgy of barbaric character assassination. They’ll all be tearing their opponents’ hearts out and then it’ll all be over as if nothing ever happened. Let’s unite as a party and as a country, the eventual winner will say. Well excuse me, but just what on earth was the course of their moral compass to begin with? Fair question, innit? The mudslinging is already well underway. Assertions and accusations of money laundering, sexual impropriety and other heinous acts are flying thick and fast. Leaks of bile are even contaminating the debate. If only a fraction of the insults being hurled (that’s what they are) had any truth to them those seeking high office must be pretty ghastly people.  The political class have been well and truly exposed for who and what they have become. Their opportunistic agenda exhibits such a glaring disconnect with their constituents. Judging by this spectacle that has to change pronto. We desperately need a new PM who embodies what best reflects the majority of across the board genuine values. No more nanny knows best and patronising the punters at the polls. Wishful thinking, I reckon. Slick spin of a candidate’s virtues, for example, is a vulgar indulgence unlikely to fool most people, especially if it’s laced with a good dose of hypocrisy. This emerging free for all has these two elements aplenty. A dignified transition to a new administration would be nice and perhaps might go some way towards repairing the battered image of elected office, but don’t count on it. 