Penn Badgley will soon be returning as obsessive serial killer Joe Goldberg in the highly anticipated fourth season of You. With the Netflix production currently filming in London, a recent behind-the-scenes snap may have confirmed Joe’s next victim. The lead star of You has been spotted disposing of some suspicious bags of rubbish on the set of the new season. Although Joe’s latest obsession, Marienne Bellamy (played by Tati Gabrielle), was thought to have left for Paris, the next season of Netflix’s hit thriller will actually take place in London. You’s lead star has been spotted filming around the UK capital throughout production, and the latest sneak peek confirms Joe is up to his usual tricks. It appears Joe will once again have to find a way to dispose of one of his victims as he was seen throwing bagged body parts into an unknown sea or river. READ MORE: Ralf Little heartbroken as he uncovers 'upsetting' family secret The former bookseller was last seen planning a move to Paris after killing his wife Love (Victoria Pedretti) and faking his own death. However, his plans have apparently changed, and Joe will spend season four on the prowl for his next victims in the UK’s biggest city. Aside from swapping suburbia for city living, little is known about the plot of You’s next outing. As to why the series has completely subverted expectations with its London setting, Penn quipped how “it’s cheaper”. Despite his aims to move to Paris to pursue Marienne, Penn hinted there’s an important reason for Joe’s new surroundings. “The problem is in him, it's not so much outside of him so he's trying to change. He is always trying, failing, trying,” he told Entertainment Weekly. He also teased to Collider: “[Season four] might be more about Joe's relationship with himself. “Because this isn't really a show about a murderer, this is a show about... I think it's taking the mistakes that we make in relationships to the extreme for the sake of a good story. DON'T MISS:Yellowstone season 5 theory: Beth and Rip split sealed [INSIGHT]The Walking Dead major death confirmed in first look  [SPOILERS]Better Call Saul’s Giancarlo Esposito teases Gus Fring prequel [INTERVIEW] “Like, we really need to lay down our swords and stop being competitive in relationships, but that's very hard to do.” Penn has also revealed the show’s setting won’t be the only significant difference to You in season four. “The tone is similar but it's shifting in that there is a different format,” he said in EW. “We're using a different format. It's almost like we're shifting the genre slightly. And I think it works.” Although Love is out of the picture, and with Marienne potentially out of sight in Paris, it won’t take long for Joe to set his sights on another unassuming victim. In fact, Ghosts star Charlotte Ritchie is already confirmed to be portraying art gallery director Kate, whose boyfriend brings Joe into their lives. She’ll be joining EastEnders’ Tilly Keeper and Amy Leigh Hickman as well as Outlander’s Ed Speleers to round out the main cast of the next season. You seasons 1-3 are available to stream on Netflix.