Chelsea have found out exactly what Juventus are thinking as they continue their pursuit of Matthijs de Ligt this summer. Thomas Tuchel has made signing a defender his priority. Chelsea have learned that Juventus are preparing to reject their offer of £67million for Matthijs de Ligt. The Dutchman has become one of the top transfer targets at Stamford Bridge this summer. Thomas Tuchel wants to bolster his defence after his last crop were ransacked when Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen's contracts expired at the end of June. They have joined Real Madrid and Barcelona respectively and they might not be the last. Both Cesar Azpilicueta and Marcos Alonso are believed to want to move to the Nou Camp as well, which would leave Thiago Silva, Malang Sarr and Trevoh Chalobah as the only centre-backs in west London. It has led to widespread interest in a number of targets, including Jules Kounde, Wesley Fofana and Kalidou Koulibaly. But Tuchel has made it clear to his new boss Todd Boehly that De Ligt is the answer and has demanded that the Dutchman be signed amid his contract woes at Juventus. Chelsea have tried to take advantage by offering Timo Werner as well as a lump cash sum. However, that has since been turned down but a new bid totalling £67m will meet the same fate, report Corriere dello Sport. Juve believe the 22-year-old is worth closer to his release clause which stands at around £103m. But this is the very point that De Ligt has quarrel with at Juventus amid his contract negotiations with the Old Lady, demanding that the release clause be lowered so that he has more control over his future. The centre-back is open to a move to Chelsea and wants to try his hand in the Premier League. De Ligt haws been left peeved by the lack of transfer action in Turin while their recent lack of success in Serie A has also spoiled his view of the club. Nevertheless, Juve remain in the front seat and do not need to bow to Chelsea's demands considering the Netherlands international's contract does not expire until 2024 but Chelsea owner Boehly has insisted he will bring an American view to transfers. "We think the global footprint of this sport is really undeveloped," Boehly said. "There are four billion fans of European football. There are 170 million fans of NFL. Global club football is a fraction of the NFL media money. "We are also going to be thinking about, how do we get more revenues for the players? "If you look at LeBron James, for example, he has a whole business and a whole team dedicated to what's not on the court. So I think there is opportunity to capture some of that American mentality into English sports and really develop them."