Nick Kyrgios has sensationally admitted to intentionally throwing tennis matches if his favourite NBA team, the Boston Celtics, lose in a close match the night before. The Aussie is an avid Celtics fan and regularly wears their jersey while practicing or around tennis events throughout the year. He also recently played in a celebrity all-star basketball game in Australia where NBL icon Steve Carfino ripped into Kyrgios for a 'lack of sportsmanship'. The 27-year-old is back in action at Wimbledon this week where he made headlines during his first-round clash with Britain's Paul Jubb. The Australian tennis ace confirmed after the match that he spat in the direction of a fan after beating Jubb while he also took aim at line judges and regularly moaned about crowd members overstepping the mark. It was chalk and cheese on Thursday though as he demolished Filip Krajinovic in 84 minutes with little to no controversy or outbursts. But speaking after the match on Tennis Channel, Kyrgios may have put himself in hot water after admitting to throwing matches in the past if the Celtics lose. Kyrgios went on to state that with the NBA season over, there won't be any repeat offenses when he takes on Stefanos Tsitsipas on Saturday. JUST IN: Nick Kyrgios makes doubles commitment despite Wimbledon withdrawal  "I've literally thrown tennis matches if they've lost in like, double overtime," he said. "If someone plays me and they know the Celtics have lost, that's your chance. "That is for sure your chance, to play me on that day. Unlucky for Stef, the [NBA] season is over. "I literally watch like live streams, everything. I barely miss a game and if they lose I am in a pretty bad mood." DON'T MISS  While Kyrgios was on top form against Krajinovic, he still appeared frustrated in his post-match press conference. He spoke about the "disrespect" aimed at him in the media and that his win over Krajinovic "dumbfounded" everyone. "I didn't want to remind people that I'm good; I know that I'm good," he said. "I just feel like people just don't give me the respect sometimes because of other things that I do. "There was just nothing the media possibly could tell me I did wrong today. I just know that you can't possibly ask me anything and stir anything up. "And I love it because then you can't write anything. What are you going to say? Nothing today. Dumbfounded all of you."