Role-playing game fans rejoiced this week when the first trailer for Dungeons & Dragons: Honor Among Thieves was released at Comic-Con's Hall H this week. The upcoming movie marks the first time the iconic franchise from Wizards of the Coast has had Hollywood's full-budget potential behind it, and it has a star-studded cast. James Bond candidate Regé-Jean Page plays Xenk, a noble Paladin, while Chris Pine is a whip-smart Bard named Edgin. But Hugh Grant is perhaps the most interesting character of all: Forge, a noble Rogue who is up to no good. Grant is a legend in Hollywood and has appeared in countless movies over the years ranging from comedies to romance movies to period dramas. But it seems that delving into the magic-filled Forgotten Realms was where he drew the line. In a new interview, Grant revealed he did not want to join the Dungeons & Dragons movie. "My agent said: 'I'm going to send you this Dungeon and Dragons thing,'" he remembered. "I thought: 'I don't think that's for me dear.'" It's easy to see why Grant might not want to jump into the series. Dungeons & Dragons has been running for more than 40 years at this point and has reams of backstory, content and lore to catch up on. On top of that, the incredible Critical Role online actual-play series has given the franchise new life with even more loveable characters. But Grant was brought back on board after he took some time to look at the movie. "Then I read it," he recalled. "And it's, like, really hilarious." READ MORE: Hugh Grant breaks silence on link to Prince Andrew film adaptation Grant went on to praise the movie's directors, Jonathan Goldstein and John Francis Daley. He said: "The two Jonathans who wrote and directed it must have been very steeped in Monty Python or something. Because it was a properly funny script." (Via BBC) Daley agreed with Grant - mostly. He said: "[We're] huge fans. The irreverence of it. The one thing in this that isn't in Monty Python is the true stakes. This is not a comedy per se. It was very important to us to make sure that we correctly straddled that line between humour and making sure that the stakes were high and the drama was real. So that was the real challenge." DON'T MISS...Hugh Grant looks serious at Wimbledon as fans call for him to be PM [NEWS]Hugh Grant health: Star's 'eyeballs felt 3 sizes too big' due to Covid [HEALTH]Hugh Grant breaks silence on claim he's set to become next Doctor Who [INFO] Page, who is best known for playing the hunk Simon Bassett in the Netflix period drama Bridgerton is due to be a big part of the Dungeons and Dragons movie. He also told the BBC that he joined the movie because it is so full of "heart and humour" as well as "compassion and adventure". He added that it ticked "all the boxes" for an actor to want to join the production. This is not the first Dungeons & Dragons movie to be made, however. Back in 2000, New Line Cinema released Dungeons & Dragons in cinemas starring Justin Whalin, Marlon Wayans and Jeremy Irons. It was a colossal flop. It earned a meagre $33 million on a $45 million budget. And its reviews were even worse. The average Rotten Tomatoes rating was 3.2 out of 10. One rating noted: "Critics say this movie has a cheap look and is badly directed." SOURCE