Doc Martin will be coming to an end after season 10 and in the meantime, ITV has been airing previous episodes. The titular character (played by Martin Clunes) said goodbye to his beloved family member, Aunt Joan (Stephanie Cole) in 2011. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about why actress Cole left the TV series. Joan Norton was introduced as the main character's aunt who would usually host him at her farm when he was a child. She loved Martin like a mother and continued to be close to him throughout the series. However, her nephew's extreme bluntness would often leave her lost for words. The character died after a heart attack in season five, and she never got to meet her great-nephew, James. Fans were heartbroken at her sudden exit, and actress Cole detailed the reason why she left. READ MORE: Doc Martin original cast: Where are the cast now? Entertainment Daily quoted her as saying at the time: "With TV, after four series I always say, ‘Thank you, that’s the end of it!’ “That’s why I left Doc Martin – there are other mountains to climb, other rivers to swim. “I absolutely respect people who spend a long time doing one thing, but I’m not made like that.” Wanting to take on something new and exciting, she went on to star in Coronation Street as Sylvia Goodwin in 2011, before leaving the show two years later. The star has since appeared in BBC Two's Inside No. 9 and BBC One drama Gentleman Jack. Her character was replaced by Aunt Ruth (Eileen Atkins), who came to Portwenn following her sister's death. Actress Cole is now 80 years old and she is still going strong in her acting career. One of her latest roles was in an episode of The Cleaner in 2021. She also starred in all six episodes of Scarborough in 2019. Fans were gutted when they found out Aunt Joan had left the series for good. DON'T MISS... Doc Martin's house on market for £1.25m [INSIGHT] When is Doc Martin back on? All we know so far about season 10 [DISCUSSION] Bradley Walsh floored as The Chase guest makes surprising confession [VIDEO] Taking to Twitter, Britt Pollard @ahoybritannia said: "It's not that I don't like Eileen Atkins as an actress in general, but I couldn't take to Aunt Ruth - I miss Auntie Joan! #DocMartin." @MatthewMclane added at the time: "Really hope #DocMartin can pick itself up - it's deteriorated a little since Aunt Joan and Pauline left." Doc Martin will be coming to an end with the 10th season and Martin Clunes shared the reason why the series is ending. Whilst appearing on Loose Women in 2020, he said: "All good things have to come to an end. “And I’m sure there are lots of people who aren’t fans of the show who think it’s terribly repetitive anyway. “But we’re at huge pains not to repeat ourselves. I just think we’ve sort of done everything. “I mean, it would be so great to just sort of carry on, but I don’t think we can keep it as good.” It is hoped Doc Martin will return to ITV this autumn with a Christmas special in December. Fans will have to wait and see which characters make a comeback for the final episodes.  Doc Martin airs on Tuesdays on ITV at 9pm.