Some five million people in the UK are juggling caring responsibilities with work which often means they can’t work as many hours. Carers won’t receive the £650 cost of living support from the Government unless they also claim means tested benefits such as Universal Credit. However, there are at least 10 ways carers can make big savings. No one can escape the cost of living crisis but those on the lowest incomes are undoubtedly the worst hit. While carers save the UK more than £530million every day according to Carers UK, half a million of them aren’t claiming Carer’s Allowance from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). It could be worth an extra £278 a month and act as a gateway benefit to further financial help. Additional discounts are also available to carers which could help people save more than £2,000 over the course of a year. READ MORE: Retirement: Will the state pension be enough to retire comfortably? Who can claim Carer’s Allowance? DON'T MISSSmart meters: ‘Basic’ ways you can save £40 a month on energy bills [INSIGHT]State pension set to rise by THREE times inflation in 2023 [UPDATE]TV licence: Simple steps to get your refund worth £159 [ALERT]Act now to beat savings account tax raid by HMRC [WARNING] Carer’s may also get Universal Credit payments and help with housing payments, council tax bills and money off their water bill. On top of this they are also entitled to many discounts that are usually available to NHS workers. Website Discountforcarers.com offers carers money off car insurance, mobile phones, days out and travel. Meanwhile, a nurse from Bristol told Express.co.uk how carers are struggling to survive on the minimum wage amid the cost of living crisis. READ MORE: Thousands of pensioners could be owed £3,300 from HMRC The 53-year-old nurse said she has never witnessed such poverty in her 30 years as a nurse. Ann Humphries said: “I'm a nurse so we deal with a lot of carers and the amount of money they get paid per hour is absolutely ridiculous for the job they do - you get more doing a paper round I think. “Wages need to be increased in line with inflation which is absolutely astronomical.” Aaron, a carer, said: “I have cut out completely any treats this month to make sure I can pay bills at the end of the month… I am afraid to spend on anything which is not essential.”  Carers may qualify for these additional benefits and freebies: 