With summer in full swing, there is no better time to enjoy your garden than August. However, one expert is urging Britons not to make the key "mistake of neglecting your lawn this August". Carlos Real, lawn care expert and managing director of Total Lawn said: "August is the prime time for enjoying our lawns, late into the evening, but it also provides the perfect opportunity to get ahead with our lawn care regime. "This month should be spent focusing on keeping the lawn looking and feeling healthy, but preparing for the autumn months." Mow as it grows This task is as simple as it sounds, just mow your lawn as soon as you notice is growing. Mr Real explained: "In the summer if you’re watering your lawn you’ll find that your grass is growing quickly. "While this is a good thing, you’ll need to monitor its growth so as not to leave it too long. "Mowing your lawn regularly serves a much bigger purpose when it comes to lawn care: if you leave your grass too long then the root system will have to work harder and if it needs to work harder, it means the grass plant needs more nutrients and water than if it was shorter.” READ MORE: ‘It will disappear’ Free hack to remove yellow stains from white items Carlos Real, lawn care expert and managing director of Total Lawn said: "August is the prime time for enjoying our lawns, late into the evening, but it also provides the perfect opportunity to get ahead with our lawn care regime. "This month should be spent focusing on keeping the lawn looking and feeling healthy, but preparing for the autumn months." Four lawn care jobs you should do in August Mow as it grows This task is as simple as it sounds, just mow your lawn as soon as you notice is growing. Mr Real explained: "In the summer if you’re watering your lawn you’ll find that your grass is growing quickly. "While this is a good thing, you’ll need to monitor its growth so as not to leave it too long. "Mowing your lawn regularly serves a much bigger purpose when it comes to lawn care: if you leave your grass too long then the root system will have to work harder and if it needs to work harder, it means the grass plant needs more nutrients and water than if it was shorter.” Keep an eye on the weeds Weeds can spring up at all times of the year, but given the summer weather, they can be a particular nuisance in August. Mr Real said: "It can be easy to get lazy with our lawns in August. "But, if we enjoy our lawns too much and ignore what’s growing on them, it’ll land you with bigger problems in autumn, especially when it comes to weeds. "Don’t take your eye off the ball, the best preventative method for weeds is to keep your lawn well maintained. "Mow regularly, feed and water regularly." According to the lawn care expert, the best way to combat weeds is to "pull them out as soon as you spot them". He added: "As you continue maintaining your lawn, your grass plants will strengthen, giving it the ability to fend off the majority of weeds by itself - giving you a much easier time." DON'T MISSLavender: ‘Right time’ to prune popular plant [INSIGHT]Gardening 'Easiest way to spruce up' your garden on a budget [INTERVIEW]How to prune wisteria in August for ‘good flowering’ [EXPLAINER] "Don’t take your eye off the ball, the best preventative method for weeds is to keep your lawn well maintained. "Mow regularly, feed and water regularly." According to the lawn care expert, the best way to combat weeds is to "pull them out as soon as you spot them". He added: "As you continue maintaining your lawn, your grass plants will strengthen, giving it the ability to fend off the majority of weeds by itself - giving you a much easier time." Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Save it with the seaweed One little-known tip Mr Real revealed is the importance of seaweed for your grass during the summer. He explained: "As with the rest of summer, in August you should be feeding your lawn with a fertiliser that contains a high level of seaweed, as it helps with turf hardiness and protects it from increased foot traffic - ideal for active family lawns. "In return your grass will grow quicker and stronger, ensuring it is protected at all costs. “A high nitrogen feed also helps with grass blade growth and colour so you’ll have a luscious looking lawn in no time ready to show off to your family and friends this August.” Don't forget the essentials Although we might be basking in the golden rays of sunshine that August has to offer, your grass might start to feel a little dry during this time. This is why is it absolutely "essential" to keep up a regular watering routine. Mr Real said: "Ideally, you should be heavily watering it every three to five days as required. "In the summer, a lawn can drink several litres of water per day, so don’t worry about over-watering, it’s virtually impossible. "Think of it as soaking the soil, rather than just getting the grass plant wet." The lawn care expert recommends watering first thing in the morning where possible. He added: "This avoids the main heat of the day and ensures the water doesn’t just evaporate before sinking into the soil.”