The Duke and Duchess of Sussex will travel to New York City for their first public appearance since Queen Elizabeth's Platinum Jubilee celebrations. Meghan Markle and Prince Harry will reportedly be in the Big Apple on July 18 with the royal set to deliver an informal keynote speech at the United Nations, which will also be on Nelson Mandela Day. Taking to Twitter today, Piers Morgan took aim at the couple after the Uncensored host shared an article that read: "Prince Harry will be joined by Meghan Markle as he gives keynote speech at UN General Assembly for Nelson Mandela Day." The 57-year-old joked the pair had finally "found freedom" after they officially stepped down as working royals in 2020. The TalkTV broadcaster penned the message in view of his 7.9 million followers which caused a stir on social media. "[Laughing emojis] Well I guess they all found freedom after years of hellish incarceration. What a joke," Piers wrote. READ MORE: Johnny Depp hits back at Amber Heard's 'desperate' bid for retrial The former Good Morning Britain presenter appeared to reference the book, Finding Freedom: Harry and Meghan and the Making of A Modern Royal Family, written by biographers Omid Scobie and Carolyn Durand, revolving around the married lives of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex. The speech, as part of Nelson Mandela Day, will see the Duke of Sussex speak in front of an informal General Assembly gathering. A UN spokesman told the Daily Mail: "The South African Mission has confirmed the participation of the Duke and the Duchess at Monday's commemoration." According to reports, the President of the General Assembly also said The Nelson Mandela Foundation had "selected the Duke and Duchess to participate". Express.co.uk has contacted representatives at the United Nations for comment. While further details were not provided, it is expected that Harry, 37, will give a speech, which is noted as his most important address since the couple stepped down as senior members of the British royal family in 2020. In 2009, the United Nations announced that July 18 would be named in Mandela’s honor to commemorate the former president of South Africa’s humanitarian efforts. The significant date also marks his birthday. Mandela, who became one of the world’s most beloved statesmen, was released from prison after 27 years in February 1990, amid international pressure. DON'T MISS... Holly Willoughby mercilessly mocked over listing 'moon' as employee[LATEST]Carol Vorderman, 61, wows in figure-hugging leopard print leggings[PICTURES]Hollywood A-lister saw Meghan Markle's royal status coming[ROYALS] Leader of the movement to end South African apartheid, he was jailed in 1962 for his opposition to the racist policies of the government. The activist later served as South Africa's first president from 1994 to 1999. He died in 2013 at the age of 95 and the UN has encouraged its members to observe July 18 in honor of Mandela’s legacy in promoting peace around the world. Prince Harry's mother, Princess Diana, famously met with Mandela in Cape Town in March 1997, just five months before her tragic death. In 2019, Meghan and Harry shared a Nelson Mandela quote on their Instagram page, writing in the caption: "Sharing a powerful quote to start the week." The quote reads: "It is so easy to break and destroy. The heroes are those who make peace and build." While in the Rainbow Nation in 2015, Prince Harry visited Mandela's former prison cell on Robben Island. On their 2019 trip to the country, Prince Harry and Meghan also met with Mandela's granddaughter Zamaswazi Dlamini-Mandela and the late South African leader's cellmate Andrew Mlangeni.