The Tory leadership contest got underway this week, after the first and second rounds of voting took place. Jeremy Hunt, Nadhim Zahawi, and Suella Braverman were eliminated, leaving five hopefuls left in the race to Number 10. Liz Truss, Rishi Sunak, Kemi Badenoch, Tom Tugendhat and Penny Mordaunt are the five Tory MPs who took part in the debate. Mr Sunak and Ms Mordaunt were billed as the favourites in the competition in the days leading up to the debate, but the televised discussion gave each candidate the chance to show their personality and win support. Questions focused on what each candidate would try to achieve if elected, and how they would rebuild trust in British politics. During one moment in the debate, host Krishnan Guru-Murthy asked the audience to raise their hands if they trust politicians, and zero went up. READ MORE: Rishi Sunak speechless as Tugendhat exposes his real views Mr Sunak and Ms Truss used their experience in government to strike authoritative tones, with Mr Sunak in particular making promises to be a serious and reliable prime minister. Ms Truss vowed she would use her record in government to improve the country, but often the tone came across as predictable and too familiar. The other three appeared a lot more relaxed, and this helped them get across their messages more effectively in some stages. During a question over whether Boris Johnson is honest, a number of answers were muttered, but Mr Tugendhat pleased the audience with a blunt: “No.” In fact, he often won applause from the audience with his refreshingly open style, as did Ms Badenoch and Ms Mordaunt, who weren't as heavily associated with the Johnson regime. A series of blue-on-blue spats came through, particularly between Ms Badenoch and Ms Mordaunt over gender identity recognition. On the economy and cost of living, Mr Tugendhat again cut a different figure from the rest, remaining his colleagues that he was the only one who did not vote in favour of the National Insurance rise. DON'T MISS:Mordaunt sees huge surge in new leadership poll set to panic rivals [INSIGHT]Brexit Britain's economy shoots UP as Eurozone struggles [ANALYSIS]Anti-Brexit activist Steve Bray in furious clash [REACTION] He also cheekily revealed that when he asked Mr Sunak previously about why the cut came about. The answer he received was “because the boss wanted it”. A snap Opinium poll showed viewers felt Mr Tugendhat won the debate by a clear margin, by 36 percent of votes to Mr Sunak in second place with 25 percent. Ms Mordaunt and Ms Badenoch each received 12 percent of the vote from viewers in the poll, and Ms Truss finished last with just six percent saying she won the debate. Mr Sunak will be pleased with the result, which keeps him ahead of Ms Mordaunt who many are predicting will make it to the final two with him. Betfair revealed Mr Tugendhat performed well, with his odds to win the Tory leadership contest improving from 119/1 in the morning, to 50/1 now. Betfair spokesperson Sam Rosbottom said: “According to the real-time odds movements, Rishi Sunak and Tom Tugenhadt performed best tonight, with the former chancellor regaining second place in the Tory leadership betting. “Outsider Tugenhadt still has a mountain to climb, but his odds more than halved from 119/1 to 50/1 while Liz Truss let her position as main challenger slip. “Penny Mourdaunt remains the favourite at 6/5 but having been odds-on to become the Prime Minister through the day, she failed to capitalise on her front-running position, suggesting the race for number ten is still wide open.”