The price of butter has been a firm fixture in the news in recent weeks, after it was reported that the cost of a 750g tub of Lurpak soared to £7.25 in some supermarkets. According to industry experts, prices might not even reach their peak until next year. As Nottinghamshire Live reporter Sanjeeta Bains explained: "The taste of the spreadable mix of butter and rapeseed oil has been a firm favourite in this country for decades but the rise sparked by increased costs faced by dairy farmers and the war in Ukraine will leave many with no option but to look elsewhere." In fact, another reporter, from MyLondon, decided to teach himself how to make his own butter in response to the 'buttery apocalypse' occurring in the UK right now. Rory Bennett shared his attempt, saying it was a fun way to try and tackle the crisis - and surprisingly easy. However, if you prefer a different solution to trying to make your own butter, then youre in luck. In a bid to help shoppers, Sanjeeta decided to blind taste test some of the more purse-friendly alternatives to Lurpak to find out how they compare to the original. Here are her findings: 1) I Can’t Believe It’s Not Butter, 450g, £1.75, Tesco I can’t believe anyone thinks this tastes anything like butter. An artificial tasting margarine. I needed plenty of gulps of tea to get rid of the taste it left in my mouth. Rating: 1/5  2) Daisy, 500g, £1.75, Lidl New from Lidl. Daisy has a rich taste which I quite enjoyed, but I couldn’t quite manage more than a couple of bites – a surprise at this early stage of the taste test. Rating: 3/5  3) Danpak spreadable, 500g, £2.15, Lidl It was creamy and spread very easily. And the buttery smell was fantastic. Dead cert as Lurpak original, I initially thought. Rating: 4/5 4) Nordpak, 500g, £2.15, Aldi Aldi ’s Lurpak version tastes light and creamy, with an instant salt hit coming straight through. I was convinced this was the real thing. Aldi edged Lidl’s version and even the real thing in my book. Rating: 5/5  5) Beautifully Buttery, 500g, 85p, Aldi Spread beautifully on my toast, but the taste was incredibly unpleasant - flavourless and fatty. I could feel my arteries clogging up with one bite. This had me reaching for my mug of tea to wash out the taste. Rating: 0/5  6) Lurpak spreadable, 500g, £4.49 Very smooth, glided easily on toast, a good amount of buttery flavour yet tasted relatively light - a definite savoury quality, but I enjoyed the more strong salty Aldi version. Rating: 4/5 7) Valley, 500g, £1.99, Aldi Nicely creamy, but I would have preferred a bit more saltiness coming through. However still much much preferable to Aldi’s Beautifully Buttery — and worth the extra cost. Rating: 3/5  8) Tesco Salted spreadable, 500g, £2.30, Tesco Very good spreadability. It is blended with butter but tasted too margariney for my liking. Rating: 2/5  9) Tesco Butterpak, 500g, £2.30 Although more expensive than the Lidl and Aldi versions, it tasted the worst to me. It lacked the savoury flavour of the others. It is preferable to Tesco margarine — despite costing the same. Rating: 3/5 10. Clover, 500g, £1.65, Lidl This had more margarine rather than butter taste but was nice and did not have the obviously artificial flavour. Well priced. Rating: 3/5  If you’re looking for the closest to Lurpak, then Aldi’s version wins hands down. However, if you are considering switching to affordable margarine, then Clover — 60p cheaper than Aldi’s version — is good value in these tough times. 