 The Met Office has issued an Amber Extreme heat warning for much of England and parts of Wales this week to warn of high temperatures. Motorists have been told to expect “exceptionally high temperatures”, with the southeast likely to see in excess of 35 degrees.  With the summer heat, drivers are being urged to remain safe if they need to travel during the heatwave. Before setting off, drivers are being warned to not turn their air conditioning up as soon as they get into the car. This will simply recirculate the hot air while the air con tries to cool it. The air con will work much better when they're actually driving and the engine is working harder. READ MORE: Little-known button at petrol pump that gets the exact amount of fuel  Instead of turning the air conditioning on when they first get into the vehicle, drivers should lower the windows first and let some of the heat escape. It will have less work to do in order to get the car to the temperature the driver wants. John Wilmot, CEO of LeaseLoco, urged drivers to take his advice to get the most from their air conditioning to battle the heat. He said: “Turning on your A/C can cost you up to 10 percent in extra fuel consumption. DON'T MISS'Don't coast': Drivers warned of common fuel-saving hack [WARNING]Huge bus fare changes to hit England this year [IMPORTANT]Drivers warned of massive £1,000 fine for not drinking enough water [SHOCKING]  “So make sure you’re getting the most from it when it’s being used in this exceptionally hot weather.” Drivers can help the air con by turning up the fan to force hot air out of the car. If a driver has rear seat passengers, they should open the rear windows, not the front ones. The fans will force air out of the front of the car, leaving the air in the back hot and stagnant.  By setting the lowest temperature and adjusting the fan, this will ensure the air con works more efficiently and will dry out the air less. If possible, motorists should turn off the recirculation mode while they introduce fresh cold air, as this mode moves the existing hot air around the car. Everyone in the front of the car might be cool but the air in the back of the car can get stale and hot. Another tip for drivers in the heatwave is to point the jets upwards.  The cold air will spread around the car faster and more evenly if they point the jets at the roof - and it will cool the car more effectively. With a car full of passengers this will ensure everyone is nice and cool - and not just the driver and front passenger. Mr Wilmot added: “If your A/C is not keeping the car cool then it could be low on coolant, or has some other underlying problem. It’s best to take it into a garage to have it looked at. “The last thing you want is to not have A/C when you have a long drive ahead of you this summer. “If your A/C has a climate control function, simply hit the button and let it get on with what it’s designed for, which is regulating the fans and temperature settings to make sure your car is at the optimal temperature.”