Virgin River star celebrated with fans as the show hit charts across the pond. Sitting at number one in both the UK and US, the Netflix drama can also add Italy to its list of adoring supporters. The return of Virgin River was highly anticipated by its loyal fan group and just days after the show hit Netflix, it has some new additions to celebrate. Sitting comfortably in the UK and US number one spot, the show has crossed over into non-English speaking countries and landed on its feet in Italy. Announcing the show going global, the star shared a screen grab to her Instagram story placing Virgin River in the number one spot for most watched Netflix show in the home of pasta. The latest instalment answers fans' long awaited questions as to the father of Mel's unborn child. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan 'not showing love' claims royal author Levin The production of the much loved romantic drama hasn't had an easy ride to win the top spot. Due to the spread of Omicron, it faced a shut down that impacted the filming schedule for season five. Cast and crew have since returned to set in Vancouver, plotting the character's next turmoil and playing out their loose ends left by the end of the current run. Not letting anyone down, season four picked up where three left off with Mel and Jack at the fertility clinic discussing her pregnancy news, Hope and Doc finally reunited and Lizzie still unhappy with Ricky. Offering clues before it started, Netflix's blurb revealed choice details on the new plot that won over multiple nations. It read: "For years, [Mel] yearned to be a mother and her dream is one step closer to reality. "While Jack is supportive and excited, the question of paternity continues to gnaw at him. "Complicating matters is the arrival of a handsome new doctor, who's in the market to start a family of his own. DON'T MISS...Virgin River fans ‘disappointed’ over Charmaine baby twist [UPDATE]Virgin River season 4 theory: Mel arrested over tragic baby decision [THEORY]Virgin River season 4 theory: Mel romance with newcomer sealed [THEORY] "Hope is still healing from her car accident, and the lingering psychological effects of her brain injury will have profound consequences for both her and Doc." Finally, this season addresses the big elephant in the room and acknowledges Jack as the father to Mel's baby. Adding further joy to the celebrations for the couple that will also get engaged, it is also revealed Mel will have a little girl. Another paternity plotline was followed in this season too, this time relating to Jack's ex. Charmaine plays a big role in the season finale and ends up being the reason for the epic cliffhanger. Calling Jack to help her with a medical emergency, she comes clean about the true father to her twins. Viewers are not told the name of the new man but they are let in on the fact that it is not Jack, leaving the bar owner in the clear to enjoy his life with Mel. Watch season four of Virgin River on Netflix now.