Sevilla director Monchi has revealed Chelsea were the architects of their own downfall after 'hesitating' to conclude the signing of Jules Kounde despite agreeing a £55million deal with the Andalusian club. The Spanish chief has confirmed that Sevilla reached an agreement with the Blues over the sale of the France international centre-back before Chelsea put the brakes on the move. Barcelona soon snuck through the back door after Mateu Alemany highlighted that the Catalan giants were ready to hijack the transfer - ruthlessly punishing Chelsea's indecisiveness. "Last Thursday we had an agreement with Chelsea and the player. When everything was closed and there was a good offer, everything stopped. And that's where Barca appeared," Monchi said. "The first time he contacted was last Monday, with Mateu Alemany. Barca made an effort and closed itself. Kounde was agreed to sell to Chelsea, there was an agreement with the player. "Chelsea hesitated and said they wanted to wait. That wait was delayed and Barca appeared. It's true that Chelsea then wanted to come back, but Barca's offer, in the end, was better." READ MORE: Man Utd target Frenkie de Jong 'only wants to join Chelsea' if Barcelona force transfer Thomas Tuchel has now been forced to move onto alternative targets with Leicester's Wesley Fofana, Milan Skriniar of Inter Milan and Bayern Munich defender Benjamin Pavard among the names of interest. It has since been suggested that Tuchel was never firmly set on landing Kounde, despite bidding £42.5m for the defender last August. The German is now playing an integral, hands-on role with recruitment and signings will only happen upon his approval. For whatever reason, Chelsea were seemingly in doubt as to whether Kounde was the right man to elevate Tuchel's defence to the next level under Thiago Silva and Kalidou Koulibaly - despite eventually attempting to press ahead with the move. READ MOREChelsea can strike even better deal after £55m Jules Kounde transfer frustrationJules Kounde posts mysterious message as Chelsea fight off Barcelona for £55m transferChelsea can capitalise on cut-price transfer if Leicester block Wesley Fofana deal By then, it was seemingly too late as Barcelona pounced to wrap up the signing of 23-year-old Kounde, subject to a medical. Chelsea have made hard work of replacing Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen to date, although Senegal international Koulibaly is considered to be a statement arrival. Talks were held with Juventus over a deal for Matthijs de Ligt but the Dutchman has since completed a move to Bayern Munich. Nathan Ake is another player who remains strongly appreciated by Tuchel but Manchester City are now unwilling to sell the Dutchman this summer. The Blues are reportedly exploring whether a deal for the former Bournemouth man is viable, a question that has been asked to the relevant intermediaries. Presnel Kimpembe was also briefly considered by the PSG man has opted to remain in the French capital, snubbing a potential reunion with former manager Tuchel. Another option for Chelsea is Inter's Denzel Dumfries, whose potential arrival could see Reece James shift across to right centre-back.