Arsenal have already been forced to make changes to their plans this transfer window after a new FIFA rule that came into place at the start of the month. The Gunners were due to send a player out on loan but had their plans scuppered when they were made to consider a new framework implemented by the governing body for the coming season. Mikel Arteta’s side were set to send young defender Auston Trusty on loan to Cardiff City next season, according to WalesOnline, but after it was revealed that the Championship club would count as a foreign loan, Arsenal made the decision to send the 23-year-old to Birmingham City instead which counts as a domestic loan. FIFA introduced new rules that went into effect on July 1 that state that a club can only loan a maximum of eight players aged 21 or over to different associations at any one time and the same applies to the number which can be loaned in. The legislation lasts for one year, in the 2023/24 season the number of foreign loans drops to seven and from July 1, 2024, that number falls again to six. As Cardiff and Swansea City are Welsh clubs and come under the Football Association Wales jurisdiction, despite playing in the Championship, they are handed a disadvantage as the report claims that Arsenal were open to sending Trusty to Cardiff but the logical option was not to use a foreign loan on that spot, and sent him to Birmingham instead. Two other loan targets have reportedly failed for Cardiff due to the ruling. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd agree fee, Chelsea eyeing two deals, Ronaldo offer Last season Swansea had loan players arrive from Liverpool, Manchester United and Manchester City in Rhys Williams, Ethan Laird and Finley Burns respectively while Pep Guardiola sent Tommy Doyle to Cardiff. The Welsh clubs have provided successful loans for Premier League sides in recent years, with Marc Guehi, Conor Gallagher and Rhian Brewster all enjoying their time in South Wales before either being sold for profit by their parent clubs or going on to compete for a first-team place. DON'T MISSChelsea transfer collapse 'pleases' Nathan Ake as Man City deal off for two reasonsBarcelona dressing room reaction after Frenkie de Jong ‘tells them he’ll reject Man Utd’Arsenal set to sign Man City star Oleksandr Zinchenko 'in days' as fee details emerge Trusty, who Arsenal signed from Colorado Rapids in January, expressed his delight at sealing a loan to Birmingham. "It feels great,” the American said. “I am honoured, I am blessed, I am excited for the new chapter and the new challenges. I am just really really happy to be here.” Players aged 21 and under and club-trained players are exempt from the new limitations that FIFA claim are designed to “develop young players, promote competitive balance and prevent hoarding”. At domestic level, FIFA’s member associations will be granted a period of three years to implement rules for a loan system that is in line with the principles established at international level.