Sky is giving anyone thinking of picking up a Sky Glass TV set a great incentive. For a limited time only Sky is throwing in three months' worth of access to Netflix and its Entertainment package entirely for free when customers sign up to get Sky Glass. If this deal is of interest you need to act quickly though as the offer runs out in a few days' time, with the Sky Glass promotion ending on Thursday, August 4. For those not in the know, Sky Glass is a revolutionary 4K TV from Sky which offers a whole new way to access the broadcaster's services. Previously, if you wanted to enjoy the award-winning Sky Q experience you'd need to book an engineer appointment to have a satellite dish fitted to your home. Sky Glass does away with the satellite dish entirely, with the whole experience delivered over a broadband connection and offering a simple plug-and-play set-up. The 4K TV - which is the world's first carbon neutral telly - offers a Sky Q-like experience that is entirely built-in. You'll be able to access all the Sky channels you know and love, plus pause and rewind live TV. Although there's no in-built hard drive, you can add and watch favourite content via the Playlist section as well as access apps like Netflix, Prime Video and Apple TV+ via your Sky Glass set. The Sky Glass telly is available in three sizes - 43inch, 55inch and 65inch - as well as five different colour schemes - anthracite black, ocean blue, racing green, ceramic white and dusty pink. Want to know more? You can read our full Sky Glass review here. Sky Glass is available for as little as £13 a month, while the Netflix and Entertainment plan will give you plenty of content to watch. This Sky Glass deal will offer three months free access to channels such as Sky Max, Sky Sci-Fi and Sky Atlantic - with the latter the only place to watch the upcoming Game of Thrones prequel The House of Dragon. While the bundled Netflix subscription will let you tune into hit shows such as Stranger Things season 4, Squid Game and much, much more. Just bear in mind the free Netflix plan included with this deal is the basic plan which doesn't offer HD streaming.