Barcelona star Frenkie de Jong is currently blocking a move to Manchester United, according to reports. The Red Devils have come to a total agreement with their Catalan counterparts as they look to land the 25-year-old. However, it appears this saga still has legs to run. Manchester United have spent the majority of the summer chasing a deal for De Jong, who is Erik ten Hag’s main goal for the transfer window. Yet while they’ve finally agreed a fee with Barcelona, Sport say the 25-year-old is now blocking a move to Old Trafford. Barcelona are primed to sell De Jong for a fee close to £72million, making the Netherlands international one of the costliest signings in United’s history. Yet the midfielder is embroiled in a row over his wages with his current employers. Earlier this week, Barcelona got tough with De Jong and told him he’d need to take a pay cut or leave the club in order to help their financial situation. Man Utd transfers: The mouthwatering XI to tackle Brighton with 5 new signings This, despite the fact they’d previously asked De Jong to defer some of his wages - which is worth around £14.3m. And with the midfielder wanting this matter resolved, it’s consequently delaying his inevitable move to United. The Red Devils, for their part, are confident they’ll swiftly agree personal terms with the 25-year-old. And De Jong could become United’s second signing of the summer, with Tyrell Malacia their only new recruit so far. The left-back had previously been expected to leave Feyenoord for Lyon after shining for the Dutch side last term. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Man Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leave Man Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong But with Ten Hag a huge admirer, United swooped in to secure the player’s signature and bring him to Old Trafford instead. United are working on a deal for Lisandro Martinez, amid suggestions they’ve finally agreed a fee with Ajax for the Argentina international. They’d love to land his team-mate, Antony, as well yet the Eredivisie champions are determined to avoid losing both players this summer. And United are also hoping to land Christian Eriksen, who is a free agent following the end of his short-term Brentford contract. Speaking recently, meanwhile , Luke Chadwick opened up on De Jong and said: “Signings need to be made, so it’s positive to hear that the money is there to do that, and that it will be about who the manager wants, rather than how much a player costs. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. “I think United fans will be relieved to hear that. “I can’t see Barcelona shifting their asking price for De Jong. United have been guilty in the past of taking too long and not getting their number one targets, so if De Jong is at the top of Ten Hag’s list, which you’d imagine he is because of their past together, you’d hope United will just meet the asking price. “They surely have to be ready to pay – he’s done well at Barcelona, he’s not close to the end of his contract. “Money shouldn’t be an issue, as Richard Arnold said in the video, so they need to pay what it takes because he’s a player they need. “Even if it comes to €80-85million, that’s where the market is now. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “Ten Hag needs to be able to get the players he wants. "€85m is a large price, but at the same time it wasn’t so long ago that he was seen as one of the hottest prospects in European football. I think that’s the kind of market for players of that calibre now. “De Jong is someone you can build around for a long time and it feels like he’s Ten Hag’s man. “He was brilliant at Ajax and had that team built around him to a certain extent. “I think it would put a marker down for United and show that they mean business.”