Samsung has slashed prices on dozens of its most popular devices exclusively on Amazon UK. If you've been patiently waiting for prices to drop on Galaxy smartphones, Galaxy Buds Pro, or Galaxy Tab tablets – this latest sales event is the perfect time to add a new Samsung device to your Amazon basket. The bargains will be refreshed every day during the week-long sale, so we'd recommend adding anything that catches your eye to your basket immediately. Or you could miss out. Samsung has slashed up to 43% off its best-selling gadgets – with prices dropping to lows we haven't seen since Black Friday. The Amazon deals aren't older products either, many of the smartphone models included in the sale were released in the UK less than a year ago. One of the highlights in the Amazon sale include the Samsung Galaxy M22, which launched at the end of last year and has dropped to a record low of £129. For that, you'll get a generous 6.4-inch Super AMOLED display, quadruple rear camera, 128GB internal storage for your apps and photos, and a mammoth 5,000mAh battery. Usually priced at £199, we've never seen anything as generous as a £70 discount on this Android handset. Samsung Galaxy A33 5G costs just £225 in the Amazon sales event. For that, you'll get a 6.4-inch with 120Hz high refresh-rate for buttery smooth scrolling and fast-paced gaming, a speedy octa-core processor, a quadruple camera with all of the usual tricks (ultra-wide, portrait mode, macro photography) and support for lightning-fast downloads over 5G. The previous record low price for this Android handset on Amazon UK was £269 – so this latest deal represents an extra £44 saving on the best ever price! It's not only Galaxy smartphones included in the Samsung sale, the South Korean firm has also slashed prices on its popular Galaxy Buds. These lightweight wireless earbuds pair with any Android or iOS device for wire-free listening or calls. The Galaxy Buds Pro offer active noise-cancellation – eliminating any background noise during your commute, so you won't be forced to increase the volume to hear. Despite all of this tech packed inside the diddy 'buds, Samsung still offers an 18-hour battery life. Usually priced at £219, Samsung has dropped the Galaxy Buds Pro down to just £149 – with an extra £20 off at checkout for all shoppers! Galaxy Buds2 are also available for just £99 (down from £139). These wireless 'buds also arrive with active noise-cancellation and a 15-hour battery life. Samsung offers these earbuds in a choice of Olive, Lavender, Graphite and White colour options. Paired with a Samsung smartphone or tablet, these 'buds will automatically switch between your devices are you pick them up – saving you from the hassle of hunting around the Bluetooth Settings menu! Alongside epic smartphone and earbud offers, the Amazon and Samsung sale has also slashed the price of the Galaxy Watch 4 which now costs just £279 – saving £80. This smartwatch is capable of tracking your heart-rate 24/7, beams notifications from messaging apps to your wrist – where you can reply with a tap, supports contactless payments via Samsung Pay, and more. Watch 4 also tracks blood pressure, can perform an electrocardiogram (ECG) and monitors your sleep. Samsung has slashed prices across its popular Galaxy Tab range of Android tablets. These devices range from affordable tablets for bingeing boxsets from Netflix on a long journey to full-featured productivity machines capable of replacing a laptop. The latter supports a pressure-sensitive S Pen stylus for handwritten notes and digital artwork. The flagship Galaxy Tab S8+ has dropped to £879 – a saving of £120. This Android tablet boasts an expansive 12.4-inch sAMOLED display, dual front-facing cameras capable of 4K video recording and ultra-wide photos and video calls. Samsung has also fitted its tablet with three microphones to provide crystal-clear audio during calls. The latest generation of S Pen stylus is included in the box, offering ultra low-latency to draw, doodle, annotate and write on the screen. Tab S8+ also supports super-fast downloads via 5G mobile network.