Sir John, a member of the European Research Group (ERG), outlined his position in a series of early morning tweets today in which he cast a critical eye over Mr Sunak’s time as Chancellor, which was abruptly cut short by his resignation last month. Mr Sunak, 42, and Ms Truss, 44, are squaring off for the leadership of the Conservative Party after the resignation of Prime Minister Boris Johnson. Mr Johnson’s decision was itself partly triggered by Mr Sunak’s decision to quit, minutes after Health Secretary Sajid Javid did likewise. Mr Redwood posted: “Good to hear Liz has plans to help get more people into work. They will be better off, and the large benefits bill will come under better control. “We need lower taxes, higher incomes for the many and fewer needing benefits. That's a practical and positive vision.” By contrast, he referenced Mr Sunak’s mini-Budget in March, in which the MP for Richmond increased the amount people can earn before they start paying national insurance, from £9,880 to £12,570. He commented: “Rishi's flip-flops do damage. A National Insurance rise broke a pledge. “Then he cut the rise. He said he needed all the extra revenue for the NHS though he greatly understated other tax receipts. JUST IN: Tory leadership LIVE - Wallace slams Rishi & throws weight behind Truss “He did not explain how the NHS could manage with the cut in the extra NI.” Mr Redwood also questioned Mr Sunak’s judgment in inflation hitting 9.1 percent last month. He asked: “In budget 2021 why did Rishi think inflation would stay at two percent with so much money printing approved? DON'T MISSRishi Sunak pledges to BAN building of new homes on green belt land [INSIGHT]'London doesn’t get treated like that!' Andy Burnham blasts rail plan [ANALYSIS]Rishi Sunak only has 'matter of days' to beat Liz Truss to Number 10 [VIDEO] “Why did he accept OBR forecasts grossly overstating the deficit and understating tax revenues by £77 billion? “Why did he think he was £12 billion short and needing a tax rise?” Speaking at the first official hustings with Tory members in Leeds last night, Mr Sunak said: “We will cut VAT on fuel. “But what I won't do is embark on a spree borrowing tens and tens of billions of pounds of unfunded promises and put them on the country's credit card, and pass them on to our children and our grandchildren to pick up the tab. "That's not right. That's not responsible, and it's certainly not Conservative. But of course, once we grip inflation and ensure that mortgage rates don't rise and cripple people, I'm going to cut taxes." Meanwhile, South West Norfolk MP Ms Truss, who today picked up the endorsement of Defence Secretary Ben Wallace, criticised windfall taxes - something Mr Sunak imposed as a one-off on energy companies when he was Chancellor. She said: "I don't believe in windfall taxes, because they put off future investment. What we should be doing is encouraging Shell and other companies to invest in the United Kingdom, because we need to get our productivity up, we need capital investment. "What I would do is create low tax investment zones, encouraging those companies to invest in our country. Ms Truss added: “I think windfall taxes send the wrong message to the world. They don't send the message that Britain is open for business. “And actually what we need to be doing now is using more of our North Sea reserves to help people with the cost of living, and that's what I would do alongside having a temporary moratorium on the green energy levy to really help people with their bills."