Lalo Salamanca (played by Tony Dalton) finally met his comeuppance in season six’s second-part premiere of Better Call Saul as his feud with Gus Fring (Giancarlo Esposito) came to an action-packed close. Breaking Bad fans knew all along Gus would survive the encounter due to his appearance in the AMC series but nevertheless, Lalo’s demise still managed to shake shockwaves through the fandom. While Lalo may not have appeared in person in Breaking Bad, it’s safe to say plenty were still convinced he’d make it to the end of Better Call Saul alive. After all, when Saul Goodman (Bob Odenkirk) first encountered Jesse Pinkman (Aaron Paul) and Walter White (Bryan Cranston) in Breaking Bad, he implied Lalo may well still be wreaking havoc somewhere. Now, Better Call Saul fans know once and for all Lalo wasn’t alive in Breaking Bad, instead, his body was buried beneath Gus’ meth lab along with that of Howard Hamlin (Patrick Fabian). But a key clue from Lalo’s signature style and attire has left many thinking he did crop up in the original series thanks to a snap in Hector Salamanca’s (Mark Margolis) care home. READ MORE: 'We aren't worthy' Better Call Saul fans in frenzy as icon killed off One fan shared a screenshot from a key scene in Breaking Bad in which Hector is being wheeled into his room. The camera captures a family portrait in Hector’s residence, showing him with the Salamanca cousins (Daniel and Luis Moncada) as children and another young member of the family. After spotting the belt buckle the young family member is wearing, fans are now convinced it’s Lalo as he sported the very same buckle in Better Call Saul. The screengrabs were shared by BCS fan Angel Carballo alongside the tweet: “Lalo did appear in Breaking Bad #BetterCallSaul #BrBa.” And the seeming revelation sparked quite the reaction from the fandom, with @Quiroga15 replying: “What detail!! How many will there be that escape us?” While @fireluc0 agreed: “I can't believe the level of detail in these series… impressive.” Elsewhere, @Ashwathama110 echoed: “That level of micro details makes show successful. “It shows how they believe in their idea and dedication towards that idea.” DON'T MISS:Better Call Saul season 6: Why has cab driver Jeff been recast? Better Call Saul: Bryan Cranston teases Walt and Jesse cameosBetter Call Saul’s Rhea Seehorn tribute to Jonathan Banks And @paulohdlo echoed: “And everyone thinking that that was tuco.” However, some fans did argue that the youngster was in fact a young Tuco Salamanca (Raymond Cruz). Twitter user David Prieto wasn’t convinced, arguing: “Sorry but that's not lalo that's Tuco Salamanca.” But with the belt buckle worn by both Lalo and the young Salamanca in the photo, could it be proof Lalo did appear in some form in Breaking Bad? The family portrait isn’t the only Easter egg Breaking Bad fans have now spotted after Lalo’s death. In the season five premiere after Walt and Jesse killed Gus and blew up the lab, Hank Shrader (Dean Norris) investigates. And in what seemed to be a throwaway comment at the time, Hank pointed out they found two bodies beneath the lab’s floor. However, they were unidentifiable at the time, with fans only now realising they belonged to Howard and Lalo. Better Call Saul season 6 continues Mondays on AMC in the USA and Tuesdays on Netflix UK.