Jane McDonald, 59, has urged fans to pick up tickets for her ongoing UK tour as they are selling fast, she warns. The Channel 5 star went on to thank her fans for their support, saying the first half of her 2022 tour had been “amazing", as she celebrated selling out at some venues. She took to Twitter and posted the message in full view of her 188,200 followers.  Jane wrote: “The first half of my 2022 tour has been AMAZING!  “Thank you for all the wonderful messages letting me know how much you've all enjoyed the show.  “I’ll be back out on tour in a few weeks - find all the tour dates on my website.” READ MORE: Stacey Solomon and Joe Swash have married in 'joyous' ceremony  Jane added: “Tickets are now limited and some venues have already sold out so if you would like to come along book today!"  She attached a link to the ticket sale page and also included images of her live show.  The star will be performing songs from her latest album Let The Light In.  Her fans were super excited about the upcoming shows and rushed to the comments to express their support for the star.  @Cath82_cdc wrote: “Awwwww Jane, it’s been an absolute blast, loved every second. “You are one incredible lady.  “I b****y love you all the world! Enjoy your break and well deserved rest and will see you for part 2 xxxx.”  @Juliesm423 said: “Incredible show. Enjoy your break.  “Can't wait for the rest of the tour. Well done Jane and team x.” READ MORE... Meghan and Harry's appearance 'paint a thousand words' claims host [NEWS] David Warner dead: Titanic and Omen star dies aged 80 [LATEST] Paul O'Grady inundated with support after falling ill [BREAKING] @Alexper090 commented: “Went to see your show at the alex in Birmingham 17th july sold out of course, great atmosphere, a little hot in the alex with no aircon!  “My wife and her friend surprised me and her husband 1hr before and we loved it.keep up the great work.”  @Nickyj1a penned: “Thanks Jane, this show/tour has been amazing!  “You have somehow improved on perfection. The whole show is so polished and slick, yet there's still plenty of room for some great jokes and banter. “You are truly the best entertainer in the business. Enjoy a well earned rest xxx.”  It comes after Jane recently returned from her trip to India in her latest Channel 5 adventure on Cruising With Jane McDonald, which saw her take a cruise on the Ganges Voyager.  Immersing herself in the culture, the Yorkshire local chose to travel in a rickshaw to reach one of her destinations.  Seeing her mode of transport, Jane joked: “I’m so sorry, I should have not had that pudding last night.  “He’s going to have to pedal hard," the former Loose Women star quipped while referencing her driver.