Barcelona midfielder Frenkie de Jong would prefer to seal a move to Bayern Munich instead of Manchester United this summer, according to reports. The Dutchman is believed to be a priority target for the Red Devils, who have been trying to bring him to Old Trafford since the end of last season. United and Barcelona have reportedly settled on a transfer fee of around £65million but De Jong is reluctant to agree personal terms with the 13-time Premier League champions as things stand. It seems as though he would be willing to leave Barcelona for Bayern Munich, though, in order to steer clear of United in spite of former Ajax boss Erik ten Hag's presence in the dugout.De Jong is intrigued by the possibility of joining Bayern Munich and would prefer a move to the German champions if he exits Barcelona over the coming weeks, according to Sport. It is said that he is a big fan of Julian Nagelsmann's style of play, while he would also be happy to move to Germany due to its close proximity to the Netherlands.The midfielder is also a keen follower of the Bundesliga and would reportedly be eager to test himself in the division by signing for Bayern Munich in the not-too-distant future. The promise of Champions League football has also warmed De Jong to the possibility of joining the Bavarian giants instead of United, who only managed to limp to a sixth-placed finish in the Premier League at the end of last season. JUST IN: Chelsea and Broja reach agreement as West Ham-linked striker sent home Meanwhile, the expected arrival of Matthijs de Ligt at Bayern Munich is also believed to have swung proceedings in their favour in terms of a move for De Jong. The two players worked together at Ajax before leaving in the summer of 2019 and have an excellent relationship with each other, which suggests that a reunion could be among the options on the cards in advance of the new campaign.However, it is claimed that the most likely course of action would be for De Jong to remain at Barcelona in spite of the club's desire to move him on and free up some extra space on their wage bill. He has already revealed that he is more than happy at the Nou Camp and would prefer to stay in Spain before the upcoming season finally gets underway at the start of next month. "I will not go into that," De Jong told Algemeen Dagblad when quizzed on the possibility of a move to United last month. "Not even about other names or clubs, I used to be naive and open-minded about it, I don’t do that anymore."I understand that that link is made. That sum is not that difficult, it is logical. I have enjoyed working with Ten Hag at Ajax and I can’t look into the future, of course, but I prefer to stay at Barcelona."That has always been my dream club and it still is. As long as I don’t hear from the club management, I assume nothing is going on." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here