Anthony Joshua has been warned by legendary trainer Teddy Atlas about fellow countryman Joe Joyce. The Brit is in the line to face the winner of Joshua vs Oleksandr Usyk and Atlas believes he will knock out ‘AJ’ if they ever square off. Usyk and Joshua rematch on August 20 at the Jeddah Superdome, Saudi Arabia. In September the Ukrainian comfortably won their first encounter on points as he snatched the WBA (super), IBF, and WBO titles from his foe. Joyce is currently the mandatory challenger for the WBO belt and is awaiting his turn in the sanctioning body rotational system. Providing Tyson Fury doesn’t come out of retirement to face the winner in an undisputed unification bout, Joyce could find himself in the ring with either man early next year. Talking about the possibility during the latest episode of his podcast ‘The Fight’, Atlas criticised the two-time heavyweight champion for ‘accepting losing too freely’ and let it be known that he thought Joyce would stop Joshua. He said: “Joe Joyce could wind up fighting the winner of Usyk and Joshua. I’ll tell you something I think he knocks out Joshua. How does that feel for you Brits? Put that in your pipe and smoke it.” Atlas continued: “I think Usyk’s gonna win [against Joshua]. I can’t go against Usyk, how can I go against the guy, he gives you no reason to. He was an undefeated Cruiserweight champ and unified all the titles, the best Cruiserweight ever besides Holyfield, he’s an Olympic gold medalist. He doesn’t know how to lose.” MORE BOXING NEWS... Garcia receives clear message from Davis after Fortuna stoppage Warren gives worrying two-word response to Paul vs Fury chances Mike Tyson hints at boxing return as 56-year-old spotted sparring “I think that Joshua is too good a loser. He’s a classy guy, I’m not saying I want him to be a sore loser – that says the wrong things. I’m just saying that sometimes it looks like Joshua accepts losing a little too freely, like he did against Ruiz the first time in the Garden, almost like a guy who’s made too much money. Sometimes I just feel that it’s not important enough to him anymore.” Joyce is expected to return to the ring on September 24 against a currently undisclosed opponent. In his last contest, he stopped Romanian gatekeeper, Christian Hammer, after a year out of the ring. ‘The Juggernaut’ is 14-0 as a professional with 13 wins by way of knockout.