Cristiano Ronaldo is reluctant to take a pay cut in order to leave Manchester United, according to reports. The Portugal international is determined to pursue a new challenge as he enters the twilight years of his career. However, there’s still no guarantee that’ll happen. This is now the fourth time Ronaldo has wanted to leave United. The first was back in 2006, after he clashed with Wayne Rooney at the World Cup in German, only for Sir Alex Ferguson to convince him to stay put. Two years later, Ronaldo again sought a move - with the Scot again successfully managing to convince him to change his mind. But they weren’t so lucky in 2009, with the Portugal international getting his dream move to Real Madrid. Now, Ronaldo wants out after questioning the club’s ambition - with Erik ten Hag yet to add any fresh faces to his squad. Yet the Mirror say the 37-year-old is reluctant to take a pay cut in order to seal a move away. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez The veteran currently pockets a huge £500,000-a-week at Old Trafford, making him the best-paid player in the club’s history. He somewhat justified that lucrative salary last term by scoring 24 goals across all competitions, more than any other player. But while Ronaldo is wary of reducing his mammoth wages, that could pose a problem when it comes to getting his way. A move to Chelsea would disrupt the salary hierarchy at Stamford Bridge and, in any case, there’s no indication Thomas Tuchel would want the forward in his squad. Likewise with Bayern Munich, who previously discussed Ronaldo before concluding a deal would be too difficult to broker. United, for their part, are adamant Ronaldo won’t be allowed to leave the club when he’s still got a year left on his contract. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen But, especially with the player missing training today, there’s a genuine risk of the saga rolling on and on as the new seasons creeps closer. United won’t want to lose the goals of Ronaldo, with Ten Hag previously indicating he’d love the veteran to stay. Yet there’s also a sense that some players at Old Trafford would benefit from him jumping ship. Some within the squad reportedly feel they’d be ‘liberated’ if Ronaldo was shown the door, with the team as a whole regressing following his blockbuster return. And what ultimately happens is something only time will tell. Meanwhile, former United star Paul Parker thinks his old side could actually end up benefitting if Ronaldo does leave the club behind. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team Parker told talkSPORT: "He wants to leave, he wants to move on and that old adage has come out again, 'I want Champions League football'. "I think for the sake of Manchester United I don't see it as a bad thing if he wants to go. “But what they've got to do more than anything is they've got to be prepared, they've got to have a centre-forward. "In theory, they've got to start signing players because they're just not bringing anyone in before pre-season and then it might be a last-minute one coming in, which isn't always good. “Then all of a sudden are they then going to go out in January and try and bring two or three players in which generally is not the way that a forward-thinking club goes down. Not the line they go down." Wes Brown, however, recently expressed a belief United would be wise to keep the forward. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “He’s a different breed,” he said. “We need to make signings regardless but keeping Ronaldo will be a big plus, just look at the goals he got us this year. “You can say lots of things good, or bad, but ultimately he will score you goals as well. “Obviously Cavani has gone. Pretty much every position we need to improve on and I’m pretty sure the manager will know that, he’s been told that’s absolutely fine and the funds are there to do that. “Ultimately it’s about whether we can get hold of these players and can we get them at the right price as well.”