Arsenal are prepared to move for Leicester City midfielder Youri Tielemans if they are able to offload their out of favour stars. The club’s senior figures Mikel Arteta and Edu are said to be ‘all in’ on the Belgian international but it remains to be seen whether or not they can finance a move. Tielemans has enjoyed a successful stint at the Foxes since arriving from Monaco in 2019. He has made 158 appearances scoring 24 goals including the winner in the club’s 2021 FA Cup final win over Chelsea. The Midland side are also aware that the player would like to leave during the window. As a result, the club are said to be prepared to let the 25-year-old move on should a bid of over £25million come in for his services. Arsenal are one of the clubs to have been credited with an interest in the player - but may struggle to fund a bid for the player given their summer business so far. The Gunners have already spent upwards of £100m to bring Gabriel Jesus, Fabio Vieira and Oleksandr Zinchenko to the club. Talks are said to have taken place between the club and Tielemans’ representatives but no formal bid has been placed for the player. The Athletic’s David Ornstein reports that Arsenal’s hierarchy remains ‘all in’ on the Leicester star but also confirms there will ‘need to be a departure first’ for the club to move. JUST IN: Jules Kounde's next club 'confirmed' as Barcelona chief addresses Chelsea transfer hijack Mikel Arteta has confirmed that the club are actively seeking to move players on from the Emirates due to the size of the squad. "We have a large squad,” the 40-year-old told reporters after his side’s 3-1 win over Orlando City. “We have to make some decisions as well on the players that we're not going to be using consistently and be fair and straight with them and that's a process that is going to start very soon as well. “We have to offload. We have a big squad and now we have to make things happen." The north London club may be helped by the acceptance at the King Power Stadium that Tielemans would like to leave. Leicester manager Brendan Rodgers has openly spoken about the decision the Belgian faces. “He’s an amazing guy to work with,” the 49-year-old said. “He’s happy in his work and he’s happy at the club. But naturally with a year in his contract he may feel he has to look at everything for him and his family. "But I certainly know he’s committed here while he is here. I’ll have a good chat with Youri to get privately what he’s thinking. But it won’t change, whether he’s leaving or staying for another five years, he’ll still be super committed.” Arsenal will kick off their Premier League season against Crystal Palace on 5th August and the Emirates faithful will hope that Tielemans can be part of the squad by then.