Lewis Hamilton has spoken out against the thousands of British F1 fans who booed Max Verstappen at Silverstone on Thursday and Saturday. The Dutchman struggled through his post-qualifying interview as disgruntled Hamilton fans attempted to drown out his comments, following a tense and controversial battle for the world title in 2021. Hamilton lost out on an eighth world title in Abu Dhabi last year, with Verstappen coming out on top on the final lap of the season's final race. And many felt as though the Red Bull star won in controversial circumstances, with axed FIA race director Michael Masi playing a huge part in the last-gasp shootout. Thousands of British fans made their grievances known this week, booing Verstappen on Thursday and after qualifying on Saturday. Despite the strong show of support for Hamilton, the Mercedes star insisted that they should show respect to his former foe. "I think we're better than that," he claimed. "They shouldn't do that. Of course fans feel emotions and some may still feel the pain from last year. But I don't agree." DON'T MISS: Toto Wolff declares 'really enjoy the controversy' and sheds light on Ferrari row    Wimbledon LIVE: Nick Kyrgios in blockbuster tie with Stefanos Tsitsipas after huge fine Earlier in the week, Red Bull boss Christian Horner claimed that Verstappen 'accepted' the fact that Hamilton is the undisputed favourite in Britain, but the Dutchman clarified on Saturday that he is 'disappointed' with the reaction. "If they want to do that, then they will," he added. "I love being here. A great track and generally a nice atmosphere. Maybe some people don't like me, but I don't care." That fact Verstappen was fresh from securing a front-row start for Sunday's Grand Prix certainly won't have hurt his morale, even if he had to concede pole position to Carlos Sainz.  The front-running duo will be trailed by Charles Leclerc and Sergio Perez, who make up the second row. Meanwhile, Hamilton and George Russell were left disappointed at their inability to capitalise on the adverse weather conditions as they picked up fifth and eighth respectively. Mercedes mechanics had expressed optimism that Silverstone would suit their W13 more than other circuits, giving them a reasonable chance of achieving a first victory of the season if things fall their way. The Silver Arrows may have to rely on a healthy slice of luck for that to happen on Sunday, however, with Red Bull and Ferrari still setting the pace for others to follow.  "I don’t know where the buzz was coming from," questioned Hamilton after qualifying. "We brought some parts to the car but it wasn’t necessarily a big big upgrade. But it was definitely an improvement for us, we seemed to have closed up a little bit. I think in the dry we wouldn't have been able to compete for a top three or anything like that but in the rain I think we had a chance today. "In the rain, in the high-speed corners, there’s less bouncing. In the dry you carry a lot more speed and you have more bouncing. The bouncing is making it pretty bad for us. I’m a little bit gutted really because obviously we have such a great crowd here and I was pushing so hard to get on the front row and fight for pole position today, and I think we could have been in the top three. I was gunning for second at least and so to end fifth, it makes tomorrow tough but I know I’ve got this amazing crowd with me so I’ll try to push forward."