She ends it as a much-needed new star in the Tory firmament after capturing the imagination of core voters and floating voters alike. In the end Conservative MPs were not in the mood to gamble on the possibility of her transforming their prospects – a decision that could well come back to haunt them should whichever more experienced contender they install as the new prime minister turn out to be a dud. But the fact that this former mid-ranking minister ran a pop-up campaign that obliterated a host of current and former Cabinet ministers – including Grant Shapps, Nadhim Zahawi, Sajid Javid and Jeremy Hunt to name just a few – and took her so deep into the leadership contest has turned her into one of the most important Conservative politicians around. In an environment as hidebound by conventional notions of hierarchy as is Westminster, even standing to be the next PM marked Badenoch out as someone with remarkable guts and gumption. The 42-year-old mother of three is surely now guaranteed a plum Cabinet post in September, when the new PM takes office, as well as a rock star reception when she speaks at the Conservative conference in early October. Some Badenoch supporters were suspicious of the movement of votes in yesterday’s fourth MPs’ ballot. Liz Truss saw her votes shoot up by 15, while Rishi Sunak only added three, despite all of Tom Tugendhat’s votes being up for grabs. Could Sunak have “loaned” Truss votes in order to ensure Badenoch was eliminated after seeing yet another poll of the grassroots showing she would be unbeatable in the final two? That’s a definite possibility but very difficult to prove and not really worth dwelling upon. What is done is done. As someone who spent most of her childhood in Nigeria, Mrs Badenoch’s appreciation of Britain clearly springs from a wider perspective than that held by most politicians. In her campaign she had the confidence to take on “Woke” myths about our country, especially the Left’s lie about it being a hotbed of racism. Labour was out of date on race, declared Badenoch, and she had the facts and figures to back that up. She also declared that trying to solve the housing crisis without reducing immigration was like running up a down escalator – another obvious truth that most Westminster politicians choose to ignore. She even raised an argument for supporting the institution of the family as the best insurance policy against soaring welfare costs – a perspective no senior Tory has dared promote for many years.  As an engineering graduate, Badenoch also shone when talking about the need for a more practical approach to problem-solving and less windy rhetoric in Whitehall. Her decision to base her campaign around telling difficult truths proved a huge hit with voters up and down the country and especially with grassroots Conservative Party members, who ranked her as their number one choice in two surveys by different polling organisations. Perhaps the abiding memory of her in this campaign will be of her skewering some of her supposedly more illustrious rivals – Penny Mordaunt on the vexed question of gender self-ID, Rishi Sunak on Covid loan fraud. A conviction politician with an iron will who won’t just capitulate to the leftish consensus that dominates Whitehall circles – Kemi Badenoch is every bit as much an outsider as Margaret Thatcher was when she first came to prominence. Her political career has taken off over these last ten days or so, leaving more established colleagues who underestimated her gawping in surprise. Make no mistake: It has much, much further yet to run. 