A row between union bosses and train operators has been going on for months, with the RMT union claiming workers are not being offered fair pay or conditions. Members of the union, who include a range of railway workers such as signallers and staff at stations, voted in favour of strike action in May. In June, train services around the UK were hit with disruption, when a three-day strike took place and 40,000 workers walked out. Widespread delays and cancellations hit train routes, with the public forced to travel on reduced services. Events such as Glastonbury and Armed Forces Day were impacted by the industrial action, but union bosses warned it would not be the last strike if a fair offer was not put forward. Details of the latest strike were shared today by RMT on July 13, after it slammed Network Rail for suggesting a "paltry" offer to workers. READ MORE: New rail pay offer 'amounts to a cut', says union Railway workers will walk out again on Wednesday July 27 for 24 hours. RMT General Secretary Mick Lynch said: "The offer from Network Rail represents a real terms pay cut for our members and the paltry sum is conditional on RMT members agreeing to drastic changes in their working lives. "We have made progress on compulsory redundancies. But Network Rail are still seeking to make our members poorer when we have won in some cases double what they are offering, with other rail operators.” The offer put forward by Network Rail was a two-year pay deal which would see a four percent increase in the first year, followed by a two percent increase in the second year. If modernisation reform milestones are met, the two percent increase in the second year could rise to four percent. However, Network Rail has defended its offer, and described its frustration with union bosses. Andrew Haines, Network Rail chief executive, said: “It is incredibly frustrating the RMT has again chosen to disrupt our passengers, and even more so that they haven’t even put what was a fair and affordable two-year pay offer to their members. “ DON'T MISS:Teacher sobs as she's cleared of sex crimes against 'obsessed' pupil [REACTION]Hosepipe BAN warning: UK braced for new rules to tackle water shortage [INSIGHT]Five teenagers rushed to hospital after horror late-night crash [REPORT] He added: “We have been clear that we can only fund an increase from our own budgets, and the only way we can afford that is by modernising working practices. “The RMT’s rejection of our latest offer can only mean they want a pay increase to be funded either by more taxpayer support or higher passenger fares, neither of which we think are fair.” The strike will cause disruption to people travelling to the Commonwealth Games in Birmingham on July 28.