As BA.4 and BA.5 appear to be able to reinfect even those who’ve recently had Covid, some hospitals in the UK started making masks mandatory again. And they might be onto something. Eric Kennedy explained that his N95 face covering managed to keep him safe through weeks of travelling and attending conferences. Mr Kennedy shared on Twitter: “I know it feels impossible to avoid Covid these days, but I just travelled for four weeks, took 10 flights, gave four in-person presentations, and attended three conferences without catching Covid.” What’s more, the Assistant Professor of Emergency Management shared that “you can too”. If you’re looking for a way to protect yourself from the current rising cases, Mr Kennedy recommended an N95 mask. An N95 mask describes a special type of face covering, also known as a respirator. READ MORE: Cancer warning: Popular UK drink can cause 'several types' of cancer - 'strong agreement' This type is believed to offer the highest level of protection. Mr Kennedy penned: “Because Covid is airborne, two rules formed the backbone of my protection:(1) Wear a well-fit N95, (2) Don't not wear a well-fit N95. “#1 is relatively easy. #2 can be hard. “A high-quality mask is your best defence against not just [again] Covid, but also other airborne infections.” Furthermore, research looking into coronavirus and masks does support this technique that managed to keep Kennedy Covid free. Evidence has shown that masks are able to filter out respiratory droplets and particles, protecting the wearer and others. This is meaningful as Covid is an airborne virus that spreads through droplets and particles released into the air when coughing, sneezing or speaking. However, the research also stresses that not all masks offer the same level of protection. Experts recommend certified masks, such as FFP2 or N95 masks as they are able to filter out between 94 to 98 percent of aerosols, including airborne viruses like coronavirus. READ MORE: David Harbour: Stranger Things actor on being sent to an ‘institution’ for mental health  Mr Kennedy also explained that it’s not just the highly-effective mask that’s important but also the way you wear it. He said: “Every time I put it on, I spend a minute bending the nose piece to make sure it doesn't leave any gaps around my nose/eyes. “I shave my face daily to ensure it gets a good seal. And, I run my fingers around the edge of the mask to make sure it's pulled snug to my face.” As masks are no longer required by the law, he has to decide when he needs it. See the latest Covid vaccine stats below and visit InYourArea for all the Covid vaccine latest He shared what helps him decide. Mr Kennedy said: “The easiest thing for me to do is think of Covid like cigarette smoke. “I ask myself, ‘If someone was smoking/had smoked here, might I smell it?’ If the answer is yes, I put on my mask. “Alone outside? Probably wouldn't smell a cigarette. But, a crowded patio? Absolutely.” So throughout the travelling, conferences and even presentations, he was wearing his mask. He explained that the rule#2 ‘Don't not wear a well-fit N95’ is harder and more tempting to break but breaking it means the virus can strike. “Covid is highly transmissible, but it's not magic,” he added.