Chelsea could thwart Arsenal and Manchester United's interest in signing Bayern Munich winger Serge Gnabry this summer after missing out on Raphinha. The Leeds United star has chosen Barcelona as his preferred destination, but Thomas Tuchel wants two attacking additions. According to The Telegraph, Chelsea are interested in recruiting Gnabry after he entered the final 12 months of his Bayern contract. The Blues are expected to focus on defensive reinforcements after Raheem Sterling completes his £50million move from Manchester City but plan to bring in another attacking name. Tuchel had identified Raphinha as a priority target alongside Sterling, and Chelsea agreed a £55m deal with Leeds. However, the Brazilian winger has snubbed a Stamford Bridge switch to hold out for a dream move to Barcelona, who have submitted an improved offer for his services. The report states Chelsea are also willing to let Hakim Ziyech join Romelu Lukaku out the exit door this summer, with AC Milan hoping to shake hands on a season-long loan with the obligation to buy. The Moroccan recently split from his long-term agent and wants to leave west London for Italy with the help of Roc Nation Sports, who played a part in Lukaku's return to Inter Milan. JUST IN: Ozil eyes next club as 'Fenerbahce contract terminated'  Chelsea's emergence in the race for Gnabry's signature is likely to threaten Arsenal and United's hopes of a summer deal. Arsenal are keen to bring the 26-year-old back to the Emirates Stadium after also missing out on Raphinha. The Red Devils desperately need a boost in attacking depth after Edinson Cavani, Jesse Lingard and Juan Mata's July 1 exits. Due to his contract situation, Bayern will reportedly demand £40m for his signature and are open to offloading him to avoid the risk of a free transfer next year. Gnabry's stocks have rocketed since moving to Germany, and he is entering the prime years of his career, so his availability presents a glorious opportunity for interested parties to react. READ MORE: Man Utd have free agent Dybala 'on shortlist' of Ronaldo replacements  New Chelsea owner Todd Boehly is keen to back Tuchel in his first transfer window since buying the club from Roman Abramovich. The American wants to provide as many as six new signings ahead of the 2022/23 season, including two centre-backs. Chelsea need to re-stock their defensive department after Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen left as free agents earlier this summer. But while they focus on that after Sterling's arrival, work could be underway in the background to lure Gnabry into a return to London.