Economic activity among over-50s is at its highest since Covid struck. Analysis appears to show the first signs of a return to more over-50s being in work with an extra 116,000 in or looking for jobs in the past year. More than half were men over 65. Stuart Lewis, chief executive of the over-50s digital community Rest Less, said older staff had been quitting “in their droves” over the last two years: “Partly due to many re-evaluating what they want from their lives and careers during the course of the pandemic but also due to the devastating impact the pandemic had. “The pandemic forced the hands of many and gave them an opportunity to trial retirement. One member in his 60s decided to retire when the care home he was working in closed. “Two years later, he is missing the social interaction that comes with work and is back on the job hunt. An early retirement can often seem like a dream when you’re stuck in the thick of the daily grind but, for many, giving up work abruptly can also result in a loss of structure, social connections and purpose. “With spiralling inflation and volatile financial markets impacting pension funds, some people who thought they could retire comfortably during the pandemic are now having to unretire...to bring in some extra income.” Some 10,974,000 over-50s are economically active – the most since March 2020 when Covid struck.   Career civil servant Sharon Moxon could have put her feet up and enjoyed a well-earned retirement, but itchy feet led her to start a new business. The grandmother had spent 30 years with the Department for Work and Pensions. She did a number of different Saturday jobs for 25 years too and, for the final 17, worked for the Probation Service sourcing community service partners. Sharon, 62, who lives in Kent, took early retirement in March as she was eligible for her civil service pension. But, feeling restless and worrying about the cost of living, she set up a mentor business, drawing on skills developed during her career. Sharon said: “One of the biggest attractions of running my own business is the ability to be entirely in charge of my own timetable. “That is something I have not been able to do for a long time.”