William and Kate, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, are reportedly considering the removal of royal titles, to be referred to simply by their first names. The news, first reported in The Mirror, came after the couple’s controversial royal tour of the Caribbean earlier this year. The couple was met with protests calling for reparations while visiting Belize, Jamaica and the Bahamas as part of the Platinum Jubilee celebrations. William expressed “profound sorrow” over the “abhorrent” slavery in the Commonwealth that motivated the protests and is reportedly looking to modernise the Royal Family. READ MORE: Kate and William's royal wedding was one of 'highest pressure' moments 'all eyes on them' This would involve removing bows and curtsies and losing formal titles so the couple would simply be known as Kate and William, making them more approachable. A source told the Mirror that the tour being viewed as out of date and too formal was a big factor in William’s “abrupt” talks with aides. The source said: “They want to be more approachable, less formal, less stuffy and break away with a lot of the tradition. “So now it's more ‘Wills and Kate’ instead of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge... ‘Just call me Wills’ type of thing. “They want to try to avoid the bows and curtsies in public, be more approachable, less formal, less stuffy, and break away with a lot of the tradition and focus on a modern monarchy.” However, royal expert Marlene Koenig told Express.co.uk warned that the couple were “taking it too far” and doing so would take away from the “whole point” of the Royal Family. Ms Koenig told Express.co.uk: “I think that would bring too much down. “I don't think you're gonna see a lot of curtsies and bowing – you're seeing far less of that anyway. DON'T MISS: BBC's Andrew Castle makes major error as pundit accuses Prince George of misbehaving [VIDEO]Royal Family ranked: Kate storms ahead of William - but Charles' popularity plummets [ANALYSIS]Camilla names her secret 'refuge' and 'the one place where she can completely relax' [INSIGHT] “But I do think they'll use their titles. That's taking it too far. They are not of the people, they are separate. “I mean that’s the whole point of it. What’s the point of having a monarchy if it’s just ‘hi, I’m Bill!’.” She also said she expects there to be “a little more informality” and future tours will be “carefully chosen”. So what do YOU think? After Kate and Will's warning should all royal titles end? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below.