Tony Maudsley, 54, known for his portrayal of George Shuttleworth in Coronation Street, has taken to Twitter to respond to a picture he was tagged in that included Harriet Bibby, 23. Tony claimed his co-star is a "nightmare" on set, leading the Summer Spellmann actress to hit back at Tony. Harriet was tagged in a picture on Twitter about a theatre performance she is currently training for. One of the Corrie directors, Nick Bagnall, commented on the post. He wrote: "@TonyMaudsley1 @GarPierce She is alright that @HarrietBibby eh? xxx." (sic) Tony replied in view of his 80,300 followers: "Oh she's a NIGHTMARE! "Refuses to come out of her dressing room till they've warmed her slippers and plied her with frothy coffee!!" READ MORE: Martin Freeman admits ‘it’s hard not to feel hurt’ over kids Harriet, hastily hit back in view of her 7,183 followers: "Shhhh! I've warned you Maudsley!" The actress will be playing the role of Girl in the Blackbird theatre show around Liverpool this month. As well as acting, Harriet recently branched into the music industry, releasing her first charity single. The Summer Spellman actress took to Instagram last month to share a post from Diabetes UK. It read: "Singer-songwriter Shane Board has recorded a single with Harriet Bibby (@harrietanneb) of @coronationstreet, in aid of Diabetes UK. Harriet plays Summer Spellman, who lives with #Type1Diabetes, in the soap." This comes after the charity worked closely with Coronation Street last year to cover Summer's diabetes storyline. The teenager was diagnosed with type 1 diabetes last year. More recently, viewers have watched as she struggled to manage her condition and started experiencing a complicated relationship with food and disordered eating. This was made worse while having to deal with the added pressure of sitting her exams. DON'T MISS... Rylan Clark breaks silence after mum spotted with drip on Gogglebox [COMMENT] Brooklyn Beckham gazes at Nicola Peltz amid 'didn't click' admission [PICS] Lorraine Kelly shares tips for 'dead easy' 1.5 stone weight loss [HEALTH] The upcoming actress spoke in a recent interview about how she feels about having to take on such complicated topics in the soap. "A lot of conflict for Summer is just in her own head. "She’s not angry with anyone else, it’s not an argument with someone, it’s all happening in her head. "To be given the opportunity to do it has been amazing. "To challenge me as an actor as well, to be able to have this conflict happening within your head is really great. "I’m just glad we’ve been able to tell the story and represent people that might not have felt seen before." Harriet has been on Corrie playing Summer since November 2020. She took over the role from Matilda Freeman who had made her final appearance as the character the previous August. You can watch Coronation Street tonight at 8pm on ITV