Emmerdale star Isabel Hodgins has taken to Instagram to address her heartbreak following the death of her dog, Pierre. The star, 28, who plays Victoria Sugden on the hit ITV soap, told of the "unconditional love" she has for the Pug, while thanking her family and friends for their support. In view of her 144,000 followers, the star told of her heartbreak following the death of her dog after more than a decade of having him by her side. Isabel wrote: "11 years and 11 months of unconditional love. He was my everything and my heart is broken but I’m so grateful he was mine. "To everyone that played a part in his life, thank you so much from the bottom of my heart. "He was so loved and I know so many people contributed to giving him the best life," she ended the post. READ MORE: Coleen Nolan wows in blue as son marries fiancée in 'perfect’ ceremony Alongside the caption, Isabel shared a heartbreaking black and white snap of herself cuddling Pierre. The star also posted a sweet snap of herself holding her pup's paw, writing: "Sweet dreams P, I loved being your mummy." Following her post, Isabel's Emmerdale co-stars rushed to pen messages of support. Miss_charleywebb wrote: "The best doggy Mama there ever was," alongside a yellow heart. Tracey Metcalfe star Amy Walsh commented: "Aw Izzy. I’m so sorry to hear that," followed by a broken heart. Emmerdales's Mandy Dingle character Lisa Riley penned: "Wow my heart breaks for you, love and hugs xx." Laura Norton added: "Oh Iz I have no words. The little apple to your pie. He will be greatly missed, love you both x". While Natalie Jamieson, who plays Amy Wyatt, wrote: "Ahhh sorry to hear this iz x x x." DON'T MISS... Michael Ball 'absolutely devastated' as he cancels show with Alfie Boe [UPDATE]Romeo Beckham wipes all trace of Mia Regan from Instagram amid 'split' [INSIGHT]'Thank goodness' Carol Vorderman saved by ITV wardrobe department [ANALYSIS] In August 2020, Isabel took to Instagram to celebrate Pierre's 10th birthday. Alongside a carousel of pictures of the pup, she wrote: "Ten pictures for the ten years Pierres been alive. "A whole DECADE!!!! "The first picture being from the day we brought him home. I have never and will never deserve you. "And yes it takes a village to raise a child/fur baby so thank you to everyone that’s been part of Pierre Michelangelo’s wonderful existence! "We both love you. Happy birthday Peewee, do me a favour and let’s make it another 10," she penned. Isabel starred as Emmerdale resident Victoria Sugden for the first time 16 years ago, when she was just 12 years old. She is the third actress to play the character, with the soap star taking over the role from her predecessor, Hannah Midgley.