It was 1943 and the German in question, Stabsfeldwebel (Sergeant Major) Fritz Rothenberger, was the man who carried out nightly inspections of the sentries at the castle which held hundreds of the most determined Allied escapees, men who had broken out of other camps, often several times. f Sinclair could successfully mimic Rothenberger - known as "Franz Josef" for his resemblance to the former Austrian emperor - he could order the guards to leave their posts and Hitler's most secure POW camp would be cracked wide open. On the evening of May 19, Sinclair and his two companions, John Hyde-Thomson and Lancelot Pope, all of them disguised in German uniforms hand-made by the prisoners, sneaked out of their rooms and into the main yard. Twenty British inmates waited for the signal the German sentries had been relieved, upon which they would make their home runs. At the main gate, Sinclair successfully stood down two sentries, their places taken by the British POWs dressed in German uniforms and "armed" with carved wooden replica rifles. But at the second post one of the guards became suspicious and raised the alarm. Matters were not helped when the real Rothenberger turned up! Sinclair tried to bluff his way through but was shot down in cold blood with his hands raised in surrender. Incredibly, he survived his wounds. His ingenuity and determination to escape at almost any price earned the grudging respect of the Germans who named the ginger-haired prisoner the Red Fox of Colditz. SINCLAIR'S story began in the dark days of May 1940 when Britain was on the verge of defeat. The British Expeditionary Force had been routed by the German Panzers in France and was being mercilessly bombed by the Luftwaffe as its demoralised forces retreated towards the Channel ports. To carry out the rescue of more than 300,000 soldiers from the French beaches, military chiefs decided to sacrifice the British garrison defending the port town of Calais and draw the German armoured columns away from Dunkirk. Winston Churchill gave the order to fight to the last man. Among the British units in Calais was the King's Royal Rifle Corps (KRRC) and, in the thick of the fighting, were two old friends from Winchester College. Mike Sinclair had answered his country's call along with his schoolmate Gris Davies-Scourfield shortly before the declaration of war. Young men in a hurry, they were excited to be given a chance to play their part in the illustrious histories of their school and regiment. Now the British defenders were suffering terribly, ceaselessly pounded by German artillery and Stuka dive-bombers. Their rations had run out and they were down to their last few rounds of ammunition. Sinclair was captured when his Bren-gun carrier was knocked out. Davies-Scourfield was shot three times during a reconnaissance mission. He had resigned himself to death only for the Germans to find him just before he would otherwise have bled to death in a barn. The defence of Calais had indeed bought the British vital time for the evacuation of Dunkirk by the Royal Navy and the "Little Ships", but the sacrifice had come at a huge cost. The remnants of the British Calais defence force, including Sinclair and Davies-Scourfield, were loaded onto cattle wagons and sent to FortVIII at Stalag XXI-D, Poznan, an 18th century Polish fort. Sinclair and Davies-Scourfield did not need reminding that it was the duty of every British officer to try to escape; the two officers soon teamed up with another British POW, Old Etonian Ronnie Littledale, and led an escape by burying themselves at the bottom of a rubbish cart. All three made it toWarsaw where, for several months, they were hidden by the Polish underground. Davies-Scourfield stayed put while Sinclair and Littledale disguised themselves as foreign workers and spent six months travelling through Hungary and Yugoslavia on their way to Turkey from where they hoped to catch a boat home to England. They crossed the Yugoslav-Bulgarian frontier hidden in a horse-drawn cart. But they were stopped, discovered and captured by suspicious Bulgarian customs officials who handed the British officers to the German military. While being transported to Dresden in January 1942, they evaded their guards by using a lavatory window to escape from a moving train. Sinclair was caught after hurting his leg in the daring escape and Littledale was recaptured in Prague during a police round-up in May following the assassination of Nazi leader Reinhard Heydrich. Both men were interviewed by the Gestapo and faced being shot as spies. After convincing their interrogators they were POWs on the run, they were sent to a place where the Germans boasted there could be no escape - Colditz Castle near Leipzig. The medieval fortress, situated high on a cliff edge above the River Mulde, was being used by the Wehrmacht to house prisoners whose records made them impossible to detain in ordinary POW camps. Sinclair arrived at the castle in the summer of 1942 where he was met by his old friend Gris Davies-Scourfield who had been betrayed by a Polish informant and carted off to Colditz a few months earlier. Within weeks Sinclair attempted his first escape by squeezing through a lavatory window at a Leipzig hospital where he was being treated for sinusitis. He was at liberty for several days before his recapture in Cologne during a police hunt for the crews of RAF aircraft shot down over the city during one of the first British 1,000 bomber raids. His second attempt at escaping Colditz was carried out in November 1942 when he brazenly walked through the German kitchens shortly after the guards had taken their lunch break. Two days later he was caught in Immendingen, still inside Germany but almost 400 miles from Colditz. By the time of the audacious "Franz Josef" escape bid, Sinclair had become a thorn in the Germans' side. Incredibly, even his near-death - following the cessation of hostilities, the British War Office would mount a war crimes investigation into the incident, naming three German guards who shot Sinclair when his hands were raised in surrender - had not dented his zeal to escape. And once he recovered, it wasn't long before the Red Fox was ready to try again. This time Sinclair and another prisoner, Jack Best, used a rope of tied bed sheets to drop from a window in the prisoners' quarters onto the prison square. Under the cover of night they cut a hole in the perimeter wires and ran out of the castle into the nearby forest. Sinclair was free Walter Purdy Gestapo plant again, but after reaching the Dutch border, his luck ran out when they were picked up by a German patrol while they anxiously waited to cross into Holland. Back in Colditz, by the spring of 1944, many of the prisoners were approaching four long years of captivity. The war was passing them by and Sinclair, born to a proud military family, feared that unless he escaped soon all the glory would go to other men. He couldn't bear the thought of returning to England to face his family and regiment with nothing to show but a string of stirring stories about his failed escapes. Fortuitously, there was another escape attempt in progress. British inmates had spent the winter months digging the most ambitious and technically advanced tunnel undertaken at Colditz. Now they were within touching distance of the boundary wall. For Sinclair and the others, it represented their last hope of getting back into the war, but in those days of final preparation, a British naval officer had arrived in the camp whose story sounded too incredible to be believed. He was soon rumbled as a spy planted in the castle by the Gestapo and the German military intelligence. His name was Lieutenant Walter Purdy - the eponymous turncoat in my new book, The Traitor Of Colditz - and, before his arrest by the internees, he had passed by the entrance to the tunnel where he had seen a digger appearing from a hatch. The British leadership within Colditz wanted to hang Purdy for working for the Germans but none of the men had the stomach for a lynching. They ended up handing over Purdy to the German commandant. (He would incredibly survive the war, dying aged 63 in 1982 after being convicted of treason at the Old Bailey). A few days later, a search party discovered the tunnel and its cache of escape equipment. The mental strain on Sinclair was beginning to tell. He had recently learned that his brother John had been killed in the bitter fighting on the Anzio beaches. Then in September 1944, news reached the castle of the death of Ronnie Littledale, who had escaped from Colditz in 1942 with Captain Pat Reid, the author of The Colditz Story upon which the classic film is based. Sinclair's friend had rejoined his old regiment, the King’s Royal Rifle Corps, and taken part in the Normandy landings. But three months later he was killed in action in Airaines, France, when his Bren-gun carrier was ambushed by an SS unit. Just a few days later, on September 25, 1944, Mike Sinclair made a final desperate escape bid running up and over the barbed wire in the exercise park. The 26-year-old British officer had very little chance of succeeding and was gunned down before he could reach the safety of the woods. To his fellow officers it looked like suicide. In the end, the intolerable pressure of trying to best the Germans proved too much for him. Some of the Colditz inmates blamed Purdy for Sinclair's suicide escape, for betraying the tunnel that would have surely freed him. Lieutenant Mike Sinclair - the only man killed trying to escape Colditz - had made four escape attempts from the castle and spent more time on the run in occupied Europe than any other British POW of the war. He was posthumously awarded the Distinguished Service Order, the only subaltern of the Second World War to receive the medal for actions as a Prisoner of War. Colditz was liberated by the Americans in April 1945.