Earlier this week, it emerged Manchester United had ruled out the signing of Antoine Griezmann despite Atletico Madrid’s interest in Cristiano Ronaldo. Given his alarming drop-off in form in recent years, that’s certainly for the best. And it speaks volumes about the Red Devils, suggesting they’re beginning to learn from the mistakes of the past. Despite Atletico Madrid eyeing Ronaldo, United aren’t interested in Griezmann. That was something that became clear earlier in the week, with the Red Devils instead focusing on other players such as Benjamin Sesko as they look to revamp their attack. United have been interested in Griezmann in the past, of course. They thought they’d be able to sign the Atletico star back in the summer transfer window of 2017, when Jose Mourinho ruled the Old Trafford roost. Yet Atletico were slapped with a transfer ban and the France international, out of sheer loyalty, opted to stay put rather than jump ship. That prompted United into signing Romelu Lukaku instead, with the Belgium international arriving from Everton for a huge fee of £75million. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative Two years later, the Red Devils again contemplated a deal. But, on that occasion, Barcelona won the race for the striker instead - with the Catalan giants spending £107million to secure the player’s signature. At a time where Ronaldo wants out, and is interested in a move to Atletico, tentative links to Griezmann have arisen. But United, this time around, won’t be heading to the negotiating table. Thanks, but no thanks. In previous years, United have signed too many big names at the wrong stages of their career. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong Radamel Falcao had been the best striker in world football during his time at Atletico Madrid but, upon joining United in 2014, he was a shadow of his former self. Injuries had seen to that, with the Colombia international previously sidelined for six months at Monaco. Many within United felt Falcao could be the ticket to Premier League title glory. But that wasn’t the case and, with just four goals to his name, he was sent back to Monaco where he’d later join Chelsea. In 2015, United signed Bastian Schweinsteiger from Bayern Munich. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. Yet he, too, was on the wane by this point. That didn’t deter Louis van Gaal but, in hindsight, it’s a signing the Dutchman wouldn’t make again. And, in January 2018, the Red Devils thought they’d struck gold when they hijacked Manchester City on Alexis Sanchez. Though Sanchez had been unstoppable for the most part of his Arsenal career, there were indications he was starting to regress. Sanchez netted 30 goals from 51 appearances during his final full season at the Emirates, becoming one of the best players in the Premier League in the process. But, after failing to get a move to City in the summer of 2017, he then scored just eight goals from 22 games. At United, his form worsened. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here He scored just three goals from 18 appearances after joining under Mourinho, often cutting a subdued figure in attack. And he then noticed a mere two goals from 27 appearances before Ole Gunnar Solskjaer decided to loan him to Inter Milan. Griezmann, like Sanchez, Falcao and Schweinsteiger, is no longer the force of nature he once was. He toiled at Barcelona, failing to gel with Lionel Messi and Luis Suarez before being offloaded on loan last summer. And Griezmann hasn’t set the world alight at Atletico since returning, scoring just three goals from 26 La Liga games last term. United, finally, appear to have learned from past mistakes. Because signing Griezmann, in the year of 2022, would be another.