Taiwanese legislator Lo Chih-Cheng has boasted the self-governing island nation is militarily "capable of defending" itself from any incursion from China. Beijing, claims Taiwan as its own leading to rising tensions between the two sides. Mr Chih-Cheng told DW News: "There is a possibility that China will learn from the lesson of Russia's invasion in Ukraine that China can take a short war in the Taiwan Straights. "So we must make sure Taiwan will prepare ourselves for the worst-case scenario. "But more importantly we will make sure that China will think twice before they move on to these types of military actions against Taiwan." He added: "Taiwan is military capable of defending ourselves. "But more importantly every year we have this kind of annual military drill, prepare ourselves for any possible invasion in any form against Taiwan. "Importantly we are developing the so-called asymmetric warfare to deter China from taking military actions against Taiwan. "So yes, China is developing its military power significantly in the past few years. "But Taiwan is also preparing ourselves in a similar way." A US aircraft carrier and its strike group have returned to the South China Sea after a port call in Singapore, deploying in the disputed region as tensions with China rise over a possible visit to Taiwan by congressional leader Nancy Pelosi. Officials with the US Navy's Seventh Fleet confirmed the deployment of the USS Ronald Reagan to the vital trade route but did not comment on questions about tensions over the trip by Pelosi, speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives. "USS Ronald Reagan and her strike group are underway, operating in the South China Sea following a successful port visit to Singapore," Commander Hayley Sims said in a statement to Reuters. Commander Sims added that the Reagan "is continuing normal, scheduled operations as part of her routine patrol in support of a free and open Indo-Pacific." DON'T MISS:Meghan feared causing ‘embarrassment’ to firm with father row [INSIGHT]Fury as GMB's Adil Ray fumes he is 'ashamed to be British' [REPORT]Royal Family LIVE: Queen SNUBS Harry and Meghan ahead of shock memoir [LIVE]  When asked for comment, China's foreign ministry said the US was once again "flexing its muscles" in the South China Sea with the Reagan's sailing. "It is clear from this for everyone to see who is the biggest threat to the South China Sea and the Asian region's peace and stability,'' Chinese foreign ministry spokesman Zhao Lijian told a regular briefing on Thursday. News of the deployment of the Japan-based carrier comes as Beijing and Washington trade diplomatic blows over Pelosi's visit, reportedly due to take place next month after being postponed earlier in the year. Pelosi has not confirmed the possible trip. US Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin said on Wednesday he had spoken with Pelosi and given her a security assessment but any comments about a trip she might make to Taiwan would have to come from her office. READ NEXT: Energy bills now tipped to soar close to £4,000New report sheds light on why the cost of Lurpak keeps going upFurious parents storm first Drag Queen Story Hour UKUkraine: Russian families pull rug from under Putin as they de...Ukrainian troops 'will win' as Kyiv preps offensive in occupied south