Fern Britton has issued sage advice following her split from husband of 20 years, Phil Vickery, in 2020. In a new interview, the former This Morning presenter, 65, spoke candidly about what she does when she's at crossroads in her life and when it comes to making big decisions after she was forced to become "independent". The ITV presenter told how her most important advice to other people who had gone through a split, was to have "courage". She went on to emphasise how necessary it is to become independent, especially in one specific area. Fern said: "First of all, get yourself financially independent, so you have the opportunity not to have to rely on anybody for anything. "We can’t rely on somebody for our own happiness, let alone to look after us and keep us housed." READ MORE: Alison Hammond breaks silence on Dermot O'Leary ‘b***h’ comment The author added that she encouraged people to do what they want, without "conforming" to the pressures of other people's expectations. Fern went on: "Then, if you find yourself in a situation where you’re at a crossroads, have courage. "Look into yourself and ask, ‘How do I feel?’ "If the answer is, ‘Pretty depressed,’ you don’t have to conform just because you think other people want you to. Do it for yourself," she explained to Prima UK. Later in the interview, the star told how she is happy being single, adding that life is "perfect" at the moment. Fern and Phil first met while hosting Ready Steady Cook together in 1999. The pair then tied the knot the following year before welcoming their daughter Winnie in 2001. They later became co-stars on This Morning, which Fern hosted for a decade from 1999. DON'T MISS... Jane Seymour, 71, shows off endless toned legs in navy swimsuit [INSIGHT]Ana de Armas turns heads in school uniform inspired outfit [UPDATE]Gemma Atkinson, 37, pokes fun at her modelling heyday with sweaty post [ANALYSIS] Phil made his debut as the show’s resident chef back in 2006. In January 2020, the couple announced they were parting ways following 20 years of marriage. In view of Fern's 62,000 followers, she wrote: "After more than 20 happy years together, Phil and I have decided to go our separate ways. "We will always share a great friendship and our lovely children. "We would appreciate it if our privacy is respected at this time. Thankyou for your continued kindness and support." Fern married her second husband Phil after her divorce from her first husband, TV executive Clive Jones. The former couple share twin sons Jack and Harry, 25, and a daughter Grace, 22. Phil was also previously married to Sarah Ann Lock from 1990 to 1999. The August issue of Prima is on sale from 14th July.