The Yorkshire Shepherdess Amanda Owen joined This Morning’s Dermot O’Leary and Alison Hammond live from the Great Yorkshire Show to share with ITV viewers the latest goings-on at the annual event. Former The One Show host Matt Baker was also on hand to chat with the ITV presenting duo but after being handed a pint of beer from a local brewery, Matt couldn’t help but tease Amanda by asking: “Is that your first one?” Amanda beamed with excitement as Alison and Dermot first cut to her live from the farming event. An eager Amanda shared with ITV viewers what fans could expect as she walked past a number of sheep and pig pens while clinging onto the railings. However, sharing some “bad news”, Amanda revealing tickets had already sold out for the hotly-anticipated event. Matt then joined Amanda to discuss his love for the show, revealing he’d been going every year for as long as he could remember. READ MORE: GMB outrage as guest calls for PET benefits 'Having pet ISN'T luxury' Attention soon then turned to the local food and drink vendors at the show, rustling up delicious treats for attendees. And when doing so, Amanda and Matt were handed a pint of beer from a local brewery to try. “It’s not just animals we’ve got on offer,” Amanda commented as two pints were handed over. “I mean, some people might say it’s a bit early for this,” Amanda joked as she grabbed the beer. “But being farmers, we’ve been up since the crack of dawn!” “It’s 10 o’clock, it’s past lunch time,” Matt quipped as Amanda continued: “This is specially brewed, you know.  “You can only get it at the Yorkshire Show,” she added while Matt held his pint aloft and said: “Dermot, Alison, all the best to you! Cheers!”  As the pair took a sip of the beverage, Matt couldn’t help but poke fun at Amanda after watching her stumble over the marshy ground beneath her.  “Is that the first one of the day for you?” Matt said with a chuckle while Amanda also giggled and continued to sip her beer. “It’s 10 o’clock, it’s past lunchtime,” Matt quipped as Amanda continued: “This is specially brewed, you know. “You can only get it at the Yorkshire Show,” she added while Matt held his pint aloft and said: “Dermot, Alison, all the best to you! Cheers!” As the pair took a sip of the beverage, Matt couldn’t help but poke fun at Amanda after watching her stumble over the marshy ground beneath her. “Is that the first one of the day for you?” Matt said with a chuckle while Amanda also giggled and continued sipping her beer. DON'T MISS:Naga Munchetty distracts BBC viewers with outfitAmanda Owen speaks out on new role ‘Jumped at the chance’Amanda Owen issues 'vital' plea over Ravenseat amid Clive Owen split “We’ll go see the shire horses next,” Amanda replied as the segment came to a close. The Yorkshire pair then handed back over to the studio but Amanda and Matt’s interview certainly didn’t escape the attention of viewers at home. Twitter user @Lexi_2481 speculated: “Amanda looks as though she is still hanging #ThisMorning." And @Holts97172875 even joked: “Amanda has clearly had more than that drink #ThisMorning.”  David Mackay echoed: “Think she’s had a few drinks before the show has started #thismorning.” While Phoenix Ryder picked up on the tricky terrain underfoot: “Can’t tell if she can’t walk in her shoes or if she’s p****d up #thismorning.” And @Boppity_Boo34 sarcastically commented on the coverage: “Nice to promote Yorkshire for a change #ThisMorning,” followed by a laughing emoji. (sic) Amanda continued to cut back to the studio throughout the show to share with fans what’s happening at the event. This Morning airs weekdays at 10am on ITV.