Justin Thomas and Shane Lowry enjoyed a hilarious exchange after the American topped his tee shot on the 18th hole at St Andrews’ Old Course. After Lowry poked fun at the shot, Thomas told his playing partner to ’shut the f*** up’. Thomas, one of the best golfers on the planet, cold-topped his tee shot on the 18th hole while playing alongside Lowry and Viktor Hovland on Friday evening. The moment was similar to the PGA Championship winner’s shot on the same hole in Round One, and Lowry made sure to ridicule Thomas for it. On Friday, Thomas pulled the driver as so many other stars did in Round Two as they faced a breeze coming into their face. The 29-year-old proceeded to fire a strike up the left side and quickly reached for his tee - only for Lowry to mutter ‘much improved’. The Irishman was referring to Thomas’ first round error on the same shot. Amid much laughter, Thomas quickly replied with one of the hot mic moments of the year as he simply declared: “Shut the f*** up.” READ MORE: The Open LIVE: Tiger Woods' emotional message to Rory McIlroy Rather amusingly, Thomas’ ‘topped’ shot still travelled 252 yards on the dried out Old Course fairway as he faced 125 yards to the hole. It was obviously not what Thomas was hoping for, though. Judging by the emphatic laughter that could be heard immediately after the exchange, it should be assumed this was simply banter between two major champions rather than a brewing beef. When a player of their calibre and status top a shot, they’re going to receive some level of criticism. DON'T MISSThe Open day two: Tiger Woods in tears, Rory McIlroy on the chargeIan Poulter was left furious after being called 'little girl'Tommy Fleetwood's blunt confession before desperate Open bid Thomas went on to miss a six-foot putt as he failed to achieve birdie. In the end, he settled for his second successive par on the 18th this week. The American is sitting at two under and is now 11 shots back. He would need a miracle to achieve a tremendous comeback, while Lowry is four-under and Holland is tied for third with his 10-under ahead of Saturday’s action.