Fraser Nelson claimed candidates Kemi Badenoch and ex-Chancellor Rishi Sunak's views were aligned as they were the only two candidates not pushing for lower taxes. He then went on to claim there was a gap between low and high-tax Conservatives. Sunday's debate saw ongoing Prime Minister Boris Johnson's former Cabinet members Liz Truss and Mr Sunak tear into each other when weeks ago they were sat around the same table.   Mr Nelson stated that Mr Sunak may be positioning himself as the right candidate for change whilst promising no change whatsoever. And claimed if Mr Sunak pulled this off that it would be 'quite something.' The top two candidates will be chosen by Wednesday, and one will be knocked out tonight as the race to be the next Prime Minister heats up. Mr Nelson told Radio 4s Today programme: "Well Kemi Badenoch's performance was pretty good. "And I think she'll struggle to get into the final two, Tom Tugendhat was always an outsider having never served in Government. JUST IN: Ukraine: Putin raiding ‘hell hole’ prisons as he sends cannon fodder to front lines     "How can you really go for Prime Minister, that's the point that kept being made against him, time and time again. "Kemi's views seem to be aligning behind Rishi Sunak's, so she wasn't really pushing for lower taxes as Liz Truss was. Mr Nelson added: "And I think Camilla is right, there is sort of a gap between the low tax and the high tax Conservatives. "That was a cleavage and Rishi Sunaks positioning himself strangely in my view as being a high tax conservative and seems to think everything is ok. "At the moment there is a big debate in the Party, but it seems that Sunak is steadily winning that debate as he originally planned. "So he might position himself as a candidate of change, whilst promising no change whatsoever, if he does that will be quite something to pull off."  READ MORE: Boris faces no-confidence vote TODAY after surprising MPs by calling vote in HIMSELF     Most of the leadership candidates have been vowing to lower taxes for Britons due to the cost of living crisis, despite the threats that this could cause inflation to worsen. The crisis has seen many citizens struggle financially as prices continue to increase and wages stay the same. Former Chancellor, Mr Sunak increased National Insurance payments earlier this year, and there has been much criticism of his decision to do so due to some political experts claiming he is out of touch due to his own wealthy status. DON’T MISS: Shock as President Zelensky fires ‘treasonous’ security chief and prosecutor general[INSIGHT]Meghan Markle left Vanity Fair editor feeling 'manipulated' with her media 'demands' [REVEAL]Brexit LIVE: BBC row as Huw Edwards wades in on Mordaunt over 'brilliant' Brexit lies clip [SPOTLIGHT]    When Mr Sunak launched his leadership bid at the Queen Elizabeth II centre where he outlined his financial plans for the UK, he said: "It is not credible to promise lots more spending and lower taxes. 