A senior Government source said the Prime Minister is "fighting on" despite a whole swathe of MPs quitting in protest at his leadership. Starring down members of his top team this evening, Mr Johnson told his Cabinet that his resignation would be the end of the Tory party, with no chance of winning the next general election. The source said Mr Johnson was "continuing to focus on delivering for the public" and addressing the "hugely important issues facing the country". Mr Boris Johnson is expected to try to relaunch his Government with a series of major tax cuts and a huge reshuffle. Home Secretary Priti Patel, Business Secretary Kwasi Kwarteng, Transport Secretary Grant Shapps, Northern Ireland Secretary Brandon Lewis and Welsh Secretary Simon Hart were among those urging him to give up and stand down. MPs have been told that when he was confronted in Downing Street by 1922 Committee chairman Sir Graham Brady and the Cabinet ministers telling him to go, the Prime Minister was defiant and laid out his plan. An MP, who was briefed after the confrontation, said: "The Prime Minister said he was not going to resign, there would be a reshuffle and he was launching a new economic plan with major tax cuts tomorrow. "The room was silent, people were gobsmacked. Then they told him he was full of s***. "But he was unmoved." However, supporters including Culture Secretary Nadine Dorries and Brexit Opportunities minister Jacob Rees-Mogg rallied behind the Prime Minister in his bid to stay on in No10. Asked, as she left Downing Street, if she is still supporting the Prime Minister, Ms Dorries said: "Definitely". Asked if others are also still backing him, she added: "Oh yes". READ MORE ON OUR BORIS JOHNSON LIVE BLOG James Duddridge, a parliamentary private secretary to the Prime Minister, said Boris Johnson is in a "buoyant mood" and will "fight on". The Rochford and Southend East MP said: "The Prime Minister is in a buoyant mood and will fight on. "He has a 14 million mandate and so much to do for the country." Backbenchers and even remaining ministers have been left dumbstruck by Mr Johnson's stubborn refusal to quit. DON'T MISS: 'Enough is enough' Sajid Javid lands killer blow on Boris in Commons [REVEAL]Nigel Farage pinpoints 'final nail in coffin' for Boris Johnson [INSIGHT]Shove off!' Andrew Bridgen loses it with Brexit Man Steve Bray [SPOTLIGHT] Speaking to MPs on a parliamentary committee this afternoon, the Prime Minister said he had no intention of leaving, citing the cost of living and war in Ukraine behind his reasoning. "I can't for the life of me see how it is responsible just to walk away from that," he said. The beleaguered incumbent added that he had a "colossal mandate" from voters at the last election. Mr Johnson now looks set to remain in power until at least next week when backbench Tory MPs attempt to drag him out of office by changing the Conservative party leadership rules. Elections to the powerful 1922 committee which sets the rules for leadership elections are due to take place on Monday. A slate of critics of the Prime Minister are planning to run for election on the promise to alter the customs for confidence votes to allow an immediate poll on Mr Johnson's future. After the Conservative leader narrowly won a ballot of MPs at the start of last month, the current rules do not allow a new vote for 12 months. Backbencher Andrew Bridgen told Express.co.uk: "He's politically dead, but he's not buried. "He will now force us to change the rules next week, and force us to hold another confidence vote. "For once I just wish he would do the decent thing and resign."