Anyone with assets worth more than £23,250, including their home if they live alone, is classed as self-funding and has to pay for their own care, meaning that many Britons need to think through their plans for their later years. Debbie Harris is managing director of Autumna, a national directory of care homes and assisted and retirement living options, which also provides legal and funding advice. She said that there are several options for funding a care package. She said: “There are really only six different ways of paying for care. “These are the Deferred Payment Scheme which is essentially a loan from your local authority if your savings are below the means test limit. “If you own a property you can rent it out and use any income to contribute towards care fees. “Some people use Equity Release which, in effect, is borrowing money against your house from a commercial lender. “No repayments are made, but on your death the loan plus all the accrued interest will need to be paid. READ MORE: Inheritance tax fury as Government cashes in on extra £300m “Some people simply put the proceeds from the sale of their property into a bank account and draw down from that. “Others try to make that capital work a little harder by investing it - usually in low risk, safer investment vehicles. “Then there’s a Care Fee Annuity. The prudent thing to do is get independent advice about these. Look for SOLLA (Society of Later Life Advisers) for help. They can advise on annuities which can ensure that your fees will always be paid no matter how long you are resident in a care home.” The average cost of an annuity is around four times the annual income that you require. Autumna receives 2,500 enquiries to its advice line every month, with more than 90 percent of enquiries from self-funding families. Ms Harris said that the major concern for care home funding is what happens when a family runs out of money. She said: “The biggest challenge for people who can fund their own care is if they run out of money and are asked to leave the care home.  “If they haven’t taken out an annuity that protects them from this, then they should make sure they are clear on what the care home’s policy is. “Sometimes the care home will allow the local authority to take over the care funding – but not always. “The amount a local authority is prepared to pay is often substantially lower than what the care home is willing to accept. “Be sure to read the contract before you sign on the dotted line.” She urged people to read through the contract to see if it has any stipulations about the fees changing, as they often increase on an annual basis. She said it is vital for people to understand how the funding works for a care home, as people often have limited funds.  READ MORE: Carer's Allowance: 500,000 people missing out on £279 a month - are you eligible?  She said: “You need to understand what your funding obligations are, as far as your parents are able to fund in the first instance. “If that’s going to be a journey of one to two years, and this is usually where people’s fund deplete, then when you choose the care home, you say to them, Mum has got funding for two years, what happens at the end? “Before you move Mum in, you’ve had that conversation. That is absolutely critical, that’s where people fall down.” The later life provision expert said that the coronavirus pandemic has changed how people approach care homes, with more families looking at many locations online rather than just visiting a few in person. She said that often people will approach Autumna when a loved one’s situation has suddenly changed and they need care immediately. She warned: “Social care is something that as a society, we just don’t have on our radar.  “We plan for everything else. We plan for the kids’ schools, we plan for our weddings, our careers, our funerals. “We don’t consider social care at all. People fall into it. “If you’ve got more than £23,250, which is not a lot if you’re in the demographic that owns your own property, you will pay for it. “You’re trying to make this huge decision without any information.”