Queen Letizia of Spain was photographed with her daughters, Princess Leonor and Sofia, during a national offering to the apostle Santiago at the Cathedral of Santiago de Compostela on Monday. The event was held during the regional festivities of Galicia, located in the north of Spain. Queen Letizia wore a bright orange midi dress from Vogana which she combined with a pair of Carolina Herrera brown stilettos. A cute brown bag, also from Carolina Herrera, finished the Spanish monarch's summer look. Her daughters, Princess Leonor and Sofia, also chose bright colours for the occasion. READ MORE: Kate Middleton's skincare - including diet Princess Leonor, the future Queen of Spain, donned a red and pink dress from Cayro and Carolina Herrera cream pumps. The midi dress is currently available to purchase and has a price tag of £76. Her younger sister, Infanta Sofia, opted for a light blue gown. She combined the knee-length dress with matching light blue ballerinas.  Instagram fashion account @55cosasbonitas commented: "Infanta Sofia has flaunted elegance and simplicity by wearing a classic midi dress. "The young royal has hit the spot with a garment that can't be missed in a royal's wardrobe. "And this is a Princess-style dress in baby blue." Queen Letizia and Princess Leonor kept their long blonde hair loose. READ MORE: Meghan Markle's fashion hack to 'look expensive' - 'she is a fan' The youngest royal, Infanta Sofia, on the other hand, styled her hair in a half updo. The royals looked beautiful and very stylish in their colourful outfits while attending the service in the magnificent cathedral on an unusually warm and sunny day in the northern region of Galicia. Royal fans took to social media to praise the Princesses' looks. @titobenitez61 said: "They look beautiful. "And very appropriate wardrobe." Another one, @marcmcarty, agreed saying: "Beautiful." Social media user @cincirella.80 commented: "Today they are truly beautiful." @nicole.chan614 said: "Nice!! Bright colours seem to suit them."