The Duke and Duchess of Sussex stepped down as working royals and gave up their Royal Highness titles two years ago. Harry and Meghan carried out their final official engagement in March 2020 at the annual Commonwealth Day service in London before moving to North America. Since then the couple have set up home in California with son Archie, three, and daughter Lilibet, aged one. After staying for a few weeks at producer Tyler Perry's home in Los Angeles, the Sussexes bought a home in the star-studded Montecito neighbourhood of Santa Barbara. The Sussexes have carefully guarded their children from the media glare in the US, but royal writer Daniela Elser has said they cannot keep Archie and Lilibet "cooped up forever". Ms Elser, in an op-ed published on New Zealand news website nzherald.co.nz said: "A huge backyard, children's playhouse, tennis court and a pool might provide more than enough entertainment and space for little ones to play and roam safely away from the gaze of the public and press, but the couple can't keep Archie and Lili cooped up at home forever.  "For centuries, America has sold itself to the world as the land of the free – but I'm not sure how free life can or will be for the Sussexes and their kids (especially as they get bigger) when the family represents possible ready cash or instant social media fame for anyone who might spot them in the wild." The comments come after pictures emerged on Facebook, appearing to show the Duke and Duchess of Sussex with Archie celebrating July 4. A parade-goer claimed to have spotted Meghan, Harry and Archie enjoying the celebrations in Jackson Hole, Wyoming. While neither Meghan nor Harry's faces can be seen in the photos, their son is clearly pictured in the photos.  READ MORE ABOUT GRANT SHAPPS BEING TIPPED FOR PM One picture appears to show Meghan kneeling down next to Archie who is dressed in a blue outfit topped off with a red, white and blue hat. He can also be seen holding a small US flag while sucking on a lollipop. Harry can be seen standing behind his wife and son, wearing a dark grey polo shirt and olive green cap. Lilibet cannot be seen in the photographs. The parade-goer shared details of their brush with royalty, in a post on an Instagram account.  DON'T MISS: Woman committed astonishing 33 speeding offences in just three months [REVEALED] Kate’s parents to have kids 'for themselves' over summer [LATEST] Harry 'now regrets' huge Meghan Markle gamble as fears for Prince [REPORT] It read: "Funny story... we are in Jackson Hole WY at their 4th of July parade. "This big tough guy told us twice that he was saving seats for a family. I'm okay already, do you want us to move? (which of course we wouldn't do). "He says 'Oh no, I just want you to know.' I thought, well it must be the Royal Family (very sarcastic thinking!). "A minute later Meghan Markle and Prince Harry walk up with little Archie!"  They claimed the "big guy" was the Sussexes' bodyguard, adding: "Meghan is gorgeous and Harry and Archie are so cute. We were right next to them and their friends." Harry and Meghan have been seen in public in the US a few times since moving. The Duke was pictured soaking up US history as he visited Fort Worth in Texas in March. He also reportedly headed to the historic Cowtown Coliseum to attend a Stockyards Rodeo event.  Meghan has also been spotted a number of times cheering for her husband during polo matches. She also made a surprise visit to the Uvalde memorial to pay tribute to victims of the primary school shooting in Texas. 