And of those yet to experience such activities, nearly three-quarters (73 percent) are seeking to be more active following the events of the pandemic. More than half (56 percent) want to make more memories while they can, and 49 percent are keen to make holidays fun again. The research was commissioned by Voltarol, which has also created a quiz to find out how adventurous you really are when it comes to going on holiday. Hannah Ford, from the brand, said: “Age is but a number. It is how healthy, active, and audacious you are that can make the difference. “The fact that nearly half of adults over the age of 40 have become more adventurous is a good sign, as pushing yourself out of your comfort zone can bring incredible health benefits – both physically and mentally. “We’re not surprised that hiking came out as the top holiday activity for the over 40s, as, while the pursuit can seem mild rather than wild, the breath-taking views, blood-pumping cardiac exercise, and mind-clearing side effects of the hobby can’t be beaten in terms of adventure – no matter how old you are. “Age aside, it is always important to remain as cautious as possible to avoid any unnecessary injuries while having fun.” The study also found nearly half of those who are less adventurous tend to gradually take things a step at a time on holiday, with over a third (35 percent) concerned that they may injure themselves if they take it up a notch with their activities. As a result, some prefer to stick to slower-paced activities – including visiting a nearby town, eating out, and going to the beach. And 42 percent admit they need to take more time to recover from physically demanding activities on holiday. Nearly half (45 percent) are fearful of injuring themselves, with a third having previously hurt something while on an adventure. Nearly a quarter of those (23 percent) have broken a bone, while one in five (19 percent) dislocated something. And the poll, carried out via OnePoll, found that when holidaymakers have faced injury, 45 percent admitted it slowed down the rest of their holiday – with four in ten put off being so adventurous in the future. Hannah Ford added: “There is always the worry about picking up an injury as we grow older – but more importantly, when we do more physically demanding activities. “However, this shouldn’t put people off experimenting with new ways to adventure with family and friends while making new memories on holiday, and there are many activities out there which are perfect for all ages. “Our advice is to take things slowly, know your limits, and make sure every activity you're doing is safe and responsible.” TOP 20 ADVENTUROUS HOLIDAYS OVER 40S HAVE EXPERIENCED: