Richard Madeley, 66, has presented ITV’s GMB since 2017, and has become a household name. The Essex-born presenter used to present This Morning and the chat show Richard & Judy alongside his wife, Judy Finnigan, 74, who he has been married to for 36 years. The couple are fairly private but shared a glimpse into their life in Hampstead Heath in 2020 with their popular series, Keep Reading and Carry On. The Channel 4 show saw the TV presenters invite viewers inside their detached home. Hampstead Heath is located in North London and is known for its green space and woodland. The exterior of their property is grand with multiple large windows and a well-appointed front garden. The couple’s home also has a Juliet balcony above their front door. READ MORE: How to get rid of ants: 'Cheapest and easiest way' Beautiful wisteria and ivy can be seen adorning the front of the property. On one episode of the show, Richard and Judy revealed a look inside one of their reception rooms. As authors, it’s no surprise the couple’s bookshelves were filled to the brim with various books. The couple were sat on a brown sofa with burgundy and gold striped cushions. DON'T MISSShould you open your loft hatch during hot weather? [INSIGHT]Meghan Markle fills Montecito home with 'neutral tones' for key reason [UPDATE]house prices increase uk areas property value boost full list [ANALYSIS] The home looked luxurious with gold patterned wallpaper and soft lighting. In the background of one of the shots, huge bookshelves can be seen at either end of the room with even more books. A glimpse up the couple’s staircase reveals an array of family photos and the same gold wallpaper. The photos appear to be of their children Chloe and Jack. Richard and Judy appear to have kept their home relatively neutral with gold, beige and cream tones. Accents of burgundy and dark red add a splash of colour to their home. Richard met Judy in 1982 when they worked on separate programmes for Granada Television. They were both married to different people but then married in Manchester in 1986. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea  The couple reportedly have a second home in Polperro in Cornwall. Richard and Judy have two children together, Jack, who was born in 1986, and Chloe who was born in 1987. Richard is also stepfather to Judy’s twins from her first marriage. The TV presenter is half-Canadian and has authored several works of fiction.