It’s a bold blueprint that brings defence spending up to 2.5 per cent of national income, delivering an extra £11 billion by 2025. The new Chancellor’s defence-first approach is timely. It comes as Russia’s bellicose actions in Ukraine are destabilising the world, builds on the recent Nato summit, and brings Mr Zahawi’s own background as a Kurd in Saddam Hussein’s Iraq into play: he came here to flee tyranny. But in a leadership contest that is starting to look like a tax-cutting contest Mr Zahawi risks being seen as spendthrift. Yesterday former Tory chancellor Lord Lamont stepped into the fray, telling the BBC that it looked like a “Dutch auction of tax cuts” and arguing that debt could spiral. No doubt some candidates are flexing their Conservative tax-cutting muscles, trying to isolate favourite Rishi Sunak, seen as a profligate tax-and-spend politician. Mr Zahawi himself has signalled his intent to abolish next year’s planned corporation tax rise and to cut income tax, should he win. But it’s also true that tax hawkishness has to be weighed against our Covid recovery and our need for strong defences. As the contest gathers pace, the public deserve global realism as well as fiscal prudence. Under a broiling sun, the British tendency is to act incautiously. That’s reasonable. After all, we do spend much of the year in the cold. But please be careful. As inhabitants of hot countries know, the sun can be a foe as well as a friend. Yesterday, a “danger to life” weather warning was issued as Britain baked in temperatures of up to 90F (32C). The alert stays up all week. The heat will make travelling, already disrupted and fractious, more difficult. But it is to the elderly and vulnerable we should pay most attention to, as they are most susceptible to the sun’s ill effects. So check on your neighbours, friends and relatives, and enjoy the sun in moderation. It’s an extraordinary story. Sir Mo Farah has revealed he was trafficked here as an illegal child migrant from Somaliland, that his birth name was really Hussein Abdi Kahin and that he has long used the name of another child called Mohamed Farah. In a BBC documentary The Real Mo Farah, which airs tomorrow, the four-time Olympic champ says he needs to tell his real story “whatever the cost”. His brave unburdening is another chapter in a remarkable life of triumph over adversity. Sir Mo’s story shows a human lesson – that whatever our origins, we can all acquire greatness.