Arsenal have been offered the chance to sign Borussia Dortmund centre-back Manuel Akanji but the defender would prefer to join Manchester United this summer, according to reports. Arsenal have been one of the Premier League's busiest sides in the transfer market over the last few weeks but are expected to make at least another signing before the new campaign gets underway in early August. The north Londoners have been linked with the addition of a new centre-back in advance of the upcoming Premier League season and Akanji has been tentatively mentioned in connection with the club for a number of years. It seems as though it could finally be Arsenal's time to pounce over the coming weeks, with Dortmund fully determined to free him from their books as a matter of priority, according to the print edition of Gazzetta dello Sport.It is said that Ajanki has been told that he is no longer in Edin Terzic's first-team picture and will not be used for any of Dortmund's remaining pre-season friendlies. The Bundesliga heavyweights are now looking to fast-track his departure and have already reached out to Arsenal to gauge their interest in snapping him up for a maximum fee of around £21million.However, it remains to be seen whether the Gunners will be able to convince Ajanki to join their ranks between now and the end of the summer transfer window. He previously admitted that he has a soft spot for United, who have also been credited with a desire to improve their central defensive options before the on-pitch action finally resumes. Transfer news: Arsenal going ‘all in’ for Youri Tielemans after Zinchenko agreement  "I have a big dream, to get as far as possible in football," Akanji told NZZ after initially signing for Dortmund from Basel back in 2018."Since my childhood days, Manchester United have been my favourite club. I'd like to play there one day but right now that's not an issue. I am happy at Dortmund and try to be the best possible person off the pitch." Akanji only missed eight league matches for Dortmund over the course of last season through injury and is clearly more than capable of doing a job at centre-back at the highest level. It remains to be seen whether Arsenal or United will be prepared to meet his £21m price tag, though, with his current deal at Dortmund set to expire next summer.Dortmund have also reportedly offered Akanji to a handful of other English clubs, which suggests that Arsenal will need to act quickly in order to bring him to the Emirates Stadium before he goes elsewhere. Only time will tell if the Gunners decide to firm up their interest in Akanji or if he will eventually join another club before the first ball is kicked at the start of the new campaign. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here