Former Arsenal midfielder Jack Wilshere has urged Manchester United to sign his former West Ham team-mate Declan Rice this summer to fix their midfield issues. Erik ten Hag’s side are set to complete the signing of Christian Eriksen and have made attempts to sign Barcelona’s Frenkie de Jong, but Wilshere believes that Rice is the man they need in midfield. “I will tell you what you [United] need, Declan Rice,” Wilshere told talkSPORT. “United need him.” West Ham have held firm that they will not let their midfield general leave the club this summer if their valuation of £150million is met for the England international. Rice has two years left on his contract at the London Stadium, though the club reportedly have an option for another year the 23-year-old has not shown a desire to extend his deal at the club. “There was a bargain to be got with Declan at £100m,” West Ham boss David Moyes said last season. “That bargain is now gone. Declan Rice is right up with some of the best players I've certainly had. It's his potential as well to get better because of his age. There's a potential for him to improve and mature better because of his age. "When you're 23 years old and you're playing a number of games, there's a lot of room for that to improve. If you look at the England squad in the Euros who lost in the final, it would be hard to suggest that Declan Rice hasn't played as well as any other England player since those finals." Transfer news: Man Utd make £51m bid, Ronaldo exit 'accepted', Chelsea £45m agreement United have previously been linked with Rice along with Chelsea, who released the England international at the age of 14 before he joined West Ham’s academy however he does have ambitions to play at the top level of the game. “I have always said it, I don't want to have a career where I've not won anything,” Rice told former Manchester United defender Gary Neville on his Overlap podcast. “Growing up as a kid I've seen all these top players win the trophies, win the Premier League, the Champions League. DON'T MISSLeeds star Raphinha 'to train alone' after Chelsea, Arsenal and Barcelona bidsLeeds announce sixth summer signing but Victor Orta 'still pushing' for crown jewelMan City earmark three bumper new deals after sanctioning Sterling Chelsea transfer “Me as a football fan and a player I want to win the best stuff, I want to win the Premier League, I want to lift that trophy, I want to win the Champions League, I want to win the FA Cups, League Cups, even with England, I want to win it all.” One issue United won’t have to face should they take Wilshere’s advice on board is Rice’s shirt number. The midfielder’s favoured number 41 shirt is currently vacant at the club, and Rice previously explained why he wears that number. “I was given 41 when I went to Seattle on my first trip with the first team,” Rice added on The Overlap. “I was just given 41 and it has stayed with me since. I just think Rice 41 has a nice ring to it and obviously I have grown up playing in it and I am a bit superstitious with things like that, if I change to a new number if it will hamper my performances, I don't know! Sometimes I think about things like that."