Demographic expert Paul Morland has laid out the risks facing Britain if the country's births don’t increase dramatically over the coming decades. The UK's shrinking birth rate has the author concerned that future generations will be unable to keep up with job market demands in the future, and he believes there is a risk that ultimately Britain could vanish from the map entirely unless the number of new babies born ramps up. Dr Morland told Express.co.uk: "If as a society and as a community we do not wish to reproduce yourselves one way or another. "In the short and medium term, we will have really serious problems in the labour market. "In the long-term, we will seize to exist!" He added: "We in Britain have had sub-replacement fertility that is fewer than two children per woman for about 50 years. "We are seeing that now when I joined the workforce there were two people in their early twenties entering the workforce for everyone in their early sixties leaving it. "Now it is about one for one, that does not meet our demand for labour and we are short of labour everywhere. "We saw it with the tanker drivers last autumn, we are seeing it in the airports at the moment, and there are a lot of different reasons." "Each of these reasons has an individual story in each of these sectors but there is a more global story within Britain, a bigger story," continued the demographer. "Which is if we have twice has many as twenty-somethings as we have we wouldn't be having these sorts of shortages. "Now immigration has been absolutely essential to us and to our economy, we couldn't do without it. "We have very high levels of it, but it won't go on forever because other countries are getting lower fertility like Poland is not going to have a huge number of twenty-year-olds willing to come over here." "So that is going to dry up," he added. DON'T MISS: Queen's Guard screams at London tourist 'We'll never return!' - VIDEO [WATCH]Kate McCann health update: TalkTV presenter to step out TONIGHT [LISTEN]United Airlines flight from Edinburgh to US makes emergency landing [INSIGHT] Most recent figures for England and Wales show the population has grown by 59.6 million, though growth has slowed. The date shows the rate at which the population of England and Wales grew fell from 7.8 percent between 2001 and 2011 to 6.3 percent from 2011 to 2021. The number of under-fives in England and Wales fell by 7.6 percent between 2011 and 2021 to 3.2 million. Meanwhile, the number of people in the 70 to 74 age bracket now numbers almost three million, with half a million people aged 90 and over. READ NEXT: Terrifying fire rages above treetops as thick smoke cloud appearsTruss to pull rug from under unions and forge new emergency lawBrexiteer savages ‘nutters from Brussels picking fights’Who won Tory leadership debate – Rishi Sunak or Liz Truss? VOTE HEREJames Cleverly blames NOT Brexit but French: NEVER part of Schengen 