Manchester United have reportedly already hosted Frenkie de Jong’s agent at Carrington this summer. Erik ten Hag remains keen to land the Barcelona star as the club’s pursuit enters a 70th day on Wednesday. But, still, the saga goes on. Manchester United have pushed for De Jong’s signing all summer, with Erik ten Hag believing his former Ajax pupil can help accelerate progress over at Old Trafford. And, according to the Manchester Evening News, the 25-year-old’s agent Ali Dursun has already been hosted at Carrington this summer. Dursun has told Barcelona that De Jong doesn’t want to leave. That’s something the midfielder has never shied away from, with the Netherlands international dubbing the Catalan giants the ‘best club in the world’ just mere weeks ago. Yet the La Liga side, regardless of what they’re publicly saying, do want to get De Jong off their wage bill. Man Utd transfers: Barcelona draw up De Jong punishment plan United thought the pressure on De Jong would, at this stage, have forced the former Ajax star ‘to fold’. But that hasn’t happened, with the midfielder instead jetting off to the United States with the rest of his Barcelona team-mates for their pre-season tour. It’s claimed United insist the issue of De Jong’s wages is the main reason for the delay in proceedings. The 25-year-old is owed £17m after agreeing to take a temporary pay cut when the coronavirus pandemic struck two years ago. And it’ll be interesting to see if he does end up making the move to Old Trafford this summer. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong And, according to the Manchester Evening News, the 25-year-old’s agent Ali Dursun has already been hosted at Carrington this summer. Dursun has told Barcelona that De Jong doesn’t want to leave. That’s something the midfielder has never shied away from, with the Netherlands international dubbing the Catalan giants the ‘best club in the world’ just mere weeks ago. Yet the La Liga side, regardless of what they’re publicly saying, do want to get De Jong off their wage bill.  He is United’s undisputed top target, though the Red Devils do have two alternatives should a transfer fail to materialise. Ruben Neves is one of them, with the Wolves star a consistent performer in the Premier League. The problem is, however, that the Portugal international may end up being even more expensive than De Jong. That’s because of Wolves boss Bruno Lage, who suggested back in April they’d want a fee close to £100million to let their prized asset go. “What I know is we have a special player here with us,” he said at the time. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. “What he is doing this season is very good. “I think also the way we play, he can show a better Ruben, and also the way he plays puts our team on a different level. “When you have that player, the best thing to do is improve his salary and years of contract. “But who knows, when you have a top player like him in that specific position, that can defend and attack, and is a top professional and a great man, the big teams are there with £100million to buy these kinds of players.” And a second player United have on their radar is Youri Tielemans. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team By now, many thought the Leicester star would have quit the King Power Stadium. He was widely expected to join Arsenal earlier in the summer, yet the Gunners appear to have other priorities at the current moment in time. And that could give United a window to strike if, ultimately, De Jong doesn’t join the club. United are refusing to give up on the Netherlands international. But, with each passing day, the Red Devils’ need to get a deal over the line only increases. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here