 The First Direct’s Regular Savings Account outpaces the 3.3 percent interest paid on regular savers from NatWest and the Royal Bank of Scotland.  For First Direct’s savings account, which previously only paid one percent, people are able to put away a minimum of £25 a month or a maximum monthly deposit of £300. Regular payments are made into the account on the first of each month through a standing order. However, if the monthly limit isn’t hit, allowances can be carried forward from previous months.     If a saver deposits £25 a month for 12 months, with the 3.5 percent interest rate, it would come out with £305.69. If a customer is able to put away £300 a month, after 12 months they would have saved a total of £3668.25 as the maximum return after one year is £68.25. The account can be either opened online or through the bank’s mobile app and can be managed online. If a person would like to adjust their standing order then they will need to call the bank directly. READ MORE: State pension payments may hit over £200 per week next year    The account will mature exactly one year after it is opened and the interest will then be added to the balance. First Direct stated that its maturity process can take up to five days. People however shouldn’t be concerned about this, as the bank confirmed that during this time customers will still be earning interest on their balance. Customers need to be aware that they are unable to access the cash once it is in the account and will have to close the account if they want to access the cash.  If you choose to close your account before the end of the 12 month period you will receive interest up to the date of closure at a rate of 0.1 percent. The telephone and internet-based bank stated that the account could only be opened with a sole name and only one account per person is permitted. However, there is one catch. It is only available to existing First Direct customers as those who are interested will need to have a First Direct 1st current account before being able to open the saver account. READ MORE: National Insurance tax cut worth £330 secured as threshold rises     However, new customers switching their current account to First Direct can benefit from a £150 bonus. Those who just open an account, but not through the Current Account Switching Service (CASS), will receive £20. At the time of the announcement, Chris Pitt, CEO of First Direct, said: “As inflation and household bills continue to rise, so too does the need for people to make their money go further. “This market-leading rate reflects our commitment to ensuring customers – both new and existing – can squeeze every penny out of their hard-earned pounds.”     First Direct’s cash ISA has also increased its rate to 0.35 percent, up from 0.2 percent, while its fixed-rate saver now pays 0.45 percent, up from 0.25 percent. Additionally, customers with bonus savings accounts who don’t touch the balance in any given month will benefit from 0.45 percent interest on balances of up to £25,000, up from the 0.25 percent previously paid. Rachel Springall, Finance Expert at Moneyfacts said: “The majority of regular savings accounts on the market are either exclusive to new or existing current account customers or have some kind of eligibility criteria, so savers will need to compare deals carefully before they apply.” Ms Springhall added that £150 switching incentive makes switching seem “a tempting offer”, there are multiple factors that people would need to consider before switching current account provider.   