Paddy Pimblett exposed his backside as he made weight for his UFC London fight with Jordan Leavitt this weekend. During the official weigh-ins for Saturday's card at the O2 Arena in London, Pimblett sent a clear message to critics about his infamous eating habits.  'The Baddy' successfully weighed in at the non-title lightweight limit of 156lb, then turned to the cameras and said: “For everyone that tried to fat shame me and said I’d miss weight or f****** pull out, kiss my ass,” while slapping his bum. There had been utterings that Pimblett may struggle to make 156lb after the Scouser admitted to ballooning up to 205lb after his last fight with Rodrigo Vargas. But, Pimblett -- who has not missed weight so far in his UFC tenure -- stepped on the scales looking extremely trim. The UFC star has become well-known for his infamous junk-food-fuelled binges between fights and many have questioned his commitment to the sport. Only last week, British UFC legend Brad Pickett criticised 'The Baddy' for his dietary choices.  Talking to Express Sport 'One Punch' warned Pimblett that he needs to take the sport more seriously if he hopes to make it to the top. When asked whether he thought the Liverpudlian could become a UFC world champion, he responded: “No. I never say never but he would need to change things up and take things seriously, especially his diet. I know he likes the image of having a fight and then getting fat and out of shape. But he’s doing well, he’s got a lot of hype around him and he’s getting paid for it so fair play to him.” It's well documented that Pimblett is a massive 'foodie'. Whilst ranking some of his favourite foods during a recent appearance on The Overlap, Pimblett admitted that his eating habits will only get worse once he retires from fighting. "Everyone asks me this but I can't pick my favourite meal. I like that many different types of food. Pizza, pasta, Chinese food, salt and pepper chicken, wings, quadruple burgers. Desserts, chocolate fudge cake and cookie dough pies. I know for a fact when I retire that I'm going to be a diabetic, but I get on with it," he said.  MORE UFC NEWS... McGregor's manager lays into Mayweather and provides rematch update Paddy Pimblett makes enormous demand and issues threat to Dana White McGregor told next UFC fight after Diaz lifted lid on White's plan Pimblett faces Leavitt on July 23 at UFC Fight Night 208. The UFC return to England's capital for the second time this year as Tom Aspinall headlines against Curtis Blaydes. Traditionally, the UFC comes to London once a year but after the successes of the last card in March, Dana White promised to come back again in 2022. Last time out, British fighters impressed in front of a sold-out O2 Arena crowd, with Aspinall main eventing again as he submitted Russian contender Alexander Volkov in the first round. On the same card, Pimblett also secured an early submission finish in his second UFC outing against Vargas. Pimblett comes into this weekend's card boasting an impressive 18-3 professional MMA record with two wins from two inside the UFC Octagon. Meanwhile, his American foe is 10-1 as a pro and 3-1 as a UFC fighter.