Sue Barker has been one of the leading lights during Wimbledon coverage for the past 30 years. The presenter and former sporting star decided to step down from her role having worked for the BBC since 1993. She has since received many touching tributes from tennis heroes, including Roger Federer.    The Grand Slam champion had said: "Thank you for everything you've done for the game of tennis. "Interviews on court, you made me cry! I wish you all the very best for the future and again thank you for those incredible 30 years and everything you've done." Sadly this will be the last fans see of Barker on the small screen as she is stepping away from the world of presenting altogether. At 66 years old, she is ready to retire, saying: "Basically I just feel the time is right. READ MORE: What is Sue Barker doing now? Inside sporting star's life  "It has been my dream job and I have loved every minute of it, working with so many great colleagues who I am going to miss so much. "When I started I never thought I would manage 30 years." She had initially planned to give up her role back in 2017 because the hours were becoming long and challenging. However, she does not regret the decision to stay on another five years.  Fans said her retirement would be a "huge loss for the BBC" when she first announced she would be giving up TV work. Twitter user @DavidHo34435012 wrote at the time: "Well done and leaving on YOUR terms. "What a loss for the BBC. We'll always have great memories of what you have given to the world of tennis, in so many different ways." The star said she had worked with "the best of the best" and had experienced a wonderful and rewarding career. DON'T MISS... Carol Vorderman left in tears at Sue Barker's Wimbledon exit [VIDEO] 'Younger than Attenborough!' Piers Morgan on Sue Barker's retirement [DISCUSSION] Wimbledon post heartfelt 885-word statement in tribute to Sue Barker [INSIGHT] Now she is retired, Barker can spend more time with her husband, Lance Tankard. She married the landscape gardener and former policeman in 1988 and they live in Gloucestershire. The sporting legend will undoubtedly be making time to explore the stunning Cotswolds village and will be enjoying a more relaxed and serene lifestyle. The former Question of Sport presenter has had a fruitful career since she joined the world of TV. After retiring as a tennis player, she started work as a commentator and sports reporter for Australia's Channel 7 in 1985. After this, she started anchoring tennis coverage for British Sky Broadcasting from 1990 to 1993. She then joined the BBC Wimbledon team as a guest on Today at Wimbledon with Harry Carpenter. Quickly becoming a fan-favourite, she took over as host of the programme in 1994. 