Jeremy Hunt, the former foreign secretary, said France is unwilling to ease congestion at Dover because they are still “furious about Brexit” and believe that the UK has “mucked up their long-term plan for a united Europe”. People were forced to wait for almost 24 hours over the weekend as they tried to get a ferry or train to France, with staff shortages and increased border checks slowing the holidaymakers almost to a standstill.    Mr Hunt said: “There may be some short term issues in terms of the staffing on the French side, that’s what we have been hearing. “But the bigger issue, really, is there's a lack of willingness in the French government to be cooperative with Britain in any way at all. “They are furious about Brexit, they are furious with Boris, they think we've mucked up their long-term plan for a united Europe. “And I hope that when we have a new prime minister we can have a reset in relations with France and indeed the EU more broadly, so that we can cooperate as good neighbours should."    He added: “We've got a lot of things in common with the French, we have very similar views when it comes to the big challenges the world faces. “And we are the two biggest militaries in Europe and we need to be working together at a time of tremendous peril on the international scene.” Queues have already begun to build at the Port of Dover amid fears that the severe disruption seen in recent days could return to Kent throughout the summer. Ferry operator DFDS told passengers that there were “queues of around an hour” for French border checks on Monday morning, and to “allow a minimum of 120 minutes before your departure to complete all controls”. READ MORE: James Cleverly blames NOT Brexit but French: NEVER part of Schengen [INSIGHT]   P&O Ferries wrote on Twitter: “The queues have picked up and it is taking approximately one hour to clear passport control.” Passengers were forced to wait for several hours on Friday as bumper-to-bumper traffic stretching for miles marred the journeys of tens of thousands of families at the start of the school summer holidays. This was blamed on a staffing shortage at French border control and a serious crash on the M20 motorway. And Toby Howe, senior highways manager at Kent County Council and tactical lead at Kent Resilience Forum, said that next weekend is likely to be “very busy”. Mr Howe said: “It's the second busiest getaway weekend of the summer holidays. DON'T MISS: French excuses over Dover travel 'mess' dismantled [REVEAL] Folkestone new 'hotspot of holiday hell' [REPORT] Furious holidaymakers lash out over Eurotunnel traffic hell [REVEAL]   “As we've just found out the weekend just gone, traffic numbers travelling across the Channel were back to pre-pandemic levels and with the increased checks it is slower to get through, so it takes very little to cause those tailbacks.” National Highways re-opened the coastbound M20 between Junctions 9 and 11 in Kent shortly after 1am on Monday. But the motorway remains closed to non-freight traffic between Junctions 8 and 9 as part of Operation Brock, which is in place due to the difficulties at Dover. There were also long queues on the roads approaching Eurotunnel's Folkestone terminal over the weekend. READ NEXT: British holidaymakers told to 'shun' France if they're not welcomeTravel misery now spreads to EurotunnelPOLL: Should Britain pay France to sort out Dover travel chaos?Dover chaos blamed on Macron's petty Brexit grudgeMacron 'hurting businesses all over EU' just to spite Brexit 