Manchester United have been dealt another transfer blow after reports revealed that RB Salzburg do not intend to allow wonderkid Benjamin Sesko to leave to anyone other than RB Leipzig. The 19-year-old striker had emerged as a target for United after he scored against fierce rivals Liverpool in midweek - but the young star is unlikely to end up anywhere other than the Austrian club’s sister team. Sesko has burst onto the world footballing stage following his excellent performance against Liverpool on Wednesday where he scored the only goal of the game. He has been slowly building a reputation in Austria scoring 12 times and contributing a further eight assists in 38 games. He has also broken into the Slovenia squad and has already been capped 13 times. His play style has drawn comparisons to new Manchester City signing Erling Haaland who also originally played for Salzburg before moving on to Dortmund. However, the Red Devils' pursuit of the forward has already suffered a setback after reports suggested the club were not prepared to let him leave. The Athletic has said that even if he does leave the club he is likely to join RB Leipzig in line with the Red Bull model that sees players consistently move between their clubs. JUST IN: Liverpool below Chelsea, Man Utd 6th as Foster makes rogue predictions Earlier today the club had made light about United’s interest in the player. The club reacted to an earlier tweet by Fabrizio Romano reporting United's interest in Sesko by tweeting that it would take £300million plus Bruno Fernandes to lure him away from the club. However, since his latest display, they have updated that stance and now want £1billion plus Fernandes and the club's mascot, Fred the Red. Of course, it would not take a fee of this magnitude to prise the player away from the Austrian Bundesliga. The transfer would be likely to cost in the region of £55million. In any case, he is only likely to end up in Germany if he does end up leaving through the exit doors of the Red Bull Arena. READ MORE: Atletico Madrid's Koke snubs Cristiano Ronaldo after fans protest It is clear that Sesko is unlikely to end up at Old Trafford during this summer however he will be a player the club may try to revisit later down the line. In the meantime, he will certainly be one to watch given the immense potential which he has. Click HERE to buy the new Man Utd home shirt