On the latest episode of the programme, viewers were shown Wakehurst, Kew Gardens’ big sister. Located 30 miles away in Sussex, Wakehurst has a wild botanic garden that surrounds an Elizabethan mansion. Wakehurst is also home to the state-of-the-art Millennium Seed Bank and over 500 acres of landscapes and plants from across the world. Like Kew Gardens, Wakehurst has an incredible display of bluebells every spring. “En masse, our native bluebells create what I think is one of the most intense flowering spectacles in the world,” said Ian, head of landscape and horticulture at Kew Gardens. “But closer inspection reveals that every single flower has it’s own beauty of shape and form and fragrance. “That’s why bluebells speak to me on many different levels. It’s those opposing scales of beauty that really catch my eye.” READ MORE: Surfaces to ‘avoid’ cleaning with citric acid During the programme, Ian was visiting Wakehurst to check whether native bluebells are “hybridising” with their cousin, the Spanish bluebell. He said bluebells are fragile and are at risk in the UK from habitat destruction and the Spanish bluebell. Bluebells are a perennial wildflower which come from a bulb. They can reproduce in two ways - sexually by seed and asexually by splitting the bulb underground which is how they create carpets of colour in woodlands across the nation.  DON'T MISSHeatwave warning: 'Avoid gardening' for now to help your garden [INSIGHT]Can you mow your lawn when it's raining? [UPDATE]Paint colours to avoid in the kitchen - ‘stay away’ [ANALYSIS] Ian didn’t find any Spanish bluebells in the woods on his visit. However, closer to the mansion, Ian spotted something “untoward”. He explained: “This is a really good example of where we can see the Spanish bluebell outcompeting our own native bluebell.” Native bluebells are more delicate with a curving form and more intense violet blooms. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea The Spanish bluebell which is more erect in form and softer in colour. The main difference is the Spanish bluebells’s basal leaves which are larger and much broader. Ian said his next step is to remove the Spanish bluebells he found as they “have no place here”. He continued: “This is why it’s so important we keep checking our own bluebells but also why we say that other people should not start planting these [Spanish bluebells] in gardens.  “We have a responsibility to protect our charming little bluebell. “It would be sad to see this disappear from the countryside.” Spanish bluebells can spread aggressively but can hybridise with the native English form which could potentially oust the native species in the future. Kew Gardens: A Year In Bloom airs on Channel 5 at 8pm.