The latest analysis from Citizens Advice indicated growing delays and backlogs being faced by disabled people.  Citizens Advice heard from one claimant, who due to an injury suffers from a stomach prolapse, and has been waiting to hear back about her PIP payment for six months.  Kate, who is in her 20s, said: “Not having PIP is forcing me to push myself to do things that I know I shouldn’t be doing and it’s seriously affecting my health.” She previously received Personal Independence Payment, known as PIP, which can see people with an illness, disability or mental health condition receive up to £157 a week. It is a lifeline for millions of people. But the new analysis shows that the waiting list for an assessment is now at an eye-watering 327,000 people, with an average waiting time of five months. Citizens Advice projects this means £294million of payments that would be awarded are being held up. Delays in assessment mean that support is held up, forcing people, like Kate, into impossible choices as they try to make ends meet. Kate added: “Six months on I’ve still not heard anything. I only have £400 of Universal Credit to live off a month and some of that I’m using to pay off rent arrears. “When I was receiving PIP, I could afford to get a taxi to go and get food shopping. “My condition means I can't really take public transport as I can't wait around for long periods, and I can't carry much - even walking or sitting down hurts. “So, now I'm having to force myself to get food if I feel able to do it that day. But then I’m really ill afterwards.  “Sometimes I'm not well enough to go and get food so I just don't eat. Then I get dizzy and often faint. “Not having PIP is forcing me to push myself to do things that I know I shouldn't be doing and it’s seriously affecting my health.”She added: “PIP was a lifeline for me, and I just can’t believe six months on I’ve not heard anything. “I rely on a lot of support and without the money, I can’t get the extra help which would make my life easier.” According to Citizens Advice, one in five people who have needed a food bank referral from Citizens Advice in the last three months also have an issue with PIP. And there are more people coming to Citizens Advice for help with PIP than with any other issue – 41 percent more than the next highest issue. Around 150 people are contacting advisors every hour for one-to-one help, and its webpage on “How the DWP makes a decision on PIP claims” had 27,700 page views last months, up 56 percent year on year. Citizens Advice is calling on the government to take urgent action to relieve pressure in the system and help get money to people who desperately need it. This is yet another blow for disabled people who have been struggling to make ends meet as the cost-of-living crisis in the UK continues to worsen.  The Daily Express crusade to End Disability Bills Crisis calls on ministers and energy firms to provide more financial support to help the hardest hit survive in the current climate. Louise Rubin, Head of Policy and Campaigns at disability equality charity Scope, said: “Amid the biggest cost of living crisis in a generation, it’s scandalous the waiting time to simply get an assessment is five months. “Life costs more if you are disabled, and disability benefits are meant to help address these costs. “For many disabled people, the cost-of-living crisis is literally a life-or-death situation. Nobody should be forced to turn off essential equipment so they can afford their energy bills or avoid debt. “The government needs to get a grip of this situation now. It can only use the benefit system to direct long-term support to disabled people if it's working properly.”Dame Clare Moriarty, Chief Executive of Citizens Advice, said: “The government did the right thing by targeting more financial support towards those who need it most. “But there are still things they could be doing to get money in the pockets of people who desperately need it in the cost-of-living crisis.“Getting a grip on the PIP assessment backlog needs to be a priority for the government. Delays in getting money to people who’re entitled to it can wreck lives. “With costs rising all the time, people need this regular support now, not a backdated payment months or years in the future.“  Kate Smith, Senior Benefits Expert at Citizens Advice, said: “PIP can make a huge difference for people who struggle with day-to-day activities - but the application process can be challenging.“If you need extra help because of an illness, disability or mental health condition you might be eligible. It’s hard to say if you will qualify for PIP, because it’s assessed on the level of help you individually need rather than being tied to a condition or needing to take a specific medication. “But if you struggle with things like preparing and cooking food, washing and bathing or communicating with others, it might be worth applying. There is also a mobility component to PIP, so if you have difficulty walking outside you might qualify.“To apply, you need to contact the Department of Work and Pensions to fill in the initial claim form. It’s best to call them as they can complete it on the phone. You’ll then be sent another, more detailed, form to give details of how your condition affects your day-to-day life, before undertaking a medical assessment.”