Stephen (played by Todd Boyce) recently returned to Coronation Street but his nephew David Platt (Jack P. Shepherd) is not pleased about his plans to stick around. The businessman appears as though he has no intention of leaving Weatherfield anytime soon while his mother Audrey Roberts (Sue Nicholls) continues to recover following an accident. Will he ruffle more feathers if he takes over Underworld? Stephen made his last appearance on the ITV soap in 2007 when he moved to Milan with Sarah Platt (Tina O'Brien). When he made his cobbles come back he found his mother collapsed in the local hair salon. It turned out he returned to the soap after his niece Sarah reached out to him about the ongoing rift between Audrey and Gail Platt (Helen Worth). ITV soap spoilers have revealed Underworld worker Sarah's impressed with Stephen's business advice in upcoming scenes.  READ MORE: BBC Breakfast viewers thrilled as they welcome back much-loved host Stephen tries to convince Carla Barlow (Alison King) that Underworld would be better off buying their silk from him. However, Carla is not swayed by his offer and is convinced working with family never ends well. David is also not keen on Stephen's interference and makes his views clear to his family members. Sarah is left frustrated but is flattered when Stephen tells her someone with her experience shouldn't be taking orders from Carla.  The pair have worked together in the past, so will Stephen find a way to climb the ladder at Underworld with Sarah's help? Could he set out to take over the factory altogether and push Carla out of the business? How would the rest of the employees react if Stephen became their boss? In upcoming scenes, tensions are set to mount between Sarah and David when they embark on a slanging match over Audrey's will. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Triple exit as Fiz leaves Weatherfield  [THEORY]Coronation Street theory: Iconic couple split as Steve left penniless [SPOILER]Corrie's Tony Maudsley issues update after lorry smashes into his car [UPDATE] Disgusted with the pair of them, Audrey walks out and Stephen’s left embarrassed. Audrey has been already been betrayed by those who love her as her grandsons Nick Tilsley (Ben Price) and David defrauded her of £80,000 a couple of years ago. Todd, who plays Stephen, recently opened up about his relationship with Audrey to Express.co.uk and other media. He added: "There's nothing remotely awkward about it. I think it's very loving even though he wasn't with her during his childhood.  "He's quite angry with the rest of the family which is tricky as he hasn't been there. He does say that he feels bad as he hasn’t been around so much. "There is a lovely scene we did sitting on a bench and I think that tenderness between them does come across. "Sue reminds me so much of my own mother and she is such a brilliant actress but she doesn’t think she is. We get on so well so it makes doing those scenes easy." Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV and ITV Hub. 