   Carol Kirkwood has explained why she likes to keep her fiancé's identity hidden in a resurfaced interview. The BBC Breakfast star candidly discussed her “secret boyfriend” last year, before the pair became engaged back in May.     Carol, 60, has never publicly named her long-term partner, choosing to keep his name a secret. Last year, while she was promoting her debut romantic novel titled Under A Greek Moon, she spoke about her now-fiancé. “He’s only a secret boyfriend because I never talk about him,” she began. “I always feel that through my job, I put myself in the public eye and am very happy, but my partner and my family and my friends haven’t, so I’m hugely respectful of their privacy. READ MORE: Liz Hurley, 57, stuns as she displays peachy rear in white bikini    “I just don’t talk about them, other than to say that my partner is drop-dead gorgeous, he’s funny, he makes me very happy. “He gets up at quarter to three in the morning to make me a cup of tea before going to work – if that’s not romantic, I don’t know what is,” she told PA News Agency. Back in May, Carol shared the exciting news of her engagement in front of her BBC audience. She opted for a dramatic reveal live on air and was congratulated by BBC Breakfast colleagues Sally Nugent and Jon Kay as she flashed her ring.     The weather presenter broke the news as she reported from the Chelsea Flower Show. She told viewers she had been proposed to while on holiday, with co-star Sally helping her to deliver the announcement. Sally told Carol at the time: “I’m a little bit concerned about you this morning. “I don’t know how you’re managing to stand up with that giant rock on your left hand, Carol.” READ MORE... Ivana Trump cause of death: How did Donald Trump's ex-wife die? [LATEST] Hairy Biker Dave Myers battling 'c**p' pain but 'chemo is working' [INSIGHT] 'Do miss each other' Pauline Collins on being 'separated' from husband [NEWS]     Carol grinned as she looked down at her hand, before replying: “Oh that one, thank you Sal. “It is rather nice, I got engaged.” Sally then responded: “Congratulations from all of us, it’s the happiest news, we are so, so delighted, congratulations. Can we confirm to the nation what’s happened?” Carol then quipped back: “Oh thank you, yes, I think you just have Sal!      “Yes, I got engaged, we got engaged when we were on holiday, so it’s lovely news and we’re both thrilled. So, thank you!” Carol’s breakout novel Under A Greek Moon tells of a Hollywood actress embroiled in a scandal who returns to the Greek island where she fell in love with an enigmatic tycoon. Under A Greek Moon can be purchased for £7.99 at Waterstones, Amazon and other retailers. BBC Breakfast airs weekdays at 6am on BBC One.   