The film will explore how the BBC managed to bag the bombshell interview with Prince Andrew back in 2019 over his friendship with convicted paedophile Jeffrey Epstein and claims the royal himself had sexually assaulted Virginia Giuffre when she was 17. Prince Andrew has vehemently denied those claims. As the This Morning team discussed the upcoming film on Friday's epsiode, Nick Ferrari deemed the project "bad news" for the royals before admitting it would make "great" TV. This Morning host Alison Hammond explained to ITV viewers that the movie would soon be in the works." She asked: "This isn't good news for the Royal Family Nick, is it?" "It's not good news for the Royal Family at all," Nick warned. The broadcaster reflected on the 2019 interview before elaborating on his view. READ MORE: Outlander's Sam Heughan speaks out series ending as he drops huge clue "I'm reminded, and I wonder if it'll be reflected as and when the movie comes to the screen - that afterwards, Prince Andrew thought it had been such a great success. "He took the journalist involved, Emily Maitlis, on a tour around, I think, of the Palace. "They realised what they'd managed to get - and it is also reported that on that weekend Andrew told his mother, the Queen, that it had all gone rather well. "So it's how out of touch he was with the public, talking about Pizza Hut in Woking, or Pizza Express or whatever." The 63-year-old radio host continued: "Listen, it will make for a great movie. "Sadly, it won't do a lot for that part of the Royal Family. "I think the Queen remains untouched in all honesty, but it won't do a lot for Andrew." DON'T MISS... 'Camilla 'perfect' for future royal role says expert [VIDEO]Union boss Mick Lynch clashes with Charlotte Hawkins over demands [LATEST]Ben Shephard fumes as phone company hounds guest over late mother [VIDEO] It comes as speculation and backlash following claims made against Prince Andrew continue to damage the Royal's reputation and cause debate about his involvement in engagements. Prince Andrew agreed to an interview with Emily Maitlis for BBC's Newsnight in November 2019, in which he denied the claims of sexual assault. He also countered claims by stating on the night in question he'd been at Pizza Express in Woking, and insisted he is unable to sweat. Prince Andrew has continued to vehemently deny the claims, and the US civil lawsuit has since been settled as the royal reached an out-of-court settlement with accuser Virginia Giuffre, with no admission of guilt. The Prince was stripped of his royal titles earlier this year, and he vigorously denies the accusations against him. The infamous BBC Newsnight interview about his former friendship with Epstein saw the Duke being forced to step away from public duties. During the conversation, he was also accused by viewers of failing to express total regret for his association with the late sex offender and sympathy for Epstein's victims. This Morning airs weekdays from 10am on ITV.