Dr Cameron Hayek (played by Mark Ghanimé) wasted no time in striking up a bond with colleague Mel Monroe (Alexandra Breckenridge) in season four of Virgin River. Arriving in town initially to provide cover for Vernon ‘Doc’ Mullins (Tim Matheson) as he edges towards retirement and juggles caring for Hope (Annette O’Toole), Cam and Mel’s relationship soon veered outside of the workplace when the Netflix drama newbie expressed his concerns for Jack Sheridan (Martin Henderson). WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Virgin River season 4. Unfortunately for Cam, however, Mel stood loyal to Jack when her co-worker opened up about his feelings for her. Cam admitted he cared for Mel “more than he should” when Jack missed her sister Joey’s (Jenny Cooper) wedding. Jack’s absence was explained when Preacher (Colin Lawrence) found him asleep in his car outside a bar - despite Mel urging him to quit drinking. Dr Hayek explained his ex also used to drink heavily and it was her alcohol abuse which ultimately led to the breakdown in their relationship. READ MORE: Virgin River theory: Charmaine's twins' real father exposed after clue But Mel wasn’t open to entertaining Cam’s advances and told him they should simply remain co-workers and professional. She insisted Jack “isn’t like” Cameron’s former partner and by the time the season came to a close, Jack had gotten down on one knee. Mel accepted Jack’s proposal and as if wedding bells in their future weren’t enough, they also discovered he was the father of her unborn baby. But with Mel telling Doc she was stepping down from the clinic to let Cameron run things in the finale, it sounds like the charming doctor will be around Virgin River for a little while longer. So could his presence in the town prove to be an obstacle for Jack and Mel’s engagement moving forward? Since season four premiered, Breckenridge has now spoken out on fans’ fears. “I’m still unclear on whether or not he's set up and poised to take over the practice in case Doc can't work anymore," she explained to Entertainment Weekly. She went on: “He comes to town. He's charming and attractive, and the audience might worry that might pose a threat to the Mel and Jack of it all…” DON'T MISS:Virgin River season 4: Who is the father of Charmaine's twin babies?Is Calvin really dead in Virgin River?Who bailed Brady out in Virgin River season 4? However, Breckenridge did her best to assure fans Cameron won’t drive Jack and Mel apart. “But Mel's very loyal,” she added. “So I wouldn't worry about that too much." Could Breckenridge’s quotes mean there will be a happy ending for the Virgin River favourites? Or could the Netflix series lead star be planting a red herring for season five? Fans will have to wait until season five of Virgin River to find out for sure but Cameron isn’t the only challenge facing the newly engaged couple. In the last few moments of season four, Jack’s ex Charmaine (Lauren Hammersley) dropped the bombshell that her unborn twins weren’t his. Despite insisting Jack was the father for the past few seasons, Charmaine’s children’s father is now a major unknown in the world of Virgin River But how will Jack feel knowing he’s now not expecting twins in his life? Virgin River seasons 1-4 are available to stream on Netflix now.