A mix of new and familiar faces took to the Celebrity Gogglebox sofa on Friday as the series aired a special instalment marking the 50th anniversary of Pride in the UK. However, some Channel 4 viewers were left confused by some of the younger faces settling down on their sofas for a night of telly watching.    The cast of Heartstopper were just some of the famous faces making their Gogglebox debut. Stars of the Netflix hit Kit Connor, Joe Locke, Yasmin Finney and William Gao joined the sofa. RuPaul’s Drag Race UK queens Tia Kofi and Lawrence Chaney also took part. Musician Rebecca Lucy Taylor, known as Self Esteem, was on the sofa with queen Bimini Bon Boulash. Read more: Roman Kemp embarrasses Spandau Ballet dad Martin over 'sneaking' out    Gogglebox regulars including Rylan and his mother Linda, Nick Grimshaw and his niece Liv and Denise Van Outen and Duncan James also took to their sofas. But, some Gogglebox fans admitted they felt “old” as they struggled to recognise some of the famous faces. Nicola Westwood tweeted: “Who are Joe, Will, Yasmin & Kit pls? Am old, don’t know #CelebrityGogglebox.” (sic) Ansuya Patel echoed: “#CelebrityGogglebox who is anyone on here anymore?! I feel so old not knowing who half the people are maybe add a little profile on everyone under their names?? #justsaying #justaskin.”    Louise Smith shared: “I don't recognise most of the people on #CelebrityGogglebox tonight.” “I know I’m old because I have no idea who half the celebrities are on #CelebrityGogglebox,” Owain Reed agreed. However, Greg Phillips pointed out: “FFS … unless you watch every programme on tv there’s a fair chance you won’t know some of these people on #CelebrityGogglebox just don’t keep on about it.” Praising the line-up, Ian Brown wrote: “@Channel4 has turned #CelebrityGogglebox into #GayBox tonight. Hilarious commentators.” DON'T MISSWhy did Coronation Street's Maureen Lipman quit Celebrity Gogglebox? [INSIGHT]Carol Vorderman refuses to confirm if she's 'dominant' in the bedroom [VIDEO]Gogglebox fans ecstatic as Johnny Ball makes rare appearance [INSIGHT]    During the Pride special, the celebrities watched This Is My House, Big Boys and Scream. They also sang along to some highlights from this year’s Glastonbury festival. Meanwhile, on Friday’s The One Show, Rylan lightheartedly hit out at John Whaite, who appeared on Celebrity Gogglebox with Strictly Come Dancing partner Johannes Radebe. The TV chef revealed the TVs that they watch telly on for Gogglebox are tiny.    Rylan reprimanded John before adding: “I’ve got a [big] TV in front of me but you watch it on a 15-inch [screen] because it has to go through a certain system. “It’s also so your eyes aren’t wandering,” John explained. “If it’s a massive TV [your head would keep moving] so it’s a tiny little thing.” Celebrity Gogglebox continues on Channel 4 on Friday at 9pm.   