Today, Prince Harry gave a speech at the United Nations in New York to commemorate the life of activist and former President of South Africa, Nelson Mandela. The Duke of Sussex touched on his life's work and mentioned the work he and his wife, Meghan Markle, are going to campaign for action against climate change. The speech was mocked by Piers Morgan during his TalkTV show Uncensored after he claimed that Harry had become "miserable". Kicking off the show, Piers didn't hold back as his Prince Harry rant came in at full force: "Prince Harry has waded back into politics when nobody wanted him to. "Delivering, apparently, a keynote speech at the United Nations in New York to mark Nelson Mandela Day for reasons that completely baffle me. "I can't think of anybody less qualified of the eight billion inhabitants of our planet to talk about Nelson Mandela than Harry. "But anyway, he decided to do that and bang on about stuff like climate change," before a clip of the speech was played. READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes slams 'hypocritical' Prince Harry over climate change As the camera flipped back to Piers in the studio, he changed his voice as if to imitate Harry's and expressed: "'We are facing a global assault of democracy, you have all got to take climate change seriously.' "'Even if I use private jets like a taxi service, do you hear me, all of you, do you?' When did he become this miserable guy? "He is so miserable, pompous and Poe-faced! Oh, I know, it's when he met Meghan," he jibed. After the savage mocking of the Duke of Sussex, Piers spoke with Nelson Mandela's grandson Ndaba about what he thought of the speech. Piers asked: "There is a lot of speculation today about Prince Harry making the speech at the UN in New York on Mandela Day talking about your grandfather. "Do you think he was the right choice to make a keynote speech today that is getting so much attention?" Ndaba commented: "Our families do share a relationship, we have always been fond of Harry coming over to Johannesburg to support my grandfather over the years. "So for us, I mean, I believe if there is a platform to communicate something, I think anybody should be able to take the platform and be able to put the money where their mouth is." DON'T MISS...Prince Harry's Nelson Mandela speech questioned by Piers Morgan [LATEST] Meghan and Harry criticised by journalist for 'preaching' at UN [INSIGHT]Prince Harry mocked as picture emerges of near-empty UN crowd [WATCH] Piers went on to speak about the book that Harry and Meghan had written about their lives called Finding Freedom and was curious to see if Ndaba saw any parallels with his grandfather's book, The Long Walk to Freedom. Ndaba laughed at the assumption and exclaimed: "Of course not, there are no parallels at all. "You will see one is fighting for the dignity of black people as opposed to one finding their own identity outside a said institution, obviously, they are very different." Piers made one last dig before their conversation ended after he stated: "To put it mildly, your grandfather spent 27 years in a six-by-six prison cell. "It is a rather different struggle, some might argue, than the struggle that Harry and Meghan have had to leave a palace and go and live in a mansion." Prince Harry used his speech to tell the audience about his memories and love for Africa. He expressed: "It is where I have felt closest to my mother and sought solace after she died and where I knew I had found a soulmate in my wife. "It’s why so much of my work is based there.” Piers Morgan Uncensored airs Monday-Thursday from 8pm on TalkTV.