Jennifer Aniston, 53, had worked with camera man Gunnar Mortensen on the drama series The Morning Show, only to learn yesterday, to her horror, that he had died. The Friends icon heard the bad news during what had already been an emotionally intense week, after she publicly paid tribute to the acting prowess of her 88-year-old father John and went on a rant about the likes of Paris Hilton achieving fame. Taking to Twitter to deliver the bad news about her colleague, she wrote on her Instagram Stories: "This past week we suddenly and tragically lost Gunnar Mortensen. "One of our bright lights on the @themorningshow set. "As camera assistant, he was so skilled and dedicated to his job." She added: "In memory of Gunnar a page has been set up to help raise funds for his wife, Keely, and his 2-year-old son Lars during this difficult time." READ NOW: Ainsley Harriott threatens legal action after sister nearly drowned Thanks in part to Jennifer sharing the link with her more than 40 million followers, donations quickly flooded in, and the page surpassed its funding goal within just two days. The organisers had hoped to raise $20,000 but have already accumulated over $128,000 (around £107,000). Talented Gunner had been just 39 when the tragic accident happened on Highway 74 in California. He had worked on 81 different projects since his career first began and had served on the National Executive Board of the International Cinematographer's Guild. However, despite being rushed to a medical centre, he had died from his injuries less than an hour later. Meanwhile there was a double dose of poignancy for Jennifer when she was invited to discuss her feelings of bereavement for her father on the 2022 Daytime Emmy Awards. She appeared at the ceremony via video link to honour father John Aniston, who was originally born Yannis Anastassakis. John picked up a Lifetime Achievement Award for his 37-year stint of acting on the NBC show Days of Our Lives. DON'T MISS... Christian Horner admits 'problem' at home with Geri Halliwell [INSIGHT] Sharon Osbourne, 69, displays natural beauty after her face lift woes [LATEST] Ashley Roberts puts on braless display after showing off peachy rear [PHOTOS] This is truly a special moment for me," she declared emotionally. "It's an opportunity to not only pay tribute to a true icon in the daytime television world, but it's also a chance to recognise the lifelong achievements of a great and well-respected actor, who also happens to be my dad. "For over 30 years, his dedication to that show has gained him respect and admiration of his fellow actors, deep friendships, and thrilled millions of fans around the world," she praised. Jennifer added: "His career is literally the definition of lifetime achievement." Her glowing praise for him had a very different tone to her recent swipe at socialites such as Paris Hilton, whom she accused of being famous for "doing nothing". She spoke disparagingly about the Pamela Anderson and Tommy Lee sex tape which was infamously leaked back in the 90s, and which she felt sparked off the culture of fame for its own sake. “It was right at the time when the internet really shaped a new culture about people becoming famous,” she told Variety. “This thing of people becoming famous for basically doing nothing. I mean – Paris Hilton, Monica Lewinsky, all those.” She added that she felt it "diluted" the work that actors do.