Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag has three stars in contention for the captaincy if he eventually backtracks on his decision to stick with Harry Maguire. The Dutchman is working hard to bring in centre-back Lisandro Martinez who, if paired with Raphael Varane, could effectively leave Maguire side-lined and increase calls for the armband to change hands. In a press conference that saw Ten Hag asked tough questions about the future of the club, the captaincy became a key topic. Despite struggling for form and coming under intense scrutiny last term, Maguire looks set to continue for the time being after an early show of support from his new boss. "Harry Maguire is the captain," Ten Hag told reporters. "I have to get to know all of the players, that takes time, but he's an established captain for more than [two] years, he's achieved a lot of success, so I don't doubt about this issue." But all is not rosy in that department. Manchester Evening News claim that Cristiano Ronaldo aired concerns about Maguire's status as captain last season, and the Portuguese would sit among Bruno Fernandes and David De Gea as candidates to take the armband if he honours the final year of his contract. JUST IN: Chelsea learn salary offer already tabled for Kalidou Koulibaly as deal 'close' https://www.manchestereveningnews.co.uk/sport/football/man-united-news-captain-ronaldo-24462858 Ronaldo supposedly has admiration from United's younger contingent - including the likes of Jadon Sancho and Anthony Elanga - that Maguire cannot match. Meanwhile, his video message of support for the academy prospects was a huge hit before their FA Youth Cup win back in May. The Portuguese was, according to various reports, unafraid to voice his concerns during a tumultuous 2021/22 campaign, leading to claims that Maguire would be happy to see the back of the 37-year-old. Ronaldo is believed to favour an exit this summer as he goes in search of Champions League football, which may dent his chances of usurping Maguire even if he sticks around. READ MORE: Newcastle 'ready to smash' transfer record for Alexander Isak Bruno Fernandes allegedly 'would have pushed' for the captaincy if Maguire had been axed by Ten Hag early on. Fernandes may have been positioning to pounce on an unusual set of circumstances in which Ronaldo, considered the prime candidate by many, seems to be locking horns with the Red Devils over whether he will be allowed to leave this summer. Fernandes is a vocal team member who has put up good numbers since signing from Sporting Lisbon in 2019, but his output dropped off fairly dramatically last season and, at 27 years old, Ten Hag may feel as though more senior candidates would be deserving of the armband should he eventually opt against continuing with Maguire.  Many in and around the club supposedly feel as though David De Gea would be a worthy selection, and the 31-year-old veteran 'spoke like a leader' during United's rocky season last time out. The Spaniard has been at Old Trafford for well over a decade, and he is expected to surpass 500 appearances for the club during the upcoming campaign. It remains to be seen whether Ten Hag will change his tune on Maguire as the season progresses, and which of the three prime candidates would take the boss' fancy in such a scenario.