Due to the Euro 2022 final being aired on BBC One, Countryfile was set to be shown on BBC Two at 8:15pm to accommodate the Commonwealth Games. However, viewers were left annoyed and let down by the broadcaster after the show was delayed by 15 minutes. Taking to Twitter to express their fury at the BBC, Jane Amelia Parker asked: "Four channels of basic BBC yet THREE are showing sport this eve. "Where is @Countryfile? I am getting really fed up with this. Some of us aren’t interested @BBC @BBCSport @RadioTimes." @Drummergirl2000 fumed: "F*cking he’ll, stop f*cking about and get #Countryfile on." Mary Wood added: "Maybe a note on the TV screen to tell us of rescheduled times and when we can expect #Countryfile . It can't be beyond the technology." READ MORE: Emmerdale DNA twist as fans 'work out' father of Charity's baby Dick Barton commented: "Been looking forward to #Countryfile all day, and it's not on!?" Carl Draper exclaimed: "Put the f***ing sports on a separate channel and leave the damn schedule on BBC one and two alone #countryfile." @jacquline65lw quipped: "I’ve been looking forward to #Countryfile in Blairgowrie, where is it, and why is the swimming still on." Tonight's episode saw John Craven and Margherita Taylor visit Blairgowrie in Perth and Kinross to celebrate the town's passion for producing what are said to be among the finest raspberries in the world. Adam Henson had a busy day on the farm, including welcoming some new arrivals while trying to tame a mare with an attitude. Charlotte Smith investigated if the nation's farmers could still feed everyone despite big targets to free up land for nature. Pushing back the popular BBC programme was the Commonwealth Games, which bring nations together in a colourful celebration of sport and human performance. Some of the most memorable sporting moments in history took place at the Commonwealth Games, including Roger Bannister and John Landy becoming the first people to break the four-minute mile in a race. DON'T MISS...Countryfile fans baffled as Tom Heap ‘leaves gate open’ on bird farm [WATCH]Helen Skelton confirms new role away from BBC's Countryfile [LATEST]'BBC should be ashamed!' Countryfile viewers blast Brexit coverage [INSIGHT] Chantal Petitclerc became the first gold medal winner in a para-sport in 2002, an occasion that marked the first time an event for an athlete with a disability. And women’s boxing became a main event in the Commonwealth Games in 2014, with Team England’s Nicola Adams taking the first gold medal in the flyweight division. On day three, England finally added their tally to the medal table with Jake Jarman vaulting to his second Games. The 20-year-old rising star delivered a towering score of 15.3 on his favourite apparatus to seize the initiative. At the top of the table is Australia, who have picked up 17 Gold medals, nine Silver and 14 Bronze, giving them a total of 40. Following closely behind is England with nine Gold medals, 16 Silver and five Bronze, a total of 30. In third place is New Zealand with seven Gold medals, four Silver and two Bronze, giving them a total of 13. Countryfile airs Sunday from 8pm on BBC One.