Prince Harry and Meghan Markle started dating in 2016 and were married at Windsor Castle on May 19, 2018. Four years of marriage and two children later, astrologer Jessica Adams spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about the couple's compatibility. Speaking about Prince Harry, Jessica told Express.co.uk: "Set for September 15, 1984 at 4.20pm in Paddington shows Venus in Libra. "He will always be drawn to complicated relationships and expect intrigue, in-laws, drama and jealousy to be part of the mix - it provides the passion." She continued: "He is also strongly Scorpio (his father, Charles is a Sun Scorpio) with Pluto, Saturn and the Midheaven in the sign of sex, property, valuables, charity and money." Harry should expect a big change from August 11-22, according to the expert, involving a "legacy which names him, or his own legacy to his children and to Meghan". READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Kate Middleton's relationship is 'frosty' Jessica stated: "This goes all the way back to January 2004 when he was 20 years old." She claimed: "The other thing to say about Harry is that he is a born explorer, traveller and student of life. "He has a Sagittarius chart signature, despite being a Virgo, which suggests foreigners and foreign countries will always deliver what he wants; a total escape from the real world and tremendous excitement." The Prince once revealed that Botswana is somewhere he has gone to for a sense of "escapism" ever since his mum passed away. Jessica continued: "One foreign country will deliver an upheaval he can only experience once in his lifetime in May 2028. "Perhaps it will be America, if this is still a part of his world - he has at least one past life in America as shown by his chart." As for Duchess Meghan, who has a "strongly Libran chart", she thrives off her relationship with Prince Harry and their somewhat relationship with the world as a couple. Jessica claimed: "She can never be alone for long and thrives on duets, but also on duels. "It suits her nature to have herself and Harry against the world; it actually strengthens the marriage." But despite this strong foundation, Jessica believes that the happy couple have challenges ahead. READ MORE: 'The body does not lie': Inside Sophie Wessex & Edward's marriage "The biggest test of her bond with Harry comes from March 2027 to April 2035. "It's a variation of a seven-year itch and takes seven or eight years of willpower, if they're going to make it." Meghan was "born for courtship and needs a constantly renewed honeymoon period – all the time", according to the astrologer. Between 2022 and May 2024, the Duchess could face issues with money, property and family, claimed the expert - "but it will really be May 2024 that tests her the most". Jessica claimed: "The greatest challenge for this pair is wealth and charity. "They have what it takes to make a lot of money for a good cause, but fate dictates that serious challenges lie ahead." Like Harry, Meghan finds her "escape from the real world" through foreigners and foreign countries, and while Harry's is America, hers is Great Britain. Meghan is "strongly Leo, the sign of royalty" like fellow royals Princess Anne, the Queen Mother and Princess Beatrice. And it appears the stars are aligned for the mother of two as she was "born to have children", said Jessica. She was also "born to become involved in children’s causes and to be Queen to a younger court". While Meghan did step down as a senior royal in 2020, her destiny is one of queenliness: "The children will always see Meghan as ‘Queen’ and she has had at least one past life within palace walls, somewhere in the world." 