Mosquitoes and plenty of other biting bugs are plaguing Britons' homes this summer, with the hottest temperatures seen in years. The ongoing heat waves signal the return of a plethora of biting bugs, including mosquitoes, ticks, wasps and horseflies. These bugs can leave nasty, itchy bites, and while they are not usually harmful, they can be extremely painful and distressing. While there are chemical insecticides, it is typically best to try natural methods first. Mosquitoes are drawn to areas of dampness, but they can also be found in shady, protected areas. However, they have a major weakness - they rely on the sense of smell for many of their lifestyle choices. Homeowners can use this to their advantage and deter them from homes using strong scents that they hate. Thomas Matthews, the pest control expert behind Pest Samurai explained that garlic sprays can be made to control mosquitoes. He explained: “Garlic’s strong, pungent odour makes it one of the most effective insect repellents as they despise the scent.” READ MORE: Common house features that devalue your home by 20% - ‘quick to amend’ Experts at Mosquito Magnet agreed: “Mosquitoes won’t be able to stand the unappealing smell.” Thomas noted that this spray can be made in just a matter of minutes. He explained: “Crush a few garlic cloves and boil them in water for a few minutes. “Fill a spray bottle full with the solution and spray it around the area.” For those who like cooking with garlic, heat up your favourite garlic-laden dish when you notice the mosquitoes are starting to get bad. DON'T MISS: I tried a 65p hack to clean the top of my burnt metal toaster [TIPS]Boris Johnson: Where he may live with Carrie and children [INSIGHT]Common mistakes gardeners make during hot weather - how to avoid [EXPERT] Minced garlic is also an option to consider, which can be boiled in water as well. The sulphurs contained within the garlic extract have been shown to be effective against a wide range of insects, including mosquitoes, and the lingering odour can deter mosquitoes from the area for weeks. A pack of four garlic bulbs retail for 79p for a pack of four at Sainsbury’s and Tesco. This works out as 20p per bulb. Another scent mosquitoes “despise” are cloves and lemons. Thomas said: “Lemons and cloves are a tried and proven technique for keeping mosquitoes away from your house. READ MORE: Flower: Where to ‘avoid’ placing your fresh flowers - will ‘fade fast’ “Mosquitoes despise the scent of cloves and citrus fruits. “So, cut a lemon in half and insert cloves into both sides.” Keep plates of these cloves and lemons sliced throughout the area to keep mosquitoes away. It’s a mosquito repellent that’s both natural and safe to use indoors. Coffee grounds can act as an “efficient” pest-repellent. Coffee grounds can help repel mosquitoes as well as other insects such as wasps and bees. The technique is to burn coffee grounds. The pest control expert explained: “The heat causes the coffee grounds to generate an odour that instantly repels insects. “Mosquitoes are susceptible to scents and will no longer approach your area. “Make sure you’re doing it in a secure location where it won’t injure someone or start a fire.”