Martin Lewis has warned of a further staggering rise to energy bills this year as the cost of living crisis continues to batter Britain. The money saving expert took to Twitter today with the latest insights on how much your bills will rise this autumn, and it’s safe to say Britons will be in for a hard winter. Mr Lewis, who broke the news on Twitter this afternoon, said “I feel sick writing this” as he delivered the latest energy price prediction. Bills are forecast to go up by 64 percent in October, typically costing the average household £3,244 per year. Cornwall Insight experts have predicted the Ofgem energy price cap could rise from today’s record £1,971 to £3,245 in October. The firm also predicts a further rise to £3,364 at the start of next year. READ MORE: British Gas customers could get £1,500 off energy bills - apply now In its June 22 forecast, the energy consultancy firm estimated bills would rise to £2,981 in October, and £3,003 in January. The figures from Cornwall Insight show the price cap for the average household could go up in January by £360 more than previously thought.Last winter, the price cap was set at £1,277. The news comes after a 54 percent rise in bills in April, which has already put significant strain on millions of UK households. The predictions given by Cornwall Insight are an estimate for average households, and will not necessarily reflect the exact amount you will have to pay for your energy per year. If you use more energy than this, you will be charged more, and vice versa. The predictions also don’t take into account former Chancellor Rishi Sunak’s multi-billion pound support package, in which every UK household will receive £400 to help pay their energy bills. DON'T MISSSteve Baker vows to tear up UK's energy plans: 'Disaster' [REPORT]Faulty boiler warning: signs you could be hit by soaring energy bills [INSIGHT]Germany financial crash risk: Biggest Eurozone economy rocked [REPORT] Vulnerable people, including the elderly, benefits claimants and some others will get a boosted payment up of more than £1,000. Dr Craig Lowrey, from Cornwall Insight, said: “As the energy market continues to grapple with global political and economic uncertainty, the corresponding high wholesale prices, and the UK’s continued reliance on energy imports has once again seen predictions for the domestic consumer Default Tariff Cap rise to what are even more unaffordable levels. “There is always some hope that the market will stabilise and retreat in time for the setting of the January cap. “However, with the announcement of the October cap only a month away, the high wholesale prices are already being “baked in” to the figure, with little hope of relief from the predicted high energy bills. “Ofgem are continually reviewing the cap and there are a raft of consultations and potential reforms which could impact these forecasts. “However, as it stands, energy consumers are facing the prospect of a very expensive winter.” Cornwall Insight blamed ongoing uncertainty regarding Russian gas flows into continental Europe as being the main driver of high energy prices. More recent concerns such as the halted strike by Norwegian gas workers, have also helped push up wholesale prices that are ultimately passed on to consumers.