Mr Johnson announced last week that he will leave his post as Tory leader and Prime Minister in October. Various politicians and media outlets across Europe have celebrated his departure as the face of the Brexit campaign. German website Der Spiegel went even further in its analysis of the outgoing PM. In a staunch attack on Mr Johnson, the newspaper branded the Prime Minister a "bulls*r" and argued the Prime Minister "bears the main responsibility" for the Brexit "disaster". They wrote: "Johnson was and is a born bulls*r: a man who does not have an intimate relationship with the truth, to put it mildly, someone who always says whatever he thinks is useful at the moment. "Without Johnson as front man, the campaign for Britain's exit from the EU would probably have failed. He bears, in that sense, the main responsibility for this disaster. "From Boris' mouth, the slogan 'Let's Take Back Control' sounded only half as threatening, more like funny cynicism. "The Brexiteers promised not only a lot of money for the state health system NHS, which would be available in the future because the transfers to Brussels would be saved, but also, thanks to Johnson, a better political show. "All the stodgy experts and worrywarts who warned against an EU exit by presenting complicated model calculations of the impending loss of prosperity seemed even paler in comparison." They added: "Instead of shining brightly as Global Britain, another Johnson slogan, the country now finds itself thrown into the grim reality of the 21st century: a world where the power play of the great powers makes the rules. Britain is far too small to play a significant role in this situation. Within the EU, on the other hand, the British could have gained much more influence, especially in the conflict with Russia. And the EU could have used the help from London, because we too are ill-equipped for this new world disorder. But a return to the EU is not in sight. Not even the opposition Labour Party wants to reverse Brexit. "All this is tragic. And it is completely unnecessary." Mr Johnson has declined to back any of the candidates vying to replace him as Conservative Party leader, suggesting his support could be damaging. The Prime Minister declined on Monday to give his public backing to any of the candidates running to succeed him as Tory leader after an extraordinary few days in Westminster that saw him unseated by an unprecedented revolt from within his own party. Mr Johnson, during a visit to the Francis Crick Institute, waved away questions over whether he felt "betrayed" by his own MPs, instead pledging to faithfully follow the established constitutional role of a caretaker Prime Minister. READ MORE: Liz Truss launches bid to become PM and outlines key policy  "I don't want to say any more about all that," he said. "There's a contest under way and, you know, I wouldn't want to damage anybody's chances by offering my support." Mr Johnson also insisted the outcome of the bid to replace him "will be good" despite multiple candidates having worked to oust him. "The constitutional function of the Prime Minister in this in this situation is to discharge the mandate, to continue to discharge the mandate. And that's what I'm doing," he said. Candidates to be the next Tory leader, and therefore Prime Minister, are currently offering their visions for the party, with rivals arguing over promises of "fantasy tax cuts". Mr Johnson appeared in a cheerful mood during his outing at the Francis Crick Institute, which has just been provided £1 billion of investment. During a walkaround of the labs, the Prime Minister was shown a range of equipment, including electron microscopes, a nuclear magnetic resonance machines and a diamond knife. DON'T MISS:Ann Widdecombe slams Sunak over tax policy [VIDEO]The three Tory Party candidates who will anger EU most [ANALYSIS]Sunak campaign reacts to Boris' revenge as race to be PM turns nasty [INSIGHT] "You have your own diamond knife?" he asked scientists. "Do you mark them in the canteen?" he joked. The process to replace Mr Johnson continues apace, with the 1922 Committee of backbench MPs electing a new executive committee on Monday, before drawing up a timetable for the leadership contest. An announcement on the schedule for the leadership campaign is expected to follow later in the evening. The process could be tightened so the final two candidates can be voted for by Tory MPs before the Commons enters the summer recess on July 21. That would give the chosen pair the summer to campaign for the backing of Conservative Party members, who ultimately select the next Prime Minister. Mr Johnson was unwilling to discuss in detail the events of recent days, instead looking ahead to his final few weeks in No 10. Additional reporting by Monika Pallenberg