Inflation means pockets are being hard hit as prices soar in a cost of living crisis. The last study of inflation showed the measure at 9.4 percent, a 40 year high according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS). It has caused worries for many, but especially pensioners, many of whom are on a limited income having left the workforce. Express.co.uk spoke to Christine Ross, Head of Private Office - North at Handlesbanken Wealth Management, who touched upon the matter. She highlighted that even pensioners who are thought of as having a “good deal” could be feeling the impact of inflation, regardless. Ms Ross explained: “The issue of inflation is one which is preoccupying people a lot right now - especially retired people. READ MORE: WASPI women demand answers from Rishi Sunak and Liz Truss “We’ve had historically low inflation for many years now, but even for those who have pensions with pay rises, these are usually capped at five percent. “But look at where we are now - nearly 10 percent. So even those with a gold plated pension are suffering. “Relatively few people have an open ended inflation guarantee.” However, Ms Ross expressed her belief that inflation is not going to remain at its present level for a long time. DON'T MISS‘We should have the same!’ Woman, 67, laments frozen state pension [VIDEO]Barclays issues warning as Britons lose £1.5million to vicious scam [WARNING]Pensioners may be eligible for 15 ‘freebies’ from DWP [INSIGHT] Instead, she has predicted easing some time in the future. She continued: “The Bank of England has had a two percent inflation target set for many years, but we see it peaking this year. “It is then likely to settle down afterwards. Maybe the target will be around three to five percent. “We don’t see a return to the target. But it won’t stay where it is. “Inflation is a mathematical fact, it is contributed to by issues such as furlough, COVID-19 and other economic disruptions. READ MORE: Pensioners may be able to get state pension top up plus £650 boost “But these do not last forever, and the bottle necks we’ve seen recently will start to ease.” Ms Ross has said attempting to beat inflation can be a challenge, and that there is no silver bullet. However, there are ways Britons can help themselves to grow their funds. Firstly, keeping all money in a cash savings account is not likely to be a good idea in the current climate. The vast majority of savings accounts are failing to even remotely keep pace with inflation, and so it may be more beneficial to try investment. However, there is risk involving investments and Britons could get less back than they originally put in as the value of investments can go up and down. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Investment is also usually a long-term endeavour, and it is important to have some liquid cash at one’s disposal for emergencies. Ms Ross stated that to avoid inflation eroding money, using a myriad of monetary tools is likely to help. She suggested Britons look towards their tax allowances such as capital gains, and ISA allowances as much as possible. However, Ms Ross concluded by urging Britons not to worry about the future in a way that could be to their detriment. She added: “Part of financial planning in retirement is looking at how people view their wealth and savings. Review this. “Don’t be spooked by inflation - it’ll be higher for a while, but not in double digits in the long term.”