Meghan Markle and her husband Prince Harry have reportedly declined an invitation to spend time at Balmoral — Queen Elizabeth II’s Scottish royal residence. Her Majesty left her home in Windsor last week to begin her ten-week stay in Aberdeenshire. Other members of the Royal Family are expected to join the monarch for short breaks over the next few months. The Sun reported that the list of invitees included Meghan, Harry and their children. However, PageSix has since reported that the Duke and Duchess of Sussex were not invited and will not be crossing the pond this summer. The couple returned to the UK last month for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. It marked the first time that Meghan and Harry had returned to the prince’s home country together with their two children — Archie and Lilibet. READ MORE: Harry 'not welcomed' by Anne and Sophie Wessex at Philip's funeral — unearthed accounts It is over two years since they stepped down from their senior roles within the Firm, a move that sent shockwaves through the Royal Family. In the time since, Meghan and Harry have taken part in TV interviews, drip-feeding information about their reasons for leaving. In February 2021, Harry appeared on ‘The Late Late Show’ and told host James Corden that the intense media attention contributed to their departure. The couple faced a media frenzy as soon as their relationship came to light, and while Harry was “furious” about their romance becoming public. In the 2022 Channel 5 documentary, ‘Harry & Meghan Vs The Monarchy’, royal commentator Ashley Pearson said Harry was “incandescent and furious” about the leak, but others suggested Meghan felt “somewhat bittersweet” about the leak, her biographers Omid Scobie and Carolyn Durand claiming a part of her was “relieved”. In their 2020 book ‘Finding Freedom’, Mr Scobie and Ms Durand wrote: “The following day Meghan felt somewhat bittersweet about the situation. “On the one hand, she was disappointed that their secret was out. It was no longer just the two of them.” They added: “While Meghan, before she met Harry, had occasionally set up a paparazzi photo here and there or let info slip out to the press, she did everything in her power to protect the privacy of her relationship with the prince. DON'T MISS: Queen has NEVER lived in most important home due to Princess Beatrice [REVEAL] 'Arrogance and hubris is staggering' Meghan savaged over move to US [REACTION] Queen could 'intervene' to ensure Harry and Meghan visit Balmoral [INSIGHT] “She knew that keeping things quiet meant that they could get to know each other without pressure or further worries that came from reporters covering and commenting on their burgeoning romance. “But there was also a part of her that was relieved. She had struggled to keep the secret from friends and colleagues (only a handful of castmates and production staff at Suits knew) and didn’t like lying about the purpose of her trips to London.” A year after their romance became public, the couple were engaged. It was announced in November 2017, and in line with tradition, the pair sat down for their first joint interview. They reflected on the “good five, six months” spent dating in secret, with the Duchess saying the privacy was “amazing” and gave them “so much time just to connect”, admitting that they “never went longer than two weeks without seeing each other” despite the long distance involved. Both admitted to not being fully prepared for the media storm that came their way. Meghan said: “I did not have any understanding of just what it would be like. “I don't think either of us did, we both said that even though we knew that it would be.” Harry added: “ I tried to warn you as much as possible but I think both of us were totally surprised by the reaction after the first five, six months where we had to ourselves of what actually happened from then. “So I think you can have as many conversations as you want and try and prepare as much as possible. “But we were totally unprepared for what happened after that.” ‘Finding Freedom’ was written by Omid Scobie and Carolyn Durand and published by HQ in 2020. You can buy it here.