Al (played by Michael Wildman) is currently in the midst of an affair with Chas Dingle (Lucy Pargeter), having been a shoulder for her to cry on when she discovered her mother Faith Dingle (Sally Dexter) had terminal cancer on Emmerdale. The pair are continuing to betray their respective partners Paddy Kirk (Dominic Brunt) and Kerry Wyatt (Laura Norton) but what Chas might not even realise is her lover is also seeing Meena Jutla (Paige Sandhu) and has been since the beginning of the year. With a possible second affair emerging in upcoming scenes on the ITV soap, will the businessman ever learn his lesson? Meena made her exit from the weeknight serial drama earlier this year, as she was sentenced to 75 years in prison for the crimes she committed in the village. After she had one final encounter with her sister, Manpreet Sharma (Rebecca Sarker), it was thought she would never have been seen again. No one in the village talks about her now but it could be Al has been making secret visits to her in prison as he fails to commit to one relationship. Before her true colours were exposed earlier this year, the businessman could have found himself attracted to the young woman. This could have formed when he almost caused her death by blowing up The Woolpack on Christmas Day and before she left the village when her secret was revealed, they could have slept together. READ MORE: Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen 'isolated' at Ravenseat It might have just been the once but that would have been enough for Al to fall under her spell, even if she did try to kill his former stepson, Billy Fletcher (Jay Kontzle). They might not have physically seen each other following their night together but after she was sentenced to life in prison, she could have made the call to Al. In a relationship with Kerry, the businessman could have had reservations about seeing Meena as he was trying to turn over a new leaf. The fact he had discovered she was a serial killer could have also been a concern but he might have liked that dangerous side of her. Meeting face to face, Al could have realised that the connection between them was still there and he could have been seeing Meena every week since. Not wanting to let her go, even if she was behind bars, Al could have promised to continue their affair, even if it meant they couldn't be physical. This would have included him showering her with compliments, flirting with her and even telling her she did nothing wrong. With the two villains linked, it would make a horrific double act, especially if Meena decided she wanted to break out of prison so she could be with her lover completely. This is where the hints about her returning for the show's 50th anniversary in October could come into play as she could break out of jail after she and Al plan to run away together. However, with the businessman still with Kerry and tied up in another affair with Chas, he could start to have second thoughts. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale’s Jay Kontzle stunned as wife unveils third pregnancy [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Gemma Oaten forced to have ‘all her top teeth removed’ [COMMENT]Laura Norton weight loss: The big changes that saw TV star lose 3st [ANALYSIS] Instead of hiding in the shadows, Meena could prepare to kill Al as she makes herself known to the villagers, including Billy. Could it be another bloodbath as she takes revenge on her lover for betraying her, bringing their plans to work together to a halt? Teasing a return to the show sometime in the future, the actress who played Meena, Paige, has said: "I definitely feel like anything could happen for the 50th. "It's Emmerdale after all. We're going to go big! She's bad. There's no redemption for her! She's a psychopath, but I think we can love her for that. "I mean I definitely want to carry on doing stories with Rebecca Sarker, who plays Manpreet because she's such a great actress and we have such fun together." "So anything with her I'd be up for," the actress told RadioTimes.com so could Manpreet try to stop her sister from killing someone else? Most recently, both Paige and the actor who plays Al, Michael, were long-list nominees for the Inside Soap Magazine Awards. Both of their characters are up for the Best Villain but viewers could see this double act working together in the future. Taking to Twitter in response to the news, a fan of the show Mrs Munson 666 wrote on Twitter: "#emmerdale am I only the one who was totally waiting for these two characters to get together after Meena split from David?" However, this isn't the first time viewers have called for the two villains to have an affair. Following Meena's introduction in 2020, fans were adamant the two characters were going to have an affair, with 'ave some luck writing: "Al might have been able to resist Chas but Meena? I don't think Al has it in him to stay loyal for a second time. This is Emmerdale after all." With Al in a relationship with Priya Sharma (Fiona Wade) at the time, Mary added: "I'd be very careful Priya. Before you blink Meena will be with Al #Emmerdale." Michelle posted: "How did wooden Al escape Meena’s murderous clutches? #emmerdale," but could this have been because they were having an affair? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.