Question of Sport is back with a brand new season kicking off tonight [Friday, July 22], at 9.30pm on BBC One. This premiere episode will be a Women's Euros Special as Northern Ireland's top goalscorer Rachel Furness and former England football international Anita Asante among others are in the studio. There have been some major changes, however, in terms of casting, which sees a new host and team captains take to the stage. Phil Tufnell and former rugby union star Matt Dawson had been opposing team captains on Question of Sport for 13 years. They led their respective teams under the watchful eye of the BBC show's host Sue Barker who recently announced her retirement following this year's Wimbledon. She had been in the presenter's chair for 24 years before she, along with Tufnell and Dawson left the popular sports show. All three were let go by the BBC as the channel decided to take Question of Sport in a new direction. READ MORE: Amanda Owen speaks out on new role ‘Jumped at the chance’ Tufnell, Dawson and Barker's final episode aired in September 2020, signalling the end of an era for the show. At the time, a spokesperson for the BBC said: "We would like to thank Sue for her enormous contribution as the show's longest-reigning host over the last 24 years, and Matt and Phil for their excellent team captaincy. "Together they have ensured Question of Sport remains a firm favourite with the BBC One audience." More than a year on and Tufnell finally spoke out about them being axed from the series. Tufnell told the Telegraph: "I was really enjoying myself [on the show]. It wasn't like going to work. "It was just turning up and having a good time with your mates. "And then, they sort of said, 'Right, okay, we're going to take it in a new direction'. And we sort of went, 'Oh, crikey. That's a shame.' "But there you go. I was quite philosophical about it. If you do anything for 13 or 14 years, you've had a pretty good stab at it. "And so I was like, 'Okay, thanks for the memories'. And looking back on it, I loved every single minute. I haven't got a bad word to say." DON'T MISS...Death in Paradise spin-off: Has filming started on Beyond Paradise? [FILMING]Death in Paradise in calls for Josephine Jobert to replace Ralf Little [CAST]Deborah James' final goodbye in pictures after star's cancer death [GALLERY] Tufnell occasionally now appears on BBC Sport to commentate on cricket games. He is currently focusing on his podcast The Vaughany and Tuffers Cricket Club, along with fellow ex-English cricketer Michael Vaughan. A new episode comes out every Wednesday and is available to stream on Spotify. While Tufnell, Dawson and Barker no longer make up the cast, the show must go on. Question of Sport is now hosted by former Take Me Out presenter Paddy McGuinness. Joining as one of the team captains is Olympic gold field hockey player Sam Quek. She is regularly competing against former English rugby union player and Strictly Come Dancing star Ugo Monye. Question of Sport continues every Friday at 8.30pm on BBC One.