Nick Kyrgios has responded after Stefanos Tsitsipas branded him a "bully" following their four-set epic at Wimbledon. The Aussie defeated the top seed 6-7(2) 6-4 6-4 7-6(7) and has since claimed that the Greek is "not liked" on tour. Kyrgios dispatched the fourth seed in the third round of Wimbledon in what was his second win over Tsitsipas in less than three weeks. The fiery clash saw both men receive code violations with the world No 40 arguing with the umpire and the Greek star sending a ball into the stands in frustration. After the match, the Greek was the first man into his post-match press conference and accused his opponent of being a "bully" as he said: "It's constant bullying, that's what he does. He bullies the opponents. He was probably a bully at school himself. I don't like bullies." And Kyrgios has now responded, claiming that it was Tsitsipas himself who created a "circus" during their match while taking a dig at the 23-year-old for being "not liked" in the locker room. "I don't know what to say. I'm not sure how I bullied him. He was the one hitting balls at me, he was the one that hit a spectator, he was the one that smacked it out of the stadium," the 27-year-old said.  JUST IN: Rafael Nadal speaks out after fiery exchange with Wimbledon opponent  "I didn't do anything. I was actually like -- apart from me just going back and forth to the umpire for a bit, I did nothing towards Stefanos today that was disrespectful, I don't think. I was not drilling him with balls. I don't know. I don't know what to say. Like what do you think?" And Kyrgios threw in an extra dig at his opponent, adding: "I would be pretty upset if I lost to someone two weeks in a row, as well. Maybe he should figure out how to beat me a couple more times first and then get to that." The former quarter-finalist was also told that his opponent branded the match a "circus" and he responded: "I feel great. I don't know what he's -- like, the circus was all him today. I actually felt great. I feel great physically now. I'm ready to go again if I need to play again tomorrow." And Kyrgios made some bold claims about the world No 5 as he accused him of having "issues" while claiming he had no friends on tour. "I just think he's making that match about me, like he's got some serious issues, like serious," he stated. DON'T MISS Stefanos Tsitsipas thunders ball at Nick Kyrgios and hits fan twiceNadal labelled as ‘prima donna’ by Navratilova at WimbledonKyrgios 'threatens' umpire and warns of backlash as match turns ugly   "I'm good in the locker room. I've got many friends, just to let you know. I'm actually one of the most liked. I'm set. He's not liked. Let's just put that there." And the hits kept on coming as Kyrgios branded Tsitsipas "soft". He continued: "If he's affected by that today, then that's what's holding him back, because someone can just do that and that's going to throw him off his game like that. I just think it's soft." The 27-year-old also thought his opponent wouldn't have it in him to address his issues in the locker room as he accused Tsitsipas of a frosty handshake. "He's never doing that. I just don't understand what I did -- I don't know what I did today. To start there, I actually don't know what I -- like I did nothing towards him. I didn't think I was aggressive towards him. I wasn't hitting balls at his face. I don't know. I don't know what the big -- I didn't feel like there was any anger. I had no anger towards Stef today on the match. I don't know where it's coming from, to be honest."  