Meghan Markle and Prince Harry have a tough challenge on their hands in deciding how best to use the huge platform they inherited on quitting royal life, according to Royally US host Christina Garibaldi. The royal commentator believes the couple will suffer future "missteps" as they try to work out where best to focus their energies, amid a sense the couple are "definitely getting a little bit more political." Ms Garibaldi told Royally Us: "They are definitely getting a little bit more political, trying to still feel find their niche of what they want to do post royal life. "It seems like they're still trying to figure it out." Royally Us co-host Christine Ross continued: "I think that they are really, they're trying to figure it out. "But they have this massive platform but a completely blank slate with what to do with it. READ MORE: Beatrice and Eugenie 'healing rifts quietly' with Harry and Meghan  Ms Garibaldi added: "I know exactly which avenue do we want to kind of go down and I think they'll figure it out. "There will be some missteps along the way, and I think a lot of people are kind of like, why are they at the UN? Why are they doing this? "But yes, I think that like we said they have this blank slate and they're trying to figure out where they kind of fit into everything." It comes after Prince Harry spoke on Monday at the United Nations about seeking insight from the late Nelson Mandela during a time of global uncertainty and urged countries to take action on climate change.   Accompanied by his wife Meghan, Duchess of Sussex, the couple held hands as they walked into U.N. headquarters in New York City to mark Nelson Mandela International Day, held annually on the former South African president's birthday. In the UN General Assembly hall, Harry spoke about the threats from Russia's invasion of Ukraine, what he called the reversal of constitutional rights in the United States and the "weaponizing" of lies and disinformation. "We are witnessing a global assault on democracy and freedom - the cause of Mandela's life," he said. Mandela became South Africa's first Black president in 1994 after spending 27 years in prison during apartheid. He died in 2013 aged 95, but remains an icon for his struggle against apartheid and message of reconciliation. DON'T MISS: Meghan and Harry's appearance 'paint a thousand words' claims host [INSIGHT] The Crown's timeline extended to 'pave way for' Harry and Meghan [REVEAL] Harry and Meghan under pressure over Netflix reality show [REPORT] Harry warned about the impact of climate change on Africa and the world. "This crisis will only grow worse, unless our leaders lead, unless the countries represented by the seats in this hallowed hall make the decisions - the daring, transformative decisions - our world needs to save humanity," he said. Harry spoke about a 1997 photo taken in Capetown of Mandela and his late mother Diana, Princess of Wales, which he said hangs on his wall. "When I first looked at the photo, straight away, what jumped out was the joy on my mother's face. The playfulness, cheekiness even, pure delight to be in communion with another soul, so committed to serving humanity," he said.