Hair loss can be the result of genetic processes that cannot be thwarted. However, this is not always the case. Lifestyle decisions can drive hair loss and some may come as a surprise. According to Eva Proudman MIT IAT, Chairman of The Institute of Trichologists, you should "be aware" of taking vitamin and mineral supplements. She singles out vitamin A supplements as one of the main culprits. "Whilst good for healthy eyes and vision, if taken at too high levels vitamin A can lead to hair thinning and hair loss," the hair loss expert warned. This warning is echoed in a review published in the journal Dermatology and Therapy. The review states: "Studies show that too much vitamin A can contribute to hair loss, as can too much selenium, although more studies are needed to establish the latter relationship." READ MORE: Hair loss treatment: The natural oil shown to boost hair count by 40% within 'weeks' Selenium is an essential component of various enzymes and proteins. Conversely, not getting enough of important food groups can also drive hair loss, warned Ms Proudman. "The hair really needs protein to be healthy, if you have a low protein diet then again you can find that this will adversely affect the overall hair health," she said. What's more, a very common condition called "telogen effluvium", which is a disruption to the normal hair growing and shedding cycle, often has low protein intake as on the many causative factors, warned Ms Proudman. DON'T MISSErectile dysfunction: The surprising activity that might put you at risk [ADVICE]Prostate cancer: 10 symptoms that signal a growing tumour [TIPS]Covid: Patient with BA.5 variant details unusual symptoms [INSIGHT] Milk and dairy foods, such as cheese and yoghurt, are good sources of protein. Beans, pulses, fish, eggs, and meat are also good sources of protein. As Ms Proudman explains, simple carbohydrates which are found in confectionery, syrups, sugar, concentrated fruit juices, lots of fruits and many baked goods and cereals, can increase sebum production. Sebum is the natural oil that protects the scalp and helps to moisturise the hair. "We have the largest amount of sebaceous glands on the scalp compared to anywhere else on the body. Sebum is beneficial to hair health, but if it is over produced then it can lead to inflammation and scalp irritation that can then be detrimental to the hair health," warned Ms Proudman. "Try to choose complex carbohydrates, fruits that have complex carbohydrates are strawberries, apples, pears, grapefruit." In terms of vegetables, the hair loss expert recommends broccoli, peas, courgettes, asparagus, wholemeal bread, brown rice and wholewheat pasta. These are also "better choices as they contain complex carbohydrates compared to the white breads, rice’s and pastas", Ms Proudman said. There are things you can try if your hair loss is causing you distress. But most treatments are not available on the NHS, so you'll have to pay for them. Finasteride and minoxidil are the main treatments for male pattern baldness. Male pattern baldness, also called androgenic alopecia, is the most common type of hair loss in men.