 Thankfully, Eaton, 85, has not had to suffer anything as awful sounding as suffocation by gold in real life. In a throwback interview with the Daily Mail, the actress said: “Apart from childbirth, I haven’t really had to suffer much pain.” The actress has overall aged well, although she admitted she has been “slowed” by the onset of arthritis in the interview.  Eaton said: “I have a touch of arthritis in my legs which has slowed me down. “I don’t do anything to keep fit now, but staying in shape is in the genes. “I used to swim twice a week for a long time but gave that up about ten years ago.” READ MORE: Monkeypox symptoms: Expert warns early signs might be ‘easy to miss’ - what to look for  Although people with arthritis are recommended to do regular exercise to keep on top of their conditions, Eaton said back then that she instead treats her ailments with a mix of blood pressure tablets and painkillers. Her modest approach to dealing with arthritis seems to fit into her wider outlook in life. She is well aware that life will come with bumps in the road, but doesn’t get too affected by them – too much. “I go with the philosophy that every day can’t be tops,” she said. DON'T MISSAsda employee shares red flag skin cancer symptom [INSIGHT]Statins: The sign around your eyes - 'check' with doctor [ADVICE]Sean Connery's widow on star's 'devastating' dementia [INSIGHT]  Around the time of the interview, the actress was grieving a best friend. She also lost a husband when he was 64 due to cancer. Despite the losses, she affirms that she is “very grounded” and has been so for her whole life. That being said, she admitted that her sleep has been affected ever since her husband died over 20 years ago. READ MORE: Monkeypox: 'No clear evidence epidemic is coming under control' - signs of infection  She said she receives eight hours of sleep, but not all in one go. In the medical literature, it is controversial how many hours of sleep we really need. However, it is well recognised that waking at the same time every day will actually help you to sleep better at night. The star also said she doesn’t drink any alcohol anymore, which she said she quit at the age of forty. This could be helping her to age well. Soon after her 2014 interview, she did some modelling in the same golden paint, with pictures taken by the Daily Mail.   She said of the pictures: “If you are young in spirit as I am, age is just a number. I have a few more wrinkles, of course, but there you go.” Living with arthritis can be difficult, as Eaton has experienced.But the NHS has identified several factors that can help. Keeping up with healthy eating – a diet consisting of all five food groups (fruit and veg, starchy foods, meat, dairy, fats and sugars) – can help maintain a healthy weight, which can help with arthritis. Exercise can also help to increase muscle strength, reduce stiffness of your joints and improve mobility. 