Jeremy Clarkson, 62, claimed that the BBC has a “secretive” organisation that pays some of its stars’ salaries and does not have to publish them. The Top Gear presenter addressed the recent controversy surrounding the broadcaster’s top on-screen earners list. Earlier this month, the corporation released a report that included Gary Lineker and Zoe Ball among its highest paid stars. The report was met with backlash from viewers who criticised the astronomical sums the stars were getting paid. Now, Jeremy has suggested broadcasting legend Sir David Attenborough’s salary could be even higher than Gary’s. The presenter also claimed some stars could also be getting their salary from the “secretive BBC Studios” to avoid scrutiny from the public. According to the Clarkson’s Farm star, the organisation does not have to disclose the cash it pays its stars. Explaining his experience with fame, which he described as an “open prison”, Jeremy said his salary was paid by the BBC Studios. He said: “And, to make it worse, the BBC is forced to publish your salary so that people in the street can sneer at you and point out that old people are starving to death so they can afford to pay the licence fee. “Perhaps that’s why there’s no mention of Sir David Attenborough in the published salary list. “There’s no way in hell he’s paid less than Gary Lineker. “But to make sure we don’t know what he’s on, which may expose the national treasure to ridicule, he’ll get his cash from the secretive BBC Studios — an organisation that doesn’t have to publish salary information.” Jeremy concluded in his column for The Sun: “How do I know this? Ha. "Because that’s what I used to do.” Express.co.uk has contacted the BBC for comment. DON'T MISS...Paul O'Grady inundated with support after falling ill [INSIGHT]Declan Donnelly celebrates arrival of 'wonderful' baby son with wife [LATEST]Fern Britton admits painful health woes are worsening in her 60s [HEALTH] Gary was paid between £1,350,000 and £1,354,999 in 2021/2022 for work including Match Of The Day and Sports Personality Of The Year. Despite the astronomical figures, the presenter’s pay check saw a reduction of £10,000 from the previous year. He first topped the list for 2017/18 with a pay bracket of £1,750,000 to £1,759,999, and in 2020 it was announced he had taken a voluntary pay cut. Zoe Ball is the BBC’s second-highest-paid star, with a salary of £980,000 to £984,999. BBC Breakfast presenter Naga Nunchetty has been one of the broadcaster’s talents to have received a pay rise. Her staggering salary increase of £110,000 means she now receives a massive £365,000 a year for her role on the morning show. Naga's increase is the second-highest, with Amol Rajan leading the way in first place. Radio 1 DJ Greg James joined the top 10 list for the first time, earning between £390,000 and £394,999.