 Bravo’s dramatic show, Below Deck Mediterranean made its highly anticipated return on Monday with its seventh season of the yachting series. Throughout the premiere, fans hinted at a potential romance between Natasha Webb and chef Dave White, which the two recently addressed.   After episode one got off to a rocky start with the loss of the yacht’s stabilisers, things began to pick up in the second instalment I’ve Got a Sea-cret. Fans got to know the show’s newest Chef Dave White after guests didn’t enjoy his dishes and made sure everyone knew. Outside of the kitchen, viewers and the other crew members took note of Dave openly flirting with chief stew Natasha Webb. The pair had a close connection which also made their colleagues believe that they were dating. READ MORE: Lizzie Cundy savages Harry and Meghan's security demands  Towards the end of the episode as the crew were enjoying a meal, stew Natalya Scudder quizzed Dave about him and Natasha. He revealed that he wanted to have a relationship with the chief stew - however, she had turned him down. Speaking to the producers, Dave went into more detail and revealed they had a fling which Natasha wanted to keep a secret. The trailer for the upcoming episode hinted things between the two could be even more complicated as it appeared Natasha was in a relationship, when and met Dave.   During the teaser, she shared: “When I joined my last boat, the relationship wasn't in a good place." Dave explained: "On our old boat, me and Tash, we got on, we got on really well “It was immediate, it was a flame, it was firing,” he added. Although it appeared Dave was ready to tell his friends about him and Natasha, she wanted their fling to remain a secret. DON'T MISS...'He didn't like me' Fern Britton opens up on 'difficult' TV co-star[INSIGHT]Where are the cast of Only Fools and Horses now? [INSIGHT]Below Deck's Gabriela speaks out on being separated from Wes [INSIGHT]  As he could be heard saying: “I think he wants to release this secret, but I don't want people to know and judge us, it's kind of my business.” However, things took a sour turn for Natasha and Dave during a night out, when they clashed in front of the crew. Dave noticed she was having fun and engaging in flirty banter with other men as she chose to ignore him. He stated: "I feel like Tasha is going out of her way to push me away, I don't know what's going on.”    However, when others questioned her about her potential relationship with the chef, she responded: “No, I just want to be alone.” Elsewhere, the chief stew told producers the real reason she wanted to keep it a secret was that she was still with her boyfriend during the previous charter. Although the team survived the near wreckage in episode one it looks as though there could be more chaos ahead. Fans will have to tune in on Monday to see if Natasha and Dave will have a much-needed conversation.  Below Deck is available on Bravo in the US and available on HayU in the UK  