Russia has seen its ammunition warehouses turn into a dangerous target for Ukrainian forces, losing at least four over the past week. And in the last few hours, another weapons dump was lost to a massive explosion in Raiske, in the occupied Kherson region of Ukraine. Unconfirmed reports suggest the warehouse caught fire and later was reduced to smithereens. Footage shared online shows a massive explosion rippling through the ammunition dump, with debris being spewed into the air in firework fashion. A thick cloud of grey smoke is then seen emerging from the blazing building turning the sky black. Russia has been plagued by several fires and explosions of pivotal infrastructure near the battlefront, with at least two more warehouses destroyed in the past 24 hours in Stakhanov and Volodymyrivka. Moscow said this weekend its forces would step up military operations in "all operational areas". JUST IN: Horror as Russia issues 'doomsday' threat if Ukrainian troops attempt to retake Crime  Russian rockets and missiles have pounded cities in strikes that Kyiv says have killed dozens in recent days. Vadym Skibitskyi, a spokesman for Ukrainian military intelligence, said late on Saturday: "It is not only missile strikes from the air and sea. "We can see shelling along the entire line of contact, along the entire front line. There is an active use of tactical aviation and attack helicopters. "Clearly preparations are now underway for the next stage of the offensive." Kyiv's military said Russia appeared to be regrouping units for an offensive toward Sloviansk, a symbolically important city held by Ukraine in the eastern region of Donetsk. The Ministry of Defence (MoD) said Russia was also reinforcing defences across areas it occupies in southern Ukraine after pressure from Ukrainian forces and pledges from Ukrainian leaders to drive Russia out. At least 40 people have been killed in Russian shelling of urban areas since Thursday as Vladimir Putin's efforts to salvage his invasion intensify. More than 50 Russian Grad rockets pounded the city of Nikopol on the Dnipro River, killing two people who were found in the rubble, Governor Valentyn Reznichenko said. DON'T MISS:Energy crisis HELL: Shell CEO issues dire warning as Europe facing [INSIGHT]Putin now using same tactics as HITLER [ANALYSIS]Italy risks 'destabilising Europe' as Draghi to be ousted after revolt [REPORT] And President Zelenskiy sacked the head of Ukraine's powerful domestic security agency, the SBU, and the prosecutor general. The orders dismissing SBU chief Ivan Bakanov, a childhood friend of Zelenskiy, and Prosecutor General Iryna Venediktova, who led the effort to prosecute Russian war crimes in Ukraine, were published on the president's official website. Mr Zelenskiy said he had fired the top officials because many cases had come to light of members of their agencies collaborating with Russia. He said 651 treason and collaboration cases had been opened against prosecutorial and law enforcement officials, and that over 60 officials from Bakanov and Venediktova's agencies were now working against Ukraine in Russian-occupied territories.