Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel may still harbour hopes of signing Bayern Munich star Robert Lewandowski this summer after Romelu Lukaku's loan exit to Inter Milan. The Polish hero reportedly told Bayern chiefs that he would still prefer a move to Chelsea than to stay at the Allianz Arena if his dream move to Barcelona collapses. Lewandowski, 33, has been one of the world's best strikers over the last decade after recording 312 Bundesliga goals in just 384 appearances over 12 years. He recently won his tenth Bundesliga title, and has become a cult hero in south west Germany for his excellence across various competitions, with an impressive 69 Champions League goals in 78 games since his move in 2014. However, reports have claimed that he wishes to seek a new challenge this summer, with Barcelona being his preferred choice of club should a move away from Germany become a reality. And according to BILD, the star has told his current employers that even if the switch to the Nou Camp does not materialise, he would still like to move away to Chelsea if the opportunity arose - a deal which would massively benefit Tuchel. The report states that Paris Saint-Germain are also touted to embroil themselves in the race for the talisman, although any deal could hinge on whether Neymar leaves given that Kylian Mbappe will expecting game time up front. Lukaku's departure to Inter Milan has left the club short up front, although Kai Havertz can play in a false nine role. The impending arrival of Raheem Sterling could also ease the burden on a need for a striker at Stamford Bridge, with the attacker having played in an advanced role under Pep Guardiola at Manchester City. But with Hakim Ziyech and Timo Werner being linked with moves away from the club, Havertz and Sterling will likely be needed out wide across the season if Chelsea are to compete on all fronts. And therefore, a move for Lewandowski may be imperative to their potential success with the Blues having lacked a clinical goalscorer ever since Diego Costa's departure in 2017. With no league title in five years for the west London outfit, a world class striker is essential given that Liverpool and Manchester City have bought Darwin Nunez and Erling Haaland respectively over the last few months. And Lewandowski would bring the quality needed to forge a title charge for Tuchel. Lewandowski refused to be drawn into speculation before the recent international break whilst playing for Poland. "I promised that after the game against Belgium I would say more about my future," Lewandowski told GOL. "Please understand that I can't say anything new."