Mark Smith explained the significance of a coin-like medal brought onto Antiques Roadshow by a guest. In the classic episode, he detailed what the medal was awarded for as the guest proudly spoke about his great, great-grandfather. But the BBC show saw him left disappointed as he commented: "Good grief," after discovering the medal's value. As Mark admired the award, he remarked: "So we've got a coin, well it looks like a coin, doesn't it? "It's actually a medal and it's from the Swedish-Norwegian royal family when they were joined together. "It's called a Novel Deeds medal, and it was given out for saving lives at sea - usually it is for shipwrecks." The guest explained: "I found out it was my great, great-grandfather's, who was actually 14 at the time. READ MORE: Outlander’s Caitriona Balfe would be ‘happier’ to shorten series "And he was a member of the Lifeboat's Crew, and they went out to rescue 20 men off the coast of North Wales 1889. "[On] the sixth and seventh of October - there was a massive storm." Mark commented: "The shipwreck must have been a Norweigan vessel. "So the ship goes onto the rocks, and the lifeboat crew have to go out. "Now, we've actually got a photograph of the actual lifeboat haven't we?" Turning to the young girl accompanying the guest, Mark noted: "And it's being held by your good self. "You're also a relative of the gentleman here. How old are you?" "11," the youngster replied before Mark continued: "11, and your five-times great grandad rode out on that lifeboat and he was 14 years old. DON'T MISS... Tim Lovejoy slams MasterChef's John and Gregg 'They don't know' [VIDEO]Former Strictly star gives warning over new dancers ahead of series [INTERVIEW]BBC Breakfast viewers switch off over heatwave coverage 'This is pathe [REACTION] "That's pretty good, isn't it? What do you think of him?" "I think he was a hero," she replied. Mark agreed: "I think we all think he's a hero." He went on: "We're talking now about lifeboats which were drawn by horses out to the shore and then they're rode out to the shipwreck. "It's a storm and you've gotta get your lifeboat out to that. Now, that's a very dangerous thing to do. "I think he was a very brave lad for someone who was 14, as were all of them." He then revealed what the medal was worth, adding: "Today it's actually worth £700." "Good grief," the guest answered, looking stunned by the low valuation. He added: "[It's] Worth more than that to us," before Mark agreed: "I think so." Antiques Roadshow airs on Sundays at 8pm on BBC One.