Guenther Steiner has questioned Mick Schumacher’s attitude after the young German snapped back at the team at the Austrian Grand Prix. Schumacher was annoyed after Saturday’s sprint race as he was left to fight Lewis Hamilton while team-mate Magnussen pulled away. At one stage, Schumacher demanded Magnussen slow down to allow him to get the DRS to defend from the Mercedes. But, the 23-year-old claimed he was faster than the Dane after the race and said he could have attacked Esteban Ocon for a higher grid start on Sunday. Steiner denied the allegations, stressing that switching positions around would not have boosted the team’s results. However, the team boss admitted that he was troubled by Schumacher’s personality in Spielberg. Speaking to Sky Sports, he explained: “Going forward if this is the attitude, bit upset, he still doesn't know why it happened. You know race car drivers, they're all the same. READ MORE: Michael Schumacher would tell Guenther Steiner 'where to go' “They always want to be in front of their team-mate. I always say you're equals and the team decides what we're going to do because the points are for the team. We need more points for the team to get into sixth hopefully, or fight at least for sixth. “If we waste opportunities because you guys are fighting, it's not good for the team and the only entitlement they have is to work for the team." Schumacher has now scored points in the last two races after failing to get inside the top 10 at any other stage this season. Haas has now also scored back-to-back points finishes at the last two races to move from ninth to seventh in the standings. The American squad are now just 17 points away from Alfa Romeo in sixth which Steiner concedes is the target going forwards. DON'T MISSMick Schumacher receives advise from F1 icon after epic Hamilton duel [INSIGHT]Heartwarming Schumacher reaction after finding he's Driver of the Day [COMMENT]Kevin Magnussen warned 'don't go near Lewis Hamilton' by Haas boss [ANALYSIS] The team boss did save some praise for Schumacher, revealing his driver has “seemed a lot more relaxed” in recent races which has helped to drive stronger results. He added: “Obviously, the qualifying was good there but the race was not so good because he retired, but in Canada he just seemed to be a lot more relaxed about everything and that comes from putting less pressure on himself which helped having these results. "I'm 100 per cent sure about this. I saw a change in Canada where he seemed to be more relaxed about everything but hopefully now with having scored twice in a row and finishing sixth gives us more points because we desperately need them to get to sixth."