If you like board games then you'll absolutely love the Infinity Gaming Table. Available exclusively at GAME, the Infinity Gaming Table is the latest device to launch under the Arcade1Up umbrella. It contains over 40 popular board games, which are playable on a swish 32-inch touchscreen. The ultimate accessory for board game enthusiasts, the only drawback is the rather steep price tag. If you're interested in board gaming without the missing pieces, the Infinity Gaming Table is currently priced at a whopping £899. It comes with built-in games such as Game of Life, Monopoly, Scrabble and Trivial Pursuit, as well as Guess Who, Battleship, Chess and Operation. "With so many classic family titles you’ll be stretching your shelf space to its limits to have anything close to a complete collection but Arcade1Up have a fix for this with the Infinity Gaming Table," reads the official description. "Added bonus is that you’ll not have to concern yourself with missing pieces. "Arcade1Up’s Infinity gaming table features a 32in touchscreen with dynamic zoom viewings to help players tailor their board game perspective. To further immerse players the table has tactile feedback built-in." Better yet, the Infinity Gaming Table is said to be impact and water-resistant, which means you can use it as a regular coffee table. Other neat features include built-in WiFi, which means you can download additional games and play online. That's on top of detachable legs for added portability. - BUY THE ARCADE1UP INFINITY GAMING TABLE FROM GAME - Infinity Table launch games in full... • Draughts • The Game of Life • Monopoly • Super Wordsearch • Colour Create • Guess Who? • Puzzle Play • Tablecloths • Connect 4 • Memory Matching Game • Scrabble • Dots and Boxes • Mini Fini Foosball • 4 Pics 1 Word • Battleship • Chutes and Ladders • Doodle Monster Mini Golf • Backgammon • Candy Land • Clue • Chess • Dizzy Tanks • Fling Hockey • Chicken Wrangle • Hungry Hungry Hippos • Mahjong Deluxe • Man Cala • Mens Morris • Operation • Othello • Pirate Battle • Raceway Grandprix • Solitaire • Sorry • Space Tennis • Spider Solitaire • Sudoku • Swish • Halloween • Tic Tac Toe • Tripeaks Solitaire • Trivial Pursuit • Trouble Game • Whack a Mole • What's the word • Yahtzee • Yokozuna All Star