Conservative MP Andrea Jenkyns has clashed with the crowd which gathered outside Downing Street to celebrate the resignation of Boris Johnson as Tory party leader. Mr Johnson's speech setting out his intention to step down as Prime Minister was met with a cry of "bye Boris!" from the crowd. On her way in to see the outgoing Prime Minister, Ms Jenkyns exchanged verbal back and forth with the yelling mob. “Those who laugh last laugh loudest” she is reported to have shouted at the crowd. The MP flipped the middle finger in the direction of the chanters before entering the security gates at the entrance to Downing Street. Ms Jenkyns was among a group of supportive Conservative MPs present for the Prime Minister's statement to the nation, conceding his time in office was coming to an end. JUST IN: Tory MP drops bombshell claim Boris Johnson is 'unwell'   "Today I have appointed a cabinet to serve, as I will, until a new leader is in place," Mr Johnson said outside his Downing Street office where his speech was watched by close allies and his wife Carrie. "I know that there will be many people who are relieved and perhaps quite a few who will also be disappointed. And I want you to know how sad I am to be giving up the best job in the world. But them's the breaks," he added, making no apology for the events that forced his announcement. There were cheers and applause as he began his speech, while boos rang out from some outside the gates of Downing Street. After days of battling for his job, Mr Johnson had been deserted by all but a handful of his closest allies after the latest in a series of scandals sapped their willingness to support him.   "It was a short and bizarre resignation speech which didn't mention the word resign or resignation once. There was no apology, no contrition," Conservative lawmaker Andrew Bridgen said. "There was no apology for the crisis his actions have put our government, our democracy, through." The Conservatives will now have to elect a new leader, a process which could take weeks or months, with details to be announced next week. A snap YouGov poll found that defence minister Ben Wallace was the favourite among Conservative Party members to replace Mr Johnson, followed by junior trade minister Penny Mordaunt and former finance minister Rishi Sunak. While Mr Johnson said he would stay on, opponents and many in his own party said he should leave immediately and hand over to his deputy, Dominic Raab. Former Conservative Prime Minister John Major said it was "unwise and maybe unsustainable" for him to remain in office when he could still exert its powers.  DON'T MISS "For the overall wellbeing of the country, Mr Johnson should not remain in Downing Street - when he is unable to command the confidence of the House of Commons - for any longer than necessary to effect the smooth transition of government," Major said in a letter released to media. Labour Party leader Keir Starmer, said he would call a parliamentary confidence vote if the Conservatives did not remove Johnson at once. Initially, Johnson refused to go and seemed set to dig in, sacking Michael Gove - a member of his top ministerial team who was one of the first to tell him he needed to resign - in a bid to reassert his authority. But by Thursday morning as a slew of resignations poured in - including that of Michelle Donelan who he'd only appointed education secretary on Tuesday night - it became clear his position was untenable.