Janette Manrara has admitted she came close to burning out while undertaking her gruelling Strictly Come Dancing schedule. The dancer shifted her lifestyle after a period of reflection during the pandemic. The 38-year-old was speaking at the launch of New Nordic’s new Collagen Shot, exploring the rise of beauty from within and the practice of taking collagen to improve how you look and feel from the inside out. Janette described her former Strictly schedule as “24 hours a day” until she departed to become the new It Takes Two host in 2021. Discussing how she had heard of people totally burning out and collapsing due to the stress of work, she said: “It wasn't until the pandemic happened and I was forced to kind of slow down, that I realised just how close I could have been to something like that happening to me. “And I think that's the same for a lot of people these days, we all learned and  reflected a lot in lockdown in some shape, or form. “I fell in love with meditation and yoga, and wellbeing has always been a subject that I'm interested in because it encompasses all of those things in one.” She continued: “So I took a course online and then another course online and I'm not an expert, but I would say I am a fan, I am a wellness warrior. "So I've kind of shifted my approach, my ethos and my lifestyle has really massively changed over the last couple years. “I was introduced to the New Nordic team, and their Collagen Shot, and I just felt that it was such a perfect match because that's exactly what they're all about.  “It's a combination of how it takes care of all of you, not just a cream for this, something for that - it's about the holistic experience that comes with New Nordic.” Janette, who is married to fellow Strictly star Aljaž Škorjanec, also explained she worries about the message younger generations are being sent when they are bombarded with perfection on social media. “I've always been an advocate to try and be as natural and as organic as possible with my beauty regime,” she said. “I don't know if you guys have any teenage daughters or friends that have teenage daughters, but when I see what's happening online nowadays when you see girls putting filters on their face, changing the shape of their eyes or changing the shape of their nose, that really worries me. DON'T MISS... Rafael Nadal's sweary rant after question about his wife Xisca Perello [INSIGHT]Hannah Waddingham, 47, almost spills out of very low-cut white dress [PICTURES] Kim Kardashian addresses claims 'the Queen rejected her at Jubilee' [LATEST] “These simple little things are kind of advocating the importance of just taking Collagen Shots, drinking lots of water, getting good sleep, and eating healthy. “Combining the beauty and the wellness aspect and showcasing that more and more to our generation. So that there's less artificial fixing.” Janette added: “It's interesting because as someone that is not an influencer, that is not my job - I work in entertainment and I'm a host, a dancer, an actor, and a performer.  “My job is not to be an influencer, but I do work with brands here and there. "I really think it's important to be authentic and work with brands that you genuinely, use, genuinely like and really support. “So I don't work with many brands, I only have a select few and New Nordic is by far, when it comes to looking after my beauty, one of my favourites. "So I'm really excited to be here and champion them and champion the product.”