The Duke of Cambridge renewed hopes of another attempt at a resolution between the royal brothers and the extended family after he announced an upcoming trip to the United States. William will be heading to Boston for the Earthshot Prize which is designed to identify and manifest solutions to help issues facing the planet. The Earthshot Prize website states: “We believe in the power of human ingenuity to prove to us all that the seemingly impossible is possible. “We face our greatest challenge; to regenerate the place we call home in the next ten years.” The Earthshot award ceremony in Boston, which is the second ever event, will be held in December and the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge will likely attend. Five £1 million prizes will be awarded for solutions that tackle the categories or “Earthshots” set up by the organisation. The categories are: Protect and restore nature; Clean our air; Revive our oceans; Build a waste-free world; and Fix our climate. Royal fans are hoping to see the return of the “Fab Four”, the Duke and Duchess Cambridge and the Duke and Duchess of Sussex at the event or during the trip. According to Natalie Oliveri, a writer at Australian news outlet Honey Nine, “with Prince Harry and Meghan living in Montecito, in California, with their two children Archie and Lilibet, it would be the optimum time to finally lay down their guns and repair the rift.” READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Queen gives Kate and William vital role However, after the bombshell publication of Tom Bower’s new book ‘Revenge: Meghan, Harry and the War Between the Windsor’s’ about the ongoing rift between the Royal Family and Harry’s own memoir due to be published later this year, a reunion may be unlikely. Royal fans watching the celebrations of the Platinum Jubilee observed that the royal foursome stayed very much apart during the service at St Paul's Cathedral with little to no interaction. Royal insiders later confirmed that the public frostiness between the couples was repeated in private as they did not spend time together in private with each other either. DON'T MISS: GB News: Liz Truss blasted as a 'Maggie Thatcher tribute act'  (COMMENT)Channel crossing HELL as British tourists get stuck in Dover (INSIGHT)I was sceptical at first but now I'm firmly team Truss - O'FLYNN (REVEAL) However, hopes for a reunion continue to rise as royal fans wish for reconciliation with the much-loved brothers especially in the wake of the Queen’s ailing health. The Earthshot’s focus on climate change is another thing that can unite the couples together with all four of them holding the issue close to their hearts. Ms Oliveri said: “There’s no better place to put an end to this family feud than in the US, where both couples are incredibly popular.”