Formula One 2022 kicked off on Friday, July 1, where reigning world champion Max Verstappen, who drives for Milton Keynes-based Red Bull, is the favourite to win at Silverstone. However, British drivers Lewis Hamilton, George Russell and Lando Norris are geared up to take the trophy this year. During an interview with Steve Jones, the trio were unable to assert their driving dominance when taking part in a Highway Code quiz. Channel 4 is airing every twist and turn of qualifying for this year's British Grand Prix, live from Silverstone, as Max Verstappen is set to assert his dominance at the top of the Drivers' Championship. After discussing how they were feeling about the races and the second day of the competition, Steve asked: "Let's move on to the visual aids, what does this mean?" Lando quickly responded: "You're not allowed below 30?" Steve revealed: "No, end of minimum speed, this is an easy one you should get this!" READ MORE: Escape to the Chateau’s Dick Strawbridge admits ‘not everyone’s a fit' Lando once again guessed: "Race mode, race time?" to which Steve laughed and corrected: "Primary root forming part of a ring road." Mocking Steve for reading off the answer sheet, Lando joked: "You didn't even know what that meant!" "Of course, I know what it means!" Steve quipped. Moving on, he said: "Everyone knows what it means, last couple of easy ones, what does this mean?" George exclaimed: "No parking!" but Steve shook his head in laughter and said: "No waiting!" Disappointed that they hadn't got a question correct, Lando exclaimed: "No waiting, same thing!" Steve held up another sign with which Lando answered: "No parking, you're not allowed that way," but the correct answer was no stopping. Alex questioned what the difference between the signs was, to which Steve explained: "No waiting, you can wait while your moving, but you can't stop." At the beginning of the season, Red Bull and Ferrari were the cars to beat, but several teams, including Northamptonshire-based Mercedes, Alpine and Aston Martin, could bring unexpected upgrades to Silverstone. DON'T MISS...British Grand Prix qualifying LIVE: Updates from Silverstone [LIVE]Mercedes break F1 curfew at Silverstone fixing Lewis Hamilton's car [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton issues six-word statement on Silverstone ban rumours [LATEST] Despite the fierce competition, the racers know how to have fun when not rallying in their cars, which was seen between McLauren racers Daniel Ricciardo and Lando Norris. The pair faced off in an unorthodox space hopper race which left the audience and viewers at home in stitches. They were each given a large space hopper to compete with in the event, which was set up by broadcaster Sky Sports. Commentator David Croft was presenting when the space hoppers made an appearance, with the racers looking confused as to what was happening. However, they decided to take on the challenge, which nearly ended in disaster as Norris slipped and nearly fell backwards. After some early attempts from Lando to sabotage his teammate, Daniel made it across the finish line and celebrated by throwing the hopper at Lando. The giant ball hit his teammate square in the face, but luckily no damage was done as the pair cracked up. "I can't see!" shouted Norris as Ricciardo managed to say "sorry" between giggles. Daniel added: "You know when you do something and you realise you probably shouldn't have done it? It was too late." Ferrari drivers Charles Leclerc and Carlos Sainz also took on the challenge, however, neither of the competitors were hit in the face. Formula One is available to watch on Channel 4.