Pierre Gasly was furious and ranted down his radio after avoiding an accident at the French Grand Prix. The AlphaTauri driver fumed over team radio after encountering traffic early in Friday’s practice session. The 26-year-old, who will race in front of his home crowd this weekend, managed to avoid a sticky situation out on the track. “Who the f*** was that guy, is it his first day driving?” Gasly said in reference to Williams driver Alex Albon. The commentators alluded to Gasly’s racing line being compromised by the Haas of Kevin Magnussen as he tried to get into turn 12 as a reason for his frustration. Albon was also in a rather awkward position as Gasly tried to exit the same turn. The Frenchman still enjoyed a satisfying practice, as he clocked a best lap time of 1:34.979 to finish fifth fastest in the first session. In session two, he was slightly quicker as he registered 1:33.906, and ended as the 7th fastest driver. JUST IN: Pierre Gasly warns AlphaTauri 'paid the price' as decision called out before French GP  Speaking after the session ended, Gasly said: “Clearly, in terms of performance, we were back in the Top 10 with 5th this morning and 7th this afternoon. The feeling in the way the car behaved showed a lot of positive signs with the new parts we brought this weekend. “It is great to have this package for my home race and to see all the people around the track. Now we need to work to understand what we tested today and go through all the data to be able to put it together for Quali tomorrow. The way the front reacts is sharper and more reactive, especially in these longer corners where we used to wash out and overheat the tyres badly. The tyres are still overheating, which we will have to work on for the race, but it should be a fun one.” Circuit Paul Ricard is once again hosting the event having returned to the calendar in 2018, but it already looks set to be removed with no contract agreed between the circuit and the sport for 2023 onwards. For home favourite Gasly, it is going to be an event that he tries to enjoy as much as possible as he does not know when the next opportunity to race in his home country is going to come around. DON'T MISS “Well, bonjour everyone. I’m extremely happy to be here," Gasly said. "It’s obviously I’m very lucky to have a home race, because it hasn’t been always on the calendar over the past 10 years, you know. When I got to Formula 1, I had the chance to have Le Castellet in 2018 and to experience the feeling of having my home crowd on a racetrack. “This year is potentially unfortunately the last time we have a grand prix, it might not be on the calendar next year. So it will be important to enjoy every second of it. And yeah, it’s another sold out weekend. A lot more fans a lot more support for me, and I really hope I can put a strong performance to give it back to all the fans here.” 