Cilla, originally from Liverpool, bought the property in Denham, Buckinghamshire, in 1970 with her husband Bobby Willis. The couple raised their sons Robert, Ben and Jack on the 17-acre estate. The mansion was put on the market after Cilla passed away for £4.3million. The property was set near the affluent commuter belt village of Denham, which is just 17 miles from London. The picturesque village is set in rich wooded countryside with a small village centre which has pubs and restaurants. Denham sits close to Uxbridge, Rickmansworth and Gerrards Cross, also popular commuter towns. It is bordered by the M25 and A40 and has two railway stains, perfect for those who like to travel. READ MORE: Where the Royal Family spend the summer in Scotland - the 4 residences Colne Valley Regional Park is also up the road, which gives it a green and pleasant backdrop, as well as miles of riverside walks. According to Rightmove, the average property price in the village currently stands at £865,000. Cilla’s home boasted an indoor pool, tennis court, eight bedrooms and five bedrooms. There was also a detached cottage within the estate, which was believed to have been used by Cilla’s housekeeper, Penny Walker. DON'T MISS:Rory McIlroy shares glimpse into ‘stunning’ £8.6m mansion [INSIGHT]Rod Stewart's private life with wife Penny in Essex countryside [COMMENT]Heatwave: How to prevent house and garden fires [EXPLAINER] Penny had worked for Cilla for more than three decades and was seen by her as “part of the family”. Miss Black passed away from a stroke in 2015 while at her Spanish villa, aged just 72. Throughout her career, Cilla amassed a huge fortune, with a handful of No 1 hits under her belt. She also performed with The Beatles, Cliff Richard and Dusty Springfield. READ MORE: Homes Under the Hammer transforms ‘uninhabitable’ flat Denham boasts many attractive brick and timbered cottages, covered in colourful foliage. The village has also been home to many other celebrities over the years including Brian Connolly. He lived in Denham until his death in 1997. Other surrounding villages are also hugely popular amongst celebrities. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Ozzy Osbourne continues to live in his Grade II listed home called Welders, which is located in Jordans, found in the parish of Chalfont St Giles. It was once named as one of the most expensive places to live in the UK. Ozzy resides in his mansion with wife Sharon, and they purchased the home in 1993. Ozzy has largely resided in America, but he reportedly has returned to live at his property permanently with Sharon. He blamed the move on California’s rising tax rate.