Manchester United’s deal to sign Ajax winger Antony is now reportedly off, with Erik ten Hag’s connections failing to seal another transfer. The Red Devils appointed the Dutchman as their new manager earlier this year as his four-and-a-half year spell at the Johan Cruyff Arena came to an end. United suffered a miserable season last time out as they flattered to deceive on the pitch under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and his interim successor Ralf Rangnick. And club chiefs will now be hoping Ten Hag is the answer to their problems after handing him a three-year contract at Old Trafford. Ten Hag has been linked with a whole host of Ajax players this summer as he attempts to oversee a raid of his former employers. And United have already confirmed that 24-year-old centre-back Lisandro Martinez will move to the north west from Holland. But, according to the Manchester Evening News, Ajax have priced Antony out of a move to Old Trafford and United no longer expect to sign him. READ MORE: Chelsea star Reece James scores outrageous own goal after mix-up with third choice keeper    Antony has been in incredible form for Ajax since joining the club from Sao Paulo two years ago. The winger bagged 10 goals and 10 assists during his first campaign in Holland, before backing that up with 12 goals and 10 assists last time around. Antony especially impressed in the Champions League last season as his two strikes and four assists in the group stages helped his team progress to the knockout stages of the competition, before they succumbed to Benfica in the round of 16. United have been linked with the 22-year-old all summer and he appears to have all the credentials to succeed in the Premier League. But Red Devils bosses will now have to turn their attentions elsewhere. DON'T MISSMan Utd already working on fourth and fifth signings as Martinez deal confirmedArsenal told Oleksandr Zinchenko's not enough and Gunners could 'be cut adrift' from SpursChelsea 'very close' to signing Jules Kounde as Thomas Tuchel gets Barcelona revenge     Despite Ten Hag’s struggles with Antony, the 52-year-old has managed to persuade three other players to move to Old Trafford this summer. As well as the signing of Martinez, 22-year-old left-back Tyrell Malacia has joined from Feyenoord, while 30-year-old playmaker Christian Eriksen has put pen-to-paper on a deal after his contract with Brentford expired earlier this summer. And Ten Hag will be hoping the new faces can make an instant impact in England. United began their pre-season campaign with a 4-0 thumping of Liverpool in Thailand last Tuesday, before thrashing Melbourne Victory 4-1 in Australia last Friday. The Red Devils are set to face Crystal Palace on Tuesday and Aston Villa on Saturday before their tour of Australia comes to an end. And their final pre-season clashes will see them go head-to-head with Atletico Madrid in Norway on Saturday, July 30, before hosting Rayo Vallecano at Old Trafford a day later. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it.  