The attack on Monday which began around 10:15AM (3:15PM GMT) halted the Highland Park’s Independence Day parade which had begun just minutes earlier. The shooting killed seven people and injured many more and as police held a press conference revealing more details about the attack, details emerged that Crimo had allegedly been planning the attack for months, police say. Robert E Crimo III, 21, was arrested after the shooting at the Fourth of July parade event in Chicago. Police said the suspect had been planning the attack for months until he planned to climb up a fire escape ladder to access the roof of a business before shooting over 70 rounds at the crowd below. The Central Avenue Synagogue is located down the street from the scene of the shooting and leaders of the synagogue have said he “cased the place” in April. According to the leaders, Crimo walked in on a Saturday morning service dressed in all black leather and gloves and sat down with a backpack. Security member Marty Blumenthal said: “The thought did cross my mind that maybe he is just casing the place.” He added: “Now I do, now that I know he has homicidal tendencies for sure. “My concern was that he was going to pull some kind of weapon out.” According to police, Crimo legally bought five firearms a year ago and authorities had previously been called to his house in 2019 after a family member reported that the suspect was threatening to “kill everyone”. Upon arrival the police seized 16 knives, a dagger and a sword but Crimo was not arrested and no action was taken despite previous reports of “a mental health issue”. READ MORE: Ukraine saboteurs blow up railway bridge The Lake County Major Crime Task Force spokesman Christopher Covelli has revealed more details about the difficulties the police faced in tracking the suspect following Monday’s attack. At the press conference Mr Covelli said: “During the attack he was dressed in women’s clothing and investigators do believe he did this to conceal his facial tattoos and his identity to help him during the escape with other people who were fleeing the chaos.” “He blended right in with everybody else as they were running around, almost as if he was an innocent spectator as well.” Crimo III was spotted in his disguise on video with Mr Covelli saying: “I’m not sure what the woman’s attire consisted of but it was initially reported that this person had long hair, so a wig isn’t out of the question.” DON'T MISS: Kamala Harris mocked after speaking in front of spelling gaffe (POLL) Horror as shark scared away by fearless beachgoers using cleaning ... (REVEAL) 'Last thing we want to see!' Police urged take zero tolerance approach (INSIGHT) He added that the suspected shooter, upon being able to blend into the crowd, was able to flee the scene and take a route towards his mother’s house. The spokesman stated that the suspect was arrested after a sighting was made of his vehicle and a second weapon was discovered by officers when searching his car. Crimo fled from the police once they had spotted his car but after a short chase he was stopped and subsequently arrested. Lake County State’s Attorney told CBS Chicago that the suspect has been charged with seven counts of first-degree murder and that “there will be dozens of more charges”. Crimo is due to appear in court on Wednesday.