Even if it was raining it was always (metaphorically speaking) sunny. The people who brought their bibs and bobs along were nice. The experts were nice and the locations were lovely. It’s been on the road since 1979 and is currently presented by head prefect Fiona Bruce, who always looks as though she’s happy to have briefly escaped from news reading and Question Time duties. The big reveal, the moment when the “antique” is valued, is at the heart of the show. The experts sometimes tease a little, allowing the owner’s jaw to drop open in disbelief when the valuation is finally given. Sometimes the owners look a tad disappointed which adds a welcome tart note to the proceedings. Sometimes they say “well it’s staying in the family”, especially if it’s a war-related heirloom which always makes that medals expert chap go a bit weepy. Then everyone claps approvingly. There’s an awful lot of clapping now. I don’t think there was quite so much in Arthur Negus’s day. But there’s always a cloud on the horizon, something to spoil everyone’s fun. And here it comes. I’d heard a few years ago from one of the regulars on the show that they’d been told to be “careful” over what they said about any object which could be associated with colonialism, so as not to cause offence. The last thing you want on Antiques Roadshow is an argument. This meant some controversial items might not be given airtime, and that if necessary one should fudge the conversation to keep the tone light-hearted. This is Sunday evening TV, not a documentary. But now even that degree of tactful caution has come under beady scrutiny. Last year, for instance, archaeology professor Dan Hicks complained that the show had glossed over the provenance of a £2,000 Mughal gold ring which had ended up in the UK. The jewellery expert John Benjamin had said the ring had “somehow found its way from somewhere near the Taj Mahal over to a charity shop here 200 years later”. That’s perfectly accurate insofar as nobody knows for sure how the ring made its journey. But presumably Mr Benjamin should have given a finger-wagging lecture on the evils of colonialism and perhaps gone down on one knee as he did so. Meanwhile, a leaked document offering guidelines for future producers of the programme says: “The high-profile nature of Antiques Roadshow means that it is often under a great deal of public scrutiny as to how it handles sensitive areas such as colonial history. “We are looking for experience in managing compliance issues and reputational risk.” Who’d have believed that a much-loved show as benign as Antiques Roadshow could be the cause of “reputational risk” to the BBC? We all walk on eggshells these days. Or maybe oriental porcelain. Somehow I doubt supermodel Marie Helvin will end up working in a supermarket as she has threatened. In an interview she said she might go back home to Hawaii and work in Whole Foods because she's so hard up having gone through her savings during the pandemic. But she fears that at 69 she'd be discriminated against in Britain because of her age, whereas in America "you can work in Whole Foods in your 80s". I don't think that's necessarily true about Britain. In my local supermarket there are several "seniors" at the till, some of whom used to be captains of industry. I'm sure Marie would be a welcome addition to the team. She's tall too, as models tend to be, which would be a big help with the shelf stacking. If "upskirting" (taking photos up someone's skirt) is a crime then it's only fair to make it illegal to take pictures down a woman's top. Covers all bases as it were. This offence is known as "downblousing". Apparently. Not a word I'd ever heard before. Had anyone? Seriously though, what a stupid word. Downtopping would have been better, even though it sounds nonsensical. Because who wears blouses in this day and age? Tops, shirts, T-shirts, all fine. But blouses? Blouses are for governesses and maiden aunts. Blouses belong in the age of galoshes and twinsets. Downblousing indeed. You know things are bad when they put security tags on butter and cheese, like they do on champagne and criminals. A 750g tub of Lurpak is now selling for an unbelievable £7.25 in Asda. I've often wondered how people managed to make do with the weekly 2oz (50g) ration of butter during the Second World War - the amount you might slather on a single crumpet if you were in a devil-may-care and hang-the-cholesterol mood. We will soon find out. Much to enjoy in Channel 4's excellent cyber-attack drama The Undeclared War though the scenes of demonstrators on the streets look phoney as these scenes always do. As though the director shouts, "emote, luvvies, emote" - and they give it their best. What's also missing is the effect that the internet outage (which happened in episode one) had on the general population. Inside GCHQ it seems as though it's business as usual. Perhaps the budget didn't run to the breakdown of civilisation as we know it. Though they could have just sent someone to Gatwick with a handheld camera and got it all in the can in half a day.