Princess Beatrice’s husband Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi used to live in a bachelor pad in Lancaster Gate. Now, this property is up for rent. What does it look like inside? Princess Beatrice and her husband Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi, along with their daughter Sienna, are set to relocate from St James's Palace to an idyllic Cotswolds retreat.  Edoardo's former London flat is now up for rent, and royal fans can take a peek inside. The property has been listed through Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices London and it's on the market for £1,050 per week rent, making it £4,200 per month. Martin Bikhit, managing director of Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices London said they want to attract a tenant who will "appreciate the rich historical context and the elegant modern décor of the apartment", he told Hello. With Edoardo being the head of Banda Property, an interior design company, it will come as no surprise that the place has been completely refurbished and curated to an impeccable standard.  READ MORE: 'The body does not lie': Inside Sophie Wessex & Edward's marriage The location is also a real selling point. The address, 55 Lancaster Gate is located a stone's throw away from London's Hyde Park. It is a Grade II listed building, with English baroque details and French elements. The living area has very chic décor, plus an entire library wall.  The bedroom looks almost like a hotel with an oversized headboard to make it even more opulent. Separated by Crittal doors, the kitchen is very modern with marble and black details. Martin Bikhit added: "This is one of prime central London’s finest apartments available to let. “Providing spacious accommodation and a separate mezzanine floor for the bedroom suite, this apartment has been completed to a high specification and provides a beautiful turn-key finish." READ MORE: Beatrice's engagement ring has 'special connection' to Royal Family  As well as the connection to Edoardo, the flat has been occupied by war hero, Alexander Murray, 8th Earl of Dunmore. Alexander became the only journalist to receive the Victoria Cross for bravery, after coming under fire when trying to save the life of Lieutenant R.T. Greaves. Beatrice and Edoardo are reported to live in St James’s Palace with a permanent move to The Cotswold's on the horizon. St James’s Palace appears very regally decorated, with plush red furniture and carpets, gold-gilded decor, and cream walls with white fireplaces. Given that St James's is also a private home, there are certain areas that are kept private for the Royal Family. But official meetings are often held on the lower floors.  St James's is also home to the Chapel Royal, where numerous royal christenings have taken place over the years. Most recently, Sienna Mapelli Mozzi was christened inside St James’s Palace in April 2022. Up until autumn 2017, Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie shared an apartment in the palace. But despite being called an 'apartment', their former home wasn't the size of an ordinary flat. Most flats in St. James's Palace span four floors and have multiple bedrooms. It is reported that Beatrice and Eugenie's had four. 