Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag has given the squad five strict rules to follow, according to reports. The Dutchman is eager to be a big hit at Old Trafford. And he’s determined to avoid any of the same problems that plagued predecessors Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick during their spell in the dugout. Manchester United are gearing up for the start of the Ten Hag era. The Dutchman has already made a positive impression at Carrington, with members of the squad taking to their new boss right away amid intense sessions behind the scenes. And, now, the Mirror say Ten Hag has drawn up a list of four rules he wants his players to follow as he looks to bring the glory days back. It’s claimed the 52-year-old is seeking to regain control of the dressing room, something the club have lacked in the years since Sir Alex Ferguson’s emotional retirement. He has told players not to leak information to the press - insisting anybody found guilty of this will never play for him or the club again. Ten Hag has also informed squad members they will be dropped if they’re late to training or team meetings, insisting reputations could for nothing. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez The new United boss also doesn’t want them drinking alcohol during match-weeks, to ensure they are ‘in peak condition when it comes to playing.’ And he also wants the same chef to organise meals for stars, too, rather than them having their own staff to cook it all. Ten Hag has reportedly overhauled the club’s menu, putting more emphasis on fish and vegetables that had previously been the case. It’s said every United player has had a custom-made diet plan devised in the hope they’ll be able to stay in shape and improve their game. While Ten Hag is adopting a tough approach, however, he’s also shown a softer side to his personality as well with a fifth rule. The former Ajax boss has told players to come and see him if they have any troubles, with the 52-year-old keeping his door open. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen He supposedly wants to develop a strong bond with players, believing trust and a mutual respect can help lead to an improve campaign. United are due to jet off to Thailand today for the first leg of their pre-season tour, with the club also due to travel to Australia. They’re due to face Melbourne Victory and Crystal Palace in Melbourne, before finishing their tour with a friendly against Aston Villa in Perth. One player who may not be on the plane, however, is Cristiano Ronaldo. The Portugal international wants to leave United and is unwilling to spend a year strutting his stuff in the Europa League at this late stage of his career. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team United were taken aback at news Ronaldo wants out, with Chelsea, Bayern Munich, Barcelona and Paris Saint-Germain all linked with the superstar. And it’ll be interesting to see whether he joins his team-mates as they continue to step up their preparations for the new campaign. Regarding Ronaldo, Louis Saha thinks it would be a hammer blow for United to lose the goals the 37-year-old provides. "I'm more concerned about losing Cristiano Ronaldo [than Manchester United's lack of transfer activity this summer]. Finding a new striker that is going to get you 25 to 30 goals, it's going to be tough. This is something they need to consider for a year,” he said. "When you are a player like Cristiano Ronaldo you want to win the Champions League and break records there. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “Those are the kind of discussions you have when you're a world-class player with these stats. "Man Utd as a club is below that level, is not playing well and the manager is new so maybe Ten Hag's plan is a middle-term one and the short-term one for Ronaldo is just one or two years at the top level. That's a conflict in some way. "I'm not happy with [United fans asking Ronaldo to go] as Ronaldo has done his part. He's provided some terrific performances and he's been a leader and behaved when times were hard and demanding. "Asking to have consideration in terms of the plan and seeing there are players signing in rival clubs, it's not nice. "You have to look at other teams, Man City have done business that is really complimentary and fits really well their plan. Arsenal today and other clubs have done their business."