Kamala Harris has been mocked on Sky News Australia for stating her pronouns as she chaired a White House roundtable meeting on the overturning of Roe v Wade's impact on disabled people. Ms Harris told the gathered guests: "Good afternoon. I want to welcome these leaders for coming in to have this very important discussion about some of the most pressing issues of our time. "I am Kamala Harris, my pronouns are she and her. I am a woman sitting at the table wearing a blue suit." Reacting to the comments, Sky News's Annelise Nielsen said Ms Harris was a candidate that "never really had to campaign in broader America." “This is going to be a disaster if she is going around Iowa talking like that, if she is going around the mid-west because most people don’t talk like that,” She told Sky News host Andrew Bolt. “That sounded like an Instagram caption, not a speech on reproductive rights.”  It comes as President Joe Biden appeared virtually at a White House meeting of economic advisers on Friday to highlight his good health a day after testing positive for Covid. Speaking remotely at the meeting to discuss White House efforts to lower gas prices, Biden appeared vigorous and in good spirits but with a noticeably deeper voice, hours after his doctor released a statement saying his symptoms had improved "I'm feeling much better than I sound," he said, apologizing for intermittent coughs as he described recent efforts to lower gasoline prices. "Gas prices are coming down. In fact, gas prices have fallen every day," he said. Seated at a desk in the White House residence and flanked by a bag of Halls cough drops and a box of tissues that was quickly removed before his remarks began, Biden gave a thumbs-up when asked by reporters how he felt. DON'T MISS:Brexit LIVE: 'Childish' EU shuts down official relations with UK [LIVE]Europe is trying everything it can to turn us against them - LETTERS [LETTERS]No 10 claims delays at Dover 'not caused by Brexit' [REPORT] President Biden, 79, tested positive for Covid on Thursday, when the White House said he was experiencing mild symptoms and would continue working but in isolation. His diagnosis comes as a highly contagious subvariant of the coronavirus drives a new wave of cases in the United States. A letter released from the White House physician, Kevin O'Connor, said Biden reached 99.4 F (37.4 C) on Thursday night but he responded favorably to Tylenol and was breathing normally. "His voice is deeper this morning. His pulse, blood pressure, respiratory rate and oxygen saturation remain normal, on room air," O'Connor said. Biden has a runny nose, fatigue and occasional dry cough, the doctor said. At the Friday afternoon briefing, White House COVID-19 Coordinator Dr. Ashish Jha stressed that the 99.4 F reading was the highest Biden had experienced during his illness. Jha noted that Biden's vitals had remained in the normal range but admitted the president had used an inhaler a couple of times since testing positive. READ NEXT: Disability blue badges rejected in popular EU destinationsSouth Korea's strategy could trigger nuclear war with North Korea'Arrogance and hubris is staggering' Meghan savaged over move to USQueen has NEVER lived in most important home due to Princess Beatrice'Poison running in blood' Harry sparks fears 