Chloe (played by April Rose Pengilly) hasn't been seen on Neighbours for a few episodes, with the beloved Ramsay Street character deciding to take a break following the death of Hendrix Greyson (Ben Turland). The Erinsborough favourite will return to the Channel 5 soap with a different perspective on things ahead of the show coming to its end next week. With Elly Conway (Jodi Anasta) set to make her return in upcoming scenes, could the two storylines be combined? The drama begins as Chloe tells her housemates, Kiri Durant (Gemma Bird Matheson), Freya Wozniak (Phoebe Roberts) and Mackenzie Greyson (Georgie Stone) she is selling number 24. This, however, comes after a 'For Sale' sign is put outside the property and the women are left if there has been a mistake. Chloe admits the truth along with another piece of news as she tells her friends she is going to leave Ramsay Street for good. They are unsure as to whether this is just an off-the-cuff decision but they know it's serious when Chloe quits her job at Lassiters. As the trio look for new accommodation, Paige Smith (Olympia Valance), returns to help her sister-in-law with the sale of the house. READ MORE: Billy Connolly panicked good friend Judi Dench ‘fancied me’ Not long after she returns to Ramsay Street does Paige realise Chloe is being secretive about her time away from Erinsborough. As it seems the beloved character is hiding something, Freya distracts herself by spending more time with her boyfriend, Levi Canning (Richie Morris). Kiri also considers leaving Erinsborough as she contemplates moving to River Bend, despite officially getting into a relationship with Nicolette Stone (Charlotte Chimes). With everyone at different stages, Chloe is ready to get her future started in Adelaide with the rest of the Brennan family. Before she can get too excited, a face from her past returns and this could be Elly, who she might have been in contact with during her time away. It could be she and Elly reconnected recently and when she was in Adelaide, she spoke with her ex-girlfriend who might have broken up with her partner, Shaun Watkins (Brad Moller). Chloe might have thought she wouldn't see Elly physically but standing in front of her, the beloved character would be over the moon. If the person is Elly, Susan Kennedy's (Jackie Woodburne) niece could have returned to ask Chloe if they could give things another go. With Kiri having moved on with Nicolette now, there would be nothing holding the Ramsay Street favourite back from agreeing to the decision. As they decide to move to another part of Australia, Chloe could finally get her happy ending after years of bad luck with love. DON'T MISS...'Spellbound' Neighbours' Dr Karl Alan Fletcher teases last episode [COMMENT]Neighbours' Alan Fletcher unveils extravagant gift from Margot Robbie [INTERVIEW]Neighbours' Alan Fletcher responds to health concerns [COMMENT] It has been confirmed the actress who plays Elly, Jodi, is returning to the show for the final few episodes but the circumstances which bring her back have been kept a secret. This is what writers could have been planning for months, with the plan being Kiri and Chloe were never going to work out so Elly could return. Speaking about working with Jodi, the actress who plays Chloe, April, has spoken about the joy it has been to be on set with her co-star. The actress said: "I actually sort of knew Jodie who plays Elly before starting on the show, I also knew Takaya who plays David. "So it’s good to have some friends there when I came in, so it’s been really great." April added: "The people you have the most scenes with you end up becoming quite close to because there is so much downtime between takes. "And you’re sort of meant to spend time together and it has brought us a lot closer. "Yes it has been really lovely, she’s great to work with, she’s a wonderful actress and yeah we’ve been having a lot of fun," she told The Perfect Blend. The soap star also touched upon what it was like to join the weeknight serial drama back in 2018 whilst the programme was celebrating its 33rd anniversary. "To be totally honest, it was quite an overwhelming moment because I actually set my sights on the US and had been planning to go there for a long time." "But it’s quite difficult for us to get US Visa’s and all of that business and then one thing or another, I basically tried to get there for six years and I was three weeks away from going," April continued. "I just got my Visa and everything, and about with three weeks left to go, the call about Neighbours came and I was like: 'No, there’s no way. I’m about to finally leave and Neighbours shoot in a different city.' "Because I live out in Sydney for the main happening places in Australia and the show films down in Melbourne where I don’t really know anyone. "So it was quite difficult, obviously it was a great opportunity so I couldn’t really pass it up, now that US Visa is just sitting there collecting dust." Neighbours airs weekdays at 1:45pm and 6pm on Channel 5.