The despot was joined by Defence Minister Sergei Shoigu and Admiral Nikolai Yevmenov, head of the Russian Navy, as he took part in a parade marking Navy Day in Saint Petersburg today (Sunday). It comes as the celebrations in occupied Crimea were forced to be cancelled after a Ukrainian drone strike injured five men in a humiliation for the Russian armed forces.  There is growing belief that the aged Russian despot has some form of degenerative illness. The septegenarian could be suffering from cancer, according to some reports citing western intelligence sources, which could explain the puffy face. This theory has also been used to attempt to understand why Putin has been seen rarely in public in recent months, as well as possibly why he entered an unprovoked invasion with seemingly unprepared armed forces. At the Navy Day commemorations today, the Russian leader made a short speech - in sharp contrast to the longer conferences and addresses he has been known to make previously - in which he touted the potential power of Russia's new Zircon hypersonic cruise missile, currently in production. There, he signed a new naval doctrine which cast the United States as the main maritime rival, and set out strategic goals for areas such as the Arctic and Black Sea.   Putin did not mention the conflict in Ukraine during his speech, but the military doctrine envisages a "comprehensive strengthening of Russia's geopolitical position" in the Black and Azov seas, which surround Ukraine. It comes just hours after Ukrainian forces struck the headquarters of Russia's Black Sea Fleet in Russian-held port of Sevastopol early this morning, Mikhail Razvozhayev, the Crimean city's governor, said. He is quoted in Russian media as saying five staff members were wounded by the attack. "An unidentified object flew into the courtyard of the fleet's headquarters," Mr Razvozhayev wrote on the Telegram. "According to preliminary information, it is a drone." He said Ukraine had decided to "spoil Navy Day for us".   Putin's puffy face and his apparent discomfort in recorded meetings has fuelled speculation that the Russian despot is gravely ill. In April, a video of Putin meeting Mr Shoigu showed the ageing tyrant gripping his desk for a vast swathe of the meeting. This prompted claims that the Russian President was attempting to limit the visible effects of tremors, which Parkinson’s sufferers can do by tensing the muscles in the affected area. In footage released a week later, of Putin meeting ally Alexander Lukashenko, the Belarusian President, he makes a motion with his thumb which could be viewed as a spasm.   As he walks towards his eastern European counterpart, he appears unsteady on his feet, walking stiffly. Emily Deans, a medical doctor and psychiatrist in Massachusetts, described it “the most abnormal video yet”. Another doctor wrote on Twitter that they could see “somewhat stiff, slow, slightly unsteady gait” from the Russian, as well as a “right-hand palsy” and a “left-hand pill-rolling tremor”. They added that these appeared to be the usual signs of Parkinson’s. Medical experts have also suggested Putin may be immunocompromised, perhaps due to an incurable disease, which would explain his keeping a distance at meetings - including those held with French President Emmanuel Macron. At the start of March, Rear Admiral Chris Parry – a retired Falklands veteran – said he believed the Russian President had cancer, and suggested that this might explain his "hurry" to take Ukraine. At the time, a US intelligence source said Putin’s bloated visage was a sign he was undergoing treatment for terminal bowel cancer, which usually includes steroid treatment. The Pentagon source told the Daily Star: "Our people are confident he is ill." They added: "His look suggests he is in pain and our people suggest his angry look is most likely as a result of him being in agony."  The Kremlin has rebuffed the claims that the Russian President was suffering from ill health. Russia's foreign minister Sergei Lavrov previously argued: "I don't think that a sane person can suspect any signs of an illness or ailment in this man. "I'll leave it on the conscience of those who disseminate such rumours despite daily opportunities for everyone to see how he and others look like." 