LeBron James is regarded as one of the greatest basketball players of all time, but had things taken a different turn, the American may have ventured into an entirely different sport. In an episode of YouTube show The Shop by Uninterrupted, the 37-year-old spoke about his elite winning mentality, which has propelled him to unrivalled success in the NBA.  During that chat, the LA Lakers star expressed his desire to be a tennis player due to the individual nature of the sport and not having to rely on anyone but yourself during competition. “I’m obsessed with it, with win or bust. And what makes me have sleepless nights is when you don’t have everyone that feels the same way on your club,” the icon said. “There’s times when I wished I was a tennis player, or a golfer when it was literally like, look in the mirror, it’s you versus you.” Furtehrmore, James cited how a winning culture is something that grows on you and jokingly has this to say about players from teams with losing mentality. "Like literally I don't give a f*** who's on that club, you can have Jordan, Shaq, Iverson and have Jesus Christ as your coach, they're gonna lose, it's like literally the culture," James said. His comments were heard by former tennis player James Blake, who tweeted a response. JUST IN: Rafael Nadal trains for the first time since quitting Wimbledon injured in US Open boost   “I just heard the comment that @KingJames sometimes wishes he played tennis instead,” he said. “As someone who already played in the @rogerfederer @RafaelNadal @DjokerNole era, thank you for picking basketball.” It would have been an extremely tall task for LeBron playing against the three legends, who boast an astonishing 63 Grand Slams between them. Blake’s record against the big three leaves a little to be desired, having won just for out of a combined 21 matches. One member of the elite group, Nadal, has been seen back in training as he prepares for the North American hard court swing. The world No 3 is aiming to be back in time for the Canada Masters ahead of the US Open and appears on track for a comeback as he hit the practice court at his Rafa Nadal Academy in Mallorca on Monday. Nadal came to Wimbledon bidding for the Calendar Grand Slam after winning the first two Majors of the year for the first time in his career. But his hopes were quashed when he picked up an abdomen injury that saw him close to retiring in a five-set quarter-final win over Taylor Fritz. On the eve of his semi-final against Nick Kyrgios, the Spaniard withdrew and confirmed he had suffered a 7mm tear in his abdomen, but was hoping to continue with his intended schedule of playing the Montreal Masters before attempting to win a record-extending 23rd Major title at Flushing Meadows. 