It warned this will lead to “widespread impacts on people and infrastructure”. The weather service said disruption will include “population-wide adverse health effects”, delays on roads and cancellations of rail and air travel. Temperatures could reach up to – if not above – 35 degrees Celsius, particular in the southeast, according to forecasts. The UKHSA said a “level 4 national emergency” is announced “following considerations of a cross-government assessment of the weather conditions, coordinated by the Civil Contingencies Secretariat”. Writing in the Telegraph, Philip Johnston said the Government’s response “borders on hysteria”. A “level 4 emergency” could see schools closed in some cases, with the UKHSA noting: “Some schools have had to close classrooms where conditions are too hot.” READ MORE: Rail chaos to return as union sets date for new strike action “When I was young and the weather was hot, lessons were held outside. Now, just the prospect of one or two very hot days is enough to set off a nervous breakdown.” Regions all across the country are forecasted to be impacted by the heatwave. DON'T MISS: Hated Brexit deal ‘could shatter UK’ [OPINION] Farage blasts those blaming conflict in Ukraine for inflation [NEWS] Britons blast Tories and Labour who are ‘as bad as each other’ [OPINION] “Government advice is that 999 services should be used in emergencies only; seek advice from 111 if you need non-emergency health advice.” Reports suggest local hosepipe restrictions could be introduced if high temperatures persist. This is especially likely in the south of England. Met Office forecaster Simon Partridge said: “At the moment, we are looking at a 30 percent chance of seeing the highest temperature recorded in the UK, if that does happen we will have to record higher than 38.7 degrees – which was back in 2019 in Cambridge. "Technically, if we don't drop below 20 degrees overnight that is classed as a tropical night, so parts of Yorkshire – which sounds ridiculous – are going to have a tropical night tonight.”