During the warmer months, flies often invade UK homes in search of food and a home. Common house flies are attracted to decaying matter such as meat while fruit flies love rotting fruit and sugary drinks. Luckily, there are lots of methods to try and help reduce the problem, including making a homemade deterrent spray. Polly Shearer, cleaning expert at Tap Warehouse explained that hot temperatures causes an increase in flies, meaning Britons may be seeing more of them in their homes this week. She said: “I recommend using preventative measures to stop flies and insects breeding in your kitchen this summer. “Make your own natural fly deterrent spray. “The smell of essential oils like mint, lemongrass and lavender are hated by flies. READ MORE: ‘Most effective’ 36p natural scent to repel moths from homes in summer “You can create your own natural fly deterrent spray by adding a few drops of any of these oils to water in a spray bottle.” Polly recommended using lavender as this scent can also help to keep the kitchen smelling fresh. Britons can simply spritz the natural remedy around the kitchen throughout the day. The cleaning expert said this will “deter flies from entering”. DON'T MISS:Monty Don: ‘Best defence’ for tomatoes as ‘risk of blight increases’ [COMMENT]Stain removal: I tried two hacks to remove coffee stains from clothing [PICTURES]Paint: ‘Dull and unappealing’ colours to avoid when decorating [EXPERT] She added: “Store fizzy drinks in your fridge and wipe any spills immediately. “Fruit flies are attracted to the carbon dioxide in fizzy drinks, so if these drinks are left out, your kitchen fruit flies may begin to gather around the area, especially if there are any spillages. “Be sure to wipe any spillages and clean the bottles to prevent fruit flies from being attracted to them. “You can also store your fizzy drinks in the fridge to keep fruit flies away from them.” READ MORE: Lawn care: Seven steps to get ‘healthy’ and ‘bright’ grass It is also very important to keep the kitchen bin dry throughout the summer months. The process of food rotting speeds up during the warmer months, attracting flies, insects and maggots. Polly explained: “It’s important to clean and empty your bin more frequently during summer. “One great hack is to sprinkle baking soda at the bottom of your bin before putting in a new bin bag. “The baking soda should absorb any smells that leak out of the bag. “Also don’t leave dirty dishes by the sink… we recommend washing your dishes in the summer as soon as possible in order to prevent flies from contaminating your dishes with bacteria and even laying eggs on them.” If you have any food leftovers, keep them fully sealed in storage tubs or bags. This is because flies like to lay eggs in places with warmer temperatures, which can cause trouble when leaving food out to cool down. The cleaning expert continued: “Use apple cider vinegar costing as little as 80p to deter fruit flies. “Fruit flies in the summer can cause havoc in your kitchen, often resulting in food waste due to people not wanting to eat the fruit touched by flies. “If your kitchen has fruit flies, you should half fill a glass with apple cider vinegar and cover it with clingfilm and poke small holes into the clingfilm. “This should attract the fruit flies to enter the glass and you can then let them free outside of your home. “It’s also important to store your fruit in the fridge to prevent flies from returning.” Britons can also use herbs to keep flies away, including basil. According to the expert it can help to keep mosquitoes away too.