Rishi (played by Bhasker Patel) hasn't been seen much since his relationship with Manpreet Sharma (Rebecca Sarker) came to an end following the arrivals of Charles Anderson (Kevin Mathurin) and the troublesome Meena Jutla (Paige Sandhu). The beloved Emmerdale character was involved in a short storyline earlier this year when his health was impacted by his son, Jai Sharma (Chris Bisson), having huge financial problems. However, it seems he will find himself distracted by a new partner in upcoming scenes on the ITV soap but she might land him in the same trouble as his ex-wife Manpreet did. The drama begins in next week's episodes as Mandy Dingle (Lisa Riley) is still unsure as to what game Sandra Flaherty (Joanne Mitchell) is playing. With money going missing from the tip jar at the salon, she is convinced Liv Flaherty's (Isobel Steele) mother has taken it. As she voices her concerns to her daughter-in-law, Sandra gets acquainted with Rishi at the salon, watched on by Bernice Blackstock (Samantha Giles). When she hears he has had an unexpected injection of cash into his bank account, her scheming ways go into overdrive. When he is finished up, Rishi ends up giving Sandra a tip and to prove a point and get Mandy off her back, she puts the money in the jar in front of the Dingle icon. READ MORE: Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen 'isolated' at Ravenseat Puzzled by who could have taken the tip money, Mandy installs some CCTV software to try and catch the culprit in the act. With everything sorted at the salon, Rishi leaves to get ready for a date, having got himself onto some dating apps recently. He is amazed when he gets a response from someone who is very keen to meet him but he has no idea it's actually Sandra. Since she returned to the village a few weeks ago, it has been her motive to get her hands on as much money as possible. Wanting to reel Rishi in, she makes him believe he is going on a date at the Woolpack before cancelling at the last minute. Swooping in and all glammed up, Sandra offers to keep Rishi company, hoping he will be more open with her now she's made him vulnerable. The pair end up going back to Rishi's house and it's not too long before the beloved character is leading his new friend to the bedroom. When he wakes the next morning, Rishi is worried about how it will look to others given they have only known each other a day. Sandra plays on this insecurity and by the end of their conversation, she manipulates him into handing over an envelope full of money. Upset with himself, Rishi drowns his sorrows as Sandra pockets yet more money which is not hers. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale’s Jay Kontzle stunned as wife unveils third pregnancy [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Gemma Oaten forced to have ‘all her top teeth removed’ [COMMENT]Laura Norton weight loss: The big changes that saw TV star lose 3st [ANALYSIS] However, could she end up using her affair with Rishi to her advantage in the future as she blackmails him into giving her more money to stay quiet? Completely unaware he is being manipulated, Rishi could believe he has found himself a new lover and would be blissfully happy. Though, history would be repeating itself as Manpreet used to spend all of her husband's money when she developed a shopping addiction. She would max out all of his credit cards and the doctor agreed to pay him back given how much debt she left him in. Will Rishi realise he is making the same mistake or will the wool be pulled over his eyes once again as he is played by Sandra? The actor who plays Rishi and Hollywood star Bhasker has spoken out about his character and how it can be easy for someone to use his kind heart to their advantage. Bhasker said: "I could be friends with Rishi - he's a very positive person, and comes from a hard-working background. "Rishi started from nothing, came to somewhere, had a dream, started a family, and build up his business. "He's always helped people and taking them under his ring. I'd love to have someone like Rishi in my life," the soap star added. Having been in the soap for 10 years, the actor has also addressed what he would like to see happen to his alter-ego in the future. Bhasker explained: "That's a tough one! I know 'Emmerdale' is a big tapestry, and I'm a little thread somewhere - but it'd be nice, now that Rishi doesn't have the factory anymore, to go into another business. "He could be a partner in the Woolpack! I'm not sure how Chas and Rishi would work in the Woolpack - she's a no-nonsense woman, and I think that he would annoy her," he told Inside Soap Magazine. The actor also stated there are a few places he gets recognised in public, adding: "There are a few places - a couple of urinals in hotels! "But there was one time recently in a supermarket where someone just kept following me. I was wearing a mask so they could only see my eyes, but I caught his eye, and he goes: 'Ah, ha! So they did let you out of Emmerdale village'. "And I couldn't believe it, I hadn't even said anything." Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.