Christian Eriksen could make his first appearance in a Manchester United shirt in a behind-closed-doors friendly against Wrexham, according to reports. United were initially set to field a youth team against the National League outfit but Erik ten Hag has now decided to give minutes to some first-team players. The Red Devils have returned from their pre-season tour to Australia. Ten Hag's side threw away a 2-0 lead over Aston Villa on Saturday to end their 100 per cent winning record to that point. Ten Hag has given opportunities to most of his first-team squad, including summer buy Tyrell Malacia. But free transfer signing Eriksen is yet to feature. Eriksen left Brentford at the end of last season and has signed a three-year contract at Old Trafford. He did not meet up with the squad on their tour but is now in Manchester to start training. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd's De Jong belief, Ronaldo talks, Arsenal concern  And the Manchester Evening News says he could feature against Wrexham on Wednesday. The Welsh side will visit United's Carrington training ground for a friendly. United have two official friendlies this week, playing Atletico Madrid in Oslo on Saturday before a home match against Rayo Vallecano a day later. But Ten Hag is keen to give some senior players more minutes ahead of the new season and that will happen against Wrexham. After months of speculation, Eriksen decided on United as his next club earlier this month. And he is looking forward to beginning a new chapter in Manchester. He said: “Manchester United is a special club, and I cannot wait to get started. I have had the privilege of playing at Old Trafford many times but to do it in the red shirt of United will be an amazing feeling. DON'T MISSArsenal star Vieira 'suffered fractured foot' as Tomiyasu, Tierney updates givenMan Utd could help Chelsea sign Kounde as Barcelona seek to fix £8.4m problemArsenal include smart clause in Guendouzi and Hutchinson transfers  “I have seen Erik’s work at Ajax and know the level of detail and preparation that he and his staff put into every day. It is clear that he is a fantastic coach. "Having spoken with him and learned more about his vision and the way he wants the team to play, I am even more excited for the future. I still have major ambitions in the game, there is a huge amount that I know I can achieve, and this is the perfect place to continue my journey.” United start their Premier League campaign on August 7 when they host Brighton. Click here to buy the new Man Utd home shirt