A journalist for Manchester Evening News has shared the lunch she bought for herself and the four children she had in tow at the Trafford Centre over the weekend. Much to her surprise, she said the total cost of the meals was extremely expensive. Emma Gill wanted to treat herself and the four children she had with her at the Trafford Centre over the weekend. She decided to try out one of the shopping centre’s popular eateries, Slim Chickens. To keep it simple, Emma said she opted for “chicken, chips, and a shake for each of us”. But, she stressed that what she “wasn’t quite prepared for” was the price. READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Kate Middleton's relationship is 'frosty' “A shocking £64,” Emma told Manchester Evening News. “That's with three chicken tenders costing £4.80 each, fries costing £3 each and a shake £5 each.” Slim Chickens later pointed out that she could have saved had Emma ordered a meal for each person, rather than individual items, and that she could have upgraded from a soft drink to a shake to save £2 per person. She could have also received some Texas toast that comes with the meals. However, Emma said she didn’t see this option on the screen at the kiosk she ordered at, and “a £10 saving is not a huge amount when the overall bill would have still come in at £54”. “Plus, it would be helpful if any offers like this were added automatically at the checkout,” the journalist added. “Any busy parent knows how difficult it can be making multiple orders and you don't always know what are the best offers to take advantage of. “The place does offer kids’ meals where you get two tenders, Texas toast, fries, carrots, cucumber and a carton drink for £5, but these are only for those aged 10 and under.” However, the children Emma was taking care of were 11 and 13, and so they were too old for the meal deal. Although it cost her a fortune, Emma explained the food was “faultless” and was “served quickly by friendly staff”. “While three tenders didn’t sound many, they were pretty big, as were the portions of fries and while the chicken got polished off, along with the accompanying honey BBQ dipping sauce, we simply couldn’t manage all the fries between us all,” she continued. “Most likely because of the thick milkshakes, which I have to say were delicious and on another level to the ‘more froth than milkshake’ kind you get in typical fast food joints.” A spokesperson for Slim Chickens, which also has a branch in Manchester’s Arndale Centre, said: “You could have got this cheaper by doing it as a meal. “We have £5 kids’ meals and it’s all cooked fresh. This is not a fast food restaurant. “Slim Chickens won Multi Site Quick Service Restaurant Of The Year Award 2022 for the UK earlier this month and everyone loves the brand.” He added that the restaurants offer a number of deals to keep costs down, including a “four tenders for £4 offer” they ran on July 4 and a two for one milkshake promotion from July 18 to 24.