Paddy McGuinness has denied reports he flirted with a TV star who resembled his wife Christine. It had been claimed the former glamour model was “furious” amid the news the couple are splitting up. But a representative for Paddy has now denied to the Daily Mail that there is any truth to the claims. Christine’s spokesperson added that she is “dealing with the breakdown of her marriage in private”. A source had told The Sun she was “very hurt” by claims Paddy had strayed. The source claimed Christine had learnt Paddy had kissed someone else while filming The Games in April, before hearing of the flirting allegations with a blonde lookalike. They alleged she confronted her husband about the claims. “She was furious,” they claimed. “She had a feeling for a while something wasn’t right. She was convinced that at the very least there was an attraction there. “She felt hurt and betrayed. She didn’t want to react immediately, so she pretended she was none the wiser and gave herself some time to think and work out what to do.” They added that Christine felt there was no possible way to continue once the trust had gone, but Paddy’s team have firmly denied this is the case. Christine had alluded to issues in her marriage earlier this month, when she told Fabulous magazine the couple were having a “difficult time”. “I didn’t cause this situation,” she added. And the pair confirmed earlier this week that they were going their separate ways. DON'T MISS...Monty Don addresses Gardeners' World shake-up after change [INSIGHT] Angela Rippon hits back after warning she'd 'never work for BBC again' [EXCLUSIVE] Paul O'Grady 'stuck' in Malta after testing positive for Covid [LATEST] "We hadn't planned on sharing this publicly until we were ready but after the lack of privacy surrounding our personal life, we felt we were left with no other option,” they said in a joint statement. "A while ago we took the difficult decision to separate but our main focus is always to continue loving and supporting our children. "This was not an easy decision to make but we're moving forward as the best parents we can be for our three beautiful children." It continued: "We'll always be a loving family, we still have a great relationship and still live happily in our family home together. "We hope this now draws a line under anymore unwanted and unnecessary intrusion into our private life." They finished: "Although we work in the public eye, we ask kindly if you could respect our wishes for privacy on this matter. We'll be making no further comment. "Loads of love. Paddy & Christine." "We hadn't planned on sharing this publicly until we were ready but after the lack of privacy surrounding our personal life, we felt we were left with no other option,” they said in a joint statement. "A while ago we took the difficult decision to separate but our main focus is always to continue loving and supporting our children. "This was not an easy decision to make but we're moving forward as the best parents we can be for our three beautiful children."