Police were alerted to the incident at around 5.10pm yesterday, July 13. The body was found on the line between Prestatyn in Wales and Chester. British Transport Police were joined by North Wales Fire and Rescue and members of the Welsh Ambulance Service and Wales Air Ambulance. The man was pronounced dead at the scene, reports North Wales Live. Trains services were halted for around three hours because of the incident, with all lines reopening at around 9.20pm. The man's next of kin have been informed. Police are currently investigating the circumstances surrounding the man's death and the British Transport Police has said they are treating whatr happened as suspicious. A spokesperson for British Transport Police said: "Officers were called to the line close to Prestatyn Golf Club at 5.10pm this evening to reports of a casualty on the tracks. "Officers and colleagues from the ambulance service attended, but sadly a man was declared dead at the scene. His next of kin have been informed. "The incident is currently being treated as suspicious while enquiries are ongoing to establish the circumstances of what took place." A Welsh Ambulance Service spokesperson said: "We were called just after 5.10pm and sent three emergency ambulances, a rapid response vehicle and were joined by colleagues from the air ambulance." People have taken to Facebook to pass on their condolences to the man's family and the driver of the train. Amy Baker said: "Thoughts go out to the family." Ellen Evans added: "Poor man. Thoughts go out to the poor driver too. Condolences to all." It comes after a person was hit by a train last week in London. Rail services to and from London Paddington were delayed for several hours on July 6 following the death. All lines between Paddington and Reading, Berkshire, were blocked. However, services to and from other destinations were affected too. South Western Railway (SWR) stepped in to take passengers between London Waterloo and Reading in both directions "via any reasonable route", while Chiltern Railways transported passengers between London Marleybone and Oxford, and CrossCountry conveyed passengers between Reading and Oxford in both directions.