Mohamed Salah’s close friendship with Liverpool legend Ian Rush helped keep the Egyptian superstar at Anfield according to reports. The winger signed a new three-year deal on Friday, keeping him on Merseyside until 2025. It originally appeared as if Salah could be set to end his spell at Liverpool at the end of the upcoming season with the club unable to agree on new terms with their star player. It had been rumoured that the forward was prepared to leave the Anfield side on a free transfer in 2023, with Premier League sides like Chelsea and Newcastle linked. However, the two parties have now been able to agree on a package worth around £350,000 per week. Now, The Athletic report that the star never wanted to leave Liverpool despite the interest from elsewhere. He has a close friendship with Ian Rush and the Anfield legend encouraged him to stay at the club in order to maintain his legacy. DON'T MISS: Mo Salah sparks scenes of joy as his close friends are seen celebrating huge new Liverpool contract Salah has enjoyed a hugely successful spell in the north west scoring 156 goals in 254 appearances. He helped the club to Champions League success in 2019, scoring the opening goal in the final from the penalty spot, before playing a crucial role in helping Liverpool end their 30-year wait for the Premier League title in 2020. Speaking to Liverpool’s club website after his new deal was announced the wideman spoke of his excitement to commit his future to Jurgen Klopp’s side and compete for more trophies “I feel great and I am excited to win trophies with the club,” Salah said. “It’s a happy day for everyone. “It takes a little bit of time, I think, to renew, but now everything is done so we just need to focus on what’s next. I think you can see in the last five or six years the team was always going upwards. “Last season we were close to winning four, but unfortunately in the last week of the season, we lost two trophies. I think we are in a good position to fight for everything. We have new signings as well. We just need to keep working hard, have a good vision, be positive and go for everything again.” Salah also spoke directly to the club’s fans thanking them for their support and encouraging them to get behind the side’s trophy push next season. “My message to the fans is the players in the team want to give our best next season to try to win all the trophies,” the Egypt captain explained.  “As usual, you stay behind us and give us a big push and I am sure we are going to win trophies again together.” 