Those looking to sell their homes and move by Christmas (December 23) have a very limited window of time left. For those who have a target date in mind, it’s important to know how long it could take to sell your home. Now, property experts at GetAgent have analysed the sales patterns of houses up and down the UK so that homeowners know how long a sale should take. The new research has shown that homeowners should list their properties by July 26, if they want to complete the sale by December 23. To help speed up the selling process so homeowners can move before Christmas, the experts at GetAgent have revealed their tops tips for a speedy sale. Homes that look clean and spacious are more appealing to buyers. Before listing a home, take the time to clear it out, give it a deep clean and make sure it looks its best. Sellers need to create the best first impression they can for potential buyers. READ MORE: Baking soda cleaning: 5 areas to clean - from sinks to showers Pricing correctly is the most important thing when it comes to selling a property. On average, a property listing will get the most views in the first two weeks. Setting the wrong price initially will mean sellers could miss out on potential buyers. Most buyers start their property search online by filtering by price.  DON'T MISSHow to prune lavender and what to do with the cuttings [INSIGHT]Chatsworth secret garden unseen for 300 years revealed in heatwave [UPDATE]‘Time to stop’ Secret trick to guarantee your rhubarb harvest [ANALYSIS] Homes that are overpriced won’t feature in these buyers’ searches because it will seem like poor value for money compared to other properties on offer. Good quality photos and an engaging description can make a huge difference in encouraging potential buyers to view a property. Photographs are the first glimpse people have of the a property. Estate agents will know exactly what to change if the photos don’t show the property in its best light. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea The right estate agent will do the majority of the work and will be able to sell the type of property you have in the area it’s in. The right agent will accurately value the home and ensure it is advertised effectively. They will also know what attracts buyers, and they might even have a database of people currently looking for properties similar your home in the area. Choosing and instructing a conveyancing solicitor early is the best way to prepare for the legal process. This will show buyers that you’re ready and eager for the legal parts of the transaction - which take the most time - to get started. Colby Short, co-founder and CEO of GetAgent said: “There's no easy answer to the question ‘how long does it take to sell a house?' as so many factors are involved in the process - from location and the time of year, to the motivation level of the buyer, or the skill and experience of your estate agent.  “Securing an offer is often the hardest part of the process, but there are a few things you can do to speed up the process one you have buyers interested too. “For example, if you’re able to, consider favouring cash buyers - waiting for a buyer to receive a mortgage can add time and uncertainty to your sales timeline. “In order to get a head start on the paperwork, ensure that you’re starting the legal work early, and appoint an experienced and proactive solicitor or conveyancer as soon as possible. “If you have a leasehold property, for example, you’ll need to get a report from the freeholder. “This can take a long time, so the sooner you start, the less likely it is to hold things up. “For those wanting to complete a sale by Christmas, it’s advisable to look at listing your property as soon as possible - and at the very latest the end of July, to ensure enough time is left to go through the lengthy and sometimes unpredictable process of selling your home.”