Last week, Sam McAlister appeared on Times Radio to speak of Princess Beatrice's involvement in Prince Andrew's 2019 bombshell interview with Emily Maitlis. The Queen's second son allegedly arrived with his eldest daughter to an interview preparation meeting and had failed to discuss her presence beforehand. Ms McAlister claimed Beatrice, who was sat out of shot, was "a curveball" in the disgraced royal's plan. Times Radio presenter Ayesha Hazarika asked Ms McAlister: "Do you think that's why he bought Beatrice into the room to try and make it more difficult to have those conversations. "[Because] as you say, incredibly serious and quite tawdry allegations." Ms McAlister replied: "On the face of it, the reason he bought her is that they were going out, they were going to have a cup of tea or a cup of coffee afterwards. "So I don't think she'd known he was doing this conversation. READ MORE: 'Arrogance and hubris from Meghan Markle is staggering' Duchess savaged in Hollywood row "When she found out, understandably, someone wanting to protect her father, obviously that's what any daughter would want to do. She asked to come along too." She added: "That was my impression. "She was, kind of, there apropos of nothing and suddenly she was in that room with us. "A complete curveball in my negotiation tactic". READ MORE: 'Ghastly!' Fury as Prince Harry memoir 'ghostwritten by Meghan' set for Christmas release Ms McAlister discussed how it is thought that Beatrice only learned of the meeting after being invited to tea with her father later that day, and this prompted her to request to sit in during the talk. The interview between Prince Andrew and journalist Emily Maitlis saw him answer allegations that he had sex with a trafficked 17-year-old girl – which he has always denied. He also explained his friendship with convicted paedophile Jeffrey Epstein. DON'T MISS Royal Family LIVE: 'Not subtle at all!' Harry slammed for sparking row [LIVE] Harry and Meghan 'on course to cause as much trouble as possible' [REVEAL] Royal POLL: Should Meghan and Harry take up Queen's Balmoral invite? [POLL] Andrew’s interview with Emily was widely regarded as disastrous. In February 2022, it was confirmed Prince Andrew had agreed to pay a settlement fee, despite vehemently denying the accusations, to bring the civil sexual assault case brought by his accuser, Virginia Giuffre, to a close. READ NEXT: