Dr Isyaka Mamman, 85, was today jailed for three years after a court heard he pierced the sac containing Shahida Parveen's heart while trying to extract bone marrow from her sternum. Mamman had already been suspended once by medical watchdogs and was sacked - but then re-employed by the Royal Oldham Hospital, where he was responsible for a series of critical incidents. Manchester Crown Court was told the doctor performed the "highly dangerous procedure" on the 48-year-old mum in a bid to get a bone marrow sample from Ms Parveen's sternum - despite objections from the patient and her husband. Normally, samples are taken from the hip bone but Mamman failed to obtain a sample on the first attempt. Jailing Mamman, Mrs Justice Yip said the death was the medic's main responsibility but the hospital trust should have done more after Mamman had lied about his age and botched two earlier similar procedures, injuring patients. The elderly doctor, who had also used various dates of birth and left his previous job through "poor performance", pleaded guilty at an earlier hearing to gross negligence manslaughter, Mirror Online reports. Mamman, from Oldham, Greater Manchester, used the wrong biopsy needle, missed the bone and pierced Ms Parveen's pericardium, the sac containing the heart. Andrew Thomas QC, prosecuting, said the woman suffered massive internal bleeding and lost consciousness. Her husband, Khizar Mahmood, ran from the room shouting: "He killed her. I told him to stop three times and he did not listen. He killed her." A crash team arrived but Ms Parveen was confirmed dead later the same day, on September 3, 2018. Mamman qualified as a doctor in Nigeria in 1965 and had worked in the UK since 1991. From 2004 until the time of the fatal incident he was employed by the Pennine Acute Hospitals NHS Trust. But his "true age" is a matter of "controversy", the court heard, as his birthplace in rural Nigeria had no system of birth registration. During his medical training, he gave a date of birth of September 16, 1936, which meant that he was 21 years old when he began his medical training and 81 at the time of the fatal hospital incident. But he knocked years off his age by adopting a birth date in 1941, provided to the NHS, suggesting he began his medical degree at the age of 16.  However, in about 2001 and approaching what was then the compulsory retirement age of 65, Mamman adopted an even later birth date - October 1947 - which he relied upon in an application for naturalisation as a British citizen - suggesting he started his degree course at the age of 10. In 2004 he was found guilty of serious professional misconduct by the General Medical Council and suspended for 12 months for lying about his age. The Pennine Trust sacked him but then re-employed him in 2006, after he had been restored to the register by the GMC, who accepted his date of birth to be 1943 - which meant he was 14 or 15 when he began his medical degree.  Mamman had left his previous employment with the Medway Trust because of "poor performance", and in 2015 a formal complaint was made to the Oldham hospital when a patient complained he used "excessive force" during a bone marrow biopsy. The patient was told that Mamman was in his 70s and his colleagues thought he should retire but they could not dismiss him purely because of his age.  She was assured he would be put on light duties in future. However the same year there was another clinical incident which resulted in serious injury to another patient, again during a bone marrow biopsy, and again involving a needle being inserted in the wrong place. That patient survived but has been left permanently disabled. 