Cristiano Ronaldo has been told a move to Bayern Munich would suit him better than joining Chelsea. The Portuguese superstar has submitted a transfer request to Manchester United, with Chelsea owner Todd Boehly having met with Ronaldo's agent Jorge Mendes over a potential deal. But former World Cup winner Lothar Matthaus believes that Ronaldo should snub a move to Stamford Bridge. Matthaus has instead insisted that Bayern would be the best destination, as they search for a replacement for wantaway star Robert Lewandowski. "For me, a good solution in the Lewandowski case would be: either Robert stays, as communicated by the club, or they sell him at the highest price and get a really good replacement. Could this actually be Cristiano Ronaldo?" Mattahus told Sky Germany. "Of course, that would not be a transfer with a view to the future. He's 37 and would always make headlines. I'm also not sure if he fits into Bayern Munich's system. But he's still an outstanding goalscorer. He's one of the best strikers of all time and would certainly score around 30 goals. Refinancing through jersey sales and the like would be guaranteed. READ MORE: Man Utd icon Gary Neville gives club advice over Cristiano Ronaldo "Ronaldo to Bayern would be sexy! At least you should think through the options and play through them once. If you at Bayern are of the opinion that Cristiano Ronaldo is still physically able to really help for a year or two and that you can invest the transfer fee generated for Lewandowski more or less one-to-one in the Portuguese megastar, I would think about it." But Matthaus did caution Bayern fans that Ronaldo may have to lower his salary demands if he wanted to move to the Bundesliga. If Ronaldo was willing to do that though, Matthaus would be left delighted at the strength of Bayern's attacking options. DON'T MISS: Man Utd 'open' to Cristiano Ronaldo transfer due to Erik ten Hag (TRANSFERS)Chelsea Cristiano Ronaldo talks 'continue' but Tuchel could veto raid (NEWS)Cristiano Ronaldo’s four demanded signings for Man Utd examined (ANALYSIS) "If he is 'satisfied' with a salary similar to that of Lewandowski, one could embark on the Ronaldo hype. Then Nagelsmann would have two great German internationals in central midfield and really good backups in Gravenberch and Laimer. On the offensive, Bayern could score an incredible number of goals with Mane, Müller, Ronaldo and Coman," he added. "Their competitors were called Gnabry and Sane. Here, too, the pressure of competition and performance would be extremely high for everyone and nobody could rest. Maybe Gnabry will leave the club, and then financially everything would be reasonably reasonable."