Robert Lewandowski has risked the wrath of Bayern Munich by showing up late for training, as speculation over his future rumbles on. The veteran striker wants to quit the German giants to join Barcelona this summer, while Chelsea have also been credited with an interest in the Bayern ace. Lewandowski has been a revelation since he joined Bayern on a free transfer from their bitter rivals, Borussia Dortmund. But while Lewandowski now feels he has achieved all he can at the club, Bayern are determined to keep hold of their talisman this summer. And according to a new report from Bild, the situation has taken another turn after Lewandowski turned up six minutes late to a pre-season training session. The report also claims that Lewandowski was the last player out on to the pitch at the start of the session, and that the 33-year-old 'trained with a body language that suggests he wants to quit the club'. Despite Bayern's reluctance to sell, Barcelona are expected to table a bid worth in excess of €50million (£42.3m) for the potent frontman this week, according to Sky in Germany. The Spanish giants are hopeful that a deal can be wrapped up quickly once an agreement is struck with Bayern, with Lewandowski's personal terms not expected to be an issue. READ MORE: Eden Hazard has four next club options after Real Madrid put star 'on the market' If Barcelona do table such an offer, it would be a reasonable improvement on the €40m (£33.8m) bid that Bayern Munich rebuffed out of hand last month. Cashing in on Lewandowski would potentially enable Bayern to stump up the funds to land Juventus defender Matthijs de Ligt, who has emerged as a target in recent weeks. Lewandowski has not been shy about his desire to seek a new challenge, however, Bayern remain adamant that the former Dortmund star is not for sale. Speaking at a Poland press conference back in May, Lewandowski said: “My story at Bayern is over. After everything that has happened in recent months, I cannot imagine further good cooperation. DON'T MISS: Celtic 'preparing bid' for 'frustrated' PSG wonderkidNewcastle may grant Isak's Premier League wish on one conditionErik ten Hag has three Man Utd stars 'in contention' for captaincy if Harry Maguire axed “Bayern is a serious club and I hope they will not keep me just because they can. A transfer is the best solution for all parties.” But his public statement did not go down well with Bayern CEO Oliver Khan, who fired back with a warning of his own. He told SPORT1 earlier this summer: “I can’t tell you why Robert chose this path. Public statements like that don’t get you anywhere. “Robert became [Fifa Best’s Men’s Player of the Year] here twice in a row – I think he should know what he has at Bayern. Appreciation is not a one-way street.”