The BBC were made to apologise after Nick Kyrgios' X-rated rant during his Wimbledon final with Novak Djokovic. After asking the umpire to remove a fan in the front row that the Aussie claimed had been talking to him during the match, Kyrgios became frustrated in the second set and his misbehaviour forced the broadcaster to apologise to the viewers. After Kyrgios' foul-mouthed speech, commentator Andrew Castle apologised for the language used and told viewers that there was nothing that could be done by the broadcaster during live sport.  “Apologies for the language," Castle said. "It’s live sport.” The Australian playing in his first-ever Grand Slam final was not happy with one fan, who he claimed had "about 700 drinks" and needed to be removed from the arena. “It shouldn’t be coming down to your opinion," Kyrgios told the umpire. "It’s distracting me when I am serving in a Wimbledon final. “There’s no other bigger occasion, you didn’t believe me and she did it again and it nearly cost me the game. Why is she still here?! She is drunk out of her mind in the first row speaking to me in the middle of the game. What is acceptable? Keep her out. I know exactly which one it is, it’s the one who looks like she has had about 700 drinks bro.” JUST IN: Nick Kyrgios’ girlfriend praises his 'resilience' amid Wimbledon final In the third set Kyrgios struggled to keep his cool and continued to make comments to his box. "Every time!", Kyrgios shouted. "40-15! 40-love! Why do you stop?! Why?! Say something!" "It's hard to watch right now because it's frustrating," BBC commentator Todd Woodbridge said. "The first set there wasn't one word uttered and now everything is outside of the perimeter of the actually tennis court." DON'T MISSNick Kyrgios and Novak Djokovic's Wimbledon final snubbed by MedvedevNick Kyrgios' players box urged to turn 'nasty' against Novak Djokovic'Appalling tactic' Kyrgios criticised minutes into Wimbledon final  Former Wimbledon champion Marion Bartoli believes that the umpire should have stepped in and put a stop to the 27-year-old's antics. "This just has to stop," Bartoli told BBC 5 Live. "Kyrgios can't keep doing this - this is the final of Wimbledon. The umpire has to step and do something." Former British No 1 Annabel Croft believes that the Kyrgios that won the first set is a very different character to the one that became frustrated with the fans and umpire. "Kyrgios is a completely different character to the one that started the match," Croft added. "The tennis was flowing and was spectacular. I would hate to be in his camp - they don't know whether to stand up or sit down. They are like jack in the boxes there. Djokovic will have to concetrate - he is just chuntering non-stop." 