Mrs Hinch rose to fame on social media when she started to share unusual cleaning tips and tricks. Now, her fans share their own hacks on dedicated cleaning forums, including how to get rid of ants. Posting on the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, Jan Kelly wrote: “Any tips on getting rid of ants? Need to be pet safe.” As well as being a nuisance, ants can be unhygienic, especially if appearing in areas like the kitchen. They usually come indoors in search of food or a nesting habitat. Even small amounts of food, like pet crumbs, can attract hundreds of ants. This is why it is extremely important to keep the home clean and promptly clean any food spillages before ants discover them. READ MORE: ‘Worst thing for them’: Mrs Hinch fans share 25p hack to oust slugs However, ants are more common during the summer months which means even if the home is clean, they may still find a way in. If you are suffering from an ant infestation, Mrs Hinch fans shared top hacks to try. Margaret Gray said: “Icing sugar and bicarbonate of soda, sprinkle it where you see them. “They will pick it up on their feet and take it back to the nest.” DON'T MISS:How to stop fungus gnat infestation this summer [COMMENT]‘Creative’ watering hacks to keep houseplants alive while away [EXPERT]Homes Under the Hammer: Retired buyer boosts house price by £30k [PICTURES] Shelley Warr wrote: “They really hate icing sugar mixed with baking soda, I find it the easiest way to get rid of them.” Lisa Hughes said: “Agree with Shelley, gets rid of them!” The mixture can be placed directly onto the counter, floor or windowsill. The ants will be attracted to the sugar, and carry it back to their nests. READ MORE: Gardening jobs to do now to keep the garden in ‘tip top’ shape If consumed, the ants will die. According to Mrs Hinch fans, ants also hate talcum powder. Karen Brown commented: “Use talc if you know where they are coming in. “They seem oblivious to anything like disinfectant or bleach.” Kerry-Ann Hubble said: “They hate talcum powder.” Other group members suggested using white vinegar or boiling water. According to experts at www.hillarys.co.uk, chalk is also a great way to deter ants. They said: “Chalk contains calcium carbonate and this confuses the scent that the ants are following. “Drawing lines of chalk around an entrance should keep ants from coming inside. “It isn’t totally clear why they simply won’t cross the line, but it does work. “Be sure to avoid insecticide chalks though as these will kill the ants. The interior experts also suggested white vinegar, claiming that ants “detest” the household essential. Mixed with water, the spray can be used around window sills, doorways and other places ants enter the home.