Dame Deborah James will of course have felt sadness at times but chose to use her remaining time to make a difference and to get every possible positive outcome out of a challenging and difficult situation. She has raised the profile of bowel cancer and will save lives through her fundraising as well as raising awareness of symptoms. What a great example of positivity she has been. Her family must be so proud. Well done Deborah. If the evil Ghislaine is allowed to do her jail time here, no doubt it will be slashed, says Tom McKenzie, from Southport, Merseyside. Then she will have a reduction for time served on remand, and no doubt after a year or so she will go to an open prison and be able to leave there for days out.Why should we fund her sentence? She deserves to serve her full sentence in the USA at their expense, rather than our taxpayers funding offences committed there. Prince Charles has often been delightfully eccentric, but he has also never ceased to be the Prince of Wales, says Ian McNicholas, from Ebbw Vale, Blaenau Gwent. If the heir to the British throne wishes to carry around suitcases full of money, given to him publicly as donations to his royal charities by an equally eccentric foreign head of state, which are then passed on to said charities, the principle is no different to any other charity cash collection. I am not saddened at the loss of Andy Murray from this year's Wimbledon, says Martin Berry, from Winsford, Cheshire. His surly manner and moaning during the match was tiresome and not fitting of a knight of the realm. He lacked the discipline and good grace of his opponent John Isner, who kept his cool against a partisan crowd and is a credit to the game. And the BBC gets it wrong again. I wonder how many others tuned in to their recordings of the Great British Sewing Bee final, only to get a tennis match instead, says Kath Garner, from Tollerton, North Yorkshire. Why switch channels when it's the finale of a show that so many people love, for something we are not interested in? I'm disappointed. Leave the programming schedules alone.