Organised "go-slow" road protests were staged on motorways yesterday - with warnings of worse to follow. Britain's A-roads could resemble car parks all summer if the demonstrations receive support from a public left impoverished by soaring inflation and rising pump prices.  Howard Cox, founder of campaign group FairFuelUK, warned that while his organisation was not involved yesterday there is an appetite for "go-slow" action. He said if the Government did not step up there could be a "serious escalation of protests". Yesterday's fuel demo started at around 7am and were organised in advance by a number of individuals via social media under the separate banners Fuel Price Stand Against Tax and Stand Up To Fuel Prices. Convoys of protesters caused rush-hour delays and disruption on motorways and A-roads across England, Wales and Scotland leading to a dozen public order arrests on the M4's Prince of Wales Bridge alone - for driving too slowly. Rolling roadblocks created by lorries, vans and cars forced traffic to slow or stop. One man was also arrested in Devon, and police in Shropshire threatened action against any protesters putting fellow road users in danger. When the M4 in SouthWales was shut both ways completely at around 8am, some fed-up drivers had a kickabout with a football on the empty carriageways. West Yorkshire Police used a stinger at the Ferrybridge services on the M62 to stop drivers from joining the protest. Officers were also called to a protest at a petrol station in Shepton Mallet, Somerset.  Motorways such as the M54 in Shropshire, the M5 and the M32 also saw protests. The A12 near Colchester was also the scene of demonstrations. Some protesters took to social media to call for similar nationwide go-slow protests, urging all major routes into London to be targeted for maximum effect. One supporter posted on the Fuel Price Stand Against Tax Facebook page: "Great job. Greedy "Next one needs to be all you guys getting organised together and do the same on every single motorway leading in and out of London, all at the exact same time. That will cause much more disruption for our delightful greedy government." Another suggested: "Only way is to bring London to a standstill. Block all the MPs' roads where they live." Some who took part in a roadblock across the Prince of Wales Bridge, between South Wales and South Gloucestershire, were stopped and detained for driving below the agreed 30mph speed for a prolonged period of time. Dozens of police vans and officers from both Gwent Police and Avon and Somerset Police were at the bridge at 8.30am when four people were arrested, and at 10.45am when another eight were held. The bridge was closed for more than an hour in both directions. Protesters were loaded into a police van and taken to Newport Central police station. Among those arrested was former HGV driver Vicky Stamper, 41, from Cwmbran, in South Wales, who revealed she and her partner Darren had to quit jobs over the border in Bristol due to fuel costs.  She said: "It was costing us £380 a week just to get to and from work." M4 road block organiser Ashley Fowler, 24, from Cardiff, said when he launched the event on Facebook it was shared thousands of times. The delivery driver said he is so affected by fuel price rises he is having to leave his flat to move back in with his mother. Ashley said: "I've had messages from so many people and all sorts of companies. "There has been some criticism too. Obviously, a lot of people are affected by this." Latest figures show the average price of unleaded reached a new high of 191.5p per litre on Sunday, while diesel costs around 199p a litre. Fuel duty and VAT currently make up 85p of that 191.5p - with the price hikes fuelled by global oil supply issues after Russia's invasion of Ukraine. The AA has criticised retailers for failing to pass on nearly a month of falling wholesale costs. Petrol wholesale prices have been down at least 5p per litre for more than a fortnight, having ended last week 10p down on the record highs of early June, the organisation said.  Luke Bosdet, the AA's fuel price spokesman, said: "It is an outrage the fuel trade could be slashing prices as the nation heads towards the holiday season, but isn't." Prime Minister Boris Johnson last week hinted he is ready to give more help to motorists but has not set out proposals. A Government spokesman said: "We understand that people are struggling with rising prices which is why we have made the biggest cut ever on all fuel duty rates, saving the average UK car driver around £100, van driver around £200 and haulier over £1,500. "While we respect the right to protest, people's day-to-day lives should not be disrupted, especially on busy motorways. "That's why we're strengthening the integrity of our transport networks through our Public Order Bill, making it a criminal offence to interfere with the use or operation of key national infrastructure like motorways." 