Question Time this week was held in Barnsley, with Fiona Bruce presiding over the panel which included Conservative MP for Bishop Auckland Dehenna Davison, Labour’s Shadow Education Secretary Bridget Phillipson, Daily Telegraph columnist Tim Stanley, former press secretary to Tony Blair Alistair Campbell and musician Winston Marshall. One audience member hit back at the PM’s conduct during the pandemic and the partygate debacle, which saw Mr Johnson and then-Chancellor Rishi Sunak receive fines from the Met.  She said: “What you said about ‘all he did was eat cake’, that’s not true for many people who I know who watched friends and family in hospital and weren’t allowed to say goodbye to them. “A very close friend of mine, her grandma died in hospital and she wasn’t allowed to go and visit her. “How can you trivialise that and say all he did was eat cake? “He completely wrecked the reputation of the Tory party in my eyes because it was one rule for them and another for everyone else.”  She was met with rapturous applause from other audience members in Barnsley, an area known for its Labour support. Another man chimed in with his views on the Prime Minister, admitting his views on Mr Johnson “had not really changed”. He said: “I see him as being a despicable, toxic, manipulative liar with all the morals of a polecat. “My fear is that we are now having a leadership election amongst the Tories, I think we will end up with a different jockey riding the same old dead horse.  READ MORE: GB News: Brexit threatened by Boris departure “And I also believe that they won’t have the courage to go to the country in the near future.” Various top Tories are rumoured to be in the running to be the next leader, however, there is as yet no obvious first choice.  DON'T MISS:Turkey's ambassador summoned by Ukraine over stolen grain row [WAR LATEST]Biden snubs Boris by swerving tribute on resignation day [SPOTLIGHT]Zelensky's heroes shoot down Russian Kalibr missiles [INSIGHT] Ex-PM Sir John Major has called for Deputy Dominic Raab to take over as interim leader until someone new is elected. Mr Johnson has vowed to stay in place until the new leader is chosen, despite pressure from other Tories to evacuate his post immediately. Common Foreign Affairs Committee chairman Tom Tugendhat was one of the first to confirm he will be throwing his hat in the ring for the top job. 