John McEnroe is once again offering his analysis on the Wimbledon action this year as tennis' biggest stars battle for victory at the All England Club. This week, he defended Novak Djokovic after the Serbian star’s months of criticism. McEnroe branded the 20-time Grand Slam champion a “class act” and said it was "outrageous" that he had been booed at the French Open earlier this year. Alternatively, the American is well known for his often brutal criticism of some players, as seen in 2017 when he claimed Serena Williams would “struggle to make the top 700” on the men’s circuit. This sparked a massive debate in the world of tennis, and McEnroe was criticised by none other than Billie Jean King. King won the "Battle of the Sexes" tennis match against the 55-year-old Bobby Riggs in 1973, and has since become a well known activist for equality. On McEnroe's comments, she said in 2017: “I didn’t want to play Bobby Riggs. I hate this man-versus-women thing. I want us to be together. It gets me crazy. "We can’t beat them. The top women cannot beat the top men. We never claimed we did. Ever. They keep bringing it up. "They want attention. We’re talking about John. He gets exactly what he wants. It’s attention and fear.” Shonda Rhimes, a recipient of a Billie Jean King Leadership Initiative award, also added: “I would like to see John McEnroe win a Grand Slam tournament while pregnant.” McEnroe had previously said that Williams is the greatest female player ever. In an interview with him, NPR's Lulu Garcia-Navarro brought up the idea of Williams being the best player in the world — men's or women's — in the game today. After the discussion, she explained her view that being the best in the world isn't about pitting Williams against the men. She said: "Is being the best athlete in the world about pitting men against women? By that metric women can never be best. "Shouldn't you look at exceptional performance and wins? It's not a battle of the sexes." READ MORE: John McEnroe perplexed by 'crazy' situation surrounding Novak Djokovic Williams herself then waded into the discussion, telling McEnroe his comments were not "factually based". She said: "Dear John, I adore and respect you but please please keep me out of your statements that are not factually based. "I've never played anyone ranked 'there' nor do I have time. Respect me and my privacy as I'm trying to have a baby. Good day sir." Later, amid claims that McEnroe's comments were sexist, he refused to apologise to his fellow American. Appearing on the CBS breakfast show, McEnroe was given a grilling as he was asked if he wanted to say sorry. DON'T MISSEmma Raducanu defended by John McEnroe over 'frustrating' commentsAndy Murray 'strange' and 'shocking' tactic called out by Tim HenmanJohn McEnroe sends his love to jailed pal Becker on live TV He responded: “No. Why don't you just solve the problem — I'm sure the men would be all for this — the men and women play together and then we don't have to guess. “I wanted to get publicity for my book – but not this way. I never wanted to play Serena. People always asked me about playing Serena. "Do they ask Roger Federer about playing her? Where would I be ranked? I would currently be about 1,200 in the world." McEnroe later claimed in 2018 that US President Donald Trump offered him money to play against Williams or her sister Venus. He said: "I was calling a match and suddenly I get this envelope, and it's from Donald Trump, who is promoter galore. "So he wrote me a letter, it went, 'Dear John, I want to offer you $1million to play either Serena or Venus."