The book, "Revenge: Meghan, Harry and the war with the Windsors" by Tom Bower, claims the Duke and Duchess of Sussex convinced themselves that they could follow in Diana’s footsteps as the public’s favourite royals as a result of their Australian tour. The pair embarked on a 16-day tour of Australia, New Zealand, Tonga and Fiji in 2018.  At the time, it was deemed a huge success as pictures of the Duke and Duchess emerged visiting Bondi Beach, the Sydney Opera House, and the 2018 Invictus Games. Biographer Tom Bower wrote how Meghan and Harry felt they had the same qualities as his mother Diana and felt able to lead the monarchy into a new age after the tour. The trip came following big news with Bower claiming Meghan had told some members of the royal family that she was pregnant during Princess Eugenie’s wedding reception in October 2018, according to an extract published by The Sun. On the eve of their first royal tour, the Duke and Duchess confirmed the news to the public on October 15.  A Kensington Palace spokesman said: "Their Royal Highnesses the Duke and Duchess of Sussex are very pleased to announce that the Duchess is expecting a baby in the Spring of 2019. "Their Royal Highnesses have appreciated all of the support they have received from people around the world since their wedding in May and are delighted to be able to share this happy news with the public." They welcomed son Archie in May 2019. Mr Bower wrote: "The Sussexes had convinced themselves that their Australian success blessed them with Diana’s magic.  READ MORE: William and Kate set to be 'summoned' to Windsor by the Queen "Meghan could not understand that Diana had won the public's affection after years of work. Neither she nor Harry could grasp that emulating Diana required time, to weave a narrative and create a brand from which influence would flow." It is alleged that Harry told Meghan she "resembled" his late mother. Diana gained support during a royal tour in Australia in 1983 alongside the Prince of Wales. Bower added that Meghan also believed her "activism would enhance the brand" of the Sussexes to gain similar opportunities as Barack and Michelle Obama. DON'T MISS:Furious parents slam ‘selfish’ driver for blocking school crossing [INSIGHT]Sea evacuated as Dorset parents grab their children from water [PICTURES]BBC forced to apologise following athlete interview [COMMENT]  But in January 2020, the pair stepped down as senior royals and moved to California where they now live with their children Archie, three, and Lilibet, one. The new book "Revenge: Meghan, Harry and the war between the Windsors" by Bower, known for unflinching takes on his subjects, will draw on “interviews from insiders who have never spoken before”, according to publicity material. Bombshells according to Bower include that the Queen didn't want Meghan at Philip's funeral, the Sussexes "festered with fury" after Jubilee plans were blocked and details of the furore following Meghan's Vanity Fair front cover. The book is expected to come as a blow to the Duchess, with investigative journalist Bower spending 12 months gathering evidence and exclusive interviews with both friends and enemies of Meghan Markle ahead of the release on Thursday, July 21. 