Barcelona star Frenkie de Jong has told team-mates he doesn’t want to leave and has rejected a move to Manchester United, according to reports in Spain. The Netherlands international is Erik ten Hag’s top target, with the pair previously working together at Ajax. Yet a move to Old Trafford is looking increasingly difficult, despite a fee being agreed. Manchester United have spent over 80 days trying to sign De Jong. But while they’ve agreed on an initial fee of £63million, the Red Devils have been unable to complete a deal despite the best efforts of Richard Arnold and John Murtough. Now, Cadena Ser have claimed De Jong has told team-mates that he won’t be leaving Barcelona this summer. And he’s also apparently informed United of his decision to reject a move to Old Trafford, despite Ten Hag’s determination to snap him up. United, however, remain undeterred and are convinced they have a genuine shot of bringing De Jong to the Premier League this summer. Yet given the difficulties involved, it’s now looking increasingly unlikely that this will happen. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative De Jong is owed £14m to £17m in deferred wages by Barcelona, having agreed to take a temporary pay cut when the coronavirus pandemic caused havoc across the world two years ago. And he certainly won’t be leaving the Nou Camp until he gets the money he’s entitled to. It does seem, however, that Barcelona won’t be using De Jong as a midfielder this summer - at least, if pre-season is anything to go by. The Catalan giants have faced off against Inter Miami, Real Madrid and Juventus so far. And De Jong has been named on the bench for all three of those fixtures, before then coming on as a centre-back. Xavi has insisted he isn’t playing games with the Netherlands international, saying: “Frenkie? I don't send messages. I spoke with him. I like him a lot. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong “For me, he is a fundamental footballer but there is also the economic situation and fair play. “He can bring us a lot as a centre-back. I like him in that position.” But there’s still a sense that Barcelona want to get rid of De Jong so they can balance their finances. It’s been a big summer of change at the Nou Camp, with the La Liga giants adding four fresh faces to their squad so far. Andreas Christensen and Franck Kessie have joined on free transfers from Chelsea and AC Milan respectively. Raphinha has turned down Arsenal and Chelsea in order to move to Barcelona, with agent Deco playing a big role. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. And Barcelona have successfully prised Robert Lewandowski away from Bayern Munich, with the Poland international poised to spearhead their attack. Regarding De Jong, meanwhile, Wes Brown recently expressed a belief he’d be a good signing for his old club to make. “Yeah I do, I think he’s a quality player who is good on the ball,” he said. “He’s not shy with the ball and we obviously know we’ve had a lot of players leave, especially midfielders in general. “Whether they were getting to the end, a bit older, but there’s been quite a lot gone. “So we’re pretty thin there. Midfield is definitely a signing that we need and De Jong, I think, would fit the bill very nicely.” Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team Brown did say, however, that United need more recruits in the middle of the park following the departures of Paul Pogba, Nemanja Matic and Juan Mata. “Yeah,” he said when asked if United need more signings in the middle of the park. “Four have gone and I’d say Mata and Matic were getting a little bit older, that can’t replace the experience and the quality that they have. “Ultimately when you get older it’s the legs that go, which everybody completely understands. But we need quality in midfield, and De Jong is a quality player. “An experienced player.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here