On Friday, the Lord Chief Justice Lord Burnett and four other judges refused to lower Couzens’ sentence. The former Met Police officer was handed a whole life term for the rape and murder of 33-year-old Sarah Everard. Appealing against the whole-life term, Couzens’s lawyers argued he deserved “decades in jail” but said a whole-life term was excessive. The appeal was part of a major review of what types of rare murders should lead to a whole-life term. Under the law, judges must consider whole-life terms in exceptional cases of murder, including double killings or crimes that are particularly sadistic. There are 59 killers currently spending their entire lives in jail. However, in a summary read out in court the Lord Chief Justice, Lord Burnett, said the sentencing judge was entitled to impose a whole life order due to the facts of the case. Lord Burnett said that while the sentencing starting point in Couzens' case would be a minimum term of 30 years, he continued: "Having regard to its aggravating features we are in no doubt that its seriousness is so exceptionally high such that a whole life order rather than a minimum term order should be made. "We consider this to be the correct route to a just result in this case.” Lord Burnett added: "It provides for its unique and defining feature, which was that Couzens had used his knowledge and status as a police office to perpetrate his appalling crimes against Ms (Sarah) Everard and for the extensive and extreme nature of the other aggravating features which were present: the significant and cold-blooded planning and pre-meditation; the abduction of Ms Everard; the most serious sexual conduct; the mental and physical suffering inflicted on Ms Everard before her death; and the concealment and attempts to destroy Ms Everard's body. "We agree with the judge that having determined there should be a whole life order, given the misuse of Couzens' role as a police officer and the serious aggravating features of the offending the guilty pleas did not affect the outcome." READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan and Harry's legal deadline laid bare Lord Burnett, sitting with four other senior judges, added: "The issue at the heart of the appeal, is whether this murder, with its unique features, justified the judge's overall conclusion that it merited a whole life order. “We have concluded that it does, albeit we would, with respect, arrive at this conclusion by a different route from the judge. This was, as the judge said, warped, selfish and brutal offending, which was both sexual and homicidal. "It was a case with unique and extreme aggravating features. Chief amongst these, as the judge correctly identified, was the grotesque misuse by Couzens of his position as a police officer, with all that connoted, to facilitate Ms Everard's kidnap, rape and murder. "We agree with the observations of the judge about the unique position of the police, the critical importance of their role and the critical trust that the public repose in them." It comes after a court was shown messages shared between Met Police officers in a WhatsApp group that included killer Couzens. Two constables and one former constable, who were all serving at the time, have been charged with sending “grossly offensive messages”. The posts were discovered in a WhatsApp group called “Bottle and Stoppers/Atkin’s Puppets” after Couzens was arrested for kidnapping, raping and murdering Ms Everard in March 2021. Prosecutor Edward Brown QC told Westminster Magistrates’ Court the group included “grossly racist, sexist, misogynistic” messages, as well as those discussing rape, domestic abuse and violence against women. The messages that resulted in charges were read out to the court on the first day of their trial on Thursday. Jonathan Cobban, 35, William Neville, 34, and Joel Borders, 45, have denied all charges and their trial continues. Couzens admitted the kidnap, rape and murder of the 33-year-old marketing executive when he first appeared in court last year. Ms Everard was walking home from a friend's house in Clapham, south London, at about 9pm on March 3 2021 when she was abducted. The killer's choice of victim was random, but the attack was planned according to Lord Justice Fulford. He then drove to Dover in Kent, where he transferred Ms Everard to his own car, before travelling to a remote rural area nearby to carry out the crime.