The EU’s taxonomy for sustainable investing is a system of classification that determines which investments are “green”, potentially granting certain industries access to bumper funding. After months of heated debate between different factions over whether to include gas and nuclear in this system, the EU Parliament finally voted to back Commission President Ursula von der Leyen’s plans.   This move was slammed by major Ukrainian politicians and scientists, who argued that this would give Russian President Vladimir Putin more power over Europe. The Ukrainian MP Inna Sovsun tweeted: “Putin is rubbing his hands with glee today. “361 MEPs who voted for & abstain just handed him huge gifts by labeling gas & nuclear as ‘green’. “I thank the brave 278 MEPs who objected. It wasn’t enough, but we won’t stop fighting. “EU governments must ban imports of Russian gas!”  Svitlana Krakovska, a Ukrainian climate scientist and member of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC), said: “I am in shock. “Russia’s war against Ukraine is a war paid for by climate-heating fossil fuels and the European parliament just voted to boost billions of funding to fossil gas from Russia. “How in the world is that in line with Europe’s stance to protect our planet and stand with Ukraine?” Despite these concerns, Germany, which gets a third of its gas from Russia, has demanded that natural gas be included in the taxonomy, meaning it can continue to send Moscow billions.  READ MORE: EU bust-up TODAY as VDL's 'false solution' torn apart: 'Gift to Putin' Berlin has attempted to justify its position by arguing that gas should be used as a transition fuel to help Europe move away from the dirtiest energy sources on its route to net zero. Meanwhile, nuclear energy, which does not directly emit carbon, has been the subject of intense debate over the sustainability of energy sources due to the radioactive waste it produces. France, which gets 70 percent of its electricity from nuclear, has been leading the charge in an attempt to label it as a green investment. Under the newly adopted plans, natural gas can be regarded as a sustainable investment if “the same energy capacity cannot be generated with renewable sources”. DON'T MISS:Boris 'jeopardising' UK's gigafactory as 'not a single penny' received [REVEAL] Rolls-Royce developing hypersonic missile capable of hitting Russia [INSIGHT] Archaeologists stunned by bizarre find at ancient Petra [REPORT] It also requires plans to be in place for the country to switch to renewables or “low-carbon gases”. Meanwhile, the EU Commission noted that nuclear energy can be called green if a project promises to deal with radioactive waste. Johanne Schroeten, a policy adviser at the E3G climate thinktank, said: “Vested interests seem to have gotten the upper hand. “The EU has now set a dangerous precedent of low ambition for other countries and jurisdictions to follow.” READ MORE: Shell on the verge of major energy breakthrough to ‘change EU’s future