Lord Sugar did not hold back as he took to Twitter and slammed the BBC's coverage of the Euro 2022. With the women's tournament in full swing, the Apprentice star suggested there are no male broadcasters covering the football games. The 75-year-old claimed he had been watching Saturday night's game but noticed there were only female commentators. Taking to the micro-blogging, Lord Sugar vented his frustrations in view of his 5.2 million followers. He tweeted: "I am watching the women's football and notice that ALL the comentators are women. I also note when mens football is on there is a symbolic female comentator to cover the broadcasters a***. "Should I complain there should be a male commentator in women's football." READ MORE: Kate Garraway's agony as Derek forced to miss family milestone The entrepreneur was swiftly inundated with messages as his comments sparked a divide. BBC commentator Gabby Logan issued a response as she urged Lord Sugar to "not fret". She replied: "We have plenty of men working on this tournament Lord Sugar, don’t fret you’re not being eradicated." Steve Crossman, who is also commentating on the women's UEFA, hit back: "There are loads of men working on the tournament, myself included. Do your research before launching an attack." Others took issue with the television personality's stance, as Twitter user @Kris commented: "Not sure where you’re going with this Alan? Just enjoy the football. The support is growing and growing. Was absolutely rammed at Old Trafford the other night. Male commentators there too." Tom Dunn suggested: "Or just keep your views to yourself?" Burt remarked: "Is this really the most pressing concern in the current climate?" However, others appeared to agree with Lord Sugar, as @SimonBrown said: "Woke strikes again - although I am enjoying the football." DON'T MISS... TOWIE star Lauren Goodger's newborn baby dies[LATEST]Rod Stewart's wife Penny risked malfunction at Wimbledon[PICTURES]Supermodel Marie Helvin talks 'pressure' to marry Camilla's brother[ROYALS] @McAFee tweeted: "Yes, absolutely! I’ve noticed from the beginning of the expansion of woman’s football. It’s enjoyable enough & more people can relate to the level but men are excluded from commentary though not management." @Megan urged: "Yes please do. I find women commentators on blokes’ footie irritating!" @Mark Winder wrote: "My wife actually commented on the power ballads and the line up and why it was so? When I said empowerment of women she said she was powerful enough and it was all a bit OTT [Over the top]. We put the tennis on." @Leejtocm added: "Said the same thing yesterday. But we can’t mention it can we!" Despite the businessman's observation, the BBC has included a variety of pundits to cover the UEFA Women's Euros 2022 tournament. The Beeb previously announced the team covering the sport that includes a host of former England internationals including Ian Wright. The main BBC commentators for the Women's Euros are Robyn Cowen and Vicki Sparks and there is also commentary from Jonathan Pearce, Pien Meulensteen and Mark Scott. Lord Sugar later slammed critics who mocked the entrepreneur over his remarks. Twitter user, @Niall said: "Go to bed." To which Lord Sugar replied: "F*** off." Social media user, @Aaron K wrote: "Do you ever stop crying?" The Apprentice frontman hit back: "Not when I have tight trousers. P**off." 