Cash concerns are causing arguments between you and someone close. There wouldn’t normally be so much tension between you. Just as you are about to give up on finding a solution, a new arrangement will be agreed on. This will come as a tremendous relief. Someone close is in serious need of proof that your affections are as strong as ever. You have sensed this for a while and although it doesn’t always come easily, you are starting to allow your feelings to be more on display in your closest relationships. This will encourage greater harmony between you. If your financial position is in some way linked to someone else and it hasn’t been easy to agree on money matters, a breakthrough will be achieved. At last, you are able to make a partner realise that specific ideas you have in mind are worth full and fair consideration.  It’s tricky trying to make predictions about who will come out best in a competitive effort, as others are expecting you to do. What you do know is that the side you are backing will be putting every ounce of effort into being victorious. You will support them all the way. Your imagination could be your greatest ally or worst enemy, depending on how you use it. If you are faced with a difficult task, you should tell yourself that you cannot be beaten and believe this too. It isn’t the time to let even the slightest negative thought creep into your mind. Extra helpings of confidence should help make a difference in the way you handle difficult group situations and how you approach others now. You are less likely to let anyone put you down as they have been doing recently. The air will be cleared of all questions arising over a recent event.  It may be something someone in the family mentions or simply the fact you’ve not given this area much attention lately but something will stir your interest in finding ways to make your home more snug and secure. A strong desire to extract yourself from a job or family rut should not be lightly dismissed. You could get information and details out of someone who seems to be acting furtively but do you really want to intrude on their privacy? Besides, if they realise what you are up to, they could deliberately give you misleading facts just for the sake of it. Be patient even when someone’s complaints are starting to annoy you. Their feelings may be justified and once you give them what they need, relationships will be more harmonious. You’ve been so focused on your own concerns you’ve missed all the signs that someone close has been feeling neglected.  You are aware of discrepancies in the workplace and you are now working at pace to deliver a solution. Once you find something that is workable for all, you will be able to concentrate on other matters. It will be worth getting this over with once and for all. You know it makes sense not to take everything that everyone tells you at face value. Some comments and statements you hear may sound ridiculous but if you keep an open mind you could find there are a few gems of wisdom that are worthy of further consideration. Don’t give up too soon if you are learning a new skill or trying to adapt to a situation that seems beyond you at the moment. A breakthrough will come a little faster if you have more faith in yourself and stop worrying so much. 