Netflix’s hit romantic drama Virgin River made its highly anticipated return to screens with its highly anticipated fourth season. Although Preacher (played by Colin Lawrence) and Paige Lassiter (Lexa Doig) are in the clear, the pair could meet their deaths in the upcoming season five.   After season three ended on a major cliffhanger for a number of beloved characters, Virgin River returned to answer the many questions fans had. The instalment saw the return of Paige, who had been missing from the show after she fled for her life. After arriving in the town with her son Christopher (Chase Petriw) under false pretences, she finally unveiled her real identity to Preacher, after the two got close. Viewers learned she was on the run from an abusive husband Wes (Steve Bacic) and wanted a fresh start for her son. READ MORE: All Creatures Great and Small's Nicholas Ralph tribute to co-star Despite her efforts, Wes made an unexpected appearance which led to a fight, resulting in his death after he fell down the stairs. Paige entrusted Preacher to care for Christopher after he helped her hide the body. However, season three saw Christopher get kidnapped by Wes' brother Vince (Steve Bacic) after his accomplice drugged Preacher. Season four saw this storyline take a huge turn as he was able to track down Vince after Christopher called him out of the blue.    Paige also returned to screens as she agreed to exchange her freedom for Christopher’s, in a deal with Vince. By the time the young boy returned Paige was gone and Preacher ignored officer Mike’s (Marco Grazzini) advice to not go after Vince until backup had arrived. Preacher walked in on Vince tussling with Paige and as he was about to kill her, he knocked Vince unconscious and was able to rescue Paige. Although both Paige and Christoper were safe, an angered Mike could turn his service weapon on the two adults in a shocking twist. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale theory: Paddy Kirk divorces Chas Dingle in affair discovery [THEORY]Is Mike a dirty cop in Virgin River? [INSIGHT]Who is Preacher’s new girlfriend? Inside real romance with co-star [INSIGHT] When Preacher told Mike about his plans the officer warned him to await backup and to not attempt anything until they arrived. The only way Mike could feel betrayed was if he had been working with Vince. Perhaps, he was going to warn Vince about the plans to rescue Paige, but as Preacher didn’t wait for backup he arrived before Mike could make the call. Alongside his hot temper, it's likely Mike’s anger could get the better of him and he could kill Preacher and Paige to avenge Vince.  Since Mike was first introduced as a detective, fans have speculated about him being a dirty cop. As an old friend of Jack Sheridan (Martin Henderson) he arrived to fulfil a favour and look into drug kingpin Calvin (David Cubitt). But it was soon discovered he had anger issues as he became frustrated after Jack's sister Brie (Zibby Allen) turned down his romantic interests. As he was also in the marines with Jack and Brady (Ben Hollingsworth) it appeared as though he had a hatred for Brady, who was also dating Brie. Although it was revealed Vince was the one who shot Jack and left him for dead, Mike arrested Brady for the crime, which led fans to believe he wanted to set him up. Virgin River is available on Netflix 