The newest updates suggest Russia is using air defence missiles to attack ground targets in Ukraine, suggesting Moscow is running out of ground missiles. On Friday, the British Ministry of Defence said it believes there are “critical shortages” of ground attack missiles in Russia.   In their latest update on the Ukraine war, the MoD said Russia has “almost certainly” deployed S-300 and S-400 missile systems in Ukraine. The S-300 air defence was created by the Soviet Union in 1979 and was designed to shoot down aircraft and missiles at long ranges. According to the British Ministry of Defence, these missiles are small warheads designed to destroy aircraft. The weapons “could pose a significant threat against troops in the open and light buildings but are unlikely to penetrate hardened structures.”    The MoD also said there is a “high chance” the missiles are missing intended targets and causing civilian casualties. It was reported on Thursday that Vitaliy Kim, the military head of Ukraine’s Mykolaiv region, said that Russian forces had used seven air defence S-300 missiles to attack the area. The missiles have struck infrastructure, energy facilities and storage areas. Mr Kim also said a humanitarian aid shortage was destroyed after six missiles hit the region. READ MORE: Putin humiliated as ‘all four Russian cruise missiles’  Thousands of supplies intended for children, elderly people and those in need have been burned. Russia is facing weaponry shortages as Vladimir Putin originally intended for a quick victory over Ukraine after invading the country in February. Instead, Ukraine has put up a fierce battle as estimates suggest over 30,000 troops have been killed. The battle for the Donbas region began in April after Russia failed to capture Ukraine's capital Kyiv.  DON'T MISS: Barbaric’ Putin attacks port just after grain deal, Zelensky claims [REPORT]Ukraine 'back on the offensive': Kyiv claims retaking Kherson region [INSIGHT] Putin humiliated: Russian troops flee tanks after Ukraine strike [REVEAL] This Friday, the Ukraine army managed to repel attacks in Donbas after Russia tried to take the Vuhlehirsk power plant. On Saturday, Ukraine targeted a Russian supply route by destroying a crucial bridge in the Russian-controlled Black Sea region of Kherson, which is currently controlled by Russia. Ukraine has been using long-range weapons given to the country by the USA to prepare a counter-offensive in the Kherson region. Serhiy Khlan, a Ukraine Official, wrote on social media: “This is not yet the liberation of Kherson, but a serious preparatory step in that direction.” The main focus of Ukraine has been Donbas, with President Zelensky revealing on Saturday that the Ukraine army was moving “step by step” into the Black Sea region of Kherson. 