Novak Djokovic has received more support as he waits to learn whether he will be able to compete at the US Open. Unvaccinated travellers are currently banned from entering the country but several American politician figures have been piling pressure on Joe Biden to change the rules in recent days, and now the country’s own former pro John McEnroe has called for Djokovic to be allowed in. Djokovic looks set to be banned from the upcoming US Open, with unjabbed foreign nationals still not allowed to enter the country. It would be the second time this season that the world No 7 finds himself kept out of a Grand Slam tournament over his vaccination status, as he was deported from Australia on the eve of January’s Aussie Open.  The three-time champion at Flushing Meadows is still holding out hope that the United States will relax their travel restrictions in time for the final Major of the year, now less than six weeks away. But retired former world No 1 McEnroe believes that the Serb should be allowed in no matter what, and wants someone to “sort out” the situation. “We have to sort this out,” the seven-time Major champion told Tennis365. “Djokovic needs to play at the US Open. Please, someone work out how we make this happen because we need this incredible champion there.” JUST IN: Nadal and Djokovic given new worry to think about ahead of US Open The 63-year-old also confessed he didn’t agree with Djokovic’s decision not to get vaccinated but thought the 21-time Grand Slam champion didn’t deserve to deal with the barriers that came with his vaccination status, including his ordeal in Australia when his visa was cancelled twice before he was ultimately deported. McEnroe continued: “Novak hasn’t gotten the credit he deserves, he is a class act. I don’t agree with his decision not to get vaccinated, but I respect it. He is one of the fittest guys in the world and everything he puts into his body, he is watching carefully. DON'T MISS Tennis stars pulled apart as umpire steps in after blazing rowKyrgios fires shirty reply to ATP as Wimbledon finalist slams decisionDjokovic's coach gives grim assessment of US Open hopes as ban remains  “It’s unfortunate that it’s come to this situation where it has been a train wreck for him. A total debacle. To the point where he way he was thrown out of Australia, are you kidding me? “The way that all played out was just horrible, so I respect him even more that he has overcome these things. He has to be the most mentally tough player I’ve ever seen on a tennis court.” 