Conservative David Mellor has slammed the shocking increase in NHS funding as the health service continues to struggle in delivering vital care to patients across the UK. The former MP shamed leading politicians whom he claimed were failing to demand “value for money” from NHS services. Mr Mellor, who served as Health Secretary in the Cabinet of Margaret Thatcher, warned the Government was at risk of “impoverishing” other public services by prioritising frequent NHS funding bumps. The news comes as Conservative leadership contenders Rishi Sunak and Liz Truss pledge to revitalise the NHS and deliver premium healthcare standards across the nation. Speaking on GB News, Mr Mellor said: “I am far from convinced that the NHS is making the best possible use of the increasing amount of money that is poured into it. “I do think that sometimes politicians let themselves down because instead of actually being prepared to take the NHS on over value for money, we allow ourselves to fall out as politicians saying, ‘well, we should give them more!’ “How much more do we really think we can give the NHS without impoverishing a whole lot of other equally important public services?” Mr Mellor continued: “The NHS is supposed to be the national health service, but all too often it's the National Sickness Service. “The irony is there are people sitting in a GP surgery who won’t really be very ill and often they’re just attention seekers. “There could be someone walking by who will think they are incredibly well but they’re about to have a heart attack and they don't know it. “That's because all too often the ways in which you can find out whether people are genuinely well were not pursued in the NHS.” Read more: Kemi Badenoch issues stern warning over the 'war on woke' Tory policy Tory leadership hopeful Rishi Sunak has pledged to ease pressure on NHS resources by introducing ‘no-show’ fines for patients who fail to attend appointments. The former Chancellor has said he would impose a £10 fine for missed GP and hospital appointments in an effort to control demand for face-to-face meetings with healthcare professionals. Mr Sunak said those who fail to attend scheduled appointments were “taking those slots away from people who need them.” The policy hopes to encourage patients to stick to rigorous appointment schedules to avoid unnecessary delays to healthcare provision as the NHS grapples to recover from the strain of the Coronavirus pandemic. Don't miss: Tory party issued urgent election warning over leadership race issue [INSIGHT]Hounding of Boris Johnson now looks like spite [COMMENT]Rishi and Truss told to trigger hated Brexit bill [REPORT] Liz Truss has outlined her plan to reconstruct the NHS by forcing the service through a management reshuffle. Ms Truss warned “micromanaging” was restricting the health service as she promised to focus on developing a new hierarchy with “fewer layers of management.” The Foreign Secretary also expressed her goal to increase services offered by local healthcare providers, like general practitioners, so “less people have to end up in hospital.” If her leadership bid is successful, Ms Truss also pledged to work on reducing ambulance waiting times as a crucial matter in her NHS revamp. Read next: Covid: 'Concern' over long-term effects of the diseaseNHS must change for the sake of its staff, says ESTHER MCVEYBoxing icon Frank Bruno calls out Rishi Sunak and Liz Truss over NHS Stroke patients missing out on lifesaving ‘miracle treatment’Devastating diagnosis causes youngster to 'cough up' part of tumor