The Money Mum, real name Gemma Bird, appeared on GB News this morning to discuss how she has been able to survive the cost of living crisis. She explained that she has always been good with money so decided to start her blog to help other families who may need some help. Gemma suggested people make savings on the smaller things as this can all add up. She said: “Now it’s more important than ever. “You can save all these small things that add up. So it could just be your shopping bill, like buying your fruit and veg loose rather than buying it packaged up. “It could be savings of 22p per item but if you add that up over time - months and years - it all adds up. READ MORE: 'You've wasted £500k' Dragons' Den cast shocked at huge sum pitcher invested into business “You’ll think, ‘Okay I’ve gone a bit over here, let me see if I can change this for that.’ “Or look at swapping things out and adding more veg to your diet rather than meats. “Like in a Bolognese I made the other week, I put more carrots into that because of course meat is expensive. “It’s just looking at all different ways and things we could do to cut down and make our money go further.” She discussed how scary it has been going around seeing price increases in all areas of people’s lives such as petrol, gas and electricity bills. Ms Bird explained that sometimes she has no spend days as a way to save money. During a no spend day, she can go out with her kids, but they’ll go to the park, take a packed lunch with them and just try and enjoy the day without spending a penny. She continued: “It’s about looking at ways we can cope in this situation even though a lot of us may not be able to do things about it.” She suggested using apps and vouchers to see if there’s a free coffee available one day or finding out what deals are on in the supermarket. Ms Bird urged Britons not to feel ashamed about talking to family and friends about cutting back, and telling them that they can’t afford to do certain activities or go out to eat. Other money saving tips she mentioned included finding out online what exactly can be frozen e.g. bread, lemons, limes and milk “You’d be amazed at how much stuff you can freeze and stop the waste,” she added. People can also do a big cook to limit energy usage, as well as tuning the heating down a degree or two. She also suggesting waiting until the dishwasher is full before turning it on, and use the eco button on dishwashers and cars if they have them.