Prince Harry will cover his lifetime in the public eye, including his time in the military, marriage, and fatherhood. The Duke of Sussex said the memoir, to be published by Penguin Random House, will be written "not as the prince" he was, but as the man, he has "become". Royal expert Angela Levin has claimed Harry "has a lot of poison in his blood". Speaking to Palace Confidential on Mailplus, Ms Levin said: "He's now so bitter and resentful that he will say what he really feels and see things that he accepted years ago as now being really dreadful. "I think he really wants to show his power over William because he was fed up with being the spare rather than the heir. "I think he’s got a lot of poison in his blood now about what he feels about his background and his family." Royal writer Robert Jobson added: "It’s going to be the up-to-date stuff that’s going to be the explosive stuff, who made who cry in the Meghan and Kate scenario. READ MORE: Princess Charlene stuns unexpected tourists during Monaco Palace tour "I’m sure those things – if they are addressed at all – will cause major problems." Meanwhile, royal commentator Jonathan Sacerdoti has warned the Royal Family that Harry has "plenty to tell". Speaking to Express.co.uk, Mr Sacerdoti said: "We know that they have these commercial contracts in place with Spotify and Netflix and we may see something coming out of those. "We also know on their imitation royal tour to New York, it was rumoured they were filming for some project because there was a cameraman spotted who wasn't part of the press park and Prince Harry was seen wearing a concealed microphone with a wire sticking out. "It was assumed they were filming for something during that trip. "Then of course there's Harry's book, he signed that massive publishing deal. "I think we can expect to see some controversy from that book because I don't think publishers pay that kind of money unless they expect to get something quite substantial in return. "Also, he's got plenty to tell. He's got quite a life story that people are interested in reading about. DON'T MISS Kate and Prince William set to snub Meghan and Harry on US tour [INSIGHT]Prince George 'refused' to take William's advice at Wimbledon [ANALYSIS]Meghan and Harry in Netflix content drought after 'giving it to Oprah' [VIDEO] "I suspect we might be seeing some of that but exactly what they bring out next, I don't know." It comes as Harry is under pressure to name the "royal racist" in his upcoming book, The Sun has claimed. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex accused a member of the Royal Family of making racial comments about their son, Archie, during an interview with Oprah Winfrey earlier this year. Royal expert Kinsey Schofield has warned Prince William will be "disappointed" in Harry if he was to identify the royal. The Duke previously said he would never reveal the name.