Ann Humphries, a mum from Bristol, said the minimum wage needs to be increased as she has witnessed people choosing between heating and eating. Many are trying to survive on less money than they would earn for doing a paper round. Bristol mum Ann Humphries told Express.co.uk: “I think the minimum wage needs to be increased - it’s just not suitable for today. “If you can’t do a shop on what you earn then there’s something seriously wrong. “I’m a nurse so we deal with a lot of carers and the amount of money they get paid per hour is absolutely ridiculous for the job they do - you get more doing a paper round I think. “Wages need to be increased inline with inflation which is absolutely astronomical.” READ MORE: TV licence: How to get money back on your TV licence fee The 53-year-old nurse said she has never witnessed such poverty in her 30 years as a nurse. She added: “You often hear that parents will feed their children before they feed themselves. “Children are having sandwiches for dinners now rather than having hot meals. “You find a lot of people living in one room - they won’t have the heating on.” A government spokesperson said: “We understand the vital services that care workers and nurses provide and that global inflationary pressures are squeezing household finances, which is why we have provided a £37 billion package, including £1200 each for 8 million of the most vulnerable households. “We remain determined to make work pay. In April we increased the National Living Wage to £9.50, the largest ever increase since its introduction in 2016.”  DON'T MISS:Huge support for state pension increase — ‘Lagging behind!’ [UPDATE]Pensioners entitled to extra £370 a month - who is eligible? [INSIGHT]Fake bank accounts and pension schemes warning as scams soar [WARNING]Thousands of Britons are paying too much for a TV licence - are you? [ALERT] Ann’s comments come the same week as figures show more than a third (38 percent) of disabled people and those caring for them have been skipping meals, according to disability charity Sense. At the same time, more than half a million Britons are estimated to be caring for someone full time but not claiming Carer’s Allowance from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). This could prove to be a vital lifeline to many Britons - Carer’s Allowance could be worth up to £3,624 a year. To qualify for this support, people need to be caring for someone for 35 hours or more a week and earn no more than £132 a week after expenses are deducted. READ MORE: Premium Bonds: NS&I announces July winners - have you won £1million? While carers won’t automatically qualify for the additional £650 Cost of Living payment, they may be eligible if they also receive Universal Credit. This is on top of the £400 energy bills rebate which all UK residents will receive. Britons on disability benefits like Attendance Allowance will receive a further £150 in September. Pensioner households will get an additional £300 this year to help them cover the rising cost of energy this winter. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Meanwhile, many carers don’t realise they also qualify for additional discounts such as: Do you want to share your story with Express Money? Get in touch by emailing personal.finance@reachplc.com. Unfortunately we cannot respond to every email. 