As the cost of living crisis continues to bite hard, supermarket giant Tesco has introduced new schemes which they claim will save shoppers money. With soaring food prices, the prospect of saving money will be music to many people's ears. To help customers' money go further, Tesco has introduced three delivery saver schemes for as little as £2.49 per month, reports The Liverpool Echo. It marks the first time delivery memberships have been available since they were forced to stop during the pandemic, to give way to individuals at risk. Tesco's new click-and-collect membership plan and two new delivery saver tiers aim to give customers more choice and flexibility when it comes to doing the weekly shop - with customers able to convert their Clubcard vouchers into cashback to use towards delivery.  The cheapest plan starts at £2.49 a month, and shoppers will be able to choose as and when they would like to collect their shop, on orders over £25 with the Anytime Click+Collect plan. The next monthly tariff is £4.99 for the Off Peak Delivery Plan, this includes a £25 minimum for click-and-collect and a £40 minimum basket price for home delivery. However, shoppers will get the added flexibility of same-day slots for click-and-collect and next-day options for home delivery. Finally, priced at £7.99 a month is the Anytime Delivery Plan, the same minimum spend applies, with same-day options for both click-and-collect and home delivery. If you have thought ahead to Christmas then the Anytime Delivery Plan may be perfect for you, as it includes priority when booking slots over the festive period. Some shoppers have already made the most of the new deal with one Clubcard member telling the Tesco site: "Excellent plan, shopping from home is great. Every delivery driver is a credit to Tesco, helpful, friendly and very polite. Highly recommend Delivery Saver." Another happy shopper said: "Six months free deliveries for just £16 - bargain!" For every 50p in Clubcard vouchers, shoppers can redeem £1.50 in reward partner codes to use against the cost of any delivery plan. The code must be applied before your plan renewal date. If you choose a monthly payment plan, the value of your code will be evenly split between the months payable. 1. Before exchanging your vouchers, check the Delivery Saver website for the latest prices. Remember, codes over £1.50 of your plan cost will not be accepted and there is no money back for overpayment using the code. 2. Select the amount of Clubcard vouchers you would like to exchange. You can top up the price difference with another payment method on the Partner website. 3. When you have completed your order look out for a confirmation email. A second email containing your Partner code will arrive shortly after. 4. If you placed your order in the app, your code will appear in the 'My Rewards' section within 15 minutes, you will also receive the emails. 5. To redeem your code click the link in the email to the partner website and enter your code where asked. If you ordered in the app this link can be found in 'How to redeem' in the 'My Rewards' section. If you do not already have a Tesco Clubcard take a look at all the deals on offer, it is certainly one of the best ways to save pennies when shopping both online and in-store.