Frenkie de Jong’s wage was deliberately leaked by someone at Barcelona, according to a report in Spain. The Netherlands international’s future at the Nou Camp is up in the air amid intense links to Manchester United. Yet there’s still no guarantee he’ll end up moving to the Premier League, despite the Catalan giants’ willingness to cash in. Manchester United are convinced De Jong can be theirs this summer. Erik ten Hag made the Netherlands international a top priority upon taking over at Old Trafford, while a £63million deal has been agreed with Barcelona. However, still the saga goes on and on. De Jong is owed money by Barcelona after taking a temporary pay cut two years ago, when the coronavirus pandemic arose. And Mundo Deportivo, via Sport Witness, claim today that somebody at Barcelona actively leaked the midfielder’s salary. De Jong earns close to £360,000-a-week over at the Nou Camp, having penned a big contract upon joining from Ajax back in the summer transfer window of 2019. However, this same individual didn’t leak De Jong’s decision to accept a pay cut. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative And it’s insinuated this was Barcelona’s way of making the Netherlands international look bad in an attempt to hasten his departure. The report states Barcelona no longer see De Jong as a footballer. Instead, they see the Netherlands international as their best hope of raising money so they can register new signings. Barcelona have landed Andreas Christensen and Franck Kessie, with the pair arriving on free transfers from Chelsea and AC Milan respectively. They raided Leeds for Raphinha, beating the likes of Chelsea and Arsenal to the Brazil international in the process. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong And Barcelona also struck gold when it came to chasing Robert Lewandowski, successfully prising the Poland international away from Bayern Munich. They’re not done yet, either, with the La Liga side rivalling Chelsea for Jules Kounde. And their big plan to pay for all of these new signings is to get rid of De Jong and his mammoth wages. It’s claimed Barcelona will make ‘one last push’ to try and get the midfielder to join United. Yet if that plea falls on deaf ears then it’s possible they’ll be stuck with De Jong and his big pay packet. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. What ultimately happens is something only time will tell. But United, according to ESPN’s Rob Dawson, have been in contact with other midfielders as they mull over their options. "There are certainly other players on the list, but I get the impression that, for ten Hag, de Jong is such the ideal player that they want to do everything they possibly can to get that deal over the line,” he said. "There may be a case of where Barcelona aren't playing ball, or de Jong says he doesn't want to come. He'll [Erik ten Hag] then have to decide if he's got a player in the squad, or if he needs to sign someone. "He's [Erik ten Hag] come in, and set such high standards on the training pitch, with the way the club is run, his transfer targets, that he wants his number one [Frenkie de Jong]. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team "The danger is [with Frenkie de Jong] that there's only a finite amount of time to get it done, as the deadline is quickly approaching. At what point do you pull the plug? "I'm sure they have [been in contact with other midfielders]. I'm not suggesting they have a deal in place, but there will have been contact. "They'll know whether the player [other midfield targets] wants to come, they'll know, vaguely, what the valuation is, what it'll take to get a deal over the line. They'll have all that information." De Jong joined Barcelona in 2019. But he's won just one trophy since then - the Copa del Rey, which was secured last season. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here