Mr Davis has shamed Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer's strategy to threaten Conservative MPs with a vote of no confidence in Parliament. Sir Keir has stated that he will push to hold a vote of confidence in the Government if Conservative MPs do not act to remove Boris Johnson before a new Tory leader is selected at the end of the month. Mr Davis told GB News: "I mean what labour is saying is if you remove the Prime Minister, Boris, at the beginning of August, then we won't vote against you. "But if you wait till the end of August we will. "I mean August the month in which nothing happens, we are a no international conference in which you can do in which he is constrained by the Private Secretary's code and the Cabinet Securiteries code. "I've never heard a dafter reason for a conference." JUST IN: 'YOU made our lives harder f*** you!' Remoaner Femi explodes at Brexiteers in BBC QT fury The leader of the Opposition on Friday said he would try to bring about a national election using a vote of confidence in Prime Minister Boris Johnson next week unless Conservative MPs acted to remove him earlier. Mr Johnson has said he will resign when a new Conservative Party leader is selected, with more details on the timetable to be laid out next week by the Conservative Party's 1922 Committee. Asked if he was pushing for a vote of no confidence next week to trigger a general election, Sir Keir said "yes" and said that Conservative lawmakers should act to remove Johnson early next week. "If they don't, we will step up with a vote of no confidence," Sir Keir told a news conference.  Fielding questions about whether his party could win any election outright, Starmer ruled out entering into an alliance or coalition with the Scottish National Party (SNP) but was less definitive on arrangements with the centrist Liberal Democrats. In a speech in London, he said it was an "in-principle position" that he would not do a deal with Nicola Sturgeon's party. "There will be no deal going into a general election and no deal coming out of a general election. And that's not just about a numbers game as far as I'm concerned. I want to be Prime Minister for the whole of the United Kingdom. "I want a Labour government for the whole of the United Kingdom. There is no basis, no basis, for an alliance, with a party who wants to break up the United Kingdom. DON'T MISS:Scotland facing EXODUS of companies after Sturgeon unveils indyref bid [INSIGHT]Ukraine may develop its own horror nukes in huge threat to Putin [ANALYSIS]RAF mystery SOLVED after 80 years as lost bomber found [REPORT] "I want to grow the economy. There's no basis for an alliance with a party that thinks the answer to grow the economy is to put a border between England and Scotland. "There is no basis for an alliance under a Keir Starmer government between Labour and the SNP." Sir Keir also insisted that he wanted a Labour majority in the House of Commons, not reliant on the Liberal Democrats. "We want a Labour majority. We want to deliver on our mission and that is what we are going to do. We are fighting for a majority Labour government to deliver our mission." 