UK citizens with disabilities could face parking fines while in popular EU holiday destinations such as France, Italy, Spain, Greece and Portugal, reports reveal. The Government is currently negotiating with major EU countries that do not recognise UK disability permits.  The Government has asked badge holders to “check with the embassy of the country you are travelling to for the latest developments”. The list of countries which will not accept blue badge permits has not been updated since September 2021. Blue badges are given to UK citizens with disabilities to gain access to parking spaces closer to their destination. There are millions of blue badge holders throughout the UK, with 2.3 million blue badge holders in England and 235,779 in Scotland.    The Automobile Association (AA) has said they cannot give advice to disabled drivers until a deal has been struck. The organisation has described the prolonged negotiations as an “outrageous Brexit hangover.” Jack Cousens, head of road policy for the AA, told the Daily Mail: “To keep blue badge users in limbo is simply unacceptable. READ MORE:The Queen's blue and yellow hat sparked rumours about hidden message   “Blue badges are issued because of specific health reasons, and to not have their status confirmed two years down the line is simply outrageous. “Rather than take a chance, we would encourage blue badge users to use drop-off and collection zones where possible while the car is parked in a non-disabled bay. “While problematic, it reduces the risk of a vehicle being given a ticket or towed away. While the Government website asks blue badge users to ask the consulates for further advice on if their blue badge would be accepted, most could not provide any assurances or advice to the AA. “Both the UK Government and the 11 European nations yet to ratify the status of UK-issued blue badges need to resolve the matter urgently and provide clarity for all concerned.” DON'T MISS:POLL: Is France to blame for travel chaos at Dover and Folkestone? [POLL]Brexit not at fault for Dover holiday chaos – ‘Will always be blamed!’ [REPORT]Truss plan to cut taxes is right says PATRICK MINFORD [INSIGHT]  Brexit is being blamed for many problems UK tourists have been facing this summer. Last weekend, UK citizens faced queues of up to 11 hours in Dover while waiting for ferries to depart to France. Mobile phone companies have also introduced roaming charges as the Brexit deal has stopped companies from having to follow EU regulations. UK residents will now be charged extra while using their phones while on holiday in a European Union country. A spokesperson for the Department of Transport said: “Negotiations on Blue Badge recognition are ongoing between the UK and individual EU states, and motorists should check our guidance to find out where the Blue Badge is recognised in the EU.” Blue badge carriers concerned about going on holiday to Europe can go onto the Government's website to check the countries that won’t allow their permits. 