Johnny Depp wrote two songs for his new release with musician Jeff Beck who he appeared with on stage during his defamation trial against Amber Heard. The Pirates Of The Caribbean star has reportedly broken his silence in a new song after winning his sensational defamation trial against his ex-wife. “I think you’ve said enough for one motherf***ing night,” he sings with British guitarist Jeff Beck according to a report. The track is set to release this Friday, The Sunday Times added. Depp penned two songs on the album, titled “18,” with Beck and the tunes revealed the actor's emotions and feelings during the weeks-long trial. “You’re sitting there like a dog with a seven-year itch,” he sings on one track, called “Sad Motherf***in’ Parade,” according to the Times. READ MORE: Victoria Beckham slammed for 'miserable existence' by Ulrika Jonsson “If I had a dime, it wouldn’t reach your hand,” another line noted. Depp, 59, joined Beck, 76, on a string of tour dates throughout the UK in June and their album is named for the youthful age the pair say they feel whenever they play music. After Depp’s two songs, the remaining tracks off of the album are cover songs, including Caroline, No by the Beach Boys’ Brian Wilson, and Lou Reed’s Venus and Furs by the Velvet Underground. Outside of his prolific acting career, Depp has a long history of playing music. He recently announced he will be going on tour next summer with his rock supergroup Hollywood Vampires” which consists of Depp, Joe Perry, Alice Cooper and Tommy Henriksen. Depp scored a win in his case last month against Heard, 36, whom he sued for defamation after she wrote a piece for the Washington Post in 2018 alleging domestic abuse against an unnamed partner. After a nationally televised trial, a seven-person jury awarded Depp $10 million in compensatory damages and $5 million in punitive damages – though Virginia law caps punitive damages at $350,000. Heard was awarded $2 million in her countersuit against her ex-husband. DONT MISS:'Do miss each other' Pauline Collins on being 'separated' from husband (PHOTOS)Phillip Schofield's farewell to Holly Willoughby amid natural selfie (NEWS)Will Smith and Jada knew 'something had to change' after blazing row (LATEST) Her lawyers have stepped up their demands for a new trial in her multimillion-dollar defamation case with Depp following claims of “improper juror service”. In documents filed on Friday, the actor’s legal team said “newly discovered facts and information” about an individual juror meant that a mistrial ought to be declared. Lawyers said one of the individuals originally summoned to serve in the trial had not appeared and had been replaced by someone else. “Juror no 15 was not the individual summoned for jury duty on 11 April 2022, and therefore was not part of the jury panel and could not have properly served on the jury at this trial,” the documents stated. The documents continued: “As the court, no doubt agrees, it is deeply troubling for an individual not summoned for jury duty nonetheless to appear for jury duty and serve on a jury, especially in a case such as this. “This was a high-profile case, where the fact and date of the jury trial were highly publicised prior to and after the issuance of the juror summonses.” Lawyers added that Heard had the right “to rely on basic protection ... that the jurors in this trial would be individuals who were actually summoned for jury duty”. “Ms Heard’s due process was therefore compromised,” the documents stated. “Under these circumstances, a mistrial should be declared, and a new trial ordered.”