Manchester City’s transfer pursuit of Marc Cucurella has taken a fresh twist as the Brighton star has been left out of the Seagulls’ pre-season clash with Espanyol. The Premier League champions have pursued the Spanish left-back all summer, seeing a £30million bid rejected. Cucurella is believed to have submitted a transfer request on Friday. Express Sport understands that the former Barcelona star did not train alongside his team-mates in their last session ahead of Espanyol’s visit to the Amex Stadium. The 24-year-old was at the club’s training base but did not take part in preparations. It is unclear if the club have given him the time off. City have been keen to sign a new left-back this summer having gone a couple of seasons without a natural left-footer on that side of the defence. Joao Cancelo has often played in the role. JUST IN: Frank Lampard ‘planning Chelsea transfer raid’ for four players  But Pep Guardiola has been frustrated in his attempts to acquire Cucurella from Brighton. A £30m offer was rejected earlier this summer, and the player has moved to formally request a move to the Etihad Stadium. As per The Athletic, Brighton have moved away from negotiations and will not consider a bid unless it meets their £50m valuation. They want around the same fee they received from Arsenal for central defender Ben White last summer. Owner Tony Bloom will not engage in discussions with counterparts at City if bids are going to incrementally grow. Brighton want their asking price up front. DON'T MISS...Liverpool below Chelsea, Man Utd 6th as Foster makes rogue predictionsBarcelona hint at hurting Chelsea again as Xavi sets sights on duoFrank Lampard ‘planning Chelsea transfer raid’ for four players Guardiola refused to comment on reports linking Cucurella to City on Friday. The Spaniard said he did not want to talk about individual players from other clubs, although he did confirm that a left-back is an area he would like to improve. “He is a Brighton player. I cannot say anything else,” Guardiola said ahead of City’s Community Shield clash with Liverpool. Asked more generally whether City would like a left-back, he added: “If it is possible, yes. If not, we stay with what we have. We have enough players who can play there. Joao can play there, Josh [Wilson-Esbrand], Nathan [Ake] can play there.” City have refreshed their squad this season, letting a couple of former key stars leave and replacing them with new talent. Erling Haaland is a £51m arrival from Borussia Dortmund, while Kalvin Phillips has joined from Leeds. Raheem Sterling, Gabriel Jesus and Oleksandr Zinchenko have all departed the Etihad Stadium.