The sex offenders went under the guise of providing humanitarian assistance to fleeing refugees. They were supposed to have informed British police of their intention to travel, but failed to do so. However, they were intercepted by Polish authorities and expelled from the country after tip offs from the UK police. A spokesperson for the National Crime Agency (NCA) told reporters on Thursday: "It is no coincidence, I think, that somewhere in the region of ten known British child sex offenders travelled to Poland in the first six weeks after the invasion of Ukraine, allegedly to provide humanitarian assistance. "Normally they're meant to have declared this [their conviction] as part of their entry. "We find inevitably, they haven't. 'As far as I understand it, all ten were asked to leave, following an interview with Polish immigration and Polish law enforcement. "So they're no longer in Poland." Millions of people have fled their homes as a result of Putin's war in Ukraine. The United Nations estimates that at least 12 million have been made homeless since hostilities broke out on February 24. More than five million have gone abroad, while seven million have been internally displaced. Many have relocated to countries within the EU, where they have been granted the right to work and stay for up to three years. They are also entitled to social welfare payments and access to housing, medical treatment and schools. Poland has seen the largest influx of refugees, where over one million Ukrainians are now believed to be living. READ MORE: Ukraine in crisis as Kyiv seeks debt advice At the beginning of March, the Express interviewed a Ukrainian family who had just crossed the border at Korczowa and found temporary accommodation at a nearby community centre. Ani, his wife Natasha and their six-month-old son David had fled their home on the morning of February 24. They lived in a small town roughly thirty minutes drive from Kyiv, where Ani worked as a mechanic. Ani told the Express they had spent three sleepless nights in their car at the border, before managing to enter Poland. At the time Polish border guards estimated that some 100,000 people were entering the country per day. Ani, originally from Jordan, said he had no idea where he was going to live and how he was going to provide for his young family and build a future for his baby son. DON'T MISSPutin spy plot destroyed as secret agent exposed [NEWS]Putin in trouble as Ukraine calls for international tribunal  [REVEAL]China is a more dangerous foe than Russia [SPOTLIGHT] He told the Express: "One day you have a life, the next it's all taken away from you and for what reason?" The Express also came a cross Lena and her twelve-year-old autistic son Aristan. They had left their home in Lviv along with a group of other families who had children with special learning needs. Lena, 45, said she had had to give everything up - her flat and her job as a lecturer at Lviv University. She had never expected the war to start and hoped the Russians would rise up against Putin. However, she thought such a scenario was highly unlikely, given that she believed Russians didn't care and were too ready to buy into Putin's lies.