As part of her 75th birthday celebrations, Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall featured in an insightful documentary, which aired on ITV on Wednesday evening. ‘Camilla’s Country Life’ gave a glimpse into the public and private life of the Duchess while she guest-edited a special issue of Country Life magazine. The Duchess opened up on life as a royal, some of the causes closest to her heart and her love for the countryside. It comes in a year which has seen Camilla take on a more prominent role within the Royal Family. In light of the Queen’s declaration that she wishes for the Duchess to become Queen Consort once Prince Charles becomes king, Camilla’s responsibilities within the Firm have ramped up. And her royal future is something the Duchess finds “exciting”. Speaking during the documentary, Camilla admitted: “I think it’s quite important, as we all get older, to keep going. READ MORE: Camilla forced to make 'quick outfit change' in time for the Queen during Platinum Jubilee “You know, you got to keep the grey cells going.” The interviewer then questioned the Duchess whether taking on further responsibilities was onerous, or whether she was excited about her future duty. Camilla responded: “No, there’s always exciting new prospects. There’s always something exciting round the next corner. You never know what’s going to happen next.” When the time comes for Charles to ascend the throne, the Duchess is expected to be anointed alongside her husband. Her role as Queen Consort will look similar to her position now, in that she will carry out her own royal duties whilst also supporting the future monarch. Camilla has previously vowed to continue championing causes close to her heart once she takes on her new role. In February, the Duchess committed to continuing her support for victims and survivors of domestic violence, an issue that she has been raising awareness about for more than a decade. In an interview with Emma Barnett for Woman's Hour and BBC Breakfast, Camilla said that receiving the Queen’s endorsement was not only a “great honour,” but also a helping hand in her mission to continue championing important causes. She said: “Of course it's a great honour [becoming Queen Consort], it couldn't be anything else. “But it does help it. I'm going to keep up with these causes. You know, if I start something like this, I'm not going to give up mid-channel, I'm just going to keep going to try and help the likes of people like Diana [Parkes]… I hope I should be doing it for a lifetime." The Duchess was joined by Diana Parkes, whose daughter Joanna Simpson was killed by her husband in 2010, and whose story Camilla credits with inspiring her work with domestic abuse victims. Camilla called for a "culture change" to tackle violence against women, with more needing to be done to teach respect at an early age. She said: “We do need to help culture change. And I think we have to start at the beginning, I think children at school have got to be taught respect. “We have got to go back to the beginnings and just build up this idea that you have to have respect for human beings, it's lack of respect. “It's treating women like chattels and people thinking they can get away with it. I'm sure a lot of people do it and think that there's nothing wrong." The recent documentary saw Camilla attend a moving exhibition in Manchester which featured powerful portraits of survivors of domestic abuse. Camilla met the photographer Allie Crewe and the subjects of her I Am project, whose portraits were on display in St Peter’s Square and across the city’s Metrolink network as part of the SICK! Festival in May. Dawn Munroe, a SafeLives pioneer, spoke about the impact Camilla’s support has made. She told the documentary: “It’s fantastic to have Her Royal Highness as part of this. “It’s just important that important, significant people are supporting survivors of domestic abuse.”