The caravans relocated and travellers started a fire near the entrance to Llanwern High School in Newport, Gwent. Neighbours have claimed one schoolgirl, who was terrified of dogs, was chased by an animal from the site. One mum, who didn't want to be identified, said: "My son goes to school there and they sent the children home early on Tuesday. "On his way to school that day he said some boys were starting trouble with the travellers and he was worried he would be hurt." Another mum told The Sun: "It is worrying when you hear that the children are being sent home early. It makes you think there is a real threat. "I'm angry the kids have been affected by this. It's not fair."  The caravans were moved on reportedly after police officers spoke to the group. A neighbour said members of the group had planned to only stay for a week while they waited for access to an authorised site. They added: "I think some of the kids were quite scared having to walk past the vans on their way through the gates. "There was one little girl who was terrified of dogs and she was chased by a pet from the site on her way into school."  READ MORE ABOUT A VETERAN BEATEN UP AT HOME The school sent pupils home early via a route at the back of the school in response to the travellers setting up camp near the gates. It said in a statement posted on social media: "Apologies for the delay in this message, but travellers have set up camp immediately outside the school gate. "The camp has a fire going at the moment so in agreement with the chair of governors, on this occasion, pupils have been directed to leave via the rear of the school and across the SDR bridge. "To ensure pupils are not delayed in getting home, they have been allowed to leave a little bit earlier than usual.  DON'T MISS: Meghan's interview will leave Netflix and Spotify 'pulling hair out' [REVEALED] Prince Andrew has aides 'tearing hair up' with hopes for public return [LATEST] Queen was blindsided after Meghan and Harry Lilibet call - key detail [REPORT] "Pupils who take the bus will still be able to and those being collected will be allowed to leave via reception. "The local authority has also been informed." A spokesman for the local authority said: "Newport City Council is aware of the unauthorised encampment at Llanwern High School. "The council has signed up to a Gwent regional protocol with Gwent Police and the four other councils for the management of unauthorised Gypsy and Traveller encampments.  "As per the protocol, our officers are currently liaising with Gwent Police regarding this encampment. "The council [is] also working with the school to ensure safe access is maintained to the school site for pupils and staff." A Gwent Police spokesperson said: "We are aware of an encampment on Hartridge Farm Road, Newport. "We are working with the local council and are responding to concerns raised by the local community. "Anyone with concerns can contact us at any time via our website, on social media or calling us by dialling 101."  Charity Friends, Families and Travellers says an "unfavourable" planning system and "chronic" lack of adequate site provision means about 10,000 people live on land without permission. A report released by the group last year found at least 1,696 households were on waiting lists for pitches on Traveller sites in England, with 101 pitches available nationwide. Boris Worrall, who chairs the National Policy Advisory Panel on Gypsy and Traveller Housing, has said: "There is a huge shortage of social housing for Gypsy and Traveller communities. "Everyone needs a safe, secure and sustainable place to call home." 