Penny Mordaunt joined ex-Chancellor Rishi Sunak and Foreign Secretary Liz Truss in the next round of the Conservative leadership election. The Tory trio will go to task in the final ballot among Conservative MPs later today, with the third-placed candidate being eliminated. Ms Mordaunt and Ms Truss are vying to join Mr Sunak in the members' vote. However, the Portsmouth North MP was dealt a blow ahead of the poll after a former leadership contender slammed her as the "woke candidate". Suella Braverman, who dramatically launched her leadership bid during an appearance on ITV's Peston programme, told Dan Wootton on GB News: "I do see Penny as the woke candidate." The Fareham MP, who was eliminated in the second ballot among Tory MPs with the support of just 27 Conservative colleagues, went on to take aim at her one-time leadership rival over legislation which decided to refer to a "pregnant person" rather than a "pregnant woman". JUST IN: Truss vows to 'unite' bickering Tories as she edges ahead in eyes of party's grassroots The Brexit-backing Attorney General added: "I have to make clear, I have no gripe with Penny [Mordaunt]. "Penny is my friend, she is my neighbouring MP and I think she is a formidable lady, a great talent. "I did disagree with the position on the wording in that legislation, I know many colleagues did in Parliament and I disagree with her take on gender ideology." Despite criticism over her stance on gender issues, Ms Mordaunt responded to questions over self-identification during the recent debate on ITV. READ MORE: GDPR bonfire incoming! Brexit victory as UK to carve up hated EU rules Ms Mordaunt said: "I think this whole thing is unedifying... and I know why this is being done but what I would say to you is that all attempts to paint me as an out-of-touch individual will fail." Ms Mordaunt's lead over Ms Truss has narrowed in recent ballots as both candidates hope to join Mr Sunak in the final round. The most recent ballot narrowed Ms Mordaunt's lead from 11 MPs to just six. Current opinion polls indicate Ms Mordaunt could still win the race to replace Mr Johnson if she sees off the threat from Ms Truss. DON'T MISSLondon fires LIVE: Heathrow Airport metres away from huge blazeEurope heatwave: Paris TRAPPED in concrete heat dome – 40C blastZelensky’s heroes smash base of Putin’s men at strategic bridge A YouGov survey gave the Trade Minister a 14-point lead over the ex-Chancellor, down from 39 percent in a previous poll. However, Ms Truss is currently leading the way among Tory Party members and would beat Ms Mordaunt by a six-point margin.