Man vs Bee is on Netflix now and the popular comedy TV series went down a hit with fans of Rowan Atkinson. The Mr Bean star plays a father who has just come out of a marriage and is in need of a job. As a housekeeper, he ends up destroying a client's home, all thanks to a bee. Rowan spoke to Express.co.uk and other press about the physical and mental challenges of filming. Man ve Bee is still holding a place in Netflix's top 10 most-watched shows list. The physical comedy series, made up of nine episodes, features the down-on-his-luck Trevor Bingley. Rowan's character finds himself caught up in a battle with a relentless bee, causing havoc in a client's home. The series was viewed for 18.2 million hours across its opening weekend. It took a lot of work and many hours to perfect the chaotic series, and Rowan spoke to Express.co.uk and other media about the challenges. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Jamie Tate returns as Gabby loses custody of Thomas Opening up about the most difficult scene and whether he ever felt stressed, he joked: "I felt stressed, tired and nervous throughout the entire shoot. "They were all difficult [scenes], it was certainly something I had to get fit for. "Because, like the rest of the world, I'm not getting any younger and therefore you have to make sure that you're capable of doing what you have been asked to do." He went on to say how the stress was often not physical, but mental. The star added: "It's where you're thinking, 'is this really the best we can do?' "When I look at it now I look at some scenes and I think, 'was that really the best we could have done on that?' "No, surely we could have thought of either a better idea or done it better. "But that's just me, perennially dissatisfied." The actor is known globally for playing the childish Mr Bean in the 90s. When asked whether his taste in comedy has changed, he said he still admired the same things. DON'T MISS... Andrew Neil shut down by Jacob Rees-Mogg in probe over Tory leader [VIDEO]Rowan Atkinson opens up on axed Man Vs Bee original title [INSIGHT]'Had to go off set' Rowan Atkinson on how Man vs Bee star 'cooled off' [INTERVIEW] He said: "All jokes have got to find an audience, it's the audience that tends to change with time. "With all these sensibilities that come along in different periods of history, certain things are in fashion and certain things are out of fashion. "But then what's in fashion is you make jokes about the way people see the world around them. "The world around us changes all the time. "I'm not talking about the appropriateness of jokes or the correctness. "It's just jokes should be about your human experience and that is developing." The star said his Mr Bean character would not have worked as the main star of Man vs Bee. He said: "The idea of a man stuck in a house with a bee, it's undoubtedly redolent of Mr Bean, it's got a hint of the Mr Bean world. "But I knew that for this kind of thing, Mr Bean as a character wouldn't work at all. "He would be too self-centred, too sort of unpleasant, or there's a risk of it being unpleasant."  Man vs Bee is on Netflix now.