Diane Abbott was questioned by Radio 4's Nick Robinson over the latest internal party row between Labour's left-wing MPs and the leadership faction around Sir Keir. Mr Robinson also pressed the close ally of former Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn on whether she would back the Islington MP in a run for London mayor. Ms Abbott has levelled criticism at Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer after shadow frontbencher Sam Tarry was sacked after joining picket lines in support of striking rail workers. Mr Robinson asked the Labour MP: "Jeremy Corbyn, independent Mayor of London is being suggested as a possible future for him. "Because he might not to allowed to run for the Labour Party again?" "That would be a matter for Jeremy at this point," said Ms Abbott. "Some of us are trying to stand up for ordinary low-paid workers." The Radio 4 host asked: "I have a suspicion you would campaign for him, wouldn't you?" "That is a totally hypothetical question, the important thing is the position of low-paid workers," replied the Labour MP. It comes after a close ally of Mr Corbyn told HuffPost UK that those around the left-wing MP believe the London Mayorship could revive the former opposition leaders' political ambitions. They told the publication: "There are people who have encouraged him to run for mayor.  "There are people who feel that given the left’s progressive agenda through some of the metro mayors, having Jeremy do something similar in London would be a good axis. "It’s not something he has ever said he has an appetite to do, but it has been discussed by people close to him." Meanwhile, the Labour party has seen internal splits resurface after the sacking of Mr Tarry on Tuesday. The Labour party said Mr Tarry, the shadow transport minister, had been "removed from the frontbench", saying it took seriously "any breach of collective responsibility". DON'T MISS: Queen's Guard screams at London tourist 'We'll never return!' - VIDEO [WATCH]Kate McCann health update: TalkTV presenter to step out TONIGHT [LISTEN]United Airlines flight from Edinburgh to US makes emergency landing [INSIGHT] Mr Tarry stood alongside striking workers at London's Euston station on Wednesday morning, despite Sir Keir's orders to stay away from the demonstrations. A Labour spokesperson said: "The Labour Party will always stand up for working people fighting for better pay, terms and conditions at work. This isn't about appearing on a picket line. Members of the frontbench sign up to collective responsibility. "That includes media appearances being approved and speaking to agreed frontbench positions. As a government-in-waiting, any breach of collective responsibility is taken extremely seriously and for these reasons, Sam Tarry has been removed from the frontbench." In a statement, Mr Tarry said it has been a "privilege" to serve on Labour's top team I remain committed to supporting the striking rail workers, and campaigning for a Labour victory at the next general election, which I will fight for relentlessly from the backbenches," he added. READ NEXT: Energy bills now tipped to soar close to £4,000New report sheds light on why the cost of Lurpak keeps going upFurious parents storm first Drag Queen Story Hour UKUkraine: Russian families pull rug from under Putin as they de...Ukrainian troops 'will win' as Kyiv preps offensive in occupied south