June and Pat, sisters in their 70s, said they've worked hard all their lives and didn’t expect to be struggling in later life. They’ve had to cut back on food, petrol and clothing because their state pension hasn’t risen in line with inflation.  The cost of living crisis is hitting pensioners particularly hard as sisters June and Pat from Bristol told Express.co.uk. The retired ladies are already cutting back on essentials and don’t know what they'll do come winter. June, 72, told Express.co.uk: “I’m on a basic pension so every penny counts. “With everything gone up you sort of have to do without something else." READ MORE: Universal credit: 25 things you could get for free in July Her 75-year-old sister Pat said she has been forced to ask her adult son for help. She told Express.co.uk: “We worked until after retirement age but now our children are having to help us out. “My son recently gave me the money to buy a little run around car. “I had to let mine go as I couldn’t keep up with the repayments." DON'T MISSPensioners could secure 10 key freebies to help with rising costs [ALERT]State pension warning: More than one million more pensioners will pay [WARNING]Martin Lewis issues ‘big plea’ to pensioners 'missing out' on top up [UPDATE]State pension headache as Britons are living longer [WARNING] Unfortunately it’s not just June and Pat who are struggling. Another pensioner from Birmingham said she wouldn’t have retired early if she knew what was coming. To add insult to injury, her husband was forced into retirement when he lost his job during the pandemic. She said: “We’ve both retired and because we took early retirement we’ve got no income coming in." READ MORE: Great rate' savings provider now offering 2.35 percent interest  Some pensioners like 60-year-old Gary have been skipping meals to pay the bills. Gary said whereas he used to spend £10 every fortnight on electricity that has now increased to £30 or £40. He told Express.co.uk: “Sometimes I won’t eat. “I can’t buy myself decent clothes and stuff like that.” Meanwhile, pensioners are being urged to check whether they could be entitled to pension credit as this could mean an extra £3,000 a year. It could also mean they are eligible to help with housing, a council tax reduction and potentially a free TV licence. Nearly one million pensioners are estimated to be missing out on this DWP benefit even though they should qualify for this extra help. More information can be found on Gov.uk.