State pension payments are considered vital for millions of people, but these are not always guaranteed. One expert has urged Britons to think carefully when it comes to the sum issued by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). Jenny Holt, Managing Director for Customer Savings and Investments at Standard Life, explained Britons should take care when it comes to the state pension. She said: “A common mistake is to assume that the state pension will meet your retirement needs. “However, it’s important to know that the state pension won’t be available until your late 60s, and may not meet all of your outgoings.” As Ms Holt highlights, the state pension age is currently 66, meaning Britons are waiting longer than ever before to access the sum. READ MORE: PIP claimants could get council tax discount of up to 100 percent This is not the end of the changes on the horizon, with planned increases to 67 and 68 in the coming years. As such, individuals may need to adjust their retirement plans accordingly to ensure they have enough to see them through. Ms Holt continued: “Currently, the new flat-rate state pension is £185.15 per week. “This is just over £9,600 per year.” DON'T MISSPrescription warning as you may face £100 fine for errors [INSIGHT]Lloyds Bank issues warning on scam which may cause ‘serious harm’ [WARNING]The £1,000 bonus for 'future prosperity' - climb the property ladder [EXCLUSIVE] However, at the same time, not everyone will receive this amount from the Government. To unlock the full new state pension, Britons will typically need some 35 years of qualifying contributions. To get anything at all, there is a need to have 10 qualifying years of contributions. For the full basic state pension, some 30 years of qualifying contributions are necessary. But at the same time, experts state Britons will need specific sums to help them get by in retirement. The Pensions and Lifetime Savings Association (PLSA) calculates a single person needs £10,900 a year, just to achieve a “minimum” standard of retirement. For individuals looking for a “moderate lifestyle” an annual income of £20,800 is required. This includes a car, alongside some help with maintenance and decorating each year. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea For others, retirement plans are far more ambitious and may require more funds. Some £34,000 a year is needed for what is described as a “comfortable” retirement. This comprises semi-regular foreign holidays, some luxuries, and more financial freedom. To understand more about the state pension, Britons are encouraged to obtain a state pension forecast. Individuals can apply online, as this is the “quickest way” to get the forecast. Alternatively, people can fill in the BR19 application form and send it by post, or call the Future Pension Centre who will post out the forecast.