Chelsea have learned the price they will need to pay for Paris Saint-Germain defender Presnel Kimpembe this summer as Thomas Tuchel’s side are on the hunt for centre-backs. French international Kimpembe has been named as a target alongside Juventus’ Matthijs de Ligt, Sevilla’s Jules Kounde and Inter Milan’s Milan Skriniar. Foot Mercato claim that the 26-year-old Frenchman would cost Chelsea £43million this summer, as they look to boost their backline following the exits of Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen to Spanish sides Real Madrid and Barcelona respectively. Chelsea have been credited with an interest in the left-footed PSG star, who could play on the left side of Tuchel’s back three and replace Rudiger. The Blues appear to be on the hunt for several defenders this summer, as new owner and acting sporting director Todd Boehly could also lose club captain Cesar Azpilicueta and Marcos Alonso as the two Spaniards have been linked with moves back to their homeland. Kimpembe has previously claimed that this summer is a “key moment” amid links to Chelsea and Juventus. “Everyone knows the love I have for PSG, I think it's mutual,” he said. “I am coming to a key moment in my career, my next contract will be very important. I'm waiting to meet the new sports management to discuss the club's future project. I think we will have to discuss things fairly quickly.” DON'T MISS: Juventus pick preferred Chelsea player for Matthijs de Ligt swap deal If Chelsea are reluctant to pay PSG’s asking price for their vice-captain, there are several options to consider including Dutch defender De Ligt. The Juventus centre-back would be the most expensive on Boehly’s shortlist, as the Italian side will look to recuperate the £67.8m fee they spent on him in 2019, and there have been rumours that Chelsea are hoping to lower the fee by offering forwards Christian Pulisic and Timo Werner in exchange for De Ligt. Juventus CEO Maurizio Arrivabene has also claimed that it is “impossible” to keep unhappy players at the club. “It’s impossible to keep players when they want to leave the club,” he said. “But all the three parties in the negotiations have to be satisfied.” READ MOREChelsea 'receive response' from Juventus after 'offering two players' for Matthijs de LigtMan Utd hatch Frenkie de Jong announcement plan as transfer deal enters 'final stages'Tottenham on verge of fourth and fifth signings following double transfer breakthrough Sevilla defender Kounde has been of long-standing interest from Chelsea but they have reportedly not stepped up their efforts to sign the man who made his France debut last year. Inter defender Skriniar has been in talks with PSG over a possible move this summer, but according to reports Chelsea would be given “special treatment” if they do pursue a move for the Slovakian centre-back after the Blues sanctioned Romelu Lukaku’s season-long loan move back to Inter. Skriniar would reportedly be available for a fee of around £60m, as Inter boss Simone Inzaghi is reportedly ready to sign Torino’s Gleison Bremer as his replacement.