The Queen's granddaughters Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie are both non-working royals who pursue their own careers away from the spotlight. The number of working royals has decreased in recent years, and now only a small team supports the Queen and receives public funding from the Sovereign Grant. But a royal historian highlighted there is space for the two princesses if Beatrice and Eugenie's position within the Firm were ever to change. At the moment, the only working princesses in the Royal Family are the Queen's daughter and her beloved cousin. Royal historian Marlene Koenig told Express.co.uk of the York sisters: "I do think the two princesses would be assets as working royals. "There is a definite shortage of 'princesses of the blood', only Anne and Alexandra. Anne is approaching 73 and Alexandra is 85." Beatrice may also be eligible to take up an important constitutional role in the future. READ MORE: Meghan Markle slammed as ‘nightmare’ in awkward Wimbledon appearance  As the elder daughter of Prince Andrew, Princess Beatrice is currently 10th in line to the throne. Ms Koenig explained: "Beatrice and Eugenie usually can be Counsellors of State. You don’t have to be royal and you don’t have to be a working royal. "The Counsellors of State are the first four adults in the line of succession as well as the spouse of the Sovereign. The heir becomes Counsellor of State at 18, the others at 21. "You also have to be a resident of the United Kingdom. If Prince Harry sends word that he is no longer a resident of the UK, Beatrice automatically becomes a Counsellor of State as she is the next person after her father who is in line to the throne."  If she became a Counsellor of State, Beatrice would only be required to fulfil her role in the case of the monarch being ill or abroad, and therefore being unable to attend to their duties. As non-working royals, Beatrice and Eugenie are expected to hold their own jobs while still appearing at some royal events as a member of the Queen's family. Beatrice is Vice President of Partnerships and Strategy at Afiniti, a software company, while Eugenie is a director at a London art gallery. DON'T MISS:Princess Beatrice: Expert on the royal's 'fashion fails' [INSIGHT]‘Stunning’ Princess Beatrice and husband Edo look loved up [ANALYSIS]Princess Beatrice appears in £550 Vampire's Wife dress at Wimbledon [PICTURES]  Both princesses support charitable interests close to their hearts in their spare time and are mothers, with Beatrice welcoming Sienna Elizabeth Mapelli Mozzi and Eugenie welcoming August Philip Hawke Brooksbank in 2021. While it remains uncertain if Beatrice and Eugenie will ever have working royal roles, there is another royal Princess likely to take up royal duties in the future. When Prince Charles is King, and subsequently Prince William and later Prince George, Princess Charlotte of Cambridge may one day support her grandfather, father or brother with royal duties. Charlotte is currently fourth in line to the throne and usually, the Sovereign's children support the monarch with their duties, as has been the case for the Queen's four children. 