A Jeremy Vine caller has argued Liz Truss "failed to come across very strong" during the BBC's televised Conservative head-to-head debate on Monday. The observation comes as allies of the Foreign Secretary hit out at ms Truss's rival candidate Rishi Sunak, for interrupting her and "mansplaining" during the debate. Asked if Mr Sunak had been "a bit rude and chippy" during the debate, Linda told Jeremy Vine: "No I don't think he was I think he was just doing what politicians do, they never listen to anybody, they never wait for someone to finish speaking. "[Ms Truss]'s gonna have to be I think a lot stronger than she came across yesterday to me. "She just didn't come across I don't think very strong. "I mean when if she's going to be our prime minister and she's going to be in Parliament, I mean, Starmer's was not going to wait for her to finish the sentence before he puts his point of view and in interviews, they don't let politicians finish.  She added: "I think she needs to come across a lot stronger than she did yesterday." Ms Truss and Mr Sunak will clash on TV for a second time in 24 hours after the first head-to-head debate saw the two contenders to be the next prime minister tear strips off each other over their economic plans. The Foreign Secretary, who is celebrating her 47th birthday on Tuesday, and the former chancellor will face each other in a TalkTV/Sun event at 6pm, with both sides hoping to learn tactical lessons from the BBC clash on Monday night. That showdown saw the two rivals for the Tory leadership trash each other's economic plans, while personal attacks continued with Mr Sunak accused by allies of Ms Truss of "mansplaining" during the debate. Mr Sunak claimed there is "nothing Conservative" about Ms Truss's approach to cutting taxes and pumping up borrowing, arguing it would give the party "absolutely no chance" of winning the next election. Foreign Secretary Ms Truss, in turn, suggested her rival would lead the country into a recession and criticised him for increasing taxes to the "highest rate in 70 years". On China, Ms Truss accused her rival of "pushing for closer trade relationships" while Mr Sunak said "Liz has been on a journey" to get to a point where she opposes closer ties. Mr Sunak also sought to stress his decision to quit Mr Johnson's government as a sign he acts according to his principles while Ms Truss stressed her loyalty to her current boss. DON'T MISS: Liz Truss and Rishi Sunak are DESTROYING the Conservative Party [OPINION] Who won Tory leadership debate – Rishi Sunak or Liz Truss? VOTE HERE [POLL] Liz Truss branded 'basically mad! as Tory hopeful tipped to beat Rishi [REPORT] But both candidates ruled out a job for Mr Johnson in their cabinet, with Ms Truss saying she believes he "needs a well-earned break" before eventually adding: "I am sure he will have a role, I am sure he will be vocal but he will not be part of the government." A snap poll by Opinium, based on a sample of 1,032 voters, found 39 percent believed Mr Sunak had performed best compared to 38 percent for Ms Truss. The studio audience in Stoke was made up entirely of people who voted Conservative at the last general election and applauded more often for Mr Sunak. With postal ballots set to arrive on Tory members' doorsteps by August 5, Mr Sunak was under pressure to use the BBC debate and another hosted by TalkTV and the Sun on Tuesday to make an early breakthrough. READ NEXT: Tory leadership debate: Liz Truss and Rishi Sunak clash over tax cutsBoris Johnson 'does not want to resign' as Prime MinisterTruss & Sunak mistaken for 'cardboard cutouts' in BBC debate introWASPI women demand answers from Rishi Sunak and Liz TrussBoris Johnson privately admits he wants to 'wipe away' resignation 