It's been a bad week for Freeview users with millions of homes losing a number of popular TV channels. The closures are all due to a signal that was broadcasting content across the UK being switched off to make way for 5G mobile technology. With less space, some things have had to be switched off for good with channels that are no longer available including BBC News HD, FreeSports, More4+1 and QVC HD. Full details about the channel closures can be found here. If that's got you thinking about making the switch to more premium and content-packed providers then Express.co.uk has rounded up the best UK paltforms and found the best deals available right now. The most obvious choice when it comes to pay-TV is Sky with the firm now offering numerous ways to get content beamed into living rooms. The most popular option is, of course, Sky Q with this award-winning set-top box offering access to hours of entertainment along with the ability to record up to six shows at once and find entertainment via voice controls. There's also the option to watch shows and movies in full 4K and this box includes full access to on-demand content from services such Disney+, Netflix and Apple TV+. Prices for Sky Q start from £31 per month with Sky currently offering a deal that also includes Netflix for free. SEE THE DEALS HERE If you don't fancy having a dish stuck to your wall don't panic. The new Sky Glass TV offers access to all the best content via a simple broadband connection. That makes things easy peasy to install and move to any room in your home. The Sky Glass TV also features an in-built soundbar that booms out audio and there are other bonus features including a remote control with backlit keys and full voice controls. Sky Glass comes in three sizes with prices starting from £11 per month • SEE ALL THE DEALS HERE Virgin Media is a good option if you want superfast broadband and TV combined with the firm offering some of the best internet speeds in the UK. There are even bundles, such as the Ultimate Volt option, that comes with a SIM for your smartphone as well. Virgin offers customers access to all of the most popular channels along with premium content from Sky Sports and Cinema. Just like Sky Q, the firm's TV 360 box can record multiple shows with things available to view in full 4K quality. Prices for Virgin's TV and broadband bundles start from around £39.99 per month with the Ultimate Volt option costing £85. SEE ALL THE DEALS HERE If you want something a bit more flexible then it's worth checking out Virgin's new Stream device. This mini box brings access to premium content with users able to chop and change what they watch each month via their Virgin account. That means you can tune into Netflix for one month and then swap it for Disney+ the month after. Full details about Stream can be found here. If you've got a smart TV or any streaming devices in your home then NOW offers a good way to watch telly without any long-term contracts to sign. NOW is actually owned by Sky with the service offering different memberships depending on your taste. Right now you can sign up for the Entertainment pass and try it for free for a week. This free trial is also available on the Entertainment and Cinema Pass which features popular channels such as Sky Max and Sky Atlantic along with access to hundreds of hit movies. One final deal from NOW is currently offering Sky Sports for just £25 per month - that's an £8 saving off the usual price. SEE ALL THE NOW DEALS HERE Of course, you can simply keep your current Freeview set-up and boost it via the latest streaming services which continue to get bigger and better. There's plenty to choose from including Netflix, Disney+, Prime Video and Apple TV+. To help being even more content into your living room, Paramount+ has also just launched in the UK with this new streaming platform offering exclusive boxsets and blockbuster movies. It's even promising to show the new Top Gun movie before anyone else. Paramount+ costs £6.99 per month although Sky Cinema users get it for free. Here are all the prices for the most popular streaming services. Netflix • From £6.99 per month WHAT'S INCLUDED: Netflix is the most famous streaming platform on the planet with this app including access to Hollywood blockbusters and brilliant boxsets. There are also exclusive shows such as Drive to Survive and Anatomy of a Scandal with everything shown advert free.BEST FEATURE: You can download content for binging on the move without chewing through mobile data.WORST FEATURE: You need to pay extra for pin-sharp 4K streaming. Disney+ • £7.99 per monthWHAT'S INCLUDED: Disney+ only launched back in 2020 but it's already a monster hit. This service offers exclusive access to films and series from Marvel, Disney, Star Wars and Pixar plus there's a barrage of binge-worthy boxsets to watch. Subscribers also get free access to Star which offers content aimed at an older audience.BEST FEATURE: Standard price includes watching on multiple devices at once and in full 4K resolutionWORST FEATURE: Best content is aimed at younger fans. Amazon Prime Video • £7.99 per monthWHAT'S INCLUDED: Prime Video not only offers blockbuster movies and originals such as Clarkson's Farm but there's also top-flight sporting action available as well. Some Premier League games are exclusive to Prime Video plus there's international rugby and grand slam tennis.BEST FEATURE: Price includes access to Amazon Prime.WORST FEATURE: Not all content is free on Prime Video and navigating menus can be confusing. Apple TV+ • £4.99 per monthWHAT'S INCLUDED: Apple features numerous exclusive shows and feature films on its TV+ service plus there's the option to watch Friday night Baseball. Apple has won numerous awards for its original content with Ted Lasso grabbing a number of Emmys and CODA picking up Best Picture at this year's Oscars.BEST FEATURE: Cheaper price than its rivals.WORST FEATURE: More content needed to make it a true Netflix rival