Senior meteorologist at British Weather Services, Jim Dale, told Express.co.uk that people living in the north and northwest will be the only ones in the UK to experience the light relief. This includes places such as Cheshire, Cumbria, Greater Manchester, Lancashire and Merseyside. But Mr Dale could not offer specific times due to the showers being scattered and somewhat insignificant. He said: “We will get scattered showers in the north and northwest, that’s all. It could be at any time today.”  Meteorological models suggest some rain may move south from Scotland, covering the likes of Newcastle by noon. Scattered showers may venture further west, over the Lake District by around 6pm. The situation appears to continue into tomorrow, with the north east coast copping some of the rain by about 3pm. Most of the country has been placed under a heat health alert this week, as temperatures peak in the mid 20s to early 30s.  But by Sunday, July 17, the situation is set to worsen with temperatures moving up into the mid 30s, posing a severe risk to the population, according to the Met Office. Much of the UK, including the north, will be blanketed under a three day amber weather warning for extreme heat. Met Office deputy chief meteorologist Dan Harris said: “Maximum temperatures have been well above average almost everywhere in the UK this week, the exception perhaps being the western and Northern Isles of Scotland.  "Following a return to nearer average, locally rather cool temperatures over the next few days, the warm weather looks likely to steadily ramp up once again this weekend, probably peaking early next week.” READ MORE: Heatwave: Vulnerable areas of England laid bare These hot temperatures are not just confined to southern parts of the country, with the north likely to feel the mercury peak in the early 30s by next Monday. Weather map WX Chart also predicts this could increase again by Tuesday with temperatures sitting at 37C in the north, potentially peaking at 38C in Leeds. By Wednesday the mercury will start to slip down, becoming more in line with what is expected for this time of year. In the north, people can expect highs of 20C. DON'T MISS:Susanna Reid announces break from Good Morning Britain [REVEALED]Furious GMB row breaks out after calls for TAX to fund green causes [SPOTLIGHT]Camilla defended against sexist comparison to ‘perfect princess Diana’ [INSIGHT] Mr Harris added: “From Sunday, but more likely Monday, peak maximum temperatures could be in excess of 35C, most likely central and southeast England. “Elsewhere, maxima will generally range from high 20s to low 30s of Celsius. “This, coupled with overnight minima not falling below 20C in many locations, has considerable potential to cause widespread societal impacts, which is behind the issuance, and subsequent extension, of an amber extreme heat warning.” The three day amber weather warning for extreme heat is active from Sunday, July 17 to midnight on Tuesday, July 19 and advises people of delays on the roads, rail and airways. People are also urged to rethink their daily routines, amend their working schedules to avoid the intense heat, and to be cautious when heading to the coastlines.