Joel Collins was stabbed in the coastal city of Albufeira in the southern Algarve region on July 4. The 35-year-old was allegedly stabbed without provocation while walking back to his accommodation after getting separated from his friends on a night out. Joel was taken to hospital in Faro by a member of the public who came across him unconscious in the street with four deep wounds in his abdomen, reports Wales Online. He had suffered lacerations to his pancreas, lungs, intestines and stomach and is in intensive care after multiple separate operations, his family said. Joel is the second Welsh victim of an alleged stabbing in Albufeira. Reports of his alleged attack have since reached Alex Evans, from Treherbert, who was stabbed three times and left for dead in the same area in May this year. Joel's family have been speaking to Alex as they claim they feel like they have been left without any help or support and do not know who to turn to next. Like Joel, Alex was on a stag do and with a group of eight friends at the resort of Albufeira when they became separated after a night out. He was allegedly stabbed and found by a local man who, instead of waiting for an ambulance, took him to hospital, an act that doctors said saved his life. Heidi Collins, his sister, said Joel had limited memory of what had happened to him three weeks ago, but nurses said it looked like Joel had been mugged, as he arrived at the hospital without his phone or any ID. His last memory was of getting separated from his group and getting his phone out to use Google Maps to find a route back to his hotel. He was left with deep stab wounds and has since been placed in intensive care following multiple surgeries. He was due to have another operation today, July 25. She said: "We're just taking it day by day now." Joel's parents and his partner, Gabriella and Heidi, are at his bedside regularly. "Doctors have told mum and dad he was handed into the hospital by ambulance," she added. "He was found by a member of the public." The language barrier has proved difficult for Joel's family, who are still unsure as to whether the incident has been reported to the Portuguese police or not. They said they had been asked by nurses whether Joel had reported it or not and understood the police had called the hospital to see if Joel was able to talk to them. "We are really confused," Heidi said. Despite trying to talk to police and the UK Embassy, they are still none the wiser. "People need to be extra vigilant when they are in the resort," the family warned. "It seems like the police aren't doing anything about it. These crimes are going on and nobody is aware of it." Alex posted on social media showing his support for Joel and said: "On May 15 this year I was stabbed three times and left for dead whilst on a stag do in Albuferia Portugal. "As I've slowly been recovering I was made aware of it happening again to Joel Collins. "This is upsetting to hear as his story is very much similar and my thoughts are with his family and I'm hoping he has a speedy recovery. "After speaking to his family I want to put this out there to make people aware of the knife crime that is happening out in Albufeira as it's not being made public, and to urge people to stick together. "I didn't think I would be writing a post like this so soon after it happened to me, about someone who lives so close. "Please, if everyone could share this, as I would hate for it to have to happen to another family."  Joel's family has launched a fundraising page to help fund their costs over the last weeks and those to come. The Foreign Commonwealth and Development Office said: "We are supporting the family of a British man following an incident in Portugal, and are in contact with the local authorities."  