Russia's ambassador to the UK Andrey Kelin has lashed out during a fiery interview with Sky News over the conduct of Russian troops in Ukraine. Kelin tried to explain away the targeting of civilians in the war by placing the blame on the Ukrainian side and became angry when he was interrupted by Sky's Dermot Murnaghan. Kelin told Sky News: "Now in the area of Kharkiv, in the south of Ukraine, in Donbas specifically [Ukrainian shelling] continues for eight years. "We have this record and we will apply it to that." "So Russians are doing the same, okay let's accept the Ukrainians are doing that but Russians are doing it too," interrupted Mr Murnaghan. "Don't interrupt me," snapped Kelin.  The interview came as Russian missiles struck the Ukrainian city of Vinnytsia far behind the frontlines on Thursday in an attack which Ukrainian officials called a war crime and said had killed at least 23 people, including three children. The strike, which Ukraine said had been carried out with Kalibr cruise missiles launched from a Russian submarine in the Black Sea, came a day after a breakthrough in talks between Moscow and Kyiv to unblock Ukrainian grain exports and underscored how far the two sides remain from a peace settlement. "What is this, if not an open act of terrorism?" Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky wrote on the Telegram messaging app. UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres was "appalled" by the missile attack and "condemns any attacks against civilians or civilian infrastructure," a spokesperson said.  DON'T MISS: NATO’s 300,000 troop defence overhaul thrown into chaos [INSIGHT]NATO map: The three countries that could attack Russia first in WW3 [ANALYSIS]Why has Nato compared China to Russia? [EXPLAINED] The Russian defence ministry, which denies deliberately targeting civilians, did not immediately comment on the strike. Ukraine's state emergency service said on its Facebook page that 23 people including three children had been killed, with 66 hospitalized and 39 others still missing. It posted a photograph on its Telegram channel of a toy kitten, a toy dog, and flowers lying in the grass. "The little girl Lisa, killed by the Russians today, has become a ray of sunshine," it said, above a second image of a setting sun over ruined roofs. "Forgive us, little one, that we did not save you." President Zelensky told an international conference aimed at prosecuting war crimes in Ukraine that the attack had been mounted on "an ordinary, peaceful city". DON'T MISS: NATO’s 300,000 troop defence overhaul thrown into chaos [INSIGHT]NATO map: The three countries that could attack Russia first in WW3 [ANALYSIS]Why has Nato compared China to Russia? [EXPLAINED] Ukraine's interior minister, Denys Monastyrskyi, said later two more missiles had been intercepted en route by air defences. Russia, which launched what it called its "special military operation" against Ukraine on Feb. 24, says its it uses high-precision weapons to degrade Ukraine's military infrastructure to protect its own security. Vinnytsia, a city of 370,000 people about 200km (125 miles) southwest of the Ukrainian capital Kyiv, hosts the command headquarters of the Ukrainian Air Force, according to an official Ukrainian military website, a target which Russia used cruise missiles to try to hit in March, the Ukrainian air force said at the time. Video footage showed thick black smoke billowing out of a tall building, while photographs posted online by the State Emergency Service showed grey smoke rising later from the twisted remains of burnt-out cars and smouldering rubble.