Arsenal have reportedly rekindled their interest in PSV Eindhoven forward Cody Gakpo. However, PSV would prefer a deal to happen later in the transfer window following their Champions League qualifier against Monaco and potential play-off match later in August. Gakpo was linked with Arsenal earlier this year. However, the Gunners turned their attention to Leeds winger Raphinha. However, Raphinha has got his dream move to Barcelona and now interest in Gakpo has reemerged. Dutch outlet VI says there is a chance Arsenal will sign the 23-year-old in this window. The Gunners are very interested in the player, who has two goals in his seven caps for Holland. VI claims PSV hope to keep Gakpo beyond this window but if he were to leave, they want him to help them qualify for the Champions League first. Transfer news LIVE: De Jong reality check, Chelsea reeling, Everton may axe Dele  PSV travel to Monaco next Tuesday for the first leg of their Champions League third qualifying round tie before the return match a week later on August 9. If PSV were to lose the tie, that could then allow Arsenal to push through with a move for Gakpo. However, if they were victorious, then PSV would have a play-off to contend with. The second leg of the play-off will be on either August 23 or 24, meaning a deal for Gakpo could be one Arsenal pursue late in the window. Gakpo came through the academy at PSV and has scored 42 goals in 134 appearances for the club. He has just enjoyed his best campaign in front of goal, netting 21 times in 47 outings in all competitions. Arsenal have already spent over £115million on new signings this summer. Oleksandr Zinchenko is the latest player through the door having joined for £32m from Manchester City last Friday. DON'T MISSArsenal already have their own Pogba which explains Tielemans stanceArsenal chief Edu opens up on signing Saka replacement amid Man City linksDe Jong 'handed Barcelona pay-cut ultimatum' over £72m Man Utd transfer  But the Gunners are still in the market for further additions to the squad. Mikel Arteta's side beat Chelsea 4-0 at the weekend in their final friendly of the tour to the USA. Arteta says the performance does not affect his plans for the rest of the window. The Spaniard said: "Nothing. Again, don’t get carried away. "There were a lot of positives, there are a lot of things we can do much, much better than we have done today as well and we have to continue to improve as a team." Arsenal's final pre-season match is this Saturday when they host Sevilla in the Emirates Cup. 