In a world full of diets, finding one that works can be daunting for those first starting their weight loss journey. But there are some with glowing reports and a dietician has laid out a few reasons why this diet might work for people looking to still enjoy themselves. WW (formally known as Weight Watchers) is a weight loss programme based on a point system, meals replacement and coaching. It has been used by celebrities such as Alison Hammond and their new ambassador Lorraine Kelly, who have hailed the various plans that have seen them shed pounds. Many studies have shown that their plans can help people achieve their weight loss goals, and maintain it long after they finish their plan. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake One study from The American Journal of Medicine found that people doing WW lost more weight than those trying to shed weight on their own. By emphasising consuming more nutrient dense foods, the plan can help people make permanent healthy lifestyle changes. Amy Fischer, a registered dietician working within the Good Housekeeping Institute, said of the plan: "WW is science-backed, based on research, and effectively teaches users about portion sizes." Bupa revealed that the recommended portion size for starchy foods notorious for promoting weight gain, should make up just over a third of a person's diet. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] Fischer continued: "The goal of any good diet is to be able to eat any food within moderation. "WW doesn't exclude food groups and is suitable for every preference, from vegetarians to carnivores." The WW website states: "Nothing is off-limits." READ MORE: Michael Mosley weight loss: Remove three foods to stay slim More recently, the slimming club embarked on a new venture called PersonalPoints. It is a generated point-based system that's unique to that individual and their weight loss needs. It also makes it easier for people to dine out. Fischer also added: "There is also a strong community that WW members can tap into for support, which is crucial." Users are rewarded for items rich in fibre, lean proteins and healthy fats. It also allows them to earn more doing more points exercise, drinking more water and making smart choices, all of which aid weight loss. A study published in today's Annals of Internal Medicine suggested that eating around 30g of fibre per day can help people lose weight, lower blood pressure and improve their body's response to insulin just as effectively as a more complex diet. It also encourages their members to consume naturally sweet items such as fruit, rather than snacking on sweets. While this was well received by nutritionists, Fischer noted: "Counting points at all may be a deterrent for some people, as a concept.