Princess Anne may be 71, but she still looks incredible in any outfits she wears. Her clothes are eye-catching and stylish, and she doesn’t forget to accessorise with her favourite handbags and even sunglasses. Fashion expert Miranda Holder explained that Princess Anne has never been one to follow trends, and perhaps that is why she has become such as style icon. She said: “The Princess Royal has an unusual relationship to fashion – she certainly has never paid any attention to trends, and in later life has adopted a more frugal approach to her wardrobe than other members of the Royal Family. “She often rewears old pieces time and time again, but it’s through this irreverence that she has become and unexpected style icon.” Miranda continued: “Princess Anne has never been afraid to express herself. READ MORE: Keep bread fresh for 3 weeks with simple food storage hack “She has always possessed an inner confidence which allowed her to carry off any outfit with aplomb, which has contributed to her accidental trendsetter fashion status over the years. “There are numerous photographs of her carrying off interesting new looks such as bright colours, polka dots and even turban style hats which instantly became a sartorial hit and were then fully embraced by her adoring public.” As well as rewearing her own clothes, Princess Anne has also always been a fan of vintage and second-hand clothes. Miranda said: “She was even way ahead of her time with her penchant for vintage and preworn clothing, now a tactic that the rest of the family employ to remain more in touch with the public and support a more sustainable approach to fashion, but the Princess Royal was a pioneer of this. DON'T MISS: Homes Under the Hammer buyer makes £60k after simple layout change [VIDEO]'Finds them hilarious!’ Queen enjoys collecting common kitchen item [INSIDER]Weight loss: Couple shed 27st after fears they were going to die [INTERVIEW] “She was recently spotted at the Lymington Royal Yacht club wearing a very trendy denim blazer which she had probably hung onto since the 80s and now has come back around again, and there are numerous other examples.” She doesn’t follow trends, but does the Princess take inspiration from anyone else? Miranda doesn’t believe so. The fashion expert said: “I don’t think Princess Anne takes inspiration from any other style icon, but simply makes the rules up as she goes along to suit herself. “This kind of self-assurity is magnetic – other women want to feel this inner strength too, which is why they follow her fashion sense.” READ MORE: 'Finds them hilarious!’ Queen enjoys collecting common kitchen item Miranda went on to speak about the Princess’ sunglasses, which she has donned on numerous occasions in recent days and weeks. The sunglasses are large and have a white rim, making them seem sporty. Although not typically on-trend, Anne makes the look stylish. The fashion expert said: “The Princess Royal’s favourite signature sunglasses are another prime example of her tearing up the fashion rule book and setting the standards herself. “The sporty style she favours has never really been particularly fashionable, with a more practical rather than stylish feel, but the Princess has defiantly made them her own over the years, wearing them with a whole range of outfits from the very formal to the casual and sporty, and they work.” Miranda added: “Fashionistas have long purported that it’s not what you wear but how you wear it, and Princess Anne is living proof that this style tactic absolutely works.” Anne was seen last week in Edinburgh, joining the Queen to celebrate her Platinum Jubilee in Scotland. For a garden party on Wednesday, June 29, the 71-year-old donned a blue-grey coat dress with a curved collar from Shibumi. The garment retailed for £395.