A murder investigation has been launched after Lincolnshire Police officers scrambled to Fountain Lane in Boston town centre at around 6.20pm on Thursday. The force said on Friday two people have been arrested following the "isolated incident”.  Police said they are not in a position to name the victim, but her parents have been informed and are being supported by specially trained officers. At the scene late on Thursday night, police cars were stationed on either side of an alleyway to cordon the area off to the public. Two forensic officers in white suits could be seen working at the scene before leaving in the early hours of Friday morning.  Police said in a statement: "We believe this to be an isolated incident. "We are pursuing extensive lines of inquiry and have committed a number of resources to this investigation. "You will see more officers patrolling the area, and we have a high number of specialist detectives who have been brought in to assist the investigation."  Speaking to reporters near the police cordon at the scene, Chief Superintendent Kate Anderson described the nine-year-old's death as an "utter tragedy". Declining to confirm the nationality of the victim's family, the officer said: "At the moment we are respecting the wishes of the family by not releasing her details." The senior officer also declined to comment on whether those arrested were adults or juveniles, and would not confirm what offence they were detained on suspicion of. She added: "We have a number of active lines of inquiry. "It would be unfair for me to speculate on potential motives." Local MP Matt Warman described the suspected murder as “profoundly shocking". The Conservative MP for Boston and Skegness said: “My thoughts are with the family of the girl involved. "I have spoken to senior officers locally and am hugely grateful for all the emergency services’ work. "I would ask that people refrain from speculating while this hugely important police investigation is ongoing. It is vital that those responsible are brought to justice."