Leeds have submitted their opening offer for Club Brugge star Charles De Ketelaere but the Belgian has decided he favours a move to AC Milan this summer, according to reports in his homeland. The Whites' interest in the playmaker, who can also play as a second striker or false-nine, has been well documented in the past few weeks and now Elland Road chiefs have made their move following the sale of Kalvin Phillips to Manchester City. With Raphinha also expected to depart for Barcelona or Chelsea, Leeds are ready to continue their impressive start to the transfer window that has already seen them wrap up deals for Brenden Aaronson, Rasmus Kristensen and Marc Roca. Luis Sinisterra and Tyler Adams are due to follow in the coming days but 21-year-old De Ketelaere is also of huge priority. According to HLN in Belgium, Leeds have actually made their opening move by tabling a proposal that could rise to £30million with add-ons. However, the Whites have now been dealt a cruel blow after it emerged the player would prefer to join AC Milan. READ MORE: Taylor's Transfers: Tottenham track 'next Haaland', Chelsea exit stalls, Leeds double deal The Serie A champions are Leeds' main rivals for his signature and now De Ketelaere has indicated he would favour a move to the San Siro. He is already understood to have held talks with both Stefano Pioli and Paolo Maldini, who are looking to entice the attacker into the switch. So far, their efforts have seemingly been successful but Milan are yet to table a suitable offer to Club Brugge. Their opening bid was worth in the region of £16m and was instantly rejected by the Belgian club, who are looking for close to £35m in order to agree to a sale. READ MORE TRANSFER NEWSMan Utd boss Erik ten Hag orders 'fast' third signing as board finalise two transfer dealsMan Utd make Paulo Dybala transfer intervention after Cristiano Ronaldo hammer blowChelsea to submit mega £43m Matheus Nunes transfer offer in 'next few hours' De Ketelaere scored 14 goals and registered 9 assists in 39 matches in the Belgian Pro League last season. He is considered to be among the best young prospects in European football. Leeds are looking to invest any figure they receive for Raphinha wisely as they look to cement their place in the Premier League after a relegation scare last season. The board are in agreement that De Ketelaere would represent an excellent addition, even if he costs a premium fee. Yet with Leeds seemingly prepared to pay whatever it takes to sign him, it appears they have their work cut out trying to entice the player into a move to Yorkshire. At this stage, his camp are reportedly ruling out a move to Leeds as they wait for AC Milan to up their offer. Arsenal and Leicester have also been tentatively linked with De Ketelaere in the past few weeks but neither are yet to table an offer like Leeds. Leeds are expected to confirm the double capture of Sinisterra and Adams in the coming days after fees were agreed with Feyenoord and RB Leipzig, respectively. Jesse Marsch's side are now patiently waiting for Raphinha to decide his future as they look to continue their summer spending spree.