Manchester United have started to rule out signing Frenkie de Jong in this summer’s transfer window, a report in Spain has claimed. The Barcelona star is Erik ten Hag’s top target. Yet he may end up moving to Chelsea or Bayern Munich instead, with the European giants both able to offer him Champions League football. Manchester United have agreed a fee with Barcelona for De Jong, with Ten Hag eager to secure a reunion with a player he previously managed at Ajax. The Red Devils are understood to be willing to play the long game when it comes to the 25-year-old, meaning they could even wait until late in the window to land their man. But a new report from Catalan newspaper Sport claims that, in Manchester, they’ve started to ‘rule out’ landing the midfielder. De Jong is respectful of United yet is reluctant to leave Barcelona, having long dreamed of representing his childhood club. He’s said to be wary of moving to Old Trafford due to the way the Red Devils have plummeted in the years since Sir Alex Ferguson’s retirement. And he also doesn’t want to play in the Europa League, something United will be doing after finishing sixth in the Premier League table last term. Man Utd transfers: Barcelona draw up De Jong punishment plan According to the report, however, Chelsea are open to the possibility of snapping up De Jong this summer. Yet De Jong will only go to Stamford Bridge if a ‘sensational offer’ arrives, such is his determination to stay at his current club. The report does suggest the Netherlands international may be attracted to Bayern Munich, however. The Bundesliga giants are on the verge of recruiting his close friend, Matthijs de Ligt, with the duo previously playing at Ajax together. They’re also team-mates at international level, with the pair regulars under former United manager Louis van Gaal. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Man Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leave Man Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong De Jong, it’s claimed, has little appetite to play in England because the Premier League simply doesn’t appeal to him. But, with Bayern, things could be different. The good news for United and other interested suitors is, however, that a move to the Allianz Arena looks unlikely to take place. It’s stated that Barcelona now have a bad relationship with Bayern following their lengthy pursuit of Robert Lewandowski. Lewandowski is set to leave Bayern for Catalonia after a fee was finally agreed, with the Poland international thrilled to be embarking on a new challenge at this late stage of his career. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. And whether De Jong stays or goes remains to be seen as the speculation over his future continues to intensify. Speaking at the start of the month, Barcelona chief Joan Laporta attempted to shut down talk that De Jong was for sale. "[Frenkie De Jong] is a Barca player,” he said. “And unless we feel the need or the interest to sell him we won't do it. “Frenkie de Jong isn't for sale. We know he has offers. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “And if at a given moment we are interested in selling him then we would think about it. "But right now we won't sell him. Even more, we are acquiring another Franck. Franck Kessie." And he recently doubled down on those previous claims, with Laporta saying: “It’s not true we being are forced to sell Frenkie de Jong, that’s not correct. “Frenkie’s trip to the United States will be decided by Xavi and I understand he will travel.” De Jong is currently in America with the rest of his Barcelona team-mates as they step up preparations for the new season. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here