Women experiencing perimenopause (usually between the ages of 45 and 55) often gain weight suddenly around their middle. TikTok creator Katherine Perry - @kpfitmindbody - shared her top tips for controlling excess fat. Showing off her enviable abs, the fitness enthusiast shared a few "simple steps" to managing weight gain, puffiness and bloating. Her first tip had nothing directly to do with diet or exercise. Instead, she recommended getting some well needed shuteye - "sleep is number one". Getting enough sleep at night works to prevent those sweet cravings in the middle of the day. READ MORE: Alison Hammond weight loss: ITV star ditched one carb from her diet Short sleep has been associated with increased ghrelin (the hunger hormone) and decreased leptin (a hormone which helps the brain feel full). Incorporating strength training into your workout routine is also key in order to build muscle, which decreases with age. Another tip was to increase water intake. Not everyone loves a cold glass of water, but there are plenty of ways to make water more appealing, for example infusing with berries or slices of lemon and lime. Intermittent fasting is another weight loss tip that works for some, including Katherine. She practises this during the weekdays and gives herself more leeway on the weekends. Weight loss guru Doctor Michael Mosley too hails this method, recommending that slimmers follow the 5:2 diet - dramatically cutting calories for just two days per week. During those windows of eating, there is one food group that is particularly important for those experiencing perimenopause - protein. Slimmers can increase their protein intake by stocking up on lean meats, eggs, tofu, nuts and seeds and legumes. Cutting down alcohol is also key for those who want to lose that stubborn belly fat. Not only are many alcoholic drinks full of sugar, but drinking heavily can also cause the metabolism to slow down. The TikTok creator called this a "huge game changer". Katherine's final tip for weight loss during perimenopause was a very simple and accessible exercise - walking. Walking daily is great for the mind and body, and can be incorporated easily into a slimmer's day. An hour walk burns roughly between 210 and 360 calories. Adding an incline by walking up a hill or carrying a rucksack for some extra weight are easy ways to up the intensity of the exercise.