James Caan had a film career spanning 60 years, getting his big break opposite John Wayne in 1966’s El Dorado. Today he’s best known for his Oscar-nominated role of Sonny Corleone in The Godfather movies and as Buddy’s father in Will Ferrell’s much-loved Christmas movie Elf. Stars of both have been paying tribute to the late Hollywood actor. Francis Ford Coppola, who directed Caan in 1969’s The Rain People and the first two Godfather movies, told Deadline: “Jimmy was someone who stretched through my life longer and closer than any motion picture figure I’ve ever known. From those earlier times working together on The Rain People, and throughout all the milestones of my life, his films and the many great roles he played will never be forgotten. He will always be my old friend from Sunnyside, my collaborator and one of the funniest people I’ve ever known.” Al Pacino, who played Sonny’s brother Michael Corleone in The Godfather trilogy shared: “Jimmy was my fictional brother and my lifelong friend. It’s hard to believe that he won’t be in the world anymore because he was so alive and daring. A great actor, a brilliant director and my dear friend. I’m gonna miss him.” Robert De Niro, who portrayed a younger version of Marlon Brando's Vito Corleone in The Godfather Part II, which Caan cameoed in for a flashback, added: “I’m very very sad to hear about Jimmy’s passing.” READ MORE: Godfather icon James Caan dies at age 82 Elf star Will Ferrell told The Hollywood Reporter: “I will always treasure my time spent on and off camera with James Caan. He always had great stories and advice. Without him, a movie like Elf doesn’t work.” Leading lady Zooey Deschanel, who played Buddy’s love interest Jovie in the much-loved 2003 Christmas film, also paid tribute. DON'T MISSThe Godfather: James Caan was 'p****d off' with co-star [THE GODFATHER]Elf the movie: Secret rows on set of Will Ferrell film 'Not buddies' [ELF]El Dorado: How Robert Mitchum’s gaffe was explained away by John Wayne [EL DORADO] Zooey tweeted: “James Caan was a true delight. My favourite memory of him was shooting part of a montage for the end of Elf and he started playing piano — he played beautifully — I sang and he played and I was just astonished by his talent! I think he was just capable of so many things and that's what made him such a wonderful actor. I was so honored to have worked with him.”