The Last Kingdom's Millie Brady gushed over her "incredible" cast mate Emily Cox for her performance in the series. The Aethelflaed actress admits Brida is hands down her favourite female character. Millie Brady paid a sweet tribute to the Brida actress who she lists as her stand-out female figure in the hit Netflix historical drama. She said: "She's just such a powerhouse." Sharing her love for the character's grit, endurance and multi-faceted vulnerability, the Aethelflaed actress revealed she loves watching Emily Cox's scenes. She said: "I watch scenes that Emily does and there’s just such a strength in all of her decisions as an actor, and I think that she just fully embodies the role of Brida. It's incredible." READ MORE: Carol Vorderman distracts fans with 'annoying' habit Finding the juxtaposition between Brida's almost animalistic impulses and her vulnerability so interesting, Millie credits the character's ability to evoke sympathy for landing the lady at the top of her list. With the drama now in its fifth season, the actress's own character has been through some transformative times. Before entering season five, viewers last saw Aethelflaed choosing between love and the future of her country. The latest instalment sees the aftermath of the character's choice and shows her on the quest to achieve her father's dream. Still majorly driven by love, the new episodes also show the character's entanglement with Uhtred, despite it being forbidden. Millie expressed her excitement at the fact viewers got to see characters' end goals. She said: "You’re getting to go in with every single character and what their motives really are. "For me it seems to be like the season where everything’s coming together for each character’s individual worlds." DON'T MISS...The Last Kingdom's Aethelflaed star Millie Brady speaks out on death  [INSIGHT]The Last Kingdom’s Eliza Butterworth on surprise change to season 5 [INSIGHT]The Last Kingdom's Millie Brady says she 'blagged' Aethelflaed stunts [INSIGHT] Storytelling across ten episodes, season five of The Last Kingdom will still be based on Bernard Cornwell's best-selling novels The Saxon Stories. Focusing on the reprisal of Alexander Dreymon's role as Uhtred, episodes followed the character as he faces great enemies in order to fulfil his destiny. Setting the scene years in advance from where the previous action left off, viewers watched King Edward continue his quest to unite the Saxon Kingdoms as was predicted in his late father's dream. The harmony between long-standing peacemakers the Danes and Saxon is at risk. The threat of a new Danish invasion and Saxon rebellion provided the action for the season and it didn't disappoint. A battle for power and protection of rightful heirs ensues, leaving the main character in some sticky situations. Keeping audiences guessing, a surprising twist reveals Uhtred's mission to unite England may be linked to his own personal destiny. Watch season 5 of The Last Kingdom on Netflix now.