Conor McGregor, who celebrates his birthday on July 14, made his amatuer MMA debut at the age of 18. Now as he turns 34, the fighter has garnered fame and fortune far beyond the sports world, and has generated a healthy nest egg for his family.   Barely a year after making his debut, McGregor met his now fiance Dee Devlin. As McGregor’s career took off, Devlin reportedly quit her job to support and travel with the fighter. The pair got engaged in 2020 and have three children together – Conor Junior, five, Croia, three and Rian, one While McGregor reportedly tries to keep his career and family life as separate as possible, noting before that it is difficult to balance “fights and boppies and cuddles”. While Devlin updates McGregor’s fans on their family life through social media, his own Instagram hosts an array of images showing off his incredible physique, and provides an insight into the fighter’s financial goals. One such image, posted earlier this year served to ensure fans he is steadily recovering from an injury and held some pristine advice in the caption. READ MORE: Daniel Ricciardo speaks out on McLaren exit rumours - 'I want you to hear it from me'  McGregor posted: “Calculate your worth by how many times you laugh and smile in a day. Then make moves to add to your fortune with more laughing and smiling! “Laugh and smile and be rich! This is what I do and I am a billionaire.” McGregor is not yet a true billionaire, but is expected by sports analysts to reach the milestone by the end of the year. He already has a laundry list of achievements to celebrate, including his multiple championship wins, multimillionaire status and successful stint as a businessman – but this hasn’t come without a fair share of aggression from others. The former champion was recently on the receiving end of a tirade from YouTube star Jake Paul who claimed he had a far higher net worth than McGregor.     While Paul is not necessarily known for his rationality, his figures were soon debunked after his social media video rant. Paul’s desire to fight the UFC legend has not been a secret, and after once again calling for McGregor to fight earlier this week, McGregor made his dislike for the star clearly known. In response, Paul, also nicknamed The Problem Child, launched a rant at McGregor saying they just aren’t “on the same level”. Paul commented: “If we went net worth for net worth, I would s**t on you, Conor.” Unless Paul has unreported wealth stored somewhere, his $30million (£25million) net worth is well below McGregor’s $200million (£169million), as estimated by Celebrity Net Worth.  The Irish fighter, nicknamed The Notorious, earned most of his wealth from his infamous fight against Floyd Mayweather in 2017. McGregor has consistently brought in record-breaking pay-per-views for his fights, with the 2017 clash of titans nicknamed The Money Fight. The event was set for 12 rounds and brought in the second highest pay-per-view buy rate in history. However, in the 10th round, McGregor would be defeated by technical knockout. Winner Mayweather reportedly took home an astounding $280million (£236million) whilst McGregor earned over $100million (£84million). This fight would mark McGregor’s move from MMA cage to boxing ring and was plastered across news sites and sports fanatics' minds for months before they even entered the ring.  At the time McGregor would also start reaping money from endorsements with the likes of Burger King. McGregor seemingly wasn’t satisfied with the title of second highest buy rate for that match, and took on Khabib Nurmagomedov in 2018 which would become the biggest pay-per-view event in UFC history. McGregor earned a healthy $50million (£42million) from that fight, totalling his career earnings thus far at $235million (£198million). He has also proven himself as a well-versed businessman with his successful whiskey brand Proper No. Twelve. In 2019 McGregor stirred public concerns when he hinted at retiring from the MMA to focus on his business venture. The brand was sold in early 2021 for an estimated $200million (£169million) and McGregor’s fighting career continued. Unfortunately this would be thrown into uncertainty once again after his third fight with Dustin Poirier in July 2021 as he broke his tibia in the first round.