Princess Anne resides in the idyllic Gloucestershire countryside with her husband Sir Timothy Lawrence. Zara Tindall also lives there with husband Mike Tindall and their three children, Mia, Lena and Lucas Tindall. The Princess Royal's estate is where the Festival of British Eventing takes place, including the Gatcombe Horse Trials - much to the delight of olympic equestrians Anne and Zara. With an estate as large as Princess Anne's, there is also plenty of room for her grandchildren, Mia, Lena and Lucas, as well as Savannah and Isla Phillips, to play in. As for the inside, royal fans have gotten a few little glimpses into the royal residence. In celebration of Princess Anne's birthday, the Royal Family shared a photograph of the Queen's daughter at home at Gatcombe Park. READ MORE: Inside Meghan Markle & Prince Harry's £11million California home She was pictured in an elegant floor-length white gown, languidly sitting on a glistening gold chair with rose gold cushioning. In the photo, the space behind the royal is grand. It has stone flooring and wooden furniture dotted about the room. In one corner of the photograph there is a large stone statue of what appears to be a King. This lavish room is what people may expect from a senior royal, so some were taken by surprise when they saw Princess Anne and Sir Timothy Lawrence's living room. The 71-year-old and her 67-year-old husband have a very cosy, homely living room, with lime green walls and orange cushions with floral patterns. The couple have large wooden cabinets filled with ornaments and various nicknacks. Rather than look like a showroom as some might expect, the royal residence is extremely lived in, with several personal touches such as photographs strewn around the room and piles of books. Royal fans flocked to Instagram, where the photo was posted, to weigh in on the decor. READ MORE: Kensington Palace has an ‘intimate’ tribute to Diana Dianne Betts said: "Over cluttered and so old fashioned." Shireen Maharaj added: "Stuck in the 1960s. Looks damp, stuffy and musty." @dmcpanache branded it "mediocre, predictable". But others were delighted to see such a normal living space even in the home of a royal. Katherine Travers Barnes said: "They have a beautiful home that looks lived in and enjoyed, that’s what’s so beautiful about it." Imma Cuscó Clarasó added: "It’s a homely room, a lived one!" Marcus Winter observed: "Not as grand as one may think." User @s6655 said: "Love the homeliness, can imagine sat enjoying tea and a piece of cake there. Milk no sugar please." In a video dedicated to the Team GB olympic team earlier this year, Princess Anne provided some words of encouragement ahead of the Beijing 2022 Opening Ceremony. She gave this message with a backdrop of quirky lime green curtains.