Nick Kyrgios is set to star in a new Netflix documentary that will follow on his journey through Wimbledon. Much of the programme will focus on the 27-year-old’s final defeat against Novak Djokovic and he is set to earn millions as a result. The Australian signed a deal with Netflix before the event giving production crews exclusive access to his entire campaign at the All England Club. This is believed to include behind-the-scenes footage including access to his post-tournament party. The deal could hardly have worked out better for the American streaming giants given Kyrgios' unexpected run to the Wimbledon final. The world No 45 made headlines across the world for his on and off-court antics with the star regularly berating and swearing at himself, the umpires and his player’s box. His third-round match against Stefanos Tsitsipas will be particularly well remembered with many considering it to be one of the most ill-tempered of recent times. Netflix have already achieved success with many sports documentaries with Sunderland Til I Die and Formula One’s Drive to Survive setting new standards for the industry. DON'T MISS: Joe Biden called out by American politician amid Novak Djokovic US Open stand-off A source told the Daily Mail: “Sports documentaries are working well for Netflix. They get huge viewing figures across the world. Nick is fascinating to watch both on and off the tennis court. His antics at Wimbledon made him a household name. “This film will feature footage, which could be explosive – and compulsive viewing. Wimbledon was a very colourful time for him. “It is also expected to feature interviews with Nick and other members of his team.” Kyrgios was watched by millions as he fell to defeat against the legendary Djokovic in last Sunday’s final, losing 6-4 3-6 4-6 6-7. It was the first Grand Slam final of his career despite his huge potential. He was reluctant to tip himself for another major final anytime soon in the immediate aftermath of his defeat, focusing instead on his need for a rest. "Absolutely not," he laughed when Sue Barker asked if he was hungry for more after coming so close to a maiden Grand Slam title. "I'm so tired honestly. Myself, my team, we're all exhausted. We've played so much tennis. "I'm really happy with this result and maybe one day I'll be here again but I don't know about that." Tennis fans from across the world will be keen to tune in for the documentary when it is released in order to see another side to Kyrgios and exclusive content from his Wimbledon run.