With the cost of petrol and diesel remaining at record highs, drivers have started being very careful when filling up their vehicles. And, many motorists will be aware of how annoying it can be to stand in front of a pump attempting to stop at the right time and get the exact amount of fuel needed. Well, thanks to a new viral video on TikTok, motorists may now be spared the misery and will no longer have to stare at the pump monitor. All drivers will be required to do is press a button. A 23-year-old TikToker, known only as Livs, discovered the button when she was filling up her car. She then filmed the discovery and shared it with her followers on her @livticks TikTok account. READ MORE: Drivers urged to park on driveways during busy periods In the video, the TikToker is heard saying: "How did I never know this existed?! "If you click this button two times ten for £20. It will stop itself at exactly £20. "Wow! That's so cool." While she reacts in disbelief, the footage shows the petrol pump screen going up before it stops at exactly £20. DON'T MISSCar ends up on top of two caravans in a bizarre parking incident [SHOCKING] Drivers warned of simple mistake that can leave them stranded [WARNING] Electric vehicles trialled as rapid response cars [REVEAL] Livs also showed a close-up of the preset section on the bottom-right-hand side of the pump, which features five buttons of different price and litre options and an explanation for how to use them. The video has since gone viral with over two million views, 170,000 likes and thousands of comments. Several drivers have been simply left blown away by the revelation. One motorist said: "Wait. You mean no more £20.01???" READ MORE: New petrol station rules see drivers charged £100 at self-service pump Another added: “You can also set it to stop at a certain literage too. “Tesco is the only ones I know with it though." A third said: "Always learning." While another commented: "I've never seen this." Many drivers, however, pointed out that the buttons are not that common. But, if they are there, they are a “game-changer” during the fuel crisis, others said. The latest RAC Fuel Watch shows that drivers will have to pay £191.43p per litre of petrol. For diesel car owners the price is even higher at 199.05p per litre. However, the forecast predicts the petrol price to fall and the diesel cost to remain the same.