PS Plus subscribers are counting down to the release of the free PS4 and PS5 games for July 2022. The next batch of free PlayStation Plus games have a July 5 release date and an estimated 10am BST launch time. The July 2022 PS Plus games include Crash Bandicoot 4: It's About Time, as well as Dark Pictures Anthology: Man of Medan and Arcadegeddon. With the PlayStation Plus games about to launch, consider this your final warning to download the June free games, such as God of War, Naruto to Boruto: Shinobi Striker and Nickelodeon All-Star Brawl. The July line-up is headlined by Crash Bandicoot 4, which racked up an impressive Metacritic score of 85%. "An all-new Crash adventure awaits! Dr. Neo Cortex and N. Tropy are back at it again and launching an all-out assault on not just this universe, but the entire multiverse," reads the official description. "Wield four powerful guardians of space and time that give Crash and Coco the power to bend the rules of reality and conquer dangerous obstacles in exciting new ways. "And you’ll not only play as the wumping, jumping, marsupial duo: experience things from different perspectives with the one and only Dr. Neo Cortex. Play as Crash, Coco, Tawna, Dingodile, or Dr. Neo Cortex and battle bosses such as N. Gin, Louise, Nitrus Brio, and Nefarious Tropy." Man of Medan is another strong selection. Developed by the team behind Until Dawn, the horror game features a branching storyline that changes based on your decisions. "In this branching, cinematic horror game from the creator of Until Dawn and The Quarry, five friends set sail on a holiday diving trip that soon changes into something much more sinister. "All playable characters can live or die, with the choices you make deciding their fate. Experience your terrifying story alone, with a friend online or go for safety in numbers with up to five players offline." Finally, Arcadegeddon is a colourful third-person shooter in which the player attempts to save an arcade from a mega corporation. "Gilly, the owner of a local arcade, is trying to save his business from a faceless mega-corporation, Fun Fun Co. …and what better way to stick it to the man than with a brand-spanking-new super game. "Unfortunately, the corp gets wind of Gilly’s plan and launches a cyberattack, injecting a virus into the game. "Now it’s up to you to rise up and save both the game and the last remaining local arcade in this ever-evolving co-op multiplayer shooter. Offering a mix of PvE and PvP gameplay, you and up to 3 friends online to explore multiple biomes, compete in mini games, find hidden chests, and battle a crazy cast of enemies and bosses."