Cristiano Ronaldo has not changed his stance on his Manchester United future and is still looking to leave this summer. According to reports, the Portuguese superstar is ready to take a drastic cut in his salary to secure a move away from Old Trafford. Ronaldo is believed to be the Premier League's highest earner on £ 475,000 a week after signing a two-year contract with a further year option if he wishes to extend. However, his salary has proved to be a stumbling block as he desperately tries to secure a move away from Manchester. But he has so far failed to find a potential new club after his agent Jorge Mendes offered his client to several clubs in Europe. Chelsea, PSG, Bayern Munich and Atletico Madrid have all declined to make an offer for the veteran striker, with a return to Juventus or Real Madrid very unlikely. But it appears Ronaldo is now willing to take a huge drop in his weekly earnings if it means sealing a move to a new club. READ MORE: Ronaldo confirms Man Utd return date after Atletico trip snub Sky Germany's Florian Plettenberg reports that Ronaldo is willing to sacrifice a percentage of his United salary in order to move away, with his representatives insisting his exit is not motivated by money. The Red Devils attacker wants to leave in order to continue playing Champions League football next season but time is running out for Ronaldo to head for the exit. He reportedly met with United chiefs earlier this week for crunch talks, with Sir Alex Ferguson also present at the training ground. Napoli have been linked with the former Juventus star but the Partenopei would require a massive reduction on his current wage to take him to the San Paolo if they do pursue a deal. DON'T MISSFerguson handed new Man Utd role as details of Ronaldo meeting emergeMan Utd have four losers if Murtough blocks Ronaldo exit wishRonaldo told to stop 'bullying' Man Utd as Liverpool comparison made A loan switch to Sporting Lisbon also cannot be ruled out, although Ronaldo dismissed reports suggesting he could head back to Portugal as “fake news”. Ronaldo has returned to training after missing several weeks due to a personal issue, having received permission from the club to stay at home during their tour of Asia and Australia. While the 37-year-old was not part of their squad for the 1-0 defeat to Atletico Madrid, he revealed on Instagram "the king", referring to himself, will be available for their fixture against Rayo Vallecano on Sunday. United are adamant Ronaldo, who is under contract until 2023 at least, will not be leaving and is not for sale. But the forward is unlikely to start their opening match of the season against Brighton on August 7, leaving his future up in the air.