James Martin’s Saturday Morning featured a whole host of guests including fellow celebrity chef Paul Rankin, who was whipping up a storm in the kitchen. Paul was making a delicious Asian dish including glass noodles from one of his early cookbooks. He was putting the culinary delight together in James’ outdoor kitchen while the host watched on. Paul was toasting some sesame seeds when he noticed his fellow chef remained seated and observing him. The former Read Steady Cook star was left surprised and told James: “Are you not allowed to do anything?” James looked a bit awkward and taken aback, responding: “Uh, no. Why’s that?” His guest hit back: “It’s just like you’re standing there and I’m cooking for you. It’s quite nice, isn’t it?” READ MORE: ‘Hell hole - Get it off!’ BBC viewer blasts Glastonbury coverage “I’m going to get used to this,” James quipped in reply with a laugh. Once Paul had finished the dish, he explained how the recipe had been groundbreaking back when he had first cooked it. He explained to James: “Back in the day it was quite wacky”, saying it had helped him get a Michelin Star. James was in awe of Paul, who then said about getting the ingredients right: “I had to be careful. The balance had to be careful.” Paul hails from Ballywalter, County Down, Northern Ireland and opened his first restaurant Roscoff back in 1989. Roscoff went on to become the first restaurant in Northern Ireland to win a Michelin Star. Along with Ready, Steady, Cook, Paul has also appeared on The X Factor: Battle of the Stars and Put Your Money Where Your Mouth Is. His books include 1997’s Hot Food, Gourmet Ireland from the same year, Ideal Home Cooking in 1998, and New Irish Cookery in 2005. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale theory: Nicola King to exit as she murders beloved villager [ANALYSIS]Emmerdale theory: Moira Barton's secret son identified in huge twist [INSIGHT]Escape to the Chateau’s Dick Strawbridge admits ‘not everyone’s a fit' [VIDEO] Today’s instalment was a repeat of an old episode and also featured Lorraine Kelly and her daughter Rosie Smith. The pair were promoting their podcast What If? on the show while James cooked for them inside. During the interview, Rosie spoke about her time in Singapore and becoming a foodie. Rosie also revealed how she would make food for her mother Lorraine, who wasn’t as skilled in the kitchen as her. She told James: “I batch cook things and put them in the fridge. I put labels on them.” James said Lorraine would have to “go on MasterChef” with the veteran ITV presenter admitting: “I’m ashamed. It would be carnage.” Rosie quipped her mother would be making cheese on toast with Lorraine adding: “That’s my specialty.” She said: “To be fair, my cheese on toast is pretty good.” Rosie also said how she’d once left a pie in the fridge for her mother to heat up in the oven. Sadly, the results were disastrous with the pie being cooked to a cinder. “You just had to heat it up. It was burnt to a crisp,” Rosie said. “I just got a picture for my dad of a black brick that should have been a pie.” Lorraine told James: “That’s really bad, isn’t it?” The ITV star also revealed how she was previously told she’d never cut it in television with her strong Glaswegian accent but proved her critics wrong with a career spanning over 35 years. James Martin’s Saturday Morning airs on ITV on Saturdays at 9.25am