Arms companies from the West are trying to come up with a defence against Russian and Chinese hypersonic missiles. Hypersonic missiles could offer a decisive military advantage to China and Russia. Andy Thomis, head of the defence company Cohort, said that his business is working on a project to defeat the weapons.  Hypersonic missiles can travel five times faster than the speed of sound and are currently extremely difficult to shoot down. Mr Thomis, whose UK-based company supplies kit for Royal Navy submarines, spoke to The Daily Telegraph and said: “Being able to develop convincing countermeasures against them is a really important step forward. “It's a real challenge. "There's no doubt about that.” READ MORE: Orban demands ‘new Ukraine strategy’ from EU as West’s attack on Putin  Normal missiles can travel at about Mach 3, while hypersonics travel at Mach 5 or faster. As well as being incredibly fast, they have an unpredictable flight path. Both of these attributes make them difficult to track down. China reportedly fired a hypersonic projectile around the globe in a test last year. In May a Russian warship test-launched a Zircon cruise missile that can travel at nine times the speed of sound. The news comes after the US has successfully tested a Raytheon Technologies Corp air-breathing hypersonic weapon. DON'T MISS Putin to play 'energy card' to 'destabilise' UK as winter looms [NEWS]Boris hurls grenade as he gives rousing rally to Ukrainian troops [SPOTLIGHT]Putin BREAKS grain export deal after just HOURS  [REVEAL]    This US attempt to catch up with Russian efforts is capable of speeds faster than five times the speed of sound. This makes the missile system the third successful test of that class of weapon since 2013. Hypersonic air-breathing missiles use air captured from the atmosphere to achieve sustained propulsion. Different hypersonic propulsion types also work in the vacuum of space. The Pentagon said in a statement on Monday, that the development program for the Hypersonic Air-breathing Weapon Concept (HAWC) is being run by the US Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, or DARPA. 