But the motoring association said barely a penny of savings had been passed on to drivers, who now pay on average £100 to fill up the average family car. According to the latest RAC figures, a litre of petrol is 190.65p on average, while a litre of diesel is 198.42p. Luke Bosdet, the AA’s fuel price spokesperson, told The Telegraph: “Even commentators in the fuel trade say that their pump prices should be falling 4p in the next few days.” He slammed fuel retailers who “should have passed on” the 5p fall in wholesale fuel prices to consumers but expressed fears they are instead waiting for announcements on possible tax cuts. The fuel expert added that yet another fall of 5p per litre could also happen in the next two weeks. But there is mounting suspicion that the prospect of further fuel duty cuts may be encouraging the industry to delay passing on any savings so the cut can be passed on instead. He added: “Our fear is that the trade is sitting back to see what politicians do in terms of a tax cut, which they will then pass on to the customer, but then not pass on the wholesale price cut that they should have passed on by now.” The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) last week said it would be investigating the “growing gap” between the oil price and wholesale price and petrol and diesel. The CMA carried out an urgent review of the market ordered by Kwasi Kwarteng, the Business Secretary, after concerns that a fuel duty cut announced in March was not being passed on “in any visible or meaningful way.” Their study also found refineries have driven up the cost of filling up a car by £15. Their climbing margins have added 24p per litre to the price of fuel at the pumps, the watchdog said. A Government spokesman said: “Following the Business Secretary’s intervention, the CMA has launched a Market Study into the supply of road fuel to consider what more can be done to ensure prices at the pumps are fair." “If evidence emerges of collusion or similar wrongdoing, the regulator won’t hesitate to take action.” Howard Cox, founder of the FairFuelUK campaign, said: “Since January 1, petrol prices have shot up nearly 10 percent or 16p/litre, yet astonishingly the wholesale bulk costs have fallen by 16 percent or 28p/litre." “Diesel has not cheered us up much better with an eight per cent hike, equivalent to a 15p retail rise at the pumps." “At the same time, wholesale suppliers have reduced the cost of derv in this six-week period by 9 percent equivalent to a 6p fall when filling up." “It is truly stomach-turning that the fuel supply chain continues to rip-off motorists wholly unchecked." “Pump prices should be at least 20p lower." “And the Prime Minister must implement FairFuelUK’s long called for ‘PumpWatch’ pricing watchdog, to halt the fleecing of UK’s 37m drivers once and for all.”