Charles Leclerc has admitted Ferrari boss Mattia Binotto was “p”***** off” with him in the comments after the British Grand Prix. Binotto was seen wagging his finger in Leclerc's face moments after stepping out of the car at Silverstone. Leclerc said Binotto was just trying to “cheer him up” after cameras caught the exchange between the pair. However, Leclerc has now revealed Binotto was “frustrated” with the Monegasque’s mood. He explained: “I have already said it, and I know that it can create doubt, but he was actually pissed off at me because I was too down, and so he was trying to cheer me up. Everybody was wondering why he was putting the finger like this, but I think he was just frustrated to see me so down after such a great race. “On the other hand, it’s obviously understandable, he understood my disappointment – leading the race and finishing fourth.” After the race, Binotto claimed the finger-wagging moment was a bid to raise the spirits of his driver. READ MORE: Brundle rips Ferrari for failing Leclerc in Verstappen title battle  Binotto added: “I knew he was disappointed. But what I told him is you did a fantastic race once again, because you did a fantastic first lap of the race battling. So I told him simply to stay calm, because the way he drove was fantastic." Leclerc was unable to pit as a safety car was called while Sainz, Hamilton and Perez all pitted for fresh rubber which saw him drop down the field during the latter stages. It means the Monegasque was unable to capitalise on issues for Max Verstappen to close the gap in the championship. The Dutchman had fallen to seventh after striking debris and damaging his floor early in the race. DON'T MISSSainz ready for Ferrari argument and shares Leclerc briefing behaviour [INSIGHT]Charles Leclerc explains 'Ferrari engineer revolt' ahead of Austria GP [ANALYSIS]Ferrari accused of 'hurting' Charles Leclerc in Lewis Hamilton battle [COMMENT] After the race, Jenson Button questioned whether pundits were being told the truth. He joked: “I always cheer my friends up with a good finger wag”. Leclerc squashed rumours of a Ferrari split on Thursday before the Austrian Grand Prix weekend, claiming the team were still united. He commented: “It is a shame to see all of this type of things because it is definitely not what is happening inside the team. We are a very united team, we have always been and it's not these difficult races that will make it change.”