Chelsea should hijack Manchester United's move for Frenkie de Jong to further close the gap on Tottenham, according to Gabriel Agbonlahor. The former Aston Villa captain says Tottenham are in a better position than Chelsea currently but the Blues are getting closer as their transfer business steps up. Barcelona midfielder De Jong has been linked with a move to United throughout the summer. A fee has been agreed between the two clubs for some time but the Dutchman wants to stay at the Nou Camp. Chelsea have made two signings so far this summer, bringing in Raheem Sterling and Kalidou Koulibaly. They are also hopeful of signing Sevilla star Jules Kounde. Agbonlahor believes the arrival of Kounde would end Chelsea's pursuit of defenders. But he reckons a midfielder is also needed and says De Jong could be the answer. Spurs have made six signings, which have impressed Agbonlahor. But he thinks Chelsea are not far behind their London rivals. Transfer news LIVE: Ronaldo 'leaving' Man Utd, Chelsea £51m bid, Arsenal medical  He said on talkSPORT: "Spurs are looking in a better position at the moment with the signings they've made but Chelsea are catching them now. Koulibaly, great centre-half, Kounde will add as well to the defence with Thiago Silva, mainly as a back three. "I just feel like they still need maybe a midfielder. There's talk of maybe De Jong, maybe hijacking that move to Manchester United. "I think he'd choose Chelsea over Manchester United if he had a choice. But I still think another midfielder, another striker. "But defence for me would be sorted with this signing." De Jong's preference remains to stay at Barca. DON'T MISSArsenal finalise loan exit after Oleksandr Zinchenko 'signs contract'Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag changes mind on Antony transfer amid Cristiano Ronaldo sagaMan Utd boss Ten Hag can sign very own Darwin Nunez for cut-price £45m  Spanish football expert Graham Hunter has praised the 25-year-old's stance despite strong interest from the likes of United. He said: "De Jong, on preference, factual, doesn't really want to leave. That's not utterly new in football. "He knows there's a big club waiting for him, potentially two including Chelsea. He knows that it's his ex-manager and his career can thrive at Old Trafford. "But he prefers the idea of putting things right at Barcelona, playing in what is potentially an exciting new era. And let's not mess about, the lifestyle's very good in Barcelona. "De Jong is literally saying if I can tough this out, 'I'm going to stay and I'm going to prove my worth'. Hats off to the lad for that." 