Yes, The Blob, the hidden powers in British media, civil service, academia, education and business. These blobby folk comprise a tiny fraction of Britain’s population. But, my goodness, their capacity to shape events and fortunes is extraordinary; their ability to legitimise or delegitimise awesome. And they’re only too ready to use it. The Brexit vote and Boris's election victory in 2019 were billed as triumphs of the people over parliament. But in truth they were victories over The Blob.  And didn’t The Blob hate it. BBC staff were in tears after that referendum vote. Channel 4’s studio audience gasped in horror when the 2019 exit poll was announced. Universities, government departments and business associations experienced the same collective grief and outrage. Finding a Brexit supporter in such places was like searching for fresh water in the Sahara. And The Blob vowed to wreak revenge on the man responsible for it all. Boris Johnson. They did so with complete constitutional legitimacy. Ruthless and vengeful, yes. Unconstitutional, no. Plot, yes. Coup, no. That’s democracy for you. Them’s the breaks. In Boris, they had the perfect victim. Because he’s all too human, often blurting out what was convenient rather than strictly true. And then we’d go through a familiar process of woolly explanations, denials and finally apologies. He did himself no favours at all, and his bungling of the Chris Pincher affair was the final own goal. He made it all too easy for his tormentors. How needlessly tragic. But is any prime minister perfect? Tony Blair’s decision to invade Iraq on the basis of a falsehood, only then to change his mind about why we’d gone to war at all, is high up there among the catalogue of Prime Ministerial sins. Hundreds of thousands of lives were lost as a result. Compared with that, Boris’s mere cake-eating pales into utter insignificance. And what about Gordon Brown, who sold off Britain’s gold reserves at the bottom of the market, costing us squillions, and later oversaw a culture of bullying in the heart of number 10? Brown’s mistakes dwarfed anything Boris did. But The Blob was determined to get their man, so they picked over every Boris error and misdemeanour, twisting, exaggerating, manipulating and relentlessly hounding, developing a pathetic, sordid narrative that Boris was uniquely awful and unfit for office, and ignoring, of course, his many achievements. They said he could never get Brexit done. He did. They said that releasing Britain from the ravages of lockdown was reckless. It was the opposite. They said Brexit Britain would retreat from the world stage. In fact it led the world over Ukraine. And most of all, they resented the massive Tory majority he has bestowed on his successor, while saving us from Jeremy Corbyn. They hated him for proving them wrong. That’s why they needed revenge. The sheer gloating over the 24 hours since his resignation has been disgusting – matched only by that of Vladimir Putin and his odious Kremlin acolytes. We couldn’t beat him at the ballot box, but we sure could still destroy him. And it’s all entirely constitutional of course. Who needs to win a vote when you’re The Blob? But don’t think they’ll stop there. There’s a far bigger prize at stake, and that’s Brexit itself. If Boris goes, Brexit goes. That’s the plan. It might take years, but that’s what they’ve got their sights set on. And now they have the taste of blood, they’ll hound down their victims with even greater relish. Whoever succeeds Boris better be ready. The Blob is waiting for you.