Former Formula One boss Bernie Ecclestone has come under fire after stating he would "take a bullet" for the Russian dictator, calling him a "first-class person". Eddie Jordan told GB News he was "horrified" and "disappointed" by the controversial comments which have caused outrage. Eddie spoke to GB News' Alastair Stewart ahead of the British Grand Prix at Silverstone where he was asked about the Formula One supremo's remarks. The broadcaster said: “I’m quite certain Bernie didn’t quite understand what he was saying. I’m not trying to defend him." Eddie continued: “I was shocked. I was horrified and I was so disappointed. "You see the pain and the conflict that’s going on. READ MORE: BBC Breakfast viewers thrilled as they welcome back much-loved host “It was an unbelievable thing for Bernie to say. It’s inexcusable. "I don’t even know how you come back from there. "I’m sure Bernie is so upset about what he said because I’m sure he didn’t mean to say it the way that it was said." “Nevertheless he is accountable for his own actions," Eddie added. "It’s unacceptable and hugely wrong for him in the position that he was in.” He added: “I’m not sure you can explain it because it’s so bad.” Bernie said the war in Ukraine could have been avoided by actions taken by Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy. DON'T MISS...Bernie Ecclestone told to ‘zip mouth’ over 'appalling' Putin defence [LATEST]Bernie Ecclestone in fresh attack on Lewis Hamilton over racism row [UPDATE]'Whatever I said I meant' Bernie Ecclestone defends Putin remark  [INTERVIEW] The Formula One magnate said the Ukrainian President should have spoken to Putin who he claimed is a "sensible" person. He also claimed the subsequent deaths from Russia’s invasion of Ukraine weren't “intentional”. Bernie added: “The other person in Ukraine (Zelensky). His profession I understand used to be a comedian and I think he seems as if he wants to continue that profession. "I think if he’d have thought about things he would have definitely made a big enough effort to speak to Putin who is a sensible person and would have listened to him and probably done something about it.”  Formula One was quick to take action against Russia after the invasion with bosses deciding to scrap the Russian Grand Prix after calls from drivers to axe the race. The FIA also banned Russian athletes from using their own flags and stopped the playing of Russian national anthems at FIA events. Formula One has spoken out following the remarks with bosses saying the comments were his “personal views” and were “in stark contrast” to the modern values of the sport. GB News is available to watch on Freeview and Sky. 