Manchester United have reportedly met Ajax's asking price for Lisandro Martinez with a new bid submitted on Thursday evening. Erik ten Hag is keen to reunite with his former star and has seemingly convinced the board to cough up enough cash and beat Arsenal to his signature. Arsenal and United have been locked into a tug-of-war over Martinez for some time, with both Ten Hag and Mikel Arteta keen on Martinez's versatility. The 24-year-old can play at left-back, centre-back or in midfield, but many Red Devils fans believe he would be recruited to bolster the centre of defence primarily. The Gunners are believed to have opened the bidding, but Ajax were reluctant to play ball unless their £43million valuation was met. Now, De Telegraaf claim that United have put together a package totalling that amount, which the Dutch outfit received on Thursday night. If Ajax decide that United have done enough, the deal could progress quickly after the Daily Record reported that Martinez has already agreed personal terms. JUST IN: Tottenham have hinted they will make fresh transfer swoop to sign Alessandro Bastoni Martinez was believed to be a fan of the project being developed by Mikel Arteta in north London, but steering him away from a reunion with Ten Hag was always likely to be a tall order. The Argentine racked up 37 appearances in all competitions last term as Ajax clinched another Eredivisie title. Reinforcements at centre-back will go down well among the United fan base, given the extent to which Harry Maguire struggled last season. The Red Devils had been linked to fellow Ajax defender Jurrien Timber earlier in the window, before he opted to stay in the Netherlands. DON'T MISS...Arsenal new boy Jesus makes Thierry Henry comments ahead of debutLiverpool 'receive improved bid' for youngster to boost Klopp's budgetTottenham 'draw up Clement Lenglet travel plan' as Barcelona deal made If the move for Martinez does kick up another notch, he could become United's second signing of the summer after Tyrell Malacia arrived from Feyenoord. Ten Hag's approach is clear so far, with the 52-year-old focusing on the familiar territory of Dutch football to try and bring in their brightest and best-value talent. The manager's key target, Frenkie de Jong, also has an Ajax connection after he left the Amsterdam-based side to join Barcelona in 2019. United have poured significant time and effort into convincing De Jong that Old Trafford should be the next step in his career, and were thought to have agreed an initial £56m fee. However, Barca President Joan Laporta is adamant that the player wants to stay in Catalonia, and Chelsea are now sniffing around the possibility of a dramatic hijack. Losing out would send Ten Hag back to the drawing board in midfield, with another recruit likely to be needed alongside the incoming Christian Eriksen. United have already agreed a free transfer for the Danish star, with a three-year contract due to be signed in the coming days. As if Ten Hag's 'to do list' wasn't crammed enough, he may also have to replace wantaway forward Cristiano Ronaldo before the end of the summer. A £51m bid was reportedly lodged for Ajax ace Antony, but the Dutch side are believed to value him at a considerably higher price.