Mr Gardiner took to Twitter to slam the Duchess of Sussex following the release of extracts from Tom Bower’s new book, Revenge: Meghan, Harry and the War between the Windsors published in The Times. The extract details Prince Charles' and the Queen’s frustration and insistence that Meghan mend her relationship with her estranged father and the events which led up to the now infamous interview with Oprah Winfrey. Meghan made excuses as to why she couldn’t see her father, which left the senior Royals perplexed and possibly frustrated, according to Mr Bower. An extract in The Times reads: "The conference call ended with both the senior royals [the Queen and Prince Charles] perplexed. ‘I was especially sensitive’, Meghan later admitted, ‘to this as I had very recently married into the family and was eager to please them’. "In turn, Harry fretted that Meghan needed protection. He sympathised with her resentment of the Palace’s keen sense of deference and hierarchy. It adds that Meghan seemed "isolated and vulnerable" and claims that no other member of the Royal Family had "suffered as much embarrassment from their own family as Meghan".  However, some took issue with the assessment that Meghan was a victim. Former aide to Margret Thatcher and Telegraph contributor Nile Gardiner slammed the Duchess on Twitter. He said: "Meghan Markle is no victim. She has ruthlessly used her Royal title to undermine the Royal Family and the British Monarchy, to advance her own business, media and political agenda." According to Mr Bower, Meghan felt increasingly isolated in response to criticism and despised comparisons to the Cambridges, who seemed "perfect". Meghan was envious of Kate Middleton and felt that she was not getting the "recognition and generosity" she deserved.  READ MORE:Smart meter fury: Brits giving false readings to lower costs Following a tour to Australia, where Prince Harry increasingly invited comparisons between his wife and his mother Princess Diana, Meghan is said to have become ever more convinced that she possessed the leadership qualities that she thought the Royal Family desperately needed. Tensions increased between the Sussexes and the Cambridges as Mr Bowden claims Prince Harry and Meghan believed that the other couple were “jealous” of their success on their Australian tour. Meghan’s American advisors and agents are said to have told Meghan that Prince Harry and her could "reap the same benefits" as the Obamas - with different deals earning them tens of millions of dollars - if they were to capitalise on the Sussex brand. An extract in The Times reads: "The Sussex brand, Meghan was assured, offered the same global opportunities as those reaped by the Obamas. DON'T MISS:Tory leadership LIVE: Shocking new favourite emerges [LIVE]‘Worst mistake’ gardeners can make during a heatwave - how to prevent [INSIGHT]Tory nightmare as voters REJECT Boris' replacements - NEW POLL [POLL]  "They could exploit their royal status in films, books, finance and the digital world. By endorsing a big consumer corporation, the Sussexes could earn tens of millions of dollars. "Their first step should be a major interview. Oprah Winfrey was waiting." In early 2020, the couple announced their intent to step down as working Royals, in March they appeared in a tell-all interview with Oprah Winfrey which is said to have enraged the Royal Family. Prince Harry is said to be working on his memoir and the couple has signed multi-million pound deals with Netflix and Spotify, although Meghan's show Pearl has been dropped by the streaming giant. Meghan Markle's team has been contacted for comment by express.co.uk. 