Celebrity Gogglebox secrets were spilled during Friday's filming of The One Show after Rylan Clark alerted audiences to John Whaite's accidental spoiler. The TV host interrupted his guest when he started sharing behind the scenes insight into how the popular programme was filmed. Strictly Come Dancing finalist John was chastised by Rylan for "giving away a secret" during Friday night's airing of BBC's The One Show. John was appearing as a guest on the green sofas to chat about his feature on Celebrity Gogglebox's Pride special with Johannes Radebe. During this conversation he let slip some series secrets involving tiny TVs. He shared: "It was very hot because of the lights, I was moist I was so hot. The strangest thing for me was how small the TV is because it's tiny! It’s a tiny little thing!" READ MORE: BBC Breakfast viewers thrilled as they welcome back much-loved host Rylan gasped: "Oh no wait because you’re giving away a secret." The One Show presenter then went on to share some insight of his own, revealing to viewers it is in fact true for everyone appearing on the Channel 4 show. "So I watch TV like..." he said pointing to a flatscreen in the studio set. "But actually you watch it on a 15 inch because it has to go through a certain system." Nodding in agreement John continued by explaining the reasons behind this show spoiler. "It’s so that your eyes don't wander because if it was a massive TV your eyes would be like that," he said dramatically flicking his eyes about the screen. Leaving the disapproval at revealing show secrets behind, Rylan compared the situation to sitting in the iMax, should series participants be allowed to watch on normal size TVs. At this point, co-host Alex chimed in: "Now that’s insight now that is." Both Rylan and John appeared on the Celebrity Gogglebox Pride special which aired Friday night. DON'T MISS...Gogglebox fans baffled by celebrity guests 'Am I old - who are they!' [REVIEW]Gogglebox’s Gyles scolded by wife after Carol Vorderman team up [INSIGHT]Strictly finalist John Whaite admits he’s ‘pining for Johannes'  [INSIGHT] Having found fame on the Great British Bake Off in 2012, the third series winner went on to make it to the finals of Strictly Come Dancing. Friday night was his Gogglebox debut as he appeared on screens with partner Johannes Radebe who he met whilst dancing on the hit BBC competition program. The 33 year-old chef and television personality featured on the 7pm airing of BBC's The One Show, alongside American singer Ava Max. Keeping up with the celebrations for the 50th anniversary of Pride month, Ava was on the sofas to chat about headlining London's Trafalgar Square concert. Friday's episode was shown on BBC Two this week to make room for Wimbledon on its usual home of BBC One. The One Show is broadcast live on BBC One, weeknights at 7pm.