Wasps and other pests can invade homes during the summer months, and can be very hard to get out of the home. Wasps play a vital role in ecosystems and so it is always better to “deter” the insect, rather than killing them. Adam Juson, founder and director of Merlin Environmental has said Britons may see lots of wasps this summer. With areas of the UK experiencing scorching temperatures, wasps may be more evident. This is due to more ripe fruit in fields and gardens, helping wasps to thrive. Adam explained: “Wasps can be a nuisance in summer but there are various, simple steps you can take to deter wasps away from your home and avoid getting stung. “Avoid taking sweet treats such as fruit and sugary drinks outside, but if you do, make sure you keep them covered.” READ MORE: ‘Old-fashioned’ bar of soap hack for cleaning your house These insects are particularly interested when fruits become overripe. This can also increase the population of fruit flies, another common problem during the summer months. The expert continued: “Seal any cracks around your home where wasps may be able to sneak in, around windows or where power lines may enter your home for example. “Wasps nests can be found underground or suspended in trees and bushes, so be aware of your surroundings, including when you are gardening.” DON'T MISS:Lawn: ‘Quick’ and ‘easy’ jobs you ‘need’ to do now [COMMENT]How to water your plants properly in a heatwave - ‘best practise’ [EXPERT]Mrs Hinch fans share best way to clean bathroom tile grout - ‘so easy’ [INSIGHT] With more Britons spending time outdoors having BBQs or cooling off in the shade, the expert said to avoid wearing bright colours. This is because wasps are said to be more attracted to bright clothing. Adam added: “If a wasp does land on you, don’t panic or flap around, this will make a wasp feel threatened. “If it happens to get inside your clothes, this is even more likely as it could feel trapped. READ MORE: Home improvements which won’t add value to your property - ‘avoid’ “Stay as still as possible until it finds its own way out. “If wasps are still bothering you, you can set up traps using something sweet. “If you have a wasp nest near your home causing problems, it is best to call in the professionals.” According to the Royal Horticultural Society (RHS), wasps are beneficial in gardens. They help to eat insects which could otherwise damage plants. The RHS also shared top tips on helping keep wasps at bay. They said: “Wasp damage on fruits can be reduced by enclosing some of the fruit trusses in bags made from muslin, nylon tights or similar fine meshed materials. “Grapes in greenhouses can be protected by fixing a wasp-proof screen over the door and vents. “Foraging wasps can be trapped in jam jars half-filled with water plus some jam. “The top is covered with a sheet of paper held on to allow wasps to enter. They will be attracted by the scent of the fermenting liquid and will drown. “A wide variety of wasp traps are also available from garden centres and hardware stores.” However, the RHS said it is not clear if these traps reduce wasp numbers locally or attract more from further afield. 