Kwasi Kwarteng has bashed efforts to stain the leadership campaign of Foreign Secretary Liz Truss by drawing attention to the controversial history of her political career. Ms Truss has faced backlash over her early political days as a member of the Liberal Democrats party and for her 2016 campaign for the UK to remain in the European Union. Mr Kwarteng, who has been an avid supporter of the Foreign Secretary’s bid to succeed Boris Johnson, asserted Ms Truss was now, undoubtedly, a staunch Conservative.    Speaking on Times Radio, the Business Secretary said: “She was a Lib Dem in the 1990s when she was a student and she came from a Labour background, her parents were Labour supporters. “This idea that she was a Lib Dem 25 years ago and that should somehow disqualify her I think is absurd. “People’s views change all the time - she was a student and now she’s very much a Conservative.” During her studies, Ms Truss served as president of the Oxford University Liberal Democrats and as a member of the national executive committee of the Liberal Democrat Youth and Students organisation.    Mr Kwarteng continued: “In 2016,  she campaigned for Remain and she admitted that that was the wrong choice - if she had her time again, she’d be a Brexiteer. “Let's forget about 2016, let’s see what she’s actually done in Government. “As a Government Minister, she has driven change to the Northern Ireland Protocol, she has led the way on trade deals and she’s actually governed like a Brexiteer.” Mr Kwarteng asserted that her time as a member of the Liberal Democrats and as a Remain campaigner has not compromised the ability of Ms Truss to hold authority within the Tory party. Read more: BBC sent furious letter over question choice in Tory debate    The notable political background of Ms Truss has been a point of contention throughout the Conservative leadership contest as the opposition have used her past campaign involvements to question her loyalty to the Tories. Rishi Sunak, her rival in the leadership battle, has repeatedly queried her ability to deliver on Brexit due to her previous position within the remain campaign. In Monday night’s televised BBC debate between the Tory candidates, Mr Sunak said: “I remember the referendum campaign and there was only one of us that was on the side of Remain and ‘Project Fear’ and it was you, not me.” Ms Truss fought back as she replied: “Well, maybe I’ve learnt from that.” Don't miss: Farage blasts Sunak for copycat 'bloke in a pub' campaign routine [REVEAL]Mick Lynch hits out at Truss 'wanting to make strikes illegal’ [INSIGHT]Shock poll shows Boris leaving divided Conservative voters [ANALYSIS]  The former Chancellor has also taken swipes at the tax-cutting policies of Ms Truss, branding her financial strategy “fantasy economics.” During an ITV debate in the earlier rounds of the Tory leadership contest, Mr Sunak said: “This something for nothing economics isn’t Conservative, it’s socialism.” In the same debate, Mr Sunak mockingly asked Ms Truss: “In your past you’ve been both a Liberal Democrat and a Remainer, I was just wondering which one you regretted most?” Ms Truss fought back against the comments of her competitor, arguing that her school experience had in fact strengthened her resolve to commit to Conservartive values. Read next: Sunak faces energy bill fury – PM hopeful told plan NOT enough Angry voter rumbles PM hopefuls and pinpoints 'fundamental issue'Police failing to come down hard on criminals - EXPRESS COMMENTLicence fee row: GB News host blasts BBC for 'failing to serve public'Truss wins TV debate ‘by a country mile’ as viewers dub Rishi 'rude'