Boris Johnson's record as Prime Minister has been defended by a caller on Jeremy Vine who rounded on the Conservative Party for "stabbing" voters like her "in the back." Diana from Merseyside was livid with what she sees as the poor treatment of the Conservative leader she credits with "delivering Brexit." Diana told Jeremy Vine: "Very upset cannot believe it. "I just can't believe when Britain was getting back on it's feet, doing well they have done this. "They have stabbed us in the back, the Conservatives." She added: "We all love Boris, we voted for him because he got Brexit done for us and they have stabbed us in the back." Mr Johnson resigned as Tory leader but delivered a broadside at the "eccentric" decision by Cabinet colleagues and MPs to force him out. The Prime Minister intends to remain in office until his successor is elected, a process which could take months, prompting a backlash from party grandees and political opponents over his attempt to "cling on" in No 10 until the autumn. He assembled a new-look Cabinet to replace the ministers who quit or were sacked since the political bloodbath began on Tuesday. While the Prime Minister was intent on showing he was still in charge - even if only temporarily - his potential successors began setting out their stalls.  In an unapologetic resignation statement, Mr Johnson said he had fought to stay on because of a sense of "duty" to the "millions of people who voted for us" in 2019 when he won a landslide election victory. "I have tried to persuade my colleagues that it would be eccentric to change governments when we are delivering so much and when we have such a vast mandate and when we are actually only a handful of points behind in the polls," he said. But "I regret not to have been successful in those arguments and of course it is painful not to be able to see through so many ideas and projects myself". Mr Johnson told his new Cabinet in a meeting on Thursday afternoon the Government will now focus on the agenda on which it was elected, and not seek to implement new policies or make major changes of direction. DON'T MISS: Macron 'didn't seem to care' about 'ordinary people' amid protests [REVEAL]Terrifying explosion caught on camera - Putin military base wiped out  [INSIGHT] Aussie PM had 'week from hell' following Macron text leak  [SPOTLIGHT]  He said major fiscal decisions should be left for the next Prime Minister, No 10 said. Since Tuesday evening almost 60 MPs have quit government or party posts and on Thursday morning newly-appointed Chancellor Nadhim Zahawi went public with a call for Mr Johnson to go. "As we've seen, at Westminster the herd instinct is powerful, when the herd moves, it moves," the Prime Minister said. He acknowledged that "in politics, no one is remotely indispensable" in Westminster. 