Ms Dunlop has pointed to remarks made by the Queen during the 1977 Silver Jubilee as evidence of the monarchy's strong support for the union. The Queen has stayed above the fierce political debate over Scottish independence and a second referendum in keeping with her role as a politically neutral head of the state, however, Ms Dunlop strong believes the 1977 speech shows her majesty is at heart a "unionist." Ms Dunlop told True Royalty TV's The Royal Beat: "During the silver jubilee of 1977, the Queen in her speech that year, said while I know some of my ancestors have been kings of Scotland,  queens of Wales etcetera. "She said, I must remind you of the benefits that union infers or confers onto the United Kingdom. "That Queen, our queen, is a unionist make no mistake. "She said it in 1977 for anybody who wants to go back and check their history books." It comes as the Queen carried on with her official duties at Windsor Castle amid political upheaval in Westminster as Boris Johnson announced his resignation as Conservative Party leader, paving the way for a new Prime Minister. The monarch, who spoke to Mr Johnson on the phone on Thursday morning after he finally agreed to quit, held two virtual audiences from her Berkshire residence. She welcomed the ambassadors from Germany and the Kyrgyz Republic, who joined her via video-link from Buckingham Palace. Sitting in the Oak Room, the head of state, whose 14th Prime Minister, Mr Johnson, will stand down after a new Tory leader is elected, could be seen smiling at her guests on screen.   Both German ambassador Miguel Berger and Kyrgyz Republic ambassador Ulan Djusupov presented the Letters of Recall of their predecessors and their own Letters of Credence. The audiences took place shortly before Mr Johnson emerged from Number 10 to deliver his resignation statement to the nation. The Queen will play an important constitutional role in the appointment of a new prime minister. Mr Johnson will have to travel to see the head of state to formally tender his resignation after his successor as Tory leader has been appointed. DON'T MISS Brexit LIVE: Desperate Boris appoints arch-Remainer to sacked Gove Boris was right to try and stay, his departure will be damaging Michael Gove 'revenge' sacking 'going down badly' with Tory MPs This could be at Balmoral Castle in the Scottish Highlands, where the Queen is expected to stay for her annual summer break until October. As head of state, it is the Queen's duty to appoint the prime minister who leads Her Majesty's Government. The Royal Encyclopedia states that the appointment of a prime minister is "one of the few remaining personal prerogatives of the sovereign". But the Queen is guided by constitutional conventions and can seek advice from the outgoing prime minister, any other political leader, senior Privy Counsellors, or whomever she pleases within the limits of prudence and caution. 