Fraud rates in the UK are rising at an astonishing rate as criminals continue to find new and creative ways to steal cash from hard-working Britons. Police have issued a warning to those who withdraw money from cash machines as it's been discovered that fraudsters have been using ATM machines to steal bank details. Police in Hertfordshire recorded a handful of cases since January however more cases across the UK have been reported. The crime involves fraudsters placing a discreet device over the card slot of the machine.     These devices are usually called “skimmers” and have actually been around for a number of years, however, the technology of these devices has improved which makes them more dangerous. People then use the card machine to withdraw money without suspicion as the device isn’t visible at first glance. The fraudster's device then scans card details, transmits data to them and then blocks the card from being returned. A message then usually appears on the ATM screen telling the customer that the service is unavailable. READ MORE: State pension warning as Britons make ‘common mistake’     The criminals will then withdraw money from the person’s account from another cash machine. One victim in Hertfordshire, who had their card taken by this ATM scam, saw that two withdrawals of £350 had been made from a cash machine nearby. There was a third attempt at another machine close by but the card had then been blocked. In a statement released in June Detective Sergeant Mark Fava, from Hertfordshire Constabulary’s Serious Fraud and Cyber Unit, said: “The best way to avoid this happening to you is to cancel or suspend your bank card if it is retained by an ATM. “If you have a banking app on your phone you may be able to freeze your card temporarily until you can establish what has happened. DON'T MISSPensioners could secure 10 key freebies to help with rising costs [INSIGHT]Retirement and me: Woman, 67, furious at state pension age changes [EXCLUSIVE]Pensioner loses £10,000 in scam and warns others about WhatsApp scam [WARNING]    “Alternatively, you may need to call your bank to cancel or suspend the card until it has been recovered.” Detective Fava urges people across the UK to be vigilant and to always take a look at the ATM machine they are about to use before inserting their card. He said: “As well as all the usual precautions you take when withdrawing cash, like shielding the keypad, when typing in your PIN, you should always examine the machine before use. “If anything looks out of place or it has any parts which appear to have been added, do not use it and report your suspicions to the bank." READ MORE: Inheritance tax rate could be slashed to zero     If a person realises that the machine has been tampered with after they have inserted their card then they need to call their bank immediately while still standing at the cash machine if it is safe to do so. If using an ATM machine, it is recommended that Britons choose ones that are in a well-lit area with CCTV surveillance. These are usually located on a busy high-street, or in a secure building such as inside a bank branch. It is also urged that people stay alert when using an ATM machine.     Before using the machine, people should take a moment to check for suspicious activity around them, if they have been followed or if anyone may be spying on them before using a machine. One of the main safeguards is for a person to shield and protect their pin, as this is a valuable security measure when accessing a bank account.   