The Longest Night, better known to many as La noche más larga, is an original Spanish language drama coming to Netflix. Set inside a prison, the series will see how one warden faces a moral and dangerous dilemma following an attack on the building. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about the cast of The Longest Night. Warden Hugo is faced with a group of dangerous assailants who surround the prison, trying to intimidate him into releasing a serial killer. However, he doesn't give in that easily and chooses to defend his prison and its inmates. Hugo is portrayed by actor Alberto Ammann who is best known for his role as Pacho Herrera in Narcos and Narcos: Mexico. Ammann has also appeared in series such as Mars, Eva, Apaches and Combustion.  READ MORE: Outlander’s Caitriona Balfe details Claire scene she didn’t film Little is known about Elisa but it is believed she is an ally of Hugo's assisting him in trying to keep the prison safe from the attackers. Elisa will be portrayed by actress Bárbara Goenaga, who is the niece of actress, writer and director Aizpea Goenaga, as well as the daughter of painter Juan Luis Goenaga. She has been in series such as A medias, Cuéntame, Eskamak Kentzen and You Cannot Hide. Most recently, Goenaga has starred in the shows Boundless and Supernormal.  Simón Lago is the dangerous serial killer who the assailants are invading the prison on behalf of. Did he somehow manage to organise the attack from behind bars or is someone on the outside trying to look out for him? Simón is played by actor Luis Callego who appeared in the Joseph Fiennes film Risen. Some of his other roles have been in The Boat and Libertad, The Fury of a Patient Man and In From the Cold. DON'T MISS...Kate Garraway’s trousers ‘split wide open’ as GMB host panics [VIDEO]Snowflake Mountain: Where is Rae from Snowflake Mountain now? [EXPLAINER]Boo Bitch cast: Who is in the cast of the Netflix series? [CAST] Few details are also known about the character of Lennon ahead of the Netflix release date. He is portrayed by actor José Luis García-Pérez who was in the Ryan Reynolds movie Buried. García-Pérez has also been in the series In from the Cold alongside Callejo, and Secretos de Estado. Last year, he had a minor role as Javier Santos in the ITV comedy-drama The Mallorca Files.  Other cast members include: Cherokee - Daniel Albaladejo Manuela - Cecilia Freire The thrilling Spanish series will consist of six episodes in total. The Longest Night premieres on Friday, July 8, on Netflix. 