The Muslim-majority ethnic group Chechens, long-time allies of Vladimir Putin are prepared to go as far as Germany to fight for jihad. The paramilitary organisation Kadyrovite forces have fought alongside Russia in the Ukraine war. In the early stages of the war, Ramzan Kadyrov, Head of the Chechen Republic, deployed its forces, saying that Vladimir Putin "took the right decision and we will carry out his orders under any circumstances." Chechen forces have since fought on and claim they are ready to go as far as Germany to fight for jihad. Chechen parliament speaker Magomed Daudov told reporters: "Inshallah, there should be no doubt the DPR, Mykolaiv, Kherson, Odesa under Vladimir Vladimirovich Putin stops us. "Inshallah, we’ll get to Berlin. We will win, no doubt about it. "Akhmat is power! Allahu Akbar!" Daudov shouted. "President Vladimir Vladimirovich Putin, today, Ramzan Akhmatovych Kadyrov, our brothers are defending Islam, first and foremost. "They’re defending values. They’re defending the greatness of the Almighty. "Ramzan Akhmatovych Kadyrov, the head of Chechnya, is playing a big part in this jihad. "And all of our Commanders under his Command. First of all, this is about faith in the Almighty. It’s about our spiritual values and our language." READ MORE: Putin under 'pressure' as 'poor health' forces him to accelerate war  After suffering a major military setback in Ukraine’s capital Kyiv, Chechen strongman Kadyrov has tried to flex his muscles by extensively using public relations videos. The latest example is a bizarre video with a fake Zelensky signing a capitulation of Ukraine and begging him for forgiveness. In early March, Kadyrov had claimed to have deployed at least 12,000 Chechen soldiers in Ukraine to support the invasion. However, Chechen forces are reportedly suffered heavy casualties and are now being sent back to Russia. In another PR video, Chechen forces are seen celebrating the "liberation" of Lysychansk – a Ukrainian city conquered by Russian forces earlier this week. DON'T MISS:Kremlin bars British ambassador from key parliament chamber [REPORT]Ukraine hails Johnson ‘example to Free World’ in action against Putin [REPORT]Putin humiliated after Iskander ballistic missiles explode on launch [REPORT] Russian troops have gained ground over the last few days in the eastern Donbas region, a piece of land Vladimir Putin has unsuccessfully tried to capture since 2014. In a direct address to Ukraine, Russia’s Ambassador to London, Andrei Kelin, said Ukraine must strike a peace deal with Russia or face "slipping down this hill" to ruin. "Of course, it is difficult to predict the withdrawal of our forces from the southern part of Ukraine because we have already experienced that after withdrawal, provocations start and all the people are being shot and all that," Ambassador Kelin told Reuters. READ NEXT:'Why don't you stop war?!' Lavrov confronted by furious crowd at G20Brexit LIVE: Boris bashed as 'serial liar' in EU status attackUkraine LIVE: Putin stunningly blames 'unleashing war' on WestUkraine urged to destroy Russia's bridge to Crimea by NATO commander Turkey's ambassador summoned by Ukraine over stolen grain row