Some tennis fans have criticised BBC commentator Andrew Castle for claiming that Nick Kyrgios’ run to the Wimbledon final is “admirable” amid the Australian’s domestic abuse allegations. Kyrgios has been summoned to face a Canberra court in Australia after he allegedly assaulted an ex-girlfriend last year. Castle received backlash for his comments during Novak Djokovic’s semi-final win over Cameron Norrie. “Nick Kyrgios has gone through an extremely humble and respectful press conference yesterday when Rafa [Nadal] pulled out,” Castle said live on the BBC's Wimbledon coverage. “He's got a lot of things to deal with at the moment, Kyrgios. “Despite the complexity of his private life, and the difficulties that lie ahead. He's facing a domestic assault allegation against him and has to appear in court. He's in the Wimbledon final tomorrow, so admirable work from him.” Castle was met by a barrage of social media backlash for his comments, as one Twitter user wrote: “What a disgraceful comment from Andrew Castle. No common sense or principles.” JUST IN: Henman teases Cash after 'four glasses of wine' before BBC duty Another said: “Let's hope that it was a big and horrible mistake and Castle apologises for that unacceptable comment. It is sad and bizarre that this happens.” The BBC are yet to make a comment regarding Castle, and fans have urged that he does not commentate on the Wimbledon final. “I will be fuming if @BBC let Andrew Castle commentate during the Men's final on Sunday,” one Twitter user said. “His opinions about #Kyrgios behaviour and personal life will be really ANNOYING!” DON'T MISSRussian-born Wimbledon semi-finalist reacts to war after escaping banOns Jabeur's sweet gesture for Maria after reaching Wimbledon finalRafael Nadal injury update as Wimbledon star hides from spotlight Another fan agreed that Castle should not commentate on Sunday’s final between Kyrgios and Djokovic. “Please please please can we request not to have Andrew Castle commentating on the final!” They tweeted. “It’s so enraging, can we have someone who actually talks about the tennis that’s happening in front of them? Petition for Tim Henman and Andrew Cotter.” Kyrgios is set to go to court next month, as a police statement was released confirming the news: "ACT Policing can confirm a 27-year-old Watson man is scheduled to face the ACT Magistrates Court on the 2nd of August in relation to one charge of common assault following an incident in December 2021." The news of Kyrgios’ summoning surfaced ahead of his quarter-final victory over Cristian Garin on Wednesday, and the All England Club did release a statement ahead of the match. An All England Club spokesperson said: “We have been made aware of legal proceedings involving Nick Kyrgios in Australia, and as they are ongoing, we are not in a position to offer a comment. We are in touch with Nick’s team and he remains scheduled to play his quarter-final match tomorrow.”