Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta claims that William Saliba is in line for a first-team role this season, with the centre-back reportedly ready to quit the club if he is not made a regular starter. Gunners fans have been left to sweat on Saliba's future over the past few months, with the Frenchman in demand after a loan spell with Marseille last season. Saliba has never made a competitive appearance for Arsenal, despite signing from Saint-Etienne in 2019. In the three seasons since, the Gunners have opted to further his development by organising a sequence of loan spells in Ligue 1. A season under Jorge Sampaoli at Marseille last term was Saliba's best to date, and he became a full French international while racking up 52 appearances in all competitions. With Ben White and Gabriel Magalhaes already laying claim to the two centre-back spots at the Emirates, it remains to be seen whether the 21-year-old can force his way in. The Independent claim that he will ask for a permanent exit if Arteta fails to provide the necessary assurances. With pressure mounting, the boss addressed the situation before a pre-season friendly with Everton in the early hours of Sunday morning. JUST IN: Chelsea star Reece James scores outrageous own goal after mix-up with third choice keeper "He's in the plans," said Arteta. "We cannot guarantee first-team football to anybody in this team - you can ask that question to anybody. What we guarantee is that the ones we really see and think are going to take us to the next level, they're going to be playing a lot of minutes. "He's a proper talent and he's shown in the last year what can do. But in football it's about what you do the next day - what everybody did three months ago or a month ago, it doesn't really matter. It's about what you do tomorrow and he's going to have the chance to play. READ MORE...Oleksandr Zinchenko to join Arsenal for same two reasons as JesusMan City respond to claims Barcelona have 'agreed £68m deal' for SilvaArsenal may be about to spend another £77m as Gunners 'optimistic' "The communication and the honesty we had between each other has always been very clear - I never promised minutes. I think he's improved in many areas, first of all because he has an incredible amount of minutes last year. He played to a really good level. "He was educated with a different coach in a different league and now it's about putting all those things for the way we want to play and in our league which is a very different context. He needs to show that now. I think he looked really confident and all that time he's been abroad has built that confidence in him which is really important. Don't forget the age he still is. How many players at his age play as a central defender at a big club in the Premier League?" Saliba started the clash with Everton alongside Gabriel, with Cedric and Nuno Tavares making up the back four. Two quickfire goals from Gabriel Jesus and Bukayo Saka were enough to seal a 2-0 victory, which should boost morale ahead of the upcoming campaign. Having already welcomed four players this summer, Arteta could land another by early next week as reports indicate that a £30million move for Manchester City star Oleksandr Zinchenko is nearing completion.