A TikTok property and cleaning expert has shared her hack to clean the limescale from your kettle, showing off her own amazing results. The content creator asked: "No judgement, but when was the last time you disinfected your kettle? Today, I'm going to show you how to do it." Elena runs the TikTok account ThisHouse5000, where she boasts 68.1k followers and two million likes. Based in Toronto, Canada, she posts home decor DIY, cleaning tips, and property inspiration on her page. She showed off the inside of her dirty kettle, full of limescale, and said: "I'm going to show you how to get all of this right out." Elena created a homemade mixture to eradicate this unsightly limescale. READ MORE: ‘Mugs are sparkling!’ 10p hack to remove tea cup stains ‘in minutes’ with ‘no scrubbing’ Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea She explained: "I did like three cups of water, and then did I three cups of white vinegar. "As long as it's equal parts it doesn't really matter, you can kind of eyeball it. "Then I swished it up and I let it sit for a little bit. Five, 10 minutes, 30 minutes. "Then I brought it to a boil. After boiling it I emptied it and then I rinsed it a couple of times just to get the vinegar smell out of it and bam, look how sparkling it is! "It looks brand new."  DON'T MISS‘Dull and unappealing’ colours to avoid when decorating [INTERIORS] Kim Woodburn's 10 minute daily cleaning routine [EXPERT] Avoid popular DIY laundry hack that makes your water harder [WARNING] Some viewers were shocked to learn they needed to clean their kettles. One wrote, "Omfg I’ve never done this in my 23 years," while another said, "Omg I need to do this". Others added their tips for other followers to try. One fan said: "Using purified water to boil in the kettle helps lessen the build-up (in my experience)." Another said: "It’s better if you add half a lemon." Limescale from boiling hard water in particular. If you live in a hard water area, you will see the build-up limescale accumulate quickly. Limescale is a mixture of magnesium and calcium, which are left behind when hard water boils away. It can make your water taste strange, as well as make your kettle less effective. It can be tricky to remove if left to build up for a long time, so cleaning your kettle frequently is a good idea. It's possible to buy limescale cleaners from shops, or you can easily make some at home, with white vinegar or lemon juice. Fill your kettle three-quarters of the way with water and vinegar, or water with the juice of a lemon. Let this soak for up to an hour and then boil the kettle a few times. Then rinse the kettle and wipe it with a cloth, inside and outside.