Over the past two days, Prime Minister Boris Johnson, 48, has been hit with more than 50 resignations from members of the Tory Party. With the number of MPs quitting set to rise, Good Morning Britain host Andi Peters mocked the ongoing saga. Throughout Thursday’s instalment of Good Morning Britain, the show was interrupted by many breaking news moments as MPs continued to leave their posts. Discussing the resignations was Anna Soubry and Alex Deane who argued over the future of the party. As the row became fiery, Ben Shephard stepped in to end the debate to move the show along. "Unfortunately… Anna, Alex, Anna, I’m afraid we’re out of time," Ben said.  “We’re going to have to draw a line under it there, it’s still early in the day, it’s 8.40, and there’s still plenty more to come, which will be debated but we appreciate you joining us.” Susanna Reid added: “We have to cross over to Andi now because he has breaking news.” Mocking the constant resignations, Andi said: “Right, that’s it! I’ve resigned!” He then walked out of the shot making it look as though he had decided to leave the broadcaster, mirroring the multiple MPs who have recently walked out of Downing Street.   In the studio, Ben and Susanna erupted into laughter before the latter joked it wouldn’t be the first time that someone walked off, referring to Piers Morgan's infamous walk off. In March last year, Piers stormed out of the studio after butting heads with weatherman Alex Beresford regarding Meghan Markle’s Oprah interview. It wasn’t the first time in the show that Susanna and Ben had a jibe at the ongoing situation as they suggested to Lorraine Kelly there’s plenty of space for her to join parliament. Elsewhere in the show, they spoke to former Health Secretary Matt Hancock to get his take on Boris Johnson.   Appearing outside Westminster, he told the hosts it was in the “national interest” for Johnson stand down from his role as Prime Minister. He said: “Unfortunately he’s lost the confidence not only of the parliamentary part but also of his cabinet. “There are so many important things we need to be getting on with. We need a new Prime Minister.” He admitted it is with "great sadness" as he’s worked incredibly close with the PM in the past.    He continued: “It's time for him to go. “It gives me no pleasure to say that but clearly he should just come out of Downing street. It will be better for him and will be better for the country." When asked if he would consider running for the next Prime Minister, the former Health Secretary said he wouldn’t. He said: “No, I’m not going to be standing but I do care very much about what the next Prime Minister stands for. “It’s really important it’s about uniting the country.” Good Morning Britain continues weekdays at 6am   