Around 73 percent of those surveyed think a well-designed staircase impacts perception of an entire property and 71 percent saying it’s an important feature when selling a home. The premium fitted furniture and staircase renovation brand has commissioned new research to tap into the psyche of a homeowner, with the survey revealing an aesthetically pleasing hallway as a higher priority for property owners than bedrooms and bathrooms. As the hosting season is upon us, Britons will be welcoming more guests into their homes. The new research revealed that ‘staircase shame’ is on the rise with homeowners, as 31 percent revealed they’ve been embarrassed of their staircase when hosting to friends and family. Neville Johnson’s Staircase Designer, Gareth Betts, explained: “There are many ways to add value to your home, renovating the kitchen, improving the garden, however most people don’t consider a staircase replacement to be one of the easiest and visually appealing ways to make the property more desirable. “A staircase is an integral part to the structure of any home and is the first thing that yourself and guests see when walking inside, so guaranteeing your hallway is impactful is key. “A bespoke staircase is the perfect way to transform a space into something that was once ‘tired’ into a space that is stylish and welcoming.” Gareth, who also has 21 years’ experience when it comes to staircase renovations, shared his expert tips to ensure a seamless renovation. READ MORE: Monty Don shares ‘secret’ for ‘better’ container plant displays Before even thinking about replacing the staircase, the structure needs to be checked. The expert said: “An important part of any renovation is to ensure that the existing staircase is structurally sound before the start of the process. “This ensures for an easy renovation.” Instead of having to take on structural changes, homeowners can just replace components of the existing staircase. DON'T MISS: Mrs Hinch fans shares ‘key ingredient’ to get ‘soft and fluffy’ towels [COMMENT]House prices reach ‘record high’ as properties for sale remain ‘low’ [EXPERT]Monty Don shares ‘secret’ for ‘better’ container plant displays [TIPS] As well as the structure, homeowners also need to think about arranging a consultation with experts to find out what the best option is for their homes. This will allow homeowners to ask any questions about the renovation design with ease. Surprisingly, staircase renovations do not take as long as expected. Gareth explained: “The misconception that a staircase renovation is time consuming can put many people off the idea. READ MORE: ‘Important’ garden trend that could add £27,0000 to property value “However, a staircase replacement is an easy process that will take no longer than 48 hours.” This means there will be no need to factor in time away from your home due to disruptions with the easy and hassle-free process. When it comes to staircase style, those looking to renovate may want to think about what the majority of people like. An unusual design may put off potential homebuyers in the future and could even lower property value. The study also revealed that when considering staircase styles, 36 percent of UK homeowners choose contemporary monochrome style staircases, more than double of those who chose glass and dark oak options (seven percent). When asked where they get their home and interior inspiration from, a resounding 43 percent revealed they still get their influence from friends and family, with social media influencers coming in last (16 percent). For those given the opportunity to renovate their staircase, 54 percent say disruption caused in the home is the biggest off put, whilst 39 percent picked the lengthy time it takes to complete. But with the possibility of achieving a successful staircase renovation within 48 hours, disruption will be kept to an absolute minimum and the “staircase shame” can be tackled in just a couple of days.