No wonder it's been called the "Geordie Versailles". Seaton Delaval Hall near Newcastle is the finest country house in the region, with a history dating back 1,000 years. Built by a playwright notorious for his raunchy plots, it played host to the Delaval family - whose surname became a byword for riotous parties, elaborate pranks and fastliving excess, but who also won (and later lost) vast wealth through their ingenuity. If they weren't tricking vulnerable heiresses, sticking live ducks in guests' beds, or hiring West End theatres to put on plays in which they took all the starring roles, they were amassing their fortune from coal and glassmaking. Then the money was blown and the great ancestral pile was almost destroyed two centuries ago by a terrible fire. Yet now, thanks to the affection of locals, who once rescued its treasures from the flames and more recently dipped into their pockets to help save it, as well as heritage funding and the brilliance of the National Trust, Seaton Delaval Hall is restored to welcome new generations of visitors. The Trust has just completed a major conservation project, which has seen the West Wing reroofed, magnificent cantilevered spiral staircases restored, and its vaulted basements saved from flooding.The Trust has even protected the hibernation roost of pipistrelle bats discovered in the hall's nooks and crannies. "As well as the critical repairs to conserve the hall for the future," says its general manager Emma Thomas, "we wanted to bring the drama back and reintroduce some of the spectacle and flamboyance that the Delavals were known for, and that made them the toast of Georgian society. "This place has swung from fortune to misfortune many times, and the story of its survival is as dramatic as any performance the Delavals staged here." The first Delavals to settle in the North East were relatives of William the Conqueror, who he rewarded with land for their part in the Battle of Hastings. The estate expanded alongside the family's business interests, firstly in salt extracted by evaporating sea water in huge pans over fires made from another vital local product: coal. But by the 18th century, the family fortunes nosedived after they were taken to court for failure to pay a daughter's marriage dowry, and Seaton Delaval was put up for sale. The buyer was a cousin, Admiral George Delaval, who made his riches plundering enemy ships while in for to an the Royal Navy. Now the Admiral sought a home befitting his buccaneering character, and turned to the man already regarded as Britain's foremost architect to build it for him. Sir John Vanbrugh was an extraordinary figure. A hot-headed radical in his youth, who had once conspired to overthrow King James II, he had become a dramatist whose comedies scandalised polite society with their sexual explicitness. By the time Admiral Delaval contacted him however, Vanbrugh, like his contemporary Sir Christopher Wren, was best known for the English Baroque style of architecture which his designs had come to embody. He had already built Castle Howard in North Yorkshire (which has since starred in two screen versions of Brideshead Revisited) despite never having previously designed so much as a hen house. That success brought Vanbrugh to the attention of the Duke of Marlborough, for whom he created Blenheim Palace (later the birthplace of Winston Churchill). At Seaton Delaval, Vanbrugh recommended the demolition of the existing mansion, with the creation of an entirely new house in its place: a central block with east and west wings either side forming a three-sided courtyard, in which the wealthiest people of the day would disembark from p p y their carriages, to be ushered into the monumental entrance hall. There they would be greeted by life-size statuary in alcoves above a black limestone and white marble-flagged hall, entertained in sumptuously decorated parlours with adjoining corner turret rooms playfully concealed behind folding wood panelling, and then shown to their rooms up open-welled spiral staircases, the steps of which fitted together without any central support in a feat of engineering hardly seen before in Britain. It was considered the finest country house Vanbrugh had built, and would prove to be his last too, as he died from an asthma attack at his London home two years before Seaton Delaval Hall was completed in 1728. Nor did the Admiral ever live to see the house of his dreams - dying following a fall from his horse in the grounds at around the same time. The new hall passed to his nephew, Captain Francis Blake Delaval and his wife Rhoda but, following a disturbing emerging pattern for its male heirs, he too met his end there after falling drunkenly down the front steps of the house in 1752. Now the eldest of his eight sons and four daughters - Sir Francis Blake Delaval - came into his inheritance, and the era in which the family earned its notoriety as the "Gay Delavals" really began. Francis was determined to enjoy the family fortune. The stories surrounding him quickly became legion. He once shot coins from a cannon to buy votes for himself to become an MP. And he spent the then massive sum of £1,500 to hire London's Drury Lane Theatre for a performance of Othello starring his brothers, sisters and friends. The Royal Family was in the audience, while the House of Commons adjourned three hours early so its members could go and see it. Francis even gave a starring role to his mistress, with whom he lived while in London and who bore him two illegitimate children.This must have deeply wounded his mLch wife, Isabella Tufton, who had already been on the receiving end of his duplicity. Having run up huge debts before they met, Francis had an actor friend pose as a fortune teller who convinced wealthy widow Isabella - twice Francis's age - that she would meet her future husband the next day in London's Green Park. He duly turned up there on the predicted date, and she fell for the trick. It was not just livestock beneath the sheets with which Seaton Delaval guests had to contend. They would wake from drunken slumbers to find their rooms turned upside down with furniture attached to the ceiling, or were tipped from their beds into tubs of cold water. There were sack races, masked balls, even gurning competitions. More cruelly, Francis was also known for holding contests to bite the heads off sparrows. Isabella's inheritance turned out not be as great as Francis had hoped, but his dissolute habits would have burned through any sum, and once the money ran out he had to hand over the estate to his brother John in return for a regular allowance. John was as hard-headed a businessman as his brother was profligate. He carved out a new entrance to the estate's harbour which made it a leading port (today known as Seaton Sluice), oversaw the huge growth of the local coal industry, and masterminded the Royal Northumberland BottleWorks, the country's largest such factory, which produced nearly two millions bottles per year. But all his money could not save his own son John from becoming the latest in the jinxed male line. According to legend, he j died, aged 19, after being kicked between the legs by a maid fending off his unwanted advances (though the consumption - or tuberculosis - from which he was already suffering was a more likely cause). By the 19th century, the Delaval line had died out, and the house passed to their relatives, the Astleys, who succeeded to the title Baron Hastings. It was on their watch that the house, already neglected in favour of their main Norfolk home, was ruined in 1822 by a fire believed to have started in a chimney blocked by jackdaws' nests. "The glass in the windows, by the intense heat, was reduced to a liquid state and the lead in the roof poured down like water," reported a local newspaper. Even though neighbouring villagers risked their lives to carry out valuable paintings, furniture and documents, the house was left without a roof for 40 years, and never fully rebuilt. It was used to house German and Italian prisoners during the Second World War, and for decades after that became the lifetime restoration project of the last but one most recent Lord Hastings and his wife. The National Trust acquired the site from their son in 2009. With the help of more than £1million in public donations, and thanks to a £3.7million award by the National Lottery Heritage Fund, and a further £3million from the Trust itself, it has been rescued from decline and restored to face the centuries to come. The Gay Delavals would have been delighted - and almost certainly have thrown a party to celebrate. For more information, visit nationaltrust.org.uk/seaton-delaval-hall