YouTube sensation Joe Sugg was paired with Australian professional dancer Dianne Buswell on the 2018 series of Strictly Come Dancing. The duo dazzled the judges and made it all the way through to the grand finale. While they narrowly missed out on the Glitterball Trophy, the couple got into a relationship and Joe recently opened up to Express.co.uk about Dianne's eagerness to return to the dance floor. The 30-year-old, who boasts an impressive 7.5million subscribers on his YouTube channel, moved in with Dianne in 2019. They are still going strong and Joe exclusively spoke to Express.co.uk about Dianne being excited to return to the ballroom for this year's series of Strictly Come Dancing. He said: “I think she is super excited about it as it is the 20th year. “I think it could be the first year back - I don’t know if it is or not - but I would like to think because of the current situation the world’s in that it is going to be a year where things to feel a bit more back to normal as well." READ MORE: P-Valley: Why did Big Teak kill himself?  Joe, who is the host of the Strictly Come Dancing podcast, added: “It’s perfect timing in a way for the 20th series so I am hoping Blackpool is returning and I am hoping we are going to see an audience in the ballroom again and I know it is going to be great to see." The Strictly cast has not been able to perform in the magnificent Blackpool Tower Ballroom in recent years due to the coronavirus pandemic. Dianne, who joined the BBC dancing show in 2017, last danced in Blackpool with Joe when they were partnered up. “I know Dianne is super excited and she looks forward to it all year round," the presenter exclaimed.   “I am super excited to watch it again and get behind them all." While his time dancing came to an end in 2018 when he was beaten by Stacey Dooley and her partner Kevin Clifton in the final, his relationship with Dianne keeps him close to the show. He explained: “That is the thing, once you get on the show you get to know everyone so well. "Going back to Elstree Film Studios is like going back to meet old school friends, it’s a really nice feeling.  DON'T MISS...Strictly’s Dianne Buswell laments Anton du Beke's dramatic role change [LATEST]Strictly's Dianne Buswell shares heartache over show farewell  [INSIGHT]Strictly's Dianne Buswell shares uncertainty over marrying Joe Sugg  [EXPLAINER] “It’s not just with the professional [dancers] it’s with everyone who works on the show as you get to know these people so well throughout the show." Joe added how enthusiastic his 33-year-old beau is about reuniting with her fellow professional dancers and the crew. Before joining the Strictly Come Dancing line-up, the red-haired beauty competed on Dancing with the Stars in Australia. She was paired with Reverend Richard Coles for her first season of Strictly Come Dancing but they were the second couple eliminated.  Dianne had more success the following year with Joe who admitted he's still "shocked" about how many people remember him from the show. Joe said: “I know it is a very watched show but it’s brought a whole new level and change of life for me post-Strictly in terms of like the number of people who would then recognise me. “Before, when I was just doing YouTube videos, anyone who was secondary school age might know me - [people] about 16 to 18 years old who knew about the era of YouTube. “But then post-Strictly is was ages above, but also the young ones again. "It was also the older generation who watch Strictly, so it changed supermarket shopping for life. Now going to a supermarket is completely different." Strictly Come Dancing returns on BBC One this autumn at a date yet to be announced.