Manchester United thumped Liverpool 4-0 to lift the Bangkok Century Cup on Tuesday, starting Erik ten Hag's reign in the most illustrious way possible. But with the battle for places in the Dutchman's plans already well underway, a few players struggled to make a name for themselves in the searing heat of Thailand's capital. Jadon Sancho, Fred, Anthony Martial and Facundo Pellistri were on the scoresheet and all impressed, among others, at the Rajamangala National Stadium. Express Sport names four players who failed to do so and could be at risk of soon being left behind in Ten Hag's Old Trafford rebuild. Luke Shaw didn't do anything particularly wrong but always seemed to be one foot behind 17-year-old right-back Isaac Mabaya. He was also hit with an early injury scare before being part of Ten Hag's 10 half-time substitutions, an injury that frustrated United last season. There has been a debate over whether Tyrell Malacia will be first-choice or backup in his first season. But Shaw's injury issues and lack of sharpness could propel him into Ten Hag's primary thinking earlier than expected, as Alex Telles profited from under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick last term. DON'T MISS: Man Utd 4-0 Liverpool: Four stars who shone as Red Devils run riot Scott McTominay lined up alongside Fred in midfield as Ten Hag followed the trend of United managers trusting the 'McFred' double pivot in a 4-2-3-1. But he was outshone by the Brazilian, and his status as a regular starter is in jeopardy ahead of midfield arrivals this summer. Christian Eriksen should be the next signing United confirm, with Barcelona star Frenkie de Jong also seemingly edging closer to an Old Trafford switch. McTominay is by no means the finished article and could be one of the players who benefit most from Ten Hag's coaching. But he has plenty to prove to maintain his starting berth. READ MORE: Newcastle 'ready to smash' transfer record for Alexander Isak Amad endured a tricky 2021/22 season after a season-long loan to the Netherlands fell through. In January, he joined Rangers on a short loan for struggled for minutes and played a limited role in the Glasgow giants' Scottish Premiership and Europa League campaigns. He's returned to United with a point to prove this summer, with Ten Hag's wing options thin, but Pellistri outshined him against Liverpool. Amad lost the ball numerous times and didn't look as sharp as other players in his position. Another loan could be on the agenda for this campaign. Marcus Rashford by no means had a bad game against Liverpool, but he was the least impressive of United's starting front three and squandered a couple of decent openings. The 24-year-old needs to rediscover his scoring touch during pre-season to ensure he's at his very best for Ten Hag, given he will likely be the Dutchman's first-choice left-winger this season. Rashford has the attitude and quality to regain his status as one of the Premier League's top forwards. But after prolonged rest and a full pre-season underway, there is no better time for him to grow his confidence back and become the star name he has proven he can be in previous seasons. Click HERE to buy the new Man Utd home shirt