BBC Wimbledon commentators Tim Henman and Todd Woodbridge have claimed that Nick Kyrgios could be playing on at SW19 without "letting the world know" about the shoulder injury he picked up during his round of 16 clash with Brandon Nakashima. The controversial Australian has received treatment on his shoulder and asked for painkillers during the match, but Woodbridge claimed he needed to be more like Rafael Nadal, who played through a foot injury as he won the French Open last month. “What I find interesting about Nick’s psyche and his mentality is this opportunity today to go to the quarter-final with a draw that’s very winnable in the next match too," Woodbridge said during the BBC's Wimbledon coverage. "Potentially if you look forward it’s Rafa [Nadal] in the semis. “We know Tim [Henman], you have been in this situation, Lleyton Hewitt I’ve watched play with his toe almost falling off, Rafa wins the French with a foot problem that was so painful, but never did you show that there was something wrong with you. “For me he could be getting through this match without letting the world know that the shoulder is a bother, and then you get inside and get the work done and you get the physio done. In two days time it may be OK again.” JUST IN: Nick Kyrgios and girlfriend Costeen pack on PDA at Wimbledon training “That’s right," Henman added. "People deal with these very differently and I think obviously there is a physical issue he feels like his shoulder is hurting him a little bit but I think it is the mental side of things. It can be psycho-sematic and this type of environment, players always talk about not looking ahead too much but they are absolutely aware of everything that is going on in this draw. “I think that is part of the challenge for Kyrgios today, he knows this is a great opportunity, he has played a great match to be here, [Stefanos] Tsitsipas is a top-five player and up against Nakashima it is a match that he could win, should win.” DON'T MISSNovak Djokovic admits son uses Rafael Nadal trick to 'intimidate' himNick Kyrgios' dad scolds Wimbledon officials for double standardsNorrie gives awkward answer to Murray question after making history  Woodbridge did praise the Aussie on his service and explained why Kyrgios is so difficult to play against. “The difficulty playing him [Kyrgios] is his ability to hit all portions of the service box," the commentator added. "Every corner and it is so hard to read. One of those reasons he is so consistent on the ball toss." Kyrgios called for the physio during his match with Nakashima, and claimed that the shoulder issue was "not good" and informed his trainer "I just need some painkillers man". "That shoulder, mentally and physically, is getting worse," Henman said. "Those things always hurt a little bit more when you're behind on the scoreboard too. If you're able to jag a break, I can promise you it will get a little better."