The RSPCA is investigating the deaths of two cats, which are feared to be the latest in a series of deliberate killings. A series of suspicious cat deaths have occurred in a village near York, Wilberfoss. A number of young, "healthy cats" have been found dead in their own gardens. Meanwhile, cats have been found carrying pieces of meat covered in a suspicious blue powder. Beth Boyd, an inspector with the RSPCA, said there has been a "spike" in the "horrendous" incidents. Most recently, two cats belonging to Natasha Hardman died. They were both found dead within 24 hours of each other on June 27. DON'T MISS: Cats Protection launches kitten live webcam to help 'stave off stress' [REVEAL] Cat warning: Urgent suncream alert issued as Britain set to bake [INSIGHT] Abandoned and terrified - the four legged victims of Putin's awful war [REPORT] Ms Hardman - who has lost two other cats in suspicious circumstances - said: "In the 11 years I have lived here around 15 cats have dropped dead without explanation." Inspector Boyd said: "These incidents appear to have been going on for a long time, but there seems to have been a spike in them at the moment. "These are young, healthy cats who are turning up dead in their own gardens - it is horrendous." She added: "One neighbour says she has lost three cats in the last two years, one was never found and the other two turned up dead in her garden. "Another neighbour told me over the space of 20 years six of her cats had turned up dead and she recalled around 12 cats dying suspiciously in a two-week period about four years ago. "It does appear that someone is targeting cats in this area of the village. "A large number of healthy cats have turned up dead in their own gardens with no visible injuries." The RSPCA has urged owners to look out for signs of poisoning. The main symptoms include vomiting, uncoordinated movements, seizures and breathing difficulties. Animal welfare organisation Cats Protection advises pet owners to seek medical help as soon as possible if they believe their cats to be suffering from poisoning. It advises: "Recovery from poisoning in cats depends on timing. "The sooner your cat has medical attention, the sooner treatment can begin and the less time the poison has to make its way through your cat’s system. "For many cats, those who receive early treatment will return to their normal selves within a short time. "Speak to your vet for more information on your cat’s rate of recovery." North Yorkshire Police have been contacted for information.