Anthony Joshua’s promoter Eddie Hearn believes a fight with Tyson Fury will happen regardless of whether or not he beats Oleksandr Usyk next month. Joshua squares off against Usyk for a second time on August 20 at the King Abdullah Sport City in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia in a fight many are claiming will set up an undisputed unification bout between the winner and Fury. ‘The Gypsy King’ retired from professional boxing in April but has regularly teased the idea of stepping back into the ring for an opportunity to become the first undisputed heavyweight world champion of the four-belt era. The majority of the talk from Fury has been about an all-British showdown with ‘AJ’ but Fury’s promoter Frank Warren has told Express Sport that he is ‘just as likely’ to face the Ukrainian. There has been a lot of pressure heaped on Joshua to win the rematch in order to set up the most-anticipated fight in British boxing. But Hearn remains confident that it will happen regardless. “The question I get asked the most is, ‘When is AJ going to fight Tyson Fury?’ Honestly, Joshua could have skipped this fight and fought Tyson Fury. That fight is always going to be the biggest in boxing, isn’t it? He doesn’t want to; he wants to win his belts back,” Hearn told iFL TV. “He thinks he can beat Oleksandr Usyk, so he should be getting tremendous credit for not just fighting him once but going straight back into the rematch. I believe AJ-Fury will happen regardless of what happens on August 20th. But if and when AJ wins, that fight is the biggest fight in the history of the sport. Not just our generation, but the history of the sport.” A two-fight deal between Joshua and Fury has been agreed upon in principle since June 2020. In March 2021, it was reported that the deal was nearing completion, but dreams were shattered when a judge in the US court ruled that Deontay Wilder was owed a third fight with Fury. This was only furthered when ‘AJ’ lost to Usyk in September before Fury retired from the sport after stopping Dillian Whyte at Wembley Stadium. It is yet to be seen whether the pair will ever face off but if Hearn is correct then the money that could be made is staggering.