The Conservative party is descending into chaos and futilities, Nick Ferrari blasted, as the two final contenders – Liz Truss and Rishi Sunak – would rather speak of the cost of earrings and suits than address the cost of living crisis. Both candidates will face an uphill battle to help the economy to recover. IMF forecasts that Britain’s growth will be the weakest among G7 countries in 2023. Nick Ferrari launched into a tirade over how the Conservative Party is losing its reputation. Speaking to LBC’s listeners, Mr Ferrari slammed: "The word unedifying doesn’t even get closer, does it? "That TV debate last night...I remind you the Conservative Party – the party of Winston Churchill, the Falklands war, initiatives now such as buying your council house, and various others. As much as you complain about Ms Thatcher but she probably did save the nation. "(The party) now reduced to talking about the cost of earrings. "Is this for real?!" Mr Ferrari said: "As I said earlier, the winners – probably Tom Tugendhat, Kemi Badenoch – did not have to take part in it. "How can they really set this forward now – one of those two to be the leader of the party and our Prime Minister? "Where were the constructive policies? No need to tell you that an enormous cost of living crisis, we’re looking at flat growth. People can’t get out of the country to get away on holidays. "And they’re talking about the cost of Rishi Sunak’s suit." READ MORE: BBC's not up to the job! Tory MPs left furious with TV debate format Mr Ferrari continued: "Oh, by the way, I don’t know if you’re aware, Rishi Sunak’s mother was a pharmacist. I don’t know if you ever heard that? He used to do the books and actual deliveries. "And this, you probably don’t know, Liz Truss has her birthday today. She’s getting earrings by the way. "And she grew up in Paisley and Leeds. I don’t know if you picked up on any of that." Culture Secretary Nadine Dorries, a supporter of Liz Truss, has mocked millionaire Rishi Sunak in a tweet for wearing an expensive Henry Herbert suit – worth a reported £3,500 – in Monday’s debate on BBC News. DON'T MISS:BBC Breakfast host exasperated by Starmer’s lack of plan [REPORT]Truss and Sunak blasted as 'they don't know what they're going to do' [REPORT]‘Waiting in the wings' Boris Johnson plotting comeback, claims ex-MEP [REPORT]  Secretary Dorries wrote that Ms Truss "will be travelling the country wearing her earrings which cost circa £4.50 from Claire (sic) Accessories. "Meanwhile… Rishi visits Teeside (sic) in Prada shoes worth £450 and sported £3,500 bespoke suit as he prepared for crunch leadership vote." The comments come as prices are rising faster than they have done for 40 years. According to the Office for National Statistics, inflation is at 9.4 percent – up from two percent in early June, the target set by the Bank of England. The Conservative candidates will be running this summer to convince the estimated 160,000 party members until September 5 when the winner will be announced. READ NEXT:Radio host rages at Tories over ‘undemocratic’ Boris ousting Bombshell poll exposes huge split in voters on next PMNext Prime Minister LIVE: 'Desperate' Sunak slammed for behaviourBrexit LIVE: Bitter Macron 'determined to punish' Britain with Dover'Rebuild relationship with Europe!' Stanley Johnson in shock advice to