Vladimir Solovyov suggested it would be a “gesture of goodwill” to demolish key infrastructure throughout large parts of Ukraine in a deranged tirade. Throughout a sensational TV appearance, one of Vladimir Putin’s key TV propaganda spreaders appeared furious his country's recent progress in the war is limited to completing the invasion of the Luhansk region. Russia suffered a huge setback just days ago when defence chiefs ordered a retreat from Snake Island in the Black Sea amid sustained attacks from Ukrainian forces, but insisted the move was made as a “gesture of goodwill”. The latest embarrassment for Putin is understood to have infuriated many in his circle who view it as another humiliating failure. There has been increasing anger during recent weeks from hardliners in Moscow at what they consider Russia's slow pace and limited ambitions in the war with Ukraine. Now in a sickening outburst, Solovyov raged on the state-owned Rossiya 1 channel: "Is it possible to f***ing destroy the government district in central Kyiv - as a gesture of goodwill?” "A gesture of goodwill - in connection with the supply of a large amount of NATO equipment. "Is it possible to finally destroy the entire civilian, military, [and] transport infrastructure in the west of Ukraine? "As a gesture of goodwill, destroy all [electricity] substations, television towers.” The Putin propaganda puppet also demanded Russian generals should "completely deprive the country of electricity, water supply, communications - as a gesture of goodwill". Snake Island has been central in the war since early on when Ukrainian defenders famously told an approaching Russian warship to "go f*** yourself”. READ MORE: Roe v Wade anti-abortion ruling will propel Trump into White House A Ukrainian missile strike later sunk Russian cruiser the Moskva in what was a monumental early blow to Putin's strategic plans for the invasion of Russia's neighbour. Last Friday, Ukraine celebrated driving Russian forces from the Black Sea outpost in the latest major boost to its war efforts. Russia had said it had decided to withdraw troops as a "gesture of goodwill" to show Moscow was not obstructing U.N. attempts to open a humanitarian corridor allowing grains to be shipped from Ukraine. Ukraine insisted it had driven Russian forces off Snake Island following an artillery and missile assault, with President Volodymyr Zelensky hailing the strategic win. DON'T MISSPutin plans up in smoke as Zelensky's heroes spark massive fireball [LATEST]EU in all-out civil war over plan to 'feed Putin's war machine' [REPORT]Putin praises troops for ‘achieving victory’ in Luhansk [COMMENTS] He said: "It does not yet guarantee security. It does not yet ensure that the enemy will not come back. "But this significantly limits the actions of the occupiers. Step by step, we will push them back from our sea, our land and our sky." On Monday, Ukraine's military said the country's flag has been delivered by helicopter to Snake Island and will be raised as soon as its own troops arrive at the Black Sea outpost. Natalia Humeniuk, spokeswoman for Ukraine's southern military command, had previously said the flag had been raised on the craggy outcropping in the Black Sea. Ukrainian media quoted her as telling CNN: "The flag has been delivered to the island by helicopter. It will await the arrival of troops and will then be hoisted." The southern military command spokesperson said her initial remarks to reporters should be viewed "metaphorically". She further insisted that no troops had landed on the island and that "no one is taking any risks for the sake of a media photo."