The Isle of Sheppey in Kent has been left without water for a day because of a burst pipe. Six schools shut on Tuesday because of extreme heat and the lack of water. Kent County Council have warned four more schools could close their doors on Wednesday if the water supply is not reconnected. Minster Primary School and Halfway Houses Primary School are among the schools shut on Wednesday. Southern Water said at 8am on Wednesday: “We’re really sorry again to everyone without water on the Isle of Sheppey. “It’s taking longer than expected to bring supplies back, due to a second burst we’ve been dealing with overnight.” They previously said at midnight: “The network is slowly refilling, but this will take some time.” Slightly earlier, Southern Water said they had “fixed the burst pipe on the Isle of Sheppey and are slowly starting to refill the network”. Southern Water refused to estimate when the repair would be completed but gangs with mechanical diggers were busy in a field along the Old Sheppey Way and on the mainland by Ridham Dock near the Kingsferry Bridge. A spokesman told Kent Online: "Our teams are working as quickly as possible to solve this issue. “We can’t specify numbers of homes at this time due to some experiencing a loss of pressure and others a loss of supply. “Due to the nature of the network and how water pressure reacts around the network it is impossible to give an accurate figure." The source of the leak appears to be next to the Kingsferry Bridge on the mainland on the road next to Ridham Dock. At least 24,000 are served by the two storage reservoirs at Chequers and Queenborough Corner. Southern Water has set up free collection points so locals can get bottles of water. Three points are open, including: Local Dave Boswell told The Sun: “Yesterday there were collection points to pick up water but the queues were five miles long. It was pandemonium. “It's now getting to the stage where it's dangerous. There's not a drop to drink on the island. “If you don’t have a car then you're stuck on the island with no water. It feels like we’ve been abandoned. “There are literally people in the streets shouting ‘does anyone have any spare water?’. “At the water stations things are starting to get heated. It's getting out of control. There is literally nothing.”