Michelle Hardwick, 46, has been on Emmerdale since 2012, making her big return to the ITV soap at the end of last year. In a recent interview, the actress admitted that acting wasn't always her calling, expressing that everyone is "always really shocked" when they find out what she initially wanted to do with her life. Michelle made her debut as Vanessa Woodfield when she was hired by Rhona Goskirk (Zoe Henry), an old friend from university, to work as a locum. Since then, her character has been involved in hostage storylines, while also having a son from a one-night stand, and battling bowel cancer. Speaking about her career choices, Michelle said: "Because I’ve been professional now for 30 years next year, I never actually back then thought of anything else to do. "But that has crossed my mind since and without a shadow of a doubt I think I’d have joined the police. READ MORE: Novak Djokovic's wife addresses marriage ahead of Wimbledon "Everyone is always really shocked by that," she added to The Sun's TV Mag. The soap star has been married to Emmerdale's producer Kate Brooks since 2019, with the couple sharing one son together. Michelle was previously married to music teacher Rosie Nicholl, however they called off their marriage in 2017. The Emmerdale star opened up about the scrutiny she and her wife have faced for being homosexual. The couple have had to call the police because of worrying death threats they have received. Speaking to OK! Magazine about the abuse earlier this year, she said: "There have been certain times when police have had to be called because there have been death threats. "When they're mentioning your son's name and you're just going 'Really? I'm just in a soap you know – we're not doing any harm to anybody. "The root of it all is always because I'm gay, I'm a gay woman. DON'T MISS... Rosie Huntington-Whiteley wows in figure-hugging dress at Wimbledon [PICS] Lorraine Kelly, 62, forced to miss ITV show as she shares health woes [HEALTH] Victoria Beckham stuns as Harper poses in £1.6k dress on 11th birthday [INSTAGRAM] "And it's like, 'Lesbians shouldn't be on this Earth, just burn in hell and die'." Michelle even shared screenshots to her social media last year showing the scale of the abuse she receives. The star posted examples of the shocking messages from the trolls to Instagram and Twitter. While challenging them to reveal their identity, the openly-gay actress revealed she had been called a "d**e" and a "l**bo brat" by one user. Taking to Twitter later on, the talented star thanked her many fans who were vocal about their disgust over the nasty messages. She penned: "Overwhelmed by all your beautiful supportive messages. "I honestly don't take it to heart, I just like to highlight it every so often. "Thank you to every single person who took the time to message me whether I know you personally or not. I promise I'll read them all", she concluded.