Home security is paramount to many, whether living in a flat or detached home. However, with summer holidays around the corner and a heatwave continuing through the summer months, Britons should be more wary of burglaries. Glenn Amato, Managing Director at ADT Subscriber UK&I, said: “This week the UK has been engulfed in tropical weather. “As we’re finally in a summer free of restrictions after two years, we are starting to see more people leave their homes in search of a well-earned break. “Worryingly, ADT research shows that nearly a third of Brits admit to leaving their doors unlocked, and 11 percent of Brits have no security systems in place to protect their homes when they go away. “Thankfully, there are quick and easy steps that you can take to secure your home while you’re away.” This includes being mindful of any packages which may be delivered to your home when you are not there. READ MORE: Japanese knotweed: Family receives payout after plant found Some companies often leave packages outside of homes, visible to thieves. Glenn added: “Thieves will use that as a tell-tale sign that someone isn’t in and won’t be in for a while. “Also, there is a risk of the package being stolen from outside your home, so make sure you are double checking delivery times or rescheduling for when you are in. “Similarly, if you have milk delivered, let your supplier know to pause your delivery if you are going away for a longer period of time - don’t leave a note as thieves also use this as a sign that you are not in.” DON'T MISS:Heatwave: How to prevent house and garden fires [EXPLAINER]Ozzy Osbourne’s quiet life in peaceful Buckinghamshire village [COMMENT]Homes Under the Hammer transforms ‘uninhabitable’ flat [PICTURES] It is also tempting for many to post online when they are on holiday, especially when abroad and soaking in the sunny weather. However, the expert advised against this as it is another way for thieves to target as they will know your home is empty. Glenn continued: “Either turn on your privacy settings so only people you trust can see your content, or hold off on posting until you are back home. “Finally, whilst your house is particularly susceptible to break-ins while you’re away, the risk can also increase during heatwave as people become more accustomed to leaving their windows open. READ MORE: Pests: ‘Simple steps’ to ‘deter’ wasps away from your home “We understand it is a basic instinct to open windows when it’s hot, but we encourage people to be cautious to take note of which windows they leave open, especially those on the ground floor when you go to bed. “This is a particularly vulnerable time for people’s homes, so we hope people remain vigilant to ensure everyone stays safe and their homes are protected.” Consused.com have said that although burglary rates fell 30 percent during the pandemic due to Britons being home more often, it is likely break-ins will increase this summer. This is due to more people than ever visiting countries abroad. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Jessica Willock, Home Insurance expert at Confused.com, explained: “If you’re popping out for a short time or it’s hot in your bedroom while you sleep, you might be tempted to keep your windows open to let some fresh air in. “However, it’s important to stay vigilant from any summertime opportunists. “If you’re heading out on a hot day, remember to lock up when leaving the house and keep valuables hidden away from plain sight. “You might not realise, but by not doing so, you could invalidate your home insurance.”