Once labelled as the "greatest drummer of his generation" due to his skills as a musician, Watts’ death was confirmed by his publicist on August 24 in a statement that revealed he had passed away peacefully in a London hospital, surrounded by his family. Although the exact cause of the star's death was never revealed, shortly before his passing Watts was forced to pull out of the band's US tour after undergoing emergency surgery. Again the medical procedure was unspecified but it left the rock star needing to take some time to fully recover. In the aftermath of the star’s death there was an increase in searches regarding symptoms of throat cancer, which the star battled back in 2004. In a throwback interview Watts recalled the moments after his diagnosis he shared: “It was benign, but [the doctor] said we should take it out. On the slide, it had tiny cancer cells on it. “He said, ‘You have cancer of the whatever.’ And that night I thought I was going to die. I thought that’s what you did. “You get cancer and waste away and die.” After being diagnosed the star had two surgeries, the second in order to take cancer-affected lymph nodes out.  READ MORE: High blood pressure: Too little of certain foods means 'sodium can build up' in your blood  However, for many diagnosed with throat cancer this is not the case. Cancer Research UK explains that there are several different parts of the throat that can become cancerous so throat cancer is an umbrella term for cancer of the general area. Throat cancers could be in one of two main areas that doctors call the: The leading UK-based charity explains that symptoms of throat cancer are often similar to other much less serious conditions, sometimes making it difficult for cancer to be caught in its early stages. For example, common symptoms of throat cancer include:  Due to these symptoms also being connected to other more common illnesses such as throat infections or a common cold, individuals are urged by the NHS to seek their GP's opinion if they notice any new signs and symptoms that are persistent. Although it is not clear why throat cell mutations happen in the first place, certain lifestyle factors have been identified to increase an individual's risk of throat cancer. These include the following: Many people remain unaware that HPV can cause cancer or assume that it can only cause cervical cancer, but in reality it can cause a handful of cancers. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), recent studies have indicated that as many as 60-70 percent of throat cancers may be linked to HPV – or caused by a combination of HPV, alcohol and tobacco.  Dr. Jessica Geiger, a medical oncologist at Cleveland Clinic Cancer Center, also commented in the past about this “difficult disease”. She said: “There are no screening guidelines to screen for throat cancer. There are no standard tests to determine if you harbour the virus.” Once diagnosed, throat cancer is typically treated with a combination of radiotherapy, chemotherapy and targeted cancer medicines. If diagnosed early enough, radiotherapy or surgery can be used to remove all cancerous cells and cure the condition completely. For individuals whose cancer has spread to the lymph nodes a procedure known as neck dissection is used. For larger tumours surgery to remove whole parts of the throat may be needed. For example it may be necessary to remove an individual’s entire voice box. During this surgery the windpipe is then attached to a hole (stoma) in the throat to allow the person to breathe (tracheotomy). 