Manchester United think Scott McTominay, Fred, Donny van de Beek and James Garner can all play a big role in midfield this season, according to reports. Erik ten Hag wants to bring in Frenkie de Jong from Barcelona. However, despite their best attempts, a deal is yet to materialise. Manchester United have spent the whole of the summer transfer window chasing De Jong. But, despite agreeing a fee with Barcelona for the Netherlands international, there’s still no end to the saga in sight. United supporters are exasperated at their lack of business so far, with the club also taking their time to get a deal for Christian Eriksen over the line. It’s an open secret the Red Devils need a defensive-midfielder, especially given the departure of Nemanja Matic. However, the Manchester Evening News claim people at the club believe McTominay, Fred, Van de Beek and Garner can all operate in that area. And that means that while they want a new midfielder, United could be about to enter the new season with no fresh faces in that position. Man Utd transfers: The mouthwatering XI to tackle Brighton with 5 new signings A deal for De Jong remains a long way off, especially given the fact Barcelona owe money to the player. He’s also reportedly reluctant to leave the Catalan giants, having branded them the ‘best club in the world’ during a recent interview. As well as Matic, United have also lost Paul Pogba on a free transfer. The Red Devils offered him a huge wage of £300,000-a-week in order to stay but, ultimately, he opted to depart. It was confirmed on Monday that Pogba was returning to Juventus, having previously been linked with the likes of Paris Saint-Germain and Manchester City. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Man Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leave Man Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong As well as De Jong, United have been linked with three other midfielders in recent days. Ruben Neves has long had admirers at Old Trafford, though Wolves would likely demand a fee close to £100m to part ways with their prized asset. Youri Tielemans was on Arsenal’s radar but, with a move to the Emirates failing to take place, is no longer a target for the north London giants. That gives United an opening, though it’s unclear if they’d aggressively pursue a deal this summer. And the Red Devils have been linked with Leandro Paredes, whose future at Paris Saint-Germain is currently up in the air. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team Meanwhile, as the new season creeps closer, United ambassador Wes Brown recently talked to Express Sport about Ten Hag. And he urged the Dutchman to achieve consistency during his first year in the dugout. “Consistency,” he said when asked what the first target for Ten Hag should be. “I know everyone talks about trophies but, for me, it’s more about consistency. “Can we get to a level of playing and being good? Can we win them games where we’re not so good, can we scuff out a 1-0 win. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. “We start with the basics, is everybody doing right? Is everybody committed right? “For me, that’s a big key. And can we keep the consistency going? “Last season, you saw that in certain games. There were some games we were brilliant in one half then I don’t know what would happen in the other. “That’s the consistency I’m talking about. We can’t be up and down, we have to be on a nice level and get the confidence going. “From that, the results happen.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here