That is according to Cabinet Office minister Kit Malthouse who is set to chair the meeting of the Government's Cobra civil contingencies committee. Mr Malthouse, who is Prime Minister Boris Johnson's official spokesman, reportedly said this was merely progress on the significant work which has already got underway. Among the contingencies set up to protect the wider public, Mayor of London Sadiq Khan also confirmed a severe weather protocol was in place for the capital. This will set out to shield homeless people from the dangers of the strong UV rays.  Much of the country will be blanketed under blistering heat from Sunday, July 17 to Tuesday, July 19 where temperatures could peak to nearly 40C. This has prompted an amber weather warning for severe heat from the Met Office, which has urged people to change up routines and working practices in order to avoid the dangerous humidity. It warns people who become stuck in air, rail or car delays will be at "moderate risk", with unusually high temperatures set to stick around into the evenings. Those seeking medical advice are urged to use the NHS's 111 helpline, reserving 999 for emergencies only.  The UK Health Security Agency said a “level 4 national emergency” is announced “following considerations of a cross-government assessment of the weather conditions, coordinated by the Civil Contingencies Secretariat”. But according to the Telegraph, Philip Johnston said the Government’s response “borders on hysteria”. A “level 4 emergency” could see schools closed in some cases, with the UKHSA noting: “Some schools have had to close classrooms where conditions are too hot.” The Met Office's amber weather warning says: "Temperatures will rise again this weekend, most likely peaking on Monday or Tuesday, then most probably declining thereafter. "Latest evidence supports the idea of a trend towards a slightly later onset of high temperatures. "Some exceptionally high temperatures are possible both by day and by night; the cumulative effects of very warm nights (particularly in urbanised areas) and hot days are likely to bring widespread impacts to people and infrastructure. "Although most likely less exceptional, it should also be noted that very warm to hot conditions are also probable across the majority of the rest of the UK." DON'T MISS:Tory leadership: Shock new Brexiteer poised to announce bid [REVEAL]Tory hopefuls spark hilarity with cringe-worthy campaign videos [VIDEO]Tory Party: Damian Green demands 'next PM has to be Tugendhat' [REPORT] The meeting is expected to address the likes of additional pressure on the NHS, as ambulance services have already declared critical incidents, begging people not to misuse 999. A Level 4 national heatwave emergency has never before been called in this country. And its not just the UK being subjected to such tropical temperatures, as severe heatwaves have swept across much of Europe with the high pressure system dominating the south and the rest of this country by this Sunday. The heatwave is set to break off from Wednesday, with temperatures tumbling into the mid 20s.