Manchester United and Arsenal are reportedly battling each other for the signing of former Tottenham star Kyle Walker-Peters. The right-back left Spurs for Southampton two years ago and has starred on the South Coast, earning an England call-up last season. He played in all but one game for the Saints last term, cementing himself as their first-choice right-back. But there is now a belief that they could look to cash in on him this summer, despite there being three years left on his contract. According to The Athletic, Southampton are in the market for a new right-sided fullback during this window. Part of the reasoning behind that move is for a succession plan in case Walker-Peters departed St Mary's. Though they are not 'actively seeking' to move him on, it is accepted that he does have suitors. Two of those interested parties are United and Arsenal, with the 25-year-old on the list of targets for both Premier League clubs. READ MORE: Man Utd meet with Ajax today as Martinez deal enters 'key stage' Both United and the Gunners are looking to boost their options at right-back this summer. The Red Devils are hoping to replace the disappointing Aaron Wan-Bissaka, while Arsenal need competition for Takehiro Tomiyasu. Everton have also been linked with a move for the Englishman, though it is stated that their financial problems make a move unlikely. Spurs could also mount an unexpected challenge, as they are thought to hold a £30million buy-back clause following the deal that saw him join the Saints. DON'T MISS: Man Utd falling short of 'rebuild' Rangnick demanded amid frustration (INSIGHT)Barcelona 'seal Raphinha deal' despite financial turmoil (TRANSFERS)Ten Hag slams 'mistakes' in warning to Man Utd despite Liverpool rout (NEWS) The horrific injury to Tino Livramento at the tail end of last season means that Southampton may be lacking options in the full-back department. But Arsenal legend Ian Wright has made his love for Walker-Peters clear. "When I watched Serge Aurier for a couple of games I'm thinking, I'm sorry, Kyle Walker-Peters is a better player. They brought Emerson Royal in and I'm saying I'm sorry, he's a better player. He's gone to Southampton – not so fashionable – and continued with great form and he's been rewarded," Wright said following his England call-up.