Cristiano Ronaldo leaving Manchester United will not be a bad thing, according to Paul Parker. But the former Red Devils right-back is insistent the club must move fast to bring in new signings, including a striker. Ronaldo has told United he wants to leave in this window. The Portugal superstar wants to play in the Champions League, a competition Erik ten Hag's side will not be playing in this season. United are yet to make any signings this summer but the exit of Ronaldo would leave a huge hole in attack. Parker says letting the 37-year-old go will not be the worst decision from the club. However, he says signings must soon follow and claims they cannot afford to wait until the January transfer window. Parker told talkSPORT: "He wants to leave, he wants to move on and that old adage has come out again, 'I want Champions League football'. READ MORE: Sarri 'wants two Chelsea players' in Lazio swap deal after '£47.3m Arsenal offer'  "I think for the sake of Manchester United I don't see it as a bad thing if he wants to go. But what they've got to do more than anything is they've got to be prepared, they've got to have a centre-forward. "In theory, they've got to start signing players because they're just not bringing anyone in before pre-season and then it might be a last-minute one coming in, which isn't always good. Then all of a sudden are they then going to go out in January and try and bring two or three players in which generally is not the way that a forward-thinking club goes down. Not the line they go down." Ronaldo was United's top goalscorer in all competitions last season after returning from Juventus. He netted 24 times, more than double the second-leading goalscorer Bruno Fernandes. But former Chelsea forward Tony Cascarino reckons Ronaldo wants to preserve his record as the leading goalscorer in the Champions League. He is currently 16 goals clear of his old rival Lionel Messi. DON'T MISSArsenal's transfer window in danger of collapsing with three deals now in major doubtLisandro Martinez 'gentlemen's agreement' emerges as Arsenal and Man Utd compete for dealTottenham told £34m target won't be seventh signing as Conte given transfer deadline  Cascarino said: "Ronaldo as a player has always had an ego where a lot of it's about him, but teams have been successful. So you always go with that as a team. "Yeah great, he scores all his goals, he gets the accolades, he's one of the greatest to have played the game, you can have all that. And that's fine, as long as you're winning. But when you don't win, now you've got a problem. "I said to you off air I'm a bit suspicious because he's got 141 goals in the Champions League, Lionel Messi's got 125. He doesn't not want to play Champions League football because he wants to be the greatest Champions League goalscorer of all time. That's how Ronaldo's made."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here