Manchester United are ‘pessimistic’ about landing top transfer target Antony from Ajax, according to reports. The tricky Brazilian had been earmarked by Erik ten Hag as a player who could improve the Red Devils’ front line, but a move to Old Trafford apparently seems unlikely at the moment. Antony was a key player at Ajax in the latter stages of Ten Hag’s reign in the Eredivisie. The 22-year-old scored 12 goals and provided a further 10 assists last season. United are desperate to sign a wide player who records such figures, but could struggle to sign Antony due to his price tag. A whopping £67.6million (€80m) price tag has been slapped on the head of the former Sao Paulo ace. According to the Manchester Evening News, that has made United chiefs ‘pessimistic’ about signing the player as they feel he is ‘overpriced’. The Premier League side are set to spend big this summer but have other targets who will likely command big fees. JUST IN: Ronaldo's Man Utd tour absence goes on but new signing expected That means they might not have the funds to complete a deal for Antony. The winger is one of a couple of players who Ten Hag has targeted from his former club as he looks to bring in individuals with whom he is familiar. United are also trying to sign centre-back Lisandro Martinez from the Dutch outfit but have made little progress over a deal. Top-flight rivals Arsenal are also interested in signing the Argentine, who is supposedly valued at around £50m. Speculation last week suggested that Martinez preferred a switch to United over Arsenal, but the Red Devils have not concluded an agreement with the left-sided defender. It continues a mildly frustrating first transfer window for Ten Hag. DON'T MISS...Man Utd ‘given De Jong assurances' with Ronaldo update due todayMan Utd should prioritise Premier League double deal over De JongMan Utd have four ways of convincing Frenkie de Jong to make U-turn United have flown out to Bangkok to begin their pre-season preparations but have only been able to take one new signing on the plane. The 20-times English champions beat Lyon to the signing of left-back Tyrell Malacia from Feyenoord in a £12m capture. The exciting Malacia will compete with Luke Shaw and Alex Telles for a place in Ten Hag’s team. However, there will likely be no other signings made by the time United clash with Premier League foes Liverpool on Tuesday. Christian Eriksen’s free transfer is yet to be formalised, despite the former Tottenham playmaker agreeing to join up with Ten Hag at Old Trafford. There also remains some distance between United and Barcelona over a move for Dutch ace Frenkie de Jong. De Jong has been earmarked as Ten Hag’s flagship signing and there is hope that the 25-year-old will transform United’s midfield. But discussions have stalled and Chelsea are believed to be monitoring the situation.