The royal couple had to cancel their original wedding in May 2020 which was due to be held at St James Palace, as the UK was in its first coronavirus lockdown. However, they were able to get married two months later in a ceremony that kept many royal traditions.  Due to social distancing rules only a few family and friends attended the ceremony at the Royal Chapel of All Saints in Windsor. The Queen and the late Prince Philip attended along with Beatrice's father Prince Andrew, her mum Sarah Ferguson and sister Eugenie. Edoardo’s young son Wolfie acted as best man. Despite attempts to maintain most traditional aspects of a typical royal wedding amid Covid restrictions there was one tradition that the couple broke.  In defiance of tradition, Beatrice and Edo decided to spend the night before the wedding together. Usually before a royal wedding the couple spend the night before the big day apart, often staying with family and friends. However, according to The Daily Mail, Beatrice and Edo spent the night in each other's company. It is almost unheard of for the tradition to be broken in the firm with most royals waiting to see their spouse to be at the altar. READ MORE: 'So sad!' Fears erupt after Prince Harry's 'strange' apperance  In 2011 before her wedding to Prince William, the then Kate Middleton stayed at the Goring Hotel the night before the big day. She stayed with her mum Carole and sister Pippa at the hotel, which is also one of the Queen's favourite venues. They stayed in the royal suite which has four poster beds and a balcony overlooking the gardens. In 2018, before her wedding to Prince Harry, Meghan Markle stayed at the Cliveden House Hotel, nine miles north of Windsor. DON'T MISS: Meghan and Harry's US stay questioned as Duke speech sparks fury [REVEAL] Meghan acted liked a 'princess' at NY restaurant with Harry [INSIGHT] Harry and Meghan's UN visit sparks protest 'Why are they here?' [SPOTLIGHT]  Her mum, Doria Ragland, stayed with her at the luxury countryside retreat. The royal couple did maintain a number of traditions, however, for example leaving Beatrice's bouquet on the grave of the Unknown Soldier. Princess Beatrice also wore a stunning dress by Norman Hartnell on loan from the Queen. The dress is made from Peau De Soie taffeta with shades of ivory, trimmed with ivory Duchess satin, with organza sleeves. She also wore the Queen Mary diamond fringe tiara, also borrowed from the Queen which the monarch had worn on her wedding day in 1947. 