Jim Dale, senior meteorologist at British Weather Services, told Express.co.uk there will be a few “well-scattered thunderstorms” from tomorrow night and into Wednesday.He said: “The odd one may be severe, but it is a lottery as to who gets what. Most of us will get zero, but my best guess is south west England. It really is a lottery in this setup.”The Met Office's forecasts do not explicitly forecast storms this week, but its long range forecast says they are to be expected into the beginning of August. Annie Shuttleworth, senior operational meteorologist at the Met Office also told Express.co.uk that temperatures were set to descend from the middle of this week, prompting more unsettled conditions. She said: “We expect the weather to turn cooler from mid-week next week and more unsettled for a time through Wednesday with showers for some, this brings a low risk of thunderstorms.” The Met Office forecast does not detail storms for the remainder of this week, but it does predict some showers which could lash the country on Wednesday and Friday. The mercury will rise again to warmer heights next week, although nowhere near the sweltering 38C temperatures currently melting the UK. It will be at the start of August when the risk of storms moves in once again, according to the Met Office’s long-range forecast. It says: “A widespread shift to generally more unsettled conditions is expected at the start of August, though still with some decent dry spells. “There remains a risk of some thunderstorms, especially in the southern half of the country where above normal temperatures are likely through the period. “Elsewhere, temperatures may range from near normal to rather warm.” READ MORE: People urged to keep cool and carry on as UK braces for heatwave The country is under amber and red extreme heat warnings for the next 48 hours, with temperatures set to break records. Parts of central England are predicted to get as near as 40C, which if achieved, will be the hottest day recorded in this country. Among the warnings, people are asked to carry water with them and avoid travelling if possible. Despite this warning being the first of its kind, it may be something the nation has to get used to thanks to climate change. DON'T MISSKids told to wear PE kits to school amid heatwave [LIVE]How much it costs to run an air conditioning unit [INSIGHT]Exactly when rain will bring a summer wash out [FORECAST] Climate attribution scientist at the Met Office, Dr Nikos Christidis, said: “In a recent study we found that the likelihood of extremely hot days in the UK has been increasing and will continue to do so during the course of the century, with the most extreme temperatures expected to be observed in the southeast of England. “Climate change has already influenced the likelihood of temperature extremes in the UK. "The chances of seeing 40C days in the UK could be as much as 10 times more likely in the current climate than under a natural climate unaffected by human influence.”