Debbie Burrows had been landlady of the Lake Road Inn in Keswick, Cumbria, for more than two decades and raised her children at the family-run pub. The mum, who has leukaemia, had recently retired but has now returned to work because she cannot find enough staff following Brexit and the easing of Covid restrictions. And due to Brexit and the cost of living crisis, the family are struggling to find staff and make ends meet, reports Lancs Live. Debbie said: "We have no student workers, no EU workers, we're family-run and we can't keep up with the big chains. "I only have four staff from Keswick, five are from out of town and one of them travels from Egremont. "My family have had to chip in, my daughter is a teacher and during the summer holidays, she comes and works here, my other children also help and do shifts where they can. "I don't know if it's the hours and people don't want to do them or it's because staff left the industry during the lockdown. It's been so hard.  "I'm high-risk because I have leukaemia and I have had to come out of retirement but Covid is still lurking about and it's a worry. "My husband had to take a job on at Sellafield because we can't afford to take two wages out of the pub." Talking about the changes, she explained how the hospitality industry used to be a place to get a job for life. She said: "I used to train people how to work behind the bar and would tell them if you can do this you will always be able to find work. "But now we don't have the staff, I'm finding myself behind the bar more and more, which I don't mind, but it puts me at risk. My husband worries about me. "When we were doing table service it almost finished us off if was so difficult. "We're busy and normally we can make enough through the summer to see us through the winter but we're having to work more because we don't have anyone else."  When you walk into the bar there is a sign apologising for being short-staffed and they make every effort to explain to customers about how long it will take for food to arrive which can sometimes be up to an hour. She admits this is not ideal says but 99 per cent of customers do not mind as long as staff are honest about the wait and keep them updated with their order. Debbie's situation is not a one off. A quick walk around Keswick and most shops or café windows have adverts for jobs in them but say they do not have enough people who live in Keswick to fill the positions. Debbie said: "It's good hours at the Coffee Lounge it's 9am to 4pm but we're now having to close two days a week as we don't have the staff and I can't keep doing everything." "It's the same for here [the bar], once food has finished if there are no customers or it is really quiet we have to close. "The cost of heating and electricity has gone up so much and with all our other bills we just can't afford to be open all the time." Shaff shortages is not just an isolated incident in Keswick, with businesses across the UK struggling to find employees as a result of Brexit. 