NCIS Los Angeles' season 13 finale saw some big loved-up moments for the team as Agent Marty Deeks (played by Eric Christian Olsen) and Kensi Blye (Daniela Ruah) became foster parents and Agent Callen (Chris O'Donnell) finally got down on one knee to pop the question to girlfriend Anna Kolchek (Bar Paly). With these couples beaming from ear to ear, it looks like there may be another office romance on the horizon in the CBS drama. NCIS Los Angeles welcomed Fatima Namazi (Medalion Rahimi) in season 10 when she was occasionally helping out the team on different investigations. She originally wanted to be based at the NCIS Field Office in Washington DC but later changed her mind, eager to stay in Los Angeles. In season 10, Fatima became a series regular and hasn't looked back since. It wasn't too long before she wasn't the newbie anymore as Devin Roundtree (Caleb Castille) was introduced in season 12. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Jamie Tate returns as Gabby loses custody of Thomas Roundtree had made a few appearances prior to joining NCIS LA as he was still in the middle of completing his FLETC training. Once he did, Roundtree was offered a permanent position as a field agent, much to his delight. He quickly grew close to his colleagues but has found a special bond with fellow new girl Fatima. Their connection hasn't gone unnoticed by fans and now the creators of NCIS Los Angeles have added fuel to the fire that a romance may be brewing. A new post has been shared on the NCIS Los Angeles official Instagram page, dedicated to Roundtree and Fatima's friendship. A series of clips have been shared from the drama, including moments of them joking around and a meaningful hug. The caption for the post simply reads "Foundtree forever" with a prayer emoji. Fans couldn't help but gleefully react to the post dedicated to the agents. DON'T MISS...Andrew Neil shut down by Jacob Rees-Mogg in probe over Tory leader [REACTION]NCIS Hawaii season 2 theory: Whistler and Tara split sealed [THEORY]NCIS LA's Katya star inundated with praise as she shares health battle [CAST] Instagram user mar.enrile commented: "I hope one day Fatima and Roundtree will end up as Kensi and Deeks. "Have Kensi and Deeks pass their wisdom of relationship goals to the rookies." While onechicago523 added: "Can they date on the show they would be cute together." Co-star Ruah also replied "I love these two!!!" followed by red heart emojis and Rahimi herself tagged Castille when she wrote "My guyyyyy". Among the clips of Fatima and Roundtree, there were interviews with the actors as well about their connection. Castille explained: "Our dynamic off-set is what helps us when we're on set. "We are definitely best friends away from work. "That chemistry, it helps us just settle in every time." "We're both sort of the newbies, we're navigating it together", Rahimi added. So does this indicate there could be love in the air for the agents when NCIS Los Angeles returns later this year? NCIS Los Angeles season 14 premieres on Sunday, October 9, on CBS.