The eldest Cambridge prince will celebrate his ninth birthday on Friday. The third-in-line to the throne will be among the first prominent royals to grow up in the age of social media, and will have to “navigate” its challenges, royal expert Brittani Barger has argued. The deputy editor of royal news outlet Royal Central said the enormous world of social media comes with both “good” and a key “disadvantage” for royal children growing up in a scrutinised spotlight. Ms Barger emphasised the importance of family for Prince George to lean on, with Kate and William providing a key “support” for the young prince. She told the Daily Star: “Social media is good and bad. “He will be able to be more in tune with the people through social media, but it can be a scary place.”  Part of this is how there can be no hidden “mistakes”, and any missteps by the future king will be “splashed across the internet within minutes”. She said: “All children growing up right now have the disadvantage of social media that many of us didn't have. “We could make mistakes and it wasn't splashed across the internet within minutes. “Unfortunately, for children now, that's not the case, and that's really a shame.” READ MORE: Meghan Markle achieved goal of fame after marrying Prince Harry -claim “Prince George and all his co-heirs around his age in Europe are all in the same boat.” She added: “They are going to have to learn to navigate the world with social media while also preparing to become monarch. “It won't be easy for any of them, but with the support of their family and each other, I think they will all find a way to navigate the world of being an heir and social media.” The eldest Cambridge child will turn nine on Friday, and as the years passed, he became a more familiar face at royal engagements. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Harry sent 'dire' three-word warning [LIVE] Royal POLL: Should Meghan and Harry return as part-timers? [VOTE] Camilla is already doing 'good job' of emulating 'role model' Philip [ANALYSIS] Although often joined by Princess Charlotte, seven, Prince Louis is frequently still considered too young to be in the public eye at just four years old. As Prince George increasingly appears at royal functions, he will likely become accustomed to the attention and scrutiny Royal Family life brings. His parents, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, have embraced the use of social media to promote visits undertaken by the couple and the causes they champion. Kate and William routinely make use of their official Instagram and Twitter accounts, posting pictures most recently of the couple at Wimbledon with Prince George.  The Instagram page has also been used to share announcements about Prince William's Earthshot Prize, which is now in its second year. Similarly, the Royal Family has a more general account for royal visits, as well as a dedicated channel for the Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall. 