The unique, compelling personality that drove him to the summit also contained the seeds of his destruction. One of the most iconic images of Johnson was taken during the 2012 London Olympics, when, as the Mayor of the capital, he was trapped on a zipwire.  Instead of showing embarrassment, he turned the incident into an opportunity to display both patriotism and humour as he waved a pair of Union Jacks to the cheering crowd. Commenting on this hilarious episode, then Prime Minister David Cameron said that, "Boris defies all forms of gravity". But a decade later, Johnson had plunged to Earth. In the long history of British democracy, his downfall is unique. Every one of his predecessors had to quit because of a general election defeat, a central policy failure, old age or ill-health. Harold Wilson went in 1976 after the first signs of Alzheimer's, Harold Macmillan in 1963 because of prostate trouble. Suez finished the premiership of Sir 'His whole career is full of contradictions' Anthony Eden in 1957, appeasement that of Neville Chamberlain in 1940, and the poll tax that of Margaret Thatcher in 1990. Yet Boris Johnson is the only one to be overthrown over his style of governance. There was no great ideological clash that triggered his exit, no gaping split in his party's ranks.What finished him off was mounting disillusion from every Conservative wing at his perceived indiscipline and lack of integrity. Johnson is the biggest politician of his age, yet the premiership eventually seemed to overwhelm him. His serial mismanagement was encapsulated in the two scandals that spelt his doom.  The first, Partygate, revealed Downing Street's culture of self-indulgent entitlement and hypocritical disdain for the very rules that the Government imposed so rigorously on the public during the pandemic. The second, which blew up this month over serious allegations of drink-fuelled harassment by the Deputy Chief Whip Chris Pincher, exposed Johnson's cavalier attitude to the truth and poor judgement. Shortly before he became Prime Minister in 2019, Johnson was the subject of a withering attack by Max Hastings, former editor of the Daily Telegraph, who had employed him as a columnist in the 1990s. Hastings wrote that Johnson was "unfit for national office because it seems he cares for no interest save his own fame and gratification. His premiership will almost certainly reveal a contempt for rules, precedent, order and stability". How prescient that forecast now seems. Yet, for all his faults, Johnson could also reach remarkable heights of achievement. In recent months he emerged as the most stalwart ally of Ukraine in the fight against the Russian invader. Bakeries in Kyiv now sell a special pastry named in his honour. During the Covid pandemic he presided over the development of the world-beating vaccine programme and the introduction of the imaginative furlough scheme that saved millions of jobs and businesses. Through sheer force of character, he smashed the Brexit logjam when he first arrived in office, delivering British independence where his predecessor Theresa May had created only paralysis.  Against all expectations he managed to secure a comprehensive trade deal with the EU, outmanoeuvre his Remain opponents in Parliament and unite his own party. The reward for this historic accomplishment was a landslide victory in the General Election of December 2019. With a majority of 80 it was the biggest win for the Tories since 1987, the heyday of Margaret Thatcher . In the march towards this triumph, Boris lived up to his reputation as the "Heineken" politician, able to reach the parts of the electorate that other Conservatives could not. Dozens of seats in Labour's traditional heartlands of the North and the Midlands, known as the "Red Wall", fell to his party. When he had taken over from May, the Tories had just been humiliated in the European elections with nine per cent of the national vote. Boris subsequently won almost 44 per cent in December, with 14 million voters backing the Tories. This success reiterated how Johnson had a special connection to the British public. It was a gift that made him the ideal frontman for the Leave campaign during the 2016 EU referendum, when his magnetism and celebrity status paved the way for British freedom. Earlier his popularity brought him two successful terms as the Mayor of London from 2008 as he twice outplayed that canny, left-wing operator Ken Livingstone, in what is traditionally a Labour city. There is a glaring contrast between Johnson's brilliance as a campaigner and his weakness as a national ruler. But his whole career is filled with contradictions' He is an establishment insider and a lifelong rebel, who, in the words of his sister, "realised that he would go further if he broke all the rules". A showman with a hunger for publicity, he hates social gatherings. A dazzling populist on the stump, he never developed a popular following in the Commons, where he was always something of a loner.  While seen by many as a classic Tory toff, he was actually born in the US and had a far harder, nomadic upbringing than the stereotype suggests, featuring a wayward father and a mother who suffered from severe depression. Educated in the privileged worlds of Eton and Oxford, he turned his party into the voice of the traditional workingclass. And while renowned for his oratorical talent, he can be curiously inarticulate away from the platform, as evidenced by his stumbling, hesitant TV interviews. He has a streak of thoughtless selfishness, which partly explains why his private life has been a mess. Yet he can also be sensitive, anxious to please and painfully loyal. Indeed, it was his unblinking loyalty to Chris Pincher, who had shored up his defences during Partygate, that landed him in terminal trouble. The contradictions' also extend to policy. He was never a conviction politician, like Margaret Thatcher, but more of pragmatic opportunist in the style of Disraeli. A metropolitan liberal on immigration, who as London Mayor regularly called for an amnesty for illegals, he led the Brexit cause whose heart was stronger border controls. He regularly voiced his hostility to big government, yet under him the state's bureaucracy expanded massively. Like Mrs Thatcher's arch rival Michael Heseltine, he was an enthusiast for grand infrastructure projects. He once described himself as "a Brexity Heseltine", itself a contradiction given Heseltine's devotion to the EU. Johnson was a tax cutter in theory, who presided over the heaviest tax burden since the 1950s, just as he mocked the absurdities of political correctness while presiding over the relentless advance of wokery in public life. Even his claim to have "got Brexit done" began to unravel, as his Government's attempt to overturn the Northern Ireland protocol caused increasing friction in relations with both Belfast and Brussels.  The absence of firm political convictions' or a large Commons following meant that he was deeply vulnerable when the mood recently turned against him. As the economy soured, inflation soared and sleaze concerns grew, the Tories not only plummeted in the polls but were hammered in a series of by-elections, leaving him dangerously isolated. Without a large band of loyalists in the Commons, his position had previously been secured by electoral success. But now the party's greatest asset seemed to be its biggest liability. No matter how fiercely he clung on, his end became inevitable. "All political careers end in failure," the right-wing Tory Enoch Powell once said. Only last month, Boris Johnson had talked of remaining in office until the 2030s, passing even Mrs Thatcher's long reign. As it turned out, he lasted fewer than three years, on a par with Gordon Brown and a shorter spell than Theresa May, Jim Callaghan or Edward Heath enjoyed. Yet in that turbulent period, he packed in far more than any of them, from an election landslide to British independence. Now he's gone the Tories might miss him. 