Bella is believed to be in congestive heart failure after a vet found fluid in her abdomen and a heart murmur. She is currently homed with Carmarthenshire-based charity, Many Tears Animal Rescue, which is aiming to make her final days as comfortable as possible. An appeal has been launched to help find Bella a forever home after another pal, Coco, was recently adopted into a caring home, Wales Online reports. Many Tears Animal Rescue in Cefneithin, Llanelli, re-homes primarily ex-breeding dogs and even those found on 'death row' in pounds and from owners who can no longer keep them.   The charity is no stranger to achieving the impossible, having previously been battered by Storm Arwen last year and, in March, becoming home to fifty-seven Labrador pups. Its social media post about Bella said: "She [Bella] has come to us from her breeder and on arrival we immediately knew she needed some special care. Her tummy was swollen, her skinny bones were prominent. Bella went to a special fosterer where she has received lots of tender loving care but sometimes love just simply isn't enough. "Bella has seen the vet and they have found fluid in her abdomen, a heart murmur and she is likely to be in congestive heart failure. She has started on medication which will help her feel more comfortable and may well buy her some time".  Efforts had been made to find Bella a suitable loving home, said the rescue centre, adding: "Time that this girl needs to really feel loved and precious just as she deserves to. Time to feel grass under her feet, smell the flowers and feel the gentle breeze and sunshine on her face. Time to taste some delicious treats. Time to try doing something cheeky for the first time ever. Time to feel safe. "Then when her own time comes, she will need someone by her side, holding her paw and being there for her. Someone who needs to be special enough to understand that their heart may be broken far too soon but who will love her and want the best for her despite this." Coco was Bella's best friend and the charity had hoped to re-home them together, but after Coco was found loving new owners separately, the sausage dog has found new company and friendship in Kammy, a Bischon Frise who suffers with Cushings Disease, which also affects her life expectancy, and Fritz. You can find more information about Bella, Kammy and Fritz by clicking on their respective names or enquire at Many Tears Animal Rescue. You can also email info@manytearsrescue.org or call 01269 843 084 between 10am and 4pm only.  Reenie Ager temporarily cares for some dogs on behalf of the charity to keep them in a household environment as they await adoption. "All three of the dogs I look after currently come from puppy farms and so did Coco before she became adopted, Coco now has a family who have paid to improve her life and make her life more comfortable." She added: "Covid has really highlighted the issues in puppy breeding in Wales, the charity has had over 200 dogs dumped on them and there really needs to be more support, whether it's legally or financially. The shame is that it has almost become 'fashionable' to spend an extortionate amount of money on dogs when you have charities desperate to re-home loving dogs to families" she said. 