Downhill biking game Descenders has been officially announced for iOS and Android. The mountain biking game made its PC and Xbox debut back in 2019. This was followed by a PS4 and Nintendo Switch release the following year. After a few years of waiting, the mobile version - which is developed by Noodlecake Studios - has been given an August 4 release date. One of the most addictive biking games on PC and consoles, Descenders features a series of procedurally-generated stages. This ensures no two runs are ever the same. The aim is to make it to the finish line, all the while racking up high scores by performing tricks and putting together combos. Crash and burn too many times, however, and it's game over. In order to help make it through all of the stages, players can complete bonus objectives to regain health, and hire crew members to unlock various boosts. Certain crew members give you better handling and smoother turns, while others increase the width of the paths, making it easier to stay on the bike. Successful runs rely on your ability to earn more health by completing objectives, and hiring the right combination of people to make each stage more manageable. With bonus objectives often challenging players to finish in a certain time or perform certain tricks, you run the risk of losing control and doing more damage. "Descenders is extreme downhill free-riding for the modern era, with procedurally generated worlds, and where mistakes have real consequences," reads the official description. "Will you lead your team to glory and become the next legendary Descender? "In Descenders, your team is your life. When you pick a side - Enemy, Arboreal or Kinetic - you'll be bound together with other players who choose the same side as you. "Grab your bike, pick your team, and attempt to live up to the legend of your Descender. Will you join the die-hard, trick-frenzy ranks of Team Enemy, the proficient, off-road stylings of Team Arboreal, or the high-octane, speed-is-everything Team Kinetic?" If you can't wait until August, Descenders is currently priced at just £7.79 as part of the Steam Summer Sale.