Octopus Electric Vehicles, a part of the UK-based Octopus Energy group, has launched a major new scheme that allows people to lease an electric vehicle (EV) for several years and helps slash many of the costs associated with purchasing the green alternative. Aside from leasing an EV for 3-4 years, Octopus will also offer customers a free home EV charger, along with the energy company’s smart tariff system that slashes electricity bills by charging the vehicle at times of day when energy is cheaper.  Octopus notes that for customers in the UK, monthly bills for the package will cover for the car, tyres, servicing, repair and breakdown assistance from The AA. The company’s home charging solution combines a free Ohme Home Pro charger with their Intelligent Octopus tariff, which is the UK’s first 100 percent flexible charging tariff. The tariff uses Octopus’s energy flexibility platform - KrakenFlex - to charge during a low-cost window of 6 hours, when the green electrons cost just 7.5p / kWh - between 11:30 PM and 5:30 AM. Fiona Howarth, CEO of Octopus Electric Vehicles, told Express.co.uk: “As petrol prices edge closer to £2 a litre, the appeal of being powered by clean, green, cheap energy grows.  “Although it’s not just about cost and sustainability. Charging your electric car is simple - just plug in overnight like your mobile phone. “Intelligent Octopus is the smartest EV energy tariff on the market - charging your car when it's best for the energy system, but giving you confidence in your price and control over when you want your car ready and with how much charge it will have. It’s a game-changer. “Smart tariffs will also save billions in grid balancing costs that will ultimately lower the cost of energy for all, whether they drive or not. “They are a vital piece of the puzzle in our future green energy system and they’re now available for all EV drivers.”  READ MORE: 'Won't be held hostage!' UK unveils biggest energy reform in decade Customers will also receive 5,000 free miles as part of the tariff, meaning that over the course of a three-year lease, an average UK driver would be able to save up to £3,775 on fuel costs compared to an equivalent petrol car. According to Octopus, the smart charging solution also brings the UK closer to a “future energy system that matches usage to when renewable, clean energy is generated.” Analysis by the Carbon Trust and Imperial College found that a fully flexible energy system could reduce costs for the UK by up to £16.7billion a year in 2050, while ensuring energy security. This scheme comes as Britons were hit by a record monthly rise in petrol prices in June. Analysis from RAC shows the average cost of a litre of fuel at UK forecourts rose by 16.6p last month, from 174.8p to 191.4p. It is the highest monthly increase in records dating back to 2000. The spike in prices has added more than £9 to the cost of filling a typical 55-litre family petrol car. Average diesel prices rose by 15.6p per litre, ending the month at 199.1p. 