The legendary England star, 80, lost his eldest daughter Claire to a brain tumour 12 years ago and said he will always be grateful to the Sue Ryder nurses who made her as comfortable as possible in her final days. But the charity is facing the worst recruitment crisis in its 65-year history. Despite increasing recognition of the importance of high quality palliative care, a survey found three in five Britons do not think they could work as an end-of-life nurse. Sir Geoff said: "Sue Ryder nurses mean an awful lot to me. They made sure Claire was as comfortable as possible, which gave us precious time together as a family at the end of her life. "I want to appeal to nurses and nursing assistants to find out more about a career with Sue Ryder so that more families can receive the care and compassion that we did, when it matters most." Claire had been diagnosed 10 years before she died aged just 46 in a Sue Ryder hospice in Cheltenham. Sir Geoff, who famously scored a hat-trick in England's 4-2World Cup final win over West Germany in 1966, has now appeared in a video for Sue Ryder alongside other stars. Rugby league player Jamie Peacock, whose father was cared for by the charity's staff before his death, and Love Island contestant Malin Andersson, whose mother received support, also feature. They appear alongside staff, patients and loved ones helped by the charity in the campaign video, reading a spoken word poem. Emotive lines include: "You are the kindest face on darkest days, easing my pain, in the gentlest ways."  Jamie said: "Sue Ryder will always have a special place in my family's heart because of the expert and compassionate care they were able to give my dad and the time they gave us all as a family before he passed away." Malin, who has worked as a palliative care nurse, added: "If you can be there for families when they are at their most vulnerable, please consider a career with Sue Ryder. "The charity made such a difference to my family, but it needs more carers to continue its work." The charity's We Are Sue Ryder campaign aims to challenge misconceptions about palliative care by highlighting the importance of helping people fill their final days with love.  Its survey of 2,000 people found three-quarters believed that palliative care nurses should be celebrated even more now than before the pandemic. But despite 57 per cent knowing someone who had needed end-of-life care, 59 per cent did not think they could work in the sector. The campaign is appealing for registered nurses, student nurses and nursing assistants to find out more about what a career in palliative care is really like. Heidi Travis, Sue Ryder chief executive, said: "We want to better inform people of the benefits that can come when filling someone's last days with love. "Our nurses tell us they are given time to care." 