Rory McIlroy has spoken out after missing out on the Claret Jug at the 150th Open on Sunday. The Northern Irishman entered the fourth and final round in Scotland tied for the lead with Viktor Hovland on 16 under but ended the day two shots shy of champion Cameron Smith despite a bogey-free round at St Andrews. McIlroy needed an eagle on the 18th to force a play-off with Smith but could only manage a par, which meant he finished third on 18 under behind the Australian winner and Cameron Young. Smith produced a magnificent final round of 64 which consisted of eight birdies on the Old Course. And that saw the Players' champion win his first ever major championship. Four-time major winner McIlroy's wait for a fifth triumph now continues into a ninth year. And he told Sky Sports Golf of his latest heartbreak: "I sort of expected someone to come from the pack. The two Camerons obviously played really, really well today and made life difficult for me. "I was playing a controlled round of golf but when I really needed to make some birdies there at the start of the back nine, I just couldn't. I was trying my hardest obviously. Cam played an unbelievable first two days then sort of got his bad one out of the way yesterday and followed it up with a great round today. "I came up a couple short of what I thought I needed. I thought I'd need to get to at least 20 and I didn't quite get there so I'm disappointed I didn't do that. But I gave another good account of myself this week. You've just got to keep plugging away, keep the head down and keep moving forward." McIlroy finished in the top 10 at all four majors in 2022, managing such a feat for the first time in his career. The 33-year-old continued: "Yeah jeez, compared to the last few, it's been really positive. Second at Augusta, fifth at the US Open, third here. My game is heading in the right direction. "I didn't get it done today. Unfortunately there's seven or eight months to go until the next major comes around so I have to keep playing good golf until then. I can't get too despondent. I've played great this season and I want to finish the season off well." McIlroy paid the price for managing just two birdies in his final round with several opportunities to put for a birdie squandered. The world No 2 was loudly backed all weekend by the fans at St Andrews, which is not expected to host The Open again until 2030, and he added: "The support that I've gotten this week has been phenomenal. I really, really appreciate it. "It doesn't go unnoticed. I know everyone was with me every step of the way. I wish I could've played just a bit better today to give them something to really cheer about. But yeah I'm looking forward to a couple of weeks off so I can reset and move on and try and finish the season off well." Victorious Aussie Smith declared: "It's just unreal. This place is so cool. To have the 150th Open here and walk away with the win is just something that I've dreamt of. I didn't even know I was going to get this far and it's just awesome. It's unreal to look at these names on this trophy and to add mine. I'm lost for words. I'm definitely going to find out how many beers fit in this thing that's for sure!"