BBC Question Time returned yesterday as Fiona Bruce made the trip to Inverness, Scotland. Ms Bruce was joined in Inverness by the Scottish National Party's ex-Westminster leader Angus Robertson, Scottish Tory Party chairman Craig Hoy, Labour's Shadow Social Security Secretary Pam Duncan-Glancy, Spectator editor Fraser Nelson and award-winning stand-up comedian Susie McCabe. Passionate panellists and animated audience members soon turned their attention to the issue of Scottish independence after the question of whether an independence referendum will be held in 2023 was raised. After politicians and other panellists set out their positions, an audience member said: “You asked the question will there be a referendum in 2023, in my opinion there probably will be, [but] I hope there's not.” He added: “I'll tell you why there shouldn't be one though. “One, no means no, we've already debated that already. “But secondly, I think we all agree that we want the best thing for Scotland in this room. JUST IN: Blow for Sturgeon! Scots turn against independence as more than half reject IndyRef2 “Do we really want a society which is split down the middle? “Because currently, we are talking about roughly 50:50... we are talking about fine margins here.” The audience member went on to claim if there was decisive support for an independence referendum then he could back the move. His comments come just days after Ms Sturgeon announced she will look to hold a second Scottish independence referendum on October 23 next year. The poll would come less than a decade after Scots decisively opted to stay in the 315-year-old Union by 55 percent to 45 percent. READ MORE: Nicola Sturgeon's independence dream already in doubt after Supreme Court ruling Despite describing the 2014 referendum as a “once in a lifetime opportunity” for separatists, Ms Sturgeon told MSPs: “The UK and Scottish Government should be sitting down together, responsibly agreeing a process, including a Section 30 order, that allows the Scottish people to decide.” Ms Sturgeon also revealed the SNP will contest the next general election on an explicitly IndyRef2 platform if the Supreme Court decides Holyrood does not have the power to hold an independence referendum. However, an opinion poll conducted by YouGov on Thursday found just 34 percent of Scots believe a referendum should be held in October 2023. Other audience members were also left fuming at the debate. One man said: “Surely now is not the time? DON'T MISS:Putin 'likely' ill as oligarch's wife fears it will push war further [INSIGHT]Furious French vow to COUNTER EU ally’s army plot [REACTION]Russia reacts to NATO as it intensifies attacks [ANALYSIS] “Financially as a country we are in real trouble. “You're going to spend countless millions on a referendum that may happen, it may not.” But other audience members voiced support for Ms Sturgeon's plan to hold a poll in 2023. One gentleman pointed out that pro-independence MSPs from the SNP and Green Party hold a majority of seats in Holyrood. Another audience member claimed her English husband will now be voting for Scotland to sever ties with Britain following Brexit and after she alleged Boris Johnson is “lurching” the UK Government to the right. Ms Bruce will return to TV screens next Thursday when the BBC host joins panellists and audience members in Barnsley, South Yorkshire.