Chelsea have launched an audacious hijack of Barcelona's interest in Sevilla defender Jules Kounde, reigniting last summer's failed pursuit. But the Blues have seen their opening offer rejected as Thomas Tuchel eyes his second marquee centre-back signing of the transfer window. Chelsea are attempting to thwart Barcelona's efforts to recruit Kounde, tabling a £47million bid for the 23-year-old, talkSPORT claim. The Premier League giants remain in talks with Sevilla over his signature and hope to finally secure his services after missing out last year. The report adds that talks are continuing between Chelsea and Paris Saint-Germain for Kounde's France teammate Presnel Kimpembe. Tuchel wants both stars to join Kalidou Koulibaly at Stamford Bridge in a defensive overhaul after Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen's free exits. Christensen left his boyhood club to join Barcelona, and the Blaugrana are understood to be also eyeing a double deal for Chelsea captain Cesar Azpilicueta and Marcos Alonso. But the Blues won't be willing to lose three of their players and a primary transfer target to the Catalan outfit and are expected to return to the negotiating table with an improved offer. JUST IN: Neymar 'offered to Man City' in swap deal as Guardiola sparks u-turn Chelsea attempted to complete a big-money move for Kounde ahead of Tuchel's first full season as head coach in west London. However, Sevilla bumped up their asking price late on in discussions, leading the Frenchman's suitors to walk away. As a result, Tuchel's only piece of business was Romelu Lukaku's £97.5m return, potentially helping explain Chelsea's disappointing campaign. New owner Todd Boehly is eager to back the German in his first transfer window since buying Chelsea from Roman Abramovich, lining up as many as six new signings. The Blues have already welcomed Manchester City forward Raheem Sterling and Koulibaly, with two more central defenders and another attacking player on the agenda. READ MORE: Chelsea follow Omari Hutchinson signing with another wonderkid deal Barcelona are somewhat getting a taste of their own medicine in Chelsea's hijack after snatching Leeds United winger Raphinha from under their noses. The Brazilian completed a £60m move to the Nou Camp earlier this month after Chelsea had agreed a deal with Leeds for his signature. Despite their widely-documented financial woes, Barcelona are showing no signs of slowing down in the summer transfer window as Xavi Hernandez's rebuild continues to take shape. AC Milan midfielder Franck Kessie and Bayern Munich striker Robert Lewandowski have also joined, and Kounde could be the next target on Xavi's wishlist.