The veteran broadcaster, 62, took aim at his former employer while accepting his award after he achieved the accolade at this year's Tric awards, which honours stars from the world of television and radio. Eamonn Holmes sensationally made the controversial move from ITV's This Morning to GB News to present the channel's breakfast show alongside Isabel Webster, and has now been acknowledged for his success since he began hosting the breakfast show.  After accepting the award, Eamonn remarked: "I did not resign from ITV, ITV resigned from me." He added: Good Morning Britain we're coming for you." The broadcaster later said at a press conference he was "very proud" of the award and it "means a lot this year particularly" referencing the November announcement that Holmes was leaving ITV after 15 years hosting This Morning alongside his wife Ruth Langsford.When asked whether he thought GB News had a chance of overtaking the ITV channel especially without Piers Morgan, he said: "Oh God yes."He added: "I did not resign from ITV, ITV resigned from me. I never received a single explanation once of why they wanted rid of me, no matter what you have been told."I think you're very lucky to work in television...I was 10 years of age and I wanted to be a news anchor. I am a news anchor. 42 years later, I'm still winning awards which was good." He and BBC journalist Clive Myrie, who spent time in Kyiv earlier in the year reporting on the conflict in Ukraine, were acknowledged at the awards on Wednesday. Eamonn beat Clive as well as Victoria  Derbyshire and Stephen Dixon at the Television and Radio Industries Club to claim the news presenter of the year award. This comes after a turbulent year for Holmes as it was announced in November that he would be leaving ITV after 15 years of hosting This Morning alongside his wife Ruth Langsford. At the time, GB News had only recently been launched and Eamonn's move surprised viewers. READ MORE: ‘Let me answer!’ Raab snaps at BBC’s Jon Kay in angry clash He and Ruth had hosted the show since 2005, but Eamonn's stint came to an end as he decided to switch to rival channel GB News. The channel was started after being spearheaded by Andrew Neil as an "anti-woke" outlet for news. Eamonn and Isabel's show is the first to air each day as viewers tune in for the latest news. It came as Eamonn and Ruth were dropped from This Morning in favour of Alison Hammond and Dermot O'Leary, who continue to present the show on Fridays. Elsewhere, ITV's Good Morning Britain won the multi-channel news prize, beating GB News Breakfast, BBC Breakfast and BBC News Team. This Morning won in the OK! daytime category over A Place in the Sun, Loose Women and Steph's Packed Lunch. Radio host Roman Kemp also picked up two Tric Awards - one for best radio personality, with his Capital Breakfast show also winning best radio programme. Russell T Davies's critically acclaimed TV show It's A Sin took home the best new drama prize while Gogglebox won best entertainment show. DON'T MISS... EastEnders theory: Mitch Baker's dark past exposed [THOERY]Miriam Margolyes brands Leonardo Di Caprio 'A bit smelly' [VIDEO]Helen Skelton makes dig at Boris Johnson on Summer on the Farm [LATEST] Strictly Come Dancing also received the best reality show prize after a history-making series last year which saw winner and EastEnders star Rose Ayling-Ellis become the first deaf contestant. Bake Off star John Whaite and his partner Johannes Radebe also marked a milestone as the first all-male couple. Hosts Ant and Dec took the TV personality award once again while The Chase won the game show prize. In the soap opera world, Emmerdale received the soap of the year award and Rosie Marcel's role in Holby City won her the best soap actor prize. Line of Duty also picked up the best drama award after airing its sixth and potentially final series last year. Also among the award winners was Paul O'Grady: For the Love of Dogs for best factual show and Gordon, Gino and Fred: Go Greek. Mamma Mia! beat off the competition for the best food show prize. While Wimbledon won in the sports category and Shagged. Married. Annoyed. with Chris & Rosie Ramsey took home the podcast of the year award. The Television and Radio Industries Club (Tric) awards were held on July 6 at the Grosvenor House in London.