Geri Halliwell firmly denied co-star Mel B's claims that they'd had a night of passion but an unearthed interview from almost two decades earlier reveals that she DID have a same-sex encounter, albeit with a different woman. Geri, who has since married Formula One boss Christian Horner, joked at the time: "I don't mind boobs." However, she added that a lesbian relationship would definitely not be on the cards for her. "I didn't like the lesbian thing," she explained on the Howard Stern Show, dismissing her sexual encounter as "part of experimenting". "I don't mind boobs but the other bit is not my cup of tea," she continued. "I was drunk at the time... I don't think [the other woman] was a lesbian either." Geri explosively added that her partner was another famous woman - but that she could "never, ever say who it was". "I'm going to leave the rest to your imagination," she teased the world. Whoever the celebrity was, Geri previously denied that she had a frisson with Mel B. When Mel suggested on Piers Morgan's Life Stories that they'd had a sexual encounter, Geri's rep swiftly issued a firm denial. Mel B had said: "She's going to hate me for this because she's all posh in her country house and her husband, but it's a fact. "It just happened and we just giggled at it and that was it. "It happens one time and then you talk about it and it does not really happen again." DON'T MISS... Naga Munchetty shares update after issuing plea for help at home [UPDATE] Helen Skelton 'felt stupid' for being scammed out of £70k life savings [LATEST] Sharon Stone, 64, leaves little to the imagination in racy topless pic [PHOTOS]  She added to Piers: "Hopefully when Geri gets asked she won't deny it, because it was just a fun thing." Several days later, Geri did exactly that, via a statement from her rep claiming the rumour was "disappointing". It continued: "She would like [the fans] to know that what has been reported recently is simply not true." While Geri is definitely straight, Mel B has always been open about her sexuality and the fact that her past has included other women. In her 2018 autobiography, Brutally Honest, she made a reference to "a very beautiful, loving, five-year relationship" that she'd had with a woman. Unlike her comments about Geri, Mel stated she would never spill the beans about her long-term female partner's identity. "I will never, ever discuss [who it was] because she was extremely private and I will always respect that," she wrote.