Anne Hegerty wasn’t too impressed with the third contestant’s offer decision during a repeat episode of The Chase that aired on Friday. Dan was given a positive amount as a low offer after watching his two predecessors make it through to the final. However, the Chaser had some stern words for the player when he decided to take the lowest amount.    The first contestant, Will defeated Anne by adding £5,000 to the jackpot prize fund. Next up was Jo who also secured her spot in the final by earning £6,000. Both contestants performed well in their head-to-heads and Will encouraged Jo to go for the higher offer but she declined. Dan was hoping to continue the team’s winning streak and answered four questions correctly in his cash builder round. Read more: Anne Hegerty details 'difficulty' of new ITV role away from The Chase    Anne offered him the chance to improve his chances of making it to the final by taking £1,000 or take a risk for a chance to win £40,000. Offering advice to her teammate, final contestant Sharon said: “I think you’re better than the £4,000 but don’t go high.” Jo added: “You’re a good player, I’d go for the £4,000 and bring that home and that’s a nice sum then for sharing out.” “I think we’ve got Anne rattled,” Will said. “Go for the £4,000, come back home, we’ll knock it out the park.”    However, Dan ignored his teammates’ advice and went for the low offer. He said: “£40,000 is very generous and £4,000 is great as well. “But, I just want to make sure I’m there in the final round with everyone. I think I’m actually going to take the lower offer of £1,000.” “Listen,” Bradley Walsh quipped. “You don’t often get a plus in seat three seriously, it's not a minus.” DON'T MISSAnne Hegerty says I'm A Celebrity showcased her 'pathetic side' [INTERVIEW]Mark Labbett makes jibe at Pointless after The Chase player's snub  [VIDEO]The Chase fans have called out the inconsistency of questions [INSIGHT] “If it was a negative I would have never gone for it,” Dan justified. Anne commented: “You know they can do amazing things with visual effects these days. “They could probably make you look like something other than a complete wimp.” “I can’t reply to that,” Dan remarked and Bradley added: “You can’t reply, you've lost that option.”    Dan went on to beat the Chaser and Anne couldn’t resist one final jibe. Anne swiped: “Obviously I couldn’t get close to you what with you going low.” All four contestants competed in the final Chase for a total jackpot of £18,000. The team scored a respectable 17 in the final but this wasn’t enough to beat Anne. The Chase airs on ITV on weekdays at 5pm.   