Will Zalatoris has taken the same firm approach as Tiger Woods towards the LIV Golf Series, after a defiant message surrounding the mega-money involved in the breakaway circuit. After the likes of Brooks Koepka, Bryson DeChambeau and Dustin Johnson made the LIV switch, fellow American Zalatoris was also linked with a move. The youngster though has completely quashed any chance of him signing on the dotted line with Greg Norman, after speaking strongly against the idea ahead of this week’s Rocket Mortgage Classic. Those who have made the LIV move have been given lucrative signing on fees, as well as competing for £20.7million at each event. Despite the riches on offer, Zalatoris has confirmed money is not a driving force for him in his career, with the 25-year-old keen to make a name for himself on the PGA Tour and win a major championship. He said: “If you gave me all the money in the world tomorrow, I'd still be doing the exact same thing. “I've wanted to win a major my entire life and I've wanted to play out here [on the PGA Tour]." The opposing Saudi-backed Series has looked to mould its own identity in professional golf, operating a new-look format which includes its events having no cuts, beginning with a shotgun start, lasting just three rounds and offering both an individual and team competition. JUST IN: LIV golfer Sergio Garcia's last-gasp Ryder Cup bid too late if Stenson's woes are to go by Zalatoris however is clearly more of a traditionalist, and has plenty of question marks about the LIV format. He went on: “I think the biggest thing that I would say is not even in regards to the amount of holes that are played, but I would say that any person on these grounds could have [qualified] yesterday and won this golf tournament, and over there it's the same 48 guys playing over and over and over. "You know, this is a pure meritocracy and I'm sure you could argue there's a meritocracy to being part of LIV, but that's their decision for you to play there. They're the ones offering you the money to play. Here it's earned and I think that's the biggest difference and I think that's something that right now with no World Golf Ranking points, I think that's why a lot of the top guys don't have a lot of interest, because we want to be part of majors, we want to win major championships." DON'T MISSJordan Spieth incredible fortune explained: How sports star became a millionaire before 30Tiger Woods' caddie sheds light on golf icon's return plan after Open woes at St AndrewsTiger Woods hits back at retirement critics with post-Open golf sessions in Spain It is no surprise to see the American want to make his name on the PGA Tour, having announced himself as one of the circuit’s hottest prospects in recent years. The 25-year-old has come agonisingly close throughout his career to winning his maiden title, especially on the big stage at major championships. Zalatoris feels it is only a matter of time before he is in the winners’ circle. He commented: “Yeah, obviously I've been really close to getting that first win, knocked on the door a bunch. Just got to keep doing what we're doing. Game's been feeling really good. I think everything has been really starting to click, especially after this week off. We had some really good work at home and fully rested coming up for a pretty good stretch of golf coming up. Looking forward to being a part of my first FedEx Cup Playoffs and hopefully making a nice run." 