Making extra money in retirement is a priority for many, some of whom see the state pension or their own savings as too little to get them by. Others will be looking to keep busy in later life, and stay fulfilled. This was the case for Sylvia Haller, a 70-year-old retired case worker who has now turned to being a handywoman. When Ms Haller was made redundant, she needed to find a way to top up income from her pension. Keen to avoid boredom in retirement, she wanted to put her skills to work, and decided to embark on a side hustle, using the platform Taskrabbit. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, she said: “I’ve been working all my adult life. In Germany, I studied Social Pedagogy, and worked in diverse projects with disadvantaged children, homeless families and victims of domestic violence for more than 15 years. READ MORE: Inheritance warning: Grandparents urged to act to protect wealth “But I have always been a handywoman, and love doing DIY.” When Ms Haller made the decision to come to the UK in 1994, she gained the opportunity to study Electrical Engineering. This was through a woman’s only course funded by the European Union (EU), aimed at encouraging women to enter male-dominated trades. Ms Haller said she jumped at the chance to enrol and fulfil one of her lifelong passions. DON'T MISSRetirement and me: ‘Like the 1970s!’ Woman, 70, ‘rationing food’ [INSIGHT]Inheritance tax: Britons may slash bill ‘completely’ using their home [EXCLUSIVE]‘Game over!’ Woman, 42, watches as hackers steal £10,000 in attack [WARNING]  It also, of course, provided her with some of the skills and background she uses today.  Her previous job also required her to carry out safety inspections for electrical fixtures in homes, meaning she can help people who need this kind of support.  When she received 100 percent excellent feedback, her rates improved month on month, and there was an increase of work.  Ms Haller described a deep sense of job satisfaction she was able to garner from working in the manual trades. READ MORE: Households can claim free cash and food vouchers worth £160 While she sometimes feels tired, she states she is always happy. The retired side hustler encouraged others to consider making extra income in this way, potentially through TaskRabbit. She continued: “I would recommend this path for other people, and you don’t have to be skilled at DIY or electrical work like me. “There are a range of categories people can sign up to, to offer their skills, including organisation and cleaning. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea “I think it’s great for older people, especially women, as it’s a great way of improving your monthly income and keeping active. “You can stay connected with society, and feel useful, thus avoiding boredom and loneliness. Everyone is good at something!” Taskrabbit now say they have seen a 60 percent increase in bookings in the last year alone, and have introduced the service to all postcodes across Great Britain. Like Ms Haller, Britons can sign up as independent workers to help out in their local community with people who need assistance with home tasks.