Chelsea have reached a 'full agreement on personal terms' with Manchester City defender Nathan Ake, according to reports. Chelsea are set to sign Raheem Sterling and could follow it up with the purchase of Ake. Sterling is set to join the Blues for an initial £45million. Personal terms were agreed earlier this week with the England international. He is set to become the first signing of the Todd Boehly era at Stamford Bridge. And he could soon have a familiar face join him. Ake has been linked with a move back to Chelsea in recent months. And transfer expert Fabrizio Romano says there is an agreement with the player but Chelsea are yet to make an official offer to City. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd fresh £45m bid, De Jong picks Chelsea move, Arsenal £6m offer  He tweeted: "Chelsea have full agreement with Nathan Ake on personal terms. Man City are aware of the situation on the player side, but still waiting to receive the official bid. "City want around £40/45m for Ake and plan is to replace him with a new centre back in case he leaves." Chelsea are in desperate need of new defenders this summer. Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen both left at the end of their contracts this summer. Club captain Cesar Azpilicueta is also linked with a move to Barcelona. Sevilla's Jules Kounde remains a target for Thomas Tuchel after a deal came close last summer. Juventus' Matthijs de Ligt is also high on Tuchel's wishlist but the Dutchman is thought to prefer a move to Bayern Munich. DON'T MISSMan Utd ‘have agreed majority of Frenkie de Jong transfer deal’ as last hurdle emergesErik ten Hag 'overruled Man Utd recruitment team' on separate signing to Lisandro MartinezMan Utd 'agree personal terms' with Antony and Lisandro Martinez as duo both push for move  His international team-mate Ake spent six years on the books of Chelsea between 2011 and 2017. He made just 17 appearances before leaving on a permanent deal to Bournemouth. City signed Ake for a fee of over £40m in 2020 but he has not been able to nail down a regular starting spot under Pep Guardiola. He has made just 40 appearances in all competitions for the Etihad club, starting 10 times in the Premier League last term. Tuchel will likely plan to use the left-footed Ake on the left-hand side of his back three. Rudiger excelled in that role last season but has left to join Real Madrid on a free transfer. Chelsea are still hopeful of signing Leeds star Raphinha, though he would prefer to move to Barcelona. The departure of Romelu Lukaku to Inter Milan on loan could lead to Tuchel searching for a striker before the window shuts.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here