Firefighters were called about the wildfire at 6.55pm yesterday. Multiple appliances are now in attendance, including support from Hampshire & Isle of Wight Fire & Rescue Service.  Crew members are expected to remain at the scene overnight. SFRS also warned residents to keep away from the area. They said: "Please keep away from the area, and close doors and windows if you can smell smoke." Liz Towsend, a Liberal Democrat councillor for Cranleigh and Ewhurst, added: "Stay safe." JUST IN: London fire horror as huge blaze breaks out near underground station – thick smoke spotted The 1,400-acre Surrey nature reserve is owned by the Ministry of Defence and is a part of Thursley, Hankley & Frensham Commons Special Area of Conservation, Special Protection Area & Site of Special Scientific Interest. Hankley Common is also regularly used as a filming location for blockbuster movies, including Marvel's Black Widow and Daniel Craig's hit 2012 James Bond movie Skyfall. However, the wildfire at Hankley Common comes just hours after London Fire Brigade claimed the capital witnessed a record-breaking number of incidents. They said: "London Fire Brigade had its busiest day since World War II yesterday as record temperatures led to hundreds of fires across the city.  "The scale and frequency of the fires caused the Brigade to declare a major incident yesterday afternoon to allow for resources to be focused. "There were more than 1,146 incidents throughout London yesterday, and thanks to the heroic work of firefighters, there were no fatalities." Jonathan Smith, the Brigade’s Assistant Commissioner, added: "Firefighters across London worked in very difficult conditions to protect Londoners and their heroic actions mean no lives were lost. "I am immensely proud of them and their dedication in such unprecedented heat. DON'T MISS: Desperate Putin says Ukraine turned troops into MONSTERS [REVEAL]London fires: Heathrow Airport metres away from huge blaze [LIVE]Scientist forced to move research hub from Scotland to EU [REPORT] "We declared a major incident and worked with emergency service partners who have also been working hard to continue to run services in these difficult and challenging conditions. "By taking action, we were able to focus and prioritise our resources, recall staff from training, call on support from other local fire and rescue services and attend every incident as needed. "Yesterday’s fires are another example of how we are increasingly being challenged by new extremes of weather as our climate changes and we’re developing long-term strategies to deal with more incidents like this in the future."