Last month the Rolling Stones rocked the stage at their BST Hyde Park gig. But it wasn't just the music that had fans in awe, it was Sir Mick Jagger's appearance and energy. The 78-year-old looked in impeccable health, keeping his energy up for their lengthy set. And it turns out, it's down to a diet and fitness ritual he learned from a young age. Jagger was taught the values of regular exercise by his PE teacher father, who died aged 93. Following in his footsteps, the rocker is said to maintain his 28-inch waist. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake And he does this by engaging in regular interval training which allows him to sing songs, run across stage and then talk to the crowd straight after. Alongside this, Jagger follows a diet of fresh fruit and veg, whole grains, legumes, chicken and fish. He has also reportedly tried the Keto diet. This is a high-fat, low-carb regime that followers say helps "drive down" their body fat levels. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] He has eaten organic food for years, after being persuaded by Jo Wood, ex-wife of Stones guitarist Ronnie. In the lead up to the Hyde Park concert, Jagger took to social media to say that he was “feeling much better” and “doing great” after testing positive for coronavirus. Following his rapid recovery and remarkable performance, the band’s dressing room coordinator, Heather Foster Kjollesdal, shared how the members prepare mentally and physically for the gruelling sets. Speaking about Jagger in particular, she revealed he will do "serious training" before he steps on stage. READ MORE: Fitness: How to 'increase fat burning' in a heatwave - expert advice "Mick likes surfaces. There's not a lot of stuff. It's very clean," she said of his dressing area. "I do set up a little warm-up area. I've never seen what goes on, I know there's music. He probably just loosens up his limbs. "From what I understand from his trainer, he trains like that. "Before the tour, he'll do serious training for four or five minutes and then he'll bring his heart rate down. "So it's very much interval training." She added: "That's why he can sing a song, run across the stage, and then the song ends and he's talking to the crowd and he's not out of breath. "He's absolutely incredible." My Life as a Rolling Stone airs on Saturday, July 9 at 9pm on BBC Two.