The crew member was shot and killed as filming for the third season of Law and Order Organized Crime continued in New York, USA. The victim is yet to be named but it is reported the shooting took place in the early hours of Tuesday morning, according to Deadline, hours before filming on the NBC drama was set to commence. A statement regarding the Law and Order Organized Crime shooting was delivered by a spokesperson for NBC and Universal Television. It read, per Deadline: “We were terribly saddened and shocked to hear that one of our crew members was the victim of a crime early this morning and has died as a result. “We are working with local law enforcement as they continue to investigate. “Our hearts go out to his family and friends and we ask that you respect their privacy during this time.” READ MORE: Law and Order SVU season 24: Showrunner sparks meltdown with update According to police reports, while the victim is yet to be named, he has been identified as a 31-year-old parking enforcement worker. He was killed while sitting in a car near the location where the likes of Christopher Meloni and other Law and Order Organized Crime stars were set to film. Deadline reports the victim was taken to hospital but pronounced dead at approximately 6am ET. There is yet to be an arrest made for the shooting. Entertainment Weekly spoke to Detective Adam Navarro of the NYPD regarding the incident. He confirmed to the publication that the shooting took place at  229 N. Henry Street at 5:15am ET in Brooklyn's Greenpoint area. Navarro also told EW that it was unclear if the victim was part of the Law and Order sister series’ production crew or contracted to do “parking enforcement”, ensuring members of the public couldn’t “park in the location”. It is unclear at the time of this publishing if the killer knew the crew member or what possible motive there could have been. DON'T MISS:Yellowstone’s Kelly Reilly pays tribute to star despite on-screen feud1883’s Faith Hill admits feeling ‘intimidated’ by Yellowstone co-starNCIS season 20: Torres star sparks frenzy as he teases ‘change' ABC7NY also spoke to locals in the area who have claimed it's not out of the ordinary for parking enforcement to reserve spots in this manner. Local Ian Oberholtzer told Eyewitness News: "They're just doing their job. "Just setting out cones and making sure cars are where they belong. "Nothing out of the ordinary, and everyone's very used to it by now." Organized Crime is currently one of three shows from the Law and Order franchise airing on NBC. Law and Order SVU and the rebooted flagship series are all set to return later this year. Meloni leads Organized Crime in its main role after debuting on SVU decades earlier. 