Records were demolished today when temperatures soared to 40.3C at Coningsby in Lincolnshire. This was just one of 34 locations to leapfrog the previous high of 38.7C which was set in July 2019. Britons up and down the country have been driving to beaches and other beauty spots to enjoy the weather. But more than a thousand drivers will be regretting their decision after being slapped with parking fines. Bournemouth, Christchurch and Poole (BCP) Council confirmed it handed out more than 1,500 parking notices last weekend. In addition to the fines, a total of nine cars were towed. READ MORE: Furious British drivers slam ‘nonsense’ air con rule In a tweet, BCP Council confirmed they had to tow away a number of vehicles. It added: “No, drivers should not park in places that block key access routes or affect emergency access.” Over the weekend, many roads were gridlocked after beachgoers double parked, while some bus firms abandoned their routes. Councillor Mike Greene, portfolio holder for sustainability and transport, said the council was “incredibly frustrated” to see some drivers parking “inconsiderately”. DON'T MISSUrgent heatwave warning issued to electric car owners [WARNING]Drivers urged to use little-known air con trick [INSIGHT]Motorists warned of massive £5,000 fines for wearing certain clothes [SHOCKING] He added: “This sort of selfish behaviour from a minority of people is unacceptable. “Those who depend on our bus services, such as the elderly or those with mobility problems, would have been particularly affected and we don’t wish to see this happen to anyone. “One of our problems is that we are forbidden by law to issue fines at a high enough level to act as real deterrents. “The same goes for towaway fees, where we cannot even recover the cost on behalf of our council taxpayers,” he told the Daily Echo. The Council was also dealing with further issues at Bournemouth seafront with a number of drivers leaving rubbish behind. Many residents started litter picking on Monday morning following the busy weekend. One resident described the amount of rubbish as being “soul destroying”. It said that 20 bags of litter had been manually picked from Bath Road North and South car parks. A further tweet said: “Our message is simple, if people find a bin full, find another one or take the litter home and leave only footprints. “Seafront and beach visitors: Don't leave your litter. “Put in a bin or take your litter home with you.” Temperatures are set to drop in the coming days which may lead to less rubbish being left and fewer parking fines.