Dr Michael Mosley is the creator of the 5:2 diet and Fast 800 weight loss plan, and thousands of people have successfully changed their lifestyles as a result. For anyone looking to “turbo-charge” their weight loss results, the expert has revealed the best eating plan to follow. Dr Michael calls time-restricted eating (TRE) “a simple way to turbo-charge your weight loss”. “It’s not just what you eat, but when,” he added. “More and more evidence is emerging to show that to get the maximum benefit from your diet, you need to take care about how you time your meals.” It comes as research from Salk Institute in California has discovered that by giving your body some daily downtime from the work of eating and digesting, you can unlock repair pathways that protect against illness, ageing and obesity. READ MORE: Incredible 14 STONE weight loss sees man get Slimmer of the Year Dr Michael explained: “For at least 12 hours within each 24-hour period, you do not consume any calories. “Some people prefer to shorten their eating window further, to 10 or even just eight hours.” Research shows that a 12-hour period away from food is the best time to give your body “significant benefits”. But most adults eat for about 15 hours a day, which means there is not enough time for the body’s cell repair pathways to engage. DON'T MISS...Wash towels at 20° with money-saving laundry hack ‘Kills 99% bacteria’ [EXPERT]Greene King offering free pints if you have a certain surname [NEWS]Kate Middleton’s new accessory to ‘inject fun & personality’ to outfit [COMMENT] So what impact can this have on your body? In an early experiment, mice were divided into two groups; one that could eat freely around the clock, and one that could eat freely, but in an eight-hour window. Both groups were fed high-calorie, sugary and fatty food. The mice that had gorged on sugar, and fatty foods had put on “huge amounts of weight”. READ MORE: Michael Mosley: 'Surprising' food group that promotes weight loss The genetically identical mice, eating the same food but in an eight-hour window put on “far less weight”. In one of the first human trials of time-restricted eating carried out with the help of the University of Surrey, two groups of healthy volunteers ate the same food. The group on TRE (eating breakfast 90 minutes later than usual, and 90 minutes earlier each day) replicated the mouse studies, and actually “lost body fat”. “To make time-restricted eating successful, eating nutritious, filling and delicious food is also key,” Dr Michael said.  “This will ensure that your body has a plentiful supply of antioxidants, vitamins and minerals to boost the repair pathways that fasting triggers, and will help you to feel fuller for longer.” Dr Michael shared his four “practical steps” to time-restricted eating. 1. Make a note of your weight before you begin. 2. It will take a few weeks to adjust to TRE and work out what works best for your schedule. 3. Stay hydrated to keep hunger at bay. 4. Keep exercising to prevent cravings from taking over. However, avoid endurance or highly demanding exercise on a fast day.