Comedy is a well known consequence of trauma, with many using it as a coping mechanism and the same could potentially be said for one of the world’s most famed comedians. Carrey has plenty of box office hits under his belt, including his role as Colonel Stars and Stripes in action comedy Kick-Ass 2 which airs tonight on BBC One.  Many people who grew up in the 1990’s or early 2000’s associate Carrey with their childhoods as he breathed life into now celebrated characters like Ace Ventura and the Grinch. In actuality, it was Carrey’s traumatic start in life which would fuel his comedy chops and love for making people laugh. The Toronto-born entertainer was the youngest of four children and while his father struggled to support the family his mother was addicted to painkillers. In an interview with Hollywood Reporter, the actor said while his mother “was lovely”, her addiction meant she wasn’t always there for him. He explained: “She was always there in the house — but if you’re high on painkillers, that’s abandonment.  “I guess we’re all abandoned to a certain extent, all of us in some way or another by something or someone, and that forms in us our belief about ourselves.” The family’s financial issues would come to a head when Carrey was a teenager, leaving them homeless and living in a tent around Canada. Proving the effect his childhood had on his comedy, Carrey would later joke in one of his stand-up gigs: “My father lost his job and I actually became homeless for quite some time. Of course I grew up in Canada so I thought we had just gone camping.” During his younger years, Carrey’s mother would often speak about her own mortality quite casually, alarming her young son. He recalled to The Hollywood Reporter: “I remember locking myself in the bathroom and crying because I thought they were going to die.”  Despite his now flamboyant nature and extroverted on-screen characters, Carrey was reclusive as a child, saying to Interview magazine that he “never knew I was supposed to socialise”. Instead he spent hours in front of the mirror making faces, which likely contributed to his outstanding physical comedy which earned him iconic roles like the Grinch. The family’s financial situation brought consistent issues throughout Carrey’s childhood, and he would drop out of school on the day he turned 16 in order to help. Carrey began performing comedy in downtown Toronto while working at a factory. However this would not be the turning point for Carrey just yet, as his first gig saw him being booed off stage.    Years later on The Late Late Show with James Corden, Carrey revealed an even more tumultuous evening when he refused to get off stage, fighting the audience for two hours at The Comedy Store. The audience was not impressed but it did see Carrey leaving the stage to a standing ovation, mostly because he was leaving, but he had far more in store for them. He said on the talk show: “I crawled through the crowd and jumped up behind the piano and began to sing: ‘I hate you all, you gave me cancer’.” Reportedly all but five audience members left at that point. A vastly different picture is painted today as Carrey is one of the most well-known names in comedy cinema, although that doesn’t mean he has stopped making his opinion on matters heard.  In 2013, Carrey would appear in Kick-Ass 2 as Colonel Stars and Stripes, with filming for the movie wrapping up in 2012. However, the devastating Sandy Hook shooting took place in December 2012 and Carrey took to Twitter trying to dissociate himself from the film as a result. He tweeted: “I did Kickass a month b4 Sandy Hook and now in all good conscience I cannot support that level of violence. “I meant to say my apologies to others involved with the film. I am not ashamed of it but recent events have caused a change in my heart.” Since then he has sworn off movies with excessive violence. Kick-Ass 2 shows tonight on BBC One at 11:40pm. 