The Belgian Royal Palace shared photos of Princess Elisabeth, 20, attending a summer camp at the Royal Military School. Elisabeth, who is heir to the throne and the eldest child of 62-year-old King Philippe and 49-year-old Queen Consort Mathilde, was snapped on Wednesday reuniting with her classmates to mark the end of the school year. The Duchess of Brabant, who was dressed in camouflage and had her face covered in green paint, attended the camp to practice skills such as patrolling and leadership. Elisabeth obtained her International Baccalaureate from UWC Atlantic College in Llantwit Major, Wales, before spending a year at the military academy. She now studies history and politics at Lincoln College at the University of Oxford. While Elisabeth is at university in the UK, she regularly returns to Belgium to take part in royal duties. JUST IN: Charlotte tipped for Wembley appearance as Lionesses roar on to Euro clash with Germany As the heir to the throne, she will also one day become Belgium's first female head of state. In a post on Instagram, the Belgian Royal Family said: "Throughout July, Princess Elisabeth participated in the annual summer camp of the Royal Military Academy (KMS) as part of her military training. "She joined her classmates who are completing their second academic year at the KMS in camp. "The students practised and developed their patrol techniques and leadership skills during the camp. "Like all students in her year, the Princess took charge of a section (group of 9 people) at certain times. "They also learned to respond flexibly to changes and to stay motivated and alert in difficult circumstances (fatigue and stress)." Fans of the Belgian royals took to the comment section to praise the Princess. Instagram user @jvandensande said: "Respect and admiration for our pretty Princess." DON'T MISS:Joe Biden offers to swap ‘Merchant of Death’ Russian arms dealer 'De-occupation is inevitable' Zelensky taunts Putin GB News: Rishi Sunak slammed for campaigning like a ‘novice’ Another user @giunta_mathilde added: "I'm sure she will bring a wind of modernity and commitment to our royalty." A third user, operating under the handle @fp.royaltyy, wrote: "She's incredible."