Ernie Els has suggested a major change to the Saudi LIV Golf schedule which could allow the rebel tour to run alongside the 'real' thing. Els, 52, was speaking after the explosive saga took another twist this week, with Henrik Stenson being stripped of the European Ryder Cup captaincy after becoming the latest high-profile star to defect. The Swede, vociferously criticised by the likes of Eddie Pepperell, has since been confirmed in the 48-man field for the third rebel event, the LIV Golf Invitational Bedminster in New Jersey, from July 29-31. Overall, the eight scheduled tournaments, culminating in Miami from October 27-30, will see around £200 million handed out in prize money. The PGA Tour has taken drastic action against those who have signed up, banning them from tour events. The stance taken by Ryder Cup organisers also means that as well as Stenson, the likes of Ian Poulter, Sergio Garcia, Paul Casey and Lee Westwood will also be absent from Team Europe in Rome in September 2023. But now 'The Big Easy', who won four major championships, has offered a solution to the fallout, arguing the LIV Golf series could be given its own specific window in the calendar: “You could play that for three months,” the South African told Golf Monthly. JUST IN: Open champion Cameron Smith comes good on Claret Jug beer pledge - 'How many fit' “The whole world will be watching. I mean, my gosh, everybody will watch it. Can you imagine the guys trying to buy teams who have people, principals of teams? It will be like the Formula One. "You'll have major people, billionaire people, and they will come in and have fun with the teams and the sport, and the guys can have fun and the world can have fun with this format because it's different. But three months of that, I think that's enough. Then come back to play real golf.” DON'T MISS:Open champion Cam Smith struggles with Claret Jug on public flight out of St AndrewsSaudi LIV tour seal huge coup by 'snapping up' Open champion Cameron Smith and 'five more'Rory McIlroy copies Tiger Woods as Open bid ends in tears with chance to join icons missed However, his insinuation that the Saudi-backed series doesn't constitute 'real' golf is likely to irk Greg Norman, who continues to insist his Saudi-backed venture is designed to grow the sport. But despite the money involved, the action in his opening two events has underwhelmed, with Charl Schwartzel and Branden Grace running out winners. Els also called for PGA Tour Commissioner Jay Monahan to sit down with LIV CEO Norman to sort out a compromise: "It’s really very uncomfortable and surely there has to be some kind of negotiation to come.”