Tottenham have reportedly set a meeting to hash out the details behind Japhet Tanganga’s potential move to AC Milan. The defender has fallen down the pecking order under Antonio Conte, but Spurs could still have a plan for Tanganga despite the possibility of the 23-year-old leaving for Italy on a permanent deal. Calciomercato claim that a meeting will take place between Tottenham and Milan to close a deal for Tanganga, which is set to be a loan. There is an option for Milan to sign Tanganga during his loan spell permanently, and if that clause is taken up then Conte’s side will have a buy-back possibility inserted into the deal. With the outline of the transfer decided, the two clubs are set to meet to agree upon the figures at each stage of the move for Tanganga. The deal is similar to the one that saw Kyle Walker-Peters depart the club for Southampton in 2020. The England international was loaned to Southampton in the second half of the 2019/20 season, and after a strong spell was bought on a permanent basis for a reported fee of £12million. After letting Walker-Peters leave permanently, Spurs have a buy-back clause of £30m according to The Athletic. READ MORE: Chelsea star Reece James scores outrageous own goal after mix-up with third choice keeper The 25-year-old has recently been linked with a move to Manchester United but Southampton are set to demand £40m for the full-back that enjoyed a stellar season and earned two caps with Gareth Southgate’s England. Despite Spurs having a glut of wing-backs with Ivan Perisic, Sergio Reguilon, Ryan Sessegnon, Matt Doherty, Emerson Royal and Djed Spence expected to make the move from Middlesbrough, they would be able to sign Walker-Peters for a lower fee than what United were quoted. Although there were continued links to AC Milan and several Premier League clubs earlier in the summer, Tanganga was not one of the four players left behind by Conte for Spurs’ pre-season tour of South Korea and he is not paying attention to any speculation regarding his future. DON'T MISSMan Utd already working on fourth and fifth signings as Martinez deal confirmedArsenal told Oleksandr Zinchenko's not enough and Gunners could 'be cut adrift' from SpursChelsea 'very close' to signing Jules Kounde as Thomas Tuchel gets Barcelona revenge "It's just speculation and I don't read too much into speculation,” Tanganga told Football London. “My focus is I'm just happy to be back, being injury free and helping the team as much as I can and be ready when I'm called upon. "It's about being ready. There was a period when Cristian Romero was injured and the manager called upon me to play in that position. I'm just grateful to play as many games as possible and I'm just happy to play whenever the manager wants me to." Tanganga has played in several defensive positions at Tottenham, but revealed he was told by Conte which role he is best suited to. "He [Conte] sees me as one of the centre-backs,” Tanganga added. “Either right or left. That's the position he gives me the most information in and tells me what to do.”