Arsenal's documentary from last season captured the moment players were told by Mikel Arteta that Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang was no longer going to be the club's captain in what is set to be an explosive episode. Arsenal followed in the footsteps of Manchester City and Tottenham by signing up for the 'All or Nothing' series with cameras capturing behind the scenes footage from last season. The official trailer has now been released to give fans a taste of what to expect. Arteta often cuts a calm figure on the touchline and in front of the media, but the two-minute teaser showed how the Spaniard can easily lose his temper in the dressing room. Rob Holding describes Arteta as being "very intense" before the trailer cuts to Arteta shouting at the players in the changing rooms and some looking shocked and surprised at their manager's outburst. Other small snippets were shown of players hugging and training behind the scenes at Colney. But arguably the most interesting episode which all Gunners fans will want to see is how the relationship between Arteta and Aubameyang broke down. The Gabon international was named as Arsenal's new captain back in 2019 after Granit Xhaka was stripped of the honour by Unai Emery.  When Arteta took charge, he stuck with Aubameyang was the club's captain but there were already grumblings of issues behind the scenes. It all came to a head in December when Aubameyang was punished by the club for another disciplinary breach. After being left out of Arsenal's squad to face Southampton, Aubameyang didn't play for the Gunners again before he left on a free to join Barcelona. At the time, Arteta refused to go into too much detail on how the relationship broke down.  But the 'All or Nothing' series looks set to answer some of those questions with the trailer showing a short clip of Arteta addressing the players in a meeting. He said: "We have decided as a club that he's no longer our captain." The trailer then cuts to Alexandre Lacazette sitting at a table, although it's not clear whether it's the same time as Arteta's speech. The Frenchman simply said: "Wow." Later on in the trailer, there also appears to be a disagreement on the training pitch with players having to be held back from one another. The eight-part docuseries will officially launch on August 4, with episodes 1-3 dropping first. The next episodes will then drop each week through to August 18th, where the final two episodes will be available to watch on Amazon Prime.