“Our homes have very much become our sanctuaries as we live through the current pandemic,” said Natural Health expert, Dr Tim Bond, from Puressentiel. “And while it feels like our own little fortress, the air around us isn’t keeping us quite as safe as we would want.” According to research, indoor air pollution could be taxing on your health. Research by Puressentiel shows that many don’t really think of indoor air pollution as a problem. Their survey shares that four in five don’t worry about the air in their homes, while two-thirds haven’t even heard of indoor air pollution. While inhaling traffic pollutants is an obvious health hazard, indoor air pollution is no better. Dr Bond warned that indoor pollution can be just as “dangerous” as outdoor pollution. READ MORE: Covid symptoms: The ‘early’ sign spotted in 82% of patients - ‘more common’  What’s worse, this dangerous cocktail could leave you with various health problems. The symptoms linked to indoor pollution can include: Plus, some evidence suggests that certain people might be more sensitive to indoor pollutants. Furthermore, many experts believe that improving indoor air quality could help tackle respiratory health issues such as asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). READ MORE: Cancer warning: Popular UK drink can cause 'several types' of cancer - 'strong agreement' Fortunately, Dr Bond recommends “top” five tips which could help purify your air. He said: “Good ventilation is essential, open windows where and when you can to allow air to circulate. “Do be careful though if you live next to a particularly busy road as you may let in more pollution.” If you’re a fan of a nice scented spray, this one might come as a disappointment but the smell isn’t worth risking your wellbeing. “They actually add to the pollutants circulating in the air, so can actually be bad for our wellbeing,” the doctor said. Although cleaning is often a dreaded activity, it can help with the levels of indoor pollution. The doctor said: “Vacuuming and dusting are important – all over the house to remove dust mites. “Pay particular attention to rugs, carpets, and upholstered furniture. Even get the vacuum out to use on the mattress.” If you’re looking for something to replace air fresheners, essential oils could be helpful as they have antibacterial, antiviral and antifungal properties. Although carpets might be more comfortable for your feet, dust and general dirt are generally harder to see on a carpet. So, this swap could make it easier to keep your floors and home clean.