New research led by Paragon Bank found that two out of five savers have been providing financial support to their families due to the cost-of-living crisis. Those over 70-years-old more likely to do so than those in their 40s. This new pressure on savings means getting the best savings rate is vital. Paragon’s savings managing director, Derek Sprawling, said: “High street providers are falling further away from the competitive rates offered by Specialist Banks, creating a polarisation in rates paid. “Most savers will continue to receive far less than they could be. “Better rates, which will do more to protect the value of savings against rising inflation, are available and proactive savers will receive the benefit." READ MORE: Big change to National Insurance means millions will earn more in July Just last month, Moneyfacts outed four savings providers for offering a measly interest rate to their customers. NS&I's Investment Account, for instance, currently offers 0.01 percent. As a result, a saver with £10,000 in an easy access account paying 0.01 percent would make just £1 of interest over 12 months. DON'T MISS:TSB increases interest rates to 2.5% [UPDATE]Dave Ramsey explains how pensioner with £30k can get by in retirement [INSIGHT]State pension age change sees Britons lose £142 per week [ALERT]How much are disability payments and what health conditions qualify? [UPDATE] High street providers are falling further away from the competitive rates offered by smaller, more specialist banks, with most savers receiving far less than they should be. Spokespeople for Barclays and NS&I said they were currently reviewing their savings rates. However, savers can get 300 times more interest if they shop around. Money saving expert founder Martin Lewis recently said: “The best easy access savings account right now is with Chase Bank which pays 1.5 percent." READ MORE: PIP claimants may receive up to £2,000 in Cost of Living support Many high street providers are falling further away from the competitive rates offered by smaller, more specialist banks, with most savers receiving far less than they should be. Spokespeople for Barclays and NS&I said they were currently reviewing their savings rates. However, savers can get 300 times more interest if they shop around. Money saving expert founder Martin Lewis recently said: “The best easy access savings account right now is with Chase Bank which pays 1.5 percent."   Gatehouse Bank has increased the savings rates on its accounts including its 18 Month Fixed Term Woodland Saver which now offers a competitive 2.7 percent. Not only is this one of the most competitive rates currently available, but it could also appeal to savers looking for a green option - every time someone opens a Fixed Term Woodland Saver account, a tree is planted. Eleanor Williams, finance expert said: “It takes a prominent place in our top rate table when compared to other similar bonds currently on offer.”