Carlos Alcaraz is in line to join the Big Four at the Laver Cup following the announcement that Novak Djokovic will be joining Rafael Nadal, Roger Federer and Andy Murray on Team Europe in September. The teenage sensation could be taken under the wing of the Big Four with just two places left on the squad to learn from the most dominant players of the last two decades. Djokovic completed an all-Big Four lineup on Team Europe at the Laver Cup this year when he became the last of the elite group of players to sign up for the Ryder Cup-style event taking place in London’s O2 Arena this September. He joins Nadal, Federer and Murray in what the world No 7 himself called a “truly unique moment in the history of our sport”. With the Big Four all locked in for the squad, it leaves just two places plus an alternate spot for the undefeated Team Europe. And 19-year-old Spaniard Alcaraz could be the next man to add his name to the list of players who will be taking on Team World in the three-day contest. The Laver Cup was co-created by Federer and his TEAM8 agency, including his own agent Tony Godsick, and Godsick previously revealed that there were ongoing talks to sign the world No 6 up for his debut appearance. “Captain Borg would love to have him on the team, as would we,” the Laver Cup boss told the i in May. JUST IN: Ukrainian tennis star shares 'tensions' as Russians fail to decry war   “I know some discussions have taken place. The indication I’ve heard from the team is that he’s excited about learning more. I’m optimistic that he’s going to play.” The incentive now couldn’t be bigger for the five-time title winner to play, as he would be able to count Djokovic, Nadal, Federer and Murray as his teammates and friends for the weekend. The Laver Cup’s unique format sees the teams receive their own designated zone right behind the umpire’s chair and player benches, and allows the players to coach one another mid-match. It has produced great moments between the likes of Federer and Nadal advising each other in matches over the years, and some words of advice from any members of the Big Four could prove invaluable to the man tipped to become the heir to their throne. DON'T MISSDjokovic US Open row spirals as 'absurd' Biden backed into a cornerRussian tennis star Karen Khachanov has hotel room 'robbed'Andy Murray withdraws from tournament to make US Open intention clear   “This is actually one of the reasons why we created it. Tennis was missing an opportunity for different generations to get together once a year,” Godsick added. “I don’t just mean the Rod Lavers and John McEnroes and Borgs to be able to be there, but I also mean exactly as this “Carlos Alcaraz: where or when will this guy who is a future mega superstar on the ATP Tour, who will win multiple slams assuming he doesn’t get hurt, where will he at this stage get a chance to interact and compete with Roger Federer, Rafa Nadal?” 