The Prime Minister announced on Thursday he would quit after he dramatically lost the support of ministers and Conservative MPs, but said he would stay on until his successor was chosen. Bowing to the inevitable as more than 50 government ministers and aides quit and MPs said he must go, Mr Johnson said it was clear his party wanted someone else in charge, but that his forced departure was "eccentric" and the result of "herd instinct" in Parliament. "Today I have appointed a cabinet to serve, as I will, until a new leader is in place," he said outside his Downing Street office where his speech was watched by close allies and his wife Carrie. "I know that there will be many people who are relieved and perhaps quite a few who will also be disappointed. And I want you to know how sad I am to be giving up the best job in the world. But them's the breaks," he added, making no apology for the events that forced his announcement. The move prompted gloating across the EU with Europhiles hoping Mr Johnson's departure will bring the UK closer to the bloc. One EU diplomat told Politico: “I think everybody has … had the same sort of strange schadenfreude feeling about it. It’s been very entertaining. “We’re happy to see him gone.” Belgian MEP and staunch Remainer Guy Verhofstadt also said: "Boris Johnson's reign ends in disgrace, just like his friend Donald Trump. The end of an era of transatlantic populism? Let's hope so. "EU - UK relations suffered hugely with Johnson's choice of Brexit. Things can only get better!" And former EU Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier echoed: "The departure of Boris Johnson opens a new page in relations with the UK. "May it be more constructive, more respectful of commitments made, in particular regarding peace & stability in NI, and more friendly with partners in the EU. READ MORE: Boris MUST be replaced by a Brexiteer Tory MPs warn  "Because there’s so much more to be done together." French Finance Minister Bruno Le Maire said on Friday that the resignation of Bors Johnson demonstrates that populism and Brexit were not a good mix. He said: "It proves, in any case, that Brexit mixed up with populism does not make for a good cocktail." Asked for his reaction to Mr Johnson's decision, Mr Le Maire told France Info radio: "It proves, in any case, that Brexit mixed up with populism does not make for a good cocktail for a nation." "Personally, I won't miss him," he added. "What Boris Johnson will leave behind him, I do not think it will be particularly brilliant," Mr Le Maire also said. Would-be contenders to claim the Tory crown are assessing whether they have the support to mount leadership bids DON'T MISS:Boris Johnson 'will return' to No 10 after penning 'History of Brexit' [INSIGHT]BBC QT: 'Morals of a polecat!' Boris slammed by audience [VIDEO] Ukraine urged to destroy Russia's bridge to Crimea by NATO commander [ANALYSIS] With no clear frontrunner, around a dozen potential candidates - including backbenchers as well as ministers - are thought to be weighing a challenge. Meanwhile there is growing pressure from senior Conservatives for Mr Johnson to immediately step down as Prime Minister and not wait for the election of a new leader. On Friday, newly installed Education Secretary James Cleverly insisted that the process for choosing a new leader will be done "professionally but promptly". Following the tumultuous events in Westminster, some MPs fear a summer of "chaos" if Mr Johnson remains in No 10 while the leadership contest - which could run for weeks or even months - plays out.