Bravo’s hit yachting series Below Deck returned to screens with the season seven premiere of its Mediterranean spin-off. Although fans were excited to see Captain Sandy Yawn make her comeback onboard the superyacht, they were left disappointed by the newest Bosun Raygan Tyler and called for her to be fired from the show.  After the action-packed trailer was released, viewers were looking forward to watching how the brand new faces take to the charter guests and their responsibilities. While there were a couple of familiar faces, season seven welcomed a host of new crew members on board the boat. This included the new Chief Stew Natasha Webb whose leadership skills put her in charge of giving people orders. Chef Dave White also joined the crew this season and was responsible for feeding the demanding guests and keeping their meal times happy.  READ MORE: 'You need to be professional!' Helen Skelton's scolding over blunder Raygan Tyler took over as Bosun, becoming only the second female in her role since the show began in 2016. However, it looked as though she couldn’t live up to the standards Malia White set, as even the guests became annoyed with the new Bosun. Although it isn’t unusual for the affluent charter guests to be slightly annoyed at the staff, the crew would never go out of their way to aggravate them. In fact, they would do almost anything to please the guests to ensure they left a good tip at the end of the charter.  This wasn’t the case for Raygan as she actually angered the primary charter guest Billy. As the deckhands, Mzi Dempers and Storm Smith were in isolation due to COVID-19, Raygan and crew member Jason Gaskell took the responsibility of maintaining the boat and ensuring the safety of those on board. However, it appeared as though Raygan forgot her duties when she left Jason to carry all of Billy’s bags on the yacht himself and went for a cigarette break. Although he initially bit his tongue, fans were furious to see her pass a good chunk of the duties to him as she went and took frequent breaks to smoke. DON'T MISS...Below Deck Med's Captain Sandy speaks out on challenge of change [INSIHT]Below Deck Med’s Captain Sandy shares concerns for season 7 crew [INSIGHT]Below Deck Mediterranean's Malia White’s replacement revealed in promo [INSIGHT]  The angry viewers took to Twitter to express their disgust at Raygan’s lack of teamwork ethic and called for her to be fired. @Lostdogs20 stated: “Thank goodness for Jason, Raygan is no help.” A fuming @EBC9191 added: “Raygan, you suck as a bosun. I hope she is gone in a few charters. Literally the LAZIEST crew member and it’s only episode one!!” @dezireme2 who was in disbelief tweeted: “Is she really taking a cigarette break whilst they’re short two deckhands?”   @Bonesio remarked: “How did she get this job ?! She needs to go! She’s so lazy !!!” While @I_Will_Yeah questioned: “Is Raygan getting a bad edit or is she genuinely lazy af.” Whereas, a wishful @@jus1kecenia wrote: “Raygan seems to be pretty useless. I’m hoping it’s just production and she’s not a waste of space.” To see if she will make it through the entire charter without being fired, fans will have to tune into the weekly episodes. Below Deck Mediterranean is available in the US on Bravo and available in the UK on Hayu. 