Renovation work can cost a lot of money, and it is important for homeowners to see the reflection in their home’s value. ScS has partnered with webuyanyhouse.co.uk to share what to go for when wanting to add value to a home. According to the experts, replacing radiators can add around £10,000 to a home’s value. They explained: “The heating system is one of the most important parts of any property and upgrading radiators can ensure they emit enough heat to keep the room warm, as well as improving appearance. “Free standing, aluminium radiators are perfect for a stylish, modern upgrade to your heating system. “Black or charcoal coloured radiators not only add a classic and chic element to your living room but are also the advised option as they emit the most heat. “This can help to keep the room at a nice and cosy temperature.” READ MORE: ‘Most effective’ 36p natural scent to repel moths from homes in summer According to the experts, improving interior doors can also help to increase property value. In fact, they can increase a home’s value by as much as £7,500. The experts explained: “By upgrading your interior doors, you can create a stylish feel and add to your property value by creating the impression of elegance and luxury. “The addition of single or double sliding doors leading into your living room not only provides more functional and flexible access, but also elevates the style of the room by creating the option of having space and flow throughout the house.” DON'T MISS:‘Simple’ tips to ensure your garden survives the heatwave [COMMENT]Laundry: Clothing items to ‘never’ put in the washing machine [EXPERT]How to stop house flies invading your home - including 80p deterrent [INSIGHT] Kitchens are deemed to be one of the most important rooms of the home, because they are often high traffic areas. While replacing the entire kitchen can be expensive, replacing just the flooring can help to add up to £5,000 to property value. The experts said: “Replacing your kitchen floor can not only update the look and feel of the room but can also provide buyers with the insurance of longevity. “Doing this can result in a clean and comfortable finish, which is practical and affordable. READ MORE: Paint: ‘Dull and unappealing’ colours to avoid when decorating Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “Modern porcelain tiles are an effective way to add value onto the kitchen, as they’re hardwearing, waterproof, stain-resistant and durable.” There are also home improvements which may not add value to a home, including freestanding baths. The experts explained: “Freestanding baths look great in social media posts, but they often come with a lot of practical issues that make them unattractive to buyers. “They are far higher maintenance than normal varieties. “You may need extra room under your floor for additional pipes and plumbing. “If these pipes leak, they can be incredibly expensive to access and can create bad smells.” Gold hardware should also be avoided as they can quickly look stained and marked. According to the experts, these stains can be very noticeable. They added: “It can also be difficult to match it with other features in your home, especially once the gold colour has faded.”