British star Ian Poulter was roundly booed after being introduced on the first tee for the opening round of The Open on Thursday morning. Poulter has faced plenty of backlash for his decision to join the controversial LIV Golf Series. He was originally blocked from playing the Scottish Open earlier this month after LIV golfers were banned from playing by the DP World Tour. All DP World Tour members who competed in any of the two LIV Golf events thus far were also handed £100,000 fines. But Poulter was part of a group of players who competed in the LIV Golf Series who put up a fight and launched a legal challenge against their ban. A hearing before HHJ Sycamore sided with Poulter, Justin Harding and Adrian Otaegui in their bid to play the Scottish Open. LIV golfers have also been banned from playing on the PGA Tour due to their involvement in the controversial new series. At The Open, the likes of Poulter, Phil Mickelson and Bryson DeChambeau had been shunned from the featuerd groups for the opening two rounds. JUST IN: Tiger Woods Open 2022: net worth, girlfriend and children of golf icon  Poulter got his first round underway in the early hours of Thursday morning alongside Jamie Donaldson and Guido Migliozzi. And the Englishman received a hostile reception when he was introduced on the first tee. Loud boos could be heard from the small crowd that had gathered in the early hours of the morning as Poulter stepped up to the tee. And Poulter's round didn't get off to the best starts as he hooked his tee shot wide. The first hole at St Andrews has one of the widest fairways in the world of golf measuring 129 yards. That clearly helped Poulter as he was still able to get up and down for par, but he only just avoided going out of bounds despite the wide fairway.  The 150th Open may well prove to be Poulter's last major for a while though with the sport's governing body discussing a possible suspension for all LIV golfers. Martin Slumbers admitted this week that the R&A are planning to "review our exemptions and qualifications criteria for the Open". And the Daily Mail claim that discussions are also being had on possibly excluding LIV golfers from all four majors next year. The next few weeks may prove crucial for those competing in the LIV Golf Series moving forward. Currently, LIV golf events don't offer official ranking points meaning the likes of Mickelson, DeChambeau and Dustin Johnson have all dropped down the order. While the biggest stars get different exemptions to compete at events like The Open due to their past success at majors, many rely on being ranked inside the top 50 to make the field. But Official World Golf Ranking chairman Peter Dawson confirmed this week that they are now reviewing LIV's application for eligibility with discussions taking place at St Andrews. 