Zara Tindall was christened 41 years ago today in Windsor Castle, which was revealed after video footage appeared on Twitter this evening. Princess Anne could be seen holding her new baby and posing beside her older son, Peter Phillips. Royal fan @princessannehrh tweeted the footage with the caption: “On this day 41 years ago, Zara Phillips was christened at Windsor Castle.  “I love this footage of the day so much, especially Princess Anne giving her babies a squishy hug near the end!” Another fan, @toriaa_h added: “That bear hug melted my heart.” Twitter user @princessannehrh agreed, commenting: “It’s so sweet!” Judi James, a body language expert, analysed the relationship between Princess Anne and Zara Tindall for Express.co.uk. READ MORE: Kate Middleton bans nanny from using certain word around children She said: “This is one of the closest and most functional parent/child relationships in the Royal Family, with signals of mutual respect and empathy. “There are obviously many loving parental blends among the royals. “But with Anne and Zara, there seems to be a meeting of minds at every level. “If you took the weight of the air of royal formality out of Anne’s body language, what you would have left would probably look very much like Zara,” the expert claimed.  How was Anne as a parent? Judi opined: “Anne appears to have given her daughter the freedom she missed out on as a top-tier and very dutiful royal. “Zara seems to have paid her mother back by leading the kind of life Anne might have wanted for herself. “Anne’s gift of freedom has never appeared to have been wasted on Zara and this probably accounts for some of their friendship signals together now,” the expert suggested. READ MORE: Zara Tindall's public persona is 'an insight into the real Anne' What is Zara’s body language like now as a 41-year-old adult? Judi said: “Zara’s body language is unrelentingly upbeat and spontaneous. “She seems to be openly happy and openly emotional whenever we see her in public. “She is tactile and expressive and it is notable that she appears to bring out those qualities in her mother when they are together. “Anne has often looked dour and rather haughty in the past, but with Zara, there are clear links of shared humour and a sense of fun.”  What bonds Anne and Zara together as mother and daughter? Judi claimed: “But the two women also share high levels of success outside the Royal Family, giving both of them what must feel like a certain amount of confidence that they have earned their place in the public eye and the public’s respect. “Both have had amazingly successful careers as Olympic-level riders. “This shared love of horses plus the shared respect for the discipline involved has thrown up many signals of professional as well as parental respect.” 