The Fixed Rate Saver can last between one year and five years, with a maximum rate of 2.93 percent. Customers can hold between £5,000 and £1 million in the account, with interest calculated daily and paid monthly. Interest is also paid on the anniversary of the account opening. The interest rate varies depending on how long the account lasts: READ MORE: Retirement and me: Woman, 67, furious at state pension age changes Rates are fixed until the date that the account matures. This means that for a deposit of £5,000, a saver would get a return of £5,125 after one year, going up to £5,732.50 after five years. Interest is paid to the customer’s nominated account and not added to the Fixed Rate Saver. The account can be set up and managed online, and by contacting the supermarket chain. DON'T MISSLloyds Bank issues warning on scam which may cause ‘serious harm’ [INSIGHT]Prescription warning as you may face £100 fine for errors [ANALYSIS]The £1,000 bonus for 'future prosperity' - climb the property ladder [EXCLUSIVE] Savers must be aged 18 or over and be a UK resident to open a Sainsbury’s Bank account. The minimum amount that customers can deposit in the account is £5,000. This must be invested within 30 days of launching the account to benefit from the interest rate. Deposits can be made by transferring funds from a current account, by cheque or by moving over money from an existing Sainsbury’s Bank account. No more deposits can be made after the first 30 days of the account opening. Customers will not be able to make withdrawals until the fixed rate period ends. Savers will be contacted 14 days before the period has ended to ask what they would like to do with the funds. An individual can then open another account with the group and move the money into this account. Alternatively, the fund can be deposited into a current account held in the person’s name. If the customer does not say what they want to do, the money will be moved to Sainsbury’s Bank’s Reserve Account. Customers cannot switch their Fixed Rate Saver before its maturity date. Savers may need to pay tax on any interest that exceeds the personal savings allowance.