The 19-strong cross-party coalition has written to the Department of Education urging it to act. Children as young as 12 are reportedly being left with red marks on their wrists from the handcuffs which are openly used by some private transportation providers. Under current rules, operators do not have to record or aim to reduce their use of physical restraint.  In other settings, such as in secure children's accommodation, all instances must be logged and monitored.There are no figures on the number of non-custodial children shackled or caged while being transported - for example to care homes, hospitals or family courts. But experts claim the practice is routine among some operators. Former Children's Commissioner Anne Longfield said: "When children go into care it is often following some of the most traumatic experiences any of us could imagine. Children need the best quality support. We need to treat children as we would our own and in no way should we consider shackling or restraining them in this way." Emily Aklan, founder of children's rights campaign Hope Instead of Handcuffs, said: "Every day in the UK some of the most vulnerable children in our society are transported in caged vehicles, physically restrained and even placed in handcuffs and sometimes have their feet strapped. "This is despite the fact they have committed no crime and the fact that the practice has been condemned by the Children's Commissioner, the UN Committee againstTorture and at the UN Convention on the Rights of the Child."  The letter to the DofE states: "To be clear, these are innocent children outside of the custodial system. Frontline secure transportation providers report that children entering their care - some as young as 12 years old - have red marks left on their wrists from the handcuffs being used by other providers. Some providers even advertise that they use handcuffs." Signatories include Labour MPs Sarah Champion, Bell Ribeiro-Addy, Diane Abbott and John McDonnell. Green peer Baroness Jones of Moulsecoomb and Labour Baroness Lister of Burtersett joined them. A DofE spokesman said: "No child or young person should be subjected to any form of restraint unless it is necessary and it must always be used proportionately." Over the past decade there has been a 25 percent increase in children going into care, while funding has been cut by £2.2billion. Last year one in five children - 16,720 - was placed more than 20 miles from home. 