Sue Flood told ITV how she never thought she would fall victim to a scam but ended up losing £250,000 in a sophisticated pension scam. She wants to warn others so they don’t fall for the same tricks. A pensioner appeared on This Morning to warn others after she lost thousands of pounds and nearly had a breakdown after being scammed by fraudsters. Her and her husband were convinced to invest in a pension pot which wasn’t what its seemed. I turns out 10.000 people are scammed out of their pension money every year. Now she want to warn others so they don't fall for the same tricks. READ MORE: Rare 50p coin sells for hundreds on eBay - Royal Mint 10 rarest coins Fraud now accounts for more than a third (39 percent) of all crime, according to the Victims Commissioner. Estimates from the Crime Survey for England and Wales (CSEW) showed there were 4.6 million fraud offences in the year ending March 2021. This compares to 3 million incidents of theft and 1.6 million incidents of violent crime. Things got worse during the pandemic and it hasn't stopped there. DON'T MISSPensioners could secure 10 key freebies to help with rising costs [UPDATE]Dragons' Den: 'Most successful product' signs £25m deal in 3 months [INSIGHT]Nadhim Zahawi urged to free Britons from £6bn pension tax burden [WARNING]Universal Credit: 25 things you could get for free in July [ALERT] Exrpress journalist Jackie Annett has witnessed the "scamdemic" first hand. She said: "My Facebook profile ought to put scammers off - if you look closely it clearly says I’m a journalist at Express.co.uk and I run a personal finance blog called Broke in Bristol (& beyond)." " But scammers will go to the ends of the earth to try and scam people out of their hard earned cash, no matter who they are. Although the fraudster wasn’t asking me for money to release my winnings, they wanted me to share my address details which can be used to take out loans and credit cards, throwing people into thousands of pounds worth of debt. Fraud now accounts for more than a third (39 percent) of all crime according to figures from the Crime Survey for England and Wales (CSEW) for 2021. I’m not surprised in the least, as this isn’t the only occasion this year I have been approached by scammers. Last year I put my campervan and an iPhone 11 up for sale on eBay and Facebook Marketplace which is when I witnessed first hand the scale of the scamdemic in the UK. Within the space of a few days, more than ten people tried to scam me for the phone – and four people attempted to scam me over the campervan. Initially, I’ll admit I was a little amused as I thought to myself “you’re trying to scam the wrong person here”. Amusement soon turned to annoyance and eventually fear of what some of these people might stoop to, in order to get their hands on goods that are worth hundreds or thousands of pounds. At one point scammers were offering to send a courier to my doorstep to pick up the keys to my campervan. That’s when the reality that I could be in danger hit home. People can report scams to Action Fraud on 0300 123 2040.