Safety is a top priority for British tourists when it comes to booking a holiday. A study has found the safest cities in the world for women. READ MORE: ‘Just say no’ Cruise passengers expose common port scam The safest city in the world for women is Amsterdam, the capital city of the Netherlands. The team at Uswitch used data from a CEO World study which looked at important factors such as the sense of security and women’s inclusion in society. A spokesperson said: “Known for its artistic heritage, elaborate canal system and narrow houses, Amsterdam takes the top spot for the best place for female solo backpackers to visit.” The city has many top tourist attractions and this summer visitors can cool off with a walk in Amsterdam’s Vondelpark. One visitor wrote on Tripadvisor: “This is a really nice park to stroll or bike through. It’s beautiful and has a lot of areas to rest in.” Another tourist said: “I live in New York City, so this park reminds me of Central Park, only it’s cleaner, safer and has less crowds.” Travellers could also sample a Dutch stroopwafel, a tasty thin waffle cookie filled with caramel. Visitors can also enjoy a canal ride or rent a bike to enjoy a stunning bike ride through the canal city. READ MORE: Spain, Portugal, Greece, France - Covid holiday travel rules The second safest city in the world for women travellers was Trondheim in Norway. Norway scores highly when it comes to safety as the country has a low crime rate and ranks well when it comes to gender equality. In central Norway, the city has a pretty Old Town as well as an incredible musical museum which showcases instruments from around the world. Tourists could even explore Trondheim by kayak or on a sightseeing tour to enjoy a sunset from the water. Copenhagen was the final city in the top three as the Danish capital has very low crime rates. Italy could also be a great destination for women travellers with three of its major cities making the top 10. Paris and Berlin also scored highly and both are an easy trip from the UK with budget flights available from most major airports. Toronto was the only city outside of Europe to rank in the top 10 and has low levels of crime and many top tourist attractions.