Virgin River fans have binged their way through season four on Netflix and they have plenty of questions about Denny (played by Kai Bradbury). Denny is Doc's (Tim Matheson) grandson who came to find out more about his family after his father died. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the mystery behind Ryan Cutler. Virgin River fans were suspicious of the new character Denny after he came in search of Doc. Doc's private life before Hope (Annette O'Toole) had not been touched on until this point and viewers had a lot to learn. They found out Doc had been in a relationship with a woman called Rose Miller, who he presumed had died. However, she was still alive and had a son, meaning Vernon had been the father. Rose's son gave birth to Denny, making him Doc's biological grandson. READ MORE: What happened to Paige on Virgin River? Denny explained to Doc how he only lived with his grandma as both his parents were dead. He said his father died fairly recently, from an illness, and Doc never got to meet him. Later in the season, Lizzie found some medication in Denny's drawer, it was a bottle of Klonopin with the name Ryan Cutler on the bottle. By the end of the series, viewers discovered Denny was battling terminal Huntington's Disease. This is a hereditary condition, meaning it would have been passed down by his parents. With this in mind, it appears Ryan Cutler was the name of Denny's father. Ryan is likely to have had Huntington's Disease and the condition ultimately resulted in his premature death. Ryan, as Denny's biological father, has seemingly passed the condition on to Denny. Denny told Lizzie he had been taking the medication for anxiety as he was still coming to terms with his father's passing. However, it transpires he was taking it to control the symptoms of Huntington's Disease. DON'T MISS... Who is Stacie in Virgin River? [INSIGHT] Who bailed Brady out in Virgin River season 4? [EXPLAINER] What is wrong with Denny in Virgin River season 4? [INSIGHT] Viewers may never see Ryan as he died a month before Denny came to Virgin River. Denny got an insurance payout after his father's death, which he used to pay off Doc's clinic's mortgage. This way, Denny formed a connection between Ryan and Doc - the father he never met. Denny had been taking his father's pills himself as the drug is used to prevent and control seizures and panic attacks by calming the brain and nerves. There is a chance fans may meet Ryan through flashbacks in the upcoming fifth season. If Doc tries to find out more about Denny's family history, he may appear in memories from the past. There is a chance Doc could go in pursuit of Rose to try and get some answers. His former college flame may have photos of her son Ryan, and she could show Doc what their son used to look like. Fans will have to wait and see whether Doc and Denny's family history is explained in season five.  Virgin River seasons 1-4 are on Netflix now. Season 5 is in production.