An Open Championship week which started with Jack Nicklaus’ tears as he was made an honorary citizen of the Royal Burgh of St Andrews and continued with Tiger Woods’ tears as he left the Old Course ended with the tears of Rory McIlroy. His final-round mugging at the hands of Australian assassin Cameron Smith must have left McIlroy thinking he is cursed never to win another Major. Maybe he is. Maybe four is feted to be his number. In the eight years since he won the USPGA at Valhalla 23 golfers have won Majors - the vast majority of them inferior players to McIlroy. He has played some outstanding golf in the big events this year and finished in the top ten in all of them yet every time victory has eluded him. He looked crestfallen on the final green on Sunday. He had looked out from the balcony of his hotel room across the 18th fairway before his round and pictured a very different look to the giant yellow scoreboard. “I'm only human. I'm not a robot. Of course you think about it, and you envision it - you want to envision it. You’ve got to let yourself dream,” he said. “Every time I went out I was trying to envision McIlroy as the top name on that leaderboard and how would that feel? At the start of the day, it was at the top, but at the start of tomorrow, it won't be.” The huge galleries shoehorned into St Andrews shared his pain. They had come in their droves in the hope of witnessing a McIlroy triumph. By the turn that hope had turned to expectation as Viktor Hovland’s retreat left McIlroy with a two-shot lead. But one group ahead, the dingo from Down Under was closing in. As the searing heat of the Smith blowtorch began to be felt all over the parched Old Course there should have been a fire risk warning. When Smith made it an incredible five birdies in a row at the 14th the Northern Irishman was suddenly behind. As the holes slipped by and McIlroy continued to tread water the Old Course took on a degree of desperation. By the 18th, after yet another birdie putt had slipped by at the Road Hole, McIlroy was in Hail May territory. He needed a chip-in eagle to take the Open to a play-off and with the crowds packing the 18th fairway behind, a thundering roar of support swelled around him as he lined up the shot. But with his father Gerry looking down from the hotel balcony, McIlroy was unable to pull a rabbit from the hat. The sense of anti-climax and deflation all around was palpable. McIlroy had broken unwanted ground in becoming the first player with the final round lead in a Major to hit every green in regulation and still not win. His putter deserved a burial at sea in St Andrews Bay. Smith joins a blue-chip membership including the likes of Bobby Jones, Seve Ballesteros, Nick Faldo, Woods and Nicklaus at St Andrews Open winners. As Nicklaus once said: “If you're going to be a player people will remember, you have to win the Open at St Andrews.” McIlroy had his chance to join the golfing immortals. He just could not take it.