The police deserve our support, and we are enormously grateful for the work that they do. But that does not mean they should be above criticism. Ms Truss believes some chief constables are failing to come down hard on criminals, and many people will agree. That will include, for example, householders who report a burglary only to be told that no police officer is available to visit their property. Official figures show that more criminals are getting away with it than ever before. As we reported last week, just one in every 18 crimes that is committed now leads to a formal charge. Proposals include setting a target to cut serious crime by 20 per cent, league tables for each police force and measures to hold chief constables of under-performing forces to account. The plans set out by Ms Truss will make it clear that there is simply no room for complacency. She will also ensure police are focusing on real crimes, rather than adjudicating debates on social media where no offence has been committed. As she says, tackling criminals benefits society in many ways. Communities are more prosperous when our streets are safer. There can be no ifs or buts. Police must solve more crimes. Russian dictator Vladimir Putin is using energy supplies to wage economic war on Europe. He hopes to blackmail critics into ending support for Ukraine. Mr Putin would undoubtedly be happy to see anyone he regards as an enemy suffer a cold winter, bringing industry to a standstill as well. But he has once again miscalculated, as opposition to his doomed invasion appears steadfast. His actions, however, highlight the need for the West and the entire world to end its dependence on Russian gas and oil. The sooner we do this, the sooner the war in Ukraine will end and Mr Putin will be unable to threaten anyone else. Fish and chips are a staple part of our diet. So ingrained are they in our culture that they were one of the few foods to escape rationing in the Second World War. Now it has emerged that up to half of Britain’s fish and chip shops could close, due to soaring energy bills and the rising cost of ingredients. We need to save our chippies – even if that means spending an extra quid or two. In these difficult times, it’s important to allow yourself the odd treat so get out there and enjoy some fish and chips.