The Labour leader joined Good Morning Britain hosts Ed Balls and Charlotte Hawkins on the ITV show to discuss his party's stance on several issues amid the Tory leadership race between Rishi Sunak and Liz Truss. However, rather than clarifying to the public his take on the major talking points, Starmer was accused of coming across as "pointless", with viewers claiming they learned "nothing" from his interview and some even "switching off".  Stamer was asked to clear up the Labour party's plans regarding the nationalisation of rail, mail, energy and water. ITV host Balls pointed out: "You were making a speech about growth and the economy, but before that your Shadow Chancellor said there wasn't space within your fiscal rules for spending billions of pounds on nationalising things." He added: "That doesn't stack up. Later in the day, the Transport Shadow Secretary said that you are committed to nationalising rail," before asking: "What happened yesterday and what is the party's position?" "Well, Ed, obviously yesterday I was making a big speech about growth," Starmer replied. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan 'not showing love' claims royal author Levin "And I'll say a bit more about that in a moment if I may. "But on this question of what would we do about those big sectors where the is market failing - energy would be an example of that, rail has obviously been a failed market which is why we're in the situation we're in. "My approach is really to be pragmatic about it rather than ideological which is to say, 'It was a broken market, in what way can that market be mended?' "If it can be mended with regulation then that is a route we could go down. "We've got in place quite strong fiscal rules because I think it's very important for a Labour Party going into the election - you'll understand this, Ed, to be credible on the economy." Starmer continued: "So fiscal rules about how much everything will cost. "I would just say that whilst a pragmatic approach is really driving me on this, rail is a bit of an outlier because obviously large parts are already in public ownership." He went on to explain more about his pragmatic proposals, but viewers weren't convinced by his argument and took to Twitter to complain. DON'T MISS... Vera's Aiden Healy star sparks frenzy as he shares hospital snap [THEORY]UK confirmed to host Eurovision 2023 [LATEST]Call The Midwife's Cliff Parisi feels 'very lucky' over new scripts [VIDEO] Twitter user @BRUMSTOKIE fumed: "I have never heard the word pragmatic used so many times in one interview!! But I guess he's #Pragmatic about it! #Starmer #GMB!" @IckieBickie penned: "Labour need a Left Wing Leader before any General Election!  #gmb #StarmerOut." @WarrenPeace_75 added: "#GMB Imagine if Keir Starmer had an ounce of personality or charisma...." "#GMB #GoodMorningBritain #Starmer must have spent ages working on these long-winded platitudes! "Learned nothing from this interview. Pointless," @hooray_k shared. @Longhaired17 argued: "Kier saying nothing much as usual and being allowed to waffle on!  #GMB." (sic) @UnInterlocutor added: "Keir Starmer laying out his "I have no ideology" platform there. The man can't even complete a sentence before I switch off. A total zero. #GMB." @drunpleasant fumed: "Car crash stuff from Starmer. How is he so bad at this? The man is a QC. #gmb." Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV.