The royal couple were hosting guests from the French luxury jewellery company Van Cleef & Arpels in support of the Princess Grace Foundation. The Foundation, based in the US, supports emerging performers in theatre, dance and film through the provision of grants, awards, scholarships and fellowships.  Pictures of the gathering were shared on Instagram, with the caption: “LL. A. SS. Prince Albert and Princess Charlene received, in the gardens of the Prince Palace, a few guests from the Van Cleef & Arpels House for a cocktail. Guests were able to discover the new Alhambra creations in support of the Princess Grace Foundation-USA." Many royal fans commented on the social media site to express their joy at seeing the Princess. User @zana.gc wrote: “Princess Charlene too cute.”  Another user @mrg0615 posted: “Exquisite beloved Princess Charlene!!!”, followed by plenty of emojis. User @ladyghys commented: “The Princess is so beautiful” with a red love heart emoji. Another user @solangecoiffier said: “You are beautiful Princess Charlene.”  READ MORE: Kate and Camilla formed strong bond over ‘being outsiders' to Royals While user @braud.florence shared: “@hshprincess Charlene you are stunning” also followed by a red love heart emoji. The Princess of Monaco also recently delighted tourists visiting the Palace on Monday when she joined their group, giving hugs and posing for photos. Charlene, who is mum to seven-year-old twins Prince Jacques and Princess Gabriella, accompanied the tour group through the Grand Apartments and Hall of Europe.  DON'T MISS:Kemi Badenoch called to step down by Lord Frost [UPDATES]Putin humiliated as Biden’s rockets help Ukraine [LATEST]GB News: 'She needs to move on!' Panellists clash over Sturgeon [ANALYSIS] The Princess has made several public outings since she returned to royal life earlier this year, reported People magazine. She was taken ill in May 2021 while visiting her home country South Africa and was unable to return to Monaco for many months. She opened up in a recent interview with Monaco Matin: “My state of health is still fragile, and I don't want to go too fast. “The road has been long, difficult and so painful. Today I feel calmer.” 