Vladimir Putin's Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov has embarked on a four-country tour of Africa. During his visit, Mr Lavrov made assurances to Egypt which made a cast-iron commitment to Russian grain supplies. Egypt, which is one of the world's top importers of wheat, purchased 80 percent of its wheat from Russia and Ukraine in 2021. However, Cairo has been left torn between its ties with Moscow and Kyiv since Putin launched his invasion of the ex-Soviet state in February. After holding talks in the Egyptian capital with Foreign Minister Sameh Shoukry, Lavrov said: "We confirmed the commitment of Russian exporters of cereal products to meet their orders in full. "We discussed … cooperation in this area, agreed on further contacts, and have a common understanding of the causes of the grain crisis." JUST IN: Putin humiliated as ‘all four Russian cruise missiles’ launched towards key area destroyed Following Putin's invasion of Ukraine, Russia's Black Sea fleet imposed a blockade against the ports in the area. According to the Guardian, the war has even prompted the United Nations to declare an additional 47 million people are facing “acute hunger”. However, the Kremlin has blamed the blockade on Ukrainian mines. Lavrov's tour of Africa will also see the Russian Foreign Minister visit Uganda, Ethiopia and Congo in a bid to rally support in the continent for Moscow. He has also penned a piece in four African papers which indicate the Kremlin rejects responsibility for the food crisis. Lavrov instead hailed the "independent path" taken by African countries in the face of Western sanctions against Russia. He also claimed there had been "undisguised attempts of the US and their European satellites to gain the upper hand and impose a unipolar world order". Mr Lavrov's visit also comes as Kyiv warned grain exports would not restart as hoped. DON'T MISS:  Chechen rebels prepare to topple key Putin ally as civil war looms [REVEALED] Putin has 'no chance' of Ukraine win - War 'last step' for despot [INSIGHT] Putin humiliated: Russian troops flee tanks after Ukraine strike [SPOTLIGHT] Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky even accused the Kremlin of "barbarism" after a missile attack in Odesa. The attack came just hours after a landmark deal was signed to resume grain exports.