Richard Coles was talking about his new book, Murder Before Evensong, but the Good Morning Britain hosts were keen to hear how he was doing following the death of his spouse in 2019. As the reverend spoke about coping with grief, Ben Shephard said he has struggled recently following the death of a friend. Ben began: “I lost a very close friend recently, a really big shock out of the blue. “It was another friend who said grief is a bit like a wave. It hits you suddenly and then it dissipates. “Then it comes back out of nowhere and it hits you again.” The Good Morning Britain presenter continued: “That’s certainly something I experience. READ MORE: Stranger Things season 4 volume 2 release time: What time is it out? “There will be a little moment when all of a sudden I’m floored by a picture that comes up or a tune that suddenly comes on the radio that reminds me of my friend we lost so dramatically. “And, I’m stuck in that grief, well, not stuck in the grief but in the middle of that grief, in the rawness.” Kate asked the reverend: “Do you still feel that with your loss?” “Yeah, I mean, at first what you think is this is something you want to get over, as if it’s a cold,” Richard replied. “But it’s not a cold, it’s much more like losing a limb so it’s something you’ve got to get used to living with and that means you’re going to limp forever, so life will be different.” Ben’s admission comes after he revealed his wife Annie is often “annoyed” by his relationship with his mum. On Thursday’s Good Morning Britain, the panel were discussing comments made by Pope Francis that mothers should stop spoiling their son. Ben waded in and shared: “My wife with my boys does look after them and spoils them and does everything for them and my mum probably does that for me. DON'T MISS...Truss savages Ecclestone's Putin defence ‘Absolutely extraordinary'  [VIDEO]GMB fans hit back as guest slams Royal spending 'They help more!' [WATCH]Bernie Ecclestone sparks GMB outrage after Putin defence [REACTON] “I know Annie gets annoyed about my mum and my relationship and me being spoiled my mum and I can see it with her and our boys.” Co-host Kate added she has become guilty of spoiling her young son Billy. “I think it's interesting what you say Ingrid about the fact that parents who do it are perhaps making up for something, I think I might be guilty of this with my son,” she explained. “I think one of the reasons why is it feels like the more he grows up, there's so many complicated things that you can't fix for them. “So when they say, 'I'm hungry, cook me a meal or where's my shirt?' It feels like something I can fix and mother them a bit.” Kate added: “It feels like I dunno, it's just a way of sort of protecting them in terms of the things I can't protect them from." Good Morning Britain airs weekdays on ITV from 6am.