Max Verstappen spun during qualifying at the British Grand Prix as the Dutchman was caught out by the wet conditions. The Red Bull star lost control of his car at Stowe corner, pirouetting 360-degrees on his first flying lap. It appeared the Red Bull star simply carried too much speed around the fast right-hander as he lost control of the car. However, the issue didn’t end the Dutchman's qualifying hopes as there was still plenty of time to get another lap in. But, Verstappen appeared to struggle in the damp conditions, running wide at the Vale corner on the next lap. Instead of doing two one-lap runs as usual in Q3, the drivers stayed out and continuously lapped to keep the temperature in their tyres. The Dutchman had topped the timesheets throughout the opening part of qualifying but was unable to string it together in Q3. READ MORE: British Grand Prix: Police investigate as two hospitalised by fight Verstappen continued to struggle in the worsening conditions and then went on to make a mistake on his final lap. The error stopped him from challenging the Ferrari of Carlos Sainz who was on provisional pole. The Spaniard secured his first pole position of his F1 career while Verstappen will only start the race from second on the grid. Verstappen said the session was a "tricky qualifying" in the changeable conditions, claiming drivers needed to be on the track "at the right time" to benefit.  However, he did not write off his chances for tomorrow as he revealed the Red Bull would have the pace to challenge tomorrow. He explained: "It was quite a tricky qualifying, with the rain. It was raining, drying, so you had to be on the track at the right time. I think overall the car was working really well. DON'T MISSGeorge Russell serves ice cream and drives black cab at British GP [PICS]Toto Wolff declares 'really enjoy the controversy' amid porpoising row [ANALYSIS]Racing driver banned from entering UK for British GP  [INSIGHT]  "In Q3 it’s always a bit of a lottery sometimes, when you have to put the fastest lap in. I got a bit hindered on my final lap with the yellow flag unfortunately, but I think still to be on the front row is very good for us and we have a good race car in the dry and the wet." Christian Horner claimed Verstappen could have still challenge for pole had it not been for a late spin from Charles Leclerc during the final qualifying runs. He said: "Charles (Leclerc) had what looked like a half-spin, Max lifted for the yellow and I think he gave up about three or four-tenths for it."