Within minutes of the result today where Rishi Sunak was an uncomfortable winner on 137 with Liz Truss squeaking into the run-off in second place on 113 votes, members of Team Penny Mordaunt were on the phone saying their candidate had been robbed. Indeed with 105 votes had just four MPs switched from Truss to Mordaunt then it would have been a different result. For most neutral observers, Ms Mordaunt had fought by far the most positive and eye-catching campaign. While she had not sparkled in debates, her speeches had electrified supporters and her social media clips had made her look like a potential Prime Minister. Throughout the contest she had held on to second spot until the very final crucial round. And while her message congratulating her rivals and thanking her team seemed heartfelt enough, there was no hiding a seething fury among her supporters. One veteran MP told me: “I’ve seen nothing like it in all my years in politics. “The poison thrown at Penny has been appalling and completely unfair.” One of her team members added: “There was obviously a surprise that she was doing so well and then somebody made the decision to get her.” Another MP supporter: “If they think that this will bring the party together, the smear attack on Penny will not easily be forgotten or forgiven.” A number of ministers and ex-ministers came out and through the kitchen sink at her including Lord Frost, whose word carries a lot of with Brexiteers, and her boss at the Department for International Trade Anne-Marie Trevelyan. One person close to the campaign said: “Anne-Marie was just jealous. She couldn’t catch a good headline and Penny was the belle of the department with the good lines and the cut through.” Another news title as well had been running a series of articles leading some supporters to suggest it had “been blacklisted.” READ MORE: Former Boris adviser says he found Rishi ‘difficult’ and backs Truss But the sense of anger in Team Mordaunt is replicated in other parts of the party as well in a contest which while short has been full of accusations of skullduggery. This started with the supporters of Attorney General Suella Braverman with many of them convinced that Michael Gove ran Kemi Badenoch’s insurgent campaign to split the right of the party. Both Gove and Badenoch have publicly denied this but the sense of suspicion remains embedded and is eating away at party unity like a poison. Meanwhile, the antics of the Rishi Sunak camp have not gone unnoticed. Claims that his team led by former Chief Whip Gavin Williamson were tactically moving votes around to help him get through more easily seemed odd but not unbelievable. He also could not shake off the claim that Dominic Cummings was helping his campaign, despite repeated denials. Sunak himself was also subjected to a sustained smear campaign. DON'T MISS My prediction is that Boris WILL make a comeback and here is how [INSIGHT] Have your say: Do you think Boris should come back as PM? [REACT] Tory fightback on! 3 point boost for Conservatives - POLL [REVEAL] But worst of all were the TV debates which were so bad that Tory MPs begged the candidates to stop doing them. It was a dream for Labour who literally produced a small film just with quotes from the candidates tearing each other apart and ripping into their own Conservative Government. First there was Badenoch suggesting that Mordaunt was a liar about her trans policy. Badenoch also claimed Sunak ignored her when she raised issues of corruption with covid contracts. Worst of all was the Truss and Sunak show where they attacked each other with gusto over economic policy and taxation. “They literally did Labour’s job for them,” said one despairing Tory MP. Another added: “All they ensured was that none of them have any credibility.” Now that Truss/ Sunak show is set to be rolled out over the summer with at least two TV debates and a host of hustings. “Nobody thinks this is going to be positive,” one MP noted. At the start of the contest a lot of MPs laughed when Jeremy Hunt on the left of the party got together with Esther McVey on the right. Their message was that a fractured party needed to be united with a broad ticket. That pitch was rejected in round one but it may be that Hunt and McVey were simply ahead of their time. In Sunak against Truss the Tories have the Remainer establishment versus the Brexiteer right. The loser at the end of it will be even more unhappy than Team Mordaunt was today.