Chelsea target Wesley Fofana is happy at Leicester, according to reports. Fofana is the latest defender to be linked with a move to Stamford Bridge but a deal appears difficult to complete. Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel is in the market for at least one more centre-back this summer. He has brought in Kalidou Koulibaly from Napoli but lost Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen at the end of their contracts. Jules Kounde was a top target but has since joined Barcelona from Sevilla. Meanwhile, Paris Saint-Germain star Presnel Kimpembe and Manchester City's Nathan Ake look set to be staying at their respective clubs. Fofana is now reported to be a target for Tuchel. But The Athletic says the 21-year-old is happy at the King Power Stadium. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd offered Chelsea target, De Jong latest, Newcastle negotiations  Leicester want £85million for Fofana, which would usurp the £80m they received for Harry Maguire in 2019. The Frenchman has a contract with the Foxes until 2027 and remains a key part of Brendan Rodgers' plans. Chelsea would likely have to make an offer near Leicester's valuation to have a chance of completing a deal. Former Blues left-back Scott Minto claimed earlier this week the asking price is "too much" and Tuchel should look elsewhere. Fofana joined Leicester from Saint-Etienne in 2020. He has missed a large chunk of action due to injury, with a fractured fibula last August keeping him out until this March. Meanwhile, Kounde was a player Chelsea had been keen on since at least last summer. Sevilla director of football claimed this week that a deal was done with the Blues before they started to have doubts. DON'T MISSNeville reacts to Arsenal criticism with savage comment on Arteta's sideWright and Scott in stitches as 8-year-old England fan given Russo giftChelsea have new 'top target' after Leipzig reject swap deal bid for Gvardiol  Monchi said: "On Thursday night Kounde was ‘sold’ to Chelsea, for a fee accepted by all parties. They began to have doubts and pulled out. "Due to situations that arise sometimes, no matter how long you've been in this world, there was some movement at Chelsea that made them doubt whether they needed a player with Kounde's profile. There were more suitors for Kounde at the beginning of the market than at the end, and above all, the one who has stayed is Chelsea, who in the last month have kept us busy and negotiating to the point that last Thursday we reached a verbal agreement and so did the player. "Football never ceases to surprise you. Chelsea began to have doubts and pulled out. They didn't doubt Jules' quality but his place within the squad." 