The Duke of Sussex is pursuing a new life across the pond with Meghan Markle after quitting royal duties. But columnist Daniela Elser said there is "one thing" that Harry "just will not – or perhaps cannot – do" which is "move on". The royal commentator highlighted his legal action against the Home Office over a decision not to allow him to pay for police protection for his family while in the UK, while his tell-all memoir is also due out later this year. Writing for the New Zealand Herald, Ms Elser said: "For all that Harry and Meghan are forging a new life in California, he still seems unable to let go of the hurts and trials of the past. "Despite having two adorable kidlets, hundreds of millions of dollars set to come in, according to the deals the Sussexes' inked in 2020, a whopping mansion (the first property he has ever independently owned) and all the bike-riding spare time a man could want, he still seems intent on litigating (literally and figuratively) the slings and arrows of his former life." The royal commentator urged the Duke to "choose to look forward and not eternally back". She said: "Harry is currently forging a life of his very own making, one built on his hopes and aspirations and is raising his family with Meghan far away from the hoopla and rules of royalty and he has given up so much to have the freedom to do all of this. "Choose happiness. Choose joy. Choose to look forward and not eternally back." Ms Elser's comments come after the latest hearing at the High Court in London last Thursday. The Duke is challenging the February 2020 decision of the Executive Committee for the Protection of Royalty and Public Figures (Ravec) after being told he would no longer be given the "same degree" of personal protective security when visiting Britain. A representative for the Duke previously said he wants to bring his children over from the US but they are "unable to return to his home" because it is too dangerous. Harry and Meghan lost their taxpayer-funded police protection in the UK after Megxit. The couple quit royal duties in March 2020 for new lives of personal and financial freedom in America. They are now living in Montecito with their two children Archie, three, and Lilibet, one. Harry and Meghan returned to Britain with Archie and Lili for the first time since Megxit for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. They made their first public appearance alongside the Windsors in two years at the service of thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral. However they kept a low profile during the bank holiday weekend and were absent from many of the events.  It comes after they made a series of bombshell claims about the monarchy in their Oprah Winfrey interview in March 2021. And the royals are likely to be bracing for Harry's memoir which is due to be published later this year. The Duke previously said he was penning the book "not as the prince I was born but as the man I have become". 