Flowers and plants need plenty of water throughout the summer months to help keep them alive. The only means of drawing up water and nutrients from the soil is through their roots, meaning a proper watering routine is essential when the weather is hot. With the UK experiencing scorching temperatures, gardening experts have shared the best time to water the garden, and it’s not in the morning. Gardening experts at Sutton Manor Nursery said: “It is incredibly important to water new plants in the dryer summer months. “However, it is also incredibly important that you do not overwater these plants. “Overwatering your plant will cause the roots of the plants to be suffocated and not able to get any air. “It is hugely important to water all of your plants, however, it is especially important to water your newer plants as they are more susceptible to the hot and dry conditions of the summer months and are far more vulnerable than trees that have stood for some time.” READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans share 29p hack to remove limescale from shower hoses In the first week that a plant is planted, the experts recommended watering daily unless there is any rainfall. In the second week, it is vital new plants are watered every other day. The experts added: “Beyond this, you should water all of your plants around two to three times a week. “It is important to let the top two inches of soil dry out between each time that you water to make sure that you are not overwatering and therefore suffocating the roots of the plant.” DON'T MISS:Kate Middleton’s homes before and after becoming Duchess [PICTURES]Mrs Hinch fans share £1 hack to ‘repel’ spiders as they enter homes [COMMENT]‘Incompatible’ crops which ‘don’t mix well’ in the garden [INSIGHT] While many gardeners water their garden in the morning, the gardening experts advised against this. They explained: “You should always water your plants at dusk in the summer months. “This is when the temperature is a lot cooler which will allow the water to soak down into the soil, making sure that it stays moist for longer.” “Watering plants in peak heat will mean that a lot of the water will not fully soak into the soil as it will evaporate due to the heat.” READ MORE: Laundry: Clothing items to ‘never’ put in the washing machine This also goes for watering the lawn. The gardening experts added: “As previously stated it is incredibly important to keep on top of the watering of your plants over the summer months as it is not uncommon to go through a prolonged period of dry weather. “This is because during the summer the high temperatures mean that the soil dries up and therefore means that the plant finds it far more difficult to absorb water from the soil.” Watering during the day can also burn the plants, leaving yellow patches across the leaves. When it comes to watering, gardeners should use rain water if possible. This can be done by collecting it in a water butt. Plants much prefer rain water as it isn’t cold or chlorinated, and it is also much better for the environment. Watering the roots and base is the best practice, avoiding the flowers and leaves.