The amount the UK owes in interest on its debt is 53 percent, or £10.3billion, higher than it was a year ago, according to data by the Office for National Statistics (ONS) released yesterday. As around a quarter of the debt is indexed to the Retail Price Index (RPI), present record-breaking inflation is responsible for £16.7billion of the £19.4billion in interest owed. As UK public sector debt exceeded 96 percent and the Government continues to borrow, tax cut promises by both Liz Truss and Rishi Sunak could prove impossible to deliver.  The UK economy may have recovered, but the legacy of the coronavirus pandemic lingers in public finances: the Government is committed to more spending on the NHS, levelling-up and the military, in sharp contrast to the austerity measures of a decade ago. No 10 brought in £70.5billion in June, £7.9billion more than a year prior, of which tax receipts amounted to £51.4billion, increasing £5.1billion from last June, in part thanks to the hike in the National Insurance rate earlier this year. According to the ONS, Government current expenditure was £86billion, up £9billion on the year principally due to the sharp increase in debt interest payable. As a result, net borrowing for the public sector – of which the Government forms the largest share – came to £22.9billion in June 2022, £15.6billion more before the pandemic in June 2019.  The record 9.4 percent inflation posted this week, and the 11 percent peak forecast by the Bank of England in the autumn, proves a double-edged sword for Government finances. As goods get more expensive, consumers pay more VAT, boosting income to HMRC. But around a quarter of the UK’s debt is index-linked to the RPI – a predecessor to the Consumer Price Index (CPI) more commonly quoted today – meaning the interest owed is pulled upwards by inflation. According to the ONS, 86 percent of what the Government owed in interest in June was attributable to inflation.  READ MORE: Rich Rishi Sunak could pose a 'risk' to the Tory Party, expert warns After post-war-high borrowing during the pandemic, and as the Government strove to keep the economy afloat as output collapsed, continued budget deficits have pushed the UK’s debt ratio – the amount of public debt to GDP – to 96.1 percent, its highest level since the early Sixties in June 2022. Public sector net debt stood at £2,387.6billion at the end of last month, an increase of £183billion in a year, according to the ONS. Despite these figures, the UK is hardly the worst-off in comparison to counterparts on the continent. French public debt reached 114.5 percent of GDP in the first quarter of 2022, resulting in freshly re-elected president Emmanuel Macron drawing the ire of opponents in the National Assembly last month. In Italy, as the government led by former president of the European Central Bank Mario Draghi crumbled on Wednesday, fears over what political instability and an interest rate increase might mean for the Eurozone’s second most indebted state are worrying investors.  DON'T MISS:Liz Truss husband: How Hugh O'Leary forgave racy affair with Tory MP [EXCLUSIVE]Energy crisis lifelines: Millions of Britons can slash bills by £1,878 [REVEAL]Michael Schumacher health update: Where is Michael Schumacher now? [INSIGHT]The Control Room fans question BBC licence fee after ‘awful’ series [OPINION]  With the tax burden on British households at its highest since Clement Attlee’s post-war Government and a cost-of-living crisis raging, contenders for the Conservative leadership have been keen to guarantee cuts. However, with public finances in such a delicate state, Boris Johnson’s successor will face a difficult trade-off in the months ahead. Commenting on the public sector finance figures yesterday, Danni Hewson, AJ Bell financial analyst, said: “It’s clear there is not a huge amount of wiggle room for the pair hoping to jump into the hot seat at Number 10. “And as temperatures drop and energy prices deliver yet another unwelcome shock in the autumn there will be increased pressure to do more to help households. “Giveaways will be popular with voters and party members alike, but they’ll need to be carefully costed.”  The fourth ballot of Conservative MPs on Wednesday saw the leadership hopefuls narrowed down to two: former chancellor Rishi Sunak and Foreign Secretary Liz Truss. Frontrunner Ms Truss has pledged £30billion in tax cuts during her campaign, notably by reversing her opponent’s National Insurance hike, scrapping a planned increase in corporation tax and throwing out green energy levies. But economists at the Institute for Fiscal Studies warned yesterday that her plans may be in breach of fiscal rules. Trailing in YouGov polls of Party members, Mr Sunak has instead advocated for caution, claiming tax cuts should wait until inflation is under control. The pair have agreed to go head-to-head in two further debates, scheduled for Monday, July 25 on the BBC and for Thursday, August 4 on Sky. They will then participate in 12 hustings around the UK while the 180,000 Conservative Party members submit their postal votes, with the winner and next Prime Minister set to be announced on September 5. 