Former senior British military advisor Major General Chip Chapman discussed how Iran is planning on gifting Russia with top-of-the-range drones, on Russian President Vladimir Putin's up-and-coming visit to Tehran. Major Chapman explained the various types of military drones that are likely to be given to Russia. Putin has been trying to up the ante on his illegal invasion of Ukraine, calling on his middle-eastern allies to try and succeed.  Major General Chapman told Times Radio: "One of the things that Putin believes is that time is on his side and that the West will eventually tire of supporting Ukraine. "I don't think that is true in the short term, but of course, from the American side, the end of their financial year comes on the 30th of September. "So the quarter one for them, i.e post-September, will be an interesting one." He continued: "We always put Iran into the bucket of countries called the king countries. "When we look at the domain of cyber, so China, Russia, Iran, and North Korea are the malign actors in the cyber field.  JUST IN: 'Very naturally!' Camilla praises Kate's 'extremely good' and 'relaxed' photography skills     General Chapman added: "So what we expect to come out of this is that there will be an offer of a significant number of drones for Russia from Iran. "Which in itself is interesting because of course, the Russians are taking a hammering at the moment, both in terms of their ammo dumps, their logistic hubs, and their command and control. "And that is to do with the Russian HIMARS, that's the high mobility artillery rocket system along with the MERS multiple launch rocket system. "So one of the ways to negate that is to go HIMARS hunting really by using various types of drones, now we don't know what sort of drones they might use. "And of course drones come into various types or five types, if you look across the panoply there for micro, small, tactical medium altitude to high altitude. "And they are all based on either range speed size or mission, so we don't know what type of drones they'll get so saying what that means will be the indicator of what Russians want and for what purpose." READ MORE: Tory leadership contest down to EIGHT as surprise candidate crashes out of race to be PM NATO-aligned countries have been gifting Ukraine top-of-the-range weapons since the beginning of the war. And ongoing Prime Minister Boris Johnson has vowed to continue doing so. It has been reported that Russia has been using large amounts of heavy artillery during the ongoing war. National Security Advisor Jake Sullivan has also been warning the West. DON’T MISS: Moment Penny Mordaunt destroys Angela Rayner in 'greatest Labour put-down' - VIDEO[INSIGHT]Biden jets to Israel amid fears Iran plans on sending Russia several hundred drones [REVEAL]Brexit POLL: Should next Prime Minister seek to rejoin single market? [SPOTLIGHT]    Mr Sullivan said: “Our information indicates that the Iranian government is preparing to provide Russia with up to several hundred unmanned aerial vehicles, including weapons capable UAVs on an expedited timeline. “It’s unclear whether Iran has delivered any of these UAVs to Russia already.” “This is just one example of how Russia is looking to countries like Iran for capabilities that … have been used before we got the ceasefire in place in Yemen to attack Saudi Arabia. “We will continue to do our part to help sustain the effective defence of Ukraine and to help the Ukrainians show that the Russian effort to try to wipe Ukraine off the map cannot succeed.” READ NEXT Brexit LIVE: 'Huffy' Sunak storms out of high-stakes ERG meeting as he scuppers 'audition'Priti Patel backs down from leadership race as she puts ‘experienced’ Liz Truss aheadAmerica's Got Talent singer brings Sofia Vergara to tears 'I lost my brother too'Putin to visit Tehran as US accuses Iran of supplying Moscow with weapons-capable dronesMeghan and Harry set to jet to New York for key UN event just a month after Jubilee visit   