  Dianne Buswell has detailed the public pressure that was put on her relationship with boyfriend Joe Sugg when they first got together. The Strictly Come Dancing star described how everyone was “really invested” in their romance.      Dianne, 33, met Joe, 30, in 2018, when the pair were partnered together for the sixteenth series of Strictly. The Youtuber and Australian dancer made it all the way to the final, before losing out to Stacey Dooley and her partner Kevin Clifton - who also ended up together. Speaking to Express.co.uk after setting a new Guinness world record for furthest distance danced by a couple, with professional partner Pasquale La Rocca, Dianne reflected on her romance with Joe. “I think maybe at first it was a bit like, oh, gosh, okay, so everyone's so into this,” she admitted. “But now it's so normal for us. You know, it's been like four years, almost. READ MORE: Amanda Owen issues 'vital' plea over Ravenseat amid Clive Owen split    “Now, you kind of forget about all that,” she continued. Asked if members of the public felt a certain connection to Dianne and Joe’s relationship through watching their screens at home, the dancer confirmed: “At first, yeah, definitely.” “Everyone was really invested in the relationship, but it's quite nice now. “It's died down a lot and I don't really take much notice of that stuff anymore.      “But yeah, it has been almost four years, which is amazing. I mean it’s crazy, isn’t it? It’s gone so fast!” Quizzed on whether she ever thought she’d ever find love with a celebrity partner on the show, she replied: “I never did, no. “And I feel like all the stars aligned with Joe because we're just literally such similar people in so many ways. “We're very different in ways too, but just our personalities just click so, so well. READ MORE... Novak Djokovic's wife addresses marriage ahead of Wimbledon [INSIGHT] Sir Tom Jones, 82, 'seen by doctors after collapsing on tour' [BREAKING] 'Not fun' Joan Collins, 89, rushed to hospital in Monaco [BREAKING]     “I always think it's so weird how we met and I feel like everything was just aligned in the right place, right time for both of us. It was pretty special.” Dianne went on to reveal that she and Joe still dance together, although his memory of the moves is a bit rusty. “He loves dancing,” she mused. “And you know, when we're at home and a nice song comes on the radio or something, I definitely go like, ‘Oh do you remember this Joe - that song that we danced to on the show?’ “And Joe will be like, ‘I can't remember any of that now,’ but then I’ll reenact the whole dance and he’ll be like, ‘How do you do that?’ So yeah, we still do have a joke around.”     Speaking about smashing a world record shortly ahead of her return to Strictly this autumn, Dianne revealed: “It was really fun, actually. I thought it would be harder than it was. Two hours and 15 minutes of non-stop dancing - it’s something I can tick off my bucket list!” Dianne relied on Sure’s new 72H Nonstop Protection deodorant to keep her protected from sweat and odour as she pushed herself to her limits in the record-breaking dance session. Sure wants to encourage people to push themselves to their limits this summer without the fear of sweating.   