Why Didn’t They Ask Evans is Britbox’s gripping murder mystery based on the successful 1934 Agatha Christie novel. As the storyline was being adapted for screens, the cast and the crew were able to overcome some major production challenges, which showrunner Hugh Laurie revealed.  April saw the release of the limited series which followed two friends as they tried to uncover a murder mystery. When Bobby Jones (played by Will Poulter) was playing golf with some friends, he discovered the body of a man who appeared to have fallen off a cliff. As Bobby tried to figure out what happened the man regained consciousness and uttered his last words to the young man. He asked: “Why didn’t they ask Evans,” a question which sparked a nationwide crime-solving adventure.  READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes slams 'hypocritical' Prince Harry over climate change After reuniting with his longtime friend Lady Frances ‘Frankie’ Derwent (Lucy Boynton) the two set off on a mission to find out who Evan was and what connection he had to the now deceased man. After falling off the cliff, the man was identified as Mrs Cayman’s (Morwenna Banks) adventurer brother Alex Pritchard (Leon Ockendon). Despite a full inquest, Bobby couldn’t push away the feeling something sinister had led to Alex’s death. This inkling paired with a string of suspicious instances convinced him foul play was involved.  The investigation led the Welsh friends to England where they used dubious pretences to gain access to a number of establishments. As Bobby and Frankie ventured to uncover the truth they were faced with a shocking amount of revelations to do with deceit, betrayal, and murder. Their crime-solving adventure provided viewers with a stunning backdrop of the British countryside. However, this also proved to be a major issue for production as they were forced to set up in different locations.  DON'T MISS...BBC Breakfast viewers switch off over heatwave coverage 'Pathetic' [INSIGHT]Why Didn’t They Ask Evans boss speaks out on major series challenge [INSIGHT]Why Didn’t They Ask Evans showrunner on ‘exquisite’ lead actress [INSIGHT] During an interview with Deadline, writer and director Hugh Laurie detailed: “The movements of the story is very much a part of the atmosphere. “These two characters are literally following a trail and going from place to place.” Speaking on the difficulties, he added: “Logistically, practically speaking it made it an incredibly challenging thing to do. “Almost every day we were moving location and that’s incredibly hard on everybody, they’ve got to set everything up, every single day in a new place,” Laurie explained.  Despite this, Laurie stated it was worth it: “I think it's added greatly to the story.” Bobby and Frankie travelled across Wales and England, to emulate the novel which was set in Wales and Hampshire. Bosses agreed to stick with the original locations for the series as filming reportedly took place in Surrey mainly in the village of Sher and across Swansea in Wales. As for the scenic golfing scene where Bobby first discovered Alex, this scene took place at the Three Cliff Bay, which is one of the most photographed areas of Gower. Why Didn’t They Ask Evans is available on Britbox. 