Virgin River fans have grown to love the rollercoaster yet heartwarming romance between Jack Sheridan (played by Martin Henderson) and Mel Monroe (Alexandra Breckenridge) during the Netflix drama’s past four seasons. As such, many of the show’s stars have built up quite the social media following, with Henderson himself boasting a million Instagram followers. However, the actor has now taken to the platform after a number of his followers have fallen victim to money-making scammers. Henderson shared a minute-long clip on his Instagram in which he explained a number of imposter accounts posing as him or his management team have been duping fans. Urging fans to remain vigilant, Henderson emphasised the only account he ever messages from or uses is the one verified with Instagram’s blue tick. Speaking to the camera, Henderson warned his followers: “Hey guys, it’s Martin. First of all, I wanna say thank you to everybody who’s been watching the show (and) sending us messages of congratulations. “I’m very, very happy that you’re loving the show and thank you for helping to make it a success,” he continued before he quickly took a more serious tone. READ MORE: Alexandra Breckenridge celebrates big Virgin River news “But I’ve got a PSA,” the Virgin River lead said. “A Piece of S***e Announcement. “A piece of s***e out there, maybe there’s a bunch of them, who are pretending to be me and they’re messaging a bunch of my followers pretending to either be from my management team (or me)… and basically it’s a scam. “They end up asking for money,” he continued. “Just hear it, this is me, alright? “I do not have another account, I will never, ever message anybody outside of Instagram and even then I don’t do that a lot.” The X star went on: “Please be aware, there’s not a lot we can do, we let Facebook and Instagram know this is going but it’s kind of like a game of whack-a-mole. “So please don’t trust anybody, if I’m not sending a message from this account, it’s not me.” Henderson did end on a lighter note as he concluded: “Okay, have a great day, I love ya.” And it wasn’t just in the clip that Henderson implored fans to have their guards up. DON'T MISS:Virgin River season 5 theory: Jack NOT the dad of Mel’s babyVirgin River season 5 theory: Brie death sealed after Don return clueAlexandra Breckenridge admits she and Jack star ‘don’t talk a lot' In the accompanying caption, Henderson let rip on the “a**holes” who’ve been targeting his followers. “I. Do. Not. Have. Another. Account!!!!” Henderson penned. “I will never message anyone from any other account or platform. Ever. “Nor will any of my management or representatives. Sadly there are multiple fraudulent accounts that are posing as myself or my team and targeting my followers to try and scam them. “Regrettably this keeps happening and we are doing what we can to shut these accounts down if and when we become aware of them. “But there is no way to stop them from reappearing so please, NEVER engage with any other account claiming to be me or my associates. “It is a SCAM and these a**holes have taken money from unsuspecting people. “I will continue to do what I can but please pass this on to anyone whom you think might’ve already been contacted or may be vulnerable in the future. “And I ask if you’d please report any such accounts as fraudulent to Instagram for review and deletion. Thanks.” (sic) Virgin River seasons 1-4 are available to stream on Netflix now.