The Prince is the second child and first son of King Philippe and Queen Mathilde of Belgium, making him second in line to the throne. The 18-year-old royal is set to enrol at the Royal Military Academy (ERM) in Brussels next month. He sailed through all of the admissions tests which included a medical exam, a psychological test, and sports tests. He also passed the maths exams and language exams which included French and Dutch. At the Military Academy as part of the 162nd class, the Prince will embark on training in Dutch on social and military sciences. Princess Elisabeth, his older sister enrolled previously at the academy in 2020 to study Social and Military Sciences. Following the conclusion of her military training in the summer of 2021, she then got a place to study at Lincoln College at Oxford the following autumn. Prince Gabriel finished his preparatory training at the National Mathematics & Science College in Warwickshire after starting his training there last September. In 2021 he graduated from the International School of Brussels, a private English Language school and he will be beginning at ERM just a few days after his 18th birthday in August. Fans of the Belgian Royal Family are hoping that the royals will continue with the same protocol they did when Elisabeth was at the academy. READ MORE: Royals celebrate England’s lionesses win Fans were gifted with photographs from the Princess’s time at the military training academy and they hope Gabriel’s time will also be documented in the same way. Princess Elisabeth, 20, is next in line to the throne and in June she represented her father for the first time at a foreign event. The future Queen went to the 18th birthday gala dinner of Princess Ingrid Alexandra of Norway in Oslo on June 17. Princess Elisabeth was joined by her mother, Queen Mathilde at the royal event which also featured notable members of other European royal families. DON'T MISS: Joe Biden blasted for 'dithering' ahead of Taiwan showdown with China  (COMMENT)Energy crisis lifeline: EU saved as Biden swoops in to SURPASS Russia (INSIGHT)POLL: Should Boris Johnson be honoured with a seat in House of Lords? (POLL) A photo to commemorate the occasion was taken prior to the dinner which was released by the Norwegian Royal Court ahead of the official arrivals and the dinner at the palace. The photograph featured Princess Amalia of the Netherlands, 18, Princess Elisabeth, Princess Estelle of Sweden, 10, Princess Ingrid Alexandra, and Prince Charles of Luxembourg, 2. The historic photo of the future European queens and the Grand Duke was taken in the Bird Room of the Royal Palace.