It comes at a time of deep concern for millions of people as inflation looks set to surge towards 11 percent by the end of the year. Crippling energy price rises are the root cause of this economic mayhem and it’s no surprise that main routes in Britain were paralysed earlier this week by fed-up drivers forming slow-moving convoys along several motorways. Unlike the madcap “Just Stop Oil” protesters who glued themselves to a Constable painting in the National Gallery on Monday, this week’s Go- Slow fuel protesters have a very valid point to make – that government could directly help with the cost-of-living crisis by slashing government fuel duty, just as has been done elsewhere in Europe. Spouting alarmist nonsense that “oil extraction will lead to widespread crop failures which means we will be fighting for food,” the eco-protester students want to make our current energy crisis even worse by ending new oil and gas licences. In contrast, the Go-Slow protesters are drawing attention to the practical efforts government could make to reducing spiralling fuel prices that directly feeds into wage and food inflation. The Government currently takes 44 percent per litre in fuel duty and VAT at petrol pumps. So for every £100 tank of fuel paid, £44 goes to the government. The Chancellor’s recent 5 pence per litre reduction in fuel duty goes nowhere near helping drivers enough. EU counties have been far more proactive. German Chancellor Olaf Scholz has slashed petrol tax by 30 euro cents per litre and 14 cents for diesel. Ireland has cut petrol tax by 20 cents per litre and 15 cents on diesel. “The Treasury knows full well, petrol and especially diesel prices at the pumps, critically affect inflation, logistics, business viability, jobs, and GDP,” says Howard Cox, founder of FairFuelUK. “It is morally wrong that the Exchequer benefits from a lucky increase in oil prices.” In comparison, Spanish drivers pay 30p less per litre of diesel and France 10p per litre less. British drivers have long paid the highest level of fuel duty in Europe and with prices so high this acts as a direct drag on growth, making delivery and infrastructure costs so much higher for businesses which then feeds into retail price rises. Just as Boris is reducing the National Insurance threshold to help families, it is in the Government’s own interest to reduce fuel duty as the most efficient way of cutting day-to-day costs for Britons. It is also vital they ignore the head-in-the-clouds “Just Stop Oil” protesters and get busy sourcing our own oil and gas. US gasoline prices per litre ($1.346) are almost half the UK price per litre of $2.326 because until recently the USA has appreciated the importance of being energy independent. This has only been exacerbated by the war in Ukraine and now the most common-sense policy for the UK government is to actively source its own fossil fuel. Keeping the environment clean and unpolluted costs money and the best way to pay for that is out of a growing economy. Fear of the green lobby resulted in a 2019 moratorium on shale gas that could, if reversed and only 10 percent was tapped, make the UK self-sufficient in natural gas for 50 years. It is only to be hoped that a report on the safety of fracking, expected this week, will give business secretary Kwasi Kwarteng the confidence to reverse this decision and encourage our own industry to generate more energy at cheaper prices. The prize of creating 70,000 high-skilled jobs and putting an end to our energy crisis will surely do more to encourage Red Wall voters to stick with the Conservatives rather than chance a Labour Party ideologically committed to net-zero whatever the cost. I would rather trust the judgment of working people, including hard-pressed delivery drivers, taking part in the Go-Slow protests than the airy-fairy views of students glueing themselves to paintings. One is offering a common-sense approach to our cost-of-living crisis and the other just wants us to rush towards the cliff-edge of a green nirvana.