The Control Room is expected to leave BBC One viewers on the edge of their seats as it is ready to make its debut. The thriller is about an emergency response handler whose world is turned upside down with a literal life and death incoming 999 call. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about The Control Room. The wait is almost over as The Control will premiere tonight, Sunday, July 17, at 9pm on BBC One. The mini-series will consist of three episodes in total which are going to be shown over three consecutive nights. This means that the grand finale of The Control Room will come out on Tuesday, July 19, in the same timeslot. But if you're unable to watch the drama unfold live, then there is an alternative. READ MORE: SEAL Team’s David Boreanaz pays tribute to coach of ’20+ years’ Once the first episode comes out on BBC One, the entire three-part boxset of The Control Room will be out on the streaming service BBC iPlayer. Unlike other platforms like Netflix and Prime Video, BBC iPlayer is free, you will just need to register an email address to get access. As of yet, there has been no talk of a US release date at this stage. Going by the show's description, this thriller will not be one to miss. The official synopsis for The Control Room reads: "A gripping new thriller set in Glasgow. "The Control Room tells the story of Gabe, an ordinary man who works as an emergency call handler for the Scottish Ambulance Service in Glasgow. "His world is turned upside down when he receives a desperate life-and-death call from a woman who appears to know him. "With Gabe under pressure to work out who she is, he makes a decision that threatens to have devastating consequences..." DON'T MISS...Virgin River season 4 theory: Hope to suffer another health scare [THEORY]Gentleman Jack cancelled: Could there still be a season 3 on the BBC? [INTERVIEW]Why has Gentleman Jack been cancelled? [EXPLAINER] Leading the cast as the emergency call handler is Scottish actor Iain De Caestecker. He was most recently in the drama Us and political thriller Roadkill which he starred alongside actor Hugh Laurie in. Caestecker has also earned global fame as Agent Leo Fitz in the Marvel series Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. He isn't the only recognisable face in The Control Room either. Caestecker will be joined by actress Joanna Vanderham who has featured in The Paradise, The Runaway and Legends of Tomorrow. She briefly worked with Caestecker in 2011 on BBC One series Young James Heriot. Some of the other cast members include Sharon Rooney, Daniel Portman, Taj Atwal and Stuart Bowman. The Control Room premieres on Sunday, July 17, at 9pm on BBC One.