Charles Leclerc has warned Ferrari will “put a bit more pressure” on Max Verstappen in tomorrow’s Austrian Grand Prix after finishing second in the F1 sprint race. Leclerc said he was “gaining” on Verstappen towards the end of the race and stressed the pace between the two teams was “very close”.  The Ferrari star said: “It was tricky. Obviously the first part was all about managing but Max was very quick and was pushing quite a lot at the beginning. I was just trying to control my tyres to attack at the end. I had a small fight with Carlos and towards the end I started to push. I was gaining a little bit, but it was very close overall. Tomorrow is the race and hopefully we can have as good a start as today and put a bit more pressure on Max." Verstappen enjoyed a comfortable ride to victory, holding onto the lead on lap one before pulling away as the Ferrari's battled each other behind. Sainz got the jump on Leclerc at the start and held on during the opening laps. The pair enjoyed a titanic battle before Leclerc got past and eventually pulled away. The Monegasque closed the gap to just under two seconds by the chequered flag suggesting the team have pace to challenge tomorrow. READ MORE: Brundle left 'staggered' by damage to Hamilton's car in Austria Reacting to his win, Verstappen said: “It was a decent race. We had good start in the beginning and after that we were very closely matched. It was good, it was like a sprint should go, quite flat out. In the first few laps [the Ferraris] were also fighting a little bit, so I had a bit of a gap. After that I think we were quite similar in pace. I think tomorrow it's going to be a quite interesting battle again. The race is going to be a lot longer and tricky on tyres. "The car is good. There's a few things to fine tune but overall we have been really competitive again this weekend." DON'T MISS Verstappen explains reasons for Hamilton issues after 'hating' Leclerc [INSIGHT]Verstappen asked whether he'd rather beat Hamilton or Leclerc to title [ANALYSIS]Max Verstappen told ‘mentality’ advantage he has over Charles Leclerc [COMMENT]  After the race, Verstappen reacted on team radio, adding: “​​Not bad, not bad. Tricky with the tyres, but it's a win." Victory means Verstappen extends his championship advantage over Leclerc by one point. The Dutchman now lies 44 points ahead of Leclerc but the Monegasque is closing in on Sergio Perez. The Ferrari star now sits just six points behind the Mexican after Perez could only recover to fifth. 