The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge were at Wimbledon's centre court today for the Men's final between Novak Djokovic and Nick Kyrgios. But the royal couple also had their eldest son, Prince George with them. The eight-year-old sat between his parents in the Royal Box to witness the tense game between the experienced tennis champion and the Australian challenger. The young Prince's facial expressions showed he was loving the experience. George is known for his love of sporting events like the Euros. Judging by his expressive appearance, Wimbledon was no exception, with Prince George even once having been trained by Roger Federer. The young royal was seen hiding his face, laughing and wincing as he watched the action unfold on the pitch. When he appeared at the Platinum Jubilee, commentators observed how Prince George matched his father's posture and mannerisms. At today's game, the Prince could be seen sharing thoughts with his father as the hard-fought match played out. Cameras also caught another adorable moment between the Prince and his father. Footage from Wimbledon showed the moment the young royal hugged his dad Prince William, who was waiting for both George and Kate to arrive. William can be heard asking if George "is okay" after the trip to south London. George can be heard complaining that he was "too hot" as temperatures sky-rocketed across the country. All England Club's chairman, Ian Hewitt, can then be heard saying that the Cambridges "will be fine". Kate responds by saying that they are "usually in the shade" when they watch matches. Prior to this interaction, Kate was seen guiding George through meeting staff at Wimbledon. Introducing George to Mr Hewitt, Kate can be heard saying: “Ian is in charge of everything here George.” "He makes sure everything runs to plan." It marks the first time that George has joined his parents in the Royal Box, as they watched the top players battle it out on Centre Court. Mr Djokovic came out on top. Kate is expected to present the winning and runner-up trophies following the match, after she handed the Venus Rosewater Dish to Elena Rybakina on Saturday.