Homeowners looking to sell their home or have recently put their property on the market, house viewings (whether in person or virtually) could highlight undesirable features that could deter prospective home buyers from making an offer. So how can you make your home more sought-after with buyers? Property experts at Beercocks Estate Agents in Hull have shared several of the biggest red flags that could delay and ruin your chances of selling your home. Putting your house on the market can be a long, drawn out and often stressful process, so you want to make sure it goes as smoothly as possible to prevent any delays and get it sold quickly. To see your property through buyers' eyes is essential – you have to be as objective as possible about your home. This means making it as easy as possible for prospective home buyers to imagine themselves in your home. Tidying up rooms and gardens, fixing anything that could present significant issues, and even getting rid of garish décor will all help to make your home sought-after with buyers. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans share 29p hack to get rid of ants in homes ‘for good’ Here are several red flags to avoid: Buyers need to be able to imagine themselves living in the property and clutter only makes this harder to envision. The experts said: “Dirty rooms, appliances or furniture are a sure-fire way of putting doubt in buyers' minds as to how well the rest of the property has been looked after, so keeping your home clean and tidy is really important.” Signs of damp and mould are enough to stop the majority of homebuyers in their tracks, no matter how smitten they are with the rest of the house. The property pros explained: “Damp stains, stained ceilings and crumbling plaster work are all red flags, signalling a problem that could be expensive to sort out.” DON'T MISS: Common watering ‘mistakes’ to ‘avoid’ when watering garden plants [EXPERT]Boris Johnson: Where he may live with Carrie and children [INSIGHT]Garden pests: ‘Easiest way’ to deter foxes in gardens using 70p spice [TIPS] Nobody enjoys living or even sitting in dark and dingy rooms. Homeowners might want to consider getting brighter light bulbs or position lamps in strategic spots for viewings. Also, think about replacing curtains or blinds with something light and translucent, and position a mirror in the darkest corner of the room to reflect light. Kerb appeal is what draws potential buyers to houses. READ MORE: Pippa Middleton lives in £17m home in Chelsea - perfect for new baby The experts explained: “First impressions are a huge factor in selling a property, and often decisions will be made before buyers even set foot through the door. “This means you need to present your house in the best possible way and consider how it presents from the street.” This means sellers might have to replace a front door or windows, paint tired woodwork, and give everything a good clean. Planting a welcoming flower bed and jet washing walkways could also be useful. Home buyers' number one concern is that the house they purchase may be hiding an expensive secret, so visible cracks in walls or ceilings are sure to set alarm bells ringing. But the property experts warned that doesn’t mean sellers should just bodge it or try to cover up the issue. They said: “If you can’t repair it, you need to be upfront with the buyers.” If your property has a garden with grass, make sure it has been cut, the hedges have been trimmed and flowerbeds weeded before viewings. This goes for all garden areas but particularly front gardens, as this is the first impression potential buyers will get.