As the Prime Minister stood positioned behind the Number Ten podium, set to deliver his pivotal resignation speech, members of Downing Street staff rallied around the Conservative Leader. Carrie Johnson, his wife, was among the crowd with the couple’s youngest child, Romy Johnson, strapped to her front in a carrier. Ms Johnson was seen holding on to Nigel Adams MP as Downing Street representatives and close allies of Boris Johnson cooed over the young child. Mr Adams has been appointed Minister without Portfolio. In his speech, the Prime Minister thanked his family and loyal supporters who had stood by his side during the crisis of leadership. Mr Johnson said: “I want you to know how sad I am to be giving up the best job in the world, but them's the breaks. “I want to thank Carrie and our children and all the members of my family who have had to put up with so much for so long.” The Prime Minister revealed a glimpse into the personal weight of his resignations as he signalled his disappointment that he had been unable to complete his term in office. He continued: “I want to thank the peerless British civil service for all the help and support that you have given our police and emergency services. “And, of course, our fantastic NHS who, at a critical moment, helped to extend my own period in office. “As well as our armed services and our agencies, that are so admired around the world.” Mr Johnson added: “In politics, no one is remotely indispensable.” Read more: Boris Johnson humiliated as his premiership SHORTER than Theresa May's Following a series of shocking resignations from leading Tory ministers and additional members of the Conservative party, the Prime Minister announced his resignation on Thursday morning. Rishi Sunak and Sajid Javid stepped down from their positions in the Cabinet on Tuesday, prompting a storm of nearly 60 Tory letters of resignation to follow. Mr Johnson remained proud of his achievements in Government and outlined his plan to hold his position until a new Conservative leader is appointed in October. He added: “To that new leader, I say wherever he or she may be, I will give you as much support as I can.” Don't miss: Northern Tory MP planning leader bid to offer Britain a new deal [REVEAL]'There will be many people who are relieved' Boris Johnson full speech [ANALYSIS]Carrie Johnson stands out in red dress as Boris Johnson resigns [PICTURES]  Some ministers have suggested it would be more appropriate to appoint a caretaker Prime Minister during the interim period, given the controversy surrounding Mr Johnson’s position. In his address, Mr Johnson said, “being Prime Minister is an education in itself,” indicating the role had significantly developed his political position. He added: “Even if things can sometimes seem dark now, our future together is golden. "Thank you all very much." Read next: Boris Johnson's resignation speech interrupted by Steve Bray's boomboxMichelle Donelan could get near £16K payout for hours in Education jobRejoiner extremists excitedly push crowdfunder to overturn BrexitThe Queen's 14 prime ministers - and her rumoured favouritesYOU haven't cut through!' Keir Starmer grilled on Labour chances 