RMT Boss Mick Lynch claimed everyone in the country deserved a pay rise despite economic inflation concerns. Mr Lynch stated that a deal with Network Rail should have been done last year when inflation was at 7.1. The union boss mocked Mr Jack by saying if rail workers didn't get a pay rise neither would broadcast journalists. The rail union have added more strike dates in order to cause disruption in July and August in order to get their demands met.  Mr Jack said: "As of many other groups have not had pay rises, and I don't think anyone... Well many of them will not think that an inflation-matching 10 percent pay rise would be realistic. "Would you accept that's unrealistic?" Mr Lynch told Radio 4s Today programme: "Well the deal should have been done a while ago. "Inflation was at various levels when the Network Rail deal should have been done last year. it was at 7.1. JUST IN: ‘Desperate’ Putin authorises over 100 new laws in a day including Hitler-esque youth group     Mr Lynch added: "And there are various anniversary dates for train operators. "But everybody deserves a pay rise in this country! "If our members don't get a pay rise, there won't be a pay rise for cleaners and for catering workers and retail workers, or broadcast journalists. "It doesn't work like that, everybody is getting poorer in this country and everybody deserves a pay rise and our members just happen to be in the focus."  READ MORE:'Conviction Brexiteer!' Penny Mordaunt's allies fire back following Lord Frost attack    Britons can expect disruption on July 27 and 30 as strike action will take place on these dates. There are also more dates in August which will cause some chaos. Network Rail staff have been offered an 8 percent pay increase over the next two years but have refused the offer. Mr Lynch has also demanded to meet with the Secretary of Transport, Grant Shapps in order to come to an agreement, but Mr Shapps refused to capitulate to his demands. Instead, ministers have vowed to change the law in order to lessen the disruption when key workers go on strike. The plan is to allow agency workers to replace striking staff when walkouts are imposed. DON’T MISS: Oil price slump: Cost for crude plunges below £80 for first time since Russia invasion[INSIGHT]Businesses at risk as 'record high' recruitment problems threaten economic recovery [REVEAL]Horror as Russia accused of using ‘stolen Western weapons’ to ‘cover up’ war crimes [SPOTLIGHT] Secretary for Transport Grant Shapps wrote on Twitter: "ASLEF train drivers earn almost £60k (median salary). "That's over 2x UK average & far more than the very workers who'll be most impacted by ASLEF'S premature strikes. "It's clear union bosses are more interested in orchestrating maximum disruption, rather than modernising railway." He added: "We've supported London transport with over £5bn of funding. Despite already agreeing an extension, TfL & the Mayor still haven't provided vital information which we have repeatedly asked for. "In light of this, we have agreed to another extension." READ NEXT