According to the Met office, many areas will remain dry with bright or sunny spells on Friday. There might be some cloudier interludes too. Scattered showers are possible in some northern areas with light winds contributing to a warm feel for many in the South.  During the weekend, rain will be crossing northern regions Saturday, reaching some central and southern areas by Sunday before the south brightens again on Monday. Jo Farrow, from Netweather.tv said: “In the next few days, temperatures will be edging upwards, moving from the high teens and low twenties to an average of 20s Celsius across the UK. “This is not the extreme heat of last week, but a gradual rise with the peak temperatures edging towards 29C, maybe 30C. “After that, through the weekend and for early next week they stall.  “The temperatures stay in the mid 20’s with a fresher feel for Belfast and Glasgow in a westerly flow and Cambridge up to 27C on Sunday.” Meanwhile, the period between January and June this year was the driest in England since 1976, the Met Office has said. With water levels running low, the National Drought Group met on Tuesday to discuss how to cope with conditions. The group stopped short of declaring a drought, but water companies have been putting the early stages of their drought plans into action by urging people to save water.  READ MORE: United Airlines flight from Edinburgh to US makes emergency landing It comes after the UK's record temperature was broken last week. Conditions have been particularly dry in the south-east of England with the west, Wales, Scotland, and Northern Ireland seeing lower temperatures and more rainfall. Officials from bodies including the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (Defra), the Environment Agency, the National Farmers' Union and the Country Land and Business Association have met with water companies to discuss how to protect supplies.  DON'T MISS:EU nation buys 1,000 ‘best artillery’ tanks from South Korea Kate and Prince William blasted as ‘out of touch’ monarchists Joe Biden offers to swap ‘Merchant of Death’ Russian arms dealer