Amazon's Prime Day is now officially underway with the online retailer even slashing the price of a number of popular Apple gadgets. It's pretty rare to see deals on Apple-branded tech, but shoppers can bag some serious bargains for the next 48 hours. In fact, the discounts on the iPad and Apple Watch available today are comfortably some of the best Prime Day deals around. Of course, to be able to access any of these Apple deals you'll need to be a Prime member - which usually costs £7.99 per month - but you can sign up today for a Prime free trial to shop the Prime Day deals at no extra cost. Once you're all signed up there are a number of Apple deals available including huge reductions on the popular Apple Watch SE. Prime Day has slashed the price of these wearables with things now starting from just £199. The Watch SE offers an abundance of features including full fitness tracking, a pin-sharp screen and the ability to check your heart rate right from your wrist. Owners can also make calls, send texts and stream music without ever needing to reach for their iPhone. Along with the Apple Watch SE receiving a hefty discount, there's also money off the award-winning iPad Air with this tablet getting £100 off the original price. That means you can pop this device in your shopping basket for as little as £419 - that's a 19 percent saving. As a quick reminder, the iPad Air features an all-screen design with a 10.6-inch display. There's also a speedy A14 Bionic processor under the hood, compatibility with the latest Apple Pencil stylus and a single rear camera for those family photos. There is one final deal that's worth a mention with Amazon also slashing the price of Apple's AirPods Pro to just £179 - that's a whopping 25 percent off the standard price. These premium buds include Active Noise Cancellation which means you only hear your playlists and not all of the annoying background sounds around you. If these deals have got thinking about buying some Apple gadgets we've rounded up the best offers from this year's Prime Day. HERE ARE ALL THE BEST APPLE DEALS Apple Watch SE • FROM £199SEE THE DEALS HERE Apple iPad Air 2020 • £419 - SAVE 19%SEE THE DEAL HERE Apple AirPods Pro • £179 - SAVE 19%SEE THE DEAL HERE Of course, Amazon Prime Day is not just about Apple with Amazon also slashing prices across a swathe of products. From now until July 13 there are deals on devices including the Fire TV Stick for £12.99. There's also 50 percent off Samsung TVs and Android smartphones which start from under £70. We've rounded up some of the biggest discounts and you'll find all of the best Amazon Prime Day deals here. “Our Prime members across the UK will find the widest selection and best deals yet this Prime Day,” said John Boumphrey, UK Country Manager of Amazon. “From thousands of local British small businesses our members love, to the national brands and popular products they trust, Prime Day will help people save money, have fun, and also shop small. But that’s not all – don’t forget, Amazon donates to the charity of each customers’ choice when they shop with AmazonSmile.” READ MORE