Rafael Nadal has admitted that he came extremely close to calling quits on his tennis career in the build up to Wimbledon. The Spaniard incredibly battled through the pain to win the French Open just a few weeks ago.  The 'King of Clay' had to have injections in his foot to keep him going throughout the tournament. He spent the build-up to Wimbledon resting and recovering to help put him in the best place possible to continue his hunt for the Calendar Slam. But Nadal has looked far from his best in the opening two matches, dropping a set against both Francisco Cerundolo and Ricardas Berankis. His toughest test will come in the next round against No 27 seed Lorenzo Sonego, who looked in good form during his second-round win over Hugo Gaston. Heading into Wimbledon, there were still questions on whether Nadal would be able to compete. And the Spaniard has admitted that he was contemplating retirement just a few weeks ago.  "My philosophy is couple of weeks ago I was close to it [retirement]," Nadal said. "Now I don't feel that way (smiling). That's my philosophy, no? "It's something that I am not -- I never had fear about that day. I think I am happy that I had a very happy life outside of tennis, even if tennis is a very important part of my life for the last 30 years. "I have been happy outside of tennis, without a doubt. I have a lot of things that I like to do away from tennis, so I am not worried about that. But, of course, when that day arrives, going to be a change. All the changes in this life takes a while. You need to adapt to the changes, no?  "But it's normal that the people talks about retirement of the great athletes because in some way the athletes that have been for such a long time in the top of the game, even more in more popular sports, become part of the life of so many people. Happens to me the same with some football players, with golf players. "I mean, for example, person that I love to see, Tiger Woods playing. Now I'm not able to see Tiger Woods playing that often. In some way, that's a change in my life, too. "Probably people will think the same like me, as a fan, when Roger is not playing, when Novak is not playing, when I am not playing, or when any football or basketball or any sport are not playing, because they become part of the daily life of the people because they are an inspiration." 