Nick Kyrgios has secured his place in the quarter finals of Wimbledon after beating America's Brandon Nakashima. The 27-year-old has been making headlines over the last week for his flamboyant playing style and extreme on-court meltdowns. He will now face Chile’s Cristian Garin, who defeated Australia's Alex de Minaur in an epic battle. Kyrgios has been cheered on by his family, who travelled from Australia to show their support from the stands. However, only his father and sister have been spotted at this year’s tournament, as his mother chose to stay in the player’s home country to celebrate the arrival of her eldest son’s new baby. Kyrgios is the youngest child of Giorgos and Norlaila “Nill” Kyrgios, they have two other children — Christos and Halimah. While the family are based in Australia, they come from a diverse background; Giorgos is Greek while Nill is Malaysian. READ MORE: Nick Kyrgios vs Brandon Nakashima LIVE: Aussie survives Wimbledon scare to progress The couple met in Australia after they both relocated from their countries of birth. Now, the family lead a relatively normal life in the capital city Canberra, but Nill’s upbringing was far from ordinary. Born in Gombak, in the Selangor district in Malaysia, Nill held the title of a princess. Nill was a member of the Selangor Royal Family of Malaysia, ​​which has the Sultan of Selagnor. The Sultan is the ruler of the Selangor district, a Malaysian state on the west coast of the country’s peninsula that surrounds the capital city, Kuala Lumpur. The Malaysian monarchy is unique; it consists of nine hereditary ethnic Malay royals who form the Conference of Rulers, each ruling a separate state in the country. The head of each has the title of Sultan, and they rotate five-year terms as "agong", the Malaysian term for king. There is an established order to who becomes king next, but the Sultan of each family still has to vote on who the next one should be. When Nill moved to Australia, she renounced her royal title. Kyrgios embraces both his parents’ heritages, and following his epic defeat of Rafael Nadal at Wimbledon in 2014, Nill spoke with the Malaysian press and touched on their background. She said: “Nick is very close to his Malaysian family, whom he has visited many times. “He even played tennis at Cameron Highlands the last time we were in Malaysia. DON'T MISS: Novak Djokovic uses Nick Kyrgios example in request to Wimbledon as 'talks' held [LATEST]‘Uncomfortable’ Meghan Markle moment that stunned Wimbledon fan: ‘It was bonkers’ [INSIGHT]Royal Family’s deep ties to Wimbledon — with Kate even writing Andy Murray a ‘sorry' note [ANALYSIS] “The entire Kyrgios family is very close to my family. I want Malaysians to take pride in Nick’s achievements as Malaysian blood runs through his veins.” Later that year, Nill invited members of the Royal Family to watch her son play at the Malaysian Open. At the time, she told the Sydney Morning Herald: “Family and friends always asked if Nick would play in Malaysia when he was 16 or so and I said no. "But secretly I was hoping he would and I'm really happy, excited and proud now. "I've invited all the royal side of my family to come over, I'm not sure if they will be there. All of my relatives are already waiting and cheering." Ahead of the tournament, Kyrgios said: "It's going to be exciting going back to my mum's roots. "I'm not going to be out and about or eating lots of food, I'm there to play. But having fans there and people to watch is going to be pretty cool. "I've been to Malaysia a couple of times to see relatives. I don't know much about mum's history. But hopefully they [will] embrace me over there, too." The tennis star was defeated in the competition, which brought a year of great success to a close.