It has become a sort of socialist liberal gathering for those who think they speak for the majority. Frequently they do not, particularly the green freedom fighter Greta Thunberg. She seems to be invited to lots of these woke gatherings to trot out her veiled threats to the world about how we behave. There is not much that is democratic about that (no one voted for Greta). We should obviously look after the planet, keep it clean and stop polluting but wailing about air pollution and saying what mankind is doing to the planet is going to lead to the end of the world is rubbish - quite literally. The biggest pollutant on this planet is the sheer number of human beings on it and eventually we will evolve ourselves out of existence. But there are so many other contributing factors to climate change, none of which seem to be taken into consideration by the green weasels. Incidentally, they include making batteries for electric cars and then disposing of them, something you will not hear the green mafia talking about when it is trying to impose its views on the rest of us. This whole cancel culture seems to be getting worse. We must fight back. Harry Potter author J.K. Rowling is still being abused by the trans activists lobby. Meanwhile, Daniel Radcliffe, Emma Watson and Rupert Grint, who became famous in films based on the characters that she created, have come out in support of trans people. The latest twist came from some PR person from Warner Bros, which makes the Potter films, on a TV celebration of the 25th anniversary of the opening of Harry Potter And The Philosopher’s Stone.  Sky News was blocked from asking Tom Felton, who played Draco Malfoy, about the author. The idiot republicans are at it again: I have never understood why anybody living in this country would even want to get rid of the Royal Family. The thing that makes this nation great is the monarchy: yes, even with all their failings they are such a good PR machine for Britain. But now there are complaints coming in about the cost of maintaining the palaces. Those edifices are maintained for all of us!  Six police forces, including the Met in London, are now under special measures. You could not make it up, but who is at fault? The buck stops at the top. The aptly-named Dame Cressida Dick has now left, having turned the Metropolitan police into a bunch of airy fairy social workers, but what about the other chief constables? Why are they not being named and shamed? Why has there been no apology for their lack of expertise?  Police forces in this country have been turned into nothing more than a branch of the social services, handing out bottles of water to demonstrators and being nice to those people holding up the nation by their demonstrations. You cannot really blame the police officers themselves, although most of them look as if they could not catch a cold, let alone a criminal. A police officer should look as if they can handle themselves and they should also look smart. Former F1 racing boss Bernie Ecclestone did not just snuggle up to appalling thug Putin but said he would “take a bullet” for Vladimir in a recent interview. We can but hope! He also defended ex-ace driver Nelson Piquet for using the N-word about Lewis Hamilton.  We are finally waking up to the threat Russia poses to the rest of Europe. Now 300,000 Nato troops are going to be put on high alert against the threat and Britain is going to spend more on its defence. It is about time too. Armed forces keep us safe and independent as a nation and successive governments have cut them to the bone. This has made the world a much more dangerous place.  Jonathan Rockey, the headmaster of Wymondham High Academy in Norfolk, told pupils, male and female, that they may wear skirts or trousers, but not shorts to school. Pupils had been asking to be allowed to wear shorts instead of long trousers in the heatwave. He has since announced that the policy on shorts is under review. In a similar shorts controversy at Poltair School in St Austell, Cornwall, some of the boys – backed by mums – decided to wear skirts in protest and were taken out of class. But they stuck to their skirts.  I dressed up as a woman when I was in the Big Brother house just to take the mick, although it was supposed to be a punishment for me. The United States has taken a terrible backward step over women’s rights to have an abortion. Now the subject has been raised again in this country and Scotland is considering banning anti-abortion demonstrations outside the clinics desperate women go to – a move which should be adopted throughout the rest of the UK. I have never understood why so many men are vocal about abortion. The only person it should concern is the woman involved and her medical adviser.  When you dig down you find many of these anti-abortion protesters have strong religious views. Some would deny their own daughter an abortion even if she had been raped. What kind of parenting is that? Some of these people have resorted to extreme violence to stop a woman having an abortion. I have been accused of encouraging women to use abortion as a contraceptive, but I would never counsel that kind of irresponsibility. The more difficult it is for a woman to get an abortion, the more dangerous it will become – because if you do not want to have a child you will go to almost any lengths available to stop it.