New episodes of Yellowstone are set to start hitting screens in November this year, and millions of fans cannot wait to see what’s coming next for the ruthless Dutton family. After the tumultuous events of the Paramount Network hit’s last season, main cast member Kelly Reilly has teased a huge win for family patriarch John Dutton (played by Kevin Costner). Beth Dutton’s (Reilly) father John may have already won the governor’s seat in Montana by the time the fifth season of Yellowstone gets started. In season four, John was selected to take over from Governor Lynelle Perry (Wendy Moniz), despite his son Jamie (Wes Bentley) spending years campaigning for the role. The latest comments from series regular Kelly now seem to suggest John will have already taken the job once season five begins later this year. “Things have moved forward with John Dutton’s position in Montana,” she teased. READ MORE: Coronation Street’s Phill Whittaker star speaks on Fiz twist Although the actress was unable to explicitly confirm John will now be governor, it certainly feels like a natural beginning for the new season. “I can’t tell you what,” Kelly admitted to GoldDerby. “But you might be able to put that together.” John delivered a stirring speech at the end of season four establishing his platform and goals as governor. While his traditionalist and anti-progressive slant may be what the ranch needs right now, the Duttons have a number of rivals who want to get their hands on his land who won’t be happy if John wins the election. Moreover, his conservative values have already been challenged by his romance with animal rights activist Summer Higgins (Piper Perabo) which, in turn, nearly destroyed his relationship with Beth. Still, Kelly confirmed the Duttons’ cruel and intelligent financier will still be fighting in her father’s corner, whether or not he wins Montana’s race for governor. “Beth is championing him as usual,” she confirmed of the fifth season. The actress is also especially excited to deliver this particular instalment of Yellowstone to fans, which will feature four additional episodes to the show’s usual schedule. DON'T MISS:Reacher season 2: Willa Fitzgerald addresses return [INTERVIEW]The Umbrella Academy boss details change to character fans missed [INSIGHT]Virgin River’s Doc star on Netflix’s filming ‘concerns’ [UPDATE] “The scripts for season five, so far, are some of my favourites. “I haven’t read them all yet, we’re still filming episodes one and two right now.” John’s new political position may also affect Beth’s dynamic with Jamie, who was last seen completely under her thumb after being filmed killing his father Garrett Randall (Will Patton). Kelly teased: “Jamie’s back in the fold because he’s now owned a bit by Beth. “So he has to do what he’s told, and he’s a fabulous, brilliant lawyer, so there’s a lot of benefits having him back, fighting on our side. “So there’s an interesting dynamic between them, back together in the family business.” Can the Duttons manage to put aside their bad blood to keep the ranch out of the wrong hands? Or will the land be up for grabs now the family is more vulnerable than ever? Yellowstone season 5 premieres Sunday, November 13 on the Paramount Network in the USA. Seasons 1-3 are available to stream on Paramount+ in the UK.