Sir Tom Jones, 82, sparked fears over his health after rumours circulated earlier this week that he had collapsed on stage. The legendary singer has now addressed the claims after cancelling his Budapest show over a bout of ill health. He has denied claims he had collapsed following the cancellation of his concert at the MVM Dome. Taking to Instagram yesterday, Sir Tom explained that he had been diagnosed with viral laryngitis and therefore was unable to sing. He went on to reveal that following a doctor’s visit he was ordered to stay in and rest up to fully recover. Sir Tom highlighted that the claim about him collapsing on stage was untrue, as he labeled it “pure rumour”. In the post, the musician typed: "Hello to all concerned: I travelled last night from the UK to Budapest and woke this morning with an uncomfortable throat. “A specialist came to visit and diagnosed 'viral laryngitis'. He strongly advised postponing this evening’s show and prescribed medication and vocal rest. "I did NOT 'collapse' anywhere at any time, that is pure rumour. “Hopefully the inflammation will calm soon as I am looking forward to continuing my wonderful summer tour." Sir Tom also apologised for cancelling the show at short notice as he thanked fans for their concern. The show, he added, will still take place in the Hungarian capital in just over a month. He continued: "Unfortunately the show had to be cancelled at the last minute, and for that I am very sorry. “However, the show in Budapest has been rescheduled and will take place on August 16. DONT MISS:'Not fun' Joan Collins, 89, rushed to hospital in Monaco [UPDATE]Jennifer Garner goes shoeless during stroll with son after accident [INSIGHT]Pussycat Dolls star Ashley Roberts, 40, puts on braless display [LATEST] “Thanks again for all your kind concern. TJ." Fans of the It’s Not Unusual singer rushed to the post’s comments section to send him their well-wishes. Carmencat50 said: “So glad you have taken doctor's advice. Get well soon wishes sent your way!” Amaliarosaria added: “Take Good care of yourself, dear. “You are very important to your fans. Love You” Janicesoares3473 penned: “My wish that you recover soon, I send you my affection and positive energy Tom.” Argolosabrina commented: “Hello Sir Tom, I wish you a best and rapid recovery!! “Please take care and follow all the medical advices!! get well soon!!”