Man vs Bee is on Netflix and Rowan Atkinson plays down-on-his-luck father, Trevor Bingley. The Mr Bean actor spoke to Express.co.uk and other press about how he is always so critical of his own work. He may be a perfectionist, but he called the trait a "disease" rather than a blessing. Man vs Bee spent some time in the Netflix top 10 as fans of Atkinson were keen to see his latest venture. The Mr Bean star has also taken on a new role in the upcoming Wonka film, as an undisclosed character. He is known around the world for staying loyal to certain projects such as the Johnny English films and Blackadder. The star said he was picky about his roles as he had to feel confident they would be a success. READ MORE: ‘Meghan didn't understand the monarchy ’ Tom Bower in explosive attack He was asked whether he was happy with the final edit of Man vs Bee. He said: "Am I pleased with [the episodes]? There are definitely some good moments. "For me, the glass is always half empty, but if the glass is half empty then by definition, it's also half full. "I think it's pretty good and I just hope people enjoy it. READ MORE: Lorraine Kelly in savage sweating jibe at Prince Andrew "I am a bit of a perfectionist but I'm a great believer that perfectionism is as much a disease as it is a quality. "I think it can be quite corrosive, it's a thing that can just give you stress when actually very often there is no need to be stressed. "But because you are in pursuit of something you feel you have to have achieved, you may describe it as an admirable quality. "Which it is in theory, but in practice, it can be a negative thing." DON'T MISS... 'Not getting any younger' Rowan Atkinson explains toll of Man vs Bee [INSIGHT] Rowan Atkinson opens up on axed Man Vs Bee original title [INTERVIEW] 'Had to go off set' Rowan Atkinson on how Man vs Bee star 'cooled off' [INSIGHT] He said the trick was to keep perfectionism under control so it did not become consuming. The actor added: "When we are shooting I just tend to get to the point rather than thinking 'I have done it, that's the best I have ever done of anything and now we can stop and move on', I tend to just say 'I can't be bothered to do it any more'. "'I have done as much as I can', but unfortunately I tend to end every shoot day thinking 'I'm sure there's something better that we didn't achieve'. "You are always in pursuit of something you can't achieve, which is sad really." READ MORE: Bridgerton season 3 plot, cast and teaser: Everything we know so far Atkinson said he was selective about the jobs he took on as he feels "creatively dead" after each project. He needs time to refresh and regenerate after filming for a movie or TV series. There was a four-year wait between his appearance in the film Johnny English Strikes Again and the Man vs Bee series. He said: "I feel creatively completely dead after projects, therefore I need three months or six months to think about nothing."  Man vs Bee is on Netflix now.