Today, Boris Johnson faces Prime Minister’s Questions and Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer in the House of Commons for the very last time, just under two weeks after he resigned as Parliament takes recess for the summer. It has been quite the journey for the PM, from a “subdued” youngster all the way to No10, where he took the “best job in the world”.   Until he was eight years old, the PM suffered from a condition called glue ear, in which the canal fills with fluid and causes temporary hearing loss. The condition affects 80 per cent of children up to the age of 10 in the UK, according to the National Deaf Children’s society. The former Mayor of London was born in New York in 1964, even then having his now famous “shock” of blond hair. But much to his angst, his younger sister, journalist Rachel Johnson, was born the following year.   Mr Johnson said as a result of his sister’s birth, his “passive” life was suddenly altered as he was “faced with competition” in an interview for Michael Cockerell’s BBC documentary, Boris Johnson: The Irresistible Rise. Mr Johnson said it then became necessary to “exert” himself for food and attention. Although her birth ignited his competitive drive, in his early years, the future PM struggled against his debilitating ailment. In an Observer article, author and journalist Sonia Purnell wrote: “Until the age of eight, Boris was severely deaf with glue ear and was a subdued child. “His mother encouraged him to be arty but [his father, Stanley Johnson] inculcated an uber-competitive streak in his family.” READ MORE: Truss masterplan on hated deal expected to clear Commons Not only did his author and former conservative politician father instate the family’s competitive streak, but Mr Johnson’s grandmother, Irene Williams, would constantly tease the PM when he was just a child. His now 56-year-old sister Rachel Johnson learned how to read before he did and the PM was frequently teased by his grandmother that his sister was “better” than he was. Rachel Johnson, speaking on the BBC documentary, said: “I learned to read before he did and this gave him a huge kick up the pants because my grandmother, my paternal grandmother, used to ask me to read out The Times Leader when I was four and turn to him and say ‘she reads much better than you’. “So he’s always been a competitor, right from the age of 14 months. He knows that life is a competition and he always wants to be top.” His “subdued” nature was not to last, however, as the PM - the eldest of four - proclaimed early on that his ambition was to become “world king”. The PM was then sent on a scholarship to Eton aged 13 where he became Captain of the school with one of his contemporaries, Andrew Gilmore, saying he clearly was “out of the ordinary”. DON'T MISS: Tory leadership polls: Who is the favourite right now? [INSIGHT]Conservative champion must set squabbles aside - EXPRESS COMMENT [COMMENT]Scientist forced to move research hub from Scotland to EU [REPORT] However, his competitive streak saw him suffer further ailments, as the PM broke his nose a total of four times on the Eton rugby pitch. Although it saw him succeed in other areas, as Mr Johnson won awards for his studies in both Classics and Ancient Literature. It was at Eton that he firmly established himself as “Boris” and met the former Prime Minister David Cameron. Mr Johnson will remain in post until the winner of the ongoing Conservative leadership election is announced, expected to take place on September 5. The final two candidates going head to head are being announced on Wednesday.   