Location, Location, Location host Kirstie Allsopp spends much of her time helping families to find their dream properties or transform their existing homes into places they can't bear to leave for work, so it's no surprise that she's worked her magic on her own incredible houses. The star divides her time between two properties in Devon and London, and often shares glimpses of both on her Instagram page. The 50-year-old property pro lives with her family in Notting Hill in West London. But she also owns a lavish home in Devon, which has been featured in the shows Kirstie's Homemade Home and Kirstie's Handmade Britain. The presenter has previously rented out her holiday home in Meadowgate, Devon and has lovingly restored the property with her personal sense of style, including in her kitchen and dining room, which can seat up to 14 guests. Taking to Instagram, the mum of two occasionally gives a glimpse into her taste in interiors and shows off her home projects. READ MORE: Inside Dolly Parton’s private life at her idyllic Nashville home Throughout both properties, Kirstie’s personality and love for crafting is clear and they are the home of nifty DIY hacks and stunning patterns. In one post, she shared a snap featuring a bedroom that boasted patterned duck egg blue wallpaper. The relaxing room was decorated with various illustrations, a matching silver lamp and contained white floral bedding that provided the perfect contrast to the wallpaper. There were also beautiful pink and green flower arrangement situated on the side cabinet between a radio and female figure. Captioning the picture, she wrote that she was “having a very lazy Sunday”. DON'T MISS: ‘Worst mistake’ gardeners can make during a heatwave - how to prevent [EXPERT]‘Essential’ tip to keep hydrangeas ‘thriving’ in heatwaves [TIPS]'Energy bill already 50% less': Crucial guidance to keep costs down [COMMENT] Kirstie’s choice in kitchens is just as traditional and features some classic Cornish kitchenware. Featuring wooden worktops, the room also contains blue and white patterned tiles and is accompanied by a range of blue and white crockery. Sharing another photo in the kitchen of her son chopping tomatoes at home, the kitchen has wooden flooring with an antique patterned rug visible in the background. The mum-of-two said she was "desperate for a home cooked meal" after a few days away filming, sharing a photo from her dining table laid up with patterned tableware. Kirstie showed her organisational skills with a peek inside her cutlery drawer, which has her forks, knives and spoons separated and organised by size. READ MORE: Use 65p tin foil hack to ensure homes stays cool as heatwave continues Proving that most things in her home do match, the popular TV personality revealed her spacious open wardrobe where she’d spent time organising her clothes by colour. When it comes to her face masks, Kirstie also has a vintage storage unit to hold all of her collection too. While filming her show Keep Crafting and Carry On, Kirstie gave a sneak peek of more of her dining room after the crew had wrapped up for the day. In the shot, fans could see a shabby chic display shelf featuring a range of plates, mugs and floral arrangements. The corner of the room was also decorated with some fabric bunting and featured a contrasting oak ladder used to display a series of floral tea towels. Joking about the clean up effort, she wrote: “The crew have gone, the dining room is almost back to normal”. Elsewhere the home features an elegant slate hallway, three double bedrooms and a generous sitting room with an open fire. In true Kirstie style, the home is filled with Kirstie’s inspired home-made crafts. Outside, the home enjoys views of the surrounding rolling hills and has a sprawling garden complete with its own barbecue.