The Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) is continuing to move those on legacy benefits onto Universal Credit which it hopes to have completed by 2024. This had been carried out by the department before the pandemic, however the DWP temporarily stopped this transition as staff were focused on processing Covid-era Universal Credit claims. Payments which are known as legacy benefits are viewed as having complex and archaic systems in place, according to the DWP. This is the main reason the Government department is transitioning those on these payments onto Universal Credit. As of last month (May 9), legacy benefit claimants are now once again being moved onto the DWP’s primary benefit payment. Legacy benefits refer to benefits which are being replaced by Universal Credit, of which there are six. These are: Income-Related Employment and Support Allowance, Income-Based Jobseeker's Allowance, Working Tax Credit, Child Tax Credit, Income Support and Housing Benefit for those of working age. READ MORE: State pensioners may be able to increase sum by up to £14.75 weekly Those who are claiming any of the above benefits will have their eligibility for Universal Credit assessed against the payment they are currently claiming. Top-up payments will be awarded by the DWP to claimants who will see their payments reduced by the move. This is to ensure that no one will be receiving less benefits support after the transition to Universal Credit. Legacy benefit recipients will be notified ahead of time about the change to payments, if they have not been already. However, those who are currently claiming payments such as Working Tax Credit do not have to wait to be moved to Universal Credit. Claimants who believe they will be financially better off by moving as soon as possible to the payment can ask for it to happen immediately. Those claiming legacy benefits from the DWP can check their entitlement for Universal Credit using an independent benefits calculator. It should be noted that claimants cannot reclaim their old benefits after being moved to Universal Credit. READ MORE: ‘Game over!’ Woman, 42, watches as hackers steal £10,000 in attack Thérèse Coffey, the Secretary of State for Work and Pensions, shared why she thinks the move from one DWP payment to another is beneficial to claimants overall. Ms Coffey explained: “Over five million people are already supported by Universal Credit. “It is a dynamic system which adjusts as people earn more or indeed less, and simplifies our safety net for those who cannot work. “Parliament voted to end the complex web of six legacy benefits in 2012, and as this work approaches its conclusion we are fully transitioning to a modern benefit, suited to the 21st century.” Depending on someone’s age and relationship status, different payment rates of Universal Credit are awarded depending on certain factors. Recipients who are single and under 25 get a standard monthly allowance of £265.31, while people who are single and 25 or over get £334.90. In comparison, couples who are both under 25 can claim £416.45 or if either of them are 25 or over they can get £525.72 a month. People may get additional amounts, depending on their circumstances, such as if they have children or a disability or health condition. Anyone claiming legacy benefits who has not been moved onto Universal Credit should expect the transition to happen within the next year and a half.