As Russia’s war machine stalls, amid heavy losses on both sides, President Zelensky said his commanders were leading advances “step by step” into the occupied southern region. Ukrainian military officials also claimed a “turning point” in the battle to retake the entire region of Kherson, saying they were now using western weapons and would liberate it by September. Kherson city itself was the first major city captured by Russian forces early in the war and sits on a strategic location west of the Dnipro river. But over the weekend, UK defence officials reported heavy fighting near Kherson and defending forces are now said to be on the march forward. Confirming the advances, the Ukrainian leader said he warned Moscow that his forces would continue doing all they could to inflict as much damage on the Russian army as possible - and would never be cowed. And he claimed: “Even the occupiers admit we will win. “We do everything to inflict the highest possible damage on the enemy … we will celebrate against all odds. Because Ukrainians won’t be cowed.” Kherson city is seen as a key target for Russia, and to see it returned to Ukrainian control would be a major blow to Russian leader Vladimir Putin. And Ukraine is currently launching a large counter-offensive against the invading forces. Local politicians in the Kherson area were also yesterday starting to express confidence that Ukrainian forces would take the city back from Kremlin control in a number of weeks. Sergiy Khlan, an aide to the head of Kherson region, said in an interview with Ukrainian television: “We can say that the Kherson region will definitely be liberated by September, and all the occupiers’ plans will fail. “We can say that a turning point has occurred on the battlefield. We are switching from defensive to counteroffensive actions.” Aided by by deliveries of western-supplied long-range artillery, Ukrainian forces have gradually been clawing back territory in the southern Kherson region in recent weeks. And Mr Khlan said that defending troops were now edging closer to a long-promised counteroffensive. Kherson was occupied by the Russian army on 3 March, the first major Ukrainian city captured by Russian forces since 24 February. Ukrainian officials believe that Russian troops were able to take the city in part because Ukrainian security service agents failed to blow up the Antonivskyi bridge that crosses the Dnipro river, allowing troops to enter the city. However, an increase in strikes in recent days against key Russian weapons stores and logistics around the southern city has prompted Ukraine’s military to claim its forces have moved within range of Russian targets. But last week, Ukrainian forces targeted the Antonivskyi bridge with US-supplied artillery. And UK officials described the site as a “key vulnerability” for Russian forces and said if “crossings were denied, and Russian forces in occupied Kherson cut off, it would be a significant military and political setback for Russia”. In an intelligence updates, Britain’s Ministry of Defence confirmed heavy fighting had been taking place in Kherson Oblast. While Russia was using artillery fire to slow the Ukrainian advance, the MoD said its supply line east of the river ‘increasingly at risk’. And a Washington-based think tank also confirmed that Ukrainian forces were now involved in a major counteroffensive in the Kherson region.