Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel would prefer to sign Robert Lewandowski over Cristiano Ronaldo before the new Premier League season gets underway, according to reports. The Blues are yet to rubber-stamp any summer arrivals after being forced to hold back during the early stages of the window due to their takeover process but have since been linked with the addition of a new striker following the loan departure of Romelu Lukaku. Ronaldo is said to have emerged as a surprise target for Chelsea in recent weeks, with the Portuguese forward thought to be keen on leaving Manchester United after their failure to qualify for next season's Champions League. However, Tuchel's preference would be to chase a move for Lewandowski instead of pushing to sign Ronaldo over the coming days, according to The Mirror.Lewandowski is also widely expected to be on the move this summer after informing Bayern Munich of his desire to seek pastures new ahead of next season. Barcelona have been credited with a strong desire to snap him up but are yet to agree terms at club level with the German champions, which could potentially open the door for Chelsea to swoop in and bring him to Stamford Bridge.Tuchel is said to be a keen admirer of the Polish forward, who scored an incredible tally of 50 goals in 46 appearances for Bayern Munich over the course of last season. The Chelsea boss reportedly sees Lewandowski as a better fit for Chelsea than Ronaldo, with the latter having struggled to live up to the intense high-pressing demands of Ralf Rangnick during the second half of the previous campaign. JUST IN: Tottenham risk Antonio Conte fury as 'real defensive target' named It seems as though a move for Lewandowski could definitely be within the realms of possibility for Chelsea, who are in desperate need of a new first-choice striker to succeed Lukaku at the top of the pitch next season. He is said to be open to the idea of joining the Blues but it remains to be seen whether the west Londoners will be able to pip Barcelona in the race to secure his signature.United have also been linked with the services of Lewandowski, though, with the Red Devils exploring their options in the market to replace Ronaldo if he ends up leaving Old Trafford over the coming weeks. Former England goalkeeper Paul Robinson has already backed the Red Devils to land the 33-year-old, who he believes would be a quality addition to their ranks in advance of the new campaign. "I still have a sneaky feeling about Lewandowski," Robinson recently told Football Insider when quizzed on the striker's immediate future."They are talking about him going to Barcelona but they are struggling to finance it at the moment. The longer that drags on, the more you think it might not come off."If Ronaldo leaves, there could be a domino effect. United might take a chance on Lewandowski, he would be the perfect fit for United." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here