Murder in Provence originally aired on BritBox and the crime drama TV series is now on ITV. The three-part series follows detective Antoine Verlaque (played by Roger Allam) and his partner Marine Bonnet (Nancy Carroll). Express.co.uk has all you need to know about where the show is filmed and set. The drama series is based on the detective novels by ML Longworth and is set in stunning southern France. Antoine and his partner Marine found themselves at the heart of a murder at the local university. The drama is set in Aix-en-Provence, a real city in the Provence region of southern France. It was filmed on location, with the majority of the outside scenes filmed in the city. The area is known as the City of Fountains due to the abundance of water features. READ MORE: Naga Munchetty in fits of laughter as BBC Breakfast co-star 'walks out Roger Allam had been to the area before as part of a music festival in the 90s. He said: "I had an absolutely idyllic time there and I hadn’t been back since. "So it was lovely to reacquaint myself with Aix, which is such a beautiful town, and we did get the chance to enjoy it. "It was hard work during the week but we had proper weekends off, which was nice," he told Radio Times. Provence has almost become a character in its own right in the series. Another main filming location was Cassis, a fishing port not far from Aix. The cast had a great time being by the sea and it was a welcome change of scenery during the long filming days. Fans may be interested to hear a lot of the indoor scenes were actually filmed in the UK. Didcot, a town near Oxford, was one of the locations closer to home. An old boarding college called Carmel College near the Thames was used. DON'T MISS... The Control Room fans question BBC licence fee after ‘awful’ series [DISCUSSION] Endeavour’s Roger Allam addresses concerns over Murder in Provence [INSIGHT] Murder in Provence viewers distracted by inaccuracy [DISCUSSION] There had been a worry that the whole series would have to be filmed in the UK. This was due to the uncertainty about travelling during the Covid pandemic. Opening up on the filming experience, Nancy Carroll said: "There’s something about filming in these beautiful places. "If you think about the success of Midsomer Murders, Endeavour and Father Brown, the location can drive the atmosphere of the entire piece. "And there are so many beautifully untouched places in Provence with the cobbled squares and the fountains. "At the moment going on holiday is still a novelty and I hope the chance to lose yourself in these locations, with the vitamin D coming off the screen, will be very welcome." The stars had two weeks of rehearsals with a voice coach telling them how to say the French words in the script. Whenever they referred to local towns or French names like ‘Florence’, they had to make sure they were saying them in exactly the same way. Murder in Provence airs tonight on ITV at 8pm.