Piers Morgan, 57, has taken to Twitter in response to a ranking of the top 10 journalists based on a poll by Reuters Institute. In the survey, Piers came up as fourth on the list and jokingly expressed frustration at the fact. The post was shared with Piers’ 7.9 million Twitter followers. Reuters Institute’s original post read: “We asked respondents to name up to five specific journalists they pay attention to “Here are the most-named journalists are TV journalists.” The account named Laura Kuenssberg, Robert Peston, and Huw Edwards as the top three journalists according to the public. READ MORE: Stacey Solomon and Joe Swash have married in 'joyous' ceremony Piers then quote tweeted the post, expressing his disappointment in a playful way. He wrote: “Only fourth? Disappointing.” Reuters Institute then responded to Piers’ comment. They said: “Hi Piers! We asked respondents to name up to five specific journalists they pay attention to, using an open-ended question. “Across countries, less than half of our sample named a single journalist, though this may be due to low response rates in general for these types of questions.” Other fans expressed their thoughts on the subject. @CharlieVisconti wrote: “I'd like to see the age demographics of the respondents. “An ever-increasing number of people don't consume mainstream media but are using internet journalists and other independent online sources for their news gathering.” READ MORE... Meghan and Harry's appearance 'paint a thousand words' claims host [NEWS] David Warner dead: Titanic and Omen star dies aged 80 [LATEST] Paul O'Grady inundated with support after falling ill [BREAKING] @LiCross said: “This is an old poll, Chris Mason is now BBC's political correspondent, thank goodness. “Surprised Martin Lewis isn't there, but again depends on how you define journalist.” Piers Morgan has hosted his own TalkTV show, Piers Morgan Uncensored, since April. Interviews conducted on the show include one with former US president Donald Trump. As of July, Piers has shifted the focus of the show to the war in Ukraine. One episode includes his visit to the now war-torn country, where he visited President Volodymyr Zelensky and his wife Olena. They gave their first joint interview which will air on Wednesday night.