New images show the Princess Royal watching golf at the 1st tee during practice day four of The Open at the Old Course, St Andrews. Anne is pictured wearing a hat commemorating the 150th the Open Championship. The Open Championship is the oldest golf tournament, and marks its 151st year on Thursday. Due to the Covid pandemic, the 2020 edition of the tournament was cancelled, making this years event officially the 150th. The tournament will last from Thursday through to Sunday, with a prize fund of $14 million (£11,818,100). It is organised by the R&A, one of the governing bodies of golf worldwide, and formerly linked to the Royal and Ancient Golf Club of St Andrews. Mr Pattinson, spotted with Anne, is the chairman of the golf body. The Princess Royal was made an honorary member of the Royal and Ancient Golf Club of St Andrews in February 2015, just five months after it decided to admit women. George Macgregor OBE, former captain of the club, said at the time: It is an honour and a privilege for the Royal and Ancient Golf Club to welcome these remarkable women as honorary members. "The Princess Royal enjoys a strong bond with Scotland and has shown great energy and commitment to developing sport through her work in the Olympic movement. "They are extremely worthy additions to our roll of honorary members and will become ambassadors for the club as they have been for the sport of golf throughout their careers." Mr Pattinson, spotted with Anne, is the current chairman of the golf body. READ MORE: Ukraine LIVE: Putin humiliated as 150 soldiers REFUSE to fight  Last year, Anne and her husband Sir Timothy Laurence watched the 149th Open at Royal St George's Golf Club in Sandwich, Kent. Dressed in a pale blue jacket and white trousers, Anne looked ready for the sporting event as she took her seat in the stands. Meanwhile, Sir Timothy, 66, was dressed in a beige coloured blazer and blue trousers. DON'T MISS Schools forced to CLOSE after no water in 'dangerous' heat What do YOU want to see from Tory leadership hopefuls on Brexit? Heatwave warning: Four causes of burst pipes - how to avoid Anne also stepped in for the Queen to lead out the royal family at the Epsom Derby in June. The Monarch was sent a souvenir race card and is believed to have watched from Windsor Castle. Jubilee celebrations were held at the racecourse despite the Monarch's absence, as 40 jockeys formed a guard of honour before the national anthem was sung. Five of the Queen's former racehorses were also paraded.