Prince William and Prince Harry's once-close relationship has been under strain for several years. Speaking on Australia's Sunrise, royal expert Angela Mollard discussed how in order for the brothers to "build a bridge" between them, there would need to be trust on both sides, but, in particular from William. Speaking of a future reconciliation between Harry and William, Ms Mollard said: "There'd have to be huge trust from William that his brother [Harry] wouldn't talk about it [the meeting]". She added: "If I was William, I'd be incredibly concerned that in having any connection with Harry, that could then go on and be reported. "I mean, we know from the Oprah interview that he [Harry] talked about things that had, you know, [been] really private things within the Royal Family." Ms Mollard noted some of the things that Harry had spoken about to Oprah, including racism accusations, Meghan's mental health, and "about the fact that the members of the Royal Family really hated their job". READ MORE: Kate opens up on Prince Louis' new passion as young royal following in George's footsteps She added: "If William is to meet with Harry, if they are to ever build a bridge between them, the two of them, there has to be trust on both sides that it will be within them, nothing will be leaked [to the press] and that they will have each other's back." She continued: "I, very much, hope that relationship is repaired. "They've gone through too much together". Ms Mollard said: "If you think of the image of them walking behind their mother's coffin at her funeral. "They need to be in each other's lives, they have children, [they are] cousins that need to be connected. READ MORE: Camilla spotted dancing at mini-carnival in London as Duchess lets loose in scorching heat "All I hope is that one of them, you know, I think there needs to be, there needs to be apologises, there needs to be, or a recognition that the past is the past". Speaking previously to 60 Minutes Australia, royal author Tina Brown stated that there was "very little communication" between the brothers. "Unfortunately, the wounds of the Oprah [Winfrey] interview were deep, and then, of course, Harry's kept it up since." DON'T MISS Prince Harry gearing up for 'big surprise launch' for tell-all book [REVEAL]'Doesn't know what he wants' Prince Harry's future career in question [REPORT]Meghan's favourite jewel Harry exchanged for 'precious treasure' [REVEAL] The royal author also noted that the announcement of Harry's upcoming 'tell-all" memoir "really rattled the family tremendously". She stated that the anticipation of its contents is "sort of, hanging over them now". There is currently no scheduled publication date for Harry's memoir after it failed to appear on the publisher's forthcoming list. READ NEXT: