Better Call Saul season six, episode nine hit screens this week with another earth-shattering instalment, which again changed up the narrative of the show. The episode titled Fun and Games also featured a time jump, leaving fans bewildered and perplexed as the show moves closer to Breaking Bad. Fun and Games also featured a title card honouring Julia Clark Downs for her work on Better Call Saul. Downs tragically died aged 43 in 2021 in a motoring accident after another vehicle collided with her car in Taos, New Mexico. A memorial was held for Downs in December last year in Maryland to honour her. Downs was an attorney and worked in the Albuquerque and Santa Fe Metropolitan Area after graduating from The University of New Mexico School of Law, according to her LinkedIn profile. She was a self-employed lawyer after previously serving in the New Mexico District Attorney’s Office. READ MORE: Better Call Saul season 6, episode 10 release time: When is it out? The attorney also served as a consultant on Better Call Saul, according to Carter Matt. Given the AMC series sought authenticity in telling Saul’s story and accurately depicting New Mexico law, Downs would have been a valuable contributor thanks to her knowledge and expertise in local legalisation and legal procedures. The program makers were striving to tell a fully-formed and believable tale much like with Breaking Bad. Downs’ title card reflects her big contribution to the show and how important her work had been on Better Call Saul. Her expertise may well have extended to advice on the scenes involving Kim Wexler’s (played by Rhea Seehorn) decision to step away from the bar. Prior to entering the law profession, Downs studied English literature and Spanish at the University of Maryland at College Park. After graduating, she worked at The Institute of International Education and the Landmine Survivors Network, which took her to El Salvador and Bosnia-Herzegovina. Downs went on to work as a Peace Corps Volunteer in Panama and served as a Sustainable Agricultural coach. During her time in Panama she also spoke about social issues affecting the local community including sexual health and gender equality. Upon her return from Panama, Downs decided to pursue a law degree and passed the bar exam. After serving as the district attorney’s office for seven years, she continued to practice law and work for private clients. She also helped other attorneys as well as working as a public defender for the Isleta Pueblo, a small Native American community in New Mexico. DON'T MISS...Better Call Saul season 6, episode 9 release: What time is it out? [EXPLAINER]Better Call Saul: Why did Patrick Fabian leave as Howard Hamlin? [ANALYSIS]Breaking Bad DVD case spotted on the bookshelf in... Breaking Bad [PICTURE] She is survived by her 12-year-old son Gavin and parents Emilie and Clark. According to her obituary on Legacy: “Julia was an avid runner, skier, soccer player and overall outdoor enthusiast. “She was a creative cook, who could create great dishes without any sort of recipe. “Julia was a feminist and a courageous advocate for the underdog.” Better Call Saul season 6 is available to watch on AMC in America and on Netflix in the UK