Moses came into the RSPCA’s care after his elderly and unwell owner was unable to meet his needs. The nine-and-a-half-year-old Shih Tzu had a faeces and urine-soaked coat that was described as a “hardened shell” by RSPCA inspector Pamela Bird. The vet who checked Moses said it would have taken “a good couple of years” for his coat to get in such a state. It took a team of three people more than two hours to shave off over half a kilogram (1.1lb) of fur from the little dog. Moses’ tail was previously so badly matted it stuck out at a right angle to his body, while a cocktail stick was even found embedded in his fur. Ms Bird said: “The scale of what we were dealing with became apparent once the veterinary team had started work on Moses’ coat. “It was caked in urine and faeces and smelt awful. “We all became more and more shocked by what we were seeing and the realisation at what this poor little dog had endured. “He was sedated in a way that was sensitive to his age, which is why it took the team a long time to slowly shave off his fur - particularly as there were a few sore patches underneath, but they did an absolutely fantastic job. “It’s one of the worst cases of matting I’ve ever seen, but despite this hardened shell of foul-smelling fur which he was carrying around - which must have been incredibly uncomfortable for him - Moses was one of the most lovely natured dogs you could ever meet.” The RSPCA received a call about Moses from a concerned member of the public last month. Ms Bird said: “It became clear that Moses had been part of the family for a long time, but his owner was trying to deal with significant health issues and things had become too much for him to cope with. “As a result, Moses had not been receiving anything like the quality of care he should have, but his owner did the right thing by signing him over to us so we could get him the treatment he desperately needed.” As well as having his matted coat shaved, Moses was treated for anaemia before being transferred to the RSPCA’s Abbey Street Animal Rehoming Centre in Derby. The adorable Shih Tzu is now looking for a forever home. Animal care manager Lucy Bell said: “It’s taken Moses a little while to get used to having so little fur, and his skin was hypersensitive where it had been pinched underneath - even gently touching his back would irritate him at first. “But now he realises he can finally move around properly without his coat weighing him down, he’s getting happier and happier every day and we all think he's so handsome. “He’s having special baths to soothe his skin, which he’s been enjoying, and we’re really beginning to see his playful side come out, despite the fact he’s a little more mature in years. “It’s been a team effort to get him to where he is now and we’re so pleased that we’ve been able to help give him this second chance as we think he’s going to make someone a wonderful, loving pet.” Find out more about Moses here.