The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge left royal observers with no doubt about their passion for tennis as they excitedly watched Tuesday's Wimbledon match between Britain's Cameron Norrie and David Goffin together. It is no wonder, thus, that their eldest son George is a fan of it too – which Federer confirmed. The eight-time men's champion said he had met the youngster and given him a tennis lesson. Calling the eight-year-old a "cute" boy, he said he hoped George would continue practising as he grows older. Speaking of their lesson together, Federer said: "At that stage, it's all about just touching the ball, it's already good. Same with my boys." READ MORE: Prince William appears to break royal protocol at Wimbledon When asked how he felt knowing the prince, who is third in line to the throne, admired him, the tennis star answered: "I think I have a little advantage that I actually spent some time, you know, with him. "I'm the only player he's ever met. Then you have a little head start in who is your favourite player." The 20-time Grand Slam champion played with George back in 2019, when he visited the Cambridges at their Norfolk residence. The Duchess, who is a patron of the All England Lawn Tennis and Croquet Club, has been friends with him for years. Federer said: "I love to see that they're into tennis or into sports. "His mum has always enjoyed their tennis. "I hope that he'll still say the same in a few years' time." The 40-year-old Swiss is not playing Wimbledon this year because of a knee injury but said he hoped to play at the famous arena "one more time" in the future. DON'T MISSMeghan Markle moment that stunned Wimbledon fan: ‘It was bonkers’ [REPORT]Queen’s ‘dislike’ for tennis – only visited Wimbledon four times [ANALYSIS]Diana dated forgotten Wimbledon star during marriage to Charles [INSIGHT] Marking the 100 years of the club's Centre Court on Sunday, he said: "It is great to be here with all the other champions. "I've been lucky enough to play a lot of matches on this court. "It has given me my biggest wins and my biggest losses, and I hope I can come back here one more time." Kate and William could not hide their joy at seeing Norrie, the British men's number one and world's number 12, secure a 3-6 7-5 2-6 6-3 7-5 win against Goffin this week. The couple were pictured cheering him on and suffering at the match's tougher moments. When he finally reached victory, they tweeted a picture of him with the caption: "What a match! Just brilliant @cam_norrie." They later added: "What a day of tennis! Fantastic to be back @Wimbledon today and wonderful to see @Cam_Norrie flying the flag in the singles!" Norrie will contest his first Grand Slam semi-final, meeting defending champion Novak Djokovic on Friday.