The latest is by Citibank economists, who follow similar attacks by the Economist and of course implicitly the Treasury itself. In brief, the Truss programme is to reverse the rise in corporation tax and NICs to prevent damage to the economy’s supply, and to suspend the green levy to mitigate the energy crisis.  She also proposes a review of the Bank of England’s mandate, which indeed is overdue since it was originally set over 20 years ago. The focus of the critics is on the ‘pro-cyclicality’ of the tax programme, which they argue will boost inflation just as we need to be taming it; another argument is that it will create an unsustainable rise in debt. They also think the Bank’s mandate is above review - in this of course they are joined by the Bank. But note that Liz Truss has not proposed any overthrow of Bank monetary independence, but just a review of its workings, to ensure that monetary policy does not repeat the recent mistakes that have allowed inflation to get to double digits. This point from the critics therefore looks like a backlash from vested interests against a logical review process, and can be rapidly dismissed. Turn now to the question of tax and the public finances. The critics do not understand properly the role of the Treasury in a modern economy where monetary policy has been given the task of controlling inflation. The job of the Treasury is to optimise the British people’s economic welfare. This means maximising growth. Growth comes from businesses creating products, investing and innovating, so that productivity rises steadily. However, raising taxes on businesses and on entrepreneurs lowers returns on this activity, and so lowers growth. Furthermore, raising taxes like NICs on wages when the cost of living is being forced up by world commodity prices forces up business costs and reduces growth too. The government’s programme of precipitate tax raising is an all-round disaster, damaging growth and forcing up wages in response to the cost of living crisis. Of course taxes are needed to pay for government spending. But one of the beauties of having a stable sovereign government trusted in world bond markets is that the government can borrow at low world interest rates available to low-risk governments that have always paid their debts. The UK is one of those, thanks to a long history of responsible debt management. It achieved this by bringing the debt/GDP ratio down over time in the long term after episodes of big rises due to wars, notably the Napoleonic and WWII. The way to deal with today’s high ratio is to bring it down in the long term through growth and sustainable management of spending, without sacrificing a growth-friendly tax system; the Treasury and OBR should give us such long-term plans, not damaging short term limits. What this means is that our government has the debt issue as a major instrument in its armoury of economic management. It can pay debts off over time and it can borrow to allow taxes to create the most growth. In particular, if by deferring tax rises to pay off debt it can create growth that will itself raise the taxes to pay off the debt, then it should defer those rises and borrow. This function of borrowing is known as ‘tax-smoothing’. Liz Truss’s programme therefore achieves tax-smoothing in the pursuit of growth, the key objective of modern fiscal policy. But will it boost inflation? No, it will not because it boosts supply, which clearly reduces inflation. At the same time it supports demand in the economy, preventing recession just as the Bank is rapidly lowering demand by raising interest rates. This makes it easier for the Bank to raise interest rates as needed; furthermore this raising of rates is badly needed to get interest rates back to normal levels where saving once again pays and monetary policy is effective, away from ‘the zero bound’. So the demand effect of fiscal policy can be thought of as a way to help the Bank pursue its inflation target through interest rate raising. Notice that the OECD has recently suggested that proposed UK fiscal policy was too restrictive on demand and out of line with other major economies. Liz Truss’s agenda for the British economy is well-thought out to fit the modern roles of fiscal and monetary policy. The Bank is our guardian against inflation; the Treasury should focus on its key role in making our tax system competitive and growth-supporting on the supply side, while on the demand side it provides a backstop against recession, giving the Bank the necessary support to set interest rates to keep inflation under control. It is Liz Truss’s critics who fail to understand the workings of policy in the modern economy.