Consumer prices rose at the highest level since 1982 in the year up to June 2022, reaching 9.4 percent, according to figures released by the Office for National Statistics (ONS) today. At 2.5 percent this time last year, this is the ninth month in a row inflation has increased and the Bank of England forecasts a peak of 11 percent in the autumn. As inflation-adjusted pay falls at its fastest rate since 2001, the cost-of-living crisis shows no sign of abating. The ONS releases inflation figures each month that show the rate at which prices have risen over the course of a year. The preferred indicator of inflation is the Consumer Prices Index (CPI) which measures the price of a hypothetical shopping basket of everyday goods, the contents of which is regularly updated to reflect consumer spending patterns. ONS chief economist Grant Fitzner said: “Annual inflation again rose to stand at its highest rate for over 40 years. “The increase was driven by rising fuel and food prices; these were only slightly offset by falling secondhand car prices.”  The cost of transport rose by 15.2 percent, and the cost of motor fuels has soared 42.3 percent on the year, according to ONS statistics. Petrol prices went up by 18.1p per litre in June, the largest monthly rise on record since 1990, while a litre of diesel costs an extra 12.7p on average. Food prices rose by 9.8 percent, the highest rate since 2009, as milk, cheese and eggs became particularly more expensive. Increases in the cost of household services such as electricity and gas dealt an additional blow to homeowners.  READ MORE: Liz Truss vows to 'unite' bickering Tories   Consequently, real pay is now falling at the fastest rate since 2001, down 2.8% for March to May compared to a year earlier when adjusting for inflation, according to the ONS. This comes in spite of average wages – before taking inflation into account – for private sector employees rising 7.2 percent, as low unemployment and record-high vacancies have forced employers to raise salaries to attract and retain staff. For the public sector, wage growth was much lower at 1.5 percent, although negotiations are currently underway on the Government’s five percent pay deal affecting 2.5 million public servants. Unions have thus far pressed for pay to track cost of living increases, but ministers have thus far resisted calls to do so fearing a repeat of the wage-inflationary spiral of the Seventies. DON'T MISS: Desperate Putin says Ukraine turned troops into MONSTERS [REVEAL]London fires: Heathrow Airport metres away from huge blaze [LIVE]Scientist forced to move research hub from Scotland to EU [REPORT]Nationwide raises interest rate on savings account to 5% [INSIGHT] The UK isn’t alone in wrestling with exceptionally high inflation. Russia’s invasion of Ukraine has had a direct effect on the price of crude oil, leading to more expensive petrol and diesel imports, and the decision to forgo Russian gas in response has increased the price of energy. Ukraine is also a large producer of grain, and its diminished exports partially explain high food prices. Countries across the globe are also experiencing the consequences of their pandemic borrowing, which artificially pumped money into economies that couldn’t keep up.  Curbing inflation and resolving the cost of living crisis has been at the core of all the Conservative leadership hopefuls' messages, as well as an immediate challenge for those who took office in the recent Cabinet reshuffle. Chancellor of the Exchequer Nadhim Zahawi said: “Countries around the world are battling higher prices and I know how difficult that is for people right here in the UK, so we are working alongside the Bank of England to bear down on inflation. “We’ve introduced £37 billion worth of help for households, including at least £1,200 for eight million of the most vulnerable families and lifting over two million more of the lowest paid out of paying personal tax.” The Bank of England is expecting inflation to peak at 11% in the autumn, over five times its two percent target.  Opinions differ on the best way out of the situation, but emulation of the Thatcher Government’s interest rate hikes, with the potential stomaching of a consequent recession, is looking like the favoured strategy. In June the Bank of England’s Monetary Policy Committee – the board responsible for keeping inflation on target – approved an interest rate increase of 0.25 percent to 1.25 percent. Speaking to the Mansion House Financial and Professional Services Dinner yesterday, Bank of England governor Andrew Bailey said that a bigger, 0.5 percent interest rate bump was on the table in the near future. Although this constitutes some respite to savers and investors, money in savings accounts will still be losing considerable value in real terms until inflation is reigned-in, which is unlikely to happen until well into 2023.