The build-up for Derek Chisora vs Kubrat Pulev II just got a whole lot stranger. DAZN have recently released a bizarre video of the pair video calling each other before fight night in which Pulev punches and tries to eat his own phone. Both men’s face-off interview on the Matchroom Boxing YouTube channel raised eyebrows when Del Boy revealed he has a ‘hard on’ for fighting Pulev. When asked whether competing against top-level opposition all the time is a ‘smart’ thing to do for his career trajectory, Chisora responded with an analogy that left boxing fans rolling with laughter. "It’s like this, yeah. You've got Miss Universe there, you've got some Timbuktu chick somewhere, fat, smelly p***y, which one would you go for? Which one would you rather wake up for and get a hard-on for? I'm getting my hard-on for you,” he said. “That’s what I’m trying to explain to you. So, you have to understand I am going to come, ferocious, vicious mate. I am going to come. The same way I came on the first time, the second time, for all my fights I’m going to come.” Now, things have continued to get weirder as a video posted on Twitter by DAZN reveals. During the bizarre 5-second clip, Pulev screams at the phone repeatedly and tries to eat it, leaving Chisora perplexed. Pulev begins the call by shouting before Chisora says: “They gave you my phone number, for what?” “I am all the time in gym,” Pulev replied. “All the time for you, I’m fit in the gym now. I like to see you Derek.” Before a clearly baffled Chisora ended the call by saying: “I’ll see you soon, don’t worry.” MORE BOXING NEWS... Joshua in incredible shape as Brit packs on muscle for Usyk rematch Joshua and Usyk refuse to look away during intense staredown in London McGregor return date set as White rates chances of Mayweather rematch At which point, Pulev proceeds to shove his phone in his mouth while growling and grunting like a dog. The Bulgarian heavyweight didn’t stop there though as Pulev then began shouting ‘DEREK!’ at his phone screen while punching it. Pulev and Chisora are set to rematch each other on July 9 at the O2 Arena, London. In their first contest back in 2016, Pulev came away with a split-decision victory at the Barclaycard Arena, Hamburg. In the build-up to that fight, the pair had to be separated during one face-off after Chisora grabbed hold of Pulev’s head. Then during the weigh-in chaos ensued as ‘Del Boy’ bulldozed through the audience in pursuit of Pulev and his team. Pulev has only had one fight since his knockout defeat against Joshua, having beaten Jerry Forrest last time out back in May.