Benefits recipients have been taking to social media to ask why they still haven’t received the first cost of living payments. The DWP has explained who is still waiting and how much longer they will need to hold fire. So far 7.2 million Britons have received their first cost of living payment to help them make ends meet as food, petrol and energy prices soar. The money has been promised to over eight million people who depend on Universal Credit and means-tested benefits, but some cash strapped people have been asking why they haven’t received this financial support. Many have been taking to social media to ask when the money will be paid into their bank accounts. The DWP has confirmed that people on tax credits will have to wait until the autumn for their payment from HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC). READ MORE: Nationwide increases interest rate on savings account Chancellor of the Exchequer, Nadhim Zahawi said: “I know that people are finding things difficult with rising prices and increasing pressure on household budgets. “That’s why we’re taking action to control inflation and providing immediate help for households. It’s so important that over seven million vulnerable households have received £326 direct payments so far and there is also more help to come, with eight million of the most vulnerable households receiving £1,200 of direct support to help with bills over the winter.” While the first instalment is promised by the end of July, the second payment of £324 should be made before winter sets in. All UK residents can also expect a discount of £400 off their energy bills from October - no matter what their income. DON'T MISS:State pension rise slammed: 'Protection of pensioners is crazy' [UPDATE]Heat pump tumble dryer 'will save you £104 per year' [INSIGHT]WASPI women in new state pension compensation warning [WARNING]Inheritance tax: 11 ways to slash IHT bills as families pay more [ALERT] Cost of living support payments - how much will I get? In total, some households could be due £1,200 worth of help if they get means-tested benefits. A pensioner who qualifies for all of the help available will receive £1,500. Families who don’t receive benefits will get £400 discounted automatically off their energy bills. Most households are also due a £150 council tax rebate if people live in a band A to D property. READ MORE: DWP scam warning: Don’t get caught out by cost of living scams Some 30 million people rely on Universal Credit and DWP legacy benefits either because they are looking for work or to top up a low income. These include Income-based Jobseekers Allowance, Income-related Employment and Support Allowance, Income Support, Housing Benefit, Child Tax Credit and Working Tax Credit. These DWP benefits also act as gateway benefits to other financial support that could help people save thousands of pounds. Depending on someone’s income, age and personal circumstances they could also be entitled to free prescriptions and a free TV licence. 30 Universal Credit freebies you may be able to claim: