Good Morning Britain host Ben Shephard, 47, took to Twitter and gushed over Sue Barker, 66, who stepped down from her hosting role on Wimbledon after 30 years at the helm of live sports broadcasting for the BBC. It comes after Novak Djokovic's victory over Nick Kyrgios in Sunday's men's singles final. Taking to the micro-blogging site on July 10, the ITV presenter shared a screenshot of Sue who looked emotional during the live broadcast. Roger Federer and Andy Murray led the tributes as Sue's final Wimbledon ended with an emotional send-off in front of cheering tennis fans. Ben paid a heartwarming tribute to "legend" Sue in view of his 801,000 followers adding that the presenter made the job look easy. He penned: "Loved this farewell @BBCSport What a broadcaster Sue Barker is. Makes the job look so easy, whatever the sport, whatever the subject, whatever the job #legend." READ MORE: A Place In The Sun's Danni Menzies strips off flashing abs Former Sky Sports presenter Chris Kamara replied: "Here, here, Shep." Twitter user, @mckay_fraser penned: "Many have stayed on longer than they should have I respect her doing it. I respect her for leaving on a high it's never an easy choice to do." @JohnDav commented: "Agreed, Sue Barker and John McEnroe help make Wimbledon, both legends." @NellyP added: "I am sad to see her leave. She's an absolute natural and a testament to the service she's given and the sport. Some great nostalgic clips that brought back years of memories (certainly the time I was growing up in the early 90s). She will be missed without a doubt."  During the Wimbledon final, Sue was inundated with messages of support as colleagues and tennis champions alike praised the veteran broadcaster. Sue was seen wiping her tears with a tissue, with Tim Henman's arm around her as Billie Jean King declared her to be the greatest presenter. "She's an amazing example - if you want to be an amazing presenter, if you want to be anything in broadcasting - she's the GOAT [greatest of all time]," the American 12-time Grand Slam singles champion said. Three-time Wimbledon champion John McEnroe, who had earlier given Sue "one last hug" on Centre Court before the men's final, told the broadcasterr she was "the Roger Federer of the broadcasting world". DON'T MISS... Meghan and Harry's 'hellish incarceration' mocked by Piers Morgan[LATEST]Johnny Depp hits back at Amber Heard's 'desperate' bid for retrial[UPDATES]Romeo Beckham wipes all trace of Mia Regan from Instagram amid 'split'[INSTAGRAM] Crowds had gathered near the roof-top studio where the former Question of Sport host had been watching the video and they burst into chants of "Sue! Sue! Sue! Sue!" and sang "we love you Sue, we do!" Eight-time Wimbledon champion Federer said "You made me cry", while Murray said "You are going to be missed by everyone who loves tennis". Following the tributes, Sue went on to thank everyone for their kind words following her retirement news. "It's been an absolute privilege - I've loved it, 30 amazing years, thank you," she said. "I'll miss the job, I wish I had the next 30 years because I love it but most of all I'm going to miss the people I work with in front of the camera, behind the camera . You've just been absolutely amazing. "I've just been so proud to front the programme. Thank you." A former world number three tennis player, who won the 1976 French Open title, Sue also reached the 1977 Wimbledon semi-finals before embarking on a broadcasting career. A replacement host has not yet been confirmed. 