A crew member on Law & Order: Organised Crime has been shot and killed in between filming in New York. The unidentified victim, reportedly a 31-year-old man, was in his car early on Tuesday morning. Someone approached and opened fire through the window while the crew member was sitting in the vehicle. The New York Police Department told TVLine that the  man’s car was in the Greenpoint section of Brooklyn when the shooting took place. The victim was taken to hospital but pronounced dead at 6am. READ MORE: Prince Harry's Nelson Mandela speech questioned by Piers Morgan No arrest has yet been made for the crime. NBC and Universal Television confirmed the death of the crew member in a joint statement which said: "We were terribly saddened and shocked to hear that one of our crew members was the victim of a crime early this morning and has died as a result." The statement continued: "We are working with local law enforcement as they continue to investigate. "Our hearts go out to his family and friends and we ask that you respect their privacy during this time." Filming of the series was supposed to take place in North Henry Street - the residential neighbourhood where the crime took place on Tuesday. According to Variety, the victim drove to the location early as he was part of the security team that reserved parking spots and watched over equipment trucks. Speaking to The New York Post, one of the staff member's colleagues said: "I didn’t hear an argument or nothing. “It was quiet, early morning. It was just a pop, and the [gunman] ran up towards Nassau [Avenue]." READ MORE... Jeremy Clarkson slams Naga Munchetty's six-figure BBC salary [INSIGHT]Hugh Grant breaks silence on link to Prince Andrew film adaptation [LATEST]Prince Harry’s friend JJ Chalmers spills on Archie during ‘dad chat' [NEWS] Filming of the series was supposed to take place in North Henry Street - the residential neighbourhood where the crime took place on Tuesday. According to Variety, the victim drove to the location early as he was part of the security team that reserved parking spots and watched over equipment trucks. Speaking to The New York Post, one of the staff member's colleagues said: "I didn’t hear an argument or nothing. “It was quiet, early morning. It was just a pop, and the [gunman] ran up towards Nassau [Avenue]." They continued: "I only heard one bang, but I don’t know how many shots… I don’t even know who would do this or why." Law & Order: Organised Crime is a Law & Order: SVU spinoff show which is in the middle of shooting its third season. The series has been running since 2021 and stars Chris Meloni as Detective Elliot Stabler and Danielle Moné Truitt as Sergeant Ayanna Bell. The series premiered on April 1, 2021 and was renewed for a second season, consisting of 24 episodes, a month later.  However only 22 episodes were eventually produced. The second season premiered on September 23, 2021, and in May 2022, the series was renewed for a third season.