Any unpaid cares who make a claim for Carer’s Allowance by October 11 could be eligible the bonus in December. This extra cash is available through Carer’s Allowance Supplement, a devolved payment only given to those living in Scotland who are in receipt of Carer’s Allowance. The Scottish Government estimated around 90,000 people in Scotland have now received the first of two annual additional payments as part of their Carer’s Allowance benefit. The first payment of £245.70 was made automatically by Social Security Scotland on June 10 to people who were receiving the benefit on April 11 this year. Britons are urged to check if they are eligible for Carer’s Allowance soon as possible as a new claim currently takes over a month to be decided. The DWP stated that it takes 37 working days to process an application from initial submission to decision letter. READ MORE: 'A lot of people will benefit' National Insurance change explained - what it means for you  This means that if people apply now, or over the summer, they may be able to qualify for the next Carer’s Allowance Supplement payment due in December as the qualifying date will be October 11, 2022. This means a cash boost of almost £279 each month. People may be eligible if they, the person they care for and the type of care they provide meets certain criteria. The type of care being provided can include help with washing and cooking, taking the person being cared for doctor’s appointments and helping out with household tasks such as managing bill and shopping. One does not have to be related to, or live with, the person they care for. The person being cared for must already get one of these benefits: If a person has two carers, only one will be able to claim Carer’s Allowance. Guidance on GOV.UK states that a claimant must be 16 or over, earning £132 or less a week after tax, National Insurance and expenses. Expenses can include: People cannot get the full amount of both Carer’s Allowance and their state pension. If their pension is £69.70 a week or more, they will not get a Carer’s Allowance payment. If their pension is less than £69.70 a week, they’ll get a Carer’s Allowance payment to make up the difference. Britons can make a claim on the Gov.uk website, or they can call 0800 731 0297 for a form. Before someone applies they should make sure they have their: The Minister for Disabled People, Chloe Smith MP, recently shared that as of May 23, 2022, there were 39,071 claims awaiting decision. Britons are reminded to check what they are entitled to as any extra cash could be vital in times like this.