Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag is allowing Darren Fletcher to assist in his coaching and he will continue to be present at training, according to reports. That comes after Ralf Rangnick took exception to the technical director's direct involvement last season. Fletcher was appointed into his role at United in March 2021. His remit was described at the time as giving "technical advice across all aspects of the football department." Fletcher was brought onto the bench on a match day by former manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. He maintained that position during Rangnick's interim spell at the club. However, The Telegraph claimed in April that Rangnick had an issue with the former midfielder shouting instructions to his players during matches and asked him to stop doing so. Fletcher was involved in the process to appoint Rangnick's successor, which caused extra awkwardness. Transfer news LIVE: De Jong to Man Utd, Chelsea reach agreement, Cristiano Ronaldo update  The German was also said to be surprised at Fletcher's hands-on nature in training, where he sometimes filled in if they were a player short. But it appears Ten Hag has a different view on it than Rangnick. The Athletic says Fletcher is assisting the Dutchman's coaching. Fletcher is acting as a 'bridge' between the academy and first team and will be present at training sessions. Fletcher made almost 350 appearances for United between 2003 and 2015, winning five Premier League titles and the Champions League. He is currently with the squad in Thailand ahead of their first pre-season fixture against Liverpool. Ten Hag held a press conference on Monday ahead of the match on Tuesday afternoon. The Dutchman insisted Cristiano Ronaldo was not for sale and stated Harry Maguire will be remaining as the club captain for next season. DON'T MISSRonaldo 'impressed by Richard Arnold' as Man Utd chief makes stance clearArsenal 'set Lucas Paqueta price' as Edu makes transfer stance clear on Brazil starManchester United boss Erik ten Hag warned he may have a new Paul Pogba  Ten Hag is looking forward to his first game in charge, especially with Liverpool as the opponents. He said: "Yes, a game against Liverpool is always exciting and we are looking forward to it. As you say, it's a really good test for us. "I feel very excited. I knew that Manchester United has a fantastic fan base but that is only from what I had heard and what I see from afar. "But now I can experience it and I see that the Thais are really excited about football, and they are really supporting Manchester United. Of course, that's a pleasure for us all and we are really looking forward to tomorrow's game because we know that they will all support us."  Click here to buy the new Man Utd home shirt