Raheem Sterling had major regrets over leaving Liverpool back in 2015 when he signed for Manchester City in a controversial transfer. Now on the brink of joining Chelsea, a Reds return cannot be ruled out. Liverpool look like they have missed out on an audacious attempt to re-sign Sterling this summer after it emerged they were interested in a transfer. However, it is impossible to rule out a future return despite the 27-year-old appearing to be on the brink of a move to Chelsea. The England international seems determined to leave City with just one year left on his contract. With first-team football far from promised at the Etihad after the arrivals of Erling Haaland and Julian Alvarez, Sterling has taken it upon himself to find a new club. And there was widespread interest in his services from across Europe. According to the Mirror, Chelsea have won the race for the forward and they had to beat off competition from Bayern Munich, Paris Saint-Germain, Real Madrid - and Liverpool. The latter has come as a shock considering his acrimonious exit from Anfield seven years ago. It has made him public enemy No. 1 at Liverpool and the chances of a return look incredibly slim just be gauging the crowd reaction to him whenever he returns to Merseyside. However, Sterling has admitted he has regrets over his departure after sealing a £50m move to City in 2015. "Sometimes you've got to know what you want. Your career is only short, you don't really know what's going to happen," he said in December. "At times, we make decisions and they might not be the right ones. "Sometimes, it turns out for the better. The only thing I will say is the way it went about was the thing I am more disappointed about. But other than that, it's been so far, so good. "I said at the time, I felt like my ambitions and Liverpool's ambitions at the time weren't really aligned. The way it went about is the only disappointment I have from it." Sterling is on the verge of becoming the first signing at Chelsea this summer after they reached an agreement worth £45m with City. Personal terms were not a problem with the player keen to work under Thomas Tuchel. After the miserable campaign Romelu Lukaku had last year, the Blues are desperate for a consistent source of goals and believe they are getting just that with the City attacker. But if it does not work out so well, as a growing list of strikers have found out at Stamford Bridge, it might be no surprise to see the club cut ties like they did with their £97m man. Having already played for Liverpool, who might even suit Sterling's attributes better than any other club in the Premier League, a sensational return cannot be ruled out. Sterling added: "I did have good times at Liverpool, at such a young age with a club that invested a lot in me. "It had a big part in my teenage years so they've had a massive role in my life. It's a club I hold really closely, my daughter still lives in Liverpool and I've got a lot of time for the people there."