Tottenham director Fabio Paratici is trying to negotiate two further deals with AC Milan in addition to a loan exit for Japhet Tanganga, according to reports. Paratici is currently in Italy after flying out to discuss potential transfers earlier this week and is said to be speaking to Milan with regards to Tanganga, who is widely expected to leave north London on a temporary basis before the new season gets underway. Milan have been linked with a move for Tanganga for a number of weeks as they aim to improve their options at the back in advance of their upcoming Serie A title defence. Paratici is also looking to use the opportunity to flog the sales of Tanguy Ndombele and Sergio Reguilon in order to raise money to fund new arrivals, according to Gianluca Di Marzio.It is said that Tottenham are aiming to ship out a handful of their existing stars before the Premier League returns in early August, with Conte keen on trimming his squad and bolstering his transfer kitty as the window nears its final month. Tanganga is among those to have been made available for a move elsewhere and is the subject of genuine interest from Milan, who are reportedly exploring the idea of a loan-to-buy arrangement.They could also move for the services of Ndombele and Reguilon if Paratici manages to convince them to raid Tottenham for all three players over the course of this summer. The former is said to have no future under Conte's management and spent the second half of last season on loan at Lyon, where he initially made a name for himself before joining Spurs for a club-record fee back in 2019. JUST IN: Thomas Tuchel feels baffled by Timo Werner transfer remark Reguilon, meanwhile, has fallen out of favour since Conte's arrival last November and has been tipped to leave the club in search of pastures new in the not-too-distant future. It remains to be seen whether Milan will decide to snap up any other Tottenham players as well as Tanganga this summer or if they will refuse to be swayed by Paratici, who has worked tirelessly to reshape Conte's squad over the last few months.Tottenham have been one of the Premier League's busiest sides in terms of incomings since the end of last season, with Djed Spence becoming their sixth major arrival of the summer window on Tuesday. Conte has already suggested that further deals could still be struck before the competitive action resumes when quizzed on his remaining planned business in the market earlier this week."When the ideas are very clear it’s more simple to go into the transfer window and sign the players," the Tottenham boss told reporters.  "Our plan was very clear about the positions and the roles in which we needed to improve and we did it. I think the club worked very well in this window."For every coach to have the players quickly is very important because you can work with them and try to put them into our idea of football. I think it was good to sign five players quickly, now we’ll see what happens."We are always looking to strengthen the squad if there is the opportunity, we want to improve numerically the squad. I repeat, to play four competitions is difficult, you need a really good squad, with the numerical aspect and the quality aspect." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here