White House spokesman John Kirby told reporters in a briefing that while the Biden administration was making preliminary explorations into the feasibility of potentially providing the jets to Ukraine, the move is not something that would be done immediately. He said: “It's not something that would be executed in the near-term.”  So far the United States has provided $8.2 billion (£6.8 billion) in security aid for Ukraine. Mr Kirby also disclosed details of the latest U.S. arms package for Ukraine, which totaled $270 million (£225 million) to aid in its defence against Russian aggression, including $100 million (£83 million) for drones. The package, authorised by US President Joe Biden, will allow Kyiv to acquire 580 of privately held AEVEX Aerospace LLC Phoenix Ghost unmanned aerial vehicles, Mr Kirby said. The package includes another tranche of up to around $175 million (£146 million) for other defence aid, a separate White House memo said.   It would include more high mobility artillery rocket systems (HIMARS) and other weapons that Ukrainians are using on the battlefield, US Secretary of State Antony Blinken said in a statement. The additional US funding comes as Ukraine seeks to fend off Moscow as the worst conflict in Europe since World War Two continues into its fifth month. President Volodymyr Zelensky this week said his forces could inflict major damage on Russia as Kyiv leans on Western weapons in planned efforts to launch a counterattack and recapture territory. The White House also announced additional security assistance to Ukraine on Friday. READ MORE: Chechen rebels prepare to topple key Putin ally as civil war looms  Mr Kirby said President Biden would approve additional aid packages in the weeks and months to come. The new package includes four high mobility artillery rocket systems (HIMARS) and additional ammunition for HIMARS. It also includes four command post vehicles, 36,000 rounds of 105mm ammunition, 3,000 anti-armour weapons and spare parts and other equipment. The package has up to 580 ‘Phoenix Ghost’ tactical unmanned aerial systems. DON'T MISS:Prince George’s birthday portraits differ from siblings London hoping to become Olympic host city for record fourth time Putin looking to strengthen ally ties as he pushes into phase 2 of war Meanwhile, the European Union announced on Friday it has approved an additional €500 million (£425 million) in military aid to Ukraine. The European Council said in a statement: “[These] two assistance measures under the European Peace Facility (EPF) [are] aimed to step up the EU's support for the capabilities and resilience of the Ukrainian Armed Forces to defend the territorial integrity and sovereignty of the country, and protect the civilian population against the ongoing Russian military aggression.” The additional money bring EU’s total military aid package to Ukraine to €2.5 billion (£2.13 billion), according to the Council. 