Whether you are a lover of cooking or the kitchen table is simply a hub for family life, kitchens are often a busy space in the home and one which we spend a lot of time in. However, keeping up with the latest trends can be heavy on a bank account already feeling the burden of rising bills and a cost of living crisis. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Tom Revill, Plank Hardware co-founder said: "At Plank Hardware, we’re seeing more and more customers working on quick kitchen refreshes. "Especially given the tough economic climate, upcycling kitchen cabinets is a great way to extend their lifeline on a modest budget, even if for just a few years whilst people save money for their dream kitchen." According to Mr Revill, for just "a few hundred pounds" homeowners can "create a brand new look". Upcycling is a trend which has taken the world of property design by storm, not only because it helps homeowners save money, but it can also do some good for the planet too. READ MORE: How to keep bananas perfectly yellow with clever food storage hack Mr Revill said: "In a world of mass production and homogenous design, upcycling is a brilliant approach to creating a home environment that feels totally unique. "We’re often too quick to dispose of furniture that has perfectly good bones, made of quality materials, or is structurally sound, and we overlook the potential that it has. "Quite often, all that’s required is a little vision, then a sand, paint and refresh of the finer details such as hardware. "Upcycling is also a far more affordable way to breathe new life into your home, not to mention a super rewarding pastime. "You’re far more likely to treasure and care for a furniture piece that you’ve invested time and energy into, plus you’ll want to show it off to all of your visitors." When it comes to your kitchen, this can be as simple as removing your cabinets and giving them a fresh lick of paint. Mr Revill explained: "Many of our community members will remove their cabinet doors and hardware, before cleaning the doors with sugar soap, then priming and repainting in a fresh colour of their choice. "They will then install new, contemporary hardware that matches their design scheme, think brass, antique brass, stainless steel or black, which always elevates the space in a big way." Based on Plank's research, "sunshine yellow" is currently the go-to colour, a bold shade Mr Revill says is "trending in a big way at the moment". But before you decide to embark on repainting your cabinets, there are some key tips to be aware of. DON'T MISSPaint colours to avoid in the kitchen - ‘stay away’ [COMMENT]House prices map: 4 key areas where property costs have fallen [MAPPED]Property: 4 kitchen features that can ‘dramatically’ devalue your home [INSIGHT] Mr Revill explained: "Kitchen cabinets come in many different finishes, so it’s important to acknowledge what your upcycled kitchen cabinets are made of ahead of applying any paint. "Using a sugar soap to clean your cabinets is an important first step since it will remove the grease and grime that the kitchen environment is subject to." Sugar soap is a budget-friendly cleaning agent, available for as little as £2.99. Once your cabinets are sufficiently cleaned, the expert recommends applying a coat of primer suited to your cabinet door finish. This will ensure that your top layers of paint apply smoothly, so your finish is as professional as can be expected of a DIY job. Mr Revill added: "We always recommend applying two coats of paint, even if the first coat looks slick — kitchens are busy places that are subject to knocks and bangs."