As This Morning's Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield take their summer break, a brand new host of presenters are waiting in the wings to keep audiences entertained. A big name added to the roster is none other than the much-loved Ruth Langsford. Pairing up with Rylan Clark, Ruth will once again front the ITV daytime show, to the delight of viewers. The summer months are set to be filled with variety as the station shakes up its presenters while the regular hosts go on annual leave. Ruth won't be the only famous face making a return to the sofa however. The likes of Rochelle Humes, Vernon Kay and Dermot O'Leary will all be gracing our screens soon enough. READ MORE: Alastair Campbell ENDS interview with Piers Morgan Kicking off the season, Alison Hammond and Dermot will host the first two weeks from July 11. Following the dynamic duo will be a celebrity mixed bag of on-screen partnerships. Coupling up on the couch, ITV bosses announced it will be Josie Gibson and Craig Doyle, Rochelle Humes and Andi Peters, Josie and Vernon Kay, Rochelle and Craig, Mollie King and Craig, and Ruth and Rylan, before Rochelle and Vernon finally take the reigns. The live two-and-a-half hour show will be broadcast from White City’s Television Centre until September 2. Holly and Phillip will be back to reclaim their seats on September 5. Speaking on the switch-up, This Morning’s editor, Martin Frizell, said: "I’m delighted that This Morning will continue to air throughout the summer weeks with such a varied and talented mix of hosts that I know viewers adore. "Each partnership will bring something new and exciting to entertain viewers each morning across the nation no matter what the weather will be like outside this summer!” However the return of Ruth doesn't mean audiences can expect an appearance from husband, Eamonn Holmes. DON'T MISS...Ruth Langsford clutches onto husband Eamonn alongside his new TV wife [INSIGHT]Stunner Ruth Langsford almost unrecognisable in glam transformation [INSIGHT]‘All-consuming’ Eamonn Holmes praises wife Ruth Langsford’s new job [INSIGHT] Leaving the channel and the show he co-hosted with his wife, the broadcaster swapped one breakfast chair for another at GB News. Although, the departure was in no way a harmonious one. The veteran TV presenter claims he was "given no reasons" following his axe from This Morning. After 15 years with the ITV network, he explained he was confused as to why he had been let go. Eamonn said of his firing by bosses: "I don’t have any issues with that at all. "I just have issues with why they can’t tell you your time is up." During these revelations, he also informed the public his wife is fully supportive of the personality's strong words and "isn't as vulnerable to TV producers." The pair began hosting the popular breakfast show together in 2006. This Morning airs weekdays from 10am on ITV and ITV Hub.