Many British tourists are opting for a staycation over an international jaunt. But where will Britons get the best deals? Insurtech and Pikl Insurance analysed Airbnb data to find the UK’s cheapest cities for staycations. READ MORE: Plane passenger refused to give up seat for mum sat away from toddler Aberdeen in Scotland is the UK’s cheapest staycation destination where the average nightly Airbnb price is £97. The Scottish city might be a cheap holiday but it has many incredible sights and attractions for tourists to see. Duthie Park Winter Garden is Aberdeen’s gorgeous indoor garden and one of the city’s top sights. One visitor wrote on Tripadvisor: “Loved these beautiful winter gardens in Duthie Park.” Tourists could also join a whiskey tour or explore mystical Dunnottar Castle on a holiday in Aberdeen. The city also has an art gallery and several interesting museums, including the popular Maritime Museum. The second cheapest spot was St Asaph in Wales where the average nightly Airbnb price is £120. The city in Denbighshire is home to the smallest cathedral in Britain. The religious building has survived several invasions over the last centuries. READ MORE: Cruise ship stuck in massive swell and unable to dock Visitors to St Asaph will also be able to enjoy some stunning countryside and go mountain climbing in some of Wales’ premier destinations. Kingston upon Hull was the third cheapest city break and has many attractions for tourists to enjoy. The port city of Hull might not be the first destination foreign travellers think of but could be the perfect spot for a staycation. The Streetlife Museum of Transport is the city’s top rated attraction while Hull also has an incredible aquarium and a pretty Old Town. Londonderry in Northern Ireland took the fourth spot with an average nightly cost of just £124 on Airbnb. Popularised by the comedy ‘Derry Girls’ the city has a growing tourism industry and attracts visitors from around the world. Tourists can walk the City Walls and learn about Derry’s history at the Museum of Free Derry. Culture fans can also explore The Craft Village while fans of the popular TV show could join a Derry Girls walking tour.