Tom Lenk, who played villain-turned-ally Andrew Wells in the hit supernatural series, has spoken about his love of British television as well as being a huge self-confessed fan of the crime drama Vera. In an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, he called on British broadcaster ITV to hire him for a role in the show, which has been on screens since 2011 with a total of 11 seasons to date and another in the pipeline for 2023. American star Lenk, 46, said: “Not to trash American television but the reason I watch mostly British and European programming, and a lot of Korean dramas… British television, like one of my favourite shows is Vera.” He added: “Obsessed! Immediately! Put me on it! I’m begging you! Put me on Vera!” The actor continued: “I told someone Vera would never get made on American television. “I think it actually is. I think it’s been optioned to be adapted but my great fear is that Vera will then be some gorgeous 35-year-old. Vera - Brenda Blethyn - is gorgeous.” READ MORE: When will Brenda Blethyn retire as Vera? Lenk went on to praise 76-year-old Blethyn, saying she was an “experienced” and “mature” woman, something which wasn’t seen much on the small screen in the States. “What is considered character actors and side characters in America, get to have their own show [on British TV],” he said. Lenk cited Sandra Oh as an example, saying she wasn’t the lead in Grey’s Anatomy but was the eponymous character in BBC America’s Killing Eve. “I wish we had more of that in Los Angeles. I think maybe we’re getting there,” he said. There are no firm plans as yet for a remake but Vera's producers have spoken previously about the possibilty of an American version. Lenk starred in Buffy The Vampire Slayer between 2000 and 2003 and was part of the cast when the teen drama was brought to a close for good. Since Buffy ended, he has featured in Witches of the East End and NCIS: New Orleans, as well as small roles in Transparent, Batwoman, Workin’ Mothers, and Room 104. He is next going to be treading the boards at the Edinburgh Fringe Festival in the new show Lottie Plachett Took a Hatchet, a camp take on the infamous Lizzie Borden murder case. The play is billed as a comic take on homicide and sexual depravity, imagining Lottie as a spinster facing trial for murdering her father and step-mother. Lenk stars alongside Lauren Lopez as Lottie, Ryan W. Garcia, Tom Detrinis, and Justin Elizabeth Sayre - who also wrote the play. He worked with Sayre during the pandemic doing some script readings with the duo teaming up again for Lottie Plachett Took a Hatchet. Speaking about starring in the show, Lenk explained this was the time first time Sayre’s work had been staged at the festival. He said: “I love it because the style of it is - because all their work is campy, queer, modern.” DON'T MISS...Vera season 11 mapped: Follow Vera Stanhope as she tracks down killer [INSIGHT]When does Vera return to ITV? [ANALYSIS]Where is Vera season 11 filmed? Where is it set? [EXPLAINER] The star admitted the pandemic and lockdown had turned him into a “bit of a hermit” but he was starting to “warm up” before performing at the festival and was now “ready”. He has previously appeared at the Fringe two years before the pandemic struck and had “the best time”. Lenk joked his TV and film work supported his “day job”, which supported his passion for doing theatre. He said: “I play a lot of side-kick, supporting roles, so it’s nice to get to be on stage and your character gets to have all the problems, to be the adult in the situation. Main character energy, all of that.” Tom Lenk will be appearing in Lottie Plachett Took A Hatchet at Assembly Roxy (Upstairs), 8.35pm, 4-27 August For more information, please visit https://assemblyfestival.com/whats-on/lottie-plachett-took-a-hatchet