Thomas Tuchel is said to be 'lukewarm' on the prospect of signing Cristiano Ronaldo as Chelsea search for attacking reinforcements. The Blues have been linked with a blockbuster move for the Manchester United legend as well as Paris Saint-Germain superstar Neymar. Raheem Sterling is set to be unveiled as first signing of the Todd Boehly era, with a £47.5million agreement reached with Manchester City. The England international has agreed a long-term contract at Stamford Bridge and is expected to join the Blues pre-season tour in the USA. Sterling is likely to be the first of several attacking recruits through the door, and Romelu Lukaku's loan return has opened the door for a new striker. Ronaldo has reportedly been offered to the Blues by his agent Jorge Mendes, as the veteran striker looks to force an exit from Manchester United. However, the Evening Standard claim Tuchel is not keen on the idea of signing a superstar attacker in the mould of Ronaldo or Neymar this summer. It is a stance which 'could change' later in the window, but as it stands the Chelsea boss is reportedly looking elsewhere when it comes to striker targets. JUST IN: Cristiano Ronaldo's Man Utd tour absence goes on but new signing expected by end of week  Ronaldo netted 24 times in all competitions after returning to United last summer, but concerns remain over the 37-year-old's tactical adaptability in the final stages of his illustrious career. The former Real Madrid star is said to have grown frustrated with events at Old Trafford in recent months, but it is unclear if any clubs are in a position to offer the striker an escape route. Neymar is also facing an uncertain future, with initial reports this summer suggesting Paris Saint-Germain were open to offers for their world-record signing. Kylian Mbappe has emerged as the Ligue 1 champions' superstar in recent seasons, but newly-appointed head coach Christophe Galtier has since stressed he is keen to keep the Brazil international at the club. READ MORE: Chelsea could move on to five players as Barcelona 'agree' Raphinha transfer with Leeds Chelsea hand Raheem Sterling big honour as new signing only trails seven of 550-plus stars Chelsea may have given themselves problem with two players after Raheem Sterling gesture  Chelsea look set to miss out on Raphinha with the Leeds United winger closing in on a move to Barcelona. The 25-year-old was always said to have preferred a move to La Liga, and reports suggest the Catalan giants have now matched the Blues' £55m offer despite their financial woes. The Blues' focus in attack is not only on incomings, with the likes of Christian Pulisic, Timo Werner and Hakim Ziyech all linked with potential exits. Armando Broja could also leave on a permanent deal having impressed on loan at Southampton, with Everton, Newcastle United and West Ham all linked. READ MORE: Chelsea paying price for 'cut-throat' transfer approach as Man Utd look to pounce 