Nick Kyrgios and Stefanos Tsitsipas' antics on Saturday were not respectful to the sport of tennis, according to former seven-time Grand Slam champion Mats Wilander. Kyrgios beat Tsitsipas in a fiery third round match on Court One at Wimbledon on Saturday but there have now been calls for umpires to be stricter on the players. The Australian was warned for swearing by umpire Damien Dumusois. He then called for Tsitsipas to be defaulted after the Greek smashed a ball into the crowd after losing the second set. Kyrgios refused to play for a number of minutes, demanding to Dumusois that he speak to supervisors and tournament referees. Tsitsipas got away with a code violation but the ill-tempered feeling continued for the rest of the match. Wilander admits it was an entertaining match between two fine players. But the Swede says there were plenty of aspects that he does not want to see again in a professional tennis match. He told Eurosport: “Is it entertaining? Yes. Is it respectful? No.  “Is the tennis great at times? Unbelievable, because both players are such good players. And Kyrgios is so talented. “I've never seen anything like it. I'm not sure I want to see something like that, again, to be honest, because I don't think this is what we want to promote in tennis. We want to not promote it as entertainment. “We want to promote it as inspirational, educational, but this is what people maybe want to see. I'm not sure I'm a big fan of what's going on to be honest.” Former Spanish player Alex Corretja believes it is down to the umpires to be firmer on the players. He said respect is difficult when the umpires are so lenient.  Corretja said: “The chair umpires need to be stricter. There should be respect between players and between the chair umpire. “The umpire needs to say, 'I am the boss and you can’t just do and say whatever you like'. We love the match; we love the entertainment but we need to respect also a little bit the conditions.” In his post-match press conference, Tsitsipas labelled Kyrgios a bully and hit out at his antics. However, Kyrgios professed his innocence and refused to apologise for swearing. The 27-year-old will play American Brandon Nakashima in the fourth round on Monday. Nakashima overcame Daniel Elahi Galan in the third round on Saturday. 