Cleaning star Mrs Hinch has become a household name with her nifty tips and tricks for completing household chores cheaply and with ease. Fellow cleaning enthusiasts have taken to Facebook page Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips to provide their own hacks, including how to clean a mattress. Cleaning fan Chelsea Lee Croft took to the Facebook page to share a picture of her sparkling clean mattress - alongside a 'before' picture where it looked grey and grubby. She stated: "Cleaned my mattress last night with baking soda. "Left it overnight and this how clean it has come up." The difference was astonishing and amassed a whopping 736 likes and 'wow' reactions on the Facebook page. READ MORE: All-important gardening job to do as heatwave and hose pipe ban loom She shared her method for getting rid of stains for an immaculate mattress. Chelsea told fellow Mrs Hinch fans: "Mix a 50/50 solution of water and white vinegar in a spray bottle. "Spray the stain and blot with a clean cloth, repeat until the stain has disappeared. "Sprinkle baking soda over the patch and hoover it up an hour later, before letting your mattress air dry." She added: "Just shake it all over and make sure you get all the areas." When asked by one user how much baking soda she used, Chelsea replied: "It all depends on how big your mattress is - I used a full box." While the cleaning enthusiast recommended using a mixture of water and white vinegar initially on mattress stains, she also told Mrs Hinch fans to avoid "soaking" the mattress. Mrs Hinch fans were absolutely astonished by the results of this baking soda hack. READ MORE: 'Came out brilliant' Mrs Hinch fans share 18p trick to remove stains  Kellie Fodden said: "Thanks for sharing that, brilliant job. "Bulk buying baking soda now." Sam Clark added: "Jesus that is amazing." Denise Sparkes called the method "wow". Annette Johnson said that Sebo power reaps the same results. "I tried this on my Super King size mattress last week after contemplating chucking it due to stains over the years etc - came up as new!" Kerry Sinclair provided a further top tip for a fragrant mattress. "I used it but put a few drops of lavender oil too makes it smell better too," she advised.