Newcastle United have reportedly tabled a £24million offer for Leeds United winger Jack Harrison. The Whites are expected to splash out on another striker to support and compete with Patrick Bamford this season, and manager Jesse Marsch has supposedly laid down a price tag for Harrison that would see them cave in to the pressure. Newcastle have already slurged plenty of money on bolstering their defensive options this summer with Sven Botman, Matt Targett and Nick Pope bedding in at St James' Park. More goals have been deemed essential by manager Eddie Howe, though, and Harrison is believed to be in their crosshairs. The 25-year-old has been virtually ever-present during his two Premier League seasons at Elland Road, notching eight goals last term and an impressive 16 goal contributions the campaign before. TuttoMercato claim that Leeds have a £24m offer on the table from Newcastle, but Marsch is holding out for a fee in the region of £36m. JUST IN: Raphinha shows Chelsea and Arsenal what they're missing with electric Barcelona debut It remains to be seen whether the Magpies would be willing to stump up that much cash, but fans are growing impatient that attacking aspects of the team are yet to be strengthened. Allan Saint-Maximin is a livewire on the left but there remains a vacancy on the right, with Miguel Almiron lacking in terms of output. Leeds have already cashed in on star players Raphinha and Kalvin Phillips this summer, with the pair joining Barcelona and Manchester City respectively. Marsch and his director of football, Victor Orta, have opted to invest that money into multiple areas of the squad with six new signings already.  Brenden Aaronson, Luis Sinisterra and Tyler Adams are the most expensive, with their incomings and outgoings just about breaking even. That means the Whites may have to consider cashing in on another of their star players if splashing out on a new striker remains a high priority. The nature of last season would certainly suggest so, with Bamford spending the vast majority sidelined through injury and Marsch, along with his predecessor Marcelo Bielsa, left unable to call on a natural frontman to deputise. Leeds flirted with relegation until a final-day win over Brentford bailed them out, and an ambitious summer window shows that they are in no mood to engage in another dogfight.  The off-season would be capped off perfectly by signing another attacker, although top target Charles De Ketelaere appears to be closing in on a move to AC Milan. The Whites reportedly lodged an unsuccessful £31.5m offer for the Belgian marksman, who would prefer to join the Serie A champions instead. In his press conference on Wednesday, Marsch was reluctant to give up hope. "I’d say we’re actively pursuing both [left-back and striker] positions," he said while on the club's pre-season tour of Australia. "The striker one, I think it’s been well-documented that De Ketelaere was a goal of ours and it’s not finished yet with him."