The cap will last until September 11 as Heathrow struggles to cope with demand. Airlines have been asked to stop selling tickets as 4,000 seats are set to be cut each day. The move will likely impact thousands of British tourists. Heathrow chief executive John Holland-Kaye said: “Over the past few weeks, as departing passenger numbers have regularly exceeded 100,000 a day, we have started to see periods when service drops to a level that is not acceptable: long queue times, delays for passengers requiring assistance, bags not travelling with passengers or arriving late, low punctuality and last-minute cancellations. “This is due to a combination of reduced arrivals punctuality (as a result of delays at other airports and in European airspace) and increased passenger numbers starting to exceed the combined capacity of airlines, airline ground handlers and the airport. “Our colleagues are going above and beyond to get as many passengers away as possible, but we cannot put them at risk for their own safety and wellbeing.” READ MORE: ‘So small’ The Cruise ‘snob’ passenger moans about cabin  Heathrow has told airlines to stop selling summer tickets as around 4,000 seats per day will be cut. Holland-Kaye said only around 1,500 of the 4,000 seats had already been sold for summer. He said: “We are asking our airline partners to stop selling summer tickets to limit the impact on passengers. "By making this intervention now, our objective is to protect flights for the vast majority of passengers at Heathrow this summer and to give confidence that everyone who does travel through the airport will have a safe and reliable journey and arrive at their destination with their bags. "We recognise that this will mean some summer journeys will either be moved to another day, another airport or be cancelled and we apologise to those whose travel plans are affected." Michael Foote, Editor in Chief of Quotegoat.com said: "This is incredibly frustrating for travellers and their families. “If your flight is cancelled you should be asked whether you want a full refund or to re-book on an alternative flight. “The airline should cover the cost of transport if you need to travel from a different airport to catch your replacement flight. READ MORE: Cruise holiday tip to protect valuables - what not to take to port “You’re also entitled to financial compensation if you’re delayed two or more hours by the replacement flight offered and you were given less than two weeks' notice. “If your flight is cancelled less than seven days before departure you may be able to claim between £110 - £520 compensation depending on the distance of your flight.” Heathrow passengers have faced chaotic scenes in recent weeks with flight cancellations and delays. Issues with baggage processing at some terminals has led to passengers being forced to fly without luggage. Guy Hobbs, Acting Editor of Which? Travel, said:“While this cap may ease the unacceptable chaos passengers are facing at the UK's biggest airport, thousands of people will now be worrying about whether their flight or holiday plans are about to fall apart. “Heathrow must work with airlines to quickly provide clarity on which flights are being cut, and airlines need to be upfront with those passengers affected about their right to be rebooked at the earliest opportunity, including on services from other airlines. “This daily drip-feed of disappointment will be hugely unsettling for individuals and families. Airports and airlines need to be held to account for the unacceptable disruption travellers have faced in recent months. The government must give the Civil Aviation Authority stronger powers so it can hit operators with heavy fines when they flout the rules.”