Manchester United are staying quiet over the possibility of Cristiano Ronaldo leaving the club before the start of the new Premier League campaign, according to reports. Ronaldo is said to be keen on cutting ties with the Red Devils in order to play in the Champions League and is believed to have informed those at Old Trafford of his desire to move on if a suitable bid is tabled over the coming weeks. Bayern Munich are one of a handful of clubs to have been linked with a potential approach for Ronaldo this summer, with the German heavyweights said to be lining him up to replace Robert Lewandowski if the Polish forward eventually joins Barcelona. It seems as though United are prepared to wait and see what unfolds, though, after declining to comment on Ronaldo's current situation when quizzed by The Mirror. Speculation linking Ronaldo with a move away from Old Trafford has been rife over the course of this year, with United's failure to seal Champions League qualification at the end of last season posing further questions over the 37-year-old's immediate future at the club. His agent, Jorge Mendes, reportedly met with new Chelsea owner Todd Boehly to discuss the idea of a move to Stamford Bridge but United were quick to insist that he formed a crucial part of Erik ten Hag's plans for the upcoming campaign. However, it has since been reported that Ronaldo has grown disillusioned with the current state of play at United, who are looking to rebuild over the next few transfer windows after falling adrift of the Premier League's elite in recent years. He is also said to have been left frustrated by the club's lack of progress in the summer market, although moves for Barcelona midfielder Frenkie de Jong and Feyenoord defender Tyrell Malacia are believed to be very close. JUST IN: Obvious free transfer can solve a major Man Utd problem Ronaldo is said to be adamant that he still has plenty to offer at the highest levels of the game despite celebrating his 37th birthday earlier this year. It remains to be seen whether he will eventually get his wish of an Old Trafford exit over the coming weeks and months or if he will be forced to honour the rest of his United contract, which is set to run until the end of next season. The Portuguese maestro was arguably United's best player over the course of the previous campaign, leading the charge in attack with a tally of 24 goals in all competitions. However, it seems as if the club's lack of Champions League football could ultimately spell a premature end to Ronaldo's second spell on their books in the not-too-distant future. Meanwhile, United have already been urged to get rid of Ronaldo this summer by Arsenal icon Paul Merson, who believes that he should chase a move to Paris Saint-Germain in order to link up with Lionel Messi as part of a star-studded squad in the French capital. "Erik ten Hag's revolution can't start until Ronaldo has left Manchester United in my opinion," wrote Merson in his latest column for the Daily Star. "And Ronaldo isn't winning the title at Old Trafford so why stay anyway? He doesn't have many years left to win the big prizes. Imagine him at PSG with Messi. "They've spent years being rivals. It would be fun to watch them end their careers as team-mates. And you keep hearing that Neymar could be leaving PSG so you could have a forward line of Messi, Ronaldo and Kylian Mbappe! "It would be Harlem Globetrotters stuff but that is what they do there and Ronaldo would be guaranteed to win big trophies again." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here