Lisandro Martinez has posed for a picture with his personal chef as his move to Manchester United edges closer. John Murtough has been working on a deal for the Argentina international over the last few weeks. And, now, a move to Old Trafford is close. Manchester United want to sign Martinez, believing he’d offer different qualities to the likes of Harry Maguire, Victor Lindelof, Raphael Varane and Eric Bailly. There have been suggestions today that an agreement has been reached after Edwin van der Sar got involved to help smoothen negotiations. And, now, Martinez has posed for a picture with his personal chef. Kabir Kohli took to Instagram to share an image of himself with Martinez, tagging the Ajax star in the image. And he also shared a message that read: “Man Utd fans - treat him well!”, while saying it was a ‘farewell dinner’ with sad emojis. Martinez, it seems, won’t be bringing his chef with him to England when his move goes through. Man Utd transfers: The mouthwatering XI to tackle Brighton with 5 new signings But United will be delighted at news his transfer is close, with the 24-year-old unlikely to be their last signing of the summer. United are also on the verge of landing Frenkie de Jong, having finally come to an agreement with Barcelona. They’re confident personal terms with the midfielder won’t be an issue, either, despite claims he’s unwilling to leave the Nou Camp. United are confident they’ll soon be able to unveil Christian Eriksen, too, with the Denmark international set to join just over a year after he suffered a cardiac arrest at the European Championships. And they’d also like to land Antony, though Ajax are determined to prevent another prized asset from moving to Old Trafford. When Martinez’s move to United is official, he’ll become the eighth Argentine to play for the club. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Man Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leave Man Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong Big things were expected of Juan Sebastian Veron when he touched down in 2001, only for the midfielder to struggle before moving to Chelsea. Gabriel Heinze won plaudits upon moving in 2004, before then falling down the pecking order following the arrival of Patrice Evra and trying to force a move to Liverpool. Carlos Tevez won two league titles at the club, but did upset supporters by moving to Manchester City in 2009. Angel Di Maria received a hostile reception when he returned to United after jumping ship to Paris Saint-Germain in 2015. And Sergio Romero, Marcos Rojo and Alejandro Garnacho have also turned out for the club in recent years, too. Martinez, meanwhile, recently spoke out and insisted he’s proud of what he’s achieved throughout his spell in the Netherlands. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “I am so proud of what I have achieved at Ajax and under Ten Hag,” he said. “I grew as a player and became an Argentinian international thanks to my development at Ajax. “And I even got to wear the captaincy armband for my country. “That was the day my father cried, it was very emotional. My mum cried too, my uncles, aunties, cousins, everyone. “The World Cup is definitely my goal. We have great players and we must all be ready for it. We won the Copa America together and can do it again.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And Martinez also admitted he’s aiming to base his game on Italian legend Fabio Cannavaro, too. “Cannavaro was comfortable on the ball,” he claimed. “And, despite his lack of height, he challenged for every ball as if it was the last tackle to win the game. “I loved that style. And I am just like him. “I would prefer not to be like Virgil van Dijk. His height is certainly a big plus, but when you don’t have the other qualities, it is worth nothing.”