Kate Middleton, 40, is famed for her slim figure and physique. But what is her secret to maintaining healthy? The Duchess of Cambridge reportedly has a knack for keeping slim that doesn't involve working out or fasting from food. Kate loves keeping active but her top tip for weight loss actually involves no exercise. Most Britons opt for the treadmill or a personal trainer to keep fit and healthy. But the Duchess does not need to do either of those things. Kate has a very slender figure. While she is into active sports like tennis and jogging, her top secret is reportedly getting a good night’s sleep. READ MORE: Kate Middleton bans nanny from using certain word around children According to experts at Bed Kingdom, sleep is vital to boosting energy, slowing down ageing and helping with digestion and weight loss. Drifting off is not always easy, but the experts say there is one thing you can do to get your body into relaxation mode, and that is not eating too much before bed. “Around 6pm to 7pm is an ideal dinner time, depending on when your bedtime is,” they explained. This is because “the stomach working to digest food can keep you awake”.  While Kate opts for oatmeal and antioxidant-rich smoothies in the morning, she is said to prefer something a little heartier and comforting in the evening such as roasts, pasta dishes and curries. Another way she increases the chances of a good night’s sleep is by keeping active during the day. Like her sister Pippa, Kate is known to be a keen runner. She can often be seen jogging around Norfolk where the Cambridges have a second home. READ MORE: Kate and Prince William ‘never go over the top’ with children Zara Tindall’s husband, Mike Tindall, even said during an interview on House of Rugby that the Duchess of Cambridge would be his chosen royal for a dream rugby team. He explained: “I’ve got the Duchess of Cambridge on one wing because she loves running. “She can run all day. Engine!” Kate is also said to enjoy Crossfit, “a form of high-intensity interval training that exerts enough energy during the day to create a great night’s sleep” according to Bed Kingdom.