As the cost of living crisis continues, and energy bills soar, many families will be looking for ways to keep their energy usage low to void high bills. Rik Smith, former USwitch energy expert spoke exclusively with Express.co.uk to provide insight on how UK households can tackle these soaring bills. Energy bills are on the rise and are expected to go up even further in the months ahead. New research carried out by Cornwall Insights suggests that the energy price cap is likely to hit £3,000 by January of next year. Rik explained that people can cut costs with their washing machines and tumble driers. As modern bio and non-bio washing powders are still really effective at low temperatures, he suggested Britons consider switching to 30C or even 20C if possible, to help reduce the washing machine’s electricity use. READ MORE: 'Will result in huge benefits!' Couple explain how they cut bills by over £1,000 a year  “The most effective way to dry your clothes using a dehumidifier is to put them on a drying rack and put it in a small (if possible) space where you can shut the door and leave the dehumidifier to do its job.” Rip stated that “one of the most important things you can do to save money” is to ensure that people have their heating and hot water flowing at the right temperature. The default temperature settings are usually too high - adding massively to one’s bills and emissions. Britons with a boiler and a hot water cylinder should set their flow temperature to a few degrees over 60°C for heating and hot water. READ MORE: 'Going to change my life': Pensioner in tears after boss gives her £16k towards retirement He added: “If you have a combi boiler, we recommend setting your flow temperature to 50°C for hot water and 55°C for heating, as although it will take a little longer to heat up, the gas savings will certainly make it worthwhile. “Equally important is setting the right temperature. For most people, setting the thermostat to 20°C will be comfortable but if you are still cold you can of course turn it up slightly. If you’re in a hurry to heat up the house, it’s important to remember that setting it to 28°C won’t warm it any quicker than setting it at 21°C.” Another tip Rik gave was timing. People should not allow their boiler to run at all hours of the day. He said: “Timing is also key – you don’t need to heat an empty home! Ensure that your boiler isn’t running 24 hours a day and set your heat to come on 30 minutes before it’s needed and turn off 30 minutes early as well. This will allow the room to heat up and let you make the most of residual heat.” “Also, draughts can quickly allow heat to escape and undo the effects of your heating. Some easy and useful ways to eliminate draughts are to consider using a silicone sealant to seal any gaps around windows and doors, keep doors between rooms closed when not in use to keep the heat in and consider getting a draught excluder for any doors that lead to the outside.” He explained that UK household bills have hit an average of over £160 per month due to the energy price cap increasing by 54 percent as of April 1, 2022. This is likely to rise again in October as another increase is due to be announced on August 26. Rik concluded: “With 75 percent of homes using these tariffs, the majority are already facing unprecedented rises and so it’s important to know the simple things you can do to save on bills. “For example, it’s always cheaper to pay your energy bills by direct debit as it helps you to arrive at a single monthly figure.”