Manchester United star Cristiano Ronaldo was substituted by Erik ten Hag against Rayo Vallecano at half-time on Sunday afternoon. The Portugal international was making his first appearance under his new boss. However, he was hooked in the interval - having struggled to make his mark during the game. Manchester United went strong for their match with Real Vallecano. Tom Heaton started in goal, in front of a back four that consisted of Ethan Laird, Lisandro Martinez, Raphael Varane and Alex Telles. In midfield, Donny van de Beek and Christian Eriksen were deployed together - with James Garner then acting as an anchorman in the middle of the park. And Ten Hag decided to start the game with a front three consisting of Ronaldo, Tahith Chong and Alejandro Garnacho. But Ronaldo was taken off at the break after struggling to make his mark during the fixture. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative It appears Ten Hag wants to give more minutes to other players in his squad, with Amad proceeding to net after being introduced. Before the game, the United boss had opened up on Ronaldo and suggested that he wouldn't be ready to start matches on a regular basis until he regains full match fitness. "I cannot tell in this moment," he told Sky Sports. "He is definitely not on the level of our current squad, because he missed a lot of week. "So he needs games and he needs a lot of training." DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd respond to claims De Jong doesn’t want to join How Ronaldo feels about being taken off is unclear. He was livid on occasions when he was substituted last term, particularly during Ralf Rangnick’s interim spell in the dugout. Ronaldo wants to leave United this summer for a team who can offer him Champions League football, with the veteran reluctant to play in the Europa League in the latter stages of his career. There have been linked to the likes of Chelsea, Bayern Munich, Atletico Madrid and Sporting Lisbon this summer. However, for now, nobody has bid for the United star - with the Red Devils adamant he isn’t for sale. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team Meanwhile, former Chelsea striker Tony Cascarino has urged Ronaldo to stay and be a leader at United. "Ronaldo’s role is not just about getting more goals in the Champions League. Yeah great, brilliant," he said. "So your whole goal in your life is to break records? Now he’s at the stage of his career now where the club he’s at is trying to reignite itself and it needs a leader. "He must be that leader on the football pitch, for them as a team to try and galvanise something. If Ronaldo thinks it’s only about his goals, he’ll achieve his goals but the club will still fail."