Thor Bjornsson’s next fight is looking likely to be announced next week as the Icelandic giant confirms talks with Tyson Fury. According to Bjornsson’s trainer Billy Nelson, ‘The Mountain’ has a “very big” fight in the pipeline which is close to completion. This news comes at a time in which there is heavy speculation over a potential exhibition bout with Fury. The pair went back and forth over social media recently and have now begun talks according to the strongman-turned-boxer. "Yes, there's been talks, yes it's been back and forth between me and Tyson Fury,” said Bjornsson revealed on Friday. “He mentioned he wanted to come here to Iceland, we'll see. I can't go into details, but if things work out, I would gladly dance with Tyson and I would gladly and be honoured to share the ring with him.” Now, Bjornsson’s head trainer has told Express Sport that the 33-year-old’s next fight is nearly ready to be announced. “There is something very big in the pipeline for him. I can’t say anything at present but next week it will probably get announced,” said Nelson. Talking about a potential fight with Fury, Nelson said: “It would be a six to eight round exhibition contest, won’t it? What an experience for him [Bjornsson] and great for both their profiles. It’s an exhibition, so no one is getting knocked out you wouldn’t think. You would hope not anyway, but you never know.” Nelson is the current trainer of fast-rising heavyweight contender Martin Bakole and formerly of three-weight world champion Ricky Burns. Bjornsson started training with Nelson during the lead-up to his titanic showdown with Eddie Hall in March and chose the Scotsman to head up his camp after just two days of working together. MORE BOXING NEWS... Paul blasted for 'trying to cheat' after inserting clause to contract Conor Benn vs Chris Eubank Jr IS 'on' as date and venue emerge desp... Mayweather drops bombshell as boxing legend explains three-fight plan “I didn’t have a clue who he was. I really didn’t,” said Nelson. “I’ve never watched Game of Thrones. I’ve seen snippets of world strongman, but his name had certainly never sprung to mind. “It was something I wasn’t particularly interested in but with Martin’s [Bakole] VISA issue I didn’t have much going on, so I thought might as well, and then on the second day of training, he asked me to be his full-time coach. I guess he must have been impressed by the way I wrapped his hands. It couldn’t have been anything else. I’m still trying to work out to this day, why he chose me so quickly.”