I have explained to people many times that the end of any Prime Ministerial reign is only ever a matter of when not if as no one can go on forever. And that when for Boris is now. For most people, and this is no different for Boris, their greatest strength proves to be their greatest vulnerability. What made Boris the only choice for leader to get Brexit done – his unpredictability, his irreverence, his sheer brute force, stubbornness and bullishness – has also brought about his demise. The light that burns brightest never burns the longest. His inability to take advice from those who had his best interests at heart had become frustratingly clear during his leadership and turned his last few days into a tragic farce with minister after minister asking him to stand down and it took 56 ministers to resign in just over 24 hours until he did. One after another turned against him and then to the media to air their grievances until he eventually listened, and it was only with the collapse of his ministerial team and insufficient replacement candidates did he quit. Whoever comes next – and I suspect there won't be a shortage of candidates – needs to concentrate on delivering on five core issues: First, they need to ensure no rowing back on Brexit and proceed with the changes to the Northern Ireland protocol to protect the integrity of the United Kingdom. We all need to feel the benefit of Brexit, so why not remove VAT off fuel immediately to help with the cost of living and reduce regulatory burdens for businesses. Second, they need to guarantee that never again will we ever see damaging lockdowns in the face of a pandemic which has so collapsed our economy; instead ensuring any shielding of the vulnerable is done in a proportionate and limited way. Any attempts to introduce restrictions and face mask wearing every winter must be ruled out. Third, they need to start a programme of tax cuts to bring down the record burden of taxation, and put money back in people's pockets to help them through this cost of living crisis; and ensure that we start spending responsibly again cutting the cost of government. Fourth, they need to reduce the level of overall immigration, and do whatever it takes to clamp down on the levels of illegal immigration – not least the dinghies which continue to come over in droves from France. Fifth, they will need to deliver on the levelling up agenda making sure people in the North don't have to move south in order to get opportunities in life. Scrapping the wasteful white elephant of HS2 and delivering on a full Northern Powerhouse Rail programme across the north would be a good place to start, as would giving tax incentives for businesses to relocate north. Added to that, the next Prime Minister will need to reassure the public that they have the integrity to restore their trust in the political leadership of the country, and reassure us all that they won’t start wobbling on this agenda when the political waters inevitably become choppy. They also need to learn from Boris’s demise. He moved away from a Conservative path the country thought they had voted for and foolishly ventured down a socialist one with state interventionist lockdowns, high taxes and out of control spending, and that was actually the chief factor which sealed his fate. Many might worry that looking for a new Prime Minister will be a long and miserable period for the country. That need not be the case – in fact it should be an exhilarating, rejuvenating period with a lively debate about the future of the country, and all completed over the summer. We must not squander this opportunity, and we must use it to reconnect with true Conservative values and those 2019 voters who are craving for the government to deliver on that authentic Conservative agenda. Esther McVey MP is the founder of the Blue Collar Conservative Movement.