This animal abuse is all done in the name of entertainment. But the vile, annual bloodbath must end, which is why I travelled to the city to take part in a protest.On July 5, the day before the Running of the Bulls, I joined PETA activists from around the world, including many from Spain, in a colourful march to highlight the horror bulls are subjected to in this event, which was brought back for the first time since the pandemic. We took the same narrow route the bulls are forced to take – along the cobbled streets on which they slip and slide, crashing into walls, breaking limbs, and sustaining other appalling injuries.Many of the people – mostly tourists – who chase the bulls “for fun” do not realise that every one of them will be subjected to a prolonged, violent, and agonising death in the bullring later that day.Travel agents promote the annual Running of the Bulls as something that should be on every traveler’s bucket list. But tourists aren’t told that at the end of each day, the exhausted animals are led, one by one, into the bullring to fight to the death – or that it’s never a fair fight, because the bull doesn’t stand a chance.The bull enters the ring exhausted and terrified. Men then proceed to taunt and repeatedly stab him with a lance and harpoon-like banderillas until he’s dizzy and weak from blood loss.Then the matador – the “killer” – stabs the bull with his sword.Often there will be several failed attempts to sever the bull’s spinal cord, then, while he’s still conscious, his ears and tail are cut off as “trophies” and he’s dragged out of the arena in chains.Then another bull enters, and the horrific cycle starts again. If this torture were inflicted on cats or dogs, the perpetrators would be in prison, and yet, bulls suffer just as much. It’s hard to believe this disgusting blood sport is legal and that every year, 7,000 bulls are tortured and killed in this way in Spanish bullrings.  Fortunately, times are changing fast. International condemnation of bullfighting is building by the day. And the movement against this outdated tradition is growing in Spain, too.Today, more than 125 Spanish towns and cities have taken a stance against bullfighting. Even Madrid, the birthplace of the blood sport, is witnessing a shift in attitude, demonstrated by the regular occurrence of large-scale public protests.Experts say 95 percent of the Spanish population does not attend bullfights. And earlier this year, El País, Spain’s largest newspaper, announced its decision to remove the bullfighting section from its printed pages – while one of the paper’s journalists declared that promoting the sport was “not progressive”.But until every last bullring is closed and every bull run is banned, I’ll keep fighting.So will many others. And everyone can help by never attending bullfights or any events that include them – and by urging all their friends and family to do the same.  This year, 42 activists – representing the 42 bulls slaughtered each year in Pamplona – dressed up as dinosaurs and called for this horrific antiquated spectacle to be relegated to the dustbin of history.Bullfighting has a long history in Spain, but times and sensibilities have changed. It’s not tradition – it’s torture.It is inhumane and unethical to pit an unwilling, confused, terrified bull against spear- and sword-wielding men and make him fight to the death.That is why people everywhere are demanding an end to bull runs and bullfights and why I took to the streets in Spain. 