The laundry expert claimed this hack is “extra beneficial for white sheets”. Bed sheets can become homes for bacteria if they’re not washed correctly or regularly. Good quality, clean bedding can make a bedroom feel hotel-worthy and luxurious. Martin Seeley, CEO and sleep expert at MattressNextDay has shared his guide to getting rid of bacteria from bed sheets. According to Martin, drying sheets outside in the sun helps to remove bacteria. Using a tumble dryer might be the easy option but it can make bedding more wrinkly. Tumble dryers are also expensive and are one of the most energy-intensive appliances in the home. READ MORE: Ideal temperature to ‘effectively’ clean bed sheets - ‘kills bacteria’ The most expensive tumble dryer can cost owners £175 per year. The bedding expert suggested “always” hanging your sheets outside. He said: “The creases should naturally fall out plus the ultra-violet rays of the sunlight will remove any bacteria and bleach your sheets, which is extra beneficial for those with white sheets.” To keep bedding especially fresh, homeowners should aim to wash sheets weekly.  DON'T MISSAre there 'criminal plants' in your garden? 9 plants you can’t grow [INSIGHT]Homes Under the Hammer buyer makes £60k after simple layout change [UPDATE]Mrs Hinch fans share how to rid ‘brown stains’ from toilet bowls [ANALYSIS] Washing bedding and towels at 60C is usually recommended as this will kill any bacteria. A strong detergent should also be used because the temperature alone won’t kill bacteria. Those who don’t sleep on their mattress every day could wash their sheets every fortnight. Some people may need to wash their sheets more than once a week. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Duvet covers need to be washed once every two weeks. Pillows, if washable, should be washed every four to six months. Blankets need to be washed once every two to three months. Pillowcases should also be washed once a week. Water and fabric softener will eliminate wrinkles from sheets.  When both water and conditioner are mixed, it creates a crease-release spray. The expert said: “Create a mixture of half and half for each and use it when making your bed in the morning. “If you see a wrinkle, spray the water, and pull the sheet towards you until the wrinkle disappears.” This method should not only remove wrinkles but oust any unpleasant smells too.