Chelsea’s talks over the signing of Manchester United ace Cristiano Ronaldo are reportedly continuing as the Blues go in search of a new striker. But Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel could veto the transfer.  Ronaldo has been linked with a move away from Old Trafford ahead of the new campaign, despite the fact he only joined United for a second time last summer. And the Blues have entered the race to sign him, alongside the likes of Bayern Munich and Napoli. According to The Athletic, new Chelsea owners Todd Boehly and Behdad Eghbali are intrigued by the idea of landing the blockbuster star. And discussions with his agent Jorge Mendes are carrying on. Tuchel admires Ronaldo, who bagged 24 goals in all competitions last season and is regarded as one of the best players to ever play the game. But it is unclear at this stage whether the German would approve the deal. READ MORE: Arsenal make move to beat Man Utd to Lisandro Martinez with 'improved offer'    United, meanwhile, currently say the 37-year-old is not for sale - but Chelsea are monitoring the situation and are not ruling out a deal for the superstar. Ronaldo often cut a frustrated figure at Old Trafford last season after the Red Devils suffered an egregious campaign. When the veteran put pen-to-paper on a two-year deal in Manchester, Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was in charge. But following a string of poor results which culminated in an embarrassing 4-1 thrashing at the hands of Watford last November, the Norwegian was replaced by Ralf Rangnick until the end of the season. Rangnick fared no better than Solskjaer as United’s season went from bad to worse in the New Year. After being knocked out of the FA Cup by Championship side Middlesbrough in February, the Red Devils soon made their Champions League exit at the round of 16 when Atletico Madrid got the better of them over two legs. And the team ultimately finished sixth in the Premier League. DON'T MISSArsenal's transfer window in danger of collapsing with three deals now in major doubtLeeds 'submit transfer request' for former Arsenal target amid Raphinha uncertaintyTottenham told £34m target won't be seventh signing as Conte given transfer deadline  According to the Independent, Ronaldo wants to join a team who are playing in the Champions League and is willing to take a considerable pay cut to make that a reality. So joining Chelsea could make perfect sense for the former Real Madrid frontman. Tuchel’s side will be playing in the top-tier European competition during the coming season after finishing third in the Premier League last time around. And they could do with a player who knows how to put the ball in the back of the net. Last season’s top scorer Romelu Lukaku was considered a flop after signing for Chelsea for a second time last summer and has been shipped back to Inter Milan on loan. And if the Chelsea owners can convince Tuchel that Ronaldo is the answer to his striker problems, the Portugal international could arrive in west London and convert the sort of chances that Lukaku was unable to.    