New data from Rightmove’s July House Price Index brings more good news for sellers, but a bleak future lies ahead for first-time buyers. New challenges for those looking to purchase property follow a further rise in the average price of homes coming to market, which has now peaked at a record of £369,968, up by £1,354 throughout the month. Further rises in house prices are expected to continue as the demand to move “remains high” across the UK, but what else do you need to know as a renter, seller or buyer? Rightmove has revealed that the property market is “cooling from boil to simmer”, despite the latest 0.4 percent increase in property prices throughout July. The property portal said: “Having more new sellers this month is a win-win for the market, as these sellers will likely achieve good prices for their homes given the sixth asking price record in a row that we’ve now seen, which may help to explain the increase in new stock coming to market over the last year. “While more choice is welcome news, the number of homes available remains well below the more normal levels of 2019 and is unable to satisfy the continued high demand that we’re seeing. “With such an imbalance remaining between supply and demand, prices look underpinned, and we would therefore only expect typical smaller seasonal month-on-month falls, rather than more significant price falls in the second half of the year.” READ MORE: 'Energy bill already 50% less': Crucial guidance to keep costs down Both first-time buyers asking prices and average rents for equivalent properties have risen at a staggering rate in the past two years, making it “increasingly difficult” for aspiring buyers to get onto the property ladder. According to Rightmove analysis, average monthly rental payments are 17 percent higher than they were two years ago, compared to a five percent rise in the two previous years. Making the move from renting to buying is increasingly difficult now too, as asking prices and down payments have also increased. Those looking to buy for the first time will now need around £2,560 more for a 10 percent deposit than they would have two years ago, following a rapid increase in average prices.  Rightmove said: “First-time buyer type properties (two bedrooms and fewer) are up by £17,557 since July 2020, compared with the £8,069 rise between July 2018 and July 2020.” Their analysis found that: In addition to the sharp incline in property prices, mortgage payments have also risen at a rapid rate, now costing buyers 22 percent more on average than the equivalent two years ago. Based on the latest Rightmove data, monthly mortgage payments for a new first-time buyer cost £976 on average. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea The team at Private Finance said: “This data is not surprising, and just highlights the increased challenges for first-time buyers to get onto the property ladder. “The problem here is the supply shortage of first homes with build numbers not reaching targets, but also there is a reluctance amongst second steppers to move further up the housing ladder; this is due to increased economic uncertainties, higher costs of living they are now facing as well, and what is often seen as extreme costs to move (estate agents costs, solicitors costs, moving costs and stamp duty soon getting into the tens of thousands).” Despite the challenges faced by first-time buyers, there are still 35 percent more people enquiring to buy their first home now than back in the last more normal market of 2019. Tim Bannister, Rightmove’s Data Expert, said: “For would-be first-time buyers who are trying to save up a deposit, they are chasing a fast-moving target as average asking prices for first-time buyer homes hit another new record, and rise more quickly than they did before the pandemic. “Those that have been able to save up a deposit are now facing rising interest rates when considering what they can afford to repay each month. “Given the economic uncertainty at the moment, first-time buyers may seek some financial certainty by locking in a longer fixed-rate mortgage term now, before interest rates rise again.” DON'T MISS:Baking soda cleaning: 5 areas to clean - from sinks to showers [REVEAL]Can you mow your lawn when it's raining? [ANALYSIS]Tomato plant pruning: How to fix yellow or curled-up leaves [INSIGHT]  Luckily for first-time buyers, there is still a broad range of mortgages available to them from as little as a five percent deposit. One tool many first-time buyers can utilise to increase affordability is stretching the mortgage term to the maximum. This is even more useful for buyers in the current market because the gap between interest rates for shorter and longer-term mortgages has been closing in recent years, and they are now virtually the same. Tim Bannister Rightmove’s Director of Property Science explained that the average interest rate for a 75 percent loan-to-value mortgage is now 2.9 percent for either a two-year or five-year fixed deal. Historically lenders offered a lower rate on a two-year fix, with a difference of as much as one percent between the two deals over the past five years.