Wimbledon fans were left frantically trying to find a feed for the start of Nick Kyrgios' match against Brandon Nakashima as BBC Two missed the start of the fourth-round tie. The 27-year-old still got out in time to prepare and arrive on Centre Court before the match was scheduled to start at 1.30pm. But BBC's coverage on both channels was yet to start with BBC Two still showing Alex de Minaur's match with Cristian Garin. The match out on Court Two got underway at 11 and De Minaur had taken the opening two sets. There was little separating the two players in the third though with just a few games left of the set as Kyrgios' match was about to start. Fans hoping to catch a glimpse of Kyrgios on TV were left waiting as the BBC continued showing De Minaur's match before finally cutting to Centre Court midway through the second game.  And viewers trying to watch they very start of the match on Centre weren't impressed with the BBC delaying the feed. One Twitter user wrote: "No worries @bbc take all the time in the world. I mean it's only Nick Kyrgios playing." Another frantically wrote: "What channel is Kyrgios playing on now I’ve been on BBC One and Two?!!!" But there were also some fans annoyed that they cut away from De Minaur's match in what could have been the final few points.   "Middle of a great match and the BBC switch off to force feed us that spoilt brat Kyrgios," one fan fumed. A second posted: "Oh look, it’s the BBC talking a great match off air to give the large man child that is Nick Kyrgios some MORE air time." Both Nakashima and Kyrgios started the game well on serve, with neither able to find a break-point opportunity in the early stages. Kyrgios is aiming to reach the quarter-finals of a Grand Slam for the first time since the 2015 Australian Open. He could end up facing fellow countryman De Minaur in the next round if the pair win their fourth-round ties. Kyrgios is also in the same half of the draw as Rafael Nadal with a potential blockbuster semi-final clash on the horizon.