Manchester United's attempts to sign Barcelona midfielder Frenkie de Jong have yielded nothing but frustration so far this summer. De Jong is Erik ten Hag's top target and United have yet to concede defeat in their hopes of signing the Dutchman. That's because Barca also want to do the deal to raise cash to ease their financial issues. There is already an agreement in principle between the two clubs but De Jong, whose preference is to stay in Spain, is holding up the deal. He is owed £14m by Barca in deferred wages and wants his money to leave. Despite those owed funds, the Catalan club have still been spending huge amounts on new players like Raphinha and Robert Lewandowski. But as the De Jong saga continues to drag on, one of United's high-quality alternatives has emerged. Sky Sport Germany have relaid claims from Italian outlet Calciomercato that Lazio's Sergej Milinkovic-Savic is a back-up option for the Red Devils if they can't sign De Jong. The 27-year-old is valued at £63million by Transfermarkt and Calciomercato say Lazio's price tag is at least £59m. The Serbian international, with 34 caps, has long been linked to United. And him heading to Old Trafford might frustrate their former manager Jose Mourinho. DON'T MISS: Man Utd transfer news - De Jong choice close, Ronaldo and more Mourinho, now at Roma, was the United boss between May 2016 and December 2018 and was keen to sign Milinkovic-Savic before he was sacked. The Portuguese boss was present as Serbia defeated Montenegro in the Nations League in October that year, a match in which Milinkovic-Savic came on as a late substitute and registered an assist. Afterwards, the midfielder reacted of Mourinho's presence in Podgorica: "I am a Lazio player but it is obvious that I was pleased that a coach of his stature came to watch the match." The years since have proven Mourinho wasn't wrong about Milinkovic-Savic's talents. In the three seasons since that scouting trip, the player has returned 26 goals and 27 goals in 106 Serie A matches from midfield. Milinkovic-Savic is under contract until 2024 at Lazio and Calciomercato say he will not sign a new deal. As a result, Lazio may be willing to do business now - at the right price. MORE MAN UTD NEWS...Rashford lifts lid on Man Utd squad mood and issues Ten Hag warningMan Utd 'return for Ed Woodward target' as Frenkie de Jong frustratesMan Utd 'in touch with other midfielders' as De Jong deadline nears He is a very different style of player to De Jong but the Serb would no doubt improve Ten Hag's central midfield options. But though Milinkovic-Savic to United would see Roma's arch-rivals Lazio lose a key player, Mourinho would no doubt harbour some frustrations that United would be signing one of his major targets several years later. The Portuguese coach famously said in the summer of 2018 on potential new signings: "One thing is what I want and another thing is what is going to happen." He also said: "I would like to have two more players. I think I'm not going to get two. I think that it's possible I will have one. I gave a list to my club of five names a few months ago and I wait to see if it’s possible to have one of these players." Milinkovic-Savic wasn't a possibility then. Now, though, if Ten Hag is denied De Jong, he may finally arrive at United. Ironically his acquisition would come at a time when their current manager would prefer somebody else. Click HERE to buy the new Man Utd home shirt