Princess Charlene and her husband Prince Albert travelled from Monaco to the Vatican for a private meeting with Pope Francis. The 44-year-old mother-of-two appeared to overlook a rule which allows her to wear white as she attended the meeting dressed in black. According to People, Charlene wore a black dress with a bateau neckline and a rosary bead necklace along with a black lace veil. Charlene is one of only seven women allowed to wear white clothing while meeting the Pope. The South African Commonwealth Games silver medalist has previously worn white clothing during her engagements with the Pope. The tradition, known as "the privilege of the white", is extended solely to designated Catholic Queens and Princesses and is usually reserved for important events at the Vatican. JUST IN: Princess Beatrice and husband broke tradition hours before their wedding in radical move The small group of women have been afforded the privilege of the white, including Queen Sofia of Spain, Queen Paola of Belgium, Grand Duchess Maria Teresa of Luxembourg, Queen Mathilde of Belgium, Queen Letizia of Spain, Princess Marina of Naples and Princess Charlene. Charlene notably previously wore white during an audience with Pope Benedict XVI in 2013. She would do so again at a later event with Pope Francis in 2016. However, she also wore black at the Inauguration Mass of Pope Francis in St Peter's Square in 2013. During their 25-minute meeting with the Pope in the Apostolic Library, the couple exchanged gifts with the leader of the Catholic Church. Pope Francis even presented the pair with a bronze depiction of a child helping another child get up from the ground with the words "love" and "help" etched on the figures' sides. Albert gave the Pope a sketch of the Chapel of St John the Baptist, which is located in the Royal Palace of Monaco, in return. Albert and Charlene's visit to the Vatican is not unusual for a member of the Monegasque Royal Family. DON'T MISS: Meghan and Harry's US stay questioned as Duke speech sparks fury [REVEAL] Meghan acted liked a 'princess' at NY restaurant with Harry [INSIGHT] Harry and Meghan's UN visit sparks protest 'Why are they here?' [SPOTLIGHT] Albert's parents, Prince Rainier III and Princess Grace were received by Pope Pius XII in 1957, John XXIII in 1959 and Paul VI in 1974. Prince Albert also made his first public appearance as sovereign outside of the principality at the funeral of Pope John Paul II in 2005.