Sophie Wessex and her husband Prince Edward married in a low-key royal wedding on June 19, 1999. They tied the knot 23 years ago in 1999 at St George's Chapel in Windsor in what was described as an "informal" wedding. The entire Royal Family were in attendance on the sunny day in Windsor.  Sophie looked stunning in a wedding gown by Samantha Shaw. The Countess of Wessex was also allowed to wear a tiara from the Queen's private collection. The more relaxed nature of the wedding saw the couple impose a less formal dress code. They asked their guests to don evening wear and not wear hats, as is usually expected at a royal wedding.  READ MORE: Meghan and Harry to spend 'exciting and magical' summer with kids However, one royal did not abide by these rules at all. Some royals appeared to bend these rules slightly, but one member of the Royal Family shunned it all together. The Queen followed the rules by choosing to wear a delicate lilac fascinator in her hair, instead of a hat. Meanwhile, Princess Anne opted for a small green hair accessory.   However, when it came to Edward's grandmother the late Queen Mother, she refused to follow Sophie’s dress code. She still wore a hat as she was rarely seen in public without one. After their wedding ceremony at St George's Chapel, the couple enjoyed a carriage ride around Windsor before heading to their reception in St George's Hall. When Sophie married into the Royal Family more than 20 years ago, some eyebrows were raised when she was not made a Duchess. READ MORE: Kate Middleton stays slim with 'most wallet-friendly' exercise Unlike her sister-in-law, Camilla and her nephew's wife Kate Middleton, Sophie was given the title of Countess of Wessex when she tied the knot with Prince Edward in 1999. Her title came as Edward was bestowed the name Earl of Wessex from his mother the Queen upon marriage. However, the couple could both be set for changes to their Earl and Countess titles in future. But they will have to wait until Edward's older brother Prince Charles becomes King. It was announced at the time of Edward and Sophie's wedding that he would one day succeed his father as the Duke of Edinburgh with the blessing of the late Prince Philip and the Queen. If that happens, this would make Sophie the ‘Duchess of Edinburgh’, a courtesy title which was held by the Queen. But with Charles’s plans to slim down the monarchy, this title change may not go ahead. 