Ackley Bridge is back with pupils and staff ready to get back into the classroom for season five. The Channel 4 drama has seen many of its fan-favourites make their exits during the first four series, including feisty Missy Booth (played by Poppy Lee Friar). Here's everything Express.co.uk knows about teenager Missy's departure. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Ackley Bridge. Missy was one of the most memorable characters in the early days of Ackley Bridge. She didn't have the easiest time at school though as she didn't exactly fit in and fought her battles with her fists. Missy had a traumatic experience when she found her nan dead in the bath and her sister was later taken into foster care. Given how big her presence was in the show, viewers were shocked when Missy's exit storyline came to be in season three. READ MORE: Celebrity MasterChef line-up: Who is competing in the 2022 series? Missy was walking home with her best friend Nasreen (Amy-Leigh Hickman) when they were hit by a speeding car. While Nasreen recovered from her injuries, Missy later died from internal bleeding, leaving everyone at Ackley Bridge devastated. In a statement released at the time, she said: “It’s always sad saying goodbye to a character you’ve played but they always stay in your heart, so Missy is alive forever within me. I adored playing her.” It is believed that actress Lee Friar chose to leave the drama so she could explore new acting opportunities. Following her time on Ackley Bridge, Lee Friar went on to star in the comedy-drama In My Skin as Lydia on Channel 4. She has also been in the TV movies My Name is Leon and Life and Death in the Warehouse. In terms of her upcoming projects, according to her IMDb page, Lee Friar will be starring as Emily Bronte in the biopic The Brontes which is currently in post-production. She will star alongside Game of Thrones actor Daniel Portman who plays Emily and Charlotte Bronte's brother Branwell. DON'T MISS...Sue Barker in tears as BBC plays stunning tribute 'She is Wimbledon'  [TRIBUTE]Ackley Bridge season 5 cast: Who is in the cast of Channel 4 series? [CAST]Ackley Bridge season 5: How many episodes are in Ackley Bridge? [EXPLAINER] Missy's death coincided with Nas' departure from Ackley Bridge who was also one of the show's biggest characters. She had been accepted by Oxford University so left the Yorkshire town to start her new life. But before doing so, Nas said goodbye to her friends and families and scattered Missy's ashes in a touching scene. In real-life, actress Hickman left as she joined the cast of military drama Our Girl on BBC One. Season five will continue to follow the love triangle between Johnny (Ryan Dean), Kayla (Robyn Cara) and Fizza (Yasmin Al-Khudhairi). Fizza and Johnny may have had an on-off romance for years but he has since developed feelings for her best friend Kayla. The pair ran off together from Johnny's wedding to Rose (Olivia Marie Fearn) at the end of season four but how is this going to play out in the fifth series? Ackley Bridge season 5 premieres on Monday, July 11, at 10pm on Channel 4.