Beatrice and her husband, Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi, welcomed their first child in September 2021. She doesn't often speak of her firstborn Sienna, but Beatrice indicated the 10-month-old may follow in her footsteps. During a video call with young people supported by Teenage Cancer Trust, Beatrice revealed her daughter is “already a lifelong patron” of the charity. Beatrice’s mother, Sarah Ferguson, Duchess of York, and sister, Princess Eugenie, all are patrons of the organisation and were present in the video call. Myrna Whiteson MBE, founder and life president of the Trust, thanked the royals for their support and said: "I just wonder when we enlist the little ones?" She added: "Give them a year or two and they'll be doing Teenage Cancer Trust." To which Beatrice gladly responded: "Sienna's already a lifelong patron." READ MORE: Harry created his potential without ‘penny from British taxpayers Sienna turns one in September. Eugenie's son August celebrated his first birthday in February. Teenage Cancer Trust is a cancer care and support charity in the UK which aims to improve the cancer experience of young people aged 13 to 24. Founded in 1990, the charity's key service is providing specialist teenage units in NHS hospitals. Sarah Ferguson has been Patron of Teenage Cancer Trust since the charity opened its first unit in 1990 at the Middlesex Hospital in London. Beatrice and Eugenie have also been loyal supporters of Teenage Cancer Trust for a number of years, having been introduced to the charity by their mother. DON'T MISS: Earl Spencer shares frightening image as estate where Diana grew up on'So sad!' Fears erupt after Prince Harry's 'strange' apperanceMeghan left Vanity Fair editor feeling 'manipulated' with 'demands' Beatrice rarely makes comments about her eight-month-old daughter, Sienna, and a photo of the baby hasn’t officially been released. Ahead of Sienna’s baptism, Hello! royal editor Emily Nash said: "Princess Beatrice is not a working member of the royal family and is more private as a result. “She has shared some personal news on Twitter and may choose to share photographs when Sienna is christened, but there is no expectation on her to do so. “If she does decide to share images it will be a personal decision for her."