Back to the Future the Musical has been running in London’s West End for almost a year now and has gone on to win the Best New Musical award at the Olivier Awards. The film trilogy’s original Doc Brown star Christopher Lloyd attended opening night last year with director Robert Zemeckis and writer/producer Bob Gale. However, COVID-19 struck Roger Bart, who plays the time travelling scientist, and his understudy Mark Oxtoby had to step in last minute with minimal preparation – only to blow the audience away. This week, Lloyd returned to Back to the Future the Musical to see Bart’s Doc Brown performance, having been in England for London Film and Comic Con. The 83-year-old had appeared on a panel there with other stars of the Back to the Future film trilogy, who joined him to see the stage adaptation last night too. They included Claudia Wells (Jennifer Parker), Donald Fullilove (Mayor Goldie Wilson), Frances Lee McCain (Stella Baines) and Jeffrey Weissman (George McFly in Parts II and III). Express.co.uk caught up with both Claudia and Don, before they saw Back to the Future the Musical, to hear their anticipation of seeing other actors play Jennifer and Goldie. Claudia said: “I’m looking forward to meeting the new Jennifer and seeing George because he’s such a funny character. I have no preconceived notion about anything. I’m going in fresh with a blank slate and enjoying the process! I haven’t read about it, so I can just be a real audience member and experience it.” Don told us: “It is absolutely my first time seeing it. I’ve seen exerts on little clips and whatnot, but I’m totally stoked to see this show. I had been in contact with the actor who’s playing Goldie, Cedric Neal, way back when it was in Manchester and I hear that he’s absolutely phenomenal in it.” READ MORE: Marty McFly star Michael J Fox's verdict on Back to the Future musical As Lloyd came in to take his seat in the Adelphi Theatre with Gale, who has been working on the musical over the last several years, he waved to a surprised audience, receiving big cheers and shouts of some of Doc Brown’s catchphrases. After the curtain call, Gale came out on stage and said to the audience: “Thank you! Thank you! Did you have a good time? We’ve got some special guests here… First, I want to say thank you to our director John Rando who is in the house and our producer Colin Ingram.” The Back to the Future creator then invited the cast members on stage with Claudia and Don hugging their Jennifer and Goldie counterparts, before Lloyd entered. DON'T MISSBack to the Future creator on if Robert Zemeckis wanted to make Part 4 [BACK TO THE FUTURE 4]Back to the Future creator solves Part III Doc Brown death plot hole [PLOT HOLE]Back to the Future creator Bob Gale reveals two SCRAPPED time periods [EXCLUSIVE] The Doc Brown legend came on stage, high-fiving the cast, before giving an air five to the audience. Gale added: “Thank you all for coming, tell all your friends to come. Tell them all to come a few times! We will see you in the future. Now make like a tree and get out of here!” Suddenly the cast and movie actors started dancing, including the 83-year-old Lloyd, much to everyone’s delight – as can be seen in the video above. Back to the Future the Musical is playing at the Adelphi Theatre in London and the new cast takes over from August 17. To book tickets, click here.