Princess Royal attended one event in Wales and two in neighbouring Herefordshire yesterday. The 71-year-old, who was named as the hardest-working member of the Firm in 2021, made the trip while the Met Office put out red and amber heat warnings across Britain. Thermometers hit 40.3C in Coningsby, Lincolnshire and 33 other locations saw mercury exceed the previous record set in 2019. Wales endured its hottest day on record on Monday after the Met Office revealed Hawarden in Flintshire experienced temperatures of 37.1C. Princess Anne ventured into Wales to visit the Royal Welsh Show. Organisers told visitors: "Make sure you take some time in the shade in this hot weather and drink plenty of water - fill your water bottles at our refill stations." JUST IN: Prince Harry preaches on climate change while he takes 21 private jet trips Princess Anne was spotted at the agriculture event meeting bearskin-wearing Welsh Guards. She also joked about joining Dragons RFC, a pro-rugby side based in Newport, as players count down to the new season. Anne said: "You're not looking for players, are you?" Dragons RFC shared the encounter and claimed Anne had offered her availability. READ MORE: 'Too arrogant to shut up' Prince Harry blasted for 'mouthing off' about US politics Princess Anne's attendance also appeared to catch some people off-guard. Twitter user @dylan6roberts said: "My boss eating 'pork on a fork' when suddenly Princess Anne turns up!" However, on the other side of the Welsh Marches, Anne also had a busy few hours. Princess Royal arrived in Haven Herefords in Dilwyn to mark the 200th anniversary of Hereford Cattle breeders, EL Lewis & Son, which is the oldest family-run herd of Hereford cattle in the world. DON'T MISSHarry 'couldn't resist venting anger' after Palace 'refused demands'Royal Family: Harry ‘ignored warnings Meghan spelled trouble'Prince Harry 'trawled social media every night on Australia tour' She later visited Ross-on-Wye to visit mine clearance company Safelane Global Limited. The company is particularly specialised in clearing landmines and other unexploded ordnance like bombs and grenades.