Among activities called off is a dog show scheduled by Norden Farm in Wareham, Dorset, an equestrian show in Coppull, Lancashire, and a Sunday market at the Thames Chase Community Forest in Essex. Other events that had to be cancelled due to the unprecedented weather are a carnival parade in Hungerford, Berkshire, as well as a park party and walks that would take place in Shenstone, Lichfield. Other events that had to be cancelled due to the unprecedented weather are a carnival parade in Hungerford, Berkshire, as well as a park party and walks that would take place in Shenstone, Lichfield. It comes as the Met Office has issued an amber 'extreme' heat warning for much of England and Wales, alerting Britons over adverse health effects for the public because of the high temperatures predicted this coming Sunday, Monday and Tuesday. Temperatures could get as high as 40C degrees, exceeding the record high in the UK, which is 38.7C. Met Office forecaster Dan Harris has suggested some weather forecast models produced maximum temperatures in excess of 40C in parts of the UK over the coming weekend and early next week, although most recent evidence shows the chances have decreased. National Rail has also warned of potential disruptions on train routes as the heat can cause steel rails to expand and buckle, damaging the tracks and equipment while posing a danger to passengers. Fire services have warned about an increased risk of wildfires breaking out, and urge people to avoid barbequing while the heatwave persists. Meanwhile, UK ambulance trusts have been put into the highest state of alert, with senior NHS leaders saying the situation is “dire” with warnings of “massive distress” expected. The very young and elderly are most at risk when the weather is particularly warm as it can increase the risk of respiratory problems, dehydration and heart attacks. READ MORE: 'Massive fire' as huge cloud of thick black smoke seen for miles The Met Office has shared the below tips to stay safe in the heat: DON'T MISS: Dog owners issued urgent warning over pets' paws as they swelter in UK heatNearly half of dog owners unaware their pooch should wear sunscreen‘Biggest risk’ to plants during hot weather - how to protect plants