Mr Mzimbas has been praised as a “wildlife warrior” and he spent his career fighting poaching attacks on endangered animals in South Africa. The Duke of Cambridge said he was “deeply saddened” to hear about Mr Mzimba’s death and hoped “swift justice” would be bought to those responsible.  Prince William posted on Twitter Wednesday night about Anton Mzimba’s death after the ranger was shot and killed outside his home. The prince gave high praise to the ranger and said his thoughts were with Mr Mzimba’s family. Anton Mzimba had spent 25 years working for Timbavati Nature Reserve and was their Head Ranger. He began his career as an erosion fieldworker before becoming one of the youngest rangers working at Timbavati in 1998.  The Timbavati reserve posted on social media: “Anton, you have left a legacy - one which we will, in your honour, hold up high and never forget.” Prince William met Mr Mzimba in Autumn 2021 while in Reading to learn about a new technique to combat ivory poachers. The Duke of Cambridge spoke with Mr Mzimba about the dangers faced by rangers in South Africa from poachers and criminal gangs. Mr Mazimba told the prince: “This is a very well-organised crime. It involves local people. But, down the line, it goes across the border of the country.”  READ MORE: Extreme measures to stop cruel poachers stealing prized rhino horns  The wildlife charity ‘Helping Rhinos’ posted on social media that Mr Mzimba’s death “highlights the daily threat facing Rangers” Rangers in South Africa have helped dramatically reduce poaching rates in the last few years by adding more patrols to the area and training locals wishing to help protect wildlife. The rate of endangered animals killed by poachers has fallen every year since 2016, with 451 rhinos dying in 2021 compared to over a thousand in 2015. Ranger efforts to help animals often puts them at risk from criminals. The illegal wildlife trade is one of the five most lucrative crimes worldwide and is estimated to make around $50-150 billion dollars a year. Animals are hunted to the point of extinction for their horns, skins, and teeth. DON'T MISS: Kate Middleton and Queen joke that Charlotte 'is the one in charge' [INSIGHT]George, Charlotte and Louis set for more summer outings with parents [REVEAL]William issues heartbreaking plea for 'swift justice' [REPORT]   Poaching in South Africa is often committed by organised and highly trained criminal networks, as over 11,000 rhinos have been killed by poachers since 2008. The effect of poaching is threatening to cause rhinos to go extinct, as the South African Rhino population has declined by 59 percent since 2013. Prince William founded United for Wildlife in 2014 with the aim to protect endangered animals from the illegal wildlife trade. The Duke of Cambridge is a passionate conservationist and has campaigned to protect rhinos, elephants, and sharks. The organisation has trained over 85,000 people to counter the illegal wildlife trade and has contributed to 124 animal trafficker arrests. 