Fridges store a variety of foods and as a result, the smells combined can be quite unpleasant every time the door is opened and closed. But, there is an easy way to get rid of smells in the fridge, without changing the way you store food, or throwing it out. “If your fridge has ever smelled a little funky - even after you've cleaned it out - and you haven't been able to get rid of the smell, I have just the solution,” professional organiser Katie Lolas, aka Lady Lolas on social media said. “All you have to do is put some bicarbonate soda on a plate or open in its box and place it inside your fridge. “It will absorb all of those smells and it's super easy.” Most food smells are acidic in nature and bicarbonate of soda is a pH neutraliser. READ MORE: Easy ways to clean stubborn stains from grout without bleach The baking soda can be left in the fridge for up to three months before swapping it out for a fresh sachet. While baking soda can eliminate smells, it is still important to clean the fridge every week to decontaminate the area. Instagram users commented on Katie’s video thanking her for the tip. “I can't believe I've never thought of this. So simple and yet so effective!” One wrote. DON'T MISS...Queen ‘broke tradition’ with her favourite Scottish hobby [VIDEO]Keep tomatoes perfectly ripe with easy food storage hack [GUIDE]Prince Harry ‘not pleased’ with Meghan’s ‘clingy’ behaviour [BODY LANGUAGE] A second said: “This works a hundred percent.” “My parents’ [fridge had lots of] fruit in it but that smell! Two days of baking soda and it was gone,” a comment read. Someone else added: “I do this, It’s amazing! You can also mix essential oils through it (slowly so it doesn’t fizz) to give it a beautiful fragrance. I use lemon because it's so refreshing.” READ MORE: ‘Essential’ tip to keep hydrangeas ‘thriving’ in heatwaves 500g of bicarbonate of soda can be bought for £1.75 from Wilko. White vinegar is another common cleaning ingredient. It exhibits many of the cleaning and odor eliminating properties that are associated with baking soda. To eliminate unwanted fridge smells you can pour out a cup full of vinegar into an open dish or bowl and keep in the refrigerator. Similar to baking soda, it may be diluted with water to make an odor eliminating cleaning fluid. There are many places that sell white vinegar as a spray, The Range has a 750ml bottle for just 89p. If you want an even-more natural product to banish the smells, use raw oats. You can leave an uncovered bowl with oats in your fridge to eliminate unpleasant odors.