Lee Westwood has become embroiled in an ugly spat on Twitter as the explosive fallout over the rebel LIV Golf tour continues to escalate. Westwood, 49, has been one of the most high-profile defectors to Greg Norman's venture, and on Wednesday was confirmed in the field for the Invitational Bedminster event in New Jersey from July 29-31. A veteran of 10 Ryder Cups, Westwood, along with Ian Poulter, has come in for stinging criticism for seemingly tainting his Team Europe leagacy, with his decision to sign Norman excluding him from involvement in the 2023 tournament. Rebels have thus far been permitted to play in majors, but that notion also now appears in danger as they slide down the Official Golf World Rankings (OGWR). LIV events have been denied ranking points, and on Twitter @VC606, a self-proclaimed 'OGWR guru' posted a projected list for the end of March 2023. According to his forecast, Westwood will be ranked around 150, meaning he'll miss automatic qualification for all four major tournaments. The post was retweeted by Sky Sports News reporter Jamie Weir, who added: "Odd how one of the players listed below, when I asked him at The Open if he was at all concerned this could be his last major for a while, told me to 'go f*** myself' and that it was a 'f***ing s*** question'." His words left one follower assuming the exchange took place with Westwood, who finished tied in 34th at St Andrews. JUST IN: Rory McIlroy breaks silence on Open heartbreak as Cameron Smith beats him to Claret Jug  The former No 1 responded, suggesting that Weir was trying to protect his own interests: "It wasn’t me but I did overhear the conversation in question," he wrote. "Jamie works for Sky. They cover the PGA and DPWT. Where do you think their loyalties lie and what their agenda is?" The unsavoury exchange continued as Weir fired back: "How is asking ‘are you concerned this could be your last major for a while?’ showing any ‘agenda’?!!" before Westwood tried to make light of matters, saying: "Are you sat on your phone? I’m going to need a bigger boat!" along with a fishing rod emoji. DON'T MISS:Open champion Cameron Smith comes good on Claret Jug beer pledge - 'How many fit'Rory McIlroy copies Tiger Woods as Open bid ends in tears with chance to join icons missedThe Open: Gary Player 'slept' in the sand dunes in bizarre moment: 'Wanted to win so bad' During the Open, Westwood hit back at Tiger Woods for his criticism of the LIV Golf tour, but the issue is set to become yet more divisive this week. Thus far, 45 players have been confirmed for Norman's next event, with three more to be confirmed. Among them is expected to be Henrik Stenson, a scenario which would see him stripped of the Ryder Cup captaincy for 2023. Newly-crowned Open champion Cameron Smith is also rumoured to be close to a move.