Lorraine Kelly, 62, has been left devastated after her "remarkable" friend, Dame Deborah James, died on Tuesday following her six-year battle with bowel cancer. Lorraine and Deborah became close when they teamed up to raise awareness through the No Butts campaign. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Lorraine said she is finding Deborah’s death “hard”. The presenter said candidly: “It was very hard, even though we knew that it was going to happen.“We did a show [on Wednesday] that was sort of honouring her life and that was hard, but we wanted to do her justice because she was a very, very special girl. “It is sad, but at the same time she achieved so much. It was remarkable, she was a remarkable lady who touched so many people.”Wednesday’s instalment of the ITV breakfast show was an emotional one as Lorraine broke down in tears while discussing her friend. READ MORE:Novak Djokovic's sad confession about marriage to wife Jelena The 62-year-old also took part in the BBC documentary, Deborah James: The Last Dance, which aired on Thursday night.The special tribute celebrates the life of Deborah, her cancer awareness campaign, and the legacy she leaves behind.Lorraine was among contributors along with Gaby Roslin, Deborah’s friend Steve Bland and newsreader George Alagiah.At the time of our interview on Thursday, Lorraine hadn’t watched the documentary yet and admitted she needs to emotionally “prepare” herself before tuning in. She said: “I haven't watched it yet, I'm preparing myself, you know. But I obviously will.“She was something, a very special girl who could reach out and touch people.”On how she is coming to terms with the death of her friend, Lorraine said she has found comfort in her beloved border terrier, Angus, and daughter Rosie’s sausage dog, Ruby.She went on: “I posted a wee picture of me and my daughter’s wee dog Ruby because when I went home yesterday, all I wanted was a hug from a wee dog. DON'T MISSCliff Richard, 81, looks downcast as he's spotted at Wimbledon day two[PICTURES]Loose Women’s Denise Welch sparks frenzy in busty red swimsuit snap[LATEST]Kate Garraway admits 'change' in marriage to Derek[INSIGHT] “Angus isn’t very huggy, but Ruby will snuggle in and just make me feel a bit better. It’s that thing of, the healing power of pets, particularly wee dogs.”It comes as Lorraine has partnered with MORE THAN insurance and Dogs For Good to promote the positive impact pets have on mental health.Research from MORE THAN found that one third of dog owners feel less lonely when walking their pups. These figures were even higher for disabled dog owners, with 81 percent attributing social interactions to their furry companion.On why she wanted to take part in the campaign, Lorraine explained: “When we are out walking, everybody wants to talk to you and say hello, and that’s lovely! "It is just good to have that social connection, especially after lockdown, I think everybody needs that.“I don’t know how I would manage without wee dogs... It is another heartbeat in the house and you don’t feel quite so lonely.”Deborah James: The Last Dance is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.Lorraine airs on ITV weekdays at 9am.Lorraine Kelly has partnered with MORE THAN insurance and UK charity Dogs for Good to highlight how dogs can combat loneliness and support with our mental wellbeing. Find out more at https://www.morethan.com/pet-insurance/dogs-for-good/”