Christian Eriksen is set to undergo a medical with Manchester United shortly - despite talk Brentford are not giving up on a deal for the Dane just yet, reports claim. The playmaker is understood to have chosen Old Trafford as his next destination, a decision that has already been communicated to both clubs. However, Eriksen was not part of the travelling party for United's pre-season tour of Thailand and Australia after the squad arrived in the Far East on Friday. It poses questions as to when Eriksen will be able to link up with his new team-mates, should he put the finishing touches on his United transfer. However, according to ESPN, a deal is still very much on the cards and the player is expected to undergo a medical shortly. Express Sport has contacted Manchester United for clarification on Eriksen's move to Old Trafford but the Red Devils are yet to response. READ MORE: Ajax 'respond' to improved £43m Man Utd transfer offer for Lisandro Martinez The idea is seemingly for Eriksen to potentially join up with United later on in their tour, providing the formalities are concluded quickly. It is also highly likely that Eriksen could remain back in the UK training with those that stayed behind, until Erik ten Hag's men return. The Dutchman has seen Eriksen up close and personal in recent months after the 30-year-old trained at Ajax before his return to action with Brentford. He is thought to have personally backed the signing, telling United chiefs to explore a deal with Eriksen's reps. DON'T MISS MORE UNITED GOSSIPErik ten Hag 'overruled Man Utd recruitment team' on separate signing to Lisandro MartinezMan Utd boss Erik ten Hag orders 'fast' third signing as board finalise two transfer dealsBarcelona 'want Man City signing' before selling Man Utd Frenkie de Jong as new price set Now a deal is expected to materialise following the expiry of his Brentford contract. That's despite Bees boss Thomas Frank declaring he is yet to concede defeat in his attempts to sign his former player, in midweek. He told BT in Denmark: “Right now he’s not a Brentford player, but he’s not a player with anyone else either. It may well be that right now it looks like it’s going to be a different place than with us, but let’s see." Frank was then quizzed on whether Eriksen could be a Brentford player by the start of the season, he replied: “What am I supposed to answer to that? I have to be optimistic, but I do read newspapers. Let’s see what happens.” Brentford's offer is still currently on the table, despite Eriksen opting to join transfer rivals United following Tottenham's decision to cool their interest. “I’m communicating with Christian, but we’ll keep that to ourselves until he’s either signed here or somewhere else,” Frank added. “We’ve offered him a contract and he’s had to figure out what he wants to do with his life and career. So he has an offer from us, but I don’t know what else is. I assume, however, that there are offers from just about everyone else. “I talked to him for five minutes up in the national team camp [likely in June] and we have been in dialogue since. But I have not met him in Copenhagen. We have told him our good story here, and he knows that version.”