Prince George made his Wimbledon debut on Sunday, accompanying his parents Kate, Duchess of Cambridge and Prince William at the Men’s Singles Final. The royals will watch Serbian Novak Djokovic and Australia’s Nick Kyrgios battle it out on the SW19 courts in a bid to win the historic tournament. Djokovic is the defending champion having emerged victorious from his match with Italy’s Matteo Berrettini last year. A budding tennis player, George will be looking forward to watching Djokovic battle for seventh Wimbledon triumph. And, according to unearthed reports, the tennis legend may have contributed to the young royal’s own sports journey. Back in 2018, Kate and William spoke to the Serb after his victory over South African Anderson. Djokovic asked Kate: "How are your children?", to which Kate replied: "Yeah, very well". READ MORE: Prince George backs Djokovic with a grin as he greets Wimbledon staff before men's final William then added: "Very well thanks, very well… Trying to get a tennis racket in their hand – and a football!" A source close to the Cambridges said they then asked Djokovic how George can improve at tennis. The source said: "She [the Duchess] says with George just being four he wants to whack a ball, so she was asking what sort of stuff she should be doing. "They will struggle at that age to hit a ball. She said he’s interested in it, but more in whacking the ball." Kate, who is Royal Patron of the All England Club, is an avid tennis fan and has played since childhood. Speaking to Sue Barker for a BBC documentary entitled ‘Our Wimbledon’, the Duchess revealed Wimbledon stars played a part in inspiring her interest in the sport. She said: ”Growing up I obviously watched Wimbledon, it’s been very much part of my family growing up. It’s such a quintessential part of the English summer, and I think it really inspires youngsters. “It inspired me, when I was younger, to get involved in the game. DON'T MISSDiana dated forgotten Wimbledon star during marriage to Charles [INSIGHT]Boris told off after over breach of royal protocol during meeting with Queen [REPORT]Queen’s ‘dislike’ for tennis – only visited Wimbledon four times [ANALYSIS]  “It hasn’t changed either, I think that’s what’s so wonderful. You know everyone’s still there in their whites, Wimbledon still looks as amazing as it did as I remember it as a youngster, you’ve got the strawberries and cream. “And, you know, every time Wimbledon is on I’m there thinking: ‘Yes, I can do, I can do the same’. Get that racket. Sadly never, never the same results.” The Duchess appears to be passing on her passion to her children, having been spotted with eight-year-old George, seven-year-old Princess Charlotte and four-year-old Prince Louis at an exclusive tennis club in London earlier this year. And Djokovic is not the only tennis star that has offered assistance to the royals’ sporting ambitions. Following Wimbledon 2019, it emerged that George had received a private tennis lesson from Roger Federer. The Swiss player noted that the prince was well on his way to becoming a tennis champion himself, saying that George had a “good swing.” He added: “He’s a cute boy. I love to see they’re into tennis or into sport.” In her role as Royal Patron, the Duchess of Cambridge is likely to hand out the winners’ trophies when Wimbledon comes to a close. On Saturday, Kazakhstan’s Elena Rybakina beat Tunisian Ons Jabeur in the Women’s Singles Final.