In the campaign so far, tax cuts have dominated the debate. Although the inflationary impact of tax cuts may be limited, candidates have yet to fully explain how they see tax cuts boosting the economy and what aspects of public spending, if any, would need cutting in the process. In all of this, the Conservatives need to remember that whoever they elect will need to appeal beyond rank-and-file party members. No less than two and half years from now, whoever succeeds Boris Johnson as the next Conservative leader must go to the country in a general election. Many Tories seem to draw the lesson from Johnson’s landslide victory in 2019 – and his winning over the Red Wall – that a candidate from the "right" of the party is the best bet to succeed him. Perhaps, but it is worth remembering that certain unique conditions held in 2019 which no longer exist today. Firstly, back in 2019 Johnson had a brand and name recognition which cut across traditional party lines. Secondly, Johnson was up against Jeremy Corbyn who, at the time, was alienating great chunks of his own base. Thirdly, Brexit was not yet "done" and Johnson sold himself as the man to do it. Finally, the PM made a big splash about "levelling up", which was more about harnessing the state, than simply slashing spending.  The reality is that - at the next election - the Tories will not be up against such an uncredible candidate as Corbyn (whatever one thinks of Sir Keir Starmer). Plus, Brexit – despite the feelings of many Brexiteers – is, in fact, "done" (or, at least, it is done so far as most people in the country are concerned). The house price crisis may not be a major concern for many Tory members but it certainly is for millions of their fellow countrymen and women. Where are the policies here from the candidates? If there is going to be a serious about-turn on law and order, border enforcement, or stamping out "wokery", the public deserves to hear more than platitudes but instead comprehensive strategies on how these are all going to be achieved. The international situation is hardly going to calm down either. Is the plan then one of splendid isolation? Riding on America’s coattails? Riding shotgun with America? The UK doing its own thing? Again, the public deserves to know.  Yes, reducing the tax burden to ease the cost-of-living crisis sounds like a wise move. But why was it not being done before? The public also deserves to understand why some candidates think the priority should be balancing the books. Again, we come back to the fact that whoever wins will go to the country in a general election no later than January 2025. Tory members need to ask themselves if Maggie’s greatest hits will cut it out there in the wider country. The next election could be especially significant if the Conservatives end up facing a Lib-Lab-SNP coalition, which if it came to power may well offer the public a vote on proportional representation. Should that pass, the Tories would be locked out of majority government almost indefinitely. The task Johnson’s successor faces next time around – holding together the Red Wall and the Stockbroker Belt – is going to require more than an 80s soundtrack and red meat for the Tory faithful. Members need to bear that in mind when picking the next leader. 