Former Arsenal striker Kevin Campbell has given his thoughts on the price it would take for Newcastle to tempt Leeds into selling winger Jack Harrison. Eddie Howe has been keen to bolster his forward line, and Harrison has been reported as an option after the Magpies failed to agree a deal for Moussa Diaby. After letting Raphinha and Kalvin Phillips leave Elland Road this summer, Leeds boss Jesse Marsch will be reluctant to sell another key man but Campbell believes, at the right price, Newcastle could tempt them into selling Harrison. “If the money is right I think they will sell him,” he told Football Insider. “Leeds have to box clever now. They have to be smart. Listen, Harrison has proven to be a really, really good player. “If they had gone down last season, teams would have picked their carcass. They just stayed up and teams are still going for their players. When you look at Harrison, he is productive. Clubs are going to test the water because he gets goals and assists. It will be interesting to see how this one plays out. It would be great for Leeds if they can keep him. But if a Newcastle comes in with a big bid, a £35million bid, it would test them.” Harrison was asked about the speculation surrounding his future and did not close the door on a move to Newcastle. “We’ll see,” Harrison said. “We’ll see what happens.” The Athletic claim that Newcastle values the English winger at a top price of £25m, below the figure that Campbell believes would tempt Marsch’s side. JUST IN: Barcelona have dropped big De Jong hint as Man Utd press for transfer The American coach sees Harrison as part of his squad this season too. “For me Jack Harrison is a big part of our plans moving forward,” Marsch said. “We’re counting on him this season, for sure.” Harrison could join Sven Botman, Nick Pope and Matt Targett as new additions to Newcastle this summer, after missing out on Diaby, Alexander Isak and Hugo Ekitike. Leeds have been quick to recruit this summer, after avoiding relegation on the final day of the season and then going on to lose Raphinha and Phillips. DON'T MISS...Barcelona emphatically veto Tottenham offer as Chelsea deal preferredChelsea told to hijack Man Utd transfer to close gap on TottenhamTottenham 'offer' star to Barcelona as Conte looks to trim squad Six players have been brought in as Brenden Aaronson, Luis Sinisterra, Tyler Adams, Rasmus Kristensen, Marc Roca and Darko Gyabi moved to Elland Road with three of those joining from Red Bull clubs, Marsch’s former employers. The two clubs appear far apart on their valuations of Harrison, which has been a common theme for Newcastle this summer as they look to avoid paying over-the-top fees for players since their new Saudi Arabian Public Investment Fund owners took over from Mike Ashley. The Magpies refused to meet valuations of over £60m for Diaby and Isak, and it remains to be seen whether they will continue in the same vein regarding Leeds and Harrison.