Former BBC Breakfast frontman Dan Walker has been entertaining Channel 5 viewers for a few weeks now in his new role as presenter on 5 News. And while his new stint at the helm of the new channel has run smoothly, he revealed to fans on Monday that he was left scrambling after he “forgot” his shirt and trousers for the broadcast. And it was only thanks to a local pub owner that Dan could find a last-minute replacement and iron his outfit ready to go on TV. Dan told Channel 5 viewers and colleague, Katherine Nash, during one of his reports poolside in Cambridge: “I’m not going to lie, I’ve got full coverage of back sweat. “You probably don’t wanna hear that but the good news is, people are looking out for each other today. “I should say a huge thank you to Hash who works in a pub/hotel around the corner called the Waterman. READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes slams 'hypocritical' Prince Harry over climate change “I lost my trousers and shirt today, it’s a long story. “I turned up there, he lent me an iron, I ironed my spare shirt and he also gave us a nice glass of ice cold water. “What a man,” Dan concluded before speaking to locals about how they’ve combated the record temperatures. Dan had shared the mishap with his 770.6k Twitter followers earlier in the day who also saw the funny side. He tweeted: “Forgot my TV trousers and shirt today so thanks to Nash at @WatermanCam for lending me an iron and an ice cool glass of water. What a man. “We are live on 5, at 5 talking about the weather @5_News.” Ian Rose replied to Dan’s tale: “What a gent - great show today, with some fab tips Dan!” Karen Louise argued: “Surely @5_News would let you dress down today as they have sent you to maybe the hottest place in the U.K.” DON'T MISS:Sue Barker royal snub as BBC presenter was axed from Prince Edward jobBradley Walsh mocks The Chase player after costly blunderTory MPs begged leadership candidates to stop TV debates While Darren Peters pointed out: “Dude you literally wear those items everyday, how did you forget? “It's like leaving the house with no shoes on,” they added. (sic) With soaring temperatures hitting the UK, much of Dan’s and 5 News’ coverage focussed on the record-breaking heat. The heatwave has resulted in Wales recording its hottest day ever, two degrees hotter than its previous record. Elsewhere, London Luton airport was forced to suspend all flights due to repairs needed as a result of the scorching heat. As the week continues, record-breaking temperatures of 40 degrees are forecast to hit England. People have been urged to drink plenty of water, stay cool and only travel via public transport if absolutely necessary. 5 News airs daily at 5pm on Channel 5.