This week the mercury will sit comfortably in the early 30s in the south east and east before skyrocketing to record-breaking heights this weekend, sparking a 48 hour extreme heat weather warning. The amber alert warns of potential danger to life and that the humidity has the ability to affect everyone, not just the vulnerable. And only this morning has the Met Office updated its messaging, saying people will need to expect to endure such temperatures until at least Tuesday, July 19. For many people, the blistering sunshine not only makes for uncomfortable sleeping, but it can also exacerbate blood pressure conditions and cause heat stroke.  Ambulance services are urging people to keep themselves safe and only dial 999 if it’s absolutely necessary. Rail services are warning of speed restrictions if tracks buckle under intense heat and the Met Office says people who get stuck in travel delays are at risk of “significant welfare issues.” The Met Office’s Rebekah Sherwin said: “Weather forecast models are run hundreds of times to determine the most likely weather outcome. “For late in next weekend and early next week, some runs of these models are allowing exceptionally high temperatures to develop, which is something we’ll be monitoring closely and adding details in the coming days.   “Some models have been producing maximum temperatures in excess of 40C in parts of the UK over the coming weekend and beyond. “At longer time scales temperature forecasts become less reliable, so whilst these figures can’t be ruled out, they are still only a low probability. “A number of weather scenarios are still possible and at the current time, mid- or perhaps high-30s are looking more likely.” But interactive maps, which have forecast such heatwaves in advance are now showing signs of relief. READ MORE: Motorists warned of driving with water bottles over major fire hazard  Come Wednesday, July 20 thermometers will take a slight dip, recovering from the extremities of the three days prior. Maps show it will be a moderate 16C in the south east, with top temperatures of 17C in the east of the country. This will last until Friday, July 22 when the mercury will begin its second upward turn, reaching highs of 26C. It is likely these conditions will bring the UK back in line with more normal summer conditions.  DON'T MISSOutdated rule sparks railway strike threats [REVEALED] Mass arrests made of human traffickers smuggling migrants into Britain [REPORT] Prince William appears to break royal protocol at Wimbledon [LATEST] The Met Office long range weather forecast says: “It is uncertain how long the very hot weather will last, but it is likely that much of the UK will see a return to cooler and more widely unsettled conditions during the week.” During periods of intense heat, people are advised to keep out of the direct sun between 11am and 3pm, when the UV rays are at their strongest levels. Along with staying hydrated, families are also encouraged to check in on the vulnerable and keep curtains and blinds closed to block the sunlight out. 