The Met Office has revealed that July 2022 has been the driest in England since 1911, with less than a quarter of the amount of expected rainfall recorded throughout the month. Hosepipe bans are expected to become more common as temperature soar, with Southern Water being the latest supplier to introduce a temporary ban as fears of drought circulate. Here’s what you need to know about hosepipe ban rules in the UK, including what can happen if you’re caught using one in your garden. In a long-term forecast, the Met Office has warned of "very hot" spells throughout August. The outlook from August 9 to August 23 reads: “Temperatures remain generally above normal across the south, with some potentially hot spells, while remaining closer to average in the north.” In response to drought fears, Southern Water has announced a hosepipe ban for Hampshire and the Isle of Wight from August 5, in a bid to preserve the water supply from the River Test and River Itchen. According to the Government, this is likely to be the first of several drought measures put in place ahead of the next heatwave. While many gardeners will be concerned about their plants and flowers, there’s a few things you should know before reaching for a hosepipe during the hot, dry weather. READ MORE: Easy way to deep clean a ‘filthy’ rug in less than 10 minutes A hosepipe ban limits outdoor water usage including washing cars, watering plants, and filling up pools or ponds. This means everything from sprinklers to irrigation systems is also banned in addition to hosepipes. Once a ban is put in place, individuals who attempt to dodge the rules face the possibility of a hefty fine. In fact, rule-breakers could be subject to a fine of as much as £1,000 if they choose to use their outdoor water supply. DON'T MISS:14 most fragrant plants to grow in your garden [REVEAL]Lavender: ‘Right time’ to prune popular plant [INSIGHT]‘No reason to stop’: 4 plants to sow now for late summer [LATEST] In addition to a fine, hosepipe users could also be prosecuted in a criminal court. The legal response to breaking a hosepipe ban is outlined in the Water Industry Act 1991 section 76, as amended by the Flood and Water Management Act 2010. However, water companies may issue a written warning as a first step before legal action is taken. It’s not just the use of a hosepipe that could land you in trouble during a ban either, in fact, some water firms have the liberty to ban all forms of water to do certain tasks. The Flood and Water Management Act 2010 states that water firms are allowed to stop people from filling up paddling pools, swimming pools and even ornamental fountains, no matter what watering method they use to do so. While the legal consequences apply to everyone, individual water utility companies for specific areas are allowed to set the terms and conditions for the ban. This includes the hours of the ban, and if there are any extenuating circumstances. Some exceptions to the ban may include being allowed to fill a pond with fish. According to the Money Saving Expert, United Utilities is one company that has made several exemptions to the rules for blue badge holders and those on its priority services register. Although you can't use a hose, you can still water your garden with a watering can, bottle or other creative methods. In previous hosepipe bans, the use of watering cans, buckets and other ways to carry water has been acceptable for watering the garden, or your car. Before you do this, it is best to check the specific rules set by your water provider. A water company may advise you to limit this kind of water use, but it can't officially ban it.