Tottenham have not included an option to permanently buy Clement Lenglet in the deal to loan the defender from Barcelona, in a sign they could target Inter Milan ace Alessandro Bastoni in 12 months’ time. Spurs are set to acquire Lenglet from Barca on a season-long loan to strengthen Antonio Conte’s defence. Conte was keen to sign a left-footed defender to play in his back three and will sign Lenglet after personal terms were agreed with the 27-year-old. The France international will likely become the north Londoners’ fourth summer signing. However, contrary to previous reports, Spurs have apparently not included an option to buy Lenglet in the loan deal. Some claims had insisted that the Lilywhites would be able to purchase the former Sevilla man for around £5million in a year. Wide-ranging reports now say that such a clause will not be involved and Lenglet will likely return to Barca next summer. That could see Spurs revisit one of their other targets when they go shopping ahead of the 2023-24 campaign. JUST IN: Cristiano Ronaldo to feature in new Man Utd kit launch but problem Conte had apparently wanted to sign young Italian defender Bastoni from former club Inter. But the Serie A club are not willing to sell the 23-year-old and he will remain for next season. That is despite Inter CEO Giuseppe Marotta revealing that a defender could need to be sold to recoup funds. He told Radio RAI in June: “It’s certainly easier to replace a centre back than a striker… probably we will be forced to sell someone in that position." Bastoni’s team-mate Milan Skriniar has been linked with a move to Paris Saint Germain, meaning Inter will be even keener for the former Atalanta prodigy to remain in Milan. DON'T MISS...Arsenal new boy Jesus makes Thierry Henry comments ahead of debutLiverpool 'receive improved bid' for youngster to boost Klopp's budgetTottenham 'draw up Clement Lenglet travel plan' as Barcelona deal made That left Spurs needing to move on to other targets and they appear set to land Lenglet before the weekend. The left-sider has been derided by some fans for his form at Barca and will be keen for a fresh start in the Premier League. Lenglet has made 158 appearances for the Catalan club but has remarkably been sent off on five occasions in just three seasons. He struggled to feature prominently under Xavi Hernandez following the Spaniard’s appointment in November. The 15-cap French international will therefore hope for a much better spell in England, where he could thrive in Conte’s back three. He will get the chance to feature in the Champions League following Spurs’ remarkable European push in the latter stages of last season. But the fact that Spurs do not appear to have an option to buy Lenglet permanently is quite telling. Conte could end up signing top target Bastoni next year.