Savings experts warn that as interest rates rise, millions risk breaching the personal savings allowance (PSA). Once they do, they will start paying income tax on the interest from their deposit accounts. Currently, more than nine out of 10 savers pay zero income tax on their cash savings, thanks to the PSA. Under the allowance, introduced by former Chancellor George Osborne in April 2016, basic-rate taxpayers can earn £1,000 interest a year before paying income tax. Higher-rate 40 per cent taxpayers can earn £500 a year in savings interest before tax kicks in. A basic-rate taxpayer who earns 1.5 percent a year from a non-Isa savings account currently needs a hefty £67,000 in savings before they breach the PSA and pay tax. Most do not come close as a result. Higher-rate taxpayers would need £33,500 of savings earning 1.5 percent interest before exceeding their PSA. Yet as the Bank of England hikes base rates and the interest paid on savings increases, more will get caught out. Suddenly, savers could find themselves paying a lot more tax to HM Revenue & Customs as a result.  Aldermore Bank now pays 3 percent a year on its two-year fixed-rate bond, on sums between £1,000 and £1 million. A basic-rate taxpayer who earned 3 percent would breach the PSA if they had just £33,300 in savings. A higher-rate taxpayer would need just £16,650 before they started to pay 40 percent income tax on their savings interest, says Laura Suter, head of personal finance at investment platform AJ Bell. "A growing number may find themselves hit by a shock tax bill as a result.” There is another danger. Thanks to former Chancellor Rishi Sunak's decision to freeze income tax threshold for five years, several million will be pushed from the basic rate income tax band into the higher 40 percent band. Some higher-rate taxpayers could soon pay additional rate income tax at 45 percent. At that point, they will lose their PSA altogether. Suter said: “Lots of people will be caught out as they have crept into the next tax bracket and not realised their Personal Savings Allowance will be cut as a result.” READ MORE: Barclays pays just £2 on £20k in this savings account The Government forecasts a 44 percent leap in the numbers paying higher-rate tax and a 50 percent increase in those hitting the additional rate band. “Many people won’t be aware of the danger until they are landed with a tax bill,” Suter added. The Bank of England's rate-setting committee has increased base rates five times in a row since December, from 0.1 percent to today's 1.25 percent. The committee is expected to hike by 0.5 per cent at its next meeting on August 4, lifting base rate to 1.75 percent. It could top 2 percent by year end, driving up savings rates. A basic-rate taxpayer who earned 5 percent interest would hit the PSA with just £20,000 of savings, falling to £10,000 for a higher-rate taxpayer. Suter said those at risk could take action to limit the damage by making full use of their tax-free Isa allowance. DON'T MISS:Nationwide increases interest rate on savings account [GUIDE]Savings account offers Britons the chance to win £1,500 every month [REVEAL]NS&I increases interest rates - over 1.3 million to see savings boost [INSIGHT] Cash Isas plunged in popularity after the PSA was introduced, as rates on non-ISA accounts were often more attractive, Suter said. That may now change as non-Isa savers face a "triple whammy" with cash interest rates rising, more people being pushed into higher income tax bands, and the PSA frozen for six years. "All these factors mean that lots of people are going to be landed with tax bills for their savings, most likely for the first time.” Every UK adult can put up to £20,000 into a cash Isa and pay no income tax on the money for life. "This means a couple can shelter £40,000 between them, Suter added. Victoria Scholar, head of investment at Interactive Investor, cautioned: "Your long-term investments could work harder in a Stocks and Shares Isa."