British Transport Police (BTP) said officers were called to the busy commuter station at around 11.43pm last night (Saturday) following reports of a wounded person on platform eight. The force said that despite the “best efforts” of emergency responders, the man was “very sadly” pronounced dead at the scene. Another man was arrested by officers at the scene on suspicion of murder. The BTP said this morning (Sunday) that the suspect remains in police custody. After preliminary investigations, officers believe that the two were involved in an “altercation” on board a train. They then both alighted the train they were on, and the victim was assaulted on the platform – which sits across two sets of tracks from the main station entrance, and is typically used for westbound trains.  However, officers are keen to hear from witnesses to help understand the full nature of the incident. Detective Chief Inspector Paul Langley said: “This is a needless act of violence which has resulted in the tragic loss of a man’s life.  “Officers were quickly able to make an arrest at the scene and a man remains in custody this morning. “While we are still in the very early stages of our investigation, we believe the men had an altercation on board a train before the victim was assaulted on platform eight. “Witnesses will be crucial in helping us piece together exact what happened last night, and I would urge anyone who may have witnessed the incident or the moments before it to contact us as soon as possible.” The BTP said that the victim’s family had been informed, and were being supported by trained officers. According to local reports, the station was briefly closed in the early hours of this morning while investigators assessed the scene, but has now reopened. Some train services running through the station were reportedly cancelled as a result of the incident; Great Western Railway said some trains between Reading and Basingstoke would not be running. A GWR spokesperson said earlier that “this is due to the police dealing with an incident”. Anyone who may have information relevant to the investigation is asked to contact the BTP quoting reference number 665.