Mason Mount and Reece James have been two of Chelsea's top performers over the last couple of seasons, with the English duo highlighting how successful the academy could be. But now as established senior professionals, Chelsea may need to negotiate with the pair quicker than they first realised over their future. Chelsea have made a mess of contracts in recent seasons, and they're at risk of causing conflict with Mount and James also. The Blues lost both Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen for free this summer, which has left them in a very vulnerable position defensively. But they have also let deals for Jorginho, N'Golo Kante, Cesar Azpilicueta and Marcos Alonso enter their final year which could see them lose more stars for free. Thankfully for Chelsea their deal for Mount lasts until 2024, with James penned until 2025. But they may have to renegotiate new contracts to avoid other clubs swooping for the pair as they are receiving a lot less than some of their team-mates, who are not pulling their weight.  JUST IN: Man Utd 4-0 Liverpool: Four stars who shone as Red Devils run riot You hear immense fees and figures being thrown around in the modern game, with players being paid more than ever before. Mohamed Salah has just signed a new Liverpool deal worth £350,000-a-week, and now Raheem Sterling is set to become Chelsea's highest paid player as he secures a £45million move from Manchester City. Mount has been one of the best midfielders in the Premier League over the past two years, and James has made a strong case for being England's right-back despite so many other options being available to Gareth Southgate. But both academy graduates are earning less than £100,000-a-week after The Athletic revealed Chelsea's wage bill. The pair have been some of Chelsea's standout players for some time, but are seeing Timo Werner pocket £270,000-a-week, and they're seeing England team-mates such as Phil Foden earn three times as much at Manchester City. What's also staggering, is that Chelsea are paying back-up goalkeeper Kepa more than double what Eduoard Mendy takes home. READ MORE: Newcastle 'ready to smash' transfer record for Alexander Isak  There needs to be a restructure at Chelsea, and it's an important early task for the new owners. However, talks with Mount are reportedly set to get underway soon, and a new deal for James is likely to follow. Mount has confirmed contract negotiations should be starting soon while confirming his desire to stay at Chelsea, as he said: "I’ve got two years left on my contract and I’m very, very happy here. Contract talks will hopefully be starting soon. James was given an extension six months after Mount signed his new deal back in 2019, and it's expected that Chelsea will look to repeat this pattern. But until deals become signed, there is always that uncertainty. 