Prue Leith appeared on Wednesday night's instalment of Piers Morgan: Uncensored where she shared her strong views on being able to choose to die on her own terms. The 82-year-old revealed that she doesn’t think life is sacred and should be allowed to make the choice about her own life. Piers informed viewers that MP Danny Kruger had recently spoken in parliament against assisted dying as it is currently illegal in the UK. It comes after a petition had reached 100,00 signatures calling for the law to be changed. Mr Kruger revealed that over half of the people who chose to die this way in countries where it’s legal had only done so because they thought they were a burden to their family. The conservative MP is the son of Great British Bake Off star Prue Leith who strongly disagrees with his views.  Appearing on Piers Morgan’s TalkTV show on Wednesday evening, the 82-year-old revealed she has such strong opinions on the topic due to her age. She told the host that she first became interested in the subject when her elder brother passed away in a horrible way. Prue then shared that although her younger brother didn’t pass away through assisted dying, he was at home surrounded by family which she thinks people would want. Piers told Prue that in certain places in America, 53 percent of patients who were helped to die gave the reason they were a burden on family, friends and carers rather than citing they were in pain.   Asking if she was concerned about that part of it, she replied: “Yes, I think it’s a legitimate reason. “If you know that you are causing your family a lot of anxiety and you are either in huge pain or aren't enjoying your life then it’s a valid reason. “I’m not saying for a minute that people should want to commit suicide or have an assisted death just because they’re a burden, but being a burden is one of the things that is so distressing.” Touching on her son’s strong opposing views, he asked what she would do if she one day wants to go through assisted dying but he won’t go through with it.   She replied: “I honestly believe I should be in control of my own life. “I think the idea that somehow human life is so sacred, I mean, sacred to who? It’s not sacred to me. It’s my life!” Prue then told the host that she would only be having that conversation with her son, if she found out she had six months to live. She said: “I don’t believe that my son would make my last six months even more distressing by refusing me that.   "When it comes to my own life, it’s my life. “Tough, he’s going to lose me within six months anyway so you know man up and bear it a few months earlier.” Piers told the Bake Off host that she’s looking in rude health so hopefully won’t have encounter this issue with her son for a long time. To which she responded: “There are so many people who are not in rude health and we need to think about them.” Piers Morgan: Uncensored airs between Monday and Thursday at 8pm on TalkTV. 