Manchester United have got tough with Cristiano Ronaldo and made it clear he’s expected to be on the club’s pre-season tour this summer. The Red Devils talisman wants to leave after just a year back at Old Trafford. But his team aren’t willing to let him go, even if there’s an acceptance behind the scenes that keeping him against his will could be detrimental. News of Ronaldo sensationally wanting to leave United broke on Saturday, sending shockwaves around the footballing world in the process. Yet while the 37-year-old wants to join a team playing in the Champions League next term, the Mirror say a stern warning has been issued in private. United have made it clear to Ronaldo they expect him to be on the plane for their pre-season tour, with the club due to jet off to Thailand and Australia on Friday. The Portugal international is professional and likely to get on board with that idea. But it still doesn’t change the fact he’s eager to leave, having never graced the Europa League since it transitioned from being the UEFA Cup. Ronaldo has spent 19 years playing in the Champions League, winning the competition on five separate occasions. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez The first was in 2008, when he played for United under Sir Alex Ferguson, with Chelsea beaten in the final in Moscow that year. Ronaldo then proceeded to fire Real Madrid to the prize six years later, with Atletico Madrid put to the sword in a stirring 4-1 win. And he was instrumental as Los Blancos won the prize for three years on the trot between 2016 and 2018, while playing under Zinedine Zidane. Ronaldo now wants another crack at the prize, with a source quoted as saying: "Next season will be the first time he won't play in the Champions League. “He needs to play in the competition - it's what drives him to produce his best, hence why he wants to move." DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen It’s said United could use Ronaldo in a swap deal with Bayern Munich for Robert Lewandowski, even though the Pole’s preference is to join Barcelona. This idea was also mooted by Anton Ferdinand who, speaking on talkSPORT, said: "If I'm United, I'm doing a swap deal with money. "Yep [for Lewandowski]. 100 per cent that's what I'm doing. That's the only move that they've got." Chelsea are also in the mix for Ronaldo’s signature after Blues owner Todd Boehly talked with the forward’s agent, Jorge Mendes. But United won’t want to sell to a Premier League rival. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team Publicly, the Red Devils are adamant Ronaldo is not for sale and will stay at the club until the end of his contract next year. Yet there’s also a realisation that keeping him against his will, at the start of the Erik ten Hag era, could be detrimental. Ronaldo recently talked up Ten Hag, insisting he’s an ‘experienced coach’ who deserves time to succeed. "I know that he has done a fantastic job at Ajax, and that he is an experienced coach, but we have to give him time,” he said. "Things must change the way he wants. If you do well, all of Manchester United will succeed, so I wish you all the best. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here "We are all happy and excited [with the arrival], not only as players, but as fans as well. We have to believe that next year we can win titles." And Ten Hag, speaking before arriving in England, also made it clear he valued the Portugal international. “Ronaldo is a giant, because of what he’s already shown and I think he’s still very ambitious,” Ten Hag said. “Of course I would like to keep him. “He’s been very important to Manchester United this year and can produce great statistics.”