Fast food giant McDonald's will begin their first ever rewards scheme tomorrow, Wednesday July 20, 2022. This will give customers across the UK the opportunity to get their favourite foods free of charge. The scheme, called MyMcDonald’s Rewards, will allow foodies the chance to collect points in exchange for free food items. Alternatively, they will be allowed to use their points to make a charitable donation to causes such as Children in Need, FareShare and Ronald McDonald House Charities. Every penny spent at McDonald's will amount to one point. This means that for every one pound a McDonald's customer spends, they gain 100 points. READ MORE: Pubs and restaurants will close due to 'apocalyptic' heatwave - list Customers can look forward to reaching certain milestones with their points, and choosing between a free menu item and charitable donation. So what delicious McDonald's goodies can customers get their hands on for free? When 1,500 points (£15) have been collected, customers can choose one of the following: Small Fries, Mini McFlurry, Regular McCafe®, Side Salad or Hashbrown. Alternatively, they can use their points to donate £1.50 to charity. When 2,500 points (£25) have been collected, customers can claim one of the following: Double Cheeseburger, Bacon Mayo Chicken, Vegetable Deluxe, Cheesy Bacon Flatbread or a Medium Fries. Alternatively, they can use their points to donate £2.50 to charity. For customers who collect a whopping 4,000 points (£40), the following items can be redeemed: Six Chicken McNuggets, Big Mac, McChicken Sandwich, Double Sausage and Egg McMuffin or a Premium Salad. Alternatively, they can use their points to make a £4 donation to charity. READ MORE: The way you cut cheese determines its taste - tips and tricks As for McCafe, stamps have moved to MyMcDonald’s Rewards. Any unredeemed free McCafe drinks in the Offers & Rewards section of the app and any existing stamps will be converted to 300 MyMcDonald’s Rewards points. At launch, customers will be able to redeem double points on any McCafe purchase. Michelle Graham-Clare, Senior Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer, McDonald’s UK and Ireland stated: "We’re incredibly excited to launch the MyMcDonald’s Rewards scheme in the UK. "As well as rewarding our customers with our iconic menu items, we’re delighted to give customers the option of donating points to our brilliant charity partners, which we know will make an incredible difference to the lives of many thousands of young people and families across the country. "We were delighted with the response from customers during our recent trial and I am so pleased we’re able to launch nationwide today." This is a huge moment for McDonald's, as it is the chain's very first rewards scheme since opening in 1955. McDonald's customers can sign up for MyMcDonald’s Rewards on the McDonald’s App, opting into rewards. The McDonald's App can be downloaded from the App Store or Google Play Store. Foodies can start collecting their points from tomorrow.