In recent months, the Queen has had to step back from various royal duties due to ongoing episodic mobility problems, which the palace previously stated that the monarch was suffering from. Although her schedule has had to be adjusted, the Queen still hold two key elements in her reigning role. Speaking on Australia's Today show, 9Honey's royal reporter Natalie Oliver discussed the "cutting down" of the Queen's royal agenda. Speaking to Today's hosts David Campbell and Allison Langdon, Ms Oliveri said: "It's basically a cutting dow of these official duties". She added: "This means, as you mentioned, the Prince of Wales is now taking on a greater role within the monarchy. "Also, some of the Queen's other family members. "We saw Prince William as well, Kate and also the Earl and Countess of Wessex." READ MORE: Lilibet birthday row: Royals 'reluctant to admit involvement' in Meghan and Harry's bash Ms Oliveri added the Queen's role still "compromises of two key elements". These are that the monarch still holds the titled of "Head of State" and "Head of Nation". The royal expert noted that the Queen's role is now "less restrictive" and that "her family members are able to do more". She continued: "We saw this in May at the State Opening of Parliament. "Prince Charles stepped in for this mother for the first time so that is now just one of the duties removed from the official list", adding, that it is the "first change in a decade". She noted that the palace have stated that it is "not really a cause for concern", they are calling it "a small change" and not a "drastic change". READ MORE: Royal Family: 'Panic' as Sussex ‘damage control’ may not stop another Oprah 'pasting' The royal expert stated that the Queen has "had a lot of mobility issues of late" and that the monarch has worked "very hard in the past 70 years". Ms Langdon agreed, and claimed that because of her 70-year reigh, the monarch has "earned the right to say no to a few engagements". In October 2021, the Queen was admitted to King Edward VII Hospital where she had an overnight stay, following some health concerns. The announcement of this hospital stay came comes after the monarch, then 95, cancelled a two-day visit to Northern Ireland. DON'T MISS Queen's 'wonderful sense of humour' shows she's as 'sharp as a tack' [ANALYSIS]Poor Camilla opening fetes at 75 when she needs to relax JUDY FINNIGAN [REPORT]Princess Diana had key word removed from wedding vows - unlike Fergie [INSIGHT] In February 2022, the Queen contracted Covid-19. At the time, it was revealed that she was suffering with "mild cold-like symptoms". Despite her ongoing health struggles, the Queen visited Scotland last week. Following her arrival in Edinburgh, the Queen took part in the Ceremony of the Keys on the forecourt of the Palace of Holyroodhouse. READ NEXT: