Killnet has launched a major cyberattack on the Polish government, bringing down several government websites, according to reports. The pro-Russia group, which has been active since March this year, “declared war” on 10 countries, which includes Poland, Germany and the UK. In their recent attack on Poland, sites which include tax and “My Governor” have already been brought down. When attempting to access, the sites read: “An error occurred while logging into the application. “Please go to the home page and try again. If the error persists, please contact technical support.” This comes as the group wreaked havoc on Lithuania over the past two weeks, bombarding government and business sites with denial-of-service (DDOS) attacks. Such attacks attempt to flood the targetted sites with internet traffic, which results in the target being overwhelmed and eventually brought down. These attacks were in response to the country blocking the transport of goods, like coal and metals, moving over its territory into a Russian region.  This move caught Russia’s ire, with the Kremlin threatening "a serious negative impact on the population of Lithuania." Jonas Sakrdinskas, acting director of Lithuania’s national cybersecurity centre, said: “Usually the DDoS attacks are concentrated on one or two targets and generate huge traffic.” However, he warned that these attacks were different as they were continuous and widespread across all sectors of the country. According to the Lithuanian government, over 130 websites in the public and private sectors were “hindered” or brought down. Mr Sakrdinskas noted that the Killnet attacks have largely subsided since the start of July. READ MORE: Ukraine horror: Russian hackers 'gain access' to war documents Now it seems that the group has its eye on Poland next. Since the start of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, Poland has strongly opposed Moscow, calling on the European Union to end its reliance on Russian oil and gas. In April, Russian gas behemoth Gazprom cut Poland off from its gas for refusing to pay in rubles. The country has been hosting over three million Ukrainian refugees since the start of the war. Last month, Oleg Tyapkin, the head of a foreign ministry department in charge of Russian relations with Europe warned that Russia would retaliate against Poland for its buildup of NATO troops in the region. DON'T MISS: Lifeline for millions in Red Wall as fracking return to slash bills [REVEAL] New Tempest fighter jet to give Britain ‘unassailable lead’ [INSIGHT] MoD sparks fears as 'nuclear warheads' driven down UK motorway [SPOTLIGHT] He said: "A response, as always, will be proportionate and appropriate, intended to neutralise potential threats to the security of the Russian Federation.” In May, Killnet published an Anonymous-style video on their Telegram channel, in which they declared war on countries that were hostile to Russia since the start of the war in Ukraine. “Greetings to all our enemies, today we officially declare cyber war on the government of ten countries. “From now on, our attacks will include the United States, Great Britain, Germany, Italy, Latvia, Romania, Lithuania, Estonia, Poland and Ukraine.”