Nick Kyrgios credited his upset win over Rafael Nadal back in 2014 for getting him back in another Wimbledon quarter-final, eight years after the first. The Aussie beat Brandon Nakashima in a three-hour, five-set match to book his place in a the last-eight here for a second time. Kyrgios battled through a shoulder injury to oust world No 56 Nakashima 4-6 6-4 7-6(2) 3-6 6-2 in three hours and 10 minutes on Monday. The win allowed the 27-year-old to book a place in his second quarter-final at the All England Club, eight years after he shocked then-world No 1 Nadal as a teenage wildcard to reach his first. And the world No 40 admitted that it was his surprise win against the Spaniard that helped him battle through today, despite the victory coming all the way back in 2014. Asked about his experience of beating Nadal in a fourth-round match on Centre Court eight years ago, he said: "Definitely. You know, I stepped out here against one of the greatest of all time and beat Nadal so these are all things I have in the back of my mind. "Obviously Brandon hasn’t played on this court that much, I think that was his first time. All these experiences I’ve had, I think that’s what got me over the line today." JUST IN: Wimbledon drama as Alex de Minaur left bleeding vs Cristian Garin   The six-time title winner was full of praise for his opponent after the lengthy Centre Court battle, starting his interview by paying tribute to the young American for his efforts. "First I just wanna say hell of a effort from Brandon, hell of a player," Kyrgios said. "He’s 20-years-old and he’s gonna do some special things that’s for sure." The world No 40 also admitted he didn't feel "anywhere near" his best level but was happy to pull through, thanking the Centre Court crowd after playing his first match on the main showcourt at this year's Championships. DON'T MISSNick Kyrgios answers injury question after taxing Wimbledon winWimbledon rule change leaves Brit star snubbed in first quarter-finalKyrgios told edge he has over Nadal and Djokovic after Wimbledon win   He continued: "Yeah I wasn’t anywhere near my best performance level-wise but I’m just super, super happy to get through. I fought really hard today and the crowd was amazing. It was special stepping here again." Kyrgios will next face Christian Garin, who came from two-sets-down and saved match points to beat the Aussie's countryman Alex De Minaur. "Yeah I mean I was really excited to play De Minaur to be honest. He’s been flying the Aussie flag for so long and I came on court when he was two-sets-to-love up so I was actually expecting to play him," he admitted.