Looking for the best deals on the Nothing Phone (1)? We've got everything you need to know before you buy this all-new Android handset, which is available on pay monthly contract and SIM-free in the UK. For those who missed the announcement, Nothing Phone (1) is a mid-range Android handset with a bright new idea – a light show built into the rear case to alert you about incoming calls, new text messages, and remaining battery life. Nothing, the latest venture from OnePlus co-founder Carl Pei, erupted onto the market with its Nothing Ear (1) wireless earbuds last summer. Phone (1) is the first smartphone from the start-up and shares a number of similarities with the AirPods rivals, including the trademark transparent case so you can see the internal components powering the device. That see-through case also enables you to see the 900 LEDs squeezed into the handset, which can be illuminated in unique patterns so you know exactly who is calling before you answer. These LEDs – known as the Glyph Interface – aren't just about notifying you about incoming calls, they also function as a fill light when taking photos, a progress bar when charging, and an indicator when shooting video. This transparent case is protected with toughened Gorilla Glass. Aside from its light show, the Nothing Phone (1) arrives with an edge-to-edge 6.55-inch OLED display with a 120Hz high-refresh rate for smooth scrolling, a dual-camera system with 50-megapixel Sony sensors and all of the usual tricks (night mode, ultra-wide photos, portrait mode, automatic scene detection), splash-proof design, reverse-wireless charging to top-up your earbuds or a friend's handset from the back of the phone, support for speedy 5G downloads, and 45W fast-charging. Everything is powered by the Qualcomm Snapdragon 778G+ processor and Nothing has pledged four years of updates to the Android phone, so you can be confident you'll enjoy the latest features and security patches for a long time yet. If you want Nothing Phone (1) on a pay monthly contract, you're not spoiled for choice. That's because the plucky start-up has partnered exclusively with O2 in the UK. As such, you'll only be able to buy the Nothing Phone (1) from O2. However, it goes without saying that you'll be able to buy a SIM-free Nothing Phone (1) and pop-in a 5G SIM from any major UK network, including EE, Vodafone, Sky Mobile, and Three, without any issues. It's fortunate that O2 has some incredible pay monthly deals on the Nothing Phone (1), with prices starting as low as £22.81 per month. For that, you'll enjoy 3GB of 5G data each month, unlimited calls and text messages. There are a number of perks of choosing O2 as your network, including a free one-month subscription to Disney+ with all purchases. You'll also be able to use your monthly 5G data allowance, minutes and text messages in 75 destinations worldwide without any extra cost as O2 is one of only a few UK carriers that has chosen not to reintroduce EU roaming charges following the UK's departure from the European Union. As an O2 customer, you'll also get access to O2 Priority, which offers perks like free drinks from high street coffee shops, discounts on food and drinks, and early access to some of the biggest gigs in the UK, including the O2 Arena. If you're happy with your current SIM deal, it might be better to buy Nothing Phone (1) outright. The handset launched on July 21 in the UK and is now available from a number of popular high street shops and online retailers. Our top pick is Amazon, where prices start from £399. If you're an Amazon Prime member, or in the midst of a Prime free trial, you can take delivery of the handset tomorrow at no cost. In some parts of the UK, Prime members will be able to get the Nothing Phone (1) delivered same-day at no cost too. If you don't fancy spending £399 outright, Amazon offers a payment plan option for £18.58 per month for 24 months (that includes interest of 10.9% for the privilege of low monthly bills). Nothing Phone (1) is available in White or Black colourways. The entry-level model arrives with 8GB of RAM and 128GB of built-in storage. This option is only available in Black. There is no microSD card slot, so you won't be able to increase the amount of available storage for apps, games, photos and videos on your handset – so you'll need to buy a model with enough storage for your needs. Nothing offers an optional upgrade with 256GB of non-expandable storage. A top-tier Nothing Phone (1) model with 12GB of RAM (for slightly speedier performance, ability to jump between more apps) and 256GB of storage is also available to buy in the UK. This operating system comes free of any bloatware and also offers bespoke widgets, fonts, sounds and wallpapers which have all been designed by Nothing. There's even a smart software feature that learns which apps are the users' favourite with the most-used apps then loading super-fast, whilst the rest are frozen to save battery. “We designed Phone (1) as a product we'd be proud to share with friends and family,” said Pei. “This simple principle helped us wander off the beaten path, tune into our instincts, and create an experience that hopefully marks the start of change in a stagnant industry.” MORE LIKE THIS