The Deputy Prime Minister said he doesn’t know what the Prime Minister was briefed on at the time when it came to the inappropriate sexual behaviour allegations made against the Conservative MP. Although Mr Pincher was investigated in 2019, it did not lead to any formal sanction. When questioned on the situation, Raab hit back at Susanna Reid, claiming she was not giving him a chance to answer her questions properly. Reid, 51, quizzed Raab over a letter released from top civil servant Sir Simon McDonald calling out Downing Street. In the letter, he claimed Boris Johnson was briefed in person on the seriousness of the allegations made against Mr Pincher. Although Mr Johnson has previously claimed he was unaware before appointing Pincher as Deputy Whip in February. Since then, the conservative MP has resigned from his role after he was accused of groping two men at a private members bar Wanting answers from Raab, Reid asked: “How does somebody who is found guilty by an internal investigation of inappropriate behaviour, because a number of officials complain, how does that somebody, Chris Pincher, in this case, get to be Deputy Chief Whip with responsibility for welfare?” Raab replied: “You say guilty, actually no formal disciplinary action was taken.” Interrupting, Reid reiterated: “An investigation upheld the complaint.” The Deputy Prime Minister said: “Sorry Susanna, you’re wrong about what happened and it’s important to clarify.  It’s absolutely true and an investigation took place. I was clear we needed to understand the substance to these claims and what had happened.” Reid interrupted once again as she asked him to clarify what an investigation upheld to the complaint of inappropriate behaviour meant. He said: “I’ll tell you exactly what it means if you allow me to complete the answer.” The presenter started to get frustrated with the MP as she asked him directly if Mr Pincher was guilty of inappropriate behaviour or not.  Raab told the host the term “guilt” was very loaded. Reid’s co-host Ed Balls started to laugh as she hit back: “Sorry, inappropriate behaviour is a pretty loaded term Mr Raab!” Frustrated at the constant interruptions, Raab snapped: “Sorry Susanna, you always do this. Let me give you the account and your viewers can make up their mind. “I’m always happy to answer difficult questions.”   Reid told him to “go ahead” as she’ll leave it up to the viewers to make up their own opinions on the situation. He concluded: “The investigation into the facts upheld the complaint but no formal disciplinary action was taken in the cabinet office. “I wanted that extra assurance confirmed there would be no action of the ministerial code of conduct.” Good Morning Britain continues weekdays on ITV at 6am 