Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, 40, showed off her latest Wimbledon look on Sunday as she watched the men’s final. The royal stepped out in a navy blue polka dot Alessandra Rich outfit as she took her seat in the Royal Box along with Prince William and their son Prince George. In her role as patron of the All England Lawn Tennis Club, Kate presented the trophy to Wimbledon champion Novak Djokovic after his victory over Nick Kyrgios. “The Wessexes are not in competition. The point is that the roles are very different.” Mr Fitzwilliams, a renowned author and film critic, detailed the different expectations for both couples. He explained that although the Wessexes are some of the Queen’s most trusted members of ‘The Firm’, they are not destined for the throne. He said: “When you are future King like William and when you are future Queen Consort like Catherine you have the focus on you the whole time. “The Wessexes do not, and I think they are grateful for that.” Although the Wessexes may be “grateful” for their slightly lower profiles than the Cambridges, they are still two of the hardest working royals. In 2021, Edward and Sophie were the fourth and fifth hardest working royals, carrying out 204 and 194 royal engagements respectively. The only royals who made more official outings than the couple were Princess Anne, Prince Charles and William. In his analysis of the Wessexes and the Cambridges, Mr Fitzwilliams was also quick to praise Kate’s royal work. He said: “The issues she is championing now such as early childhood and mental health – she and William are mutually supportive. DON'T MISS: Oprah Winfrey's wise 6-word warning to Harry and Meghan as Sussexes tear into Royal Family [LATEST]Prince Andrew ‘does not deserve any benefits’ of being a working royal [INSIGHT]Royal POLL: Should Harry return to royal life to support William? [ANALYSIS] “She has got interests, of course, photography and so forth. She is doing lots of charity work. “The Cambridges are taking on fewer charities than perhaps might be expected. “But the thing is that they have done much more for the ones they have taken on, so perhaps that will be a trend. “But Catherine’s handling of things has been perfection. I think she is universally admired.” The royal commentator noted how the Duchess of Cambridge has also overcome the public speaking difficulties she experienced during her early days in the Royal Family. He said: “She has got poise. I think she has got tremendous confidence. She is a good speaker now. She was not so confident in the early years.”