Russia must not bend under the West’s continued pressure to hold peace negotiations with Ukraine, Russia state TV host Olga Skabeyeva said an insane tirade. Her diatribe comes as Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov said the door to peace talks was "not shut" after Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said such talks "make no sense." Speaking on Russia state TV channel Russia1, Skabeyeva ranted: "Of course, it’s important that we don’t freeze the war, that we don’t agree to any temporary peace talks, that we keep going to the end. "Nothing must remain of the Banderite regime in Kyiv. Otherwise, in any case, there will be a threat to Russia. "We’re moving slowly but surely. And thank God, in the West, they’re admitting this. "Let them supply weaponry. The notion that the Bundeswehr's weaponry has apparently already run out is amusing. They’ve sent everything to Ukraine."  "That’s to say, by complete coincidence, we planned to demilitarise Ukraine but are already slowly demilitarising NATO countries, one by one. "Questions have arisen in Germany. In France, it’s said that they’ve already handed over a quarter of their national reserves to the Ukrainians. "But things still aren’t going Ukraine’s way. On the frontline, there’s nothing but defeat." Fears are growing in the EU that the bloc’s unity could fracture amid Vladimir Putin’s gas war. European leaders worried Putin might not resume gas flows in the Nord Stream 1 pipeline after the pipeline’s gas flows were suspended for a 10-day work maintenance break. Though gas flows have resumed, they have remained at 40 percent of their original capacity. READ MORE: British military spy plane heads to Black Sea And European countries are starting to feel the brunt of it. Germany’s energy consumers could see their energy bills “at least triple” due to dwindling Russian gas imports, according to the country’s Federal Network Agency. "For those now receiving their heating bill, the payments are already doubling — and that is before taking into account the Ukraine war," Federal Network Agency chief Klaus Müller told Germany's RND news outlet. "From 2023, customers must prepare for bills to at least triple," he said, adding that market prices were increasing sevenfold in some cases. Experts argue the war will not only hinge on the battlefield but also on the EU’s capacity to withstand the backfiring effects of economic sanctions in the long run and to keep assisting Ukraine with weapons and intelligence. DON'T MISS:Balance of power swings in Ukraine war as Russia crushed [ANALYSIS]Ukraine LIVE: Give them hell! Wallace sends lethal anti-tank arsenal [LIVE]Lavrov states Putin's aspirations expand beyond Donbas [REPORT] In another sign of EU’s unity and resolve against Russia, the bloc approved the seventh package of economic sanctions hitting Russian gold, a major bank, a nationalist motorcycle club known as the Nightwolves, and actors backing Vladimir Putin. In a tweet, European Commission President Ursula Von der Leyen lauded the move, saying: "It sends a strong signal to Moscow: we will keep the pressure high for as long as it takes." However, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky dismissed the measures as insufficient to force Putin’s regime into peace talks. In a late-night address, he said: "This is not enough and I am telling my partners this frankly. Russia must feel a much higher price for the war to force it to seek peace." READ NEXT:Putin will struggle to win 'bloody' war of attrition‘Hero dog’ from Ukraine raises money for birthdayUkraine use NATO weapons to blow up multiple Russian munitions depotsRussia shoots down its own aircraft for second time in two days Fury as 'schizophrenic' Brussels buckles to Putin