 The prescription cost in England is currently £9.35 per item.This can all add up if people are claiming many prescriptions each month. People who live in Scotland and Wales pay no prescription charges at all, no matter what age they are. People over the age of 60 years and under the age of 16 years are eligible for free NHS prescriptions.     Those who are between 16 years and 18 years and are still in full-time education don't have to pay either. People who hold a maternity exemption ticket (MatEx) or a medical exemption certificate (MedEx) are also eligible. Medical exemption certificates are only given to those who have a specific health condition that meets the NHS’s qualifying criteria for additional support. The NHS’s Business Service Authority (NHSBSA states that to get this certificate, a person must have one of the following conditions: Cancer A permanent fistula which needs continuous surgical dressing or an appliance A form of hypoadrenalism which requires specific substitution therapy Diabetes insipidus or other forms of hypopituitarism Diabetes mellitus, except where treatment is by diet alone Hypoparathyroidism Myasthenia gravis Myxoedema Epilepsy requiring continuous anticonvulsive therapy  READ MORE: State pensioners may be able to increase sum by up to £14.75 weekly  All MedEX can be used for at least five years and then need to be renewed and it is down to the patient to keep on top of this. People can find out if they are eligible for free NHS prescriptions or help with other NHS costs through the NHS eligibility checker. This can be found on the NHS website. People on low income may be able to receive financial help through the NHS Low Income Support Scheme.    If eligible, a person would receive an HC2 certificate which will give free prescriptions, free NHS dental treatment, and free NHS eye tests. It will also give help with the cost of glasses or contact lenses, help with travelling to receive NHS treatment and free NHS wigs and fabric support. To apply for an HC2 certificate, people need to complete form HC1, which is available from Jobcentre Plus offices or most NHS hospitals. People might also be able to get an HC1 form from their doctor, dentist or optician. HC1 forms can be requested by calling 0300 123 0849. READ MORE: ‘Game over!’ Woman, 42, watches as hackers steal £10,000 in attack     According to the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) people are entitled to free NHS prescriptions if the annual family income used to work out tax credits is £15,276 or less. They will also be eligible if they claim Child Tax Credit, Working Tax Credit and Child Tax Credit paid together, or Working Tax Credit including a disability element. Some Universal Credit claimants also qualify for this help towards prescription costs. This is typically for applicants who earn £435 or less, or £935 if they have responsibility for a child. On the Government website, it states that Britons are also entitled to free prescriptions if they or their partner receive, or they’re under the age of 20 and the dependent of someone receiving: Income Support Income-based Jobseeker's Allowance Income-related Employment and Support Allowance Pension Credit Guarantee Credit Universal Credit, if meeting the criteria This includes those in civil partnerships.  There is also the prescription prepayment certificate (PPC) which can also help people who have multiple prescriptions. The NHS website describes the PPC as “effectively a prescription season ticket”. A PPC covers all your NHS prescriptions, including NHS dental prescriptions, no matter how many items you need. Currently, a three-month PPC costs £30.25 and a 12 month one costs £108.10. The three months PPC is recommended for those who need more than three prescribed items in three months and the 12 month one is recommended for those who need over 11 prescribed items.   