Unlike previous contests, this one promises to be extremely tight, with Liz seen as the frontrunner and ahead with the membership, despite Rishi getting the higher number of votes among MPs. One of the reasons Liz is seen as the favourite is because she has become the favoured candidate of the majority of Brexiteer ERG members, mainly on the right of the party, and has won the backing of Boris loyalists such as Jacob Rees-Mogg. The support of Jacob cannot be underestimated as it was his hard work wooing MPs and the members that guaranteed Boris won the leadership last time. Over the last six or seven years, politics has become increasingly unpredictable. I know some were surprised when Jeremy Hunt and I decided to work together to seek to ensure unity across the Conservative Party family, but who would have guessed even a few months ago that the right wing of the party would seek to swing behind a candidate who campaigned for Remain in the EU referendum, and is an ex-member of the LibDems who spoke at their party conference in favour of abolishing the monarchy. To be fair to her, Liz herself acknowledges she has been on a political journey, but for those still uncertain as to what either Liz or Rishi stand for, it would help if they both set out who their top teams would be – at the very least their Chancellor and Home Secretary – and a full range of policies, including whether or not they would agree to another lockdown in the event of a further Covid-style pandemic. One other thing which surprises me is why the candidates are lining up to do televised husting debates with the likes of Channel 4, Sky and the BBC – all of which have nothing but contempt for them and the Conservative Party. There are other news channels (GB News is a prime example) which would be more interested in a genuine debate on the issues that matter to voters rather than merely creating the environment for candidates to knock six bells out of each other. I hope Rishi and Liz will take heed. I am pretty sure the members they are seeking support from would welcome them taking their message outside of the traditional metropolitan left-wing media bubble. I am sure all Conservatives hope they both don’t simply prefer being asked questions from the left of the political debate rather than the right. Thank goodness for comedy genius John Cleese for taking on the woke warriors. The 82-year-old says their agenda of freezing out words and subjects they do not deem acceptable for public consumption is “disastrous for comedy and killing creativity.” To be fair to John I watch this woke world and laugh out loud, as it reminds me of his old Monty Python sketches. Not only is he a wonderful comedian but seems he was a clairvoyant too!  The latest review on anti-depressants by University College London makes for sober reading. Not only does it conclude scientists do not know how antidepressants work, but also that depression is not down to lower serotonin levels which these drugs target. This report adds to my view that doctors are too keen to prescribe drugs and patients are too quick to want to be labelled and take them. When I discovered I was dairy intolerant, doctors had wanted to prescribe drugs rather than cut something from my diet. They would have had me on drugs for life. I wanted to get to the root cause of my ailments not put a sticking plaster over them. With one in six adults on antidepressants it is time fewer drugs were doled out and more cures sought, particularly as this report concludes negative life events and not serotonin levels, most often lead to depression. I watch in horror at the childish antics of “Stop the Oil” protesters and wonder why the authorities are allowing such small numbers of nonentities and anarchists to cause so much disruption. If a firm stance is not taken soon we will have more fringe groups of idiots holding our country to ransom. 