Tuesday's Loose Women saw Denise, 64, criticising media coverage of the heatwave, which has seen warnings put in place across the country. It comes as the elderly, vulnerable and young have been urged to take care amid forecasts of extreme heat. Many tuned into ITV weren't pleased with Denise's rant and argued many people die from heatstroke, questioning her "expert" knowledge. t came as the presenter stated: "Before I have a minor rant, it's not about the fact that we shouldn't think about precautions, because we should. "This is hotter than most years, we're not used to it - we can't deal with any extremes in this country. "But the two headlines every year in one particular tabloid is usually, 'Phew what a scorcher' when temperatures are above 70 degrees and, 'Brrrritain freezes' when two drops of snow fall in the winter!" She continued: "This is obviously more extreme than that but what gets me is the media's obsession with words like 'deadly', 'killer', or we're basically all going to die if we go outside. READ MORE: ‘I cheated!’ Blue Bloods’ Tom Selleck speaks out on avoiding injury "I think that it's very important that not everybody has common sense so certain things should be pointed out. "And I think particularly if anybody has an older relative or maybe an older neighbour that they know doesn't see many people it's very important to check in that they're not too dehydrated." She went on to say: "I wish headlines could be more informative and encouraging. "There's a bit of enjoyment sometimes in the hot weather."  As she claimed the media focus on one narrative, she suggested the heatwave won't be as harmful as forecasters have predicted. "I know it's extreme but we're probably not all going to die!" She fumed. Janet Street-Porter agreed and went on to criticise the "Americanisation" of weather speak in the UK, questioning why weather is referred to as "an event". She also claimed the heatwave of 1976 wasn't as dangerous because not as many people were "overweight". DON'T MISS... Ackley Bridge star hints character's vulnerability puts her in danger [LATEST]GB News host blasts Queen's ‘tokenism’ on George Cross NHS award [VIDEO]Christine McGuinness addresses marriage issues with Paddy [INTERVIEW] Some weather models warn a weekend surge will push thermometers to 43C, which has never before been seen in the UK. Fierce sunshine will push ground temperatures to 46C – hot enough to soften roads and fry an egg on a car bonnet. One Twitter user, @MadameM**** hit out at the rant, claiming: "If one of Denise’s family died from heatstroke, she would be up on her soapbox saying nobody was warned… #LooseWomen." @DawnPriestland echoed this, writing: "Tell Denise people do die from the heat. And a lot of people are likely to die at 40c in this country because we don’t have the infrastructure to deal with it. Where is the care for people who have any health conditions?"    @MarkoPolo_76 shared: "Well of course Denise has a problem with heatwave warnings. Probably thinks it's the government trying to control us blah blah blah! When she speaks I turn over every time!" "@loosewomen Can Janet & Denise take a chill pill and stop the moaning," @BOWERGUY2000 posted. @JeanJones28 fumed: "Denise will be saying the hot weather is all part of a conspiracy theory to ramp up covid #LooseWomen." @cb_038 added: "Denise is annoying me already ffs, since when was she a weather safety expert? #LooseWomen." (sic) Loose Women airs weekdays from 12.30pm on ITV.