Tottenham ace Richarlison linked up with his new team-mates at the club’s Hotspur Way training ground on Saturday after putting pen-to-paper on a five-year deal with the club earlier this summer. And the Spurs squad reacted brilliantly as the Brazil international was reunited with his long-time rival Cristian Romero. Club cameras were on hand to follow Richarlison around the training ground on his first day in Spurs colours as he checked out the facilities, underwent checks with medical staff and showcased his skills on the pitch. At midday, the ex-Everton ace sat down next to fellow Brazilian Lucas Moura in the canteen for a spot of lunch. And Spurs’ new signing was approached by a number of players. At one point, Argentina international Romero wandered over to Richarlison with a smirk on his face to welcome him to the club and the pair exchanged a handshake and a hug. And as they embraced, the Tottenham squad cheered and clapped, seemingly aware of the apparent bad blood which has existed between the duo over the last year. Last September, a World Cup qualifier between Brazil and Argentina was suspended after Romero and three of his team-mates were accused of ignoring COVID-19 restrictions. The Brazilian national health surveillance agency ANVISA stomped onto the pitch with police and put an end to the game after seven minutes as they demanded the deportation of Romero, Giovani Lo Celso, Emiliano Buendia and Emiliano Martinez, who had not completed the necessary self-isolation period. READ MORE: Everton boss Frank Lampard eyes two signings and 'keen' to sign star    Richarlison later took to Instagram to mock Argentina as he wrote: “Anvisa 1-0 Argentina.” Just weeks earlier, the 25-year-old was involved in a social media post that featured him mocking Argentina for their early exit at the Olympic Games in Tokyo. Richarlison and Romero then faced each other twice in the Premier League last season and came to blows on both occasions. During last November’s 0-0 draw between Everton and Tottenham at Goodison Park, Richarlison left Romero in a heap following a late challenge, with the duo both booked for a head-to-head confrontation as the Brazilian ended up rolling around on the floor. DON'T MISS Hakim Ziyech releases statement which could affect Chelsea future Juventus set 'minimum price' for De Ligt as Chelsea and Bayern circle Ronaldo's unveiling in new Man Utd kit sheds further light on future    And in the clash between the two sides at Tottenham Hotspur Stadium in March, Romero clattered his nemesis with a reckless sliding challenge and was lucky to escape with a booking. The defender then took to Twitter to gloat about his side’s 5-0 victory as he posted a picture of Richarlison lying on the ground following the challenge. There has certainly been no love lost between the duo in the past. But by the looks of their first interaction as team-mates, the pair look set to bury the hatchet and pull together to help Spurs battle for honours in the Premier League and in Europe during the coming season. 