The Scottish broadcaster made a rare appearance on Thursday's instalment of Good Morning Britain to debate how the Prime Minister is refusing to stand down despite a growing list of Tory ministers and officials resigning. Neil, who was once Johnson's senior colleague in The Spectator magazine, also revealed to ITV viewers the reason he stopped working with him. Good Morning Britain presenter Ben Shephard began: "You have worked with him in the past, of course, so you know him." Neil corrected the broadcaster, saying: "No, he worked for me." When Shephard asked if Neil was surprised Johnson is refusing to acknowledge what was happening, he replied: "It surprises me the extent it has gone when the Cabinet has deserted him when he is incapable of reconstituting his government. "Does it surprise me that he has put him at the centre and all that seems to matter is Boris Johnson - no. READ MORE: Alastair Campbell ENDS interview with Piers Morgan "It doesn't surprise me that we can barely trust a word he says it was for these reasons we parted company in the first place." He continued: "I am seeing this being played out on a far grander scale than I did when he worked for me at The Spectator." Neil was appointed the chairman of the publication in 2004 while Johnson was the editor. The former GB News chairman added: "Now Boris Johnson is a member of a party of one. "It's not really the Conservative Party it is the Boris Johnson party and that is all that matters, he has always put himself ahead of anything else including the country and the party, parliament, everything. "We are now seeing the consequences but we are not in a constitutional crisis we are in a political crisis and we are in a crisis of government but the pain will soon end, it will soon be over and he will even have to face the inevitable." Co-host Susanna Reid questioned Neil about who will replace Johnson as the nation's leader. She said Johnson has argued the Government will lose the person who won "a colossal mandate to govern". DON'T MISS...Kwasi Kwarteng pulls out of GMB appearance as 50 MPs resign [BREAKING] Eamonn Holmes blasts ITV as he wins News Presenter of the Year [INSIGHT]Susanna Reid baffled as Steve Bray boycotts GMB with protest song [MUST SEE] Reid said: "He's basically saying, 'If you vote me out within the party you are effectively voting a coalition of Labour, Lib Dems, the SNP in. "Is there a replacement which can stop that happening or is that the inevitable consequence of him going?" The veteran broadcaster clarified the Conservative Party won the mandate, not Johnson therefore the mandate will still be there if he steps down as Prime Minister. "He remains a massive vote gathering machine but a vote gathering machine now for people who now hate the Tories and go out of their way to vote against the Tories," Neil added. "Most Tories have come to the conclusion that if they stand a chance of winning the next election it has to be with somebody else." However, Neil admitted it's "not at all clear" who the next leader of the Conservative Party might be. More than 50 Conservative ministers and officials have resigned over Johnson's handling of the case of senior official Chris Pincher who has been accused of sexual misconduct. Good Morning Britain continues on weekdays from 6am on ITV.