Prince George, 9, Princess Charlotte, 7 and four-year-old Prince Louis have been going to "more and more things", particularly over the course of the Platinum Jubilee weekend last month. Due to it currently being summer break across the UK, the three children of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge could be set to make appearances at various royal engagements ove the coming weeks, according to royal correspondent Richard Palmer. Speaking to Mr Palmer, the Daily Express' Royal Round-Up host Pandora Forsyth said: "I'm guessing then, on that note, there won't be any appearances from the children". He replied: "I wouldn't rule it out actually. "They have been going to more and more things." Mr Palmer continued: "Last night, it became clear that the Duke of Cambridge would be going, once England, the England's women's team had qualified for the Euro 22 final at Wembley on Sunday, it became clear that, from sources, that William was going to be going, but he wasn't officially confirmed. READ MORE: 'Monumental row’ Harry and Meghan in bust-up ahead of major royal event "A bit like I was saying, last week, about the Earthshot Prize in Boston, it's clear that the intention for them both to go but it's not been officially confirmed yet." "I think it's certainly a possibility that William may well take Princess Charlotte, for example, and maybe some of the other children as well, but we are going to have to wait and see. "A decision hasn't been made on that". The Cambridge have been taking their children, in particular their two eldest, to more engagements, as of late. READ MORE: William issues heartbreaking plea for 'swift justice' as Duke 'deeply saddened' by death Prince George and Princess Charlotte accompanied their parents to Prince Philip's memorial service at Westminster Abbey in March. The duo were in attendance to honour their great-grandfather, who passed away in April 2021. Their younger brother, Prince Louis, wasn't in attendance. DON'T MISS During the Trooping The Colour, the trio made their debut in the annual British royal family carriage procession. All three of the children rode with their mum, the Duchess of Cambridge, and their step-grandmother, Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, in the parade. Prince William and Prince Charles rode horseback during the parade. READ NEXT: