Princess Beatrice and Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi welcomed their daughter Sienna in September 2021. However, the young family are still living at Beatrice's longtime residence in St James's Palace. This is while extensive refurbishments are carried out at their new country retreat.  The £3.5million Cotswolds farmhouse has six bedrooms and a separate outbuilding that is currently being converted into a guesthouse. The renovation will be ideal for travelling visitors including Beatrice's younger sister Princess Eugenie, her husband Jack Brooksbank and their son August. Eugenie and Jack are now splitting their time between Portugal and Nottingham Cottage when they are in the UK. According to reports, Beatrice and Edo are also installing a 6-foot security gate as an added safety measure. READ MORE: Princess Beatrice has 'best royal teeth' say dentists While the couple is no doubt keen to move into their new property, it should be well worth the wait. The beautiful farmhouse is said to have a swimming pool and tennis courts, as well as offering much more space and privacy than their central London home. Edoardo's parents live in the Cotswolds, so will be well placed to spend time with the couple and baby Sienna. The Cotswolds in the UK is known for its charming towns as well as its breathtaking and calming scenery. The property is located near woodlands and has lots of space for some of its luxury features such as swimming pools and tennis courts. The beautiful home was reportedly on the market for around £3million. "The owner was very excited Bea had been round, though she tried to keep it quiet," a source told the Daily Mail. He also claimed Beatrice and Edoardo were very keen to put in an offer on the beautiful home. READ MORE: Princess Beatrice has ‘filled the gap left vacant by Harry & Meghan’ Reports stated that the couple were due to relocate to the Cotswolds as they picked a stunning £3million property as their first family home. They are expected to manage their hectic London lifestyle by dividing their time between the city and the calm countryside. The £3million property is reportedly based near Blenheim Palace, which is in the picture-perfect countryside with plenty of privacy. Princess Beatrice has resided at St James's Palace for several years and previously shared the four-bedroom home with Princess Eugenie.  This was before she moved out to Ivy Cottage at Kensington Palace. Beatrice has revealed a few glimpses inside the current family home during interviews and Zoom calls throughout the coronavirus pandemic. She has shown a framed wedding photo on display on her mantelpiece, and a vase of Pampas grass in her living room. Other royals such as Princess Anne also have a London base in St James’s Palace. 