Survivalist drama Keep Breathing follows a New York attorney who is plunged into the unforgiving wilderness after her private jet crash lands. She will be battling personal demons from her past and trying to stay alive as she seeks out help. Here’s a look at the cast of the brand-new, six-part Netflix drama. Liv - Melissa Barrera Actress Melissa Barrera takes the lead as lawyer Liv, who is thrown into the wilderness after an aeroplane crash. The actress is best known for her roles in Starz drama Vida, In the Heights, and the most recent Scream movie. She has also featured in Perseguidos, Tanto amor, and La mujer de Judas. Danny - Jeff Wilbusch Taking on the part of Liv’s love interest and on and off boyfriend Danny is Jeff Wilbusch, who haunts her as she tries to be rescued. The actor previously appeared in Netflix’s mini-series Unorthodox, The Little Drummer Girl and movies Bad Banks and Oslo. READ MORE: Manifest explained: What happened to the plane in Manifest? Sam - Austin Stowell Austin Stowell portrays Sam, one of the co-pilots on the aircraft, who seems to haunt Liv as she grapples with the harsh Canadian outdoors. The actor’s previous credits include the Oscar-winning film Bridge of Spies, Whiplash, Battle of the Sexes, and Fantasy Island. Liv's Mother - Florencia Lozano In the role of Liv’s mother is Florencia Lozano, who appeared in One Life to Live, General Hospital, Veronica Decides to Die, and Perfect Strangers. She has also appeared in Blue Bloods, Law & Order, Madam Secretary, and also in Narcos. George - Mike Dopud Mike Dopud stars as George with the actor probably most famous for his role as Serbian drug cartel leader Jason Micic in Power. Dopud has also appeared in X-Men: Days of Future Past, In the Name of the King, The Predator, and Virtual Revolution. Young Liv - Joselyn Picard Portraying the young version of Liv as she revisits her past is child star Joselyn Picard. The young actress is starting to build up her CV with roles in Away, Superman and Lois, and The Good Doctor. Liv's Father - Juan Pablo Espinosa Playing Liv’s father is Colombian actor Juan Pablo Espinosa, who has starred in the movies Half Brothers and Secrets of Paradise as well as TV series Le Fan, El Secretario, and Narcos. Ruth - Getenesh Berhe Rounding off the main cast is Getenesh Berhe as Ruth with the star counting roles in Cinema of Sleep, SurrealEstate, and Upshot. She’s also featured in Kim’s Convenience, Man Seeking Woman, Secretly Santa, and The Republic of Sarah. Other cast members in Keeping Breathing include Michelle Choi-Lee, Alison Wandzura, Stephanie Izsak, Keith Dinicol, Katrina Reynolds, and Ranjit Samra. DON'T MISS...How many episodes are in Yellowjackets on Sky? [EXPLAINER]Manifest season 4: All we know so far about the Netflix revival [INSIGHT]Manifest season 4: What is Stone 828? [ANALYSIS] Early reviews for Keep Breathing have been fairly mixed with The Hollywood reporter comparing the series to Yellowjackets but said it lacks the elements which made the Showtime drama an Emmy-nominated success. Variety described Keep Breathing as “fairly forgettable” but has some “nice moments” with praise going to lead actress Barrera. Finally, The Cinemaholic described the drama is as “engaging” but failing to have the “excitement” needed to really stand out. The consensus among the reviews is Keep Breathing is concise with its limited number of episodes and keeping each instalment to around 40 minutes. Keep Breathing is streaming on Netflix now