The first vaccine rollout in 2021 helped Britain return to a sense of normality after a year of disruption and lockdown. The new booster programme is designed to help keep the most vulnerable safe from the effects of Covid. Autumn Covid boosters will be offered to people aged 50 and over, residents and staff in care homes for older adults, frontline health and social care workers, unpaid carers, individuals aged five to 49 in clinical risk groups and household contacts of those who are immunosuppressed. Prime Minister Boris Johnson said: “Our vaccination programme has been one of the fastest and most successful in the world. Because of our collective efforts, from our NHS who got those jabs in arms, to everyone who came forward to keep themselves and those around them safe, we were able to open up our country while protecting lives and livelihoods. “Today we have confirmed the next phase in our booster programme to keep our defences strong over autumn and winter. Vaccines were our way out of this pandemic, and now they will make sure covid can never haunt us in the same way again.” READ MORE: Boris Johnson announces new Covid vaccine roll-out as cases surge Health and Social Care Secretary Steve Barclay said: “I have accepted the independent advice of the Joint Committee on Vaccination and Immunisation to offer an autumn Covid booster to people aged 50 and over, residents and staff in care homes for older adults, frontline health and social care workers, unpaid carers, individuals aged five to 49 in clinical risk groups and household contacts of those who are immunosuppressed. “NHS staff and volunteers provided an outstanding service to the public through the biggest and fastest vaccination rollout in England’s history, which saved countless lives and allowed us to live with this virus without restrictions on our freedom. “Viruses spread more easily in the colder seasons with people socialising inside, so the risk of getting Covid is higher. It is absolutely vital the most vulnerable groups receive a booster vaccine to strengthen their immunity against serious disease over winter to protect themselves and reduce pressure on the NHS. “The flu virus could also be highly infectious at this time of year, so today I am also announcing that those eligible for a free flu vaccination this year will include everyone aged 50 and over, primary school children and secondary school pupils in years 7, 8 and 9, as well as people in clinical risk groups, unpaid carers and household contacts of those who are immunosuppressed. “If you or your child are eligible for a Covid or flu vaccine, I urge you to come forward as soon as you are invited by the NHS.” Covid cases have been slowly rising in recent months, as the UK population is mixing in outdoor and indoor venues without restriction. The vaccine did not eradicate the virus, but it is helping to keep people safe and allow the country to come out of lockdown. Companies such as Astrazeneca, Pfizer, and Moderna developed vaccines which were distributed nation-wide in community settings around the UK. As part of the UK's efforts to keep people healthy over winter, flu vaccines will also be given to some of the most vulnerable people. This includes everyone aged 50 and over, primary school children and secondary school pupils in years 7, 8 and 9, as well as people in clinical risk groups, unpaid carers and household contacts of those who are immunosuppressed. Viruses spread more easily in colder weather conditions, which means when temperatures drop in winter lives could be at risk. On July 14, 191,000 people tested positive for Covid, with a seven-day average of 55,000 cases per week. The number of people vaccinated in England has continued to rise, with the latest Government figures showing that more than 20,000 people had their first Covid jab in the last week. More than 66,000 people had their second Covid jab in the past week, while 44,000 people had their third or booster jab. In total, more than 33 million people have been fully vaccinated, with 42 million having had at least two jabs, and 45 million having one jab. The Government decided to roll out an autumn booster programme to help ease pressure on the NHS over winter.