Arsenal are set to sign Manchester City star Oleksandr Zinchenko in the coming days, according to reports. City boss Pep Guardiola is willing to sell the Ukraine star for a fee of around £35million. Arsenal were linked with Zinchenko earlier in the window. Their attention turned to Ajax star Lisandro Martinez, as Mikel Arteta sought cover at left-back. However, Martinez has now agreed to join Manchester United instead. Arsenal reignited their interest in Zinchenko earlier this week and a deal already appears to be close with City. The Mail says the two Premier League clubs are currently thrashing out a deal, with an agreement hoped in the next few days. City boss Pep Guardiola will allow the 25-year-old to leave in the hope of more regular football. Zinchenko made just 15 league appearances last season, five of which were as a substitute. City value the player, who has previously been reluctant to leave the club, at £35m. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd agree fee, Chelsea eyeing two deals, Ronaldo offer  He is set to reunite with two familiar faces at Arsenal. He had a good relationship with Gunners boss Arteta during his time as Guardiola's assistant at the Etihad. Zinchenko will also have a former team-mate in the shape of Gabriel Jesus. Arsenal completed the signing of the Brazil striker earlier this month for £45m. Arteta has been attracted to the versatility of Zinchenko. He plays as a midfielder for Ukraine but has been used at left-back during the majority of his six years at City. He has won four Premier League titles and four FA Cups as a City player. However, he has not made more than 20 league appearances in a single season. DON'T MISSBarcelona dressing room reaction after Frenkie de Jong ‘tells them he’ll reject Man Utd’Arsenal given transfer boost as Man City already planning for Oleksandr Zinchenko exitFrenkie de Jong's rejected shirt number as Barcelona star nears Man Utd transfer  City are interested in signing Brighton star Marc Cucurella as a replacement for Zinchenko. The Spaniard had a successful first season in England following a move from Getafe last summer. City are also set to keep hold of Nathan Ake, who can also play on the left of defence. Chelsea were interested in bringing Ake back to the club but were unable to reach a financial agreement with the champions. Zinchenko could become Arsenal's fifth signing of the summer window. Young Brazilian winger Marquinhos was the first player through the door. USA goalkeeper Matt Turner and young Portuguese midfielder Fabio Vieira have also joined. All four signings, including Jesus, have travelled to the USA for the club's pre-season tour. 