The third in line to the throne is growing up in a highly digitalised era, where people can share online within seconds pictures and videos for millions to see. This means that, unlike older generations of royals, Prince George won't have the "comfort of time" to deflect a potentially problematic situation if he ever has a blunder, a social media and PR expert said. Andy Barr, CEO and co-founder of social media and PR agency 10yetis, told Express.co.uk: "George is in the unfortunate digital age where his every move will be snapped and shared and whilst he will be fully briefed on choosing his friends and the places where he lets off a bit of steam wisely, there is truly no escape. "The crucial thing to remember is that any social media blunder will eventually be highlighted by the media, and this is where the Royal Family press office has a tried and tested way of managing crisis situations. "Crucially, and why I feel this is much harder for George, the Royal Family of generations gone had the comfort of time and a certain degree of social distance that they could use to deflect a potentially negative situation. "Today's modern social ethos of 'snap and be the first to share' means that George will have little to protect him from those embarrassing moments." Prince William enjoyed a higher degree of privacy during his school and university years after the Palace struck a media blackout deal not to have his studies and teenage years disrupted by the public eye. And, as he attended Eton and St Andrews University long before the birth of social media, he did not need to worry about his peers speaking about their brush with royalty on online platforms. While social media may be a problem as the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's firstborn grows up, Mr Barr is confident Prince George will embrace technology when the time comes for him to become a working royal. He said: "George will want to have a presence on these platforms and just as royal generations before him have been perceived to have adopted new platforms to show a different side, such as the Queen joining Twitter, he will be no different." READ MORE: Meghan Markle had 'team of 14' aides to learn royal duties As the third-in-line to the throne, Prince George faces an increasing amount of public scrutiny. For the time being, however, Kate and William are striving to give him, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis a childhood as normal as possible, carrying out together activities they love, taking part in the school run and being hands-on parents when it comes to their education. The Duke and Duchess have been slowly introducing the boy and his siblings to the concept of royal duties, without thrusting them into the public eye. George and Charlotte's first royal walkabout took place in December 2019, after they attended the Christmas Day service at St Mary Magdalene Church in Norfolk. The children remained close to their parents and, prompted by the Duke and Duchess, they spoke to some of the well-wishers who had lined up for hours to catch a glimpse of them. The following year, Prince Louis joined his siblings and parents to walk down the red carpet at the London Palladium, where they watched a special panto performance dedicated to NHS workers. George's public outings increased over the past 12 months, with the boy heading to Wembley Stadium last year for two England matches during the EURO 2020. Stressing he was representing the Crown much like his parents, the boy donned a suit and tie matching William's rather than a more casual outfit. In the first half of 2022, Kate and William delighted royal fans by stepping out more often than in previous years with their children. However, most of the engagements they carried out as a family included fun activities for Prince George, to balance his sense of duty with his young age. Among them was the appearance at Twickenham Stadium in February, when Prince George watched the England v Wales Six Nations match after having skillfully chatted with some of the team's officials about his own love for the sport. The third-in-line also showed poise as he attended a more poignant event this year with Princess Charlotte - the service of thanksgiving for the life of Prince Philip. The Cambridges' children were also a welcomed fixture during the Platinum Jubilee bank holiday weekend last month. During the four days of celebrations, George and Charlotte also marked a personal milestone, as they made their first official visit to Cardiff for the first time. Prince George last appeared in public in mid-July, when he attended the Wimbledon men's singles final with his parents. But royal fans are hoping to see him and his siblings returning to Wembley Stadium tonight for the Women's EURO final.