Type 2 diabetes sends a clear signal that your body is not producing sufficient insulin. The primary role of insulin is to regulate blood sugar - the main type of sugar found in blood. Stripped of this mechanism, blood sugar levels can rise to dangerous levels. Fortunately, diet provides an alternative means of moderating blood sugar. Certain items have been touted for their blood sugar-lowering prowess. A study published in the Journal of Medicinal Plants Research suggests garlic possesses blood sugar-lowering capabilities. The aim of the study was to evaluate the effects of garlic on fasting blood sugar (FBS) and HbA1c in patients with type 2 diabetes. FBS measures average blood sugar levels eight to 10 after fasting and HbA1c is your average blood sugar levels for the last two to three months. READ MORE: Diabetes type 2: The 2p drink that 'significantly' lowers blood sugar in minutes of intake For study, patients with a higher than normal fasting blood sugar were recruited and divided into seven groups (A, B, C, D, E, F and G), each comprising 30 patients. Group A, B, C, D, and E were given garlic tablets at doses of 300, 600, 900, 1200, and 1500 mg per day respectively. Group F received metformin while group G received placebo. Metformin is a medication that helps the insulin you produce work better. You usually take it as a tablet. DON'T MISSErectile dysfunction: The surprising activity that might put you at risk [ADVICE]Prostate cancer: 10 symptoms that signal a growing tumour [TIPS]Covid: Patient with BA.5 variant details unusual symptoms [INSIGHT] FBS and HbA1c were measured at the beginning of the study, at week 12 and 24. Significant decrease in fasting blood sugar and HbA1c were observed in the groups. In each garlic treated group, significant reduction in FBS and HbA1c were observed when compared with placebo. What's more, "highly significant" reductions in FBS and improvement in HbA1C were observed at higher doses of garlic and with increase in the duration of study, the researchers wrote. The researchers concluded: "Garlic is more effective than placebo and comparable to metformin in reducing fasting blood glucose and may be a valuable addition in the management of diabetic patients." To ensure you bring blood sugar levels under control, you should refer to the glycaemic index (GI). The GI is a rating system for foods containing carbohydrates. It shows how quickly each food affects your blood sugar (glucose) level when that food is eaten on its own. Carbs that are broken down quickly by your body and cause a rapid increase in blood glucose have a high GI rating. Some high GI foods are: Many people have type 2 diabetes without realising. This is because symptoms do not necessarily make you feel unwell. Symptoms include: See a GP if you have any of the symptoms of type 2 diabetes or you're worried you may have a higher risk of getting type 2 diabetes, advises the NHS.