The former Labour leader is thought to be being urged to put himself forward as a candidate for the 2024 London Mayoral election. Friends of the Islington North MP are looking to find a way to give him a new high-profile role after he was suspended from the parliamentary Labour Party by Sir Keir Starmer in 2020. The removal of the party whip means he is currently ineligible to run as a Labour candidate in the next general election. If he wanted to retain the seat in the House of Commons that he has held since 1983, he would be required to run as an independent. But some close to him see now as the perfect opportunity for the socialist to build a new power base. An informed source told Express.co.uk: "Various tranches of the Left have been trying to find a way to nudge Jeremy back into some kind of position of influence ever since his whip was withdrawn." READ MORE: Tory leader must boost support to avoid 'pendulum swing to Labour' They confirmed to his website that discussions were underway about transforming Mr Corbyn's charity that he set up after standing down as Labour leader, the Peace & Justice Project, into a new political party. A close ally of Mr Corbyn told HuffPost UK that some saw the next London mayoral elections as the ideal platform for the ex-Opposition leader. They told the publication: "There are people who have encouraged him to run for mayor. "There are people who feel that given the left’s progressive agenda through some of the metro mayors, having Jeremy do something similar in London would be a good axis. "It’s not something he has ever said he has an appetite to do, but it has been discussed by people close to him." His run would be similar to when left-winger Ken Livingstone ran for London Mayor in 2000. DON'T MISS:Fury in Commons at MPs jeer Labour MP after final attack on Boris [WATCH]Boris ridicules Starmer's 'funny wooden flapping gesture' - MPs shout [REACTION]Keir Starmer goes on foul mouthed rant about 'bullsh***er Boris' [UPDATE] The Labour MP was forced to run as an independent after Sir Tony Blair refused to back him to be the party's candidate. However, the move backfired when Mr Livingstone won the contest with 58 percent of the final vote. Allies of Mr Corbyn are reported to be revelling at the prospect of Sir Keir being left humiliated if their man beat Labour in the 2024 contest. A spokesman for Mr Corbyn said: "Jeremy is focused on his responsibility as the Member of Parliament for Islington North, representing constituents, holding the Tory Government to account and demanding action on the cost of living climate scandal that is causing stress and misery for millions." Mr Corbyn lost the Labour whip after he failed to apologise for remarks he made in response to a report on anti-Semitism within the party. It said under Mr Corbyn's tenure there was "a lack of leadership within the Labour party on these issues, which is hard to reconcile with its stated commitment to a zero-tolerance approach to anti-Semitism". In a statement about the findings, the former Labour leader said anti-Semitism was "absolutely abhorrent. However, he added: "The scale of the problem was also dramatically overstated for political reasons by our opponents inside and outside the party, as well as by much of the media."