Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge, and her husband Prince William appeared to defy royal protocol last week. Express Royal Correspondent Richard Palmer told the Royal Round-Up that the five members of the family, as well as their new dog, flew on the same royal helicopter. This breaks with unofficial royal rules that prevent senior royals from flying together for safety concerns. Mr Palmer explained: "There were pictures online of the Cambridges taking a helicopter somewhere last week. "I'm curious about this because there was a story a few months ago, that I was told was true, that the Queen was very concerned about them all traveling together in a helicopter. "They are the second, third, fourth, and fifth in line to the throne. "They are away on holiday at the moment, which is why they used the helicopter." JUST IN: Prince Harry 'changed his phone number without telling Royal Family'  He added: "Again, the Cambridges are also under the spotlight for their carbon footprint as well, although royal helicopters do run on sustainable fuel." It was reported that the Queen had "several conversations" with William six months ago, asking him to "stop flying himself, particularly in bad weather". There were fears that an accident could threaten the line of succession. Royal commentator Neil Sean even suggested that the Queen could summon the couple to Windsor to explain themselves after they return. He said: "When Prince William and Catherine return back from their short break, they will be summoned to Windsor to explain the cause of their actions."  Previously, Mr Palmer also told The Express that "the Queen felt, certainty let it be known, that she felt uncomfortable about the entire family traveling by helicopter". He said: "There was a little bit of official unhappiness about the amount of time that the Cambridges were spending traveling between Anmer Hall in Norfolk and Kensington Palace, their London residence, using helicopters." Though their destination from this week's flight was not confirmed, it is highly likely that the Cambridges were making their way to their residence in Norfolk. DON'T MISS: Royal POLL: Should Charles and William conduct a joint reign? [POLL]Prince Harry's body reaction to Meghan highlights 'nervousness' [VIDEO]Royal Family LIVE: Camilla dragged into race row with Harry and Meghan [LIVE BLOG]  This comes ahead of a big summer for the Cambridges. Prince George is expected to change schools while the whole family are thought to be moving into Adelaide Cottage in Windsor. The relocation to Windsor this summer comes from a desire to be closer to the Queen and Kate's parents Carole and Michael Middleton, who live in Berkshire. The Cambridges also usually visit Her Majesty in Balmoral in August. READ NEXT: Royal Family LIVE: Camilla dragged into race row with Harry and MeghanPrince George's adorable birthday image starts a royal fan frenzy Prince George would be ‘so upset' after Kate and William's tourRoyal POLL: Should Charles and William conduct a joint reign?Prince Harry's body reaction to Meghan highlights 'nervousness' 