EE is offering broadband for a bargain price, with home broadband packages available to sign-up for right now for just £12. This deal - which offers a cut price fee for the first three months - is part of the EE Summer Sale, with existing EE customers able to get the best broadband deals around. If you want to get the bargain though you need to act quick as the EE broadband sale ends after Thursday. EE has slashed the prices of all of its home broadband packages, with these discounts running until midnight on Friday July 8. For each broadband plan two rates are offered, one for existing EE customers (which is the cheapest rate) along with a price for non-EE customers. The cheapest broadband plan that EE offers is its standard home broadband package that offers average download speeds of 11Mbps. This plan usually costs £24 a month if you're already an EE customer or £27 if you're not. But thanks to the Summer Sale running right now EE pay monthly customers can get this package for just £12 a month for the first three months of a 24 month contract, or if you're not already with EE you'll get this plan for £13.50 a month for the first three months. A £10 set-up fee is also required whatever discount you get. If you're willing to spend a little bit more then the entry-level EE fibre broadband plan is well worth the extra money. This package offers treble the average download speeds of the cheapest EE broadband package, as it offers 36Mbps average downloads. This usually costs a few pounds more a month than the cheapest package, with EE's entry-level fibre broadband priced at £26 a month if you're with EE or £29 if you're a new customer. But the limited-time sale running right now slashes the price down to £13 a month for the first three months of a 24 month contract if you're already with EE or £14.50 if you aren't. As an extra bonus, this plan - like other EE fibre packages that are more expensive - comes with free set-up. EE is also throwing in a range of freebies, depending on which broadband package you choose. If you're already a pay monthly or SIM-only customer with EE you'll be able to get your data allowance boosted by 5GB when you sign up to a home broadband package, or 20GB if you choose one of the more expensive Fibre Max plans. Also, depending on which plan you choose you can also get free access to Microsoft's Xbox Game Pass Ultimate service. Xbox Game Pass lets you access hundreds of games for a monthly fee, and you don't even need to have an Xbox console to take advantage of this. If you subscribe to the Ultimate tier you'll be able to play Xbox games via the cloud on your smartphone, laptop and even on a 2022 Samsung TV. For those that sign up to a 500Mbps EE broadband package you'll get six months worth of Xbox Game Pass Ultimate access for free. While if you opt for a 12 month plan for the 900Mbps broadband you'll get 12 months access for free. Xbox Game Pass Ultimate is priced at £10.99 a month, meaning you can save over £100 on the price of membership when you sign up to get EE home broadband.