Conor McGregor has ridiculed Jake Paul after the YouTube star called him out for a fight once again. The Irishman branded Paul a “flop” and a “nobody” as he laughed off ‘The Problem Child’s’ big-money offer. Paul has made it clear on multiple occasions that he would love to face McGregor either inside the UFC Octagon or in the boxing ring. Back in May, he vowed to knockout McGregor after the former two-weight UFC champion uploaded a video of himself hitting pads. Paul criticised McGregor’s technique as “embarrassing” as he claimed that McGregor has “no head movement” and is “wide open.” Now, the ex-Disney actor has ramped up talks for the fight during a recent appearance on the MMA Hour with Ariel Helwani. He said: "I think for me, fighting a couple more times, continuing to knock some people out, and he has to get active again, who knows when that's gonna happen? I think those two things need to happen, and then at some point, it's gotta happen." Paul then talked up the potential monetary value of the fight, saying: "You know, why not? He's a businessman, I'm a businessman, and that's $75 to $100 million [£63m-£84.3m] for both of us." McGregor was quick to fire back as he ripped into Paul, claiming the YouTuber has never done more than 70,000 pay-per-view buys, tweeting: "You’ve [had] 2 fights and done 70k buys." "You are a flop, kid. A nobody,” McGregor followed up. MORE UFC NEWS... Conor McGregor reaping fruits of new training regime as pictures show Nadal called out by UFC star just days after Wimbledon withdrawal McGregor fires cheeky shot at Khabib after UFC Hall of Fame induction McGregor is alluding to reports that came out after Paul’s rematch with former UFC Welterweight champion Tyron Woodley that claimed their second fight received under 65,000 pay-per-view buys. However, official numbers published by Showtime reveal that Paul vs Woodley II garnered 350,000 domestic purchases. Paul is set to face Hasim Rahman Jr next on August 6 at Madison Square Garden, New York. But the 5-0 boxer has recently confirmed that their fight is in doubt after Rahman Jr threatened to no-show Tuesday’s press conference unless he is paid more money. If the bout falls through, Paul will be forced to look for his third opponent in the space of a week after his clash against Tommy Fury on the same date was cancelled due to ‘TNT’ being refused entry to the United States.