They've warned many workers are at risk of finding they're unable to receive their full state pension payments in light of new proposals by the Government. The Department for Business Education and Skills (BEIS) is planning to scrap exclusivity clauses in employment contracts. This could mean employees earning below a certain amount are unable to claim National Insurance credits. As part of its guidance, the Government department stated: “Government will legislate on extending the ban on exclusivity clauses, making them unenforceable in employment contracts where the guaranteed weekly income is below or equivalent to the Lower Earnings Limit, currently £123 a week.” Exclusivity clauses are used by employers to prevent someone from working for someone else but they do not need to guarantee their employee certain hours of work. While this proposal appears to be brought in to help workers, it could lead to them missing out on National Insurance credits. While individuals are able to earn National Insurance credits if they make £123 a week from one job, those who make £120 a week from two jobs receive nothing. READ MORE: ‘It’s free money!’ Britons urged to act now to slash tax by thousands  Experts are sounding the alarm that many workers could face losing out on the full state pension if this proposal is implemented. These credits are vital for many people across the country as they go towards their state pension entitlement. Workers usually need 35 years of National Insurance credits to receive the full new state pension, but those who are unable to reach this threshold can use credits to boost their chances of getting it. To get the full basic state pension, employees need at least 30 years of National Insurance credits.  Each year someone qualifies for National Insurance credits is currently worth £275 a year in state pension payouts. James Andrews, the senior personal finance Editor at money.co.uk, warned how Britons could “lose out” as a result of the rule change. Mr Andrews explained: “It sounds like good news at first - giving part-time workers more flexibility and requiring bosses to pay them a certain amount if they want exclusivity - but the reality could see people lose out. “To get a full [new] state pension you need to have 35 qualifying years of National Insurance credits on your record - and you need 10 to get any state pension at all. READ MORE: Triple lock reinstated: How much will you get in state pension boost?  “This change might give people a feeling of false security - letting them earn more money by taking on multiple part time jobs - but at the cost of a far poorer retirement. “Needless to say, this isn’t how tax works either - with your whole income taxed as if it was from a single employer, rather than separate allowances for each job.” Despite this, the financial expert noted that there are other options for people looking to get their full state pension entitlement. He added: “The good news is that earnings are only one way to ensure you get a National Insurance credit - with a string of benefits and other allowances also letting you qualify.  “People approaching retirement can also buy credits to top up any missing years in their record. “It’s vital to make sure that you are signed up to any benefits and allowances you’re entitled to, or you risk missing out on some or potentially all of your state pension for decades after you retire.” These include claiming support such as Carer’s Allowance or Child Benefit, if people are eligible for those benefits. Furthermore, payments such as Universal Credit and Working Tax Credit also give claimants National Insurance credit entitlement. People can check their eligibility for National Insurance credits to boost their state pension by going onto the GOV.UK website. 