The UK is currently experiencing a heatwave, with some regions reaching 32C. With many people working from home and struggling to sleep in the heat, there are  “simple” ways to try and keep the house cool. Matthew Currington, Technical Director at The Lighting Superstore, said: “While it’s tempting, opening your curtains or blinds and letting the sunshine in when it’s hot outside can do the opposite of what you’re trying to do and increase the temperature of your home. “Avoid this where possible. “It’s much better to keep them closed throughout the day, so they can absorb the heat. In particular, blinds can reflect a substantial amount of heat radiating through windows. “At night, temperatures tend to drop, so opening the windows and curtains fully in the evening will allow cold air to circulate around the house.” According to the expert, a surprising amount of heat is generated from appliances in the home. READ MORE: Easy ways to clean stubborn stains from grout without bleach This includes using the oven and using tech equipment. Matthew said: “Avoid charging them overnight and switching devices off can help avoid internal heat gains. “The best bedroom temperature to sleep in is between 15 to 19 degrees celsius. “If you turn off all devices and switches in the bedroom, they will be unable to emit heat.” DON'T MISS:Elton John’s private life a stone’s throw from Windsor Castle [COMMENT]Homes Under The Hammer buyer increases house price by £63k - pictures [INSIGHT]Pests: ‘Simple steps’ to ‘deter’ wasps away from your home [EXPLAINER] Most UK homes aren’t fitted with air conditioning, and it can cost thousands to install it. This means using fans is the most obvious option to keep cool. However, after some time, it can feel like it isn’t working as it should be. To help this, the expert recommended placing a bowl filled with ice directly in front of the fan. READ MORE: How dishwasher ‘packing technique’ could save you money on bills Matthew said this is like making your own air conditioning unit. He added: “As the ice melts, the breeze from the fan will pick up the cool air coming from the ice’s surface and creates a breeze, like an air-conditioning unit. “If you’re worried about using additional energy, stick a hot water bottle full of water into the freezer for a few hours. “Once frozen, it’ll emit cold in the same way that it warms up if you use hot water. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “Stash your ice pack in the bed before you get in, or place it under your feet to help you regulate your temperature as you drift off.” Taking a cold shower can also help to reduce body temperature. This is ideal just before going to sleep. Matthew added: “You might feel like stripping your clothes off, but a better option is to wear cotton pyjamas to help your skin breathe and soak up your sweat.”