 Sir Mick Jagger’s infamous reputation precedes him in many circles, which apparently includes the royal family. The rockstar was knighted by Prince Charles for his 40 years of service to popular music, but the thought of the anti-establishment symbol agreeing to such an honour was unfathomable for many.   It is not uncommon for rockstars and pop culture icons to receive the ultimate honour of knighthood, with the likes of Sir Elton John also earning the privilege. However, Sir Mick’s honouring would incur a bit more public uproar. Largely the reaction from the public was due to Sir Mick’s once anarchist views and outrageous reputation both as an individual and as part of legendary rock band The Rolling Stones, whose recorded 1978 concert is airing tonight on BBC Two. Bandmate Keith Richards didn’t take too kindly to the news saying he believed the thought of Sir Mick being knighted was “ludicrous”. Richards would later add his opinion that The Rolling Stones and the monarchy should not be connected. READ MORE: Elvis Presley ‘was changed’ by ex Linda Thompson – ‘I’d never seen him do that before!’  He shared in an interview with Uncut:  “It’s not what the Stones is about is it?” Sir Mick felt Richards was simply upset at being overlooked for the honour, however, Richards would actually refuse his own set of royal awards. The guitarist refused to accept a C.B.E., which was not much of a shock to the public as he had previously said he’d never expected to get one as “they knew I’d tell them where they could put it.” Speaking to the BBC after Sir Mick was knighted, Richards joked: “It was a shoddy award. I wouldn’t let that family near me with a sharp stick, let alone a sword.” Sir Mick’s close friend David Bowie was set to be knighted the same year but turned down the honour, reportedly taking issue with the fact that Sir Mick had not done the same.  Many in the public eye didn’t think Sir Mick was a suitable candidate as he had embodied the alternative underbelly of society for decades. His behaviour over his decades as a rockstar had garnered him global publicity, alongside multiple arrests and eight children from five different women. Ultimately, Sir Mick’s history left many feeling he was not of the required calibre to become a knight. When the Queen found out about Sir Mick’s name being added to the list she allegedly responded with “not suitable” according to the Daily Mail.    /entertainment/films/1643582/James-Bond-tombstone-tour-review-Faroe-Islands-No-Time-To-Die-James-Bond-death  The Queen was due for surgery at the time of Sir Mick’s knighting, but this did not stop the rumours spreading of a more personal reason behind her handing the sword over to Prince Charles. It was reportedly Tony Blair that had prompted Sir Mick to be on the honours list. Allegedly Blair had tried to get Sir Mick on the list several times during his run as prime minister as Sir Mick was a hero for him, according to the Daily Mail. In an Alternative Press archive video Sir Mick talked to the press shortly after his knighting ceremony.  He commented on the biggest question in the public’s mind: why was someone who was vividly anti-establishment and pro-anarchy agreeing to receive an honour like this. Sir Mick shared: “I don’t really think the establishment as we knew it exists any more.” Despite frequent spats between the band mates, The Rolling Stones are still touring and performing with as much energy and enthusiasm as they did in the 1960s. Rolling Stones: Some Girls Live In Texas airs tonight at 10pm on BBC Two.