Announcing that she and Shadow Home Secretary Yvette Cooper had written to the newly-appointed Chancellor, Kit Malthouse, to "demand immediate action" on the matter, Ms Rayner said on Sunday morning: "Lebedev is an ex-KGB agent. Known close links to the Kremlin. Investments in Crimea. Sanctioned by Canada. Boris Johnson now admits he met him without officials or security as Foreign Secretary." Ms Rayner added: "If the Prime Minister breached national security, he must leave office immediately and face the full consequences of the law." Labour's letter to Mr Malthouse calls for a full inquiry into the "extent of the security risks and the potential disclosure of sensitive information" at Mr Johnson's meeting with ex-KGB agent two days after attending a high-level NATO summit that focused on Russia. It also seeks disclosure of the assessment made by the intelligence agencies of the national security implications of the meeting "including whether Johnson took any papers from the NATO meeting [and] the possible compromising of his phone". Brexit LIVE: The three Tory Party candidates who will anger Von der Leyen the most It emerged in 2019 that Mr Johnson, then Foreign Secretary, had met Lebedev during a weekend-long party at a castle in Perugia, Italy, owned by Evgeny Lebedev, Alexander's son, immediately after attending a NATO foreign ministers' gathering in Brussels scheduled at the height of the Salisbury poisoning crisis. It happened in April 2018, without security. But it was only last Wednesday, the day before he resigned as leader of the Conservative Party and Prime Minister, that he finally admitted it had happened. Answering an urgent question from Labour's Chris Bryant in the Commons on Thursday, Foreign Office minister Vicky Ford said after the meeting, Mr Johnson reported it to officials "as required". But just a few minutes later, she said: "I have just been passed a note: apparently the prime minister says he thinks he mentioned this meeting to officials." Ms Rayner said it was crucial that it was clarified whether or not such a sensitive and potentially compromising meeting was properly declared. She said in Labour's letter: "We must get to the facts in this murky affair. "Either the Foreign Office minister misled Parliament by suggesting that officials were informed or the Prime Minister carried out a personal meeting with a former Russian spy directly after discussing issues of British national security at a NATO summit without informing anyone that it had happened." DON'T MISSFive outside PM candidates could take over from Boris [ANALYSIS]Britons' priorities laid bare in new bombshell poll [INSIGHT]Next PM handed plan to stop Sturgeon's independence dream [EXPLAINER] Ms Rayner added: "We can have no more concealment. This murky affair has been covered up for too long already. "Johnson can no longer cover up his friendship with this former KGB agent with Kremlin links, a man now sanctioned by Canada, with investments in Crimea. "Yet the Prime Minister accepted thousands of pounds in gifts and made his son a lord in our parliament." It comes amid an inquiry by the Commons Intelligence and Security Committee over the appointment to the House of Lords in 2020 of Lebedev Jr, the owner of the London Evening Standard and a shareholder in The Independent. The Prime Minister has repeatedly denied he intervened to ensure Lord Lebedev was offered a peerage despite being warned by British intelligence the move could pose a security threat. The peer, whose full title is Baron Lebedev of Hampton and Siberia, has said he has "nothing to hide" and backed the publication advice linked to his appointment. Meanwhile, Mr Johnson's former chief adviser Dominic Cummings has also claimed the Prime Minister met Lebedev at the start of the Covid crisis in March 2020 – again, without officials.