On ITV’s This Morning, Simon Calder explained why the impact on flights in Spain might be “limited”. The travel expert said he had been on a Ryanair flight with striking cabin crew. He said: “Ryanair is facing some industrial action by Spanish cabin crew members and indeed in Italy, France, Portugal and Belgium as well. “But so far the impact on flights has been very limited. We saw some at the weekend but mostly Spanish domestic flights on Ryanair. “I’ve been on strike flights on Ryanair in Spain and basically you’ve got the cabin crew who don’t want to be there. “They do the safety briefing. They go and sit in the galley and they will not serve you an overpriced cup of tea. READ MORE: Travellers face ‘absolute carnage’ at Manchester Airport “If they get mandated, they’ve got to run those flights. Now there will be some disruption but the vast majority of Ryanair passengers won’t even know.” In Spain, the Ministry of Transport, Mobility and Urban Agenda has ordered a minimum service to be maintained for flights. This means that some flights will be protected to defend the basic rights of passengers to travel. International Ryanair services where an alternative public transport would mean a journey of five hours or more are likely to have a high level of protection.  This means that cabin crew will have to operate those flights by law even if they decide to go on strike. As Simon says, this may mean that passengers won’t be offered by refreshments but they will be able to board the flight. Ryanair workers in Spain are planning to strike on the 12, 13, 14, 15, 18, 19, 20, 21, 25, 26, 27 and 28 of July. Simon said he’d “never seen anything as bad” as the current travel chaos in his decades of working in the industry. READ MORE: Cruise holiday tip to protect valuable - ‘Use a shoe’ He advised passengers: “Do not turn up more than three hours ahead (of your flight). “If you do, you'll simply get in the way. If you possibly can, check in the night before. “If you live near an airport or are staying at an airport hotel, you can check your bag the night before. “If you’ve got an early flight, that’s absolutely the way to go.” He said the situation might calm down on September 5 when people are back at school and work. Simon added: “In many, many cases, if your flight is cancelled, travel insurance isn’t relevant. “The airline has to get you to your destination and if they cancel with very little notice, pay you compensation. “The only aspect would be if your flight is 12 hours late or more, a good travel insurance policy will allow you to get a refund. “That’s particularly appropriate if you’ve done a DIY holiday with car rental with hotels.”