While giving his resignation speech at 10 Downing Street, outgoing Prime Minister Boris Johnson was interrupted by Steve Bray's boombox, which played: "Bye Bye Boris." Boris Johnson eventually caved in under pressure from his own Government who called on him to resign for the sake of the country.  Brexit man Steve Bray, a pro-EU protestor, has been shouting the same message outside the Houses of Parliament for weeks in the hopes his repeated calls could get Boris Johnson out of power. The notorious anti-Brexit activist was making fun while the Prime Minister was giving his resignation speech with his boombox playing: "Bye Bye Boris." Before the outgoing Prime Minister announced he would resign, he was facing two scenarios. One was he would leave of his own accord as he has just done it. The alternative was the 1922 Committee would have changed the party's rule to allow a new confidence vote in Boris Johnson and force him out of power. The committee decided on Wednesday to hold off until Monday's committee election to move ahead with the change. Now, the question is whether he can continue to act as the caretaker Prime Minister until the autumn. Labour leader Keir Starmer has threatened to thrust another confidence vote to get him out of power. He said: "His own party have finally concluded that he's unfit to be Prime Minister, they can't now inflict him on the country for the next few months. "It's obvious he's unfit to be Prime Minister. That's been blindingly obvious for a very, very long time. "If they don't get rid of him then Labour will step up, in the national interest, and bring a vote of no confidence because we can't go on with this Prime Minister clinging on for months and months to come." READ MORE: Boris Johnson resignation video in full - watch PM resign Boris Johnson's fall was precipitated by the Chris Pincher's groping scandal, which found the Conservative chief deputy whip groped two men in a private club in late June. Upon learning the news, his former Chancellor of the Exchequer Rishi Sunak and former Health Secretary Savid Javid handed in their resignation. Their resignations then tiggered a domino effect, with more than 60 MPs following suit. In a further blow to Boris Johnson, Graham Brady, the chairman of the 1922 Committee of backbench Tory MPs, had met the prime minister before his resignation speech to tell him he has lost the confidence of the party, according to BBC political editor Chris Mason. DON'T MISS:UK's defence exposed as new £24bn pledge 'has been spent already' [REVEAL]'There will be many people who are relieved' Boris Johnson full speech [REPORT]Theresa May schools Boris Johnson with 3-word snub 'decency, honesty a [REPORT] Opposition leaders have rejoiced at the news, all saying Boris Johnson was unfit to run the country.