Liverpool new boy Darwin Nunez appeared to pick up a minor foot issue during Monday's training session ahead of this week's pre-season friendly against Manchester United. The Reds are due to kick off their preparations for the upcoming campaign against their greatest rivals on Tuesday in a match that could see Nunez make his full debut for the Merseyside giants. Nunez has been training with Liverpool since their arrival in Thailand over the weekend but it remains to be seen whether he will be fit enough to feature against United on Tuesday afternoon. He appeared to struggle with a foot problem on Monday and was seen sitting on a cool box while undergoing treatment from one of the club's physios as his team-mates continued to go through drills ahead of their meeting with the Red Devils. The 'minor foot issue' caused Nunez's session to be cut short by Liverpool's medical team, according to The Telegraph. He later got back up and running, though, with James Pearce having claimed that he was spotted doing stretches on the sidelines after only suffering from a few painful blisters. However, it may be a risk for Liverpool to play Nunez against United if it becomes clear that his involvement in the fixture could make the problem worse. The Reds will not be looking to take any unnecessary gambles at this early stage of pre-season in order to keep their players as fit as possible, but Nunez could still take part in Tuesday's match if he is deemed to be ready ahead of kick-off. JUST IN: Man City's Guardiola filmed in exchange with fan chasing him on bike Nunez joined Liverpool from Benfica for an initial sum of around £64.2million last month and is expected to lead the line for Jurgen Klopp's side over the course of next season. The 22-year-old has already spoken of his excitement at the prospect of playing alongside the likes of Mohamed Salah and Luis Diaz, who he believes will help him to reach his full potential during his time at Anfield. "There are some top, top players here with great qualities," said Nunez in his first interview with Liverpool's official channels. "There is [Roberto] Firmino, who's a great player, and then [Diogo] Jota, who is another great striker, Luis Diaz, Salah. To play alongside these monsters is going to be something really special for me. "As a kid you dream of going far and I dreamt of being able to play in Europe but I didn't expect to get as far as a great club like Liverpool. I can tell you, I'm really enjoying it so far and enjoying being here with my partner. "If my partner is happy, I am happier because your family is fundamental. So, there'll be a lot of competition between the forwards here but it will be healthy competition. We're all here to help each other out so everything goes well for everybody." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here