The GB News presenter claimed that Ms Markle has “delusions of grandeur” and “emasculates” Prince Harry. The comments come after the Duchess of Sussex weighed in on the US Supreme Court’s decision to overturn Roe vs Wade in an interview with veteran feminist Gloria Steinem. The Duchess discussed the ruling which will see abortion criminalised in many states or in the very least limited with Vogue’s Jessica Yellin and Ms Steinem. Meghan said: “I know that for so many women right now, there is a sentiment of despair. “But again, we have to band together and not wallow. We have to do the work.” Writing for MailOnline, Mr Wootton claimed one of Meghan’s close and “frustrated” aides said in 2019: “I am now convinced there is something bigger going on here – an eventual plan that involves running for office in America." They added: “She is obsessed with US politics. I think we’re (the Royal Family) now just a stepping stone to something she considers far more important and attractive.” Royal commentator Russel Myers also claimed in an interview with ITV host Lorraine Kelly that Meghan “has political ambitions” and “she’s certainly rubbing shoulders with the right people and making the right noises". He added: “They’ve got their essential freedom from the royal family so they can speak on political issues.” Ms Markle has frequently spoken out about political issues that are close to her heart which led to her critics calling her the ‘Duchess of Woke’. However, many groups have welcomed her intervention and suggest it has made her a popular royal for speaking her mind and owning her voice. Mr Wootton claimed that two events this week have shown the “two key steps which look to be part of her journey to achieving her ultimate goal of entering the White House". According to Wootton, this would be Meghan's Gloria Steinem interview in which she said she would join Ms Steinem in a march on Washington and that Buckingham Palace have decided to keep the report of the investigation into alleged bullying claims against the Duchess private. READ MORE: Half of young Brits have seen pornography while underage - Study Mr Wootton stated that the march on Washington was not in the name of women’s rights and feminism but was instead “the first of many …attempts to develop a woke base within the Democratic Party". Commenting on the Buckingham Palace investigation, a royal source stated that it was due to confidentiality in human resources and not part of a wider plot to aid Meghan’s supposed political plot. The source told the BBC: “I think one has to recognise that HR matters involving individuals are private, and that those individuals who participated in the review did so on that basis, and therefore have a right to confidentiality.” While discussing the need for people to vote “from local elections to state and national elections” and to “understand the value of women”, the Duchess supposedly “emasculated” her husband, according to Mr Wootton. DON'T MISS: Royal Family: Meghan and Harry’s 'worst blow' of Jubilee laid bar (INSIGHT)Five pieces of bad news for Putin: Russia's troubles laid bare (REVEAL)Local police confirm at least 9 dead after shooting in New Jersey (BREAKING) The GB News presenter wrote: “Meghan’s emasculation of Harry – her fantasy future First Dude – also continued at pace.” The ‘offending’ comment from the Duchess was that “men need to be vocal in this moment and beyond because these are decisions that affect relationships, families, and communities at large". She added: “They may target women, but the consequences impact all of us. "My husband and I talked about that a lot over the past few days. He’s a feminist too.”