Garden lawns can be notoriously difficult to care for at this time of year. They often become dry and dusty, with bare patches appearing after months of heavy footfall. With the weather heating up, Tristan Sissons, garden buying manager at Homebase has shared his lawn care tips for July. He said: “If you’ve been admiring the grass courts at Wimbledon this last week, it’s time to take a look at our own gardens. “Get your green space competition ready in July with these top tips.” Here are the lawn care expert’s July tips: Having a mower that’s up to scratch will ensure mowing the lawn in summer is easy. READ MORE: 'Bizarre': Prince Andrew still lives with Sarah in £30m home The gardening expert said gardeners should ensure their mower’s blades are sharp, otherwise they could end up with yellow grass. He said: “Make sure to replace your blade so it’s sharp and slices through the grass, rather than damaging it. “A blunt blade can turn your lawn yellow by damaging your lawn, so it is worth the time it takes to replace it.” A dry lawn doesn’t always need a deluge of water, even if there hasn’t been much rainfall. DON'T MISS'Sacrificial crop' How to stop slugs eating plants [INSIGHT]Alan Titchmarsh shares the ‘best’ lawn seed for hard wearing grass [UPDATE]Homeowners forget basic maintenance jobs - like boiler services [ANALYSIS] In fact, grass is incredibly resilient and can survive even the most extreme conditions. Instead, the lawn care expert suggested giving lawns a good feed instead. He said: “In fact, it [your lawn] may just need a good feed, so we recommend to use a 2-in-1 product to gently weed and feed your space all in one go. “Though, avoid using spot weed killer which can be a bit too much for your grass in the summer months.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea While it may be tempting to constantly water lawns when they look dry and dusty, gardeners should only water them in the evening. Watering during a hot, sunny day will only lead to the water evaporating or causing damage to the grass. Mr Sissons said: “Enjoy a cool summer evening in the garden watering your plants under the stars. “Your grass will absorb the water much better at this time of day and you’ll lose less through evaporation, too.  “Avoid watering in the day as the summer sun will heat the water and burn your lawn and plants.” An established lawn will need to be watered around two to three times a week in the summer. The lawn may need aerating if it has become very hard. Aerating before watering will ensure the water penetrates the lawn more effectively.