Nokia has just announced an epic new deal on its popular Android-powered smartphones and it's definitely one that's not to be missed. The famous Finnish firm, which is now owned by HMD Global, has announced that it's joined the Amazon Prime Day sale which is taking place over the next 24 hours. That means anyone with a Prime account can pop the feature-packed Nokia C21 Plus into their online shopping basket for just £84.99. Yes, you did read that correctly. And don't think for one minute that this low price means bargain-basement features as the device comes packed with a 6.5-inch HD screen, dual-lens camera, long battery life and a design that's been built to survive life on the road. There is also a rear-mounted fingerprint scanner, clutter-free Android operating system and guaranteed security updates to make sure the device stays safe for its life in your pocket. The C21 Plus usually costs £109 direct from Nokia but that already low price is now even lower. Of course, to grab this deal you will need a Prime account which usually costs £7.99 per month but you can sign up for free. GET PRIME FREE HERE • YOU CAN SEE THE NOKIA DEAL C21 DEAL HERE Along with that ludicrous deal, there's also money off the G21 as well. This more premium smartphone arrives with a 6.5-inch HD+ screen that also gets a speedy 90Hz refresh rate. That faster display offers a more silky smooth experience when scrolling through emails or checking out favourite websites. Owners will also be treated to a triple-lens rear camera that includes clever AI for improved photos. There's also a fast processor, fingerprint sensor and huge 5050 mAh battery that can last for three days before it needs a refill. The G21 usually costs £159.99 but, thanks to Prime Day, that price has been slashed to just £129.99. • YOU CAN SEE THE G21 DEAL HERE The final Nokia deal comes to anyone who fancies a new tablet. The firm's T20 device has been dropped from £179.99 down to just £124.99 - that's a £54 saving. This gadget gets a 10.3-inch screen, massive 8200mAh battery and stereo speakers. Like all of the other Nokia devices, this tablet also gets two years of OS upgrades and three years of security updates. • YOU CAN SEE THE T20 TABLET DEAL HERE Of course, Amazon Prime Day is not just about Nokia with Amazon also slashing prices across a swathe of products. From now until July 13 there are deals on devices including the Fire TV Stick for £12.99. There's also 50 percent off Samsung TVs, huge reductions on Shark vacuum cleaners and even savings across a range of Apple devices including the Apple Watch. We've rounded up some of the biggest discounts and you'll find all of the best Amazon Prime Day deals here. “Our Prime members across the UK will find the widest selection and best deals yet this Prime Day,” said John Boumphrey, UK Country Manager of Amazon. “From thousands of local British small businesses our members love, to the national brands and popular products they trust, Prime Day will help people save money, have fun, and also shop small. But that’s not all – don’t forget, Amazon donates to the charity of each customers’ choice when they shop with AmazonSmile.” READ MORE