Citric acid is a compound originally derived from lemon juice and it is produced and used in a variety of applications including powder. While it is effective at cleaning limescale and removing soap scum and rust, it also has “corrosive properties” which can cause damage to certain surfaces. Matthew Harrison, a cleaning expert at PriceYourJob, explained: “Citric acid is a remarkable ingredient for those looking to make the switch to all-natural cleaning methods. “It makes a great, non-toxic alternative to bleach, working superbly to remove limescale, de-grease, whiten and disinfect.” When combined with bicarbonate of soda and water, Matthew said it becomes an all-natural “superhero” of the cleaning world. He added: “However, when citric acid, a compound originally derived from lemon juice, comes into contact with certain surfaces, it can cause deterioration and damage. READ MORE: Best time to water plants - ‘remember the basics’ “Due to its corrosive properties, you should steer clear of using citric acid on natural stone and marble surfaces. “The enzymes in citric acid will break down the delicate surface layer of these materials, corroding slowly over time. “It’s also important to avoid using citric acid to clean your wooden flooring, furniture, or any surfaces protected by wax or sealer.” Citric acid also shouldn’t be used on wood surfaces. DON'T MISS:‘Useful’ methods to ‘deter’ cats and foxes from plants [COMMENT]How to save your lawn without watering: 6 steps to ‘promote growth’ [INSIGHT]Watering plants at certain time won’t benefit them [EXPLAINER] According to the expert, the acid can be “detrimental”. It can cause the protective layer to break down. Matthew added: “This can result in a cloudy appearance.” Citric acid can also leave the surface susceptible to further damage. READ MORE: How to make DIY air con unit to keep your home cool this heatwave “Another surprising surface to avoid when it comes to citric acid is electronic screens. “Electronic screens have a protective layer to prevent smudging and scratches. “Citric acid can remove this layer, leaving your phone, TV, computer or laptop screen susceptible to abrasion from the elements.” When cleaning these surfaces, the cleaning expert recommended going with something a lot gentler. This included using castile soap along with water and a microfibre cloth. Citric acid can be purchased from stores such as Home Bargains and B&M for around £2. It is recommended for use in washing machines, dishwashers, kettles and irons. It can also descale shower heads, coffee machines, baby bottle sterilisers and other appliances.