Future king George "tends to look at the Queen with smiles of genuine affection", according to body language expert Judi James. The expert analysed the interactions between the third-in-line to the throne and Her Majesty, focusing in particular on those witnessed by the public during the long Platinum Jubilee bank holiday weekend. During those four days of celebrations for the Queen's historic reign and milestones, Prince George and the Queen shared the balcony of Buckingham Palace twice - first to watch the RAF flypast and again to mark the end of the special weekend. But Prince George also demonstrated loving emotions for his grandmother during the Party at the Palace concert - when the 96-year-old appeared on the screens for a skit with Paddington Bear. Analysing the bond between the Queen and the eight-year-old, Ms James told Express.co.uk: "He showed his awe and delight at being with his great-grandmother the Queen. "Few grannies could have nailed the respect of their grandchildren and great-grandchildren as effectively as she did with the Paddington video." The eldest son of William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, was caught on camera looking delighted when the clip was shown at the beginning of the concert. Prince George, Ms James also suggested, is mirroring his father Prince William in the way he shows his affection for the sovereign. She said: "George tends to look at the Queen with smiles of genuine affection and is already showing similar signals of polite, attentive affection as his father does when he is around the Queen." On June 5, when the Queen was joined on the balcony of her London residence only by her direct heirs to the throne and their closest relatives to showcase the future of the monarchy, Prince George was caught smiling widely at his great-grandmother. READ MORE: Kate and William almost gave Prince George a different first name While George is reportedly being brought up by his parents in the same way as his siblings Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis, the third-in-line has spent more time with the Queen, his grandfather Prince Charles and Prince William to sit for portraits or engage in activities highlighting the line of succession to the throne over the years. In December 2019, William and George arrived at Buckingham Palace in a separate car from Kate, Louis and Charlotte as the two heirs to the throne had to bake special Christmas puddings with the Queen and the Prince of Wales. The adorable video taken during the baking session showed the monarch, Charles and William helping young George prepare the treat. The four generations of royals joined forces to support the Royal British Legion initiative ‘Together at Christmas’, which aimed at providing extra support to the Armed Forces community during their annual get-togethers over the winter holidays. Prince George was born on July 22, 2013 at St Mary's Hospital in London. Following the tradition started by Princess Diana and Prince Charles, Kate and William stepped out of the Lindon Wing to introduce their son and heir to the world. Much like the Duke of Cambridge, Prince George was introduced to royal trips at a very young age, as he travelled to Australia with his parents for a tour in 2014. Despite him being destined to play a prominent role within the Firm and the country, Kate and William are reportedly trying to give their firstborn - as well as Charlotte and Louis - a childhood as normal as possible. Nevertheless, the children, and George in particular, are being slowly but surely introduced to royal duties. George and Charlotte carried out their first walkabout on Christmas Day 2019, meeting royal well-wishers outside of St Mary Magdalene Church in Norfolk after attending the traditional service. One year later, the family-of-five walked down the red carpet at the London Palladium to attend together a special panto performance dedicated to frontline workers. Prince George and his sister were paired again to mark another first on June 4, when they carried out their first-ever official visit to Wales. Over the past 12 months, Prince George has joined his parents on several public occasions. Most of the engagements he carried out were linked to his interest in sports and included two EURO 2020 matches at Wembley Stadium in July last year, a Six Nations match in February and the men's singles final at Wimbledon earlier this month. Nevertheless, the third-in-line showed he is becoming more and more ingratiated with the royal ways of attending events, wearing formal suits and ties and learning how to greet and chat with his hosts.