Britons have fumed after reports of new requirements for UK tourists, such as giving evidence of a return flight, proof of accommodation and proof of spending money while in the country. UK tourists travelling to the popular holiday destination may face having to provide evidence they have £85 (100 euros) to spend per day of their stay. In response to the new rules, TV personality Gillian McKeith said "there must be better places to go" than Spain. The move has sparked criticism from a number of Britons including nutritionist Ms McKeith. She wrote on Twitter: "Spain is not worth the hassle.  "There must be better places to go...Brits must prove they can spend £85 a day to enter Spain. "And you need an onward ticket and accommodation booked for your stay.." Some agreed with her comments, with one writing: "Plenty of better countries to visit, just got back from Croatia. Much better than Spain." One simply wrote "Bye Spain". However, others were quick to point out that the UK has very similar requirements for EU travellers entering the country. READ MORE: Tory leadership LIVE: Martin Lewis unleashes FURY at Sunak, Truss A Since Brexit, the UK is now considered a third country meaning tourists no longer have freedom of movement across the EU. Travel advice for Spain from the UK Foreign Office states: "At Spanish border control, you may need to show a return or onward ticket; show you have enough money for your stay; show proof of accommodation for your stay, for example, a hotel booking confirmation, proof of address if visiting your own property (eg second home), or an invitation from your host or proof of their address if staying with a third party, friends or family. "The Spanish government has clarified that the ‘carta de invitation’ is one of the options available to prove that you have accommodation if staying with friends or family.” Britons will now be required to have a minimum of £85 (€100) to spend on each day of their holiday and they may also have to prove that they have living funds beyond this, of £767 (€900).  Meanwhile, UK holidaymakers must also prove their COVID-19 status before entering Spain. The new rules come alongside other requirements on passports, insurance and visas. UK passports must have been issued less than 10 years before entering a country and must be valid for at least three months after planning to leave. Another requirement for travellers visiting friends or family in Spain must also prove they have "an invitation from your host or proof of their address if staying with a third party". 