Prince Harry and Meghan Markle, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, chose to step down from their roles as senior working royals two years ago and relocate to the US to become financially independent from the Firm and pursue other projects. Yet royal author Tom Quinn has suggested that the couple may consider rejoining the Royal Family in the future. He told the To Di For Daily podcast earlier this year that Meghan and Harry could seek to become part-time royals. READ MORE: Prince Harry 'made feelings clear' on US politics as he backs Meghan's campaign path He said: “One interesting thing an insider told me… is that both Meghan and Harry believe that when the elder royals die – in other words, Elizabeth – they may well be able when Charles is King, be able to come back and be the part-time royals that they really wanted to be. “So that they would be six months [as] working royals and six months in the States or wherever doing their own thing.” When Meghan and Harry announced their decision to leave the Royal Family in 2020 the couple said they hoped to carve out more “progressive roles” in the Firm by representing the Monarchy alongside pursuing commercial interests. In response, Express.co.uk ran a poll asking readers whether the Sussexes should seek to become part-time royals. In a poll that ran from midday on Thursday, July 21 to 1pm on Saturday, July 23, Express.co.uk asked readers: “Should Meghan and Harry return as ‘six-month part-time royals’?” Overall, 13,082 readers responded with the dominant response, winning by a landslide of 98 percent (12,780 people), being “no” they should not return as part-time royals. Meanwhile, two percent (253 people) said “yes” they should, and a further 49 people said they did not know either way. Hundreds of readers shared their thoughts on Meghan and Harry’s place in the Royal Family in the comments below the accompanying article. Most were against the idea of Meghan and Harry being part-time royals, with one reader, username My thoughts, writing: “Absolutely not, under no circumstances.” Username scorpio18 said: “In no way shape or form are they wanted back here in Britain.” And username standup1 said: “No, they made their choice to leave and so be it.” The Queen rejected the couple’s “half in, half out” approach at the time but some have suggested Charles may be more accepting of their progressive concepts. The couple currently resides in Montecito, California, where they are raising their two children, three-year-old Archie and one-year-old Lilibet. Mr Quinn told host Kinsey Schofield: “I don’t think Harry and Meghan really want to spend their whole time in the States and not be part of the Royal Family, they just don’t want to do it all the time.” He added: “I don’t think Harry does want to destroy the Royal Family. I think he just really does want to find a role.” DON'T MISS: Harry's UN speech 'was an audition' for next big-money role [LATEST]Royal Family LIVE: Meghan and Harry’s plot for ‘woke’ monarchy [LIVE BLOG]Harry and Meghan 'highly unlikely' to attend William's US event [REPORT] However, some readers argued that the Royal Family managed without the Sussexes. Username JanetWCQ1958 said: “NO, NO, NO! We do not want or need those two back in any capacity ever again.” Username otbc1902 said: “The Royal Family have managed well without them.” Royal author Tina Brown said on the Royally Obsessed podcast in May that Charles may want Meghan and Harry back in the royal fold when he is King due to their “young appeal”. The author of The Palace Papers: Inside the House of Windsor, the Truth and the Turmoil said: “My guess is Charles is really going to want them back — sort of need them back actually — because Harry and Meghan were huge assets to the whole royal repertoire quite frankly.” She added that the couple "had a young appeal that was very, very potent in the country.”