In a Conservative Home poll published on Monday evening, Penny Mordaunt came first (20 percent) and Kemi Badenoch a close second (19 percent) with Rishi Sunak a distant third (12 percent). Both women are plain-speaking Brexiteers and want government to get off people’s backs. Tory voters like a fearless battler. Lady Thatcher confronted striking unions in the 1980s and Boris beat the Establishment to win Brexit in 2016. Part of being a good leader is identifying foes and taking the battle to them. Equalities minister Kemi Badenoch has played a blinder in the culture wars, besting the victim-orientated policies of the Left. She dismissed their claims that Britain is systemically racist. Brought up partly in Nigeria, she batted back opposition criticism in the House of Commons by saying: “This is one of the best countries in the world to be a black person.” While Labour MPs echoed Black Lives Matters slogans, Badenoch said: “I’m not going to take any lessons on race and what I should be doing on that. I think this government has a record to be proud of.” One of her most prominent supporters, Michael Gove, says “As a Tory leader, she would be Sir Keir Starmer’s worst nightmare.” In contrast, Penny Mordaunt has come a cropper in the war against wokery by saying “trans women are women”. She meant the statement legally not biologically but it still appeared as a misstep in the hotly contested debate. Under Boris Johnson, our government has expanded enormously and our tax burden is at a 70-year high. Almost all Tory leadership candidates are pledging immediate tax cuts. Former chancellor Rishi Sunak is taking a more measured approach, taking heed of former party leader William Hague who stated: “From Pitt to Thatcher, to the re-election of Cameron and Osborne in 2015, the nation has rewarded honesty and rigour in handling its finances.” If the Conservatives are to regain their reputation for good management of the economy, reckless tax cuts, adding to our national debt, will not impress voters, but there is an appetite too for some immediate help with our cost-of-living crisis by targeting tax cuts to fuel duty and with VAT and green subsidies removed from our energy bills. These measures would help dent the spiral of prices. There is a desperate need also to demonstrate some Brexit benefit and a cut to corporation tax would help make Britain a more attractive place for business and foreign investment. Economic growth is the only way out of our current problems and putting us on the road to becoming a Singapore-on-the-North-Sea would send out a strong global message that we are a competitive nation. Removing the costly shackles of net-zero would also help us become an energy-independent country able to supply our European neighbours with reasonably priced oil and gas. Party leader contender Attorney General Suella Braverman told the Daily Express last weekend: “In order to deal with the energy crisis we need to suspend the all-consuming desire to achieve net-zero by 2050.” If Margaret Thatcher is the leadership model for many Tory voters then it is worth paying attention to her family back story as a “grocer’s daughter” who forced her way into the snobby upper echelons of the Tory party became a defining part of her strong character. State-school-educated Penny Mordaunt has had a challenging background, forced to look after her siblings in her teens when her mother died of cancer and her father, a former paratrooper, became ill. She is a Royal Naval Reservist, being made an honorary captain last year. Kemi Badenoch came alone to the UK as a teenager, escaping political and economic chaos, and thrived in her new homeland, working at McDonald’s while studying part-time for her A-levels: “It’s the opportunity I’ve enjoyed as a girl from Nigeria who came here as a 16-year-old and grew to love the United Kingdom.” Both women made it to the House of Commons despite many hurdles. Rishi Sunak, married to the daughter of a billionaire, seems removed from everyday troubles, having studied PPE at Oxford, working as a banker at Goldman Sachs before becoming an MP. Struggle is what defines you and gives you the toughness to do what is right for our country. Let’s hope that our next Prime Minister embodies that virtue.