The petition, submitted on July 8, 2022, called for "an urgent investigation into the whole process of forcing PM into resignation, with a view to a decision reversal." It added: "Bring back Boris Johnson as the UK Prime Minister. He was unfairly forced out of his role and he needs to complete his mandate for the good of the UK and Brexit. "Urgent reversal of PM removal and to ensure he stays in his role until replacement PM elected if retention of Boris Johnson not achieved." However, the UK Government rejected the petition on the grounds that it is "about honours or appointments." In its explanation, it continued: "We can't accept petitions about appointments. This includes calling for a specific Minister to be given a, or removed from their, job. "You could have a petition calling for a Prime Minister only to be removed from office subject to a public vote, if that is something you'd like to see happen. We only reject petitions that don’t meet the petition standards." There were further calls for Boris Johnson to remain in his post as Prime Minister earlier this week when more than 2,000 Tory members wrote to the party's chairman to demand that Boris Johnson be included as an option on the leadership ballot. The members wrote to express their support for a petition organised by Lord Cruddas, a Tory donor, and former Conservative MEP David Campbell-Bannerman. It proposes that Mr Johnson be added as a third option on the final ballot to ensure that the winner has "integrity" and "the backing of the membership". Lord Cruddas noted that the Prime Minister was the party membership's choice of leader in 2019, but has now been "constructively removed by the Parliamentary Party" without a vote from members. SHOULD BORIS BE ALLOWED TO RETURN? JOIN THE EXPRESS READER DEBATE IN OUR COMMENTS SECTION.  Speaking to the Telegraph, Lord Cruddas said: "The membership wants the option of voting for Boris on the final ballot. "We think it is only fair because Boris was the members' choice back in 2019 and he has been constructively removed by the Parliamentary Party without referral to the membership. "By adding Boris to the final ballot to make it a three-horse race means that the winner will have the backing of the membership. "There will be no ambiguity around the result and the final choice of leader will have integrity." DON'T MISS: Angry Tory members DEMAND vote on Boris Johnson being reinstated as PM [REPORT] Tory leadership LIVE: Truss handed simple way to 'win next election' [LIVE] Have your say: Do you think Boris should come back as PM? [POLL] Earlier this week, Mr Johnson's Government survived a confidence vote by 349 votes to 238, despite the Prime Minister announcing his resignation earlier this month. Boris Johnson resigned earlier this month following a wave of resignations from his Government and a revolt from his own cabinet, leaving him unable to govern. The chaos began after Chancellor Rishi Sunak and Health Secretary Sajid Javid announced their resignations. Mr Johnson will stay in his post until Autumn when the new leader is decided. Rishi Sunak and Liz Truss have been selected as the final two candidates for the leadership ballot.