In a spine-chilling video, Russian State TV host Olga Skabeeva gloated over the Russian forces' strike on a residential building where Ukrainian civilians were targeted in the city of Vinnytsia, according to Russian forces. A boasting presenter took relish in finding out that Ukrainian forces and foreign arms suppliers were also struck and "eliminated" in the missile strike amid Vladimir Putin's invasion of Ukraine. While presenting her programme on Russian state TV Russia1, Ms Skabeeva boasted: "Today, Russia’s Defence Ministry reported the details of the calibration of the garrison of the House of Officers in Vinnytsia. "Which the Kyiv regime tried to sell as a strike on civilians. "It turns out at the moment of the strike a meeting was taking place at the House of Officers where top officials from Ukraine’s Air Force were meeting with foreign arms suppliers to discuss delivery of planes and munitions to Ukraine’s Air Force. "All participants in the meeting were eliminated." The cruel attack perpetrated by Russian forces in Vinnytsia, which is south-west of then capital Kyiv, on Friday reportedly injured more than 100 people and killed at least 23 people, including three children. Three Russian missiles honed in on an office block and damages residential buildings. The car park of the nine-storey office block was hit by the missiles. Reacting to the attack, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky said it was "an open act of terrorism." "Every day, Russia kills civilians, kills Ukrainian children, carries out missile attacks on the civilian facilities where there is no military target. What is this, if not an open act of terrorism?" Mr Zelensky said in a statement. READ MORE: British fighter in Ukraine filmed singing Russian anthem after capture The attack comes as Russian forces are redoubling their effort to invade parts of the Kyiv capital in a second attempt after they failed to conquer it in the first phase of the war. While Russian troops appeared to be concentrating their efforts on the Donbas region and its two Russian-backed separatist provinces – Donetsk and Luhansk, they are also now gaining ground in the Ukrainian capital Kyiv. In another dangerous sign for Ukraine, Russian activity signals that "undoubtedly, preparations for the next stage of offensive actions are underway", Vadym Skibitsky, a representative of the intelligence directorate at Ukraine’s defence ministry warned. Ukrainian forces have also made gains in the southeastern part of the country, with "confident" advances towards Kherson, a Ukrainian military spokesperson said. DON'T MISS:‘High risk for Putin too’ Kremlin’s gas war on Europe to backfire [REPORT]Vladimir Putin blow as Russians suffer technology shortfall [ANALYSIS]Russia sparked WW3 as West 'biding their time' for on-the-ground fight [REPORT] In a bid to reinvigorate Ukrainian troops, President Zelensky said in a statement on Saturday: "No Russian missiles or artillery can break our unity." In an address on the anniversary of the Declaration of State Sovereignty of Ukraine, he added: "It should be equally obvious that it cannot be broken with lies or intimidation, fakes or conspiracy theories." A day after the attack on Vinnytsia, the region’s governor said 68 people are currently hospitalised, with 14 of them in serious condition. READ NEXT:Putin's crony orders Russian 'shock and awe' operation in UkraineVladimir Putin 'faces Kremlin deadline' to announce 'victory'Could Russia take back Alaska? Inside Russia's threat to the WestEU fury as VDL hands Germany £4.3bn lifeline despite Putin reliance Putin critic reveals how NATO can force Russia into peace talks