Mercedes test driver Anthony Davidson has called for the FIA to look at the safety of F1’s roll hoops after Zhou Guanyu's terrifying crash at the British Grand Prix. Davidson said the roll hoop “really didn’t do its job” and said the FIA would likely be “asking questions”. He added F1 roll hoops should be “as strong as the halo” to ensure they can protect drivers' heads at all times. Speaking to Sky Sports News, he said: “The main thing I think the FIA will look into are the scary images I’ve seen of the car from the aftermath of the crash where the actual roll hoop seems to be missing. “That really didn’t do its job if you think about that. The roll hoop should be as strong as the halo, stay intact at all times and protect that driver’s head from impact, and it didn’t do it. So they will be asking questions with that.” Zhou’s car rolled after a terrifying impact with George Russell's Mercedes before catapulting into the fence. The Alfa Romeo hit a bump in the gravel trap which launched him over the tyre barrier and into a fence that was protecting spectators. READ MORE: F1 fan footage shows how close Zhou Guanyu came to hitting spectators After impact, Zhou’s Alfa Romeo slotted into a gap between the fence and the tyre barrier, effectively trapping the Chinese star. Sky Sports Craig Slater raised concerns over the gap and asked Davidson whether it could also be looked at. He added: “I haven’t spoken to the FIA yet but I will when I get the chance of course. I guess it’s an access path for marshals. But why is it that size, there must be protocols that goes into place for a Grade 1 FIA safety circuit. Why does that exist, why is it the way it is. “I’m sure they have their reasons but unfortunate that the car could actually slot into that gap.” DON'T MISSMercedes admit their 'risk' contributed to George Russell horror crash [COMMENT]George Russell hits out at FIA rule as Mercedes launch appeal  [ANALYSIS]F1 star Alex Albon airlifted to hospital after nasty British GP crash [INSIGHT] Despite the criticism over the car's roll hope, Zhou praised F1’s halo divide for “saving” him after the high-speed shunt. He said: “It was a big crash and I’m glad I’m okay. The marshals and the medical team at the track were fantastic with their quick response. “I also owe my thanks to the FIA and Formula 1 for all the work they have done, and they keep doing, to improve the safety of our cars. The Halo saved me today and it goes to show that every step we take in improving our cars has real, valuable results.”