It came as the BBC Breakfast presenters had been watching some rare birds caught on film in Norfolk. As they enjoyed the live footage, Charlie Stayt asked if the cameras could move close to the bee-eaters, and Naga Munchetty began to lecture him about being grateful, arguing: "It's never enough for you!" Charlie stared into the camera and rolled his eyes as his colleague went on to read out some facts and he demanded the camera to cut back to the birds to stop her from talking. As the camera showed BBC viewers three of the rare birds on a tree, Charlie asked: "Is our camera able to zoom in at all? "Are we in any kind of contact with them?" "You know what, just be grateful we got all three," Naga scolded. "Seriously, it's never enough for you, is it? Never enough." She began to read about how ancient Egyptians viewed the unique birds and Charlie rolled his eyes. READ MORE: Stranger Things season 4 volume 2 release time: What time is it out? It came following a BBC Breakfast segment when Charlie commented: "So very quickly - let's take this picture now!" The camera cut to the birds as he explained: "Because we were literally having the discussion about, 'What if they fly off just before our cameras cut to them?' but there they are. "So, these are the bee-eaters, they're rather beautiful as you can see, and very rare in the UK." "Well they don't look like they belong in the UK, do they?" Naga pointed out.  Charlie continued: "Absolutely amazing. We're in north Norfolk and bird watchers are in for such a treat, because they've turned up, the word is out! "People are flocking, if I dare to use that term, to see them because they're so rare here in the UK." He added: "We reckon they will possibly be here for just a matter of a few weeks, and there they are, just sort of cleaning themselves up in all their glory." Naga remarked: "So they are working, the people there are working. There's part of a breeding attempt to get more. DON'T MISS... Naga Munchetty put on the spot by BBC Breakfast co-star 'Can't do it!' [LATEST]Simon McCoy gives view on Meghan inquiry 'Queen doesn't want pressure [VIDEO]Coronation Street theory: Audrey Roberts dies at hands of relative [THEORY] "There have been some breeding records in the last 20 years and you know, the sad side to this is that many species are coming, moving further north from the Mediterranean - I do love watching them clean themselves - because of climate change. "So increased temperatures mean other bird breeds are also moving here, so we can enjoy the beauty of them, but there's a reason behind it." After Charlie asked the camera to zoom in and Naga gave him a telling-off, she began to read some facts. "Do you know, the ancient Egyptians - here's a little fact for you about those bee-eaters - believe that bee-eaters had medical properties," she began. Charlie appeared to mock his co-star as he looked bored and once again stared at the camera. Naga continued: "[They] prescribed the application of bee-eater fat to deter biting flies. So you know have we have roll on sprays and all that? They'd use the fat off them." Charlie remained distracted as Naga continued: "And also they treat the eyes with the smoke from charred... charred bee-eater legs, I wish I hadn't gone down this road..." "No," Charlie replied bluntly. "Shall we go back to the picture?" "No, no, no, because you've got to finish it!" Naga insisted as the cameras cut back to the birds. "There we are, that's better," Charlie quipped as Naga read: "The ancient Egyptians took these beautiful creatures and to treat the eyes with charred bee-eater legs to cure an unspecified female complaint. Hmm." "It's always good to have nice pictures isn't it?" Charlie said sarcastically. "That's all I'll say." BBC Breakfast airs weekdays from 6am on BBC One.