Customers who have criticised the self-checkouts claim they have made the shopping experience "overwhelming" and a "nightmare". The petition, started by Pat McCarthy, gained momentum this morning, with #BringBackTescoStaff trending on Twitter. The 69-year-old's petition has racked up an incredible 217,000 signatures at the time of writing, reports MyLondon. Pat, from west London, wrote: "What used to be a great shopping experience has now become physically difficulty, overwhelming, and a 'nightmare'. "At my local Tesco mega-store, and probably all over the country, Tesco is bringing in new self-service and sort-it-out-yourself card only till machines."  The petition claims these tills are not accessible for people who don't have credit cards - as many are cashless - or have little confidence using the technology, as well as older people or people with disabilities. "I love chatting with the staff, albeit briefly, especially as l live on my own. Talking with human staff is important to me," Pat said. Another claim included in the petition is that using the self-service tills is a "physically taxing process". "I want Ken Murphy, the chief executive officer of Tesco, to bring back more staffed tills and check-outs," she wrote. Many tweeted their support for the petition, with one person writing: "I've stopped using Tesco's because of the lack of staff to take my cash." Another added: "The auto tills are annoying and stores are losing their souls Tesco." Not everyone agreed though. One person tweeted: "Do people not realise that the type of employment changes over time in line with demand/technology changes. This has always been the case." Another added: "Self scan is the best invention in grocery shopping. The staff are still there, out in the store picking shelves for [people] who have home deliveries." In response, Tesco previously said: "Our colleagues and the friendly service they provide are absolutely vital to our stores and will always be on hand to help our customers, whether they are checking out at one of our colleague-operated or self-service checkouts. "We first introduced self-service checkouts nearly 20 years ago to give our customers a choice and our stores have both types of checkout."