Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall has been a member of the Royal Family for almost two decades, having married her long-term partner Prince Charles in 2005. Many were not in favour of Charles and Camilla's union at the time due to the turbulence of Charles' relationship with his late ex-wife Diana, Princess of Wales. But over the years Camilla has become a firm royal favourite, and she regularly fills in for the Queen with royal duties.  Camilla turns 75 today (June 17) and she has marked the milestone by guest-editing Country Life magazine. The Duchess was photographed by her step-daughter-in-law Kate, Duchess of Cambridge at her private residence of Ray Mill House in Wiltshire for the issue. In celebration of Camilla's birthday, the documentary 'Camilla's Country Life' will also be screened on Wednesday at 9pm on ITV and ITV Hub.  READ MORE: Meghan Markle ‘waited on hand and foot’ in upscale restaurants While Charles and Camilla have only been married for 17 years, the pair met several decades ago before either had married their first spouses. Camilla was thought to have first met Charles at a polo match in the early 1970s when she was 24 and he was 22. According to reports, Camilla opened with: "My great-grandmother was the mistress of your great-great-grandfather. I feel we have something in common.”  Camilla's great-grandmother was Alice Keppel, who was beloved by King Edward VII.   Charles and Camilla dated for a while, but the relationship fizzled out and Camilla subsequently married Andrew Parker Bowles in 1973. The pair share two children, Tom and Laura, and they divorced in 1995. Charles married Lady Diana Spencer in 1981, but rumours of Charles' rekindled relationship with Camilla Parker Bowles dominated the newspaper headlines in the 1990s. Charles and Princess Diana separated in 1992 and divorced in 1996, and they shared two children, Prince William and Prince Harry. Diana died in a car crash in Paris in 1997, and her death prompted a global outpouring of grief. Then prime minister Tony Blair famously referred to her as the 'People's Princess'.  DON'T MISS:Camilla suffering brutal Gen Z backlash as brutal Tik Toks created [INSIGHT]Camilla looks radiant in green floral dress and 'unique' accessory [PICTURES]Camilla to wear Queen Mother's Crown bedecked with over 2,000 diamonds [PICTURES] On the eve of her accession anniversary this year, the Queen declared her "sincere wish" that Camilla be known as Queen Consort when Prince Charles is King. Since they married, the Palace had maintained Camilla would be known as Princess Consort out of respect to those who disagreed with the royal marriage. A statement released around the time of the couple's wedding read: "Mrs Parker Bowles will use the title HRH The Duchess of Cornwall after marriage.  "It is intended that Mrs Parker Bowles should use the title HRH The Princess Consort when The Prince of Wales accedes to The Throne." But now the Queen has confirmed Camilla's future title, she will likely be the oldest Queen Consort at the time of accession in British history. Since the creation of the Kingdom of Great Britain in 1707, there have been 10 consorts and the oldest at the time of accession was Queen Alexandra, who was 56. Camilla has already surpassed Alexandra's accession age by nearly two decades. 