Lawrence is best known for playing Mackenzie Boyd on Emmerdale, the younger brother of Moira Barton (played by Natalie J Robb) and the partner of Charity Dingle (Emma Atkins). Although the character arrived in the autumn of 2020 as somewhat of a villain, he has mellowed over the past two years to become someone who is ready to take on the responsibilities of being a father. Away from the ITV soap, life is very different for the actor and it seems he celebrated a milestone birthday last year. According to the world of Emmerdale, Lawrence's character is edging ever closer to the mid to late 30s but it seems he is a but younger than his alter-ego. Having been born in 1991, the soap star is actually 30 years old and marked the landmark occasion last autumn with his friends and family. No exact date has been given as to when the actor celebrates his birthday and he doesn't tend to post about how he does on his social media platforms. This means when he joined the cast of the weeknight serial drama back in 2020, he was 28 years old, which is somewhat older than his co-stars. Over the years, many members of the current cast joined the show when they were in their early to mid 20s but they maintain their youthful glows. READ MORE: ‘Floundering’ Harry’s US ambitions savaged by Sharon Osbourne The soap star was born and raised in Glasgow and for most of his childhood, he grew up in the town of Kilmacolm, which is 45 minutes away from the Scottish capital. Lawrence trained in musical theatre before landing his first role on television in the drama series I Hate Suzie, alongside Billie Piper. This aired in the summer of 2020 and therefore, Lawrence might have already been known to some viewers of Emmerdale by this point. However, acting wasn't the route he was originally going to go down once he had been graduated from his musical theatre class. In fact, the soap star wanted to become a professional singer before his two breakout roles came for shows on television. Speaking in an interview with OK! Magazine, he explained: "I guess originally I wanted to maybe go down the route of being a singer. I studied musical theatre and I’ve trained to some extent vocally.” “Music as a whole would be a massive inspiration for me. Up until this point, I’ve taken each job as it comes. If it’s been musical theatre, or it’s been acting, or it’s been television, I’ve gone down that road." This isn't the only thing Lawrence wanted to do growing up either as it seemed he wanted to take to the skies at one point. Posting in view of his 28,200 followers on Instagram, the actor explained how being a pilot fascinated him as a child. The actor captioned an image of him standing next to a helicopter, stating: "Pilot mode - activated." DON'T MISS...Reece Dinsdale weight loss: ITV star ditched one food to shed weight [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Laura Norton on 'unexpected' romance with former co-star [COMMENT]'My love!' Emmerdale's Isabel Hodgins at brunch with co-star [PICTURES] Lawrence continued "I lived a childhood dream last week. Ever since I could remember I dreamt of both being able to be in a helicopter and being able to fly one. "Last Saturday I did both. And it was ‘ACE’. Thank you to @joannethomson22 @adventure_001_ @helicentrenl @virginexperiencedays for making it a reality," he continued. However, he remains as Mackenzie on Emmerdale and it seems the character's popularity if growing day by day as he and Charity become even closer. Speaking of the characters' relationship, the actor said: "I don’t think anyone really knows what’s going on between Charity and Mackenzie! "This includes them, their relationship is so deliciously volatile, that it could turn on a dime at any minute. But you know what they say – opposites attract." "Emma has been fantastic, she always brings her A-game, and could be one of the least egotistical actors I’ve ever worked with," he added. "We bounce off of each other very well, constantly telling each other how we could try the scene differently, which in turn makes shooting with her a total blast," he told Metro.co.uk. It seems he and Charity are going to face a dilemma going forward as he recently discovered his girlfriend was pregnant. Although she was ready to go through with a termination, he was thinking about becoming a father and the future seemed bright to him. However, it will be a case of seeing whether he can change his girlfriend's mind so they can become a proper family in the village. Taking to Twitter, viewers have been sharing their thoughts on Lawrence's character becoming a father to Charity's fifth child. Charlotte wrote: "I hope Charity tells Mackenzie the truth, I actually think Mackenzie would make a good dad given half the chance #Emmerdale." TheRealDeclanKincaid posted on the social media platform: "I feel for Mackenzie I think he would be a good dad #Emmerdale." Amelia added: "This could be the end of Charity and Mackenzie, I think he will want the baby and she doesn’t. #Emmerdale." "Wow, that's a twist. Charity's pregnant for Mackenzie, didn't see that coming. #Emmerdale," Jamal commented. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.