For many MPs the leadership contest is now Ms Mordaunt’s to lose after taking 67 votes from MPs coming only second to former Chancellor Rishi Sunak who himself is in more trouble than his supporters care to admit. But the biggest victim of the rightwing of the party’s failure to unite behind a single candidate was Ms Truss who is in danger of crashing out of the competition unless she can strike a deal with her two hard Brexiteer rivals. The bad news for the Foreign Secretary started at 9am this morning when the European Research Group of Brexiteer Tory MPs met to decide who, if anybody, they would back. While the Attorney General Suellla Braverman had fought a valiant and high profile campaign touching many of the sweet spots for the Tory right, it was obvious the 2016 Remainer Ms Truss turned “Brexit superwoman” was the best hope to unite around. Yet she failed to convince the ERG who split between the two women having interviewed all the candidates for an hour each before. Given her experience as International Trade Secretary and Foreign Secretary this in its own small way was quite damning. In truth the campaign had been too flat, too controlled and too arrogant. There was an assumption she would get to the last two now she has to fight for her political life. One MP, a potential supporter, said how he had been trying to arrange a meeting for months. He said: “She was never able to make time for me, I think that was the same for other colleagues. “Not a way to win hearts and minds.” To be in the running and have momentum needed to get into the final two when members vote, Ms Truss needed to be at least within a few votes of Ms Mordaunt but she was 17 behind. In fact the trade minister and former magician’s assistant is now favourite to go into the final with the most MPs, such is the momentum she got from round one. Meanwhile, hovering in the background is the Brexiteer candidate with the star dust, Kemi Badenoch who polled more than expected with 40 just 10 behind Liz Truss. The question will be who can woo Ms Braverman? If she chooses Badenoch then it is over for Ms Truss and the surprise package of the competition, a non-cabinet minister for communities, will find herself in the hot pursuit for a spot in the last two. Then all bets are off. READ MORE: Tory leadership race down to SIX as Hunt & Zahawi humiliatingly axed But if Ms Truss picks up the phone tonight and can strike a deal with the Attorney General then her campaign is off and running again. In truth, Ms Braverman, even though she only just passed the threshold of 32 is now in a very powerful position. A senior member of the ERG briefed me after the vote that he now expects the deal to take place. He said: “In most leadership contests when a candidate quits their supporters do not necessarily follow them and they splinter in different directions. “That will not be the case with Suella [Braverman]. Most of her support comes from the ERG and it was very clear in our meeting that we only backed two of the candidates.” The veteran MP went on: “It is unlikely Suella will do a deal with Kemi [Badenoch] because Kemi has basically killed her campaign and taken a lot of her votes on the right. There’s a bit of bad blood there. “But if she goes behind Liz [Truss] she brings 32 votes and a powerful grouping.  DON'T MISS Rishi Sunak is the British public's choice for PM - POLL [REVEAL] Only Rishi can beat Labour in leave voting seats like mine JACOB YOUNG [INSIGHT] What do YOU want to see from Tory leadership hopefuls on Brexit? [REACT] “Then we are potentially talking about a different run off than everybody expected. “Not Rishi [Sunak] versus Liz or Penny but Liz versus Penny.” The logic of this claim is that Mr Sunak’s 88 while putting him top was far below what was expected. There had been a briefing going out that in the final reckoning when it went to two candidates for the members to select, he would get more than 200. That looks ludicrous now and there is a chance that Ms Mordaunt could now pass him with MPs support and Ms Truss with the backing of the right from Ms Braverman and Ms Badenoch’s supporters could still pass him too. Tory leadership contests are rarely predictable. But if Ms Truss is to turn things around, she needs to be on the phone tonight with Ms Braverman making a deal. This will involve a tougher line on the EU, particularly the Northern Ireland Protocol, leaving the jurisdiction of the European Court of Human Rights and probably a Home Secretary job offer. All these things can be stomached by Ms Truss and in the end would help her win anyway.