Spain is an extremely popular destination among British tourists in search of sun, sea and sangria. And where better to visit in Spain than beautiful Barcelona? Two Barcelona hotel general managers spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about their top recommendations for a Barca break. Maria Jose Valera, General Manager at NH Collection Barcelona Podium suggested a tourist attraction that is often forgotten about. This is the Estrella Damm Old Brewery. She said: "The Estrella Damm Old Brewery is often overlooked by tourists. "The company launched guided tours of this fascinating facility in 2021, to tell the 140-year story of Barcelona's local beer. READ MORE: 'How to get free drinks and upgrades': Flight attendant shares tricks "Visits include the brewer's own historical archive, and the warehouses, scales room and the original kettles where the beer was boiled." Beer lovers and connoisseurs should make sure to visit the attraction for a more boozy Barcelona experience. Maria explained: "There’s also a tasting session to understand the difference between the different beer styles." The brewery takes guests through 140 years of beer history, including how to make Mediterranean beer. Cristina León, General Manager of NH Collection Constanza, provided Express.co.uk readers with a second tip for a perfect Barcelona trip. This is the Greek Theatre, a perfect spot for lovers of the arts. She stated: "The Greek Theatre on Montjuïc Mountain, in the south west of the city, is surrounded by nature and is a peaceful place to slow down, disconnect and relax from the day-to-day city buzz. Barcelona is full of buzz, so this suggestion is for those who want to take some time out to unwind. READ MORE: Flight attendant shares ultimate packing secrets She continued: "Plays and concerts are hosted here throughout the sunny months." The area is also "home to a host of cultural attractions" including the National Museum of Catalan Art, and Poble Espanyol, a mock village showcasing styles from across the country, so is definitely worth a visit". The official Barcelona tourism website described it as "a beautiful open-air venue built in the style of a Greek amphitheatre on the site of a former quarry". The city's summer festival, the Festival Grec, takes place between June 29 and August 6. It is just a few minutes walk away from Plaça d'Espanya, one of the most important squares in the city. This was once home to Barcelona's old bull-fighting ring which has since been converted into Las Arenas de Barcelona commercial centre - a shopping, music and sports centre with a stunning 360 degree view of the city. These "must-see" attractions are for those who want to explore the parts of Barcelona other tourists may miss. Maria Jose Valera is general manager at NH Collection Barcelona Podium, a four-star hotel in the city centre. Cristina León is general manager of NH Collection Constanza, a four-star hotel in the heart of Barcelona's business district.