Cleaning influencer Mrs Hinch became famous through Instagram after she posted ingenious cleaning tips and product recommendations. The cleaning guru now has over 4.5M followers and continues to share regular advice and organisational tips. Inspired by the guru, fans of hers have created their own Facebook pages dedicated to sharing cleaning advice, including how to clean stained oven glass. Posting on Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tip Facebook page, one woman asked for advice on how to clean her oven, more specifically the glass. Cathy Moore wrote: “I have used every oven cleaner on the market to clean my oven and none work. “I have the brown baked on the glass. “Does anyone have a miracle suggestion? I am not sure why it is so stubborn.” READ MORE: ‘Kitchen faux pas’ to avoid when designing space - ‘huge impact’ Cleaning the inside of an oven door can be challenging. After all, the grease that needs to be tackled has literally been baking on the glass for weeks, months or maybe even years. That’s why it is essential to regularly clean oven glass doors to help avoid a difficult task later down the line. Many people avoid cleaning their oven, thinking the task will require special cleaning products, smelly chemicals and a big dose of elbow grease. DON'T MISS: ‘Essential’ tip to achieve a ‘booster harvest’ from your pear trees [TIPS]Use Epsom salt as a ‘great tool’ to grow ‘brighter’ and ‘fuller’ roses [EXPERT]‘Best time’ to water grass to avoid ‘scorching’ grass - July lawn jobs [INSIGHT] However, according to Mrs Hinch fans all that is required is a dishwasher tablet. Susan Morris said: “Wet a dishwasher tablet and run it over the glass, it gets rid of all the stubborn brown stains. It’s amazing” Anna Jackson commented: “A dishwasher tablet works really well and you don't need to put pressure on it. It’s the best stuff ever.” Wendy Dickson replied: “Dishwasher tablets and rub over it. It’s wonderful. “My daughter’s oven glass door (we didn't even know it had glass as it was so bad) came up beautiful.” READ MORE: ‘Fastest way’ to ‘kill’ moss without ‘decimating’ your grass for 44p Katrina Oliff wrote: “I have seen someone use dishwasher tablets, pour a bit of hot water on it so it dissolves, leave it and then it gently removes stubborn dried in spills. “After wipe away with a warm soapy cloth. I did do it on my hob and it worked really well.” Sue Simpkin said: “Dishwasher tablets. Keep dipping in warm water and rub across the glass door. It worked for me, got cheap ones from Poundland.” Maggie Feeble agreed: “I use a dishwasher tablet on the glass. It does work!” Maureen Cotterell added: “A dishwashing cube dipped in water and rubbed over really helps.” Dishwasher tablets are designed to cut through grease and grime stains, so it’s no wonder it works just as well on oven glass. They can be picked up form Wilko for £1 for a pack of 30. This works out as less than 4p per table. The tablets are also sold at all local supermarkets such as Sainsbury’s and Tesco.