Earlier this year, it was revealed the streaming service are planning on releasing an "at-home" style docu-series of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, as part of their lucrative multi-million pound deal. No official release date has been announced but Netflix could be set on plotting another PR campaign against the Sussexes and the rest of the Royal Family, by scheduling the release near the same time as the newest series of The Crown. Speaking on a recent episode of Palace Confidential, royal expert Richard Eden spoke of Netflix' potential next PR scheme. Mr Eden said: "Netflix [are] apparently planning to coincide the docu-series with the next series of The Crown." He added: "Well, they did that last time, very cynically. "What they did was they broadcast The Crown at the same time as Diana, In Her Own Words, which was a really powerful programme." He went on discuss that the 2017 documentary about Diana was "recordings that Diana had made, never dreaming they'd ever be made public but they were", adding that they "kind of, had her voice, very spookily, over images of her". READ MORE: Prince Harry brutally mocked by US Supreme Court judge over blistering speech 'Wounded me' He continued: "Netflix promoted the two at the same time. "They used this version of her marriage breakdown, as a basis for The Crown script." Mr Eden added that the decision to do this, led to Charles being painted as "a dreadful man" and, in turn, caused "damage" to the monarchy. He added: "We're going to see that again, we're going to see the image of the rival royals with Harry and Meghan in their docu-series at the same time as negative portrayals of the Royal Family in The Crown." READ MORE: Kate's unused Royal Family title the Duchess was given after her wedding to Prince William As well as the docu-series, the couple are also set to release a documentary titled Heart of Invictus. The documentary is set to follow various competitors from around the globe as they prepared for this year's Games. The couple were in attendance at the Invictus games in April and reportedly had a Netflix filming crew in tow. The project is due to be released later this year. DON'T MISS Earlier this year, it was revealed that one of Meghan's planned projects had been axed by Netflix, along with a few other planned titles. The animation, which Meghan was set to be credited as creator and executive producer on, was due to show the adventures of a 12-year-old girl being inspired by leading women throughout history. The reason for the axe is cutbacks made by the streaming platform. READ NEXT: