Michael Bublé has been touring the UK as part of his An Evening With Michael Buble tour. It had been long-awaited by fans, as his tour was postponed last year due to Covid restrictions. The Canadian singer has addressed his family dilemma as the performer admitted he is unable to make the money his management would like because he refuses to do lengthy tours. The 46-year-old admitted he tries to balance his family life and his career. Michael and Luisana Lopilato got engaged back in 2009 and married two years later. They now share three children Noah, Elias and Vida with the couple set to welcome their fourth child. READ MORE: Rebekah Vardy 'devastated' over Wagatha trial - 'Judge got it wrong' The singer said he doesn't think it's fair on his family if he spends long periods of time away from home. "You balance it with love. You balance it with loving your wife and having reverence and respect for her career too and her time," Michael said about his gruelling tour schedule. "I'm not going to make the money that my manager's would love me to make because I won't go on six week and two month tours." He continued: "I try to keep it in bitesize pieces because I don't think it's fair to do that to my family.  "I put them first but I try to show up in your backyard and try to show you how much I appreciate the people that have been there for 20 years." The singer said he would always try and come out and perform for his fans who have supported him for the past two decades. He also shared that on occasion his family also come with him and attend some of his shows. Michael added to MSN: "What's really cool is my family comes with me so when I play MSG my kids will be there. DON'T MISS... Bradley Walsh's distress after being sacked before The Chase[LATEST]Elizabeth Taylor is timeless beauty in unearthed Cleopatra pics[PICTURES]Angelina Jolie addressed wearing ex-husband Billy Bob Thornton's blood[ADMISSION]  "I put them first but I try to show up in your backyard and try to show you how much I appreciate the people that have been there for 20 years." The singer said he would always try and come out and perform for his fans who have supported him for the past two decades. He also shared that on occasion his family also come with him and attend some of his shows. Michael added to Coventry Live: "What's really cool is my family comes with me so when I play MSG my kids will be there. "What's even cooler is I'm seeing more and more parents bringing their kids to the shows. It's a family show." Meanwhile, Micheal recently stopped his concert at Exeter's Powderham Castle after hearing crowds “shouting” for medical help. The Canadian singer was on the last leg of his UK tour and was forced to bring the last show of the tour to a halt after members of the audience began trying to get the paramedics’ attention, according to reports. The Just Haven't Met You Yet hitmaker appeared confused for a moment until he realised one concert-goer could be in an emergency. However, following the commotion, Michael reportedly attempted to calm down the crowds. Member of the audience Carla Snell told The Mirror: "There were people in the back of the crowd and Michael said: ‘What's going on why is all these people shouting?' “And then he asked for the paramedics to go and he talked to the crowd about not being scared. "People in the audience were shouting and trying to get his attention as paramedics were required. "He sort of made a joke of it at the end," Carla added to the publication. Despite last night’s alarming situation, Michael seemed to have enjoyed his time in the UK.