Manifest originally aired on NBC but in 2021, the TV show was cancelled after three seasons. Viewers were thrilled to hear Netflix had picked up the supernatural drama for a fourth outing. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the new series. Jeff Rake is the mastermind behind the American drama which follows passengers on board a commercial airliner that went missing for more than five years. In June 2021 it was announced NBC had cancelled the series, adding it to Netflix. The show topped the Netflix charts and the streamer decided to renew the show for a fourth and final season. The fourth season will be split into parts and will be made up of 20 episodes in total. Sadly this will mark the end of the drama, but fans should get the answers they have been looking for. READ MORE: NCIS theory: Nick Torres killed in Hawaii crossover as star drops clue At this moment in time, an official Netflix release date has not been given. The fourth season will air globally so fans across the world can see how the story ends. The first part will arrive on Netflix in late 2022. It has been suggested the new episodes will air in November, but this has not been confirmed. Rake responded to a tweet from Stephen King asking when the new series would arrive. The renowned author had penned: "Two questions (and a codicil) about MANIFEST: 1. When does it come back? "2. How many times will a character say 'Trust me'? 2-A. How many times will a character say 'It's complicated'?" Rake responded: "Thank you for your inquiry, @StephenKing. Re: #1, I’m hearing November. "Re: #2 and #3, if you’re proposing a drinking game, I’m in." Netflix Life suggested a November 4 release date given that this is when the infamous Flight 828 returned. DON'T MISS... Duchess of Cornwall’s sister admits ‘I’ve not forgiven her’ [INSIGHT] Manifest season 4 release: Creator sparks frenzy with cryptic post [DISCUSSION] Manifest season 4 release: Major update on multi-part season confirmed [INSIGHT] The number of parts the series will be split in had not been confirmed. However, it is likely to be two halves of 10 episodes, airing at different times. Netflix is in the process of acquiring global rights to the previous three seasons for a slow rollout across the world. Filming on the first half of Manifest season four came to an end in April 2022. In June 2022, Rake went on to tell author King he would get a premiere date "ASAP". The show's creator was taken aback by the amount of support fans offered ahead of the revival. A huge campaign was launched to get a streaming platform to save the popular series. A two-minute teaser video has been released and it has left fans on the edge of their seats. There are plenty of questions left to answer, including what happened to the plane and how the passengers were able to return.  Manifest season 4 is on Netflix now.