There have been several allusions to a potential nuclear element to the conflict since the Russian invasion back in February. NATO maintains its status as a "nuclear alliance", with the emphasis placed on the idea of deterrence. But NATO is clear that "if the fundamental security of any ally were to be threatened, NATO has the capabilities and resolve to defend itself – including with nuclear weapons". But military analyst Pavel Podvig has outlined a new argument he believes is the "way to counter Russia's nuclear threats". He described how the “only way nuclear weapons could be used in Ukraine” would be a targeted strike on civilian cities. This would be in the style of the 1945 detonation of atomic bombs over the Japanese cities of Hiroshima and Nagasaki, he added. This would “shock an opponent into surrender”, but the “threshold for this” is rightfully a high one, he said. He then tweeted: “Would the threshold be as high in a Russia-NATO conflict? Not necessarily. “Since NATO declares itself a nuclear alliance, it could respond in kind. Which means that a use of nuclear weapons against NATO would not be to shock it into a surrender.” Rather than force an end to the conflict, he suggested, it would “signal the readiness to escalate the conflict further”. READ MORE: Ukraine LIVE: Putin holds Kremlin crisis talks over Western weapons  He then wrote: “So, it appears that the US and NATO are, in fact, better off forswearing the use of nuclear weapons in a Russia-NATO conflict. “Keep nuclear weapons firmly off the table. “It would take some steel nerves, but it does seem to be the way to counter Russia's nuclear threats.” Last week, staunch Putin ally, Alexander Lukashenko, warned of a "nuclear abyss" opening up if the Ukraine war continued. DON'T MISS: Putin faces Russian mothers' wrath over sending sons to war [REACTION]POLL: Is France to blame for travel chaos at Dover and Folkestone? [POLL] Brexiteer savages ‘nutters from Brussels picking fights’ [REACTION] He told AFP: “Let’s stop and then we will figure out how to go on living. “There’s no need to go further. Further lies the abyss of nuclear war.” Vladimir Putin himself was quick to issue nuclear threats just hours before Russia launched its invasion of Ukraine. He said in late February: “As for military affairs, even after the dissolution of the USSR and losing a considerable part of its capabilities, today’s Russia remains one of the most powerful nuclear states." He added: "Moreover, it has a certain advantage in several cutting-edge weapons. "In this context, there should be no doubt for anyone that any potential aggressor will face defeat and ominous consequences should it directly attack our country.” UN Secretary-General, Antonio Guterres, remarked that Putin's invasion was the first time in decades that nuclear war was considered to be an international worry. He said: “The prospect of nuclear conflict, once unthinkable, is now back within the realm of possibility.” The following month, Russian foreign minister, Sergei Lavrov, called the danger of nuclear conflict “serious” and “real”. He said in April: “The risks now are considerable. “I would not want to elevate those risks artificially. Many would like that. "The danger is serious, real. And we must not underestimate it.”