Showrunner Katori Hall has put the Covid-19 pandemic front and centre for the second stunning season of her Deep South drama series, P-Valley. As Uncle Clifford (played by Nicco Annan) struggles to keep her strip club business up and running, her situation back at home has proven equally challenging in this instalment of the hit Starz show. P-Valley star Nicco has opened up exclusively to Express.co.uk about the devastating real-world themes of the Starz drama’s second season. His thoughts on the series’ handling of the pandemic could sadly prove a foreboding premonition of the fate of Grandmother Ernestine (Loretta Devine), who was rushed to hospital after contracting the virus. Nicco revealed he was excited by Katori’s plans for the new season, though admitted he was still cautious having lived through the effects of the pandemic himself. “I was excited that that was the direction she wanted to go in,” he told Express.co.uk. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan 'not showing love' claims royal author Levin “As an actor I wasn’t excited because it was still so fresh for me. “We were still living it, so tapping in some of that trauma, the fragility and the pressure of Covid and quarantining and stuff like that, I wasn’t excited about going back into.” In season two, Chucalissa is inflicted with quarantines, regulations and curfews which all threaten the sanctity of Clifford’s successful club, The Pynk. However, the financial implications of the pandemic were pushed aside in the latest episode, which saw Lil Murda (J Alphonse Nicholson) taking care of a bedridden Ernestine. Nicco continued: “I also felt, like, responsible to be able to tell truth. (sic) “It feels like this season is a true time capsule for how we have made it through these hard times.” Hopefully, Clifford, The Pynk and its squad of dancers manage to make it through to the other side, but the same may not be true for Ernestine by the end of season two. “I’ve been saying this thing, there’s a quote that we say in the show, ‘Fairy tales are nothing but horror stories with happy endings’,” the P-Valley star explained. DON'T MISS:Below Deck's Kyle Viljoen brands Raygan 'weakest link' of season 7 [OPINION]Better Call Saul’s Rhea Seehorn reflects on ‘awful’ Chuck scene [INTERVIEW]Righteous Gemstones star ‘lied in audition’ to land role [EXCLUSIVE] “And in that space so many people over these last couple of years have been confronted with something that could break them. “Or they’ve been stretched to a limit of, ‘I can’t take this anymore. I can’t take this pressure anymore. Why, why, why, why?’” In episode eight, Jackson, Clifford feels the full weight of the pandemic’s pressure when he sends his terrified grandmother away in an ambulance. After breaking down and crying in the shower, Lil Murda is thankfully still there to provide some much-needed comfort and one of the show’s most passionate and emotional love scenes. “And I think that you experience these characters in such a space - characters who you normally would not give any thought to how they are feeling,” Nicco added. “They tend to be objectified or put in a different space, but to see them in such a humane space is really, really, really powerful. “Part of this season you get to see that, and part of it you get to see a way out.” With just three episodes left of the new season, P-Valley still has plenty of surprises in store - fans will just have to hope the death of Grandmother Ernestine won’t be one of them. P-Valley season 2 continues Sundays on Starz in the USA and StarzPlay in the UK.