Presnel Kimpembe wants to stay at Paris Saint-Germain despite interest from Chelsea, according to reports. Chelsea are one of two clubs to have made an offer for the defender but he is happy in France. Thomas Tuchel is keen to continue adding defenders to his squad this summer. He completed the signing of Kalidou Koulibaly from Napoli last week for a fee of around £34million. But the double departure of Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen at the end of their contracts means there is at least one more space for a new face at the back. Sevilla's Jules Kounde remains a target after it was decided Nathan Ake would remain at Manchester City. There has also been talks over a deal for Kimpembe. But French outlet L'Equipe has outlined Kimpembe's stance over a potential move. They report that the 26-year-old has told PSG chiefs upon his return to pre-season training that he does not want to move this summer. PSG also do not want to sell the player but would have negotiated his sale if he did want a new challenge. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd denied De Jong fix, Spurs' triple meeting, Chelsea agreement  PSG have received two offers for Kimpembe, with Chelsea being one. But both of them look set to be unsuccessful. Kimpembe came through the academy at PSG and has made over 200 appearances for the club in all competitions. He has two years remaining on his contract at the Parc des Princes. Koulibaly was Chelsea's second signing of the summer following the arrival of Raheem Sterling from Manchester City. Tuchel admits he is still working on making further additions to his squad. The German said: "We’re working on more numbers. Everybody is wishing to have the complete team in pre-season but this almost never happens. We’re working on it as fast as possible but at the same time we’re relaxed." DON'T MISSFrenkie de Jong 'knows he can thrive' at Man Utd as Erik ten Hag makes plan clearArsenal could be about to sanction first sale which will please William SalibaErik ten Hag 'abrupt' with Man Utd players as dressing room approach emerges  Former Blues striker Cascarino claims Koulibaly will be a top addition for his old club. He told talkSPORT: "The fans will love him because he's a fans' player, as in no-nonsense, powerful. "He's a bit of a Rudiger-type, which they had alongside Thiago [Silva]. I think he will be a really good signing. "Their model of getting into your 30s and one-year deals, he gets a four-year deal. It just shows you how different models are made and ideas, they've signed him on a four-year deal. "Fans will love him at Chelsea, he's that type of stature. No-nonsense, Kompany-type, just gets stuck in." 