England players invaded Sarina Wiegman's press conference after their Euro 2022 final victory. The players entered the media room midway through and danced around and on the table, singing a rendition of 'Three Lions'. Goalkeeper Mary Earps and right-back Lucy Bronze climbed onto the table in jubilant celebrations as 'it's coming home' rang around the room. The Lionesses had won their first-ever European championship just a couple of hours earlier. Celebrations continued on the Wembley pitch long after the final whistle. But the players clearly had not calmed down as Wiegman carried out the rest of her media duties. Goals from Ella Toone and Chloe Kelly gave England a dramatic extra-time win. Manchester City star Kelly struck in the 111th minute to seal a memorable day for the 87,000 fans in attendance.  Speaking to the BBC after the match, Wiegman explained her emotions about winning the trophy again after doing it with Holland in 2017. She said: "We won the cup. It is unbelievable. It is incredible. "If you really want to win and become better every single day, that is what I have noticed, and it is incredible, they want to do it together. "We agreed on a couple of things about behaviour and they weren’t just words, we lived it. The game was so tight, there was a little bit of fight in there, but who cares, we won 2-1. We are European champions. "We broke through barriers against Spain and we had to do it again. I don’t have any secrets. I don’t think I have realised what is going on, I need some time."  Captain Leah Williamson was full of emotion after lifting the trophy and spoke of her pride of leading her country to glory. The Arsenal star said: "I can't stop crying. "We talk and we talk and we talk and we've finally done it. The kids are alright. It's the proudest moment of my life until the day I have kids so I'm going to lap it up. "I was told to make every second count because I'll be living it over and over, and I did that today. The legacy of this tournament is the change in society. We've brought people together and got them to games. This is the start of the journey. "Sorry I'm screaming but I love every one of you. I'm so proud to be English and I'm trying so hard not to swear." 