Fans of Mrs Hinch have shared their suggestions for cleaning silver jewellery predominantly using household items. Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, is a cleaning and lifestyle influencer with more than 4.5 million followers on Instagram. She is known for sharing her nifty cleaning hacks on social media and TV, and also has her own homeware range at Tesco. Now, fans of hers have shared their own cleaning tips and hacks on social media groups. On one such group, Facebook user Debbie Jane asked Mrs Hinch fans: “Can anyone tell me how to get this clean, it’s supposed to be SILVER. “I’ve used jewellery-cleaning dips and cleaning cloths. “Can anyone help me, and advise me what I should use to get this clean? Thank you.” READ MORE: 'Bizarre': Prince Andrew still lives with Sarah in £30m home Debbie’s post was inundated with almost 100 comments from fellow cleaning enthusiasts. The most common suggestion was to use toothpaste to clean the silver jewellery. Gillie Barry said: “Toothpaste and scrub with an old toothbrush then wash in soapy water. Or buy a silver cleaner.” Liz Marsland replied: “Toothpaste and a cotton cloth to buff up.”  DON'T MISS'Sacrificial crop' How to stop slugs eating plants [INSIGHT]Alan Titchmarsh shares the ‘best’ lawn seed for hard wearing grass [UPDATE]Homeowners forget basic maintenance jobs - like boiler services [ANALYSIS] Treena Griffiths commented on the post: “Toothpaste works fine.” Margaret Edwards replied: “Toothpaste and a toothbrush will clean it up. “I had a silver bracelet, it always goes black and this works.” Katie Eyre suggested: “Toothpaste with a soft brush or bicarbonate of soda and hot water works with mine.” Mandy Ohaire said: “Toothpaste babes, then place in washing up liquid all night, comes out fresh.” Louise Dawson simply replied to the post: “Toothpaste and a cloth.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea While most people have toothpaste in their homes, it’s also an affordable cleaning solution to buy. OraCare+ Sensitive Toothpaste costs just £1 from Sainsbury’s. Colgate Regular Toothpaste costs £1 from Ocado. Boots Sensitive Toothpaste is also available for just £1. Other suggestions from Mrs Hinch fans included using bicarbonate of soda, gin, tin foil, ash and washing up liquid. Nola Stirling replied: “In a small pot put water, bicarbonate of soda, vinegar and a piece of tinfoil. “Boil up with jewellery. Leave for about 10 minutes, turn off heat and let it sit for about 20 minutes.  “Then, take out and polish with a soft cloth. Works a treat.” Amanda Henderson suggested using “neat gin” while Carol Wilson said to use “bicarbonate of soda hot water”. Amanda Durkin commented: “Ash is the best cleaner for silver. “If you can get hold of some, wet cloth, dip in ash, rub on silver and then buff up with dry cloth. Works wonders old school method.” Jude Jowett wrote: “Tin foil in a dish with soda crystals and hot water, leave for 30 minutes, wash and polish with soft dry cloth.” Mya Cornwell suggested: “I put mine in hot water with washing up liquid and bicarbonate of soda and it worked so well.”