Ian Blackford has once again threatened to thrust with a second Scottish independence referendum and use the general election to make a case for it. As Boris Johnson appears on the edge of his premiership, the country could be on the brink of a snap election. Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has pledged to use the next general election to campaign on the second Scottish independence referendum. When asked whether he will see the potentially upcoming snap election as an opportunity to make the case for IndyRef2, Mr Blackford told Sky News: "You know our First Minister spoke about the roadmap that we have to make sure we can deliver on the mandate for an independence referendum. "Let me say that I will relish an election for us to make the case for Scotland to be an independent country. We have a roadmap that’s in place to make sure that we remove Boris Johnson. But at the end of the day, it’s Westminster’s Brexit that is causing us so much damage."  Ian Blackford also mentioned Sir Keir Starmer’s announcement that the Labour would not rejoin the European Union as another incentive to hold a second referendum and part from the rest of the UK Mr Blackford said: "And let’s not forget that this week of all weeks that the Labour leader has come out and said there’s no going back into Europe. There’s no going back into the Single Market or the Customs Union. "Scotland has its own way forward which is an independent country back into Europe. And that, we will do." Sky News’ Kay Burley interjected: "I mean only if the Westminster Parliament allows you to." Mr Blackford hit back: "You know, at the end of the day, this is about democracy. And Westminster should respect that the SNP and our partners in the Greens that there’s an independent mandate in the Scottish Parliament. People of Scotland have a right to have a say in their future and Westminstrer should respect that."  At a press conference announcing the second independence referendum, Nicola Sturgeon made clear she would hold a legal vote - with or without Westminster's support. Boris Johnson has so far refused to grant a section 30 order - a prerequisite for Holyrood to legally organise a referendum. Instead of relyong on Westminster, Nicola Sturgeon then revealed she has asked the Supreme Court to give a ruling on the legality of IndyRef2. However, if she fails to get the green light from the Supreme Corut, she threatened to campaign on that one policy in the next general election in the hopes of taking over Westminster and allow the referendum. READ MORE: ‘One way or another it will happen’ Blackford threatens with IndyRef2 Labour leader Keir Starmer's Brexit plan if Labour gets elected has emboldened the SNP to choose the independence path, as neither the Conservative nor the Labour party will try to re-join the European Union - one of the key promises made by Nicola Sturgeon in her bid for independence. Mr Blackford insisted: "One way or another, an independence referendum will happen. i want to put that case as to how we can deliver that more prosperous Scotland back in the European Union. That will happen. "And the sooner that happens, the better for everybody." "But my message for Westminster is come and meet with us. Let's agree how can have an independence referendum like we did in 2014 based on an agreement." DON'T MISS:MAPPED: How Scotland voted in first independence referendum [MAPPED]‘How can you run a country?' The Krankies take on SNP over Indyref2 [REPORT]Nicola Sturgeon and Ian Blackford slammed over pension claims [REPORT]  Boris Johnson has justified his repeated refusals by saying the 2014 vote was a "once in a generation" referendum and therefore, Scots hacve already had the opportunity to make their voices heard. Opposition politicians have accused Nicola Sturgeon of diverting attention away from more pressing issues like the NHS staff shortages and the cost-of-living crisis. "Let's respect democracy and let's respect the right of people of Scotland to have their say", Mr Blackford concluded. READ NEXT:SNP 'terrified to be independent' as Sturgeon wants to join EU asapScotland facing EXODUS of companies after Sturgeon unveils indyref bid'Make Brexit look like walk in the park' IndyRef2 threat to UK economyWhat happened to the fun and fearless Boris we all voted for?Nicola Sturgeon facing 'political suicide' over 'illegal' referendum