ITV series Doc Martin has been on the box since 2004 and will be retuning for a 10th and final series soon. Martin Clunes will be reprising his role as the irascible GP in the idyllic fictional location of Portwenn. During the show’s time on screens, cast members have come and gone with viewers wondering why some of these characters departed. Among those to leave was actor Stewart Wright who portrayed police officer Mark Mylow for the first two series. In the show, Mark suffered from depression and sadly didn’t have much luck on the dating scene. The character simply got another job in Poland hence his departure from Port Wenn, but later moved to Exeter. Mark also hadn’t kept in touch due to getting a new phone and being busy with his new role. READ MORE: Is Martin Clunes leaving Doc Martin?  He was then replaced by John Marquez officer PC Joe Penhale in the Cornish seaside town. However, Mark did make a reappearance on Doc Martin in 2019 when he turned up in Portwenn to solve a new case. Mark was forced to work with his replacement Joe as they tried to find out who’d stolen some farming machinery and equipment. After departing from the show, actor Stewart went on to work on many projects including the TV series Bonkers, Love & Marriage, I Want My Wife Back, Doctors and Housebound.  During the pandemic, the actor revealed how he’d had a brief but drastic career change when acting work dried up. The coronavirus lockdown brought film and television productions the world over to a grinding halt. Theatre was hit even worse when venues were shut down and productions cancelled. Stewart was working as a Deliveroo driver in a bid to support his family, biking around and delivering food to people.  He said at the time he’d had a theatre job cancelled when the first lockdown hit and he had to find another means of income. Stewart explained: "With two young kids and [wife] Celia's work also affected, it soon dawned on me I had to do something quickly to bring some cash in, and so I signed up to be a Deliveroo rider.” He added to the Bristol Post: "I wanted a way of earning money that wouldn't be affected by the pandemic and delivering fit the bill." After restrictions eased, Stewart resumed his acting work and appeared in the Steve McQueen BBC series Small Axe. DON'T MISS...Why did Aunt Joan leave Doc Martin? [EXPLAINER]Eileen Atkins age: How old is the Doc Martin actress? [INSIGHT]Doc Martin original cast: Where are the cast now? [ANALYSIS] Stewart also featured in the movie Jungle Cry, while his next project Christmas on Mistletoe farm is in post-production. With season 10 wrapping up Doc Martin, Stewart could make a return to the show one last time. He isn’t the only actor to depart from the show with actress Lucy Punch leaving behind her role as receptionist after one series. Additionally, Stephanie Cole departed as Joan Norton after the character suffered an off-screen heart attack. Doc Martin airs on ITV tonight at 9pm