Chelsea have reportedly been told they will have to pay £17million for Cesare Casadei and include a buy-back clause in any deal after Inter Milan rejected their opening offer. Blues boss Thomas Tuchel wants to add more fresh faces to his team before the start of the new season and is said to have been 'bewitched' by Inter teenager Casadei. The Blues were interested in the young midfielder earlier in the summer and tried to incorporate him in the deal that saw Romelu Lukaku return to Italy on loan last month. However, Inter outright refused the suggestion and ended up paying a £7m fee and agreeing to cover his wages in full. Chelsea returned with a new offer in between £5.8m and £6.7m this week for the 19-year-old, according to reports in Italy. However, La Gazzetta dello Sport claim that Inter have rejected the bid and have demanded around £17m. It remains to be seen whether or not Chelsea will increase their offer but the same report claims that Inter's demand to include a buy-back option is something they are not willing to entertain. JUST IN: Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp gives three-word response on Darwin Nunez after Man City win  Chelsea's unwillingness to compromise could see them squander any potential deal as Sassuolo are also claimed to be an option for Casadei. The Italy under-19 international is yet to make a senior appearance for Inter but has clearly attracted attention over the past 12 months. Gianluca Di Marzio claimed this week that Tuchel is a huge admirer and may be driving Chelsea's pursuit of the starlet after being left 'bewitched' by him. Casadei came through the academy at Inter after joining from Cesena in 2018 and would become Chelsea's third signing of the summer if he ended up making the move to Stamford Bridge. Raheem Sterling and Kalidou Koulibaly have already joined for a combined fee of £84m, but Tuchel is still on the lookout for more reinforcements. A defender is understood to be high on his agenda after Barcelona hijacked their move for Jules Kounde. DON'T MISS Liverpool 3-1 Man City: Five things we learned as Nunez shines and Haaland left frustrated Man Utd ‘to meet Frenkie de Jong for final crunch talks’ with new tactic to persuade star Arsenal 6-0 Sevilla: Five things we learned as Gabriel Jesus hat-trick blitzes Spaniards   The Blues lost Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen at the end of last season and ideally would like another central defender to join their ranks before the new campaign. Tuchel has identified a number of targets with deals for Milan Skriniar, Wesly Fofana, Benjamin Pavard and Presnel Kimpembe all being explored. Meanwhile, Chelsea may be forced into recruiting on either flank of their defence with Marcos Alonso and Cesar Azpilicueta closing in on moves to Barcelona. Recent reports out of Spain claim Xavi has 'reassured' the duo that they are doing their utmost to secure their signatures despite some resistance for Chelsea in light of the Kounde saga that unfolded. Tuchel is open to selling the pair but is said to have made it clear that he wants replacements for them first. Chelsea are expected to be working hard behind the scenes next week in a bid to get some more faces through the door, with their first Premier League game of the season taking place at Everton on Saturday. 