Canadian rapper Drake has placed a staggering £1.9m ($2.3m) bet on Paddy Pimblett and Molly McCann to both win their fights at UFC London tonight. The Scousers are set to go to war at the O2 Arena on Tom Aspinall and Curtis Blaydes’ undercard and have become household names in the MMA world. So much so that the superstar recording artist is willing to stake exactly £1,912,792.23 ($2,296,211.30) on both. Posting to Instagram, Drake shared an image of his betting slip with the caption: “A scousers parlay.” The 32-year-old will be due a payout of £3,101,401.33 ($3,723,077) providing it comes through but both fighters must overcome their challengers first. Pimblett squares off against American mixed martial artist Jordan Leavitt who is currently 10-1 as a professional MMA fighter and 3-1 inside the UFC Octagon. ‘The Monkey King’ will be hoping to halt the hype train by defeating Pimblett who is two for two under the promotional banner. McCann, meanwhile, is looking for her sixth UFC win against Hannah Goldy. ‘24K’ is 1-2 with the company but recently snapped her two-fight losing streak with a first-round submission victory over Emily Whitmire. The Liverpudlians were among the stand-out performers when the UFC last visited London in March. Traditionally, MMA’s premier promotion only visits England’s capital once a year but after a sensational showing, UFC boss Dana White promised to return again in 2022. “It seriously couldn’t have gone any better, it was f***ing unbelievable, I don’t even know what to say,” White said at the post-fight press conference. "Think about this, everybody has been locked up for two and a half years, some of these kids have been fighting in the Apex with no fans and then to come in tonight in their home country and deliver the way they did, it’s a big night.” MORE UFC NEWS... Paddy Pimblett Twitter account suspended hours before UFC fight Paddy Pimblett UFC fight time tonight: 'The Baddy' vs Jordan Leavitt Paul backed up by Rahman Jr in row as violent threat sent UFC chief He continued: “Tonight re-energised me and reminded me of what it’s like to do fights over in the UK. We’re coming back here this year. I don’t give a s*** what the schedule is. We’re gonna be moving s*** around when we get home.” On the night, McCann broke the internet with her spinning back elbow knockout of Luana Carolina while Pimblett sent the vocal British crowd into an absolute frenzy when he choked out Rodrigo Vargas in the first round. The pair have quickly become two of the biggest names in British MMA and train together at Next Generation MMA in Liverpool.