When it is bright and sunny outside, grubby marks on windows and doors come to light. Cleaning windows is a tedious task, especially because glass is so hard to get streak-free. However, I tried a hack which has circulated on social media for years, and it involves using tea. To begin with, I put two cheap teabags in a glass bowl and added boiling water. After letting it infuse, I took the teabags out and left the water to cool down. Leaving the black tea to cool down is extremely important when cleaning windows and any liquid too hot can cause damage to glass. It is thought that the tannic acid in black tea acts as a cleaning agent to dissolve dirt and grease. READ MORE: Easy ways to clean stubborn stains from grout without bleach This was very true when I put it to the test. Taking a clean sponge, I put the black tea all over my windows before rubbing it in gently. The grime came off straight away, leaving behind no residue. For extra soiled windows, a second application is often needed. DON'T MISS:Five ‘natural’ ways to keep mosquitoes at bay - ‘they hate it’ [COMMENT]Elton John’s private life a stone’s throw from Windsor Castle [INSIGHT]Homes Under The Hammer buyer increases house price by £63k - pictures [EXPLAINER] Due to cleaning the windows in hot weather, the solution started to dry very quickly. However, I knew this would leave streak marks if I didn’t quickly dry it properly. I took my Vileda Windomatic Vacuum Cleaner which is the easiest way to achieve streak-free results. It works by sucking all the liquid inside it, leaving the glass free from stains and streaks. READ MORE: Lawn: ‘Quick’ and ‘easy’ jobs you ‘need’ to do now Before using this tool window cleaning was something I avoided. The innovative cleaning tool can also be used to clean mirrors. I was amazed by the results, the window was so clean and had no marks whatsoever. The job took less than five minutes to do once the tea had cooled down. The teabag cleaning hack can also be used to clean stainless steel and glass. Another job often forgotten about when it comes to cleaning is the air fryer. I recently cleaned mine using Elbow Grease, one of my favourite cleaning products. It is versatile and can be used on different surfaces around the home. The cleaning spray claims to be formulated to remove grease and oil in all situations. After spraying it on all the elements inside the air fryer, I left it to soak for 10 minutes. The grease and grime slid off, revealing an appliance which looked brand new. I also used the cleaning product to clean my oven and hob.