Following incumbent Prime Minister Boris Johnson’s resignation after a chain of scandals and a revolt among MPs in recent months, a leadership contest was launched to decide who would replace him as leader of the Conservative Party - and take his place in office. The contest concluded its second round today, but how many more rounds will there be and when will we know the winner? The Tory party’s 1992 Committee of backbench MPs announced the rules to elect the new Prime Minister on Monday, with the first round of whittled-down candidates taking place on Wednesday, July 13. To have qualified for the first round, candidates needed the backing of 20 named Tory MPs, and needed to gain at least 30 votes from MPs to pass the ballot. This round left six candidates remaining, with Rishi Sunak in the lead with 88 votes; Penny Mordaunt falling just behind with 67 backers; Liz Truss received 50 votes; Kemi Badenoch gained 40; Tom Tugendhat remained in the race with 37 supporters, and supports just about saved Suella Braverman with 32 votes. Chair of the Health and Social Care Select Committee Jeremy Hunt, and recently elected Chancellor of the Exchequer Nadhim Zahawi fell short of the 30 votes to remain in the race, receiving 18 and 25 respectively.  READ MORE: Braverman slams other Tory leadership runners as not ‘honest'  The second round of voting took place on Thursday, July 14. The candidate to receive the least amount of votes was to be eliminated, and in today’s case, this saw the end of Suella Braverman’s participation in the contest. Out of the 356 Tory votes cast, Rishi Sunak received 101 of them, Penny Mordaunt 83, Liz Truss 64, Kemi Badenoch 49, Tom Tugendhat 32, and Suella Braverman with just 27. Two televised debates are due to take place on Sunday, July 17 and Monday, July 18 just before the third round of voting takes place on Tuesday, July 19.  Depending on the number of candidates remaining, Britons could be seeing one or two ballots be held. The final day of voting is scheduled for Wednesday, July 20, with Bob Blackman, the joint executive secretary of the 1922 Committee, confirming the aim was to whittle the contest down to a final two by July 21, just before the MPs head off for their summer holiday. When the contest reaches the final two, around 160,000 Tory party members will vote for a winner in a postal ballot, with hustings held over the course of July and August for voters to grill the remaining candidate. DON'T MISS:Brexit LIVE: Mask slips as EU prepares hammer blow to thwart Truss [REPORT]What are the next steps for Brexit? Every Tory leadership candidate [EXPLAINED]Tory leadership ballot: Second round results in FULL [ANALYSIS]    The winner of the Tory leadership race will be announced on Monday, September 5. The winner will, of course, become the new leader of the Conservative Party and Tory MP-elected Prime Minister.  According to a poll from Conservative Home, Penny Mordaunt is the current frontrunner. After coming second in both the first and second round of the leadership contest, Ms Mordaunt has also overtaken Mr Sunak as the bookie’s favourite and on the Betfair exchange. 