  Paul O’Grady, who recently revealed he’d tested positive for Covid, discussed his health amid the ongoing battle for our next Prime Minister. The TV presenter, 67, was not afraid to share some scathing remarks about Liz Truss and Rishi Sunak, who are the two candidates left in the running to become the next prime minister.      O’Grady insinuated that, while his Covid symptoms were a pain, they were not as bad as his experience watching the latest debate between Truss and Sunak. Sharing a picture of the two politicians with his 696,000 Instagram followers, Paul didn't hold back. “I’m still a bit done in from this bloody Covid although I’m no longer contagious and haven’t been for a few days,” he began. The star then went on to add he was tuning into the Tory leadership debate like many others across the county.    “I’m watching these two planks trying to persuade us why they’d make a wonderful Prime Minister,” he wrote “Truss is banging on about Turbo Charged Toffee, am I hallucinating or what? “Whilst the other one is insistent that we know he once had a Saturday job in a chemist. “To hear him you’d think he’d been forced to work down the mines since he was a child.     “What a carry on, I’d laugh if it didn’t send me off coughing so I’m making do with a scornfully curled lip. “Once again, thanks for all your kind messages when I was away from home and feeling like I’d been dug up and belted with the shovel," the star ended his post. After a series of knock-out rounds, only Truss and Sunak remain in the running to be Prime Minister. The final five also included hopefuls like Penny Mordaunt, Kemi Badenoch and Tom Tugendhat. READ MORE... John Cleese leaves BBC interview over line of questioning [LATEST] Charlie Dimmock addresses decade-long absence from TV [INSIGHT] Clint Eastwood's first child was a secret daughter who was adopted [NEWS]     Plenty of other famous figures have given their opinion on the leadership race, including Jeremy Clarkson. “How can we have ended up having to choose a leader from a shortlist made up entirely of perma-smiley weirdos?” the Clarkson’s Farm presenter asked incredulously. Hinting that the correct choice in candidate was “none of the above”, he went on to explain why he felt the list of candidates wasn’t up to scratch. Jeremy wrote about how anyone who wanted to be Prime Minister would have to be “totally off their rocker” due to the abuse they might be subjected to.     “Unless we can think of someone else to use as a receptacle for our anger and our disgust and our rage, we are never again going to be represented by anyone who's even remotely normal,” he insisted in his article for The Times. The next Prime Minister and Conservative Party leader will be announced on September 5. The new leader will be revealed as MPs return to parliament following the summer recess.  