Louis Saha thinks Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag is ‘sure to implement new rules’ to suit Cristiano Ronaldo at Old Trafford. The Portugal international has been linked with a surprise move to Chelsea after his agent, Jorge Mendes, recently held talks with new Blues owner Todd Boehly. Yet the 37-year-old’s former team-mate thinks he’ll stay and that the Red Devils’ new boss will adjust to having such an A-lister in his squad. Manchester United saw Ronaldo shine last season, with the veteran scoring 24 goals across all competitions. While Ten Hag is keen to build a younger Red Devils squad, the Dutchman has also insisted that the club’s No 7 ‘guarantees goals’ ahead of his reign. And Saha, speaking to BonusCodesBets, thinks Ten Hag will implement ‘new rules’ to suit the forward. “It could go both ways, no one can guarantee anything apart from Cristiano,” said the France international, who won the Premier League title playing alongside Ronaldo. “He’s the only one to answer that. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez “It wouldn’t be the right move for Man United to let him go because he’s such a big asset. “I can definitely see him continuing to keep doing what he’s doing best, which is scoring goals and helping his club get back to where it belongs. “He can still play a part under Ten Hag, not only by scoring goals, but with his stature. “I’m sure the new manager will want to implement some new rules and new standards that fit with Ronaldo. “Maybe not so much on the pressing side, but his work ethic and his desire to always be accountable. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen “Performance-wise, Ronaldo is up there with the best, he’ll drive the players that need confidence, like Rashford. “It’s a new manager, new rules, new atmosphere and I’m very excited.” United are hoping Ronaldo can fire them up the Premier League table next term after the club finished sixth last season. And Chelsea aren’t the only club to have been linked with the superstar, who has never played in the Europa League over the course of his career. Reports in Spain claimed Ronaldo was wanted back at Juventus, yet that doesn’t appear likely to happen given the finances involved. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team And Sporting Lisbon chief Hugo Viana has flirted with the idea of bringing the 37-year-old back to his former club, saying recently: "Not now, I don’t think that will be possible. "But we never know. He can decide where he can go. But you never know the future. "I don’t want to talk a lot about that because when we speak about Cristiano it is quite different. "I think he has one more year on his contract, so whatever he decides, let’s see." Ronaldo, meanwhile, praised Ten Hag when news of the Dutchman’s appointment broke. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here "I know that he has done a fantastic job at Ajax, and that he is an experienced coach,” he said. “But we have to give him time. "Things must change the way he wants. If he does well, all of Manchester United will be successful, so I wish him well. “We are all happy and excited, not only as players, but as fans as well. “We have to believe that next year we can win titles."