Leah Charles-King is one of the newest property experts on A Place in the Sun, having joined in 2021. In her first year on the show, she has visited all kinds of sunny locations on the Channel 4 staple. The presenter opened up about the next places she has been able to travel to on the show and talked about certain features that turn her off a place. When asked about her favourite places she has been with the show, she replied: "Actually, this week I've just got back from Sol Guadalmar, which is the Malaga side and it's about 45 minutes from the airport. "And it's very Spanish. You've got a mix of mountains and sea, beautiful coast, gorgeous beaches. "It's kind of got island vibes, so it's like Ibiza. I don't like places where you don't know where you are. "Let's be honest, there are parts of Spain where you could be in England, and I really don't like that. READ MORE: America’s Got Talent: viewers left in tears after ‘emotional’ audition "It's always nice to see fellow Brits and whatever, but when I'm in Spain I like to be somewhere where the food is traditionally Spanish. "They're not trying to cater to anyone, they're just being Spanish - unapologetically Spanish. "You'll go to restaurants and it's not in English, which some don't like but I think well, do what you have to do! "You translate, ask, or whatever it is you need to do. That's part of the fun, when you try new things."  Leah continued: "So I like it there and that's why I also really like Salobreña, which is in the Costa Tropical. "It's on the Granada side, it's the only part that has a tropical climate, so it gives me Caribbean vibes. "It's very, very nice and has a lot of Spanish charm. So those are my two favourite places that I've been to with A Place in the Sun so far. "I've also got some great memories of filming in Cyprus. We had quite a few different groups there, and it was my birthday. DON'T MISS... Simon McCoy gives view on Meghan inquiry 'Queen doesn't want pressure [LATEST]Coronation Street theory: Audrey Roberts dies at hands of relative [THEORY]Meghan Markle fuels presidential bid rumours after Washington hint [VIDEO] "We had a glass and it was so nice, it didn't feel like working. So those are all my faves." Leah confessed not being able to fully prepare for the next filming location can be tough, as she isn't told until the last minute. "We never really truly know where we're going until maybe the day before we go, so it's hard to prepare," she revealed. "I like to be ready in different ways. So I know I'm going away, I'm going somewhere but I have no idea where I'm going." "There are things that I can control and there are many things that are out of my control, it can also be things like the weather. "I was in Alicante last month and it had been the worst weather they'd had in 100 years! "And we were trying to film on this mountain and as soon as I stepped out of the vehicle my umbrella got blown away. "I got pushed around by the wind, it was actually really bad!" A Place in the Sun airs weekdays from 4pm on Channel 4.