The Lionesses rose to the occasion and beat the pre-tournament favourites at the Amex Stadium in Brighton to reach the semi finals where they will play Sweden or Belgium. Spain opened the scoring on 54 minutes as substitute Athenea del Castillo got the better of fullback Rachel Daly and set up Esther Gonzalez to fire home.  With only six minutes left on the clock another substitute, Ella Toone, volleyed in Alessia Russo's flick-on to take the game to extra time. However, six minutes into the first half of extra time Georgia Stanway sent the Sussex crowd into delirium when she thumped home a shot into the top left hand corner. The crowd erupted as Stanway sprinted over into the corner to celebrate singing the famous Euro 96 anthem "Football's coming home". There were similar reverberations of joy on social media, including the official Twitter account of The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge.   Writing on the social media platform, the Cambridges lauded the Lionesses performance and comeback . The message was signed off with a W indicating that it was written by the Duke. The tweet read: "Great performance and comeback @lionesses brilliant team effort! "On to the #WEURO2022 semis. W." READ MORE: 'So sad!' Fears erupt after Prince Harry's 'strange' apperance The message sent royal fans into a frenzy about both the Lionesses and the royal support the women received. Twitter page Theroyalfamily.wcgcl said: "Congratulations to them." Another Twitter user, @toriaa_h, added: "Screaming at the tv for a solid two hours. Bit all my nails down worth it." Meanwhile, royal fan account @loveforcambridg chimed in: "Big congratulations and good luck to them on the semifinal." DON'T MISS: Meghan and Harry's US stay questioned as Duke speech sparks fury [REVEAL]Harry and Meghan's UN visit sparks protest 'Why are they here?' [INSIGHT] Meghan acted liked a 'princess' at NY restaurant with [SPOTLIGHT] @brels32368 added "Fantastic! I love my country." While @jameskarthur said nervously: "Supporting England is always a challenge to your nerves. My heart rate is just about back to normal. Incredible stuff but I need a brandy!!" @nici30bln exclaimed "Let's hope for #ENGGER in the Final." Some royal fans thought it was time for Princess Charlotte to a Lionesses game. Twitter user @linnyb2709 added: "Time for you to take Charlotte to her first Lionesses game." Prince George was famously taken by his parents to watch the England men's team play at the Euro 2020 at Wembley last year. England will play their semi final next Tuesday at Bramall Lane in Sheffield, with the final itself taking place on Sunday July 31 at Wembley Stadium. 