The bank is to axe several branches in late October and early November, including an outlet in Birmingham. Managers blamed the move to online banking for the string of closures, with more than 90 percent of customers at many of the branches also using the Barclays app. The group said in a statement to customers: “We want to reassure you that we’re here to help. “We’ll stay in your community and you’ll be able to talk to us in person. “We’re finalising the details of where we’ll be based, and when, to support you with your banking, and we‘ll share the details locally once confirmed. “We’ll be regularly to help you with things like day-to-day banking and helping you manage your money, though there won’t be access to cash at this site.” READ MORE: State pension payments could stop for thousands in months - act now  These are the latest branches that the bank has said will close later this year, with their closing dates: DON'T MISS:Lloyds and Halifax to close another 66 bank branches - see full list [REVEAL]Best savings account UK: The top 10 easy-access accounts [GUIDE]Pensioners could be eligible for top up worth £3,300 plus £650 payment [INSIGHT]  Barclays will be the fourth bank branch to close in Hinckley, Leicestershire, over the past five years. The market town lost Halifax and Santander last year, while Yorkshire Bank shut up shop in 2017. Stuart Bray, leader of Hinckley and Bosworth Borough Council, said: “I’m deeply disappointed by this decision which appears to be a sign of the times as more and more people move to other ways of doing their banking. “However there are many people who still prefer and rely on going into branches and for those this will be a huge blow. “There’s also a knock-on effect for the rest of the town if people are no longer coming in to town to do their banking. “I’ve spoken in the past about the possibility of a banking hub in the town where banks collectively come together to maintain an in person presence and council officers are talking to Barclays who are keen to make this happen.” Express.co.uk previously spoke to town residents about the impact of the branch closures. READ MORE: State Pension fail - if you make this mistake you will get NOTHING when you turn 66 Wendy Moore, 75, said: “I just wonder how people in financial difficulties would go on now with these sort of problems, if there’s no one to go in and actually speak to. “I cope because I know a little about the systems but I fear for people who have not been in that environment, and who are not particularly able to understand some of the procedures. “Like form filling - there needs to be someone who can help people fill in forms because sometimes they are pages long.” She warned that losing high street branches has an impact on older people’s lifestyle. She said: “It gives you less reason to go anywhere. “As you get older, while you can still get about and into town, it’s a means of communicating with people. “I think it’s sad, because people do everything on their phone. That’s OK, but there’s a lack of interpersonal skills. “It’s not direct contact with anyone anymore.” Barclays is also to close a string of branches in August. Here is a list of the branches with the closing dates: