Lucy Verasamy, 41, has taken to Twitter to say farewell to a longtime ITV colleague. It comes after the news that meteorologist Jon Mitchell retires today after 30 years of being in the broadcasting role. ITV News Calendar took to Twitter in full view of their 156,700 followers to share the news of Jon’s leaving. They wrote this morning: “After an estimated 70,000 forecasts, today @JonMitchellITV presents his last. “Enjoy it if you can, Jon.” In response, Lucy wrote: “After over 3 decades(!) presenting the weather. READ MORE: Stacey Solomon and Joe Swash have married in 'joyous' ceremony  “The most modest, knowledgeable @JonMitchellITV will be missed.” Jon regularly shares photos sent in by his viewers during the forecasts on his show. He has a loyal following of fans and is due to retire after tonight’s show. The broadcaster from Yorkshire is best known for catchphrases: “Look up it’s free,” and “Enjoy it if you can”, hence the broadcaster’s quip on Twitter. Christine Talbot, who presented the show alongside Jon before leaving last year, shared her best and most fond memories with the star. “We’ve presented in all sorts of weather conditions, gales, snowstorms from the top of the ITV building holding onto straps,” said Christine in an exclusive video for The Yorkshire Post. “It’s probably a health and safety nightmare - and we’ve all presented from bed together. “It was absolutely so ridiculous I can’t remember why we were doing it now." READ MORE... Meghan and Harry's appearance 'paint a thousand words' claims host [NEWS] David Warner dead: Titanic and Omen star dies aged 80 [LATEST] Paul O'Grady inundated with support after falling ill [BREAKING]   She was a part of ITV’s longest-standing broadcasting partnerships alongside co-star Duncan Wood who left Calendar in May. Together with Jon, the trio were dubbed the “three amigos.” Christine added: “You’re such a true professional, you’re a real proper meteorologist who knows his stuff, we’ve learned a lot from you as well about different types of weather conditions. I can now recognise different types of clouds when I see them in the sky." She said that the team would really miss that “sunny smile that makes us happy whatever the weather”. Jon is the longest serving weather presenter on ITV. He first appeared as a stand-in for Bob Rust in 1989. Jon became a regular in 1995 and estimates that in his time with Calendar he has provided around 70,000 forecasts.