The DI Humphrey Goodman actor will be returning to the BBC crime drama series in a separate show where he will reprise his role as the beloved detective. Giving one of the first glimpses into the new series, the 49-year-old revealed the show would still be set in "a paradise", but of a different kind during his appearance on Wednesday's The One Show. Hosts Roman Kemp and Ronan Keating tried to tease what they could out of the actor, but he professionally remained tight-lipped on what was to come from the highly-anticipated spin-off. He did give away some details, though, as he spoke about the premise of the show. "The brilliant Tony Jordan wrote a couple of scripts and we got the spin-off," he explained. "All fans of Death in Paradise will [like it], it's very similar in its veins. READ MORE: Amanda Owen speaks out on new role ‘Jumped at the chance’ "So the main themes are the same, but it's very unique as well." Talking about the location of the shoot, he continued: "We're going to film it down in the south-west I think, in Cornwall. "So it's going to be paradise, but it's going to be a different sort of paradise." Cornwall is a far cry from the tropical island of Guadeloupe, where the main show is filmed.  However, Kris went on to tease some of the plot and possible cast. "Any famous faces popping up?" Roman probed, to which Kris replied with a joke. "Well, I mean, apart from myself?" He quipped as the presenters replied: "Of course." He added: "None as of yet... but watch this space." DON'T MISS... 'About to hit me!' A Place in the Sun's Lee Juggurnauth teases guest [LATEST]Amanda Owen jokes kids ‘work’ to put food on the table [VIDEO]Coronation Street theory: Yasmeen Nazir killed as Stu's past uncovered [THEORY] Ronan asked: "Can you tell us anything about the storyline at the moment?" "So we're basically following Humphrey and his girlfriend Martha's (played by Sally Bretton) sort of journey as they move in with the mother-in-law down in the southwest. "And his new role as the detective inspector of this sort of local constabulary." "Very exciting," singer Ronan commented as Kris added: "Lots of fun!" My Family and Love Actually star Kris was the second detective to star as the lead in Death in Paradise. He took over the key role from actor Ben Miller at the start of season three after his character DI Richard Poole was murdered. DI Goodman, an awkward yet talented detective, was last seen on the island in 2017. Humphrey left his life in Saint Marie to be with the love of his life Martha back in the UK. Death in Paradise is available to watch on BBC iPlayer, while The One Show airs weekdays from 7pm on BBC One.