Authorities in Spain said last week that a man in the Castile and Leon region had been diagnosed with Crimean-Congo haemorrhagic fever (CCHF). The virus – which is spread predominantly through bites from infected ticks – has a mortality rate of around 30 percent, according to the World Health Organisation (WHO). The disease was first described in Crimea in 1944, but a case recorded in 1956 in Congo was recognised as being caused by the same pathogen in 1969 – earning the virus its current name. It is often found in Africa and the Balkans, but has also been found in other parts of the world. Cases in western Europe have been rare, but several cases have been recorded this year. The latest, on Thursday, involved a middle-aged man who was hospitalised with the disease after being bitten by a tick, before being transferred to another hospital by military plane. Health authorities in Leon said: “He has a tick bite and remains in a stable condition, despite the clinical severity that this pathology implies.” READ MORE: Don’t panic! Fears of monkeypox infections ‘likely’ just chickenpox Spain detected its first case of CCHF in 2011. A Spanish man died in 2016, after similarly being diagnosed with the disease following a tick bite. In March, a patient was diagnosed with the rare disease at Cambridge University Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust. The patient was then transferred to the Royal Free in London, which has a specialist unit for dealing with infectious diseases and has treated Ebola cases in the past. At the time, Dr Susan Hopkins, Chief Medical Advisor at UKHSA, said: “It’s important to be aware that Crimean-Congo haemorrhagic fever is usually spread by tick bites in countries where the disease is endemic. “It does not spread easily between people and the overall risk to the [British] public is very low.” She added that “UKHSA and the NHS have well established and robust infection control procedures for dealing with cases of imported infectious disease and these will be strictly followed”. Public Health England said the principal carrier of CCHF were Hyalomma ticks, which “are not established in the UK”. The virus “has never been detected here in a tick”. Before the March case, there had reportedly only been two cases of the disease in the UK: one in 2012, and another in 2014. DON'T MISS:Tory leadership polls: Who is the favourite right now? [INSIGHT]Liz Truss campaign run by hardline Remainers, claims Brexit architect [UPDATE]Sunak dubbed 'snake and back-stabber' in astonishing attack [REACTION] The ticks are both a viral reservoir and a vector for transmission – but are believed to contract the virus from infected animal blood. WHO warns that the virus can be caught from being exposed to infected animal tissue. It states that the disease it causes has “a high case fatality ratio” of between 10 and 40 percent. Symptoms can begin to show between one and three days after infection from a tick bite. Those symptoms can come on “suddenly” and can begin with a fever, dizziness and abdominal pains. This can then develop into patients showing “sharp” mood swings, and after a few days restlessness can turn into drowsiness and depression. The WHO states that extreme symptoms can include rashes caused by bleeding into the skin and “other haemorrhagic phenomena”. Severely ill patients may experience “rapid kidney deterioration, sudden liver failure or pulmonary failure” after the fifth day of illness. A 2009 medical study into the effects of the disease on the eyes found that over 70 percent of the nineteen patients studied had some form of haemorrhaging on the eyes. WHO says that there is currently no vaccine for the virus, but that the antiviral drug ribavirin – typically used to treat Hepatitis C – had been used with “apparent benefit”. However, patients with CCHF are typically treated for their symptoms while their immune system attempts to fight the virus.