Kay Burley questioned whether Brexit would continue to dominate the debate as Liz Truss and Rishi Sunak vie to take over 10 Downing Street from Boris Johnson. Lord Hayward warned "surprise" issues would likely take centre stage as the EU issue has widely been settled among Conservative members. Brexit has resurfaced during the early leadership debate as Mr Sunak repeatedly challenged Liz Truss over her support for Remain during the referendum campaign. The Sky News presenter said: "We still hear about Brexit and I know Rishi Sunak was having a pop at Liz Truss about her being a former Remainer. "Does it matter anymore or are we all Brexiteers now?" Lord Hayward replied: "The level of factionalism re Brexit has diminished from previous leadership elections. "You can say the obvious ones are the economy and taxation." JUST IN: Tory Leadership: Cummings rages at 'remainer' Truss as Mordaunt dramatically OUT  He continued: "But I think it's likely there will be surprise issues. "You covered the fires, funding of the fire service, funding of the health service if there's a particular crisis in some form or another, will suddenly become centre stage. "And therefore the next few weeks are going to be highly unpredictable because it will be responsive to what are the major news stories of that particular week. Liz Truss insisted she could be entrusted with the country because of her record in delivering trade deals following Brexit. But despite her experience as International Trade Secretary, she has repeatedly been questioned about her siding with David Cameron in supporting membership of the European Union in 2016. Former Chancellor Sunak took a swipe at the Foreign Secretary this week in a campaign video highlighting his long-standing support for Brexit, juxtaposing pictures of him campaigning for Leave with Liz Truss beaming whilst canvassing with Remain activists. But with ballooning energy prices and the impact of the recent heatwave, which resulted in at least 40 homes being damaged in London alone, Brexit is indeed likely to take a step back from the forefront of the prospective leaders' minds. DON'T MISS: Angry Tesco shoppers sign petition complaining about self-service till [REPORT] 'So sad!' Fears erupt after Prince Harry's 'strange' apperance [REVEALED] 'I am coming towards end' Charles braces for huge royal title change [LATEST] Former Housing Secretary Robert Jenrick has said that Rishi Sunak will be a "Thatcherite candidate", as he lashed out at the economic credentials of rival Liz Truss. "It is the antithesis of Thatcherism to be going around making unfunded tax pledges merely to win a leadership contest," the former housing secretary and Sunak backer said. He said his fear is that if taxes were cut immediately by Liz Truss as prime minister, inflation could soar. "Rishi is clear - he is going to cut taxes, he is going to cut personal taxation. He is going to do that before the end of this Parliament - that isn't a very long time to wait," Mr Jenrick told BBC Radio 4's Today programme. He pointedly said that his candidate was "never a member of the Lib Dems", a reference to the former party allegiance of Ms Truss. He called Mr Sunak a "traditional Conservative". "He joined the Conservative Party early in his life, he was never a member of the Lib Dems, he was a conviction Brexiteer."