Debbie Kirby and her husband Dan had hosted a party at their home on March 5 to celebrate their son Charlie's 21st birthday. The family played games and enjoyed a buffet before everyone started leaving at around 8pm. Debbie and Dan continued chatting and enjoying themselves until around midnight when they decided to go to bed. But as they made their way upstairs, with Dan leading the way, Debbie fell and hit her head on a cupboard at the foot of the stairs, reports Lancs Live. The 44-year-old, from Darwen, Lancashire, was taken to the Royal Preston Hospital where, although her condition was deemed to be "unsurvivable", she began to show some improvement after surgery. However, on March 11, the pressure inside her skull "increased significantly", and she died after suffering "irreparable" brain damage. An inquest at Preston Coroner's Court on Monday July 18 heard that despite the best efforts of neurosurgeons at the Royal Preston Hospital, the outcome of Debbie's brain injury had been "pre-determined" by its severity. In a statement submitted to the coroner, in which he recalled the events leading up to Debbie's fall, her husband, who had been with her for 19 years, said: "Everyone was drinking and having fun. "Debbie was drinking wine and prosecco. She drank maybe two bottles of wine and by the end of the night we were both drunk and happy but I wouldn't describe her as paralytic. "At 8pm Charlie, Grace and her friend left to go to Clitheroe. Mine and Debbie's parents left in two taxis at around 11pm. "Debbie was dancing to music in the extension room. We stayed up for another half an hour chatting and dancing. "At midnight I suggested we go to bed as I had a golf tournament the following morning. "I was in front of Debbie as we went up the stairs. She was right behind me. As I walked up the stairs I heard a bang. Debbie was laid on her back at the bottom of the stairs. She was unconscious." Debbie was taken to the Royal Preston Hospital where neurosurgeons discovered she had suffered a severe brain injury. She was taken to theatre, despite surgeons believing she had suffered an unsurvivable injury, but despite the odds her condition began to improve. At one point Debbie's eyes opened and she was able to indicate that she was in pain. Surgeons decided to take her back into theatre in an attempt to reduce the swelling around her brain but on March 11, six days after her fall, Debbie died. In a statement consultant neurosurgeon Gregory Hall told the inquest the outcome had likely been "pre-determined" by the severity of the injury Debbie had suffered in falling down the stairs. "There had been irreparable damage to the brain stem," he said. Returning a conclusion of accidental death Assistant Coroner Laura Nash said she had heard that Debbie was a "wonderful mum". "She had an excellent time that day and in the late hours of the evening they retired to bed," Ms Nash said. "She was walking up the stairs when her husband Dan heard her fall. "He can't tell me exactly what happened, it seems alcohol played some part but I am mindful that she was able to dance, converse and play games." After the inquest Debbie's parents, Julie and Peter, who were accompanied by their son Andrew, said they wished to thank the doctors who had tried "so hard" to save her life. They said Debbie had been a wonderful mum.