It's not as if this is exactly a new experience for party members. The Tories have had four different leaders in the past six years alone. Something in their DNA compels them to campaign as if their lives depend on it, win (sometimes against the odds), put out the bunting and pop the champagne corks to welcome the smiling winner across the threshold of Number 10 ... only to turf them out at the earliest opportunity.  Winners might be grinners to some, but to the Tories it seems they're just fair game. But back to Leeds and the conference centre by the football ground, where members filed into the first official party hustings and came eye to eye with Rishi Sunak and Liz Truss. They peppered them with questions - with me acting as moderator. The stage and setting was compelling like a US Primary, with slick videos playing out for each contender. Party heavyweights then introduced their choice. For Mr Sunak it was "local boy" David Davis (Haltemprice and Howden) who talked of his man's bravery in fighting for Brexit when many others folded to pressure from above. For Ms Truss it was James Cleverly, who extolled his colleague's stoicism in standing up to Ukraine and her skill in delivering trade deals. Then it was time for the "real deal" and the two to take to the stage. That proved to be a challenge though. Positioning a stage "in the round" might be great for a play or a concert, but it is something of a hurdle for a politician seeking to win over the hearts, minds and votes of over a thousand people surrounding them on all sides. Credit to them both as they swiftly mastered it, and managed to engage with the audience on all fronts.  Speeches over, it was question time - separately - for the two. First up was former chancellor Rishi Sunak, who deployed his experience in the Treasury at every opportunity. Strong on figures, he earned support for his promise to help local businesses and his assurances on managing the nation's finances. But there was an elephant in the room that had to be addressed: Why had Mr Sunak "stabbed Boris in the back". Taking it on the chin, Mr Sunak explained he felt unable to maintain the right bond needed between the PM and his chancellor and therefore was left with no option. His candour earned some applause, but you could sense some still bore a grudge. Then it was time for the race leader Liz Truss to take to the stage. While Mr Sunak is a local Yorkshire MP (Richmond, 59 miles up the road) here was the candidate who had been raised and schooled in Leeds, although she'd decided to disparage the school, the teaching and the area. And that was one of the questions. Why had she pretended to have been to a "bog standard" comprehensive on the wrong side of the tracks, when in fact properties sell for north of £1million in the area?  Tackling it head on, she offered a fulsome apology and the audience relaxed. Her promise to fight for single sex toilet facilities at schools got the biggest cheer of the night and her loyalty for not walking out on Boris was dutifully acknowledged. The breadth of questioning had been remarkable. Everything from cruelty to greyhounds and tackling benefit cheats, via welcoming more Ukrainian refugees and work opportunities for pensioners. This was the first of 11 hustings that will be held for Conservative members and no one can pretend a killer punch was landed. This looks like being a war of attrition. It is in all our interests that the right contender triumphs.  There's been an outbreak of stubble trouble at Greater Manchester Police, where newish chief constable Stephen Watson is cracking down on the appearance of officers who serve under him. For female officers "you tie your hair up" and, if you're a man "you've had a shave, you press your clothing, if you know how, you polish your boots". Dreary woke campaigners instantly bleated about infringements and unfair practice. But here's the truth about this: Chief Constable Watson took over a failing police force in June 2021. On his watch, 999 call handling times have halved to 29 seconds, arrests have jumped by 61 per cent and the number of crimes solved has risen by 21 per cent, meaning an extra 29,000 suspects have been nicked. Surely a "smart" approach to running a force to anyone.  Much of the country has been brought to a virtual standstill by striking rail workers. The unions demand pay rises for their staff and in some instances they are right. Many workers are on low wages and have seen no pay rise for three years. But equally, many are earning decent salaries and have good pension plans in waiting. What unions might like to remember is keeping the rail system on life support for two years cost taxpayers £16billion. A sliver of recognition wouldn't go amiss. As the frightening prospect of a hosepipe ban across the entire country looms ever closer, it has been revealed that England's water companies leak up to a quarter of their supply each day. With the very real prospect of a drought in August, the country's nine water companies are leaking 2.4 billion litres of water every day. To put that in context, it's the equivalent of 1,000 Olympic-sized swimming pools washing unchecked down the plug hole. If bans are imposed and if it's anything like previous years, fines will be levied and helicopters scrambled to check if you're watering the garden, upon which you've lavished untold hours of love, care and attention. At the same time, over the last two years, England's water companies' chief executives have been paid a total of £24.3million. Hence, I suppose, the expression Cry Me A River?   Some years ago there was an advertising slogan for petrol giant Shell that ran "Things Going Well, Things Going Shell". Given the response by Shell boss Ben van Beurden that we all have to just accept rising prices as they take away cash in wheelbarrow loads, perhaps it should be reprised to "Things Going Well,You Can All Go To Hell". 