Chelsea owner Todd Boehly has been urged to complete a deal for Raheem Sterling - even if he has to overpay for the England star. Former Blues left-back Scott Minto says Sterling would be a better signing than Leeds United winger Raphinha. Chelsea agreed a fee with Leeds for Raphinha earlier this week. However, Barcelona are thought to be his preferred destination and the La Liga giants have made their move. Various reports claim Chelsea are now close to agreeing a fee with Manchester City for Sterling. With just a year remaining on his contract at the Etihad, a deal could be finalised at around £45million. Sterling will demand mega wages at Stamford Bridge, as he currently earns £300,000 a week at City. But Minto believes he would be worth every penny and has urged his old club to get a deal done. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd prepare for medical, Tottenham and Chelsea agree Raphinha fee  Minto told talkSPORT: "I would definitely go for Raheem Sterling. I think he would be a superb readymade signing. "I'd go for him over Raphinha. I'm not quite sure where they are in levels there but it looks like Raphinha is the one Chelsea are chasing right now, but I'd go for Sterling. "Because you know what you're getting, he does what it says on the tin. I think he's just a little bit below world class. "World class for me, if you had a world XI, would he get in there? I think he's just probably a little bit below that but he shows world class touches, games, moments. DON'T MISSArsenal make Serge Gnabry transfer decision after missing out on RaphinhaTottenham ridiculed over Richarlison transfer as new signing compared to Teemu PukkiChelsea could deal Arsenal huge transfer blow as Thomas Tuchel 'prepares £60m bid'  "And in terms of the Premier League, you can't prove anymore than he's already done. So I would go all out for him even if you overpay." Meanwhile, former England winger Trevor Sinclair has questioned the reaction of supporters of both City and Chelsea regarding a potential move for Sterling. Sinclair said: “Some Man City fans seem to be happy to let him go. “To those I would say: be careful what you wish for. Some Chelsea fans are not having him and I’m like, ‘Give your head a wobble!’ “His pace is ridiculous and it’s something you can’t coach. Man City didn’t really have pace in their forward lines. “He’s always fit, never gets injured, always available. He has unbelievable resilience, the way he bounces back from disappointments, you hear it from managers past and present that he has a fantastic work ethic in training. “And he’s got experience now. 339 games at Man City, 131 goals, 95 assists – that’s 226 goal involvements, that’s consistency."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here