Former Strictly Come Dancing professional Oti Mabuse was invited onto Tuesday's instalment of The One Show where she discussed choreographing The Cher Show. While opening up about her love of Cher's countless pop hits, the 31-year-old admitted she's concerned she has been annoying the cast and director Arlene Phillips. Oti is the choreographer for the musical which follows the life story of the "Goddess of Pop" using songs she has performed over the decades. However, the two-time Strictly winner revealed she has been struggling with an ongoing issue. She explained: "For me, this is the first big musical I have got to choreograph. "But Arlene Phillips sometimes looks at me like, 'Can you just keep quiet for one minute?'" READ MORE: Carol Vorderman distracts fans with 'annoying' habit Oti said former Strictly judge Arlene has not appeared very impressed by her compulsion to sing along to Cher's hits. "I'm singing along the whole time," Oti added. "Cher has such incredible music and our age differences are so different but I still love her music. "I remember when I started dancing as a child I used to listen to her music and my first dances were to [her songs]." Oti then started singing Strong Enough by Cher as she was being interviewed on The One Show.  Host Alex Jones asked if Oti could belt out the song at full volume, but the dancer replied: "No because you know there are millions of people watching this and I don't want them to switch off." When asked if she wanted to be part of the musical rather than choreographing it, Oti confessed: "I feel like I should be but in reality, people are saying, 'Oti, please stop singing, stop it.' "I wish I could stop but I can't." The South African dancer started working on The Cher Show in March and was researching the singer's life. DON'T MISS...Oti Mabuse flaunts long legs in skintight lacy dress at Wimbledon [PICTURES]‘Oh my God!’ Oti Mabuse suffers wardrobe malfunction on stage [LATEST]Oti Mabuse puts on busty display after ‘tearing up’ over 28GG boobs [INSIGHT] "You really get to know her," she added. "You experience the struggles, the highs and the lows. "But at the end, you get this massive Cher mash-up and everybody gets to dance because the production is big, the costumes are amazing and the cast is amazing." The performers have been touring since April and Oti described them as a "brilliant group" who work extremely hard. Three West End stars play Cher in the production throughout different stages of the singer turned Oscar winner's extraordinary life.  A statement from The Cher Show's website reads: "In a dazzling glitter fest sparkling with Cher’s signature wit and style, you’ll be spinning in the aisles to the sounds of her biggest hits, including If I Could Turn Back Time, Strong Enough, Gypsies Tramps and Thieves, The Shoop Shoop Song, I Got You Babe, and Believe." Oti has been focusing on the musical since announcing she was leaving Strictly Come Dancing after seven years. The dancer, who was a firm favourite among Strictly fans, made the announcement on social media in February. The One Show airs on weekdays at 7pm on BBC One. 