Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel has spoken to Presnel Kimpembe on the phone in an attempt to convince him to join the Blues this summer, according to reports. Kimpembe has reportedly emerged as a priority target for Chelsea at centre-back following the capture of Napoli stalwart Kalidou Koulibaly, who is set to undergo a medical in west London on Thursday. Talks are said to be underway between Chelsea and Paris Saint-Germain regarding the availability of Kimpembe, who is said to be free to leave if the right offer is tabled before the start of next season. He played under Tuchel's guidance during the latter's time in charge of the French giants and has already been in contact with the Chelsea manager to discuss a move to Stamford Bridge over the last few days, according to Foot Mercato.It is claimed that Tuchel spoke to Kimpembe on the phone for 'several minutes' in order to explain how the defender would fit into his first-team project at Chelsea next season. The Blues are said to be eyeing the 26-year-old as a left-sided centre-back to play alongside Koulibaly when the new Premier League campaign gets underway in early August.However, it remains to be seen whether Kimpembe will eventually be tempted to push for a summer move to Chelsea in the not-too-distant future. He is said to feel extremely settled in Paris, where he has spent the entirety of his professional career, and dreams of winning the Champions League with his current side at some point further down the line. Juventus have also been credited with a desire to land Kimpembe in recent months but his willingness to stay at PSG suggests that it would take some convincing to prise him away from the Ligue 1 champions over the coming weeks. Chelsea boss Tuchel, meanwhile, has already underlined his desire to snap up a number of pre-season reinforcements in order to achieve his goals in addition to the signings of Koulibaly and Raheem Sterling, who joined the Blues from Manchester City earlier this week."The stakes are high and we’re competing not only against the best teams who have ever played in the Premier League but also the best coaches," the German manager told reporters. "We come from sanctions, we come from losing top-quality players, key players, we are a club in transition, in transition of ownership, we were behind in the transfer race and we were behind in the table. So we have things to improve."The signing of Raheem shows what we’re capable of doing, it shows the ambition of the club and the ownership and it’s good because we’re all here to win and compete."We love to compete and we love the challenge at the very top. For that we need signings of new quality players or otherwise there’s no chance." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here