But in any leadership election there are always other winners, and we are already seeing who they are. In some cases they are people many of the public may not have known that well or even at all. While it was anticipated from the beginning of the election that the three contenders likely to get the most votes were Rishi Sunak, Penny Mordaunt and Liz Truss, some people may have been surprised by how strong Penny’s vote has been from the start – there is no doubt that whatever the final result, she has been a winner in this contest. But underneath those top three, the showing of Kemi Badenoch, Tom Tugendhat and Suella Braverman has highlighted the depth of talent that exists on the Conservative benches in Parliament. This trio have been hugely impressive in this election, and all three have massively enhanced their reputation with colleagues, members and the public at large. They have more than helped to make this one of the most exciting and competitive leadership elections we have ever witnessed. There is no doubt that all the candidates in the contest have a huge role to play in the next Conservative administration, and I think everyone can already see that the incoming government will be more than a match for Keir Starmer’s team of invisible nonentities on the benches opposite.No matter who emerges as the Prime Minister, there will be many winners – the Conservative Party being the biggest of all.One final thing – of the final six candidates in the race, four were women and three were from an ethnic minority. And that happened on merit and merit alone, with no quotas and no positive discrimination to be seen. The politically correct brigade and the Labour Party should take note.Let’s hope choosing people on merit is a big winner from this contest too. I was out with friends recently when one asked for a burger, medium rare. It had made me smile as he’d tried to become a vegan in lockdown only to find too many chickpeas and vegetables didn’t agree with him, so he had returned to his meat-eating ways in a big way.The waitress informed him the burger had to be well done due to Westminster Council rules. Philip, my husband, who can’t bear nanny-state interventionism instantly said “ridiculous”. Surely, he said, if he wants a medium rare burger he should he able to have one. As Philip orders very well done (cremated) burgers, he’d never encountered this before and I had to inform him that this busy-bodying isn’t new.It doesn’t make it right, and surely it is crazy you can’t buy a medium-rare burger fearing what you might consume, but council officials are content to let you buy processed takeaway foods and ready meals stuffed with chemicals.Philip is still fuming about what he calls “yet another triumph for the nanny state”. One unacceptable impact of Covid was GPs turning patients away. Amelia Ellerby, who had pleaded to see her GP for more than a year, tragically died of cancer recently, aged just 19.This is not the first instance of cancer going undiagnosed or a family left brokenhearted as GPs avoided seeing patients in lockdown. And with junior doctors planning a summer of industrial action, it won’t be the last.Is it really too much to ask for a sick patient to see a doctor? Thank goodness for the women’s national football team this summer. Their 8-0 thrashing of Norway last Monday, following on from the 1-0 victory over Austria in their Euro 2022 group stage opener last week, has got us thinking football could be coming home after all.We’ve seen many a false dawn with the men but I reckon the women’s team are going to go all the way. Here’s hoping. The Roe v Wade judgment sent the women’s movement back 50 years when it removed their constitutional right to an abortion.Women born as men can compete against and beat women, and that’s viewed as fair by the PC brigade. And in politics, the Labour Party still seem unable to define what a woman is.