Cameron Smith has followed through on his pledge to find out how many beers fit inside the Claret Jug from his celebrations after winning The Open in historic fashion on Sunday. Smith was part of the chasing pack heading into the final round with Rory McIlroy and Viktor Hovland leading the way. Smith and Cameron Young were in the group teeing off just before McIlroy and Hovland and the duo quickly turned up the heat on the leading pair. Hovland's title chances soon diminished while McIlroy's putts just weren't dropping for him. In contrast, Smith was finding his rhythm and shot up the leaderboard with five consecutive birdies to start the back nine. Young's eagle putt on the 18th threatened a potential play-off between the pair, but Smith expertly dealt with his own birdie putt to win his first ever major. He beat Tiger Woods' St Andrews record by finishing at 20-under for the Open Championship. Just hours after his win, Smith was on the balcony of the R&A Clubhouse guzzling down a drink as his celebrations got underway.  When asked how he plans to celebrate his triumph, Smith looked at the Claret Jug and said: “I am definitely going to find out how many beers fit in this thing, that’s for sure.” Smith was then asked in his press conference how much the famous Claret Jug will manage to hold, to which he replied: "I'm going to guess two, two cans of beer." The Aussie clearly didn't feel that was enough as he later joked: "I'll probably have about 20 Claret Jugs. "I'm not sure, mate. To be honest, I'm really tired. It's been a long week, so I'd be surprised if I make it past 10:00 or 11:00 tonight."  But Smith followed through on his promise to see how much the Claret Jug could in fact hold. He posted an update on his Instagram story addressing his comments the previous day about his plans to drink beers directly from the Claret Jug. He said: "Hey guys, I guess everyone's been asking the question of how many beers fit in the Claret Jug. It's pretty much exactly two. Yeah, had a good night last night." His celebrations may well go a long way too having won a cool $2.5million for his first ever major having also taken home $3.6m for winning the Players Championship earlier this year.