Nick Kyrgios and Rafael Nadal aren't far away from potentially meeting in the semi-finals of Wimbledon and the pair were in close proximity on the practice courts on Sunday. Kyrgios came through a fiery affair with Stefanos Tsitsipas to reach the last-16 of Wimbledon at the weekend. Nadal also wasn't fully comfortable in his victory over Lorenzo Sonego, with the pair exchanging words at the net after the match. The Spaniard is back in action today against No 21 seed Botic van de Zandschulp as he continues to battle for the Calendar Slam. That match is scheduled to be last on Centre Court with Kyrgios opening play on the big stage against American Brandon Nakashima. The pair have never met before in their careers with Nakashima through to the fourth round of a major for the first time in his career. Kyrgios is also aiming to reach the quarter-finals of a major for the first time since 2015. All players will be honing their craft on the practice courts ahead of their matches. JUST IN: Nadal sends six-word message to Sainz after British Grand Prix victory  And those in attendance at Aorangi Park on Sunday were in for a treat when both Nadal and Kyrgios were put in the same slot extremely close to each other. The Australian has not always used his allotted time slot on the practice courts, either leaving early or arriving late. Meanwhile, Nadal has been like clockwork most days, utilising all the time he has available on the practice courts. Kyrgios's girlfriend, Costeen Hatzi, has been a regular feature alongside the Aussie on the practice courts throughout the week. DON'T MISS  And the pair even enjoyed a light-hitting session during Sunday's practice and Kyrgios found it hilarious that Nadal was just two courts away watching on. Hatzi posted a clip of them to her Instagram story and Kyrgios was heard saying: "You need to focus now next to Nadal." And Kyrgios posted the video onto his own Instagram story with the caption: "Haha @RafaelNadal was impressed." Kyrgios has been in a relationship with Hatzi since late 2021 and the pair have been inseparable at every tournament the 27-year-old has played. She's been a staple in Kyrgios' player box and he credited Hatzi as the main reason for his Australian Open doubles victory earlier this year. “None of it would have happened without her to be honest,” Kyrgios said.