PS Plus Premium and Extra only launched in the UK a few weeks ago, but already the signs for the revamped PlayStation Plus are extremely promising. After launching with a huge library of hundreds of games that included Death Stranding, Spider-Man, Red Dead Redemption 2 and much more, the first big update to the PS Plus Premium and Extra library came in July when Stray, Final Fantasy 7 Remake Intergrade and Assassin's Creed Unity were among the games added to the PS Plus Premium and Extra library. And just this week Sony has confirmed that eight Yakuza games will be heading to PS Plus Premium and Extra in the future. The entire Kazuma Kiryu saga along with Yakuza: Like A Dragon is heading to PS Plus, with four of these games getting added to the PS Plus Premium and Extra libraries in August. But does Sony have any more games that will be coming to PS Plus Premium and Extra in August? And if that's the case when will the PS5 and PS4 makers reveal this news? Well, as we said PS Plus Premium and Extra is still in its early days, but if the news cycle is anything like PS Plus Essential (formerly known as just PS Plus) we could see the new monthly line-up for PS Plus Premium and Extra announced at a specific point each month. For years now Sony has stuck to a very specific schedule when announcing and releasing games for what is now known as PS Plus Essential. The reveal of the new PS Plus line-up of free games is almost always announced on the final Wednesday of each month, with these games becoming available to download the following Tuesday. July was the first month that Sony had new line-ups for both PS Plus Essential and the new Premium and Extra tiers. Like clockwork, the final Wednesday of June saw the PS Plus July 2022 line-up with these new free downloadable games - Crash Bandicoot 4: It’s About Time, Man of Medan and Arcadegeddon - available to download the following Tuesday. Going into July 2022 PS Plus fans already knew that Stray - the futuristic cat indie game which has become an internet sensation overnight - was going to be released on PS Plus day one on July 15. But we didn't know if any other games were heading to PS Plus Premium and Extra in July. Sony ended up confirming the full PS Plus July 2022 line-up on Wednesday July 13 before these games were added to the PS Plus Premium and Extra libraries on Friday July 15. It remains to be seen if Sony follows a similar pattern in July when it comes to revealing the August 2022 PS Plus Premium and Extra games. But, seeing that the new monthly PS Plus games have been revealed and released according to a strict schedule for years, it wouldn't be a surprise to see PS Plus Premium and Extra follow in a similar suit. If that's the case we could see the PS Plus Premium and Extra August 2022 line-up get revealed on the second Wednesday of the month (August 10) followed by a release on the second Friday of the month (August 12).