The Arsenal hierarchy have emphatically heeded the transfer warning that Mikel Arteta gave them back in 2020 - but the onus is now on the Spaniard to deliver a top-four finish this year. The Gunners were the biggest spenders in the Premier League last summer, but failed to clinch a spot in the Champions League. Arsenal have spent big again this year, with the £45million deal to bring Gabriel Jesus to the club coming just weeks after Fabio Vieira arrived in a surprise £34m switch. And with more new signings expected to follow, the Gunners have certainly granted Arteta's wish in the transfer market after he called on them to invest heavily in the playing squad to make a return to the Champions League possible. Speaking back in 2020, Arteta said: “[It gets] harder and harder, because that’s obviously something that has to feed each other. If you are not in the Champions League and you say: ‘OK, I don’t invest because I don’t have the financial ability to do it,’ but the other clubs invest, then the gap becomes bigger. "If I do want to invest and risk, and then I don’t reach it, what happens? So at some stage you have to make a decision: whether I want to aim to make that gap closer and go for it, or I stay where I am.” READ MORE: Juventus pick preferred Chelsea player for Matthijs de Ligt swap deal Arsenal's owners, the Kroenke family, have come in for some stinging criticism from fans in recent years, but Arteta has been backed handsomely by the club hierarchy over the past 12 months. The Gunners have invested heavily in top, young talent over the past three transfer windows, and they almost bagged an instant reward when Arteta's new-look side came agonisingly close to ending their multi-year exile from the Champions League last term. Although last season can be considered a success given that Arsenal were not expected to challenge for a place in the upper echelons of the Premier League, the pressure will be on Arteta if that investment fails to translate into European football and an improved finish this year. READ MOREChelsea 'receive response' from Juventus after 'offering two players' for Matthijs de LigtMan Utd hatch Frenkie de Jong announcement plan as transfer deal enters 'final stages'Tottenham on verge of fourth and fifth signings following double transfer breakthrough After being backed to the tune of more than £200m, Arteta's rebuilding project has to start bearing fruit. The Spaniard and his new-look side simply have to gatecrash the top-four this year - or his position could seriously come under threat. Theoretically, that shouldn't be a problem for the Arsenal man after his side came so close to achieving that remit last season. The lack of an elite No.9 had a detrimental impact on the Londoners over the course of the season, but after acquiring the services of Jesus, Arteta should now have resolved that problem once and for all. The big-money deal for the Brazilian striker has to represent the final piece of the jigsaw for Arteta - because it's unlikely he'll be able to reinvest as heavily as he has over the past 12 months if the Gunners continue to toil outside of Europe's premier competition.