The UK’s political landscape is in turmoil following the resignation of Prime Minister Boris Johnson, with a number of Conservative MP’s looking to step up and take charge of the country. Alistair Lindsay, Chief Operating Officer at Zeus Labs, said the “volatile political climate” could not come at a worse time for drivers. Speaking to Express.co.uk, he said: “The logistics industry has taken bullet after bullet, from the aftermath of Brexit and coronavirus to skyrocketing inflation and record fuel prices. “Now more than ever, the logistics industry needs strong and stable leadership. “We ask that the Government continue to push forward with policy changes and focus on the haulage sector and fuel costs. “We need to ensure that our road freight sector, which is vital for economic growth, does not get forgotten over the next few months.” READ MORE: Simple way drivers can save money on fuel by adjusting their windows He added that the haulage industry - which is made up primarily of small owner-operators with 10 or fewer HGVs - is particularly vulnerable. The fuel price crisis has caused many businesses to see their profit margins shrink, with the ability to attract new recruits leading to an unprecedented shortage of drivers. A survey from the Road Haulage Association found that there is a shortage of more than 100,000 qualified drivers in the UK. Even before the coronavirus pandemic, the overall estimated shortage was about 60,000 drivers. DON'T MISSUK drivers warned of rip-off parking prices at seaside destinations [WARNING]‘Incredibly dangerous’ fuel-saving tips drivers should avoid [DANGER]Almost half of local authorities unprepared for electric car switch [SHOCKING] Mr Lindsay added: “Urgent action is desperately needed for these companies, who are the backbone of our consumer-driven economy. “The new PM and their cabinet need to take immediate steps to increase the fuel rebate to alleviate short-term pressure. “At the same time, they need to set realistic longer-term targets to wean the sector from its fossil fuel dependency and move towards sustainable growth. “This can include incentives to support hauliers in what can be an expensive move towards alternative fuels, hybrids, and fully electric vehicles.” While the price of fuel has fallen slightly in recent weeks, many are still concerned about mounting costs. The average petrol price stands at 190.65p per litre with diesel drivers paying an average of 198.42p per litre, according to RAC Fuel Watch. Many businesses have reported experiencing problems when looking to upgrade their fleets, particularly to zero emission vehicles. One potential solution could be the EV Charging Infrastructure Fund which would unlock the resources needed to get a national charging network up and running. This would be a key step to give businesses and individual drivers the confidence to invest in electric vehicles if they do not have readily available access to charging stations at home or work. Alistair Lindsay said a few key steps would help the industry get “back on track” amid the political instability. He continued, saying: “Another priority action should be expanding training opportunities to attract more recruits. “The new Transport Bill should be revisited to ensure it is not lowering standards for new drivers, but instead mandating more state-funded HGV driving programmes. “The new PM and their cabinet should also create a bursary to support small hauliers in hiring trainees and pass regulations to ensure insurance companies don’t adversely penalise those fleets owners with young drivers. “This would contribute towards stabilising and future-proofing the industry for generations to come – and put us back on track towards a more promising economic future.”