Cristiano Ronaldo would be a better signing for Chelsea than Raheem Sterling, according to former Arsenal and Liverpool winger Jermaine Pennant. Chelsea are closing in on a deal for Manchester City star Sterling but are also interested in Ronaldo. The Manchester United superstar wants to leave this summer. Chelsea's new owner Todd Boehly has held talks with the player's agent regarding his availability. Boehly is thought to be more infused by the idea of signing Ronaldo than Blues boss Thomas Tuchel. Sterling is the German's No 1 attacking target and a £45million deal is edging closer. But the departure of Romelu Lukaku, who has returned to Inter Milan on loan, leaves Chelsea short of options at No 9. Lukaku was the top scorer at Stamford Bridge last season which shows how much Tuchel's side struggled in front of goal. Transfer news LIVE: Ronaldo offered to Barcelona, third Man Utd deal ordered, Arsenal blow  Pennant believes the priority for Chelsea must be to sign a striker because they already have players of a similar ilk to Sterling. And he reckons Ronaldo should be the chosen candidate. Pennant told talkSPORT: "It's a tough one because you've got what you got. You know the rumours that [Hakim] Ziyech might be going, you got [Christian] Pulisic. "They're all similar, [Mason] Mount similar players like Sterling. And I think what you missed massively last season was goals. "So if you've got a Ronaldo who was, it is fair to say, in a bang-average United team and scored 18 plus goals, him in your team, even if he got the same amount, it will go a long way and it will take you up a different gear. DON'T MISSManchester United boss Erik ten Hag now has his very own Wayne RooneyPaulo Dybala 'evaluating' Man Utd transfer as Inter Milan stance gives Erik ten Hag boostMan Utd could do four swap deals for Cristiano Ronaldo including Chelsea trade  "So I know he's 37, but just look at the numbers and the goals. I think Ronaldo would be a better signing than Sterling." Both Chelsea and United are yet to make any signings so far this summer. Chelsea are in the market for defenders following the departures of Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen. However, Tuchel's pursuit of Sterling and the reported interest in Ronaldo suggests he is keen to recruit up top too. Meanwhile, United are closing in on a deal for Holland left-back Tyrell Malacia. Malacia is set to become the first signing under new boss Erik ten Hag. Barcelona star Frenkie de Jong remains the top midfield target, while Ronaldo's desire to leave could spark interest in signing a new forward.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here