Jimmy Palmer (played by Brian Dietzen) has been on hand to provide medical analysis and a kind word or two to his NCIS colleagues since the end of season one. Having worked under Donald "Ducky" Mallard (David McCallum) for many years, Jimmy finally stepped up as chief medical examiner in 2018 as his teacher became the team's part-time historian. Unfortunately, Jimmy has experienced tragedy in recent years and needed his friends' support. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from NCIS.Jimmy was married to mortician Breena Palmer (Michelle Pierce) who initially connected thanks to their medical backgrounds. The happy couple tied the knot in 2012 and while there were some marital issues as Jimmy continued to work late, they were still very much in love. Sadly, his world was turned upside down when Breena caught Covid-19 off-screen. It was in season 18's The First Day that it was revealed she had died, leaving poor Jimmy a widower. READ MORE: Amanda Owen speaks out on new role ‘Jumped at the chance’ Before Breena died, she and Jimmy had one daughter together, Victoria, on February 3, 2015. In a touching tribute, she was named after Ducky's deceased mum Victoria Mallard, which left fans teary-eyed. Victoria had only been seen a small handful of times in the early days of her life with Breena taking care of her as Jimmy worked at NCIS. Fans were thrilled though when a seven-year-old Victoria made an appearance in season 19's The Helpers. Victoria (Elle Graper) was visiting NCIS headquarters to see where her dad worked and meet the rest of the team. Of course, it wasn't a relaxing day for either of them as Jimmy and Kasie Hines (Diona Reasonover) were exposed to a deadly bio-toxin. They had to isolate while the team tracked down a cure, with poor Victoria watching as her dad grew weaker. Thankfully, Jimmy and Kasie were saved and the former was reunited with his relieved daughter. DON'T MISS...Death in Paradise spin-off: Has filming started on Beyond Paradise? [FILMING]NCIS season 20 release date: When is NCIS back on? [RELEASE DATE]NCIS season 20: Torres star sparks frenzy as he teases ‘change'  [CAST] As of yet, it is unclear whether or not Victoria will be returning for more episodes. When asked by a fan earlier this month on Twitter, actor Dietzen simply replied: "Fingers crossed!" So while it isn't a definite yes, there is a chance viewers could be seeing more of Jimmy and Victoria together. There has been another storyline developing for Jimmy as well but this time, of a romantic nature. There has been plenty of flirting between the medical examiner and newcomer Jessica Knight (Katrina Law) in season 19. She even asked Jimmy to accompany her to a wedding and sparks flew when they kissed for the first time. This looks like the early days of a blossoming relationship but here's hoping Victoria will approve of the match. NCIS season 20 will premiere on Monday, September 19, on CBS in America. A UK release date hasn't been announced.