Kieran Taylor, 32, died from a bleed on the brain after being told he had a tumour pressing on his abdominal gland on July 9. The dad-of-three felt unwell and was rushed to hospital two days later. However, after leaving the hospital, Kieran was confused before being found unresponsive in his garden. According to his wife, Donna, she rushed home to find their neighbours giving him CPR. Donna Taylor, 35, told the Liverpool Echo: “The kids saw him lying there but they thought he was sunbathing because that is what he always did. I had to stand to the side of Kieran and tell them to go straight in." Kieran was put on a life support machine but the next day his liver and other organs started to fail. The doctors told Donna they could operate on him, but he would have no quality of life and so the decision was made to turn his life support machine off. Donna said: “He was too independent and he wouldn’t have wanted his kids to see him like that. The doctors came to the decision, after they asked us about what he was like as a person, to turn off the machines and see how he got on. “He went as soon as they turned the machine off.”  Kieran would have turned 33 this week and to celebrate, Donna and her children released balloons outside their home in his memory. She said: “The kids say, ‘every time we let a balloon off it goes to Daddy’. Willow tells people ‘Daddy is in heaven with the angels’. “Blake has been a bit quiet. He has been on and off. I’ve just been trying to tell them that they can talk about their dad and if they get upset or miss their dad, it is ok to cry.”  Kieran's tumour was caused by the genetic condition Neurofibromatosis 1 (NF1) that his daughter Willow and his son Blake both have. Kieran, originally from Preston but who was living in Walton, was a carer for his five-year-old son Blake who also suffers from sleep apnoea. He was a full-time dad looking after his four-year-old daughter Willow who has a tumour behind her left eye. He also leaves behind a third child named Bobby, who is seven.  Donna added: “He just got on with everyone and was very loving. He was very independent he wouldn’t let anyone help him out. He liked to do it all himself. He was a brilliant father and a loving husband.” Donna had to give up her job as a cleaner and become a full-time carer. The family have launched a fundraiser to help pay for the father’s funeral.   The fundraiser was organised by Donna’s sister-in-law Stephanie Jackson who has helped support the family. Kieran's funeral will be held on July 27 at Anfield Cemetery and Crematorium. 