Novak Djokovic will be on the hunt for a 21st Grand Slam trophy on Sunday when he takes on Nick Kyrgios in the Wimbledon final. The reigning champion has been in stellar form at SW19 over the last two weeks and could land the title for a fourth consecutive time if he gets the better of his rival. Djokovic began his Wimbledon defence on the opening day of the tournament as he saw off Kwon Soon-woo in four sets. The 35-year-old then dispatched Thanasi Kokkinakis in the second round and Miomir Kecmanovic in the third round without dropping a set. Djokovic’s fourth round clash saw him get the better of Tim van Rijthoven in four sets, before he fought back from two sets down to overcome talented youngster Jannik Sinner in the quarter-finals. And in the semi-finals, the veteran again came from behind to see off Great Britain’s Cameron Norrie in four sets. Kyrgios, meanwhile, needed five sets to beat Great Britain’s Paul Jubb in his first match of the tournament, before breezing past Filip Krajinovic in his second encounter. The fiery Australian then came out on top of a heated match with Stefanos Tsitsipas in the third round ahead of an epic five-set victory over Brandon Nakashima in the fourth round. JUST IN: Novak Djokovic raises retirement hint ahead of Nick Kyrgios showdown  The 27-year-old defeated Cristian Garin in straight sets in the quarter-finals and reached the showpiece event after his prospective opponent in the last four, Rafael Nadal, was forced to pull out with injury ahead of the encounter. The final is sure to be a scintillating affair at the All England Club. And Express Sport brings you the all-important details ahead of the match. What TV channel is Kyrgios vs Djokovic on? The Wimbledon men’s final will be screened live on BBC One, with coverage starting at 1pm. It can also be streamed live on the BBC iPlayer and the BBC Sport website. The match is available to watch for free for all UK viewers with a TV licence. DON'T MISS   What time does the match start? The Wimbledon men’s final is scheduled to take place on Centre Court and will get underway at 2pm. What odds are the bookmakers offering? Djokovic has not lost a match at SW19 for over five years. And, despite the fact he has never managed to get the better of Kyrgios, the Serbian is the big favourite to win the Wimbledon final. Betfair have priced Djokovic at 1/4 to win the showdown, while Kyrgios is priced at 11/4. 