Sue Barker has claimed that even Nick Kyrgios won’t know whether his antics will continue in the Wimbledon final against Novak Djokovic. The Australian has already received two fines for his outbursts at SW19 and his fiery attitude has come in for some criticism at the tournament. Five-time Wimbledon doubles winner Pam Shriver was alongside Barker and expressed her delight that all corners of the world were represented at Wimbledon finals weekend, and that Kyrgios was there on behalf of Australia. “What I love is all the different continents represented in finals weekend,” Shriver said. “It’s something we have not seen a lot of. We have got Africa, we have got Australia and depending on where you put Kazakhstan you could say either Asia or Europe. “I would say of all the continents the fact that Nick Kyrgios is representing such a traditional tennis nation with all the great Australians that have won championships on this court, and he does it in his own special way and how will he behave tomorrow?” Barker replied: “I don’t think even he knows!” JUST IN: Rafael Nadal faces worst case scenario after Wimbledon injury Earlier this year Kyrgios hinted that he may play up against Djokovic, an opponent who has never taken a set off the Aussie in his career. "When I play Djokovic - the two times I've played him, I was talking during the entire change of ends," Kyrgios told the Turn Up The Talk podcast. "I was talking when we crossed paths, even to myself. "He would just look back and he'd be like, 'This guy has so many screws loose'. Just little things, if he missed the ball I'd be like, 'There it is'. He would side-eye me and I knew I was right where I wanted to be.  "If I don't do that, my chances of winning go down immensely. If I'm just trying to be professional and outclass him, it's not going to happen. Classy and Kyrgios don't go together. I know how to win." Kyrgios received a walkover following Rafael Nadal’s withdrawal from their semi-final due to an injury he aggravated in his quarter-final win over Taylor Fritz, and despite being able to enjoy the extra rest while Djokovic had to defeat Brit Cameron Norrie on Friday, he has been warned his adjusted schedule puts him at a disadvantage. "He's going to wake up,” former British No 1 John Lloyd told BBC Breakfast. “He's already said he had one night not having any sleep. I think not having the match [against Nadal], there's probably been too many days off and too much time to think about it. I hope he plays the way he can play because if that's the case we're going to have a spectacular final. It's box office, but it's tough to see beyond Novak."