Which candidate has the best chance of leading their party to victory against Labour, led by Sir Keir Starmer, when the next general election comes? And what should a Conservative government and Prime Minister aim to achieve in power? Conservative MPs are starting to form answers to the first question. Rishi Sunak, the former Chancellor, was the clear frontrunner within the Parliamentary party in last night’s vote. There are more ballots to come, but it seems likely he will enter the next stage of the contest, when party members are offered a choice between two candidates. It is unclear who he will be facing. Liz Truss, the Foreign Secretary, has been seen as a frontrunner for some time, but Trade Minister Penny Mordaunt came second in last night’s vote and her campaign has been buoyed by an opinion poll suggesting she is popular with party members. Both are compelling candidates who have the backing of heavyweight colleagues and have proven themselves in the past. It is encouraging to see the full diversity of the Conservative Party on display in this contest. A number of MPs from ethnic minority backgrounds have put themselves forward, as have many women. MPs will of course vote for candidates based on their merits, and it’s possible that they will choose Mr Sunak, the son of Indian parents who came to the UK via Kenya, and a female candidate.  The former Chancellor may come under particular scrutiny once party members are asked to cast their votes. He helped to lead the Government’s response to the Covid-19 crisis, and was widely praised for helping to keep the economy afloat and protecting jobs. More recently, he has received some criticism over his response to the cost of living crisis. The issue of tax, and whether increases to the tax burden were necessary, have emerged as a dividing line in this contest. This leads us to the second issue facing the Conservative Party. What is a Tory government for? There is clearly a desire to return to what might be seen as core Conservative values, and indeed all the candidates agree that the tax burden must be lowered, even if they disagree about when this should begin. But Conservatives must ensure they continue to earn the support of voters who delivered the party a stunning victory in 2019. That means protecting Brexit and ensuring that opportunities are available to people in every part of the country, including in those communities that Labour took for granted for decades.  