Deputy Labour leader Angela Rayner was put on the spot whether who will be replacing her and Labour Keir Starmer if they are found to have broken the law over Beergate. BBC presenter Naga Munchetty began by asking: "You'll be aware that in a time of instability and I think it is fair to say that there has been a time a political instability over the last 48 hours or so, process is important.  "So, you and obviously Keir Starmer, you are prepared that if, even if you don't think you are guilty you have not broken the law. "If you have what is the process in place? If you and Sir Keir Starmer have to resign who will be there in your place?" She also asked "how long before you go" should they indeed be issued a fine from Durham Police. Angela Rayner squirmed: "Well, we've got plenty of talent in the Labour Party. People have seen that - whether it's our frontbenchers and the people that are coming through the ranks, you know. "There's plenty of talent in the Labour Party", she repeated. "We're one team. And we have every confidence both myself and Keir that we won't be given the fixed penalty notice because we haven't broken the rules.   BBC's Naga Munchetty asked: "Is there a plan in place if you're guilty?" Ms Rayner continued: "And the different is we're getting on with the job, putting forward our ideas for both the cost of living crisis and the challenges that Britain faces at the moment. "And you know, there will be a plan. Nobody is indispensable as the Prime Minister has found out to his peril finally this week. "And the Labour party will be absolutely fine. Ms Munchetty then jumped in and asked: "So, you have a plan in place?" Ms Rayner persisted: "We're a government in waiting and we know what to do." READ MORE: Angela Rayner admits Labour 'still have a lot to do' "You have a plan in place," Ms Munchetty asked again. "We always have plans in place," Ms Rayner said. "You know, we're ready for a general election if they want to call one and we're ready to take on the job of governing the country. "And both myself and Keir, I think, have proven that since we toook over the leadership of the Labour Party." Mr Rayner added: "We've managed to earn respect back from the public and we'll continue to go on with the day job by making sure the ideas ofocus on them to challenge the cost-of-living crisis that they're facing at the moment." The Labour leader and his deputy were caught on camera drinking beer in an MP office while campaigning for the local elections in Durham at the height of the pandemic. At the time of the gathering, ban on indoor mixing between households were still in place. Both leaders have said they will step down if they are found guilty. DON'T MISS: Angela Rayner on spot over plans for her and Starmer to quit over fine [REPORT]Boris can't hang around like bad smell, he MUST GO - ANGELA RAYNER [COMMENT]Rayner shares picture of empty benches but this is how it really looks [REVEAL] Boris Johnson's resignation could give Labour a chance of winning the next General Election - or at least forming a coalition government, some experts argue. The next election is scheduled to be held by January 2025 unless the Conservative Party decides to call a snap election. Boris Johnson will stay in place as caretaker Prime Minister until the Conservative Party elects a new party leader - that is expected in Autumn. But there are growing signs his own party wants him out before then. And Mr Starmer has made clear the Labour party would hold a confidence vote against the Prime Minister to get him out of power as soon as possible. The 1922 Committee will set up a timeline for the Conservative leadership contest next week. READ NEXT:Rayner sparks fury as she slams Johnson for Pincher appointmentAngela Rayner takes savage swipe at Sir Keir Starmer on 'authenticityStarmer WILL resign if found to have breached Covid rulesKeir Starmer and Angela Rayner told 'show integrity' over beergateKeir Starmer and Angela Rayner take part in London's Pride parade