Raphinha will reportedly train alone as Leeds jet off their pre-season tour of Australia later this week, as the transfer saga involving the Brazilian rumbles on. Arsenal and Chelsea are both trying to strike a deal for the wantaway star, but Raphinha is set to bide his time making a decision in the hope that a dream switch to Barcelona materialises. Although Raphinha is keen to move on from Elland Road this summer, the 25-year-old seemingly has no appetite to agree to a move to one of Leeds' top-flight rivals - and that could mean the winger's future is in limbo until later this summer as Barcelona continue to flirt with a move for the Whites' talisman. According to a new report from SPORT, Raphinha is set to 'train alone' while the rest of the Leeds squad embark on their pre-season tour of Australia on July 10. Raphinha is currently on holiday after featuring in Brazil's most recent round of international fixtures and is set to return just two days after the Whites jet off on their pre-season tour. However, Raphinha will prepare for the new campaign alone while his future is thrashed out. READ MORE: Chelsea target Koulibaly opens door to deal amid De Ligt frustrations Barcelona are known to be keen admirers of Raphina, who has been a huge hit since joining Leeds from Rennes back in the summer of 2020. The winger notched 11 Premier League goals last year and played an integral role in the Whites retaining their top-flight status. Barcelona's financial issues have been well-documented and they have so far failed to put together a financial package that meets Leeds' reported £60m valuation of Raphinha. However, the report claims that the Spanish giants are 'confident' that they can afford to sign the attacker - even if they agree terms on a blockbuster new deal with Ousmane Dembele. DON'T MISS...De Jong to Man Utd delay explained with Barcelona facing £17m problemChelsea could still sign De Ligt as Bayern firm on transfer refusalMan Utd 'improve Antony transfer bid' as star eyed to replace Ronaldo Dembele's contact at the Camp Nou officially expired at the end of last month, but Barcelona are still desperately trying to convince the Frenchman to commit his long-term future to the club. The 25-year-old signed for Barca in a club-record £126m deal back in the summer of 2017 and is being chased by a host of top European clubs, including Chelsea, after his terms in Spain expired. Dembele would be able to bank a sizeable signing-on fee and lucrative wages as he is available to move on a free transfer. However, Barcelona have not given up hope of retaining Dembele's services, with club president Joan Laporta confirming earlier this week that the club have tabled one last contract offer to the winger.