Romantic drama Virgin River is returning to Netflix in a matter of days, continuing the various storylines that were left unfinished by the end of season three. Starring Martin Henderson and Alexandra Breckenridge as Jack Sheridan and Mel Monroe respectively, the series has become a global hit since it first premiered three years ago. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about watching Virgin River season four. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Virgin River.Virgin River was last seen in July 2021 and now there isn't too long to wait before the drama makes a comeback. Season four will be making its debut on Wednesday, July 20, on Netflix. Much like previous series and various other Netflix shows, Virgin River season four is going to be released in one go. So there will be no need to wait weeks later to find out how it concludes. READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes slams 'hypocritical' Prince Harry over climate change But what does make series four stand out among its past seasons is the number of episodes. Up until now, all three Virgin River series have consisted of 10 instalments each. However, season four will be breaking the mould as there will be 12 episodes coming out. While there are two more episodes to look forward to, the running time of each instalment remains the same at 45 minutes each. Season three of Virgin River ended with various cliffhanger moments, the first of which revolved around Preacher (played by Colin Lawrence). He was acting as Paige's (Lexa Doig) son Christopher's (Chase Petriw) guardian when she went on the run. But he was tricked into meeting an associate of her ex-husband Wes (Steve Bacic) to meet in the woods and was poisoned. This meant Wes' brother Vince (Steve Bacic) was able to take Christopher while Preacher was left for dead. DON'T MISS...BBC Breakfast viewers switch off over heatwave coverage 'Pathetic' [REACTION]Virgin River season 4 theory: Mel arrested over tragic baby decision [THEORY]Virgin River season 4 theory: Lizzie and Ricky split sealed  [SPOILER] There is, of course, the matter of Jack and Mel who discovered she was pregnant. Nothing is ever plain sailing in Virgin River though as Mel admits to Jack she doesn't know who the father is. When they briefly broke up, Mel used her last round of IVF treatment she had been using with her late husband Mark (Daniel Gillies). When she returned to Virgin River, Mel got back with Jack and slept together so who is the daddy? Thankfully, there will be plenty more to come, even after season four is over. Virgin River was given a double renewal when series three finished last year. Filming on season five has recently begun and is expected to come out in the summer of 2023. Virgin River season four premieres on Wednesday, July 20, on Netflix.