The measure came into force on Thursday, after a new borough-wide Dog Control Public Space Protection Order (PSPO) was approved by Rushcliffe Borough Council. The borough council, located south of the city of Nottingham, announced that dog owners will now be fined if they are unable to show a poo bag when stopped by patrols. Moreover, the council said that “regular patrols” carried out by teams of contractors, wearing uniforms and body cameras, will be checking on dog owners and issuing them fines, if necessary. The council said: “Dog owners in Rushcliffe must now carry a bag or have other means to pick up dog waste after their pet when taking them for a walk or face a possible £100 fine, if unable to produce one on request as part of new powers.” The council clarified that, initially, the focus will be on engaging and educating dog owners on their responsibilities, while responding to complaints in hotspot areas. Fines will be issued but offenders will be offered a reduced sum if they pay early. The measure follows consultations in which over 700 residents of the borough “overwhelmingly” supported the rules, the council said. With the new rules, dogs will also be banned from children's play areas, multi-use games areas, skate parks and gym equipment zones. The council stressed: “Dog fouling on public footpaths and playing fields can cause many problems and in the worst cases can lead to blindness due to an infection called toxocariasis caused by the round worm Toxocara Canis found in dog faeces.” Mixed reactions by residents of the borough were received when the council announced the news on their Facebook page. READ MORE: Stark warning how dogs let owners know they're suffering in the heat Several people asked for more details on how the measure will be enforced, and how dog owners will be identified for the fines to be issued. To which the borough council replied: “Officers would ask for evidence of any bags and then request further information from an individual should they feel necessary.” Another resident wondered what would happen if they have just used their last bag, and the council replied: “Our contract teams are educating and chatting to dog owners in the first instance and fines will be administered only should they feel this is the necessary course of action.” Councillor Rob Inglis, Rushcliffe Borough Council’s Cabinet Portfolio Holder for Environment and Safety, commented on the new rules: “We’re aware the vast majority of dog owners take their responsibilities seriously and these new powers are there to tackle the minority who flout the rules including those who routinely don’t carry bags to clear up. DON'T MISS: Dog news: Dogs give Barking a bad name, as Birmingham tops listRottweiler that brutally killed chihuahua spared destruction orderTwo men banned from being anywhere in England and Wales with a dog “We are keen to protect residents from any of the issues dog fouling raises and the overwhelming support from stakeholders to last year’s consultations shows we have a strong mandate to educate further and take action. “The emphasis will be on engaging and educating dog owners and only applying fines where necessary. “Our message to all dog owners is to always carry bags to ensure you’re ready to do the right thing and always pick up after your pet.”