Liverpool's incomings may be done for the summer transfer window following the arrivals of Fabio Carvalho, Darwin Nunez and Calvin Ramsay but the pre-season friendlies will offer Jurgen Klopp a chance to decide on the futures of several players in his squad. Klopp used 32 players in Liverpool's opening pre-season friendly against Manchester United as they lost 4-0 in Bangkok. With all the changes that were made throughout the match, it was difficult for all players to build up momentum as Erik ten Hag opted to stick with the same line-up for most of the game. Klopp was frustrated over a number of "mistakes" his side made throughout the match that gifted United goals. With just a few weeks now until the start of the Premier League season - and a Community Shield contest with Manchester City at the end of the month - Liverpool will need to iron out those mistakes quickly. Klopp will also be more likely to try out his favoured starting line-up on a regular basis as the season-opener against Fulham draws closer. Today's match against Palace, who arrive in Singapore with a depleted squad, offers Klopp a good opportunity to test a few different line-ups. And some of the fringe players will likely be given more minutes as the Liverpool boss whittles down his options for the new year, with the clash against Palace offering Klopp another chance to help make his mind up over four players.  Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain is still attracting plenty of interest from several Premier League clubs with his future at Anfield up in the air. Like everybody else in Liverpool's squad, the 28-year-old had a fleeting appearance against United. He struggled for minutes last season as Liverpool battled on all four fronts and was left out of the matchday squad in the Premier League for seven of their final eight matches. Oxlade-Chamberlain will want more minutes promised at Liverpool heading into next season and his versatility in playing in midfield or attack would be useful for Klopp if injuries take their toll on his squad. But this summer will also be the final chance for Liverpool to try and get a transfer fee for Oxlade-Chamberlain with his contract set to expire in 2023. Defensive duo Nat Phillips and Rhys Williams will also face questions over their futures at Anfield after featuring for Liverpool against United. DON'T MISS  They both struggled to cope with United's attack when called upon and are far down Klopp's list of central defenders with Joe Gomez, Ibrahima Konate, Joel Matip and Virgil van Dijk ahead of them. Of all the youth players that featured against United, right-back Isaac Mabaya arguably impressed the most in his short time on the pitch. The 17-year-old has been a part of Liverpool's academy since the age of six and traditionally plays as a midfielder. He's only just become a regular in the under-18 side at Anfield and could look for regular professional football elsewhere to improve his chances of breaking into Klopp's squad in the future. After Ramsey's arrival, Mabaya may struggle to find minutes at right-back this season at Anfield.