The final two Conservative leadership contenders will face each other another three times in live televised debates over the coming days. A long-established practice in the US and elsewhere, they are a relatively new phenomenon in the UK. After decades of being discredited for their unconstitutionality, shunned by risk-averse politicians and cancelled due to broadcasting disagreements, British voters now have ample opportunity to watch their representatives battle it out live. However, with the exchanges widely viewed as a chance for contenders to make personal digs, the debates are increasingly seen by many to be little more than political theatre.  The rise of commercially available televisions in the second half of the 20th century provided a unique opportunity for mass audiences to see and judge those elected to govern them. John F. Kennedy and Richard Nixon were the first, going head-to-head during the 1960 US presidential election, drawing in 70 million viewers. The British political class were more reluctant, however, with Prime Minister Sir Alec Douglas-Home, during the 1964 general election, refusing a televised debate challenge by Harold Wilson, who as Prime Minister declined a similar offer from Edward Heath in 1970. The main objection was on constitutional grounds, as a US presidential-style debate was deemed  inappropriate in a parliamentary democracy. But it has been argued that many simply feared the risk a live contest bore to the polls.   Overseas, televised debates were catching on, pitting leaders of West Germany’s various political factions against one another in 1972, as well as French presidential hopefuls Valéry Giscard d’Estaing and François Mitterand in 1974, a contest that drew in 25 million viewers or half of the population of France at the time. As the 20th century was drawing to a close, just as a debate seemed likely for the 1997 general election featuring Prime Minister John Major and opposition leader Tony Blair, plans were scrapped as producers vied for complete format control to maximise viewing appeal. Ahead of the 2001 general election, all broadcasters agreed to a concerted take-it-or-leave-it format which was approved by the Conservatives and Liberal Democrats but rejected by Labour. Later, during the 2005 general election, although Tony Blair refused to take part in a face-to-face televised debate, he and the other major party leaders faced questions from audience members individually during a special BBC Question Time debate.  READ MORE: BBC TV licence fee defence sparks backlash as Brits demand change  At long last, in 2010 an agreement between the BBC, ITV and Sky was reached to host one debate each featuring party leaders David Cameron, Nick Clegg and PM Gordon Brown. Despite protest and legal action from the excluded Scottish National Party (SNP) and Plaid Cymru, the first televised debate in British electoral history went ahead on April 15, 2010 in Manchester’s Granada Studios, to an audience of just under 10million. Although some, Mr Cameron included, claimed the debates overshadowed more traditional local campaigning, they were popular and well received. YouGov surveys after the election indicated more than three-quarters of respondents thought televised debates were a good idea going forward, cementing them as a regular feature of future general elections.  DON'T MISS:Harry and Meghan 'on course to cause as much trouble as possible' [EXCLUSIVE]National Grid takes emergency measures to boost EU gas supplies [INSIGHT]Elon Musk warned ‘Next SpaceX’ could come from UK [REVEAL]‘An expensive waste’ - A quarter of a million more Britons cancel TV [REPORT]  In 2014, a surge in support for the SNP in the aftermath of the Scottish independence referendum, and for UKIP as the party won the largest vote share and most seats in the European Parliament election, required a change of format. After Mr Cameron threatened to withdraw unless the Green Party was included in the 2015 general election debates – citing their outperformance of the Liberal Democrats in the European Parliament elections – broadcasters revised the format to allow UKIP, the SNP, Plaid Cymru and the Green Party to participate. During the 2017 snap election she herself called, Prime Minister Theresa May ruled out appearing in televised debates, sending then-Home Secretary Amber Rudd to stand in for her. Coming out on top after four televised debates to secure the Conservative Party leadership in July 2019, Boris Johnson became the first sitting Prime Minister to face the Leader of the Opposition in a live head-to-head in the run-up to the December general election.  The Hansard Society’s Audit of Political Engagement 2018 report found 74 percent of respondents relied on debates or interviews with party leaders to decide how to vote, more than any other means. Although praised for engaging voters that would typically not pay much attention to election campaigns, there is little evidence to suggest they improve the favourability or name-recognition of participants, or that they have increased turnout. The events themselves have also faced criticism for being popularity contests where important discussion gives way to personal attack, fuelling mistrust in the political class and degrading politics in general. Partly in order to address these issues, there have been calls for the creation of an independent commission to organise and oversee televised debates instead of relying on the will and coordination of political parties and broadcasters.  Conservative Party members casting their postal votes this summer will have had the opportunity to see the final pair spar live on the debate stage no less than five times. Foreign Secretary Liz Truss and former Chancellor Rishi Sunak clashed repeatedly during the two debates since the race to succeed Boris Johnson began, notably over tax policy. Having outlasted their rivals in successive ballots of Conservative MPs, the pair will now go head-to-head in a further three debates, the first of which at 9pm this evening on BBC One, followed by Tuesday July 26 on TalkTV and Thursday August 4 on Sky. Hustings will begin across the country from Thursday, July 28, and the winner and next Prime Minister will be announced on September 5. 