Temperatures have started to rise in many parts of the UK this week. With hotter weather expected to come, experts have shared advice for driving during the heatwave. National Highways shared advice for those getting behind the wheel in the coming days - where temperatures could hit as high as 40C. Mel Clarke, customer service director for operations at National Highways, stated: "It is crucial for everyone to plan their journey in advance, so they are better prepared for the hot weather." He explained there are some things to consider before setting off. "Simple steps such as taking bottles of drinking water with you are really important to help keep you and your passengers hydrated, as well as checking your vehicle before you travel, including tyres, oil and coolant levels," the expert continued. READ MORE: The 'simple way' drivers can save money on fuel - air con and windows Make important checks Before travelling, drivers should check their car is in working order. It is important to check oil and tyres. Such checks should also be extended to any caravans or trailers that will be towed. National Highways experts explained this includes checking the vehicle is fit for the journey and looking up what weather is expected on your route.  Drivers should aim to avoid travelling during times that are predicted to be particularly hot. Take regular breaks Those behind the wheel should also take regular breaks to ensure they stay fit to drive. Taking breaks can be just as important for the car than the driver. READ MORE: ‘A few easy tricks’ can save drivers hundreds of pounds on car issues Engines are at risk of overheating and may need time to cool off. The experts stated: "During particularly hot weather, make sure your engine stays within the normal operating temperature range. "If it begins to overheat, find somewhere safe to stop and allow it to cool down." Be prepared Drivers should be set up with anything they may need during the journey. This includes water to help them stay hydrated, and also sunglasses. Wearing sunglasses can be crucial on bright days. Glare from the roads can be dangerous as it can lower visibility and make driving difficult. However, National Highways experts suggested avoiding certain types of sunglasses. They said: "Avoid category four sunglasses – these have extremely dark lenses which let in very little light and are unsuitable for driving. "All sunglasses should be labelled with a category number."