Virgin Media is giving away free Google Nest Hubs - worth up to £220 - when new customers sign up to get a broadband, TV and phone bundle. The deal - which is only available until the end of Wednesday July 27 - is available on Virgin Media plans that cost as low as £33 a month. If this deal wasn't enough, Virgin Media has also scrapped its set-up fee which usually costs £35. Alternatively, if you don't want a Google Nest Hub for free you can get money to put towards your bill. There are two sets of freebies available - and which freebie you get will depend on which plan you get. If you choose the Virgin Media Big Bundle (£33 a month) or Big Bundle + Drama & Docs (£37.99 a month) you'll get either a Google Nest Hub Gen 2 (worth £89.99) or £75 bill credit. Both of these plans come with Virgin Media's M200 Fibre broadband (which boasts average download speeds of 213Mbps), unlimited weekend calls to landlines and Virgin Mobile numbers, plus Virgin Media TV. The Big Bundle offers access to over 100 channels, while Big Bundle + Drama & Docs will let you tune in to over 145 channels. Both of these plans, and all Virgin Media TV plans, offer access to the Virgin Media TV360 box- which lets you pause and rewind live television, set up series links so you never miss an episode of your favourite show, or access apps such as iPlayer, YouTube, Netflix and Prime Video all through your Virgin Media box. Virgin Media is also offering a Google Nest Hub Max (worth £219.99) or £150 bill credit with the Bigger Bundle, Bigger Bundle + Movies, Bigger Bundle + Sports, Biggest TV and Ultimate Volt plans. The Bigger Bundle (£45 a month), Bigger bundle + Movies (£62 a month) and Bigger Bundle + Sports (£72 a month) plans all come with the M100 fibre broadband - which offers average download speeds of 108Mbps - and unlimited weekend calls to landlines and Virgin Media mobiles. But the amount of TV channels you get will differ. With Bigger Bundle you'll get access to over 190 channels, Bigger Bundle + Movies will offer access to over 200 channels including Sky Cinema and Bigger Bundle + Sports offers access to over 195 channels including Sky Sports. All of these plans also offer access to BT Sport, so you'll be able to tune into Premier League, Champions League and Europa League football plus Ligue 1 and Series A matches, MotoGP, UFC, WWE and more. The Bigger Volt bundle - meanwhile - which costs £53 a month offers access to over 190 TV channels including BT Sport, M200 Fibre broadband, a 10GB O2 mobile SIM and unlimited weekend landline calls. The most expensive bundle which offers a free Google Nest Hub - the Ultimate Volt bundle - costs £85 a month. This is a full works package which offers access to Netflix, Sky Cinema, Sky Sports, BT Sports, unlimited landline calls and access to Virgin Media's Gig1 Fibre broadband. This gigabit capable broadband boasts average download speeds of 1,130Mbps - which would let you download a Blu-ray quality movie in around half a minute. In total you'll have access to over 230 TV channels when you sign up to the Ultimate Volt bundle.