Scott Mills recently revealed he would be leaving BBC Radio 1 after 24 years at the network to replace Steve Wright as part of a huge shake-up at the broadcaster. Scott is best known for a number of humorous segments, including Innuendo Bingo, with co-star Chris Stark who is also leaving the show. He has since admitted to "feeling weird" about the move but expressed he was "super proud". Addressing the news live on air on Monday afternoon, Chris said: "I feel very weird because I think when you sign up to Radio 1, you always know at some point you’re going to leave. "But I would have dealt on this if you told me back then that we would have done everything that we have got to do. I am super proud. "I don’t want to go too deep right now because there’ll be another time for that. But I am super proud of us. I’m super proud of you. So, it’s a whole mix of emotions. Scott continued: "I am so proud of you, and I’m so proud of what we have done together. Let’s not get emotional now, that’s for another time. But I’m feeling weird. READ MORE: BBC Breakfast viewers thrilled as they welcome back much-loved host "I’m also feeling a little bit in denial that this is actually happening, but apparently it is." Scott joined BBC Radio 1 back in 1998 and presented the breakfast show until 2004, after which he moved to a weekend slot for six months. Currently, he presents the Scott Mills show on Radio 1 between 1pm and 4pm, along with Chris, as well as The Official Chart Show on a Friday. The duo also admitted they don't know who would be replacing them as hosts but are set to find out live on air on Tuesday afternoon. On Friday, July 1, when the news was announced of their departure, Scott said: "Time actually does fly when you’re having fun, and that’s certainly been the case over the past 24 years at my beloved Radio 1. "The station I pretended to be on in my bedroom from the age of six. The station I told my mum I wanted to work at but never in a million years thought I would. "There are too many people to thank from my Radio 1 journey. So to the immensely talented people I’ve worked with along the way, to our incredible listeners that have made us part of their everyday lives for so long and of course to Chris – not just my co-host, but one of my best friends in the world, which of course he will be forever. Thank you. "I really cannot believe I’m going to be calling Radio 2 my new home! I’m beyond excited to be joining the team and working alongside my radio idols and friends at the legendary Wogan House. DON'T MISS...Steve Wright opens up live on air over BBC Radio axe 'Thank you' [LATEST]BBC accused of 'ageism' as DJ Steve Wright axed after 23 years [INSIGHT]Why is Scott Mills leaving Radio 1 after 24 years? [WATCH] "I would like to wish all the best to Steve, who is one of the finest broadcasters in the world and someone whom I look up to so much." Steve Wright also announced his departure from BBC Radio 2 on-air and explained: "At the end of September, I’ll be taking a break from daytime radio. In other words, stepping down from this programme. "‘I’ve been doing this programme for 24 years at Radio 2, and so how can I possibly complain? "The support and creative freedom I’m given is fantastic at Radio 2, and really I can’t hold the slot forever. So let’s give somebody else ago." However, his departure isn't as final as Scott and Chris', as he revealed he would be staying with BBC Radio 2 to explore some digital projects and develop new podcasts. The veteran broadcaster has presented Steve Wright In The Afternoon on Radio 2 since 1999 and has become a staple of the radio schedule. As well as this, he has helmed Steve Wright’s Sunday Love Songs on the network. However, listeners and fans of the broadcasters won't have to say goodbye just yet as they aren't set to leave until September.