It overlooked the 4,540 Channel crossings from January 1 to March 31 - more than three times higher than figures from the same period last year. Nor was the fact that 28,526 illegally came to Britain’s shores using small boats in 2021 apparently of any interest. That’s more people than currently live in the north-eastern town of Bishop Aukland. Surely the BBC cannot seriously think that such huge waves will not affect at least some of its licence fee payers. Even if the corporation reckons the number of viewers concerned about this matter is low, can’t its journalists see that it might be worth raising awareness (as the Beeb so often does on other issues) of the fact that our nation’s very border has been violated by thousands of people this year? Might it not have been worth at least a cursory mention in the Tory leadership debate? Apparently not. The BBC, whether it likes it or not, is broadcasting to Brexit Britain. An EU exit was of course favoured by voters in the Referendum. But people forget that before that poll, the Conservative Party was elected on a platform of offering that very Referendum. Following the vote to leave, Brexit Party MEPs battered their competitors in elections to the European Parliament. And finally, Boris Johnson became Prime Minister after an incredibly simple campaign summed up in three words: Get Brexit Done. Yet the BBC seemingly did not consider this particular area of sovereignty to be the sort of thing our next PM should worry about. In 2019, when illegal Channel crossings were far lower than they were last year, 62 percent of those polled told Ipsos Mori that people making this journey should be returned to France. But despite the problem getting worse, the BBC simply did not think that the matter was worth addressing on Monday. Were the BBC a privately funded broadcaster, I couldn't care less which topics it includes and which it shuns. But seeing as it is funded by the public it seems to me that this issue should have been included. The security of Britain's borders is of overwhelming interest to the public and also to the future of the country in which they live. Failing to address for seemingly political correct reasons does not mean the issue goes away. It does not alter what people read in the news or see with their own eyes as their hometowns change. It just guarantees that, while those changes are taking place, the people negatively affected by them feel assured that their concerns are not heard by the very institution that they are keeping alive with their hard-earned cash. Some of us sadly find ourselves forced into an unhappy union with the BBC right now. The best option for me? Divorce. The only argument I can see for a compulsory tax on anybody with a TV is that the recipient at least acts in the people’s interests, holding those who govern us to account on matters of grave importance. This national broadcaster is failing in that task. When France scrapped its licence fee this week, Farage called for Britain to do the same. He was absolutely right.