Prince Harry is growing increasingly restless in California and is "incredibly homesick" for his former royal life, according to one expert. Neil Sean told viewers on his YouTube channel that a "very good source who knows Harry well" claims he is not 100 percent committed to life in California. The Sussexes have lived in California ever since they stepped down as senior members of the Royal Family and moved to Meghan Markle's home state, where they live with their two children. Mr Sean told viewers: "Not everything is looking rosy for Harry. "We last saw Prince Harry over here for the Platinum Jubilee celebrations. In my view, I've never seen Harry looking happy since he left the monarchy. "In recent weeks, we have seen Prince Harry undertake the polo season in California, which is something he always did enjoy in the UK. "According to a source, Harry is now incredibly homesick." JUST IN: William and Kate set to be 'summoned' to Windsor by the Queen  He said that the feelings of regret and homesickness developed after Harry's return from the Platinum Jubilee celebrations. The royal expert explained: "A very good source who knows Harry well claims he is half-in-and-out about it. "Coming back over for the Jubilee reignited feelings about his former life that he knew, particularly all the pomp and circumstance of a royal event. "But he also felt distanced from people in the UK. Upon his return to California, it's not the life that he first thought he enjoyed. "He is trying to get busy, with his book, and Spotify and Netflix. "For Harry, this is incredibly difficult because Meghan has no plans to return to the UK, even more so after the Jubilee." These comments echo similar remarks from royal author Duncan Larcombe two weeks ago. Mr Larcombe said that the fact the Duke of Sussex has been playing polo and going out for drinks with new friends are signs that he is "homesick and unhappy". He added: "Meghan is cheering him on on the sidelines, helping create this perfect LA life for him to justify what he’s given up in the UK." DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan ‘hated comparisons with uncomplaining Kate' [LIVE BLOG]Putin humiliated: Defiant Ukrainians force Russian retreat [VIDEO]William and Kate set to be 'summoned' to Windsor by the Queen [INSIGHT]  Mr Larcome continued: "But something doesn’t seem to sit right. Harry looks unhappy. "He is living out there in self-imposed exile and Harry is a very sociable person." Harry is expected to deliver a UN keynote speech on Nelson Mandela International Day tomorrow. Harry and Meghan visited South Africa in 2019 with their son, Archie, on their first official tour as a family The Duke of Sussex is expected to speak about the legacy of the South African anti-apartheid leader who spent 27 years in prison and became his country’s first black leader. READ NEXT: Prince Harry planned to ‘rewrite Palace rulebook’ - author claimsPrince William's telling off from Queen: 'Came charging over'Queen left 'irritated' by Meghan's refusal to reconcile with fatherRoyal Family LIVE: Meghan ‘hated comparisons with uncomplaining Kate'Meghan's claim she got Clinton note for childhood activism 'invented' 