Speaking to Tom Swarbrick on LBC, the Justice Minister and Deputy Prime Minister said there is a “massive push” to get those either in prison or leaving prison “into work”, with the number of people in work within six months of release having increased by 67 percent in the last year. Mr Raab said the employment of offenders was a “good opportunity” to fix worker shortages and that many local businesses who had already partaken of the scheme to help prisoners into a job were satisfied with the work.    Mr Swarbrick said: “Let’s talk about the fact there is a lot of food rotting in British fields at the moment because of a lack of workers. “No change to visa rules to allow more workers to come in from the European Union, it seems. Would you consider, as the justice minister, using prisoners to come and pick that fruit in the fields?” Mr Raab said: “Absolutely. In fact, we are already talking about it. There is a massive push to get offenders, either prisoners or those on licence, those leaving prison, into work. “In fact, over the last year we have increased the number of people in work within six months of release by 67 percent.    “I would say that where there are shortages, particularly in agriculture or other areas, this is a good opportunity. “We vet those offenders to make sure they are suitable but I do think that is one important avenue. “And across the country, with our national rollout of the employment advisory boards, and thankfully we’ve got the great James Timpson helping us to deliver that, we have a lot of local businesses coming and taking us up on that offer. “And what we know is that when businesses do take us up on that offer, they find that those offenders, because they are vetted carefully, because they want to take a second chance to turn their lives around, actually make very good employees.” READ MORE: Energy crisis grips Europe with fears of 'price explosion' [REVEAL]   More than three quarters (76 percent) of UK adults said they would be comfortable working alongside former prisoners, a recent survey has shown. The poll was commissioned by thinktank the Centre for Social Justice and was carried out by Opinium, with a sample size of 2,000 people. It found that former prisoners would be welcome colleagues if they had passed safeguarding checks. It also reported that 85 percent of Britons would back prison leavers being offered a job immediately upon release. DON'T MISS: Shortage of NHS dentists means millions can't afford treatment [REVEAL] Warning England faces 'crippling shortage' of thousands of doctors [INSIGHT] House prices will keep rising despite cost-of-living crisis [REPORT]   The agricultural sector has been one of the hardest hit areas by the cost of living crisis and the lack of EU workers in Britain post-Brexit. Seasonal worker shortages of up to 75 percent compared to pre-Brexit have been reported around the UK. This has raised fears that produce will be left to rot in the ground as there is not enough labour to harvest it. The hiring of prisoners has been proposed as a solution to this problem, with vetting processes used to ensure security.  READ NEXT: Food crisis horror warning: Global shortage to 'kill millions'Russia worsens triple crisis to cause ‘disorder and destruction’Russia’s ‘disinformation campaign’ blames West for food crisisI did it on my own didn't need privileges women get today ANN WIDDECOMAirline bosses blame Brexit and worker shortage for travel chaos 