On Tuesday, Priscilla Presley joined TV host Piers Morgan for an interview on TalkTV where they discussed her marriage to the iconic musician Elvis Presley. During their conversation, she candidly admitted the couple would have better off not married.  Although Priscilla is an actress and businesswoman, she is best known as the ex-wife of rock and roll legend, Elvis Presley. The two met when she was 14 years old, while he was serving in the US Army in West Germany, where she lived with her family at the time. As he was 24, her parents were concerned about their age difference as well as Elvis’ celebrity status. However, he won them over and after eight years of dating, Elvis and Priscilla eventually got married in 1969. READ MORE: Lorraine Kelly in savage sweating jibe at Prince Andrew By 1959, Elvis had become a worldwide sensation and was creating a new lane in American music with his notable baritone vocals. Although the pair were together at the height of his career, Priscilla admitted they would have been better off, had they not gotten married. During her recent interview on Piers Morgan Uncensored she stated: “To be honest, I think we were better not married.” While Priscilla agreed Elvis was the “love of her life,” she also admitted they “had a great relationship.”  Reflecting on their marriage, she told Piers: ”He would come over to my home all hours of the night, talk, it could be two o'clock, three o'clock. “I would have my daughter awake, my daughter up with us some of that time. “My mother the same thing… he would come alone sometimes and sometimes bring Charlie Hodge, one of his guys who worked for him or someone else, and we would just sit and talk and he'd bring in books and he'd read books to me.” In 1968, Priscilla gave birth to their first and only child, Lisa Marie Presley, who was born nine months after their wedding.  DON'T MISS...'BBC should be ashamed!' Countryfile viewers blast Brexit coverage [INSIGHT]Priscilla Presley is 'more comfortable' without Elvis Presley [INSIGHT]‘Connected eternally’ Elvis' daughter Lisa Marie's tribute to late son [INSIGHT] Priscilla continued: “He left me with quite a few books as well. “Everything seemed to be more relaxed, more at home when the tension wasn't there.” She explained: “Remember, I'm with Elvis Presley and watching the girls running up to him and wanting kisses from him, running to the stage, coming backstage. “Listen, being who he was and having all the women you know, jump him! I’m kidding.”  The 77-year-old added: “It was an eye-opener for me, being married to probably one of the most famous musicians or singers in the world. There isn’t anyone who doesn’t love Elvis.” Priscilla concluded: “He was a great human being. He really was and he tried so hard, you know of what he did to be perfect.” After ongoing infidelity on both sides, the couple divorced in 1973 after six years together. Then four years later Elvis Presley died of heart failure in his home in Tennessee. Piers Morgan Uncensored on TalkTV, Monday to Thursday, 8pm (Sky 526, Virgin Media 627, Freeview 237, Freesat 217 and Sky Glass 508) and live and on demand on the TalkTV app and at Talk.TV 