Liverpool defender Trent Alexander-Arnold is set to purchase the Cheshire house currently owned by Raheem Sterling, who is said to be nearing a big-money move to Chelsea ahead of the new Premier League season, according to reports. Sterling has been widely tipped to leave Manchester City this summer after falling down the pecking order at the Etihad Stadium over the last few seasons and is believed to be a priority target for Thomas Tuchel. Negotiations between Chelsea and City are said to be well underway behind closed doors, with Sterling having been valued at around £45million by the defending Premier League champions. It seems as though the England ace is now preparing for life away from Manchester after agreeing to sell his current property near the city to Alexander-Arnold, according to The Mirror.It is claimed that Alexander-Arnold has been in talks to purchase Sterling's house in Cheshire, which is set to cost the Liverpool defender around £4.5m. He currently lives in south Manchester on the same road as Reds team-mate Alisson Becker and departing Manchester United midfielder Paul Pogba but is reportedly set to move into Sterling's property in the countryside in the not-too-distant future.The situation appears to suggest that Chelsea's proposed move for Sterling is gathering pace, with the 27-year-old seemingly ramping up his preparations to embark on a new challenge in west London ahead of next season. He is said to be keen on the idea of joining the Blues in order to start on a regular basis after being forced to play a back-up role at City over the course of the previous campaign. JUST IN: Liverpool mocked by Neville as Man Utd ace gives verdict on Salah deal Sterling is said to have been lined up by Chelsea to play a crucial role in their front three in place of Romelu Lukaku, who recently secured a temporary return to Inter Milan after just one year at Stamford Bridge. It remains to be seen whether the former will be a success in west London if the move is rubber-stamped over the coming weeks as he gears up to make a fresh start away from City next season.Goals have been an issue for Chelsea in recent months but Sterling has proven himself to be a shrewd operator in that regard during his time in Manchester. He has scored on a total of 131 occasions over the course of his seven-year spell on City's books and managed to find the back of the net 17 times last season. Chelsea will now be looking to finalise talks with Sterling and his representatives in order to bring him in as their first signing under new owner Todd Boehly, who is set to assume a leading role in overseeing the club's transfer business this summer. Former Blues defender Scott Minto recently urged his old employers to push hard in their pursuit of Sterling, who he believes would be the perfect signing to improve their attacking ranks ahead of the new campaign."It's a no-brainer," Minto told talkSPORT last month. "I mean, my goodness, you think where could he go? He's not going back to Liverpool, he's not going to go to United."The next best, Chelsea would be perfect for him. I think Chelsea and Spurs would be two good moves for him, but Chelsea would be able to bridge that gap more than Spurs could do, so absolutely [they should] go for him." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here