Despite mounting concerns of a possible recession, US President Joe Biden has dismissed fears, challenging the common economic definition of a recession. The US National Bureau of Economic Research (NBER) – the official arbiter of recessions in America – says a recession is "a significant decline in economic activity that is spread across the economy and lasts more than a few months." And the US just had the second quarter of negative growth, with the economy shrinking by 0.9 percent – matching the common definition of a recession. While Joe Biden’s senior adviser Gene Sperling was trying to defend the American President’s "historical definition of a recession", CNN TV host Jake Tapper confronted him on the economic definition. CNN’s Jake Tapper began by asking: "But it’s been two quarters in a row of negative GDP growth. I mean, that is an ugly fact. And traditionally, that has been the colloquial way a recession has been defined – two successive quarters of negative GDP growth." Mr Sperling defended: "Yeah, I agree that for many people even though it’s not the accurate definition – that that has been the colloquial definition. "But let’s also remember that in the first quarter when you actually looked at private-sector growth, when you took out some of the trade and inventory numbers, you actually saw that the private-sector economy expanded by three percent." "So, even the first quarter of this year really was not consistent with any versions of contraction," Mr Sperling said. Adopting the same line of defence as President Biden, Mr Sperling said: "So, I’m just reminding people that those six months that people would claim were in recessions are the same six months that we grew 2.7 million jobs. "And that only last year, have we ever had that many. And the second closest was 1946, right after World War 2." Speaking from the White House, Joe Biden tried to appease fears of an ongoing recession in the United States, as the GDP growth decreased by 0.9 percent in the second quarter. He cited the record job growth and foreign business investments as signs of strength in the economy. READ MORE: Xi issues horror warning to Biden about 'playing with fire' "That doesn’t sound like a recession to me," President Biden concluded amid scepticism. In an interview with NBC’s Meet the Press, Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen noted that two consecutive quarters of negative growth is generally considered a recession. But she added that the record job growth and the unique economic conditions mean the US "is not in a recession." "I think it’s still just a game of semantics. The trajectory of the economy is clearly lower, whether we’re going to define it as [a recession] or not," Peter Boockvar, chief investment officer at the Bleakley Advisory Group, told CNBC. "If anything, the third quarter is going to show further weakness. So, you could have three quarters in a row of contraction for GDP. Does that technically mean we’re in a recession?" DON'T MISS:China ‘will respond military’ if Pelosi visits Taiwan [REPORT]Biden-Xi SHOWDOWN: US holds call with China amid Taiwan tensions [REPORT]Biden and Xi on collision course with relations ‘perilous’ [ANALYSIS] The NBER is a bit of a shadowy non-partisan economic research group that does make recession calls generally months after they begin. Republicans have rushed to label the economic slowdown as “Joe Biden’s recession” to hurt the Democratic party’s chances in the upcoming midterm elections in November. If confirmed, the economic recession could further hurt Joe Biden’s approval ratings and chances of being re-elected in 2024. A CNN poll shows that 75 percent of Democratic voters want the party to nominate someone other than President Joe Biden in the 2024 presidential election. READ NEXT:Biden folds to Putin's demands in ‘merchant of death’ prisoner swap'He had to get helicoptered’ Biden slams Trump over Covid - I worked'Horror nuclear warning as UK advisor says world is entering conflict Joe Biden offers to swap ‘Merchant of Death’ Russian arms dealer Monkeypox health emergency set to be declared