Ozzy Osbourne has updated fans on his health following major surgery on his back last month. The Black Sabbath rocker, 73, said one of the worst parts about recovering was not being able to see everyone. “I like to see people, you know. That's been the hardest thing of the past three years, because I've been trying to recover from my surgery,” he said. “I’m getting there. It's a slow climb back, you know?" he added to Entertainment Tonight. While the exact nature of his operation is still unknown, Ozzy posted on Instagram to say it had been a success. "I am now home from the hospital recuperating comfortably,” he wrote. "I am definitely feeling the love and support from all my fans and send everyone a big thank you for their thoughts, prayers and well wishes during my recovery." In an interview with Classic Rock, he implied the surgery might have been to correct an injury from a 2003 bike accident. "I’m just waiting on some more surgery on my neck,” he said. ”I can’t walk properly these days. I have physical therapy every morning. “I am somewhat better, but nowhere near as much as I want to be to go back on the road." His wife Sharon, 69, had rushed to his bedside, and later explained to Piers Morgan on TalkTV that Ozzy was now in much less pain. Diagnosed with a form of Parkinson's, enduring a rough ride with Covid and suffering the after effects of the quad biking accident, Sharon hasn't left her husband's side as he fought through it all. “He's walking great, he's got no more pain - he's a pain in my a**e but I don't mind,” she joked. DON'T MISS...Hugh Grant hits out at Priti Patel for 'inhumane' Heathrow conditions [LATEST]'Shady ladies' Amanda Owen shares family update amid Clive split [UPDATE]Lorraine offers support to Kate Garraway as Derek's health takes turn [INSIGHT] “The last operation fixed all the pain so it's like lifting a huge weight from him.” Sharon went on to share what the star has been doing during his spare time when not in recovery mode. She said: “He's busy doing promotion for his record that's coming out in September. “He really is Iron Man, just like his song, he comes back over and over again.” Ozzy will be even more glad to be up and about given he is soon to become a grandfather again. His daughter Kelly, 37, recently announced she is pregnant with her first child with Slipknot star Sid Wilson. As Kelly revealed the news on Instagram, saying she was “over the moon”, her delighted mum took to the comments. "My [heart emoji] could not be more full. So excited to share the beautiful journey ahead with you @kellyosbourne,” she wrote.