The Duke of York was stripped of his military affiliations and royal patronages at the beginning of this year. This followed the ruling that the civil case brought again him in the US by accuser Virginia Giuffre could proceed to trial. He has since formally ended the case by agreeing to pay a financial settlement, while continuing to fully deny the allegations made against him. His settlement did not equal admission. The Prince has now been spotted wearing a fleece and jacket bearing the Grenadier Guards’s royal cypher, according to the Sun. The paper said he sported the emblems while horse riding. It added that “insiders say he deliberately wears it and rides near photographers at Windsor”. It is understood that the Duke has asked Her Majesty for him to be reappointed as the Colonel of the guards. The request would likely be opposed by Prince Charles and Prince William, if not by The Queen herself. Former Grenadier Guard Julian Perreira, who served three tours of Afghanistan, told the Sun: “It’s wholly inappropriate that he continues to wear the uniform. “He has been asked to leave and hand over his title. He is continuing to tarnish the regiment. READ MORE: Top MP tells Boris to go NOW and not wait until autumn “He didn’t serve in the Grenadier Guards, it was only ceremonial so he has no right to continue to wear the royal cypher. "But no one can officially tell him to stop wearing it and he knows he can get away with it.” Reports earlier this year suggested the Duchess of Cambridge could replace Prince Andrew in the role. DON'T MISS: Hated Brexit deal ‘could shatter UK’ [OPINION] Farage blasts those blaming conflict in Ukraine for inflation [NEWS] Britons blast Tories and Labour who are ‘as bad as each other’ [OPINION] This would make her the first appointed female colonel in the Grenadier Guards’ history. A senior member of the regiment told the Sunday Times in January: “From straw polling through the ranks, they would all love it to be Kate. “We all admire the way she has fitted in and behaved, she never seems to put a foot wrong. “Everything she has taken on she really commits to, and we want someone who will really engage with us." The position is currently held by The Queen, given that it has handed back to her from Prince Andrew amid his fall from grace. Buckingham Palace announced earlier this year: "With the Queen's approval and agreement, the Duke of York's military affiliations and Royal patronages have been returned to the Queen. "The Duke of York will continue not to undertake any public duties and is defending this case as a private citizen."