The 12-year-old child, from Southend-on-Sea, Essex, was found unconscious at home in Southend, Essex, on April 7. He has since relied on a mechanical ventilator. Appeal Court judges on Monday ruled doctors could lawfully disconnect it. Barts Health NHS Trust, which is treating Archie, said in a letter to his parents "no supplemental oxygen will be given" after the endotracheal tube of the machine is removed early next week. Archie's parents Hollie Dance and Paul Battersbee, who will be informed tomorrow morning how the withdrawal process is to be performed, were told: "The time it takes for the heart to stop beating is often a matter of minutes, but in some cases, this can take longer. "A doctor will assess Archie regularly to confirm that the heart has stopped beating but with consideration of the family's need not to have too much intrusion at such a difficult time." The aim, the letter continued, is to "preserve Archie's dignity". It added: "You or any of the family may wish to lie on Archie's bed with him or have him in your arms, if that should be practically possible." Barts Health NHS Trust concluded delaying the start of palliative care would "not be appropriate without an order of the court". Archie's parents said the Trust's assertions were misleading, writing: "We as a family are very disappointed that the Trust's management has chosen to hide behind euphemisms and to mislead the public. "It is hard to see any reason for that behaviour except knowing that what they are doing is cruel and wrong." The High Court judge on Monday ruled ending treatment is in Archie's best interests as the boy's prognosis was "bleak", as per evidence provided by clinicians. READ MORE: Hot weather forecast – Lightning storm deluge to strike IN HOURS before 30C heatwave But the family says doctors should give Archie a chance to recover and, when their UK legal challenge failed, made an application to the UN Committee on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities, citing Articles 10 and 12 of the Convention (UNCRPD), which call on nations to ensure the right to life and equal rights for disabled people. In a letter to Ms Dance and her barrister Mr Bruno Quintavalle, the UN Committee wrote it had "requested the state party [the Government] to refrain from withdrawing life-preserving medical treatment, including medical ventilation and artificial nutrition and hydration from the alleged victim while the case is under consideration by the committee". The boy has never regained consciousness and Ms Dance said she believed he might have been taking part in an online challenge. She wrote to Stephen Barclay, the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care, explaining the trust intends to "proceed to remove life support from Archie as early as on Monday, August 1". She said: "If this happens, this will be an extraordinary cruelty, and a flagrant breach of Archie's rights as a disabled person. "Archie is entitled to have the decisions about his life and death, taken by the NHS and UK courts, to be scrutinised by an international human rights body." Ms Dance called for Mr Barclay to "act immediately" to ensure Archie's life support is not withdrawn "and our country honours its obligations under the international human rights treaties which we have signed and ratified". DON'T MISSSunak's Brexit credentials torn apart as Tory leadership fury erupts [ANALYSIS]Putin health fears: Puffy-faced despot spotted in new pictures [IMAGES]Harry and Meghan will be forced to 'give up' royal titles ahead of new memoir [INSIGHT] Alistair Chesser, chief medical officer for Barts Health NHS Trust, said: "Our deepest sympathies are with Archie's family at this difficult time. "We are giving Archie's loved ones time to come to terms with the decision of the courts that treatment should not continue and are involving them in each stage. "Any further delay in starting palliative care would not be appropriate without an order of the court." A Department for Health and Social Care spokeswoman said: "We recognise this is an exceptionally difficult time for Archie Battersbee's family and our thoughts are with them. "We have received the letter and will respond in due course."