Mr Zahawi discussed the recent resignations of Sajid Javid and Rishi Sunak with journalist Nick Robinson. Mr Robinson broke the news of Mr Quince's resignation to the new Chancellor of the Exchequer. Multiple Conservative MPs have been resigning due to a lack of confidence in Prime Minister Boris Johnson and the scandals surrounding him. Mr Johnson has been facing backlash for his supposed failures as Prime Minister and leader of the Conservative party on both sides of the political spectrum.  Mr Robinson said: "Mr Zahawi forgive me for interrupting you but as you were saying that, the man who came on this programme on Monday morning to defend the Prime Minister has just resigned. "Will Quince, the education minister in the department that you left yesterday. "It's over Mr Zahawi, isn't it?" Mr Zahawi told Radio 4's Today programme: "I'm sorry to see Will Quince go, he was my children and families minister. "He was a great minister, all I would say to colleagues is people don't vote for divided teams, we have to come together..." JUST IN: Kim Jong-un warned South Korea will ‘sternly’ retaliate in case of provocation     Mr Robinson added: "Do they vote for people who don't tell the truth? Mr Zahawi because Mr Quince in good faith came on this programme repeated what he was told by Number 10" "They were repeating what they were told by the Prime Minister, it turned out not to be true. "Is your claim this morning to your colleagues who claim to disagree with you, it doesn't matter whether we tell the truth, don't worry we'll just go on?" Mr Zahawi said: "No, what I'm saying is we make decisions at warp speed, we don't always get them right, we make mistakes. "The Prime Minister came out last night and said I made a mistake and I am sorry, and I am equally sorry to see colleagues leave Government." READ MORE: Princess Diana remembered as stunning portrait resurfaces before anniversary of death    There has been more Conservative party scandal this week, due to sexual assault allegations against former Chief Whip Chirs Pincher. Last night the shock resignations of Rishi Sunak and Sajid Javid rocked Number 10, many other MPs are expected to resign today and over the next coming days due to a lack of confidence in the Prime Minister. Will Quince less than two days ago made the media rounds defending Prime Minister Boris Johnson. Mr Quince reflected on Monday's interviews in his resignation tweet and claimed " I accepted and repeated assurances on Monday to the media which have now been found to be inaccurate." DON’T MISS: Fury as Just Stop Oil vandals glue hands to da Vinci's Last Supper and spray paint wall[INSIGHT] 'Devil in the detail!' Brexit campaigners slam Keir Starmer over Labour's 5-point EU plan [REVEAL] Defiant Zelenksy says Ukraine needs to BREAK Putin and invading troops 'No alternative' [SPOTLIGHT]    Mr Quince published his resignation letter to the Prime Minister and the British Public, which read: “Dear Prime Minister. Thank you for meeting with me yesterday evening and for your sincere apology regarding the briefings I received from No 10 ahead of Monday’s media round, which we now know to be inaccurate. “It is with great sadness and regret that I feel that I have no choice but to tender my resignation as minister for children and families as I accepted and repeated those assurances in good faith. “It has been an honour to serve in government since 2019 at both the Department for Work and Pensions and the Department for Education. “Reaching this decision has not been easy. Stepping away from a job I love, where we are working every day to improve the life chances of vulnerable and disadvantaged children and young people up and down our country, pains me greatly. “I will miss it hugely but pledge to do all I can to continue this important work from the backbenches. “I would like to take this opportunity to put on record my sincere thanks to the hundreds of dedicated and hard-working civil servants with whom it has been a pleasure to work.” READ NEXT Ben Wallace slams No10 resignations as ‘political parlour games’ amid Putin’s war Labour civil war erupts as pro-EU MPs rubbish Starmer’s call to ‘make Brexit work’ Boris WON'T resign! Widdecombe says PM will be 'dragged kicking and screaming from No 10' 'Saves a reshuffle!' PM's allies slam Sunak after Cabinet chaos puts Boris on the brink Warring Tories urged to focus wrath on Brexit EU red tape NOT Boris to win election    