Which? surveyed more than 2,200 stays at holiday parks across the UK. Centre Parcs faced criticism over its prices. READ MORE: Flight attendant shares food passengers 'should avoid' on plane Potters Resorts came out on top as the best value UK holiday park with a customer satisfaction score of 88 percent. The resort can be found on the Norfolk Coast and is an all-inclusive resort with food and drink included. It costs an average of £72 per night to stay at the resort and guests gave it five stars for cleanliness, quality of accommodation, customer service, facilities and entertainment. Potters also scored five stars when it came to value for money earning the top place in the Which? rankings. Waterside Holiday group was a close second with 87 percent customer satisfaction and five stars in every category. The group’s award winning parks can be found in Dorset and Cornwall and cost an average of £80 per night. Luxury camp, Center Parcs scored just one point more than Butlin’s and scored just two stars for value for money. Guests pay around £71 per night to stay at Center Parcs and have to pay for extra activities on top. It was almost the same price as Potters which is an all-inclusive. READ MORE: The healthiest country in the world is a ‘beautiful place’ One Center Parcs guest said it was “second mortgage” expensive. However, guests did rate Center Parcs’ facilities as five star. Budget brand Pontins, was last on the list and scored just 59 percent customer satisfaction. One guest described it as a “dull, dingy campsite”. Butlin’s outclassed Pontins in nearly every category and also charged customers less for an average. Pontins cost £49 a night on average while Butlin’s came in at £41. Guests ranked Bultin’s customer service and entertainment as four star. Guy Hobbs, editor of Which? Travel said: “The UK has an incredible variety of holiday parks and resorts. “Holidaymakers can choose from those bursting with slides, swimming pools and activities for kids, or opt for a luxury stay in a safari lodge with hot tub. “Our survey saw smaller, family-run resorts triumph over the biggest names, so there is no need to go for the most expensive option to have a great experience.” Center Parcs declined to comment to Which? while Pontins did not respond to a request for comment. Express.co.uk has contacted Center Parcs for comment.