Many top holiday destinations have lifted strict Covid rules making it easy for Britons to travel abroad. However, there are still a few things Brits should be aware of. British tourists will need to show proof of full vaccination, a negative test or a recent recovery certificate to travel to Spain. Spain is one of the few European destinations that still requires unvaccinated Britons to show proof of recovery or a negative test to enter. Tests must be a PCR taken within 72 hours of departure of an antigen test taken within 24 hours of travel. Children under 12 do not need to provide proof of vaccination or a negative test result for holidays in Spain. READ MORE: Cheapest seaside town to visit during heatwave 'gloriously beautiful' Portugal recently scrapped its Covid travel restrictions so Britons do not need to show proof of vaccination or a negative test to holiday in Portugal. However, Britons will need to show a negative PCR test result of proof of vaccination if they want to travel to the Azores islands. Portugal is currently dealing with dangerous forest fires which have hit the middle and north of the country. Britons should follow the advice of local authorities if they are in an area affected by forest fires. British tourists travelling to Greece do not need to show proof of vaccination or a negative test to enter. Greece recently changed its quarantine rules for tourists and Britons will no longer need to quarantine at a hotel if they test positive for Covid. Tourists are asked to wear a mask on public transport in Greece if they have tested positive for Covid. TUI has said it has seen higher demand for Greek holidays than ever with many tourists eager to visit the country’s gorgeous islands. READ MORE: ‘Just say no’ Cruise passengers expose tourist port scam British tourists need to show proof of vaccination to travel to France or a negative test if they are unvaccinated. Unvaccinated Britons must show a negative PCR test taken within 72 hours of travel or a negative antigen test taken within 48 hours of departure. Children under 12 are exempt from all Covid restrictions and will not be required to show proof of vaccination or a negative test. France’s Government has recently advised people to wear masks on public transport as Covid rates rise. To count as fully vaccinated in Europe, tourists should have had a booster jab if their second jab was more than 270 days ago. British tourists can only stay in the EU for 90 out of every 180 days and could be fined or detained if they overstay. They must get their passport stamped on entry and exit to the EU or they could be accused of overstaying. If their passport isn’t stamped, tourists should be able to prove when they entered the country with a boarding pass.