The two remaining candidates to be next Tory leader and prime minister were facing each other in a televised debate this evening. In a programme titled “Our Next Prime Minister”, Sophie Raworth was presenting the debate in front of a live audience in Stoke-on-Trent. @scott_wright1 asked: “Was that Truss and Sunak in the opening shot or cardboard cutouts?” @inspectormorose wrote: “The replicants have been activated, and no-one will suspect that the real Truss and Sunak have been kidnapped by aliens.” @tim_kimber also joked: “Liz Truss and Rishi Sunak, gurning like a pair of waxworks at a Jack the Ripper museum.” Another use, @DNicoros, said she only realised the cameras were actually showing the candidates after a “smile wavered”. She wrote: “It’s like miss Great Britain competition isn’t it. “I thought they were cardboard cutouts until Rishi’s smile wavered.” READ MORE: NATO urged to WITHDRAW nuclear weapons from Europe “Mind you, now Sunak has started talking it still does. He's just completely out of touch.” Mocking of the leadership candidates did not end after the brief introductory clip. DON'T MISS: Hated Brexit deal ‘could shatter UK’ [OPINION] Farage blasts those blaming conflict in Ukraine for inflation [NEWS] Britons blast Tories and Labour who are ‘as bad as each other’ [OPINION] @Sirhornet asked if he sounded more like a “bad impersonation” of former Prime Minister Anthony Blair or fictional character “Will” from “The Inbetweeners” television series. During the debate, both candidates were also asked about the cost of their clothing – but on this count, it was the BBC which was the recipient of criticism. Journalist Steven Edginton wrote in a post on Twitter: “Why is the BBC obsessed with a Tweet about earrings and the non-question of whether Boris would be in a future government? “This is a good debate from the candidates despite awful questions from the BBC.” The two candidates will now be vying to gain support from members of the Conservative party ahead of the close of the election in September.