Carlos Sainz has revealed he would happily go against a team request once again and face a potential argument with teammate Charles Leclerc following his victory at the British Grand Prix last week. Sainz saw off Sergio Perez at Silverstone to secure his first ever Formula 1 victory.  His win was not without controversy though, as the Spanish star went against the requests of his Ferrari team in order to clinch victory. Sainz found himself behind teammate Leclerc whilst a safety car was out on the track with 13 laps of the race left. The eventual winner headed into the pits for a set of softer tyres, whilst his fellow Ferrari driver remained out on the track. When the Spaniard returned, he was asked by his team to remain behind Leclerc and distance the rest of the field from the Monagesque whilst he looked to hold onto his spot on old tyres. Perez though had other ideas, as he decided to fly past his teammate in hunt of the victory and this is what he achieved. Speaking afterwards, the 27-year-old revealed he had no regrets in disobeying his team’s orders. He said: “Well Ferrari won, I won, so for sure it was not the wrong decision. JUST IN: Lando Norris' car catches fire during Austrian Grand Prix practice  “I think at that time, in the car I knew perfectly what I had to do. I knew not to put Charles in a compromised position, but also to give Ferrari a race win – that is what the team cares the most about and I think everything I did was sensible. I didn’t put Charles under unnecessary risk or pressure while overtaking him, knowing that I was going to overtake him fairly easily on the soft." Confirming that he would happily do the same again, he added: “I won the race for Ferrari and I think it was a good outcome in the end.So yes, I would have done it the same again and I think the team perfectly understood my position – that’s why they didn’t call again for the 10 car lengths because they knew that what I had argued during the radio comment was totally valid.” DON'T MISSRed Bull star Helmut Marko expects Lewis Hamilton 'trouble' in AustriaLando Norris plotting to steal Max Verstappen fans at Red Bull's raceMax Verstappen defends angry team radio meltdowns ahead of Austrian GP One man who was no doubt less than impressed with Sainz’s move was his fellow Ferrari driver Leclerc, who is continuing to hunt down Max Verstappen at the top of the driver standings. Describing his teammate’s reaction in the briefing, the Spaniard said: “Like always, he behaved like the gentleman that he is and the briefing was normal. “The way it goes when I have a bad race is [it’s] a normal briefing and the way it goes when he has a bad race, it’s also a normal briefing. It’s one of the strong points that we have as teammates and as drivers, and as a team spirit that we have in Ferrari.” 