Manchester United are prepared to start the new season without Frenkie de Jong, according to reports. The Barcelona star is the club’s top target. And, if he joins, then he could become team-mates with Cristiano Ronaldo. Manchester United have spent the whole summer pursuing De Jong, who previously played under Erik ten Hag at Ajax. And though they’ve now agreed a fee with Barcelona for the midfielder, there’s still no guarantee he’ll move to Old Trafford. According to The Mirror, United are prepared to start the new campaign without De Jong rather than move on to other targets. It’s a risky strategy and one the Red Devils know could backfire, especially given past events. In 2013, David Moyes was determined to land Cesc Fabregas from Barcelona - identifying the Spain international as a priority target. But with United putting all their resources into a deal, only for their pursuit to fail, that left the Scot up against it. Man Utd transfers: The mouthwatering XI to tackle Brighton with 5 new signings Moyes would later bring in Marouane Fellaini late in the day, with the Belgium international touching down from Everton on the final day of the summer transfer window. Yet Moyes’ reign was never able to recover and he lost his job in April 2014, after just 10 months in the dugout. The report also provides an update on Ronaldo’s situation, too. The Portugal international wants to leave United for a second time, just 11 months after his Hollywood homecoming from Juventus. Ronaldo feels he should be playing in the Champions League as he enters the twilight years of his career, rather than the Europa League. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong It’s claimed he’s turned down the chance to play in Saudi Arabia, with an unnamed club willing to pay him £233.23million over the course of a two-year contract. And United have now decided against trying to bring Ronaldo to Australia for the remainder of their pre-season tour. The forward is currently off for personal reasons, meaning he’s missed matches against Liverpool and Melbourne Victory. And United believe there would be ‘no benefit’ to the 37-year-old flying all the way out to Australia given the ‘distance involved and different time zones.’ The Red Devils are also unlikely to fly Lisandro Martinez over, too, with the defender poised to join from Ajax. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team But Ronaldo is said to be softening over his desire to leave, with the veteran appearing to run out of options. Chelsea, Bayern Munich, Real Madrid and Barcelona have all ruled themselves out of the running to sign the Portugal international. So all signs currently point to him staying put. Meanwhile, former Arsenal star Alan Smith feels Ten Hag would be wise to get rid of Ronaldo this summer. “If Ronaldo wants to go then let him go,” Smith told 888. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. “He’s someone who obviously wants to play Champions League football. "He has come in at United and done the job for him he was paid to do which is to score goals. “But Ten Hag now obviously wants a clean slate and no distractions. ‘Ronaldo is not playing this week’. ‘He’s on the bench’. You don’t know any of that and it’s all a bit of a soap opera really.” He then added: “So if he wants to go, then try to get that sorted early doors. “I’m not sure how efficient they are at Manchester United and they’ve in a state of flux with a new manager but Ten Hag will want to get a squad together that he actually wants to work with.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here