Manchester United-bound Christian Eriksen is yet to inform Brentford that he will not be re-signing with the Bees, according to reports. The Danish midfielder is a free agent after his Brentford deal expired at the end of June and is reportedly set to join the Red Devils. New United boss Erik ten Hag earmarked Eriksen as a top target to allow the Dutchman to adopt his preferred style of play at Old Trafford. The Premier League side have been chasing Eriksen and Barcelona ace Frenkie de Jong ever since confirmation of Ten Hag’s appointment towards the end of last season. The 30-year-old former Tottenham star spent the second half of last season at Brentford after leaving Inter Milan. His excellent form was key to Thomas Frank’s side surviving in their first season in the Premier League. But it also caught the attention of much bigger clubs, with Eriksen reportedly set to join United. According to wide-ranging claims, the Denmark international will undergo a thorough medical due to his Implantable Cardioverter Defibrillator (ICD) before penning a three-year deal at Old Trafford. JUST IN: Mo Salah has close friendship with Liverpool hero keeping him at club Reports on Monday were apparently news to Brentford, though, who had not been informed by Eriksen of his decision to snub their offer over United’s, according to the i paper. Brentford’s proposal was based around the playmaker being core to their continued growth under head coach Frank. The Bees were supposedly resigned to losing the player given the lure of United, despite the club’s recent struggles. But they had not been told of Eriksen’s final decision before news broke on Monday. Eriksen’s choice is a major win for United, especially as the former Ajax man had seriously considered renewing his Brentford deal. Ten Hag believes that the midfielder is key to his rebuild, alongside De Jong. DON'T MISS...Leeds identify Phillips replacement as 'talks open' with Leipzig starCristiano Ronaldo next club: Four teams Man Utd striker could sign forGary Lineker trolls Man Utd as he cracks Mickey Mouse joke The new head coach has endured a rocky start, with United’s protracted transfer discussions with Barcelona over De Jong taking up plenty of time. However, it has been widely reported that Tyrell Malacia will be the 52-year-old’s first signing. United have beaten Lyon to the capture of the Feyenoord left-back, who was pictured at the club’s Carrington training base on Monday morning ahead of his medical. The 22-year-old will cost around £13m. There remains doubt over the future of Cristiano Ronaldo, who has apparently told the Old Trafford hierarchy that he will leave if an acceptable offer is made. Chelsea are understood to be interested in signing the 37-year-old.