The Duke of Sussex is seeking a judicial review of the Home Office’s decision to reduce personal security for him, Meghan and their children when they visit Britain from their US home. The newspaper said he took the Government to court after it rejected his offer to pay for Scotland Yard personal protection officers. In an article published in February, the paper also said the Duke’s “PR machine tried to put a positive spin on the dispute”. Yesterday Mr Justice Nicklin ruled in Harry’s favour in a ­preliminary judgment, saying the “natural and ordinary” meaning of the article is defamatory. The High Court judge stressed his ruling was “very much the first phase” of the libel claim. Associated Newspapers, the paper’s publishers, are now due to file a defence to the claim. Harry’s lawyers argued that the paper had accused him of lying. But Mr Justice Nicklin rejected the suggestion yesterday. “The article does not make that blunt allegation, whether expressly or by implication,” his ruling said. “The ordinary, ­reasonable reader would understand the difference between ‘spinning’ facts and ‘lying’.” But he added that the “allegation being made in the article was very much that the object was to mislead the public”. The article’s headline read: “Exclusive: How Harry tried to keep his legal fight with the Government over police ­bodyguards a secret...then – just minutes after the story broke – his PR machine tried to put a positive spin on the dispute.” The judge said a reader would understand Harry ­“was responsible for public ­statements, issued on his behalf, which claimed he was willing to pay for police protection in ­the UK and his legal challenge was to the Govern­ment’s refusal to permit him to do so, whereas the true position, as revealed in documents filed in the proceedings, was that ­­he had only made the offer to pay after proceedings commenced”. He said Harry had sought ­confidentiality restrictions over ­certain documents and witness statements, not blanket secrecy. A decision whether to grant ­a judicial review over Harry’s ­protection will be made at a later date. The libel case continues.