In the end even Boris Johnson’s renowned survival instinct was not enough to halt the inevitable. Having lost the confidence of his MPs and presided over a vast exodus of Ministerial colleagues, he will eventually have no alternative but to quit. Last week, Johnson expressed the hope that he would remain in office until the 2030s, a goal that would have required him to emulate multiple election winner Margaret Thatcher. As it turned out, he will serve less than three years, only slightly more than Gordon Brown, and less than Theresa May, Jim Callaghan and Ted Heath. It was a sad departure for a Prime Minister who had promised so much on his entry into Downing Street in July 2019. A seasoned politician who had won national fame as a writer before he became an MP, he brought an impressive mix of talents to the role, including his gift for language, his historical insight, his rich vein of humour, and his ability to inspire loyalty. Above all, he had the ability to reach out to voters far beyond the traditional Tory fold as he had proved in winning two successful terms as the Mayor of London, usually a Labour citadel. Having taken over from Theresa May, whose Government had been paralysed by the Brexit logjam, Boris managed through adroit tactics to secure British independence and fulfil the mandate of the 2016 EU referendum. Aided by his maverick chief strategist Dominic Cummings, he defied all predictions of continuing stalemate by reaching a comprehensive trade deal with Brussels, silencing the anti-Brexit rebels in his own party, and outmanoeuvring his Remainer opponents.  This was the first in a series of triumphs that made him the commanding figure in the British political landscape. The next came in December 2019, when he won a landslide victory in the General Election, gaining a majority of over 80 and saving Britain from rule by Jeremy Corbyn and his Marxist cabal. The collapse of Labour’s so-called Red Wall in the North and the Midlands appeared to presage a new era of Tory dominance. But he had little time to savour his achievement, the western world was soon engulfed by the Covid pandemic. The Prime Minister himself was struck down by the virus, and for several harrowing days was in intensive care. His ordeal not only became a symbol of Britain’s fight in the crisis but also added to his popularity, which was further reinforced by his Government’s lead in developing the world’s first practical vaccine by December 2020. But by now the first doubts about Johnson’s leadership were arising. He had been a poor Foreign Secretary under Theresa May, notorious for his inattention to detail, and limited work ethic. Those same flaws could now be seen in Downing Street, made all the worse when he fell out with Cummings, who had combined ruthlessness with a sense of purpose.  Chaotic mismanagement in Downing Street was compounded by accusations about a lack of integrity and honesty. Cronyism seemed to take precedence over respect for public money, while two ethics advisers felt compelled to resign because of No 10’s indifference to established procedures. One of hist Eton masters had written in 1982 that, as a pupil, Johnson believed “he should be free of the network of obligation that binds everyone else.” Forty years later, the same words could be applied to him as Prime Minister. Among many Tories, there were also deepening concerns over the absence of firm political convictions in the Johnson Government. The quest for easy popularity resulted in reckless spending, spiralling inflation, and vast state bureaucracies. The Prime Minister talked grandly about his commitment to low taxes, but in reality under him, the tax burden reached its highest levels since the 1940s, while immigration also soared, faith in the criminal justice system collapsed and the woke agenda advanced remorselessly. The alienation of the Conservative base made it all the harder for the Government to cope with the cost of living crisis when it exploded this year. Similarly, the climate of moral decay in Downing Street was encapsulated in the two scandals that spelt his doom. Partygate graphically revealed No 10’s contempt for the very rules it imposed with such vigour on the British public during the pandemic. The saga of Chris Pincher, the deputy whip forced out by allegations of drunken harassment, showed a Prime Minister devoid of judgement. Even in his last days, Boris could still inspire with his leadership, as he demonstrated in his heroic support of the Ukrainian resistance to Russia’s invasion. But such nobility was counterbalanced by his many failings, which turned the mood of both party and country against him. Even so, he will be remembered by history as the man who brought back British freedom from Brussels rule, a bigger legacy than most of his predecessors left. 