Matt Baker has admitted he owes his wife Nicola Baker "so much" as he reflects on their relationship. In an unearthed interview, the Our Farm in the Dales star, 44, spoke candidly about his wife-of-18 years, admitting that he wouldn't be where he was without her support. Matt and Nicole met while the Blue Peter star was performing in a disco show at Pier 29 in Cleethorpes. Since then the couple went from strength to strength, marrying in 2004 and welcoming two children together, Luke and Molly. Matt has had a hugely successful TV career, presenting children's show Blue Peter, Countryfile since 2009 and BBC's The One Show before his departure in March 2020. Most recently, Matt and Nicola have opened the doors of their Durham Dales farm to viewers at home, documenting life on the family farm. READ MORE: Loose Women’s Denise Welch sparks frenzy in busty red swimsuit snap Reflecting on his relationship with his wife, Matt admitted that she's been a huge support every step of the way. The TV star said: "I'm so lucky that I met my wife Nicola before any of this telly lark started. "I knew way back then she was the one and I don't think I could have done all this without her," he said to The Mirror in 2011. In another interview, Matt admitted that he "owes so much" to Nicola. He gushed: "I have a very patient wife. Nicola is very supportive and understanding. “She is everything to me. I couldn’t have done any of this without her. “She makes sure there is everything I want when I get home and she’s a fantastic mother. I really owe her so much," he said to Radio Times. Matt runs the family farm with his wife Nicola, his parents Janice and Mike and his two children, Molly, 12 and Luke, 14. DON'T MISS... Amanda Owen addresses ‘chaotic’ home life at Ravenseat amid split [INSIGHT]Madonna, 63, goes topless as she strips off in eye-popping snaps [UPDATE]Lady Victoria Hervey, 45, goes underwear-free in daring number [ANALYSIS] The hit Channel 4 series follows the family in their day to day running of the organic farm in the Durham Dales. Last year in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, Matt spoke out about the running of the farm when he's away. Confirming that Nicola takes the helm in his absence, Matt gushed: "She is incredible, she's so organised, she is the most amazing person, there's no doubt about it. "I'm so fortunate, it was the best day of my life when I met Nicola, there's no doubt about that." However, the father-of-two added that his mum Janice takes control over the day to day running of the farm. He explained: "But as far as the farm is concerned, my mum is the driving force, she's always the shepherdess, she's an incredible shepherdess my mum. "It's great to have such a capable family, that's the world I've grown up in, it's kind of all I know really." He added: "My children are always very helpful, they're always there to do what they can, it's how we roll as a family." Countryfile is on at 7pm on BBC Two tonight.