The Duchess of Sussex is facing renewed backlash for her controversial interview with Oprah Winfrey as Samantha Markle has attempted to sue over defamatory statements. Meghan Markle commented on her relationship with her half-sister in the televised tell-all meeting, claiming that the two “didn’t know” each other because they had such a distant relationship. The lawsuit, originally filed in March and expanded in July, challenges the statements made by the Duchess which Samantha Markle has described as causing “humiliation, shame and hatred.” As the legal battle unfolds, the Duchess of Sussex is set to enter “another war of words” as she vies to defend her exchange with Oprah.    Russel Myers, royal editor for the Daily Mirror said: “The courts will have to decide on this one.” Speaking on Australian network 7News, Mr Myers added: “It’s turned into another war of words that I imagine Meghan didn’t want any part of. “But, what exactly does she mean by a subjective statement? “Certainly, her half-sister Samantha Markle claims that this is complete folly, that she grew up around her half-siblings, that she was part of a family unit.” Meghan’s legal team had hoped to dismiss the defamation lawsuit against the Duchess by arguing the claims made in her Oprah interview were “subjective.” In the shocking 2021 interview, Meghan said: “I grew up as an only child, which everyone around me knows, and I wished I had siblings.” The Duchess had two older half-siblings on her father’s side but has suggested she felt like an only child as she struggled to form a meaningful family relationship with her dad's other children. The court filing asserts that Samantha Markle believes she would be able to disprove Meghan’s claim she grew up as an only child, but Meghan’s team have argued the statements made by the Duchess relate to her personal perception of her early life. Read more: Queen and Charles struggling to contain Sussex rift 'It's impossible!'  Mr Myers added: “She [Samantha] has called her an opportunist of the worst kind and certainly it will call into question other things that Meghan has said. “She accused the Royal Family of racism, abandonment, said that she’d had her passport taken away from her, so I think this is going to be a really interesting case in America. “It’s been lodged in Florida, Samantha Markle is seeking $75,000 in damages for defamation and I guess we’ll have to wait and see. “It’s just another version of events in the Markle saga, unfortunately.” Don't miss: Meghan Markle had 'team of 14' aides to learn royal duties [REVEAL]Prince Harry Home Office row cost taxpayers up to £100k [ANALYSIS]Harry sparks row over 'wading into politics' with 'outright criticism' [INSIGHT] in the Oprah interview, the Duchess claimed she had not seen her half sister in “at least 18, 19 years,” demonstrating their estranged relationship. She added that Samantha had reportedly only reverted to her maiden name after the Duke and Duchess of Sussex began their relationship. Meghan said: “She changed her last name back to Markle in her early 50s, only once I started dating Harry. So, I think that says enough.” According to court documents, Samantha Markle has attempted to sue for “Actual damages in the form of lost employment, lost income from sales of her autobiography, emotional and mental distress, including anxiety and fear due to the threatening and violent emails and messages she receives regularly, and harm to her reputation and credibility.” Read next: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan steps in as Harry 'worried sick' Meghan Markle blasted by TalkTV host 'All fed up of Meghan's truth!'Kate and William desperate for ‘PR boost’Prince Harry was warned Meghan would 'not fit in' with Royal FamilyRoyal Family: New masterplan to scupper Meghan and Harry in US