The marriage of Sophie Wessex and Prince Edward is one which has not been fraught with any controversy or scandal. Body language expert Adrianne Carter spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about how we know the pair are so in love. Adrianne told Express.co.uk: "Edward and Sophie seem in total marital harmony." This is so much so that their actions and poses are often completely in sync. The expert continued: "Their body language often mirrors each other. "Mirroring happens mostly subconsciously when people are in harmony or on the same page as each other. READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Kate Middleton's relationship is 'frosty' "Mirroring, also known as mimicking, is a nonverbal technique in which a person imitates another person's body language, vocal qualities, or attitude." But Adrianne emphasised that this is completely natural and not played up to the cameras or crowds. "It is usually done subconsciously and can convey interest or even attraction and, in this case, tells us that all is well with their relationship." After more than two decades married under the royal spotlight, the couple seem "relaxed and confident" in each other's company. And the pair have navigated their own roles within the relationship, according to the expert. She explained: "Sophie appears to be the more confident of the two, and Edward will often let her take the conversational lead and join in, while he is always ready and listening for when he can add something. "This is the couple working well together and playing to their individual strengths." In many ways this is similar to the relationship between Prince William and Kate Middleton, with William often letting his wife have the limelight. READ MORE: 'Frazzled': Kate Middleton 'un-regal' at Pippa's wedding Adrianne continued: "When we see photos of them on tours or out and about, one of the first things I notice is how close they are." And according to the expert, this gesture is wholly authentic and natural - unlike perhaps others. "It's not as close as some couples get to make a point," she said. "But it's a relaxed and genuine affection shown by how at ease they are in each other's company." This could be observed most recently when the pair attended the Ceremony of the Keys at the Palace of Holyroodhouse with the Queen, and last month at Royal Ascot. Adrianne concluded: "The body does not lie. "When we are at ease, there will be tells and clues such as mirroring and the use of space between couples. "When couples are uncomfortable or uneasy, their body language is not mirrored, and there is more space between their bodies."