Fruit flies are often found buzzing around the home during the warmer months, particularly in the kitchen. This is because they thrive on high-fructose substances and, as such, are often drawn to fermenting fruit and vegetables. Although these tiny bugs are harmless on their own, they can multiply at a rapid pace and, in some cases, are a sign of unsanitary conditions. This is why you should aim to get rid of them as soon as you spot them. However, it can seem like a challenging task, with so many tiny critters to capture. Reddit users banded together in a forum to share their best tips for banishing fruit flies, and there is one homemade remedy that commenters say works "overnight". Across the board, a homemade trap consisting of apple cider vinegar and a drop of dish soap was the most recommended. READ MORE: Plants to ‘avoid’ growing beside each other - ‘very bad idea!’ KwiththeCross said: "Any kind of vinegar should work, but I used apple cider and left half a segment of orange in it, covered the cup with cling film with a few small holes in it, and literally overnight there was so many in the cup." A second user, posting under the name Liskasoo, added: "This is the only thing that works. "You don't need the dish soap when you've got the clingfilm on top, but it works even better if you add some old fruit - pieces of old banana are especially good. "It's basically their favourite smell." DON'T MISSWhen to plant grass seed - benefits of seasonal sowing [EXPLAINER]‘Most effective’ lawn task to stimulate ‘stronger’ grass growth [INSIGHT]UK property market could see ‘biggest threat’ by winter [COMMENT] The stale, sweetness of apple cider vinegar is what attracts the fruit flies. At the same time, the dish soap then works to decrease the surface tension of the liquid. This lures the flies in and causes them to become immediately trapped. You can also use apple cider vinegar on its own, however, you will need to cover the top of your trap with clingfilm to keep flies in. To begin, fill a small bowl with the apple cider vinegar and add a few drops of dish soap. Stir up your solution and then place it in the area you have noticed a high volume of fruit flies. By morning, you should notice the liquid has collected a mass of bugs. If you don't wish to use dish soap, cover the top of your dish with cling film, and then poke small holes in it using a toothpick.