The former aide to Labour Prime Minister Tony Blair called for an early general election and changes to the UK political system arguing Tory members should not be given the chance to select their fourth leader to run the country. He wrote: "Tory leadership 'debate' is underlining the need to sweep the whole lot of them out of power. "Clowns pitching to a tiny number of second and third rate populist MPs to then go before 100,000 old people who think Brexit is great, Rwanda a holiday camp and climate change a myth. "That we allow our Prime Minister to be chosen in this way, when we have had three failed PMs from the same party now selecting the fourth, shows just how broken our politics is." But Mr Campbell was promptly accused of being an "ageist" and received a scolding from Twitter users. Twitter user @polytixs pointed out: "How was Gordon Brown selected as PM when Blair stepped down?" User Simon Worrall echoed: "Labour, of course, does it so much better. Their selection process gave us Ed Miliband instead of David and a Cameron majority in 2015. "Then gave us the hideous Corbyn, which handed Johnson an 80-seat majority. "No room to boast there." Twitter user Martyn Thornhill joked: "It’s funny you didn’t go with wanting those changes when you were involved with good old labour. Pot and kettle." And someone called Phil Thorpe added: "Good morning Alastair, hope you are well, as an old retired British person I would really appreciate it if you could try to be a little more patronising. Have a good day." Eileen Waddington also blasted Mr Campbell for the use of "old". She wrote: "Speaking as 'an old person' Alastair (similar age to yourself). I voted remain, I think Rwanda is a national shame and I worry about climate change like any sensible person. You need to stop stigmatising people for being old - we don't have any say in the matter." READ MORE: Liz Truss launches bid to become PM and outlines key policy Candidates to be the next Tory leader, and therefore prime minister, are currently offering their visions for the party, with rivals arguing over promises of "fantasy tax cuts". The process to replace Boris Johnson continues apace, with the 1922 Committee of backbench MPs electing a new executive committee on Monday, before drawing up a timetable for the leadership contest. An announcement on the schedule for the leadership campaign is expected to follow later in the evening. The process could be tightened so the final two candidates can be voted for by Tory MPs before the Commons enters the summer recess on July 21. DON'T MISS:Ann Widdecombe slams Sunak over tax policy [VIDEO]The three Tory Party candidates who will anger EU most [ANALYSIS]Sunak campaign reacts to Boris' revenge as race to be PM turns nasty [INSIGHT] That would give the chosen pair the summer to campaign for the backing of Conservative Party members, who ultimately select the next prime minister. Foreign Secretary Liz Truss is among those to formally launch her campaign to replace Mr Johnson, as rivals squabble over promises of "fantasy tax cuts". The minister pledged to begin cutting taxes "from day one" while billing herself as an experienced candidate to set herself apart from opponents with less Cabinet experience. Meanwhile, Home Secretary Priti Patel is expected to make a final decision on whether to enter the already crowded race.