Our World: I Call Him By His Name recently landed on BBC iPlayer and takes a look at the deaths of a group of men in the commuter town outside of Kyiv. The factual film is an emotive watch with testimony from the people of Bucha, who witnessed alleged atrocities at the hands of Russian troops during the town’s occupation in March this year. BBC reporter Fergal Keane also spoke to some of the victims’ families and survivor Ivan Skyba who miraculously escaped his attackers by playing dead. Russian forces occupied the town of Bucha from February to March 2022 with Putin's troops eventually withdrawing. The documentary focuses on nine men who were shot by firing squad by Russian forces at a building on 144 Yablunska Street on March 4, 2022, along with testimony from the mothers, girlfriends and wives of these victims. I Call Him By His Name takes viewers through a pre-occupation Bucha, previously an up-and-coming commuter town 30km outside of Kyiv full of parks and lakes. The film then moves onto the Russian onslaught and the terror to war coming to Bucha’s doorstep with tanks rolling into the main street of the unassuming suburb and the month-long occupation. Some of the interviews make for chilling viewing with Natalia Verbova, the wife of victim Andriy Verbovyy, recounting how she was asked to identify her husband’s body, saying: “My husband’s every finger was twisted, broken. They were torturing him deliberately to cause suffering.” The people of Bucha are now demanding answers for why these harrowing events were allowed to occur. Despite the mountain of evidence and various investigations from the New York Times and Amnesty International, President Putin branded the Bucha massacre “fake” and "staged”. Director Doyard said of Putin’s consistent denials about the alleged atrocities: “Because, as the film spells out, that is what he always does. It is an established part of Russian policy to deny, to obfuscate, to set out counter narratives in order to create doubt among the public.” She went on to say her team painstakingly verified all the facts of the story to discover the truth. Doyard, Keane and the rest of the team went to Bucha in May of this year, two months after the city’s liberation, and the documentarian said how the “scars, the mourning and the sorrow” remained “very raw”. Nonetheless, the families of the victims wanted “their pain to be heard” with the filmmakers prioritising security and finding a safe space for the interviewees to speak. I Call Him By His Name is a tough but necessary watch and the filming process was equally as hard with Doyard commenting: “For everybody it was emotionally challenging.” Doyard, who won an Oscar in 2021 for her work as a producer on Collette, also made Platform 5: Escaping from Ukraine in Lviv during the first days of the Ukraine war before she was asked by veteran broadcaster Keane to work on the Bucha massacre. She said: “It is a very important film for me. I am not a soldier who can fight with weapons, nor a lawyer who can apply the law or a diplomat who could try to negotiate with Russian statesmen, but as a filmmaker, I can make a story known. “The Russians tortured and killed these men in what many view as a war crime, depriving them of their basic human rights. “This film commemorates the lives of the men who lost their lives, bringing back their deep humanity. For their memory and for those who love them. This film is a love story.” DON'T MISS...'He didn't like me' Fern Britton opens up on 'difficult' TV co-star [INTERVIEW]Amanda Owen shares surprise over Clive’s unusual present [INSIGHT]Harrison Ford told Steven Spielberg to change Indiana Jones scene [VIDEO]  Doyard said stories of war were more about human begins caught up on the conflict rather than the politics. She added: “War takes away human lives, it shatters families, ravages communities. But what this film does is focus also on the power of love.” The filmmaker has previously been deployed to other conflict zones including the Democratic Republic of Congo, Zimbabwe and the Central African Republic. She is next working on a film in North Africa, saying about her work: “Whether it is in the Democratic Republic of Congo, or Ukraine, or North Africa; the human experience of suffering, how we find hope in desperation, how we keep love alive in the face of terror – is what fascinates me.” Our World: I Call Him By His Name is available to watch now on BBC iPlayer