AMC drama Better Call Saul is only a handful of episodes away from its big series finale. There is a total of 13 episodes in the final outing with fans expecting some big deaths ahead. But before then, there are four more instalments including the forthcoming episode Nippy. Season six, episode 10 will be airing on AMC on Monday, July 25 at 9pm Eastern Standard Time and 8pm Central Time in America. This means Nippy will be coming to screens at 6pm Pacific Standard Time. The instalment will also be available to subscribers of the streaming platform AMC+. British fans have a short wait for Nippy with Netflix UK making the episode available on Tuesday, July 19 from 8am BST. READ MORE: Better Call Saul: Why did Patrick Fabian leave as Howard Hamlin? Episode 10 has been directed by Michelle MacLaren and written by Alison Tatlock. Tatlock has also written previous episodes of Better Call Saul including Black and Blue, JMM, 50%, and Something Stupid. While not much is known about the episode, there have been theories Nippy could reference somewhere cold. The title itself breaks away from the previous naming convention when two things were put in the title. YouTuber Phil The Issues Guy theorised: “I speculate that it could be the end of the current timeline as the primary focus since it’s breaking that X and Y convention. “It could also be symbolic of maybe one of our characters, maybe say Kim, leaving the Albuquerque area and going someplace cold. “Either way, I think it’s extremely interesting that they chose Nippy as an episode title.’ He went on to suggest Nippy would be “really crazy” and would change the “whole dynamic” of Better Call Saul. There’s been further speculation Nippy is a reference to Omaha, Nebraska where Jimmy McGill (played by Bob Odenkirk) was hiding after the events of Breaking Bad. Jimmy/Saul reinvented himself as Gene Takavic, a Cinnabon manager with a distinctive moustache. Additionally, this could mean viewers could start to see more of his life in the future rather than just the black-and-white flash forwards which have come with every new season of Better Call Saul. Interestingly, season six opened with removal men emptying out a luxurious mansion, which is believed to have belonged to Saul and could be the property he left when he became Gene. DON'T MISS...Better Call Saul: When did Bob Odenkirk have heart attack filming? [INSIGHT]Better Call Saul season 6, episode 9 release: What time is it out? [EXPLAINER]Better Call Saul season 6 episode 8: Why was Lalo Salamanca killed? [ANALYSIS] Better Call Saul has had some big deaths since the show returned with Lalo Salamanca (Tony Dalton) getting killed off in a tense sequence with Gus Fring (Giancarlo Esposito) firing the fatal shot. Additionally, attorney Howard Hamlin (Patrick Fabian) was murdered by Lalo after being in the wrong place at the wrong time. With the show on the home run now, there will be big deaths and twists coming including the fate of Kim Wexler (Rhea Seehorn). Some fans are hoping with these other big deaths, Kim may be spared from the chopping block. There are also hopes she and Jimmy/Saul will get a happy ending after all amid the more brutal and bloody finale of Breaking Bad. Better Call Saul season 6 is available to watch on AMC in America and on Netflix in the UK