Royal author Gareth Russell said the Duke and Duchess of Sussex will be remembered for marking the end of the Royal Family's mantra. The unofficial royal tradition has been followed by the Queen and the Queen Mother. Mr Russell told Us Weekly: “I think Harry and Megan will probably be remembered as the people who bury that attitude for themselves and for future generations of the royals. “And that, maybe, is no bad thing.” However, the royal expert added that he did not think Harry and Meghan will respond to provocative biographer Tom Bower's new unoffical biography. The investigative author makes a series of bombshell claims about the Sussexes in Revenge: Meghan, Harry and the War Between the Windsors. Mr Russell said: “You can’t respond to it all. “If you go out answering every single book or allegation, it will consume your entire day. "You won’t have spare time to devote to your own mental health and your own well-being.” “When you are as famous as the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, there is going to be a lot of speculation. “It doesn’t always do anyone good in public life to always be answering and rebutting those claims.” Mr Russell's comments come after Harry and Meghan spoke out about the monarchy in their controversial Oprah Winfrey interview in March 2021. The couple, who are living in California after quitting royal duties a year before the TV interview, made a set of explosive claims to the US talk show host. In response, Buckingham Palace released a short 61-word statement saying "some recollections may vary". The royals are likely to be bracing for fresh claims with Harry releasing his tell-all memoir later this year. The Duke previously said he was penning the book "not as the prince I was born but as the man I have become". He said he would share "the highs and lows, the mistakes, the lessons learned" and promised it would be an "accurate and wholly truthful" account of his life. It comes as Harry and Meghan are pursuing new lives of personal and financial freedom across the pond after stepping back as working royals in March 2020. 