This Morning was joined by the Yorkshire Shepherdess as she showed Dermot and Alison round the Great Yorkshire Show. Getting more than she bargained for, Amanda Owens found herself playing piggy in the middle. Taking over the This Morning sofa while Phil and Holly are on annual leave, Dermot O'Leary and Alison Hammond were joined by Yorkshire Shepherdess Amanda Owens. Amanda was reporting live from the Great Yorkshire Show and swapped sheep for pigs as she attempted to herd the farm animals on air. Things quickly got out of hand as she soon discovered it wouldn't be as easy as it looked. Stumbling over a pig that snuck up behind her, the television personality quickly regained her balance before getting stuck in the mud. READ MORE: Ann Widdecombe in huge row with union chief 'Back to 70s!' Taking over the This Morning sofa while Phil and Holly are on annual leave, Dermot O'Leary and Alison Hammond were joined by Yorkshire Shepherdess Amanda Owens.  Amanda was reporting live from the Great Yorkshire Show and swapped sheep for pigs as she attempted to herd the farm animals on air.  Things quickly got out of hand as she soon discovered it wouldn't be as easy as it looked.  Stumbling over a pig that snuck up behind her, the television personality quickly regained her balance before getting stuck in the mud.  The breakfast time segment was to highlight the current agricultural show taking place in Yorkshire, Amanda's home county. Ready and waiting to show viewers how to herd pigs, the slot didn't go exactly to plan as she struggled to gain control. "This isn't what you see on Babe," she exclaimed to the pig professional that was assisting her. Frantically waving around a wooden stick and piece of plastic, Amanda eventually got the animal to follow her lead, but not before she nearly toppled over the back of another pig behind her. She could be heard telling the local farmer: "I'm a natural. "I can see me slipping in some pig poo now." During the rest of the segment the shepherdess shared with viewers what else the show had to offer. Alongside the pig debacle, she was joined by Matt Baker who helped her showcase the overall programming of the sold out event. DON'T MISS...Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen opens up on 'stress and pressure' [INSIGHT]Amanda Owen teased as she baffles fans with stumbling appearance [INSIGHT]Amanda Owen speaks out on new role ‘Jumped at the chance’ [UPDATE] Turning their attention to the local grub on offer, the pair sipped on a pint from a nearby brewery. Taking the pint from the brewer, Amanda explained: "It’s not just animals we’ve got on offer." Joking it may have been too early for a beverage, Amanda and Matt both agreed it was perfectly acceptable to have a taste. She told the camera: "I mean, some people might say it’s a bit early for this. "But being farmers, we’ve been up since the crack of dawn!" Echoing the statement Matt joined in: "It’s 10 o’clock, it’s past lunch time." Usually on screens in a different capacity with her now ex-husband Clive, for the Our Yorkshire Farm star, the cameo was her first TV appearance since the breakdown of her marriage. This Morning airs weekdays at 10am on ITV.