The clip comparing the two speeches side-by-side appears to show some resemblances, with Prince William’s 2021 Church of Scotland Speech referencing similar talking points. Referencing his mother’s death, William said: “And in the dark days of grief that followed, I found comfort and solace in the Scottish outdoors.”  In yesterday’s speech, Harry also referenced his late mother Princess Diana when talking about Africa, saying: “It’s where I felt closest to my mother and sought solace after she died.” He goes on to talk about Meghan Markle, adding “and where I knew I’d found a soulmate in my wife.” Similarly, Prince William said in his 2021 speech: “It was here in Scotland, 20 years ago, that I first met Catherine. Needless to say, the time when you meet your future wife holds a very special place in your heart.” Writing on Twitter, one user @RoyalImposters, wrote alongside the clip: “Prince Harry just copied and pasted Prince William’s 2021 Church of Scotland Speech.”  Prince Harry was also accused of copying the format of the speech. It comes as Harry and Meghan faced protests outside of the speech to the United Nations in New York. UN members gathered in the General Assembly Hall on Monday to observe Nelson Mandela International Day. But protestors were pictured outside holding up signs urging the Duke and Duchess to go home.  READ MORE: I give it full throttle when news breaks, says VANESSA FELTZ One protestor held up a sign reading: “Mandela spent 27 years behind bars in SA. Markle spent 18 months in castles and complained on TV during a pandemic. Why are they here?” The Duke was also mocked for “empty seats” during his speech after footage emerged showing the Assembly Hall. One Twitter user, @WalkerDevon1922, sarcastically commented: “It was to a packed house.” @lindajoy54 added: “The big UN speech today was a bust for Harry! Room was almost EMPTY!“  DON'T MISS:Prince Harry's speech 'lacked a lot of substance' [INSIGHT]Prince Harry leaves expert baffled with 'world on fire' UN warning [COMMENT]Nelson Mandela's grandson laughs at Harry's UN speech 'Worlds apart' [PICTURES] @Awareone5 quipped: “Harry addressing an empty UN assembly today.“Folks must be on vacation, or not interested in what he had to say.” @sarah_delore added: “The room at the UN is embarrassingly empty.” But royal expert Marlene Koenig disagreed, commenting: “It was never meant to be a packed house as this was an informal event for Mandela Day. “The GA [General Assembly] does not come until September.” 