Millions of homes will suddenly find they have more to watch and it won't cost a penny extra to tune in. Amazon has just announced that its new Freevee service, formerly IMDb TV, is coming to a swathe of TVs with owners able to settle down for an evening of entertainment without reaching for the credit card. This new platform includes a vast library of movies along with classic TV shows and favourites such as Les Misérables, The Voices, Person of Interest and The Closer. Viewers will also find recently launched crime drama Bosch: Legacy and new home-design series Hollywood Houselift with Jeff Lewis as well as upcoming premieres of the service’s first Original film, Love Accidentally. So which TVs are now showing Freevee content? Amazon has confirmed that its app will launch across Google TV and other Android TV OS devices including Sony, Panasonic, Hisense, Phillips, Sharp, Vestel, Nvidia, Xiaomi and TCL. READ MORE: Check your Samsung TV now! You may have just received a game-changing upgrade If you own one of these goggleboxes then keep your eyes peeled as Freevee should be available within the next few days. Speaking ahead of the initial launch earlier this year, Ashraf Alkarmi, director of Amazon Freevee, said: "Customers are increasingly shifting to streaming ad-supported premium content, and we have developed Amazon Freevee to deliver them highly sought content with limited ads. "Our new name clearly communicates who we are: an easy-to-navigate streaming service, available to users for free, whenever and wherever they choose to watch some of the greatest Original and licensed content available." Along with some TVs, Freevee has also announced that it will be launching on Android devices this month as well. That means anyone with a Google-powered phone or tablet will also be able to watch content for free. Amazon first rebranded IMDb TV to Freevee towards the end of April, and it came after the ad-supporting service saw its monthly users in the US triple over the last two years. The online retail giant said one of the reasons for the rebrand was to help communicate to users clearly that the service offers a wealth of free content.