Former Liverpool forward Luis Garcia has told the Reds’ new £85million striker Darwin Nunez that he must “work harder” after his disappointing pre-season performance during the 4-0 defeat to Manchester United. The Uruguayan also struggled during the friendly with Crystal Palace as clips of Nunez failing to find the back of the net went viral on social media. Garcia does not believe that Liverpool fans should worry about their new signing, but thinks the 23-year-old will have to adapt his game in order to impress his new boss Jurgen Klopp. “No, not at all,” Garcia replied when asked by ESPN if supporters had a right to be concerned by Nunez’s pre-season displays. “We realise he’s going to have to work harder because Liverpool plays in a very different than he was playing for Benfica, Benfica was playing for him, he was ready to receive the ball in those spaces to make the transition, he’s quick, strong, a player who is very clever, [his] awareness of the ball is fantastic. “After all that, he has to track back, he has to press and at the moment, I saw him play in the two games against Man United and Crystal Palace and he struggled, he wants to show that he’s going to be ready to play, to press, to press at that high pressure that Liverpool is doing with Jurgen Klopp. After three, four runs it was just too much, he felt tired. JUST IN: Saka's intention for Arsenal future clear amid Liverpool transfer link “When you’re tired, the guys will tell you, and you’re not fresh when you receive the ball, the legs don’t follow. Your head is telling you to do something but the legs don’t follow. He had a few chances, good chances, clear chances but I think it was because he’s tired.” Nunez took to social media to respond to his critics. On Twitter and Instagram he posted several photos on the pitch for Liverpool with the caption “Resiliencia”, which translates to ‘resilience’, and he added a shushing emoji.  Klopp came to the defence of his forward, saying the criticism Nunez received is not important to the German. “I’m not worried at all,” Klopp said. “The general judgement is absolutely nil interest [to us]. It will be like this, and we all know it. It's kind of a game or a joke for some people to pick out some situations where a player's not doing well. "That's only a game from [fans of] other clubs, which is normal. Our fans probably do [the same] with signings of Manchester United. We cannot take this seriously.” Liverpool bounced back from defeat to rivals United with a 2-0 win over Palace, as Jordan Henderson and Mohamed Salah got on the scoresheet. “This player [Nunez] has trained with this team three sessions, that’s it,” Garcia added. “Three sessions to play against Man United and had ten against Crystal Palace, he played only 30 minutes. So I think this player, the movements, the way that he plays he’s going to give a lot but they need to wait, he needs to become physically ready to play at the level and the intensity that Liverpool plays.”