Janine (played by Madeline Brewer) was recaptured by Gilead forces after attempting to get to Canada alongside June Osborne (Elisabeth Moss). While the latter was found by her best friend Moira Strand (Samira Wiley), who managed to escape the evil Gilead regime years before, Janine found herself back at square one. The Handmaid's Tale fans were hoping to see a happy outcome for both Janine and June, but they were separated and Janine has returned to the clutches of Aunt Lydia (Ann Dowd). However, instead of forcing her immediately back into service, Lydia has allowed Janine to remain in The Red Centre. Could she be grooming her to become an Aunt herself? Despite being desperate to escape along with the other handmaid while they were on the run, Janine has always shown less resistance when it comes to Gilead and the authorities. Because of her agreeable nature and politeness towards Aunt Lydia, the latter has always had a soft spot for her. Janine was always eager to please while under the regime and remained naive towards Aunt Lydia's abuse of her and the others. On her return to the Red Centre, Aunt Lydia uncharacteristically pulled Janine into a hug and agreed to let her stay at the centre. READ MORE: 'He didn't like me' Fern Britton opens up on 'difficult' TV co-star This was an unorthodox move, which was pointed out to Lydia by the other Aunts, who suggested Janine be sent back into service. Aunt Lydia defended her decision to keep Janine around, pointing out that she influenced Esther Keyes (Mckenna Grace) to obey the Aunts. Rebellious Esther had been refusing to comply with their demands after being recaptured, and a concerned Janine overheard what the Aunts were planning to do to her in order to force her to obey them. Janine set about trying to convince her to follow the orders given, and eventually, Esther agreed. Some fans of the hit dystopian series believe this plot could lead to Janine joining the dark side by becoming an Aunt herself. Reddit user u/bigfoot114 summarised their theory for season five and included a possible Janine twist. The viewer wrote: "Aunt Lydia’s rise in power was also beginning to take shape around the end of season 4. "I believe she will continue to rise in power and basically get whatever she wants without others questioning her. DON'T MISS... Richard Osman pays tribute to Pointless co-star Alexander 'I'm lucky' [LATEST]Coronation Street theory: Jack Webster taken by social services [THEORY]Kate Garraway to return to GMB ‘as soon as possible’ as Derek hospital [VIDEO] "I am curious about her relationship with Janine. "She truly loves and cares about Janine and knows that Janine doesn’t want to go back into service. "Based on Janine’s success in 'taming' Esther Keyes, I wonder if Aunt Lydia will actually begin grooming Janine to be an aunt. Think about it. Aunt Janine!" The idea definitely makes sense, because if Janine doesn't go back into serving as a handmaid, she will need to be given a different responsibility.  After Lydia noticed the sway Janine had over Esther, it's possible she will request for her to be made an Aunt. This would keep the pair close, something they would both prefer, whilst ensuring Janine doesn't make another escape. Could kind-natured Janine take a dark turn when she's given power? It's possible she will be so eager to prove herself to Aunt Lydia that she may end up forgetting herself as she encourages the other handmaids to comply. The Handmaid’s Tale season 5 airs from September 14 in the US on Hulu.