Ben Fogle's wife Marina Fogle has candidly opened up about one of her "most haunting" experiences as a mother.  In an unearthed interview, the podcaster recalled the moment she and her daughter Iona were playing a swinging game when she heard a “crack”, resulting in a trip to the hospital. It comes as Ben Fogle's New Lives in the Country continues this evening. Marina spoke candidly about taking her daughter Iona to the hospital after hearing a "crack" during a game.  While the injury was nothing more than a twisted elbow, Marina told how a nurse had asked if the family had ever been visited by social services.  She explained in a column from 2017 how it made her realise that encouraging children to take risks is now considered “dangerous”.  Marina then gave a frank account of how she attempts to bring her children out of comfort and encourages them to confront things they are afraid of. READ MORE: Stacey Solomon and Joe Swash have married in 'joyous' ceremony  She explained she once set up an accident for Iona so she could learn how not to go down a staircase.  The mother-of-two explained that she once set up a cushioned landing with dog beds at the bottom of four stairs, and let her daughter fall instead of intervening as she attempted to crawl down them headfirst.  Marina wrote: "I was obviously there to catch her and make sure she didn’t hurt herself, but the shock frightened her.  "She cried for a bit but it was the last time she tried to go headfirst down the stairs," she added. Marina and husband Ben share two children together, Ludo, 12, and Iona, 11 and they have been married for 16 years.  She added that she and Ben gave the children whittling knives last Christmas.  "[They] provided them with hours of entertainment while the (superficial) cuts taught them much better than we could have done to respect knives," she said.  Ben also believes in teaching his kids to do things the hard way; once giving them a lesson on how to start a fire with a magnifying glass. READ MORE... Meghan and Harry's appearance 'paint a thousand words' claims host [NEWS] David Warner dead: Titanic and Omen star dies aged 80 [LATEST] Paul O'Grady inundated with support after falling ill [BREAKING] He said in an interview with The Independent in 2017 : “My five and seven-year-old have got knives, whittling knives, they’ve got a sharp blade...to whittle wood.  Ben Added: “We make fire. They do everything. We treat them like grown-ups.  “One of the reasons that we are all so obsessed with fire is that when we are children we’re told to ‘stay clear of fire, don’t take that match, fire is dangerous.” In the column, Marina concluded it would be easier to “wrap the kids in cotton wool” but explained her kids are most alive when taking risks.  Ben Fogle tied the knot with his wife Marina Fogle in 2006.  Marina once explained her beliefs about expressing your emotions to your children, when on podcast As Good As It Gets.  She said: "I think that sometimes you have to lose it with them. Anger can sometimes be a real force for good.”  Ben Fogle's New Lives in the Country airs this evening on Channel 5 at 9pm