Leonor, Princess of Asturias, 16, stepped out on Sunday in Catalonia with her younger sister Infanta Sofia, 15. The two daughters of Queen Letizia of Spain visited the Dali Theatre-Museum in Figueres in Catalonia. Leonor and Sofia were taken on a tour of the facilities ahead of the Princess of Girona Awards on Monday, July 4, in Barcelona.  During their visit to the museum, the Princess and the Infanta held a meeting with eight young people linked to the Princess of Girona Foundation and then visited the museum. This is the first time that Leonor has visited the province of Girona. The trip was incredibly significant because as well as the Princess of Asturias, Leonor bears the historical title of Princess of Girona. For the occasion, Leonor wore a gorgeous red and white dress from Mango.  The beautiful day dress reached just below the Princess’s knees, had puffy shoulders and short sleeves, and was cinched in at the waist with a belt. The dress costs just £69.99 and looks fabulous on the heir to the throne. Leonor paired the dress with some ‘Clara by Day Wheat’ espadrilles from Alohas. The shoes cost 100 Euros, or roughly £86.16.   Infanta Sofia wore a stunning dress beside her older sister. The younger daughter of Queen Letizia opted for the ‘Eco-friendly Viscose Dress’ from Claudie Pierlot. This short dress with long sleeves costs £299 and looks very cool on the young Princess. The description on the website says: “Short floaty long-sleeved dress.  “Made of plain-coloured viscose. “Ruffled gathered skirt section. “Contrasting stitching and embroidery.” Sofia also opted for espadrilles, just like her older sister. However, Sofia chose a black fluffy pair of espadrilles, decorated with white bows wrapped around her ankles.  Leonor chose to style her hair in a half-up, half-down fashion. Sofia, on the other hand, wore her hair down. But she also took two strands of hair at the front of her face and plaited them into two braids for some added glamour. Both sisters wore minimal makeup and no added jewellery. If Leonor ascends to the throne, she would be Spain's first Queen Regnant since Isabella II, who reigned from 1833 to 1868. 