ITV host Lorraine Kelly broke down in tears as she recalled this week's funeral, commemorating the life of 'Bowel Babe' Deborah James after she sadly succumbed to cancer at the age of just 40. The feisty Scottish presenter revealed she'd made a pact with a group of her friends at the service to get the words "Rebellious Hope" tattooed. Deborah had been a strong cancer campaigner towards the end of her life, and hoped that raising awareness of bowel cancer would aid early detection and prevent future deaths. Donations for her fund are still pouring in, with over £7 million now raised, but Lorraine, 62, had a more unusual way to remember her friend than just donating. "I think yesterday there was a whole bunch of us that said we're going to get tattoos with Rebellious Hope on them," she told the world on her show. She added candidly: "I think I agreed to that!" READ NOW: Helen Skelton flashes flashes abs in crop top amid recent split Rebellious Hope was the slogan Deborah created as she neared the end of her life. She had it emblazoned on T-shirts, which were then donned by celebrities including Andy Murray's wife Kim, who wore one of the garments in the audience at Wimbledon. Lorraine seemed to be planning for a more permanent etching of the word, telling Dr Hilary Jones: "We're just deciding where they're going to be!" The TV doctor seemed a little nervous about the prospect, quizzing: "Why are you looking at me?" However he conceded: "The only person I would do it for is Deborah, so I'll have a think about that!" A heartbroken Lorraine assured the audience of her beloved friend that regardless of who gets a tattoo, "She'll never ever be forgotten." She had attended Wednesday's memorial service with fellow presenter Gaby Roslin and other mourners, alongside Deborah's family who were brandishing white flowers. The presenter had taken to Instagram later to share her feelings about what had taken place. DON'T MISS... Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen's 'invasive' issue ahead of divorce [INSIGHT] Neighbours’ Jackie Woodburne on 'heartbreaking' farewell to character [INTERVIEW] Coronation Street's Millie Gibson reunites with onscreen mum Kel Allen [PHOTOS]  "My dear friend your funeral today was beautiful," she wrote. "Your children and your husband gave the most heartfelt and lovely tributes. "You would have been so proud," she assured her in the open letter. Adding that she missed her friend already, she fondly described her as a "fabulous, funny, passionate force of nature". Deborah had maintained a positive mindset ever since first being diagnosed with the deadly disease back in 2016. Her biggest fear had been the prospect of leaving behind her two children, 14-year-old son Hugh and 12-year-old daughter Eloise. However the determined columnist's battle had not gone unnoticed, with Prince William personally praising her and singling her out for a damehood. The You Me and The Big C podcast presenter, who tirelessly tried to raise awareness even down to her final hours, also continued to be as active as possible. Her active treatment ended back in May, but she still attended events including Ascot, pasting a brave smile onto her face.