Barcelona have reportedly 'encouraged' Chelsea to make a move for Frenkie de Jong, as the Dutchman's proposed switch to Manchester United continues to stall. The Blues have emerged as another potential destination for De Jong, who could leave the Spanish giants in the coming weeks. Erik ten Hag has been trying all summer to bring De Jong to Old Trafford, but United have been unable to come to terms on a deal with Barcelona. The La Liga outfit have denied that the former Ajax man is for sale - but a new report from PA has revealed that Barca have encouraged Chelsea to bid for the 25-year-old. It's claimed that new Blues co-owner Todd Boehly and Behdad Eghali met with the Barcelona hierarchy for dinner on Thursday night in a bid to thrash out a deal for Marcos Alonso, who is being tracked by the Spanish giants. But the report states that they were given positive feedback by Barcelona when the prospect of a move for De Jong was brought up. READ MORE: Barcelona star Frenkie de Jong 'picks between' Man Utd and Chelsea De Jong has reportedly made it clear that he has no desire to join Manchester United this summer - partly because they are unable to offer Champions League football after their nightmare season. Chelsea, however, have booked their spot in next year's competition, so could be a more attractive proposition for De Jong. Chelsea may also have the upper-hand in negotiations when it comes to De Jong, as Barcelona are interested in acquiring Alonso and Blues captain Cesar Azpilicuetta. If Thomas Tuchel is open to losing that duo, then the Londoners could use the pair as makeweights in any potential deal for De Jong, who would command a sizable sum. DON'T MISS: Barcelona 'want Man City signing' before selling Man Utd De JongFrenkie de Jong may already have Haaland issue as he plans arrivalMan Utd told they must make 10 transfers this summer to get top four Tuchel is likely to have the final say on whether or not the Blues will rival Manchester United in the race for De Jong, as the Chelsea chief has been given a more hands-on role in the club's recruitment plans following the departures of Marina Granovskaia and Petr Cech. The German has already been busy in the transfer market, with the club closing in on a £45m deal for Raheem Sterling. The Manchester City and England star is keen to move on from the Etihad this summer and would become the focal point of a new-look Chelsea attack. Romelu Lukaku completed a return to Inter Milan just 12 months after he joined the Blues in a club-record deal, leaving Tuchel light on attacking options.