A common sight in Benidorm, mobility scooters were first popularised by the hit TV show set in the resort town. However, authorities are now cracking down on tourists who break the laws. According to a mobility scooter rental company, around 80 percent of renters in Benidorm are British tourists. A whistleblower at a rental company told Olive Press: “The Brits often lie to use as they do not meet the requirements to get a scooter.” A worker from a rental company estimated that around half of those who rent a scooter don’t qualify for one. One claimed: “Most of these are young Brits who want to use it to go clubbing to escape the cost of a taxi.” READ MORE: 'How to get free drinks and upgrades': Flight attendant shares tricks They claimed that a lot of people couldn’t prove they had a disability but insisted that they are unable to walk. Some renters said they were getting the scooter for an older parent while others allowed unauthorised people to ride it. Locals have claimed that many drivers don’t respect the maximum speed limits and are a danger to other holidaymakers. Police are set to check more scooters as part of a new crackdown on improper scooter usage in Benidorm. A council spokesperson said: “A campaign has been launched to inform establishments that hire these vehicles to make sure they are complying with municipal by-laws and police officers are also keeping tabs on the people who are using them.” They added that some tourists were speeding on the scooters while others were using them in banned areas. Serious breaches of the rules can see tourists forced to pay a 500 euro (£425) fine and have their scooter confiscated. Only those over the age of 55 are allowed to use the scooters unless they have mobility problems. READ MORE: The Cruise crew face chaos as important item goes missing Only people with mobility problems can use them on pavements and they shouldn’t go faster than walking pace. In other areas, tourists shouldn’t exceed a speed of over 12 miles per hour and must wear a helmet. In the past there have been incidents where people have crashed into shops or got stuck trying to ride on the beach. On Facebook, Wayne Tomlinson said: “About time. Benidorm in the daytime is like Le Mans with scooters, and at night a destruction derby.” Barbara Marshall said: “We have heard all this before, nothing will change. The genuine users are fine but those who just hire because they can use them for fun are the troublemakers.” The Council has said it would like to see the scooters used responsibly and for legitimate reasons. Benidorm is one of the UK’s top Spanish destinations and millions of Britons travel there each year. The resort was recently named the most ‘British’ town in Spanish due to the number of British pubs, restaurants and residents.