Cristiano Ronaldo could still be front and centre of Manchester United's 2022/23 home kit launch, despite his desire to leave the club this summer. United release their latest strip on Friday morning, with demand likely to be as high as ever as it marks the first of Erik ten Hag's reign as manager. The Red Devils welcomed Ronaldo back in the latter stages of the 2021 summer transfer window after he made a sudden push to leave Juventus. Those circumstances now sound familiar, with the 37-year-old striker's agent Jorge Mendes currently on a tour of Europe to find an Old Trafford escape route. Ronaldo joined United as an elite goalscorer bound to serve a fresh dish of nostalgia after his memorable first stint at the club. And - despite an outstanding debate over whether he improved the team or not - he didn't disappoint, scoring 24 goals throughout his first season back in M16. But Ed Woodward didn't just recruit the icon for his goals. The former chief executive sniffed a commercial opportunity, an aspect that fuelled the majority of his dealings at the helm. And Ronaldo's presence indeed boosted United on and off the pitch last season, almost repaying his £12million transfer fee back in shirt sales within days. JUST IN: Leeds star Raphinha 'to train alone' after Chelsea and Arsenal bids While Richard Arnold is now in Woodward's place, United and Adidas will have the same idea with their latest kit launch. Ronaldo is likely to be plastered around the club's stadium, social media platforms and website and grab attention and rake in revenue. However, there is a clear problem. Given the Portugal international's desire to depart United before the end of the transfer window, what happens when he inevitably forces his way out? What happens to the millions of fans with Ronaldo's legendary name and number combo plastered on the back of their shirts? What happens to the club's image in general? READ MORE: Arsenal icon Ian Wright speaks out on huge Tottenham transfer spending United have remained firm on their stance, insisting Ronaldo isn't for sale by any means this summer and will honour the final year of his contract at the club. But he's yet to report back to training, and Erik ten Hag's squad fly out to Thailand for the first leg of their pre-season tour on Friday. Ten Hag will have built plans for his first season in the hot seat around a player of Ronaldo's quality and impact. But keeping him around will disrupt a dressing the Dutchman already has a mammoth task to repair. Simply put, it's decision time for United, and Ronaldo's expected inclusion in Friday's kit launch only spells trouble in the long-term.