Manchester United transfer target Frenkie de Jong is already engaging in battle with new Manchester City man Erling Haaland three months before they could meet on the pitch for the first time in the Premier League. De Jong is widely expected to join United this summer and looks to be planning his arrival. The Red Devils have broadly agreed a deal worth £56million plus add-ons for the Barcelona midfielder, hoping to reunite Erik ten Hag with his No 1 summer transfer target. Negotiations over the structure of the add-ons are continuing, and De Jong is yet to agree on personal terms. However, despite club president Joan Laporta's public contrasting comments, he has seemingly accepted his fate lies at Old Trafford, with Barcelona eager to offload him to soothe their financial woes. The Mirror report De Jong is currently searching for a house in Manchester but faces competition from Haaland. The 21-year-old striker, who joined Man City from Borussia Dortmund earlier in the window, is in pole position to secure the keys to a £3.5m mansion in Nether Alderley, Cheshire. And the lavish property belongs to none other than United icon and Ten Hag's predecessor, Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. JUST IN: Man Utd told they must make 10 transfers this summer to get top four The Norwegian has given his Scandanavian compatriot priority, and he is considering the property, among others, including Paul Pogba's £3m pad, which will be vacant after his inevitable return to Juventus. Solskjaer bought the land in 2007, replacing an old moat house with a five-bed mansion built from glass and timber. The solar-powered eco-friendly property, complete with ground source heat pumps and 'low volume flush systems' in the toilets, boasts everything a footballer needs. A five-a-side pitch, a gym area and a swimming pool were formerly enjoyed by Liverpool star Virgil van Dijk, who moved out when Solskjaer returned to the city to manage United. READ MORE: Man Utd's Cristiano Ronaldo has two 'preferred' next clubs De Jong may have to look elsewhere for a place to stay, but there is hope that he will complete his big-money move to United after returning from his holiday. Ten Hag and his squad fly out to Bangkok on Friday to begin their two-and-a-half-week pre-season tour of Thailand and Australia, and there could be a couple of new faces on the plane. Feyenoord left-back Tyrell Malacia has completed a £15m move to the Red Devils; official confirmation pending. And Christian Eriksen is set to join Ten Hag's rebuild on a free transfer after snubbing a return to Brentford to verbally agree on a three-year contract.