Mr Pinner, alongside fellow British soldier Aiden Aslin, was sentenced to death by a Russian proxy court in the rebel-held Donetsk People's Republic (DPR) for serving with the Ukrainian army in Vladimir Putin's war on the nation. The two men were charged with being mercenaries. Hlib Stryzhko, a marine who battled in a position close to Mr Pinner's at the Illich Iron and Steel Works, said "they have to be exchanged". Mr Pinner, 48, and Mr Aslin, 28, had both been in Ukraine since 2018 and insist they were legitimately serving with the country's military – so should be protected as prisoners of war by the Geneva Convention. A third man, Moroccan national Saaudun Brahim, was convicted with them. Mr Stryzhko is currently recovering from a broken jaw and pelvis in a Kyiv hospital. Wounded while defending Mariupol, he was told his best chance of getting medical attention was with the enemy. So, choosing to stay alive made him a prisoner of war. READ MORE: Putin murders innocent children in rare and chilling attack OUTSIDE Ukraine After weeks of physical and psychological torture, he was part of an agreed exchange between Kyiv and Moscow which returned a dozen marines injured at the Illich steel works. Now, while he learns to walk again, he tells his story — and that of those who are unable to — from his hospital bed. The last time Mr Stryzhko saw Mr Pinner, who according to his family was serving in the 36th Brigade, he says the Briton suffered an eye injury after a Russian attack under a railway bridge. The next was in the video featuring the devastating verdict that could end the British fighter's life. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Mr Stryzhko said: "in the middle of June, I saw them [Mr Pinner and Mr Aslin] in that video where they were sentenced by the Russians. "It is very difficult for me to understand and realise that a lot of my friends, a lot of soldiers whom I was with in one unit, they are just dead, their bodies are just laying there where they fell, or they're under Russian captivity." The 25-year-old continued: "There are a lot of brave soldiers who are still in captivity and they have to be exchanged. "Shaun is a very joyful and very calm person. "It was a pleasure to be in the same unit. "This should be kind of a reminder [of the need for prisoner exchanges] for everyone." DON'T MISSTenerife horror: Devastating wildfires rip through holiday hotspot [IMAGES]EU on brink of descending into fresh economic meltdown [ANALYSIS]UK set for 'more austerity' with Rishi, Brits predict: 'We need money' [VIDEO] The young soldier, who condemns Russia as a country that only "understands the language of aggression and power", said the Britons' sentence is "the picture for Russian propaganda". The image of two British soldiers losing their lives to Putin's regime is "manipulation", he said. Denouncing Russia as a "terrorist" nation, he said: "This is a very good image for Russia to show that the [sentenced soldiers] came from a NATO country to Ukraine and are fighting for Ukraine. This is manipulation. "These guys have to be exchanged, they have to be back to their homes and then to their positions a the battlefield." The three soldiers appealed against their sentences earlier this month. The UK has made clear Mr Pinner, from Bedfordshire, and Mr Aslin, from Newark, Nottinghamshire, are prisoners of war entitled to immunity and should not face prosecution for taking part in hostilities. Mr Stryzhko is still hopeful that justice will turn in the men's favour. He said: "The Ukrainian authorities that take care of the exchange of prisoners of war, they will do everything dependent on them, everything that is possible, to bring them back." The court, in one of Ukraine's breakaway regions, is not internationally recognised. In a statement released by the UK Foreign Office, Mr Pinner's family declared the proceedings in the DRP to be a "show trial".