Declan Donnelly, 46, has taken to Twitter to share the news of the arrival of his second child, Jack Anthony Alphonsus. The NTA award winning presenter has praised his newborn for being a "very welcoming ray of light" since the recent death of his brother, Father Dermott Donnelly. Dec took to Twitter to share a picture of his newborn son holding his finger to break the amazing news to his 6.8 million followers. He captioned the post: "Shortly before 10am yesterday, 23.7.2022, Ali and I welcomed the arrival of our son, Jack Anthony Alphonsus, a very welcome ray of light. "He is wonderful and Isla is beyond excited to be a big sister! D x." Many social media users rushed to the comments to congratulate the presenter on the arrival of his son. READ MORE: Emma Thompson's affair plot in Love Actually mirrored her real life Beth1814 said: "NO WAY!! Did anyone else not know Ali was pregnant? My jaw is on the floor!" Kkayyeiiggh added: "This is beautiful, congratulations! I bet Isla is going to be a fabulous big sister." Melorno commented: "Oh wow! Congratulations to you all! "I hope this brings some much needed happiness to you all." Rumours have circulated over the last few months over the possibility Ali was pregnant when she was pictured running errands in May. She cut a casual figure in leggings and a grey hoodie, with a baby bump visible through her jumper. Dec married Ali in 2015 and they already have one daughter together, Isla Elizabeth Anne Donnelly, who was born in 2018. Their wedding was initiated by Dec's late brother, Father Dermott Donnelly. DON'T MISS... Amanda Holden risks baring all as beach dress billows in the wind [PICS] James Garner’s damning assessment of Doris Day’s husband: 'Shallow!' [INSIGHT] Victoria Beckham performs Spice Girls hit during wild karaoke session [INSTAGRAM] Dec's brother sadly passed away aged just 55 after he collapsed earlier this month. A statement released by the family at the time said: "It is with great sadness that I inform you of the death of Fr Dermott Donnelly who died peacefully this afternoon in hospital. "This has come as a great shock to all of us. "Please pray for the repose of his soul and keep his family, especially his mother, in your prayers at this difficult time." Dermott's funeral will take place next week in Newcastle, as reported by The Mirror. The Donnelly family said in a statement: "Due to limited space, we would encourage those who wish to participate in the Requiem Mass on Friday 29 July to gather at St Michael’s church. "The Mass will be live-streamed and Holy Communion will be made available. Following the Requiem Mass, Fr Dermott’s cortege will pass St Michael’s for those who wish to pay their respects." Father Dermott was taken into hospital after a serious illness and his body will be received into St Michael’s, Newcastle on Thursday.