Arsenal legend Ian Wright has expressed his concern regarding Tottenham's transfer business this summer as he admits the Gunners' bitter north London rivals make him "feel s***". Antonio Conte has spent £90million on new signings already in the current window, and with more on anticipated, Wright revealed he can't help but feel worried about the threat Spurs pose.  Arsenal endured Champions League heartbreak at the end of the campaign just gone as they were pipped to the post by Tottenham right at the last. To further compound the Gunners' misery, age-old foes Spurs have since exploited their European advantage by making waves in the transfer market, with Conte expected to take the club's spending beyond £100m in the coming weeks. Tottenham have already recruited four new faces in the current transfer window, and with Conte closing in on two more signings, Wright candidly opened up on how "jealous" and fearful he is of the force Spurs could become next season. Speaking on ‘Wrighty’s House’ podcast, he said: "I feel Tottenham are going to cause problems. "You can’t not be jealous of that summer, especially coming from the other side of north London. They are frightening, man. Everything we are doing at Arsenal, and I am putting on as my armour. READ MORE: Dybala 'evaluating' Man Utd transfer as Inter Milan stance gives Erik ten Hag boost  "But we have done this. We have Vieira. We have two number 10s now. And we are still trying for [Youri] Tielemans. And we have Gabriel Jesus. "So, you are trying to arm yourself because the Tottenham fans are saying ‘well, we have Bissouma now, Richarlison, [Harry] Kane, then Bentancur is going to kick in and we have seen what [Cristian] Romero is about'. When you look at how Tottenham can flex under this manager, it makes me feel s***." DON'T MISSTottenham boss Antonio Conte has four options as Christian Eriksen 'agrees' Man Utd moveMan Utd have six shirt numbers Christian Eriksen can take with two choices most likelyCristiano Ronaldo told 'sexy' transfer deal is better than Chelsea's offer for Man Utd ace  In addition to recruiting the quartet of Fraser Forster, Ivan Perisic, Bissouma and Richarlison, Tottenham are on the verge of completing a season-long loan deal for Barcelona defender Clement Lenglet, while highly-rated Middlesborough right wing-back Djed Spence could soon follow him through the arrival doors at Spurs. Conte also added Dejan Kulusevski and Rodrigo Bentacur to his ranks in January and the former Juventus pair made an immediate impact in north London. Arsenal have themselves strengthened this summer, signing top target Gabriel Jesus from Manchester City in addition to Marquinhos, Fabio Vieira and Matt Turner. Mikel Arteta is still pushing to make further signings before the summer window is up.  