Lorraine Kelly, 62, has shared her reaction after “a lot of her friends” from ITV upped sticks and joined Piers Morgan on Rupert Murdoch's TalkTV. The channel launched in April and the former Good Morning Britain host has been fronting his chat show, Piers Morgan Uncensored. A few of Piers’ GMB colleagues joined him, including Erron Gordon, who directs the weeknight show.Former GMB floor manager, Tim Carr, also made the move.When asked in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk whether she had watched Piers’ show, Lorraine confessed: “To be honest, no.”The presenter then explained: “Because 8pm for me is one of the times when I have usually got friends over.” READ MORE:Coleen Nolan wows in blue as son marries fiancée in 'perfect’ ceremony Nevertheless, Lorraine has caught a few episodes and says that she thinks Piers is “doing a great job”.  She continued: “A lot of my friends are working on that show so I really wish them all the best, but it is a heck of a lot quieter without [Piers]!”Going into detail about her friendship with the outspoken host, she went on: “He is a very loyal person, he hates me saying that he is actually very nice underneath it all.  “He says it is bad for his brand, but he’s a good lad. “He’s very happy and he’s doing great on a show that he loves and that’s brilliant.”Before his new series kicked off, Piers appeared on Lorraine’s ITV show and the pair discussed their friendship and frequent “arguments”.Talking about cancel culture, Piers stated: “Society’s got to get a grip of this. We’ve got to get to a view...you and I have argued about so many things over the years.“And yet we’ve stayed great friends, loyal friends. We help each other, we’re loyal, we have fun together. And I’ve always respected your right to vehemently disagree with me about issues. DON'T MISS'Not fun' Joan Collins, 89, rushed to hospital in Monaco[LATEST]Michael Ball 'absolutely devastated' as he cancels show with Alfie Boe[NEWS]'Do miss each other' Pauline Collins on being 'separated' from husband[INSIGHT] “I respect your opinion, but we should be allowed to have different opinions. And this ‘woke mob’ has decided only their opinions can be tolerated.”Piers finished the interview by jokingly storming off the set, much like he did on GMB the year before, leaving Lorraine in stitches.Lorraine has recently partnered with MORE THAN insurance and Dogs For Good to promote the positive impact pets have on mental health.Explaining why she wanted to take part, Lorraine explained: “This is all about loneliness and how you can make yourself less lonely and what an important part pets play in that. “It’s that thing of, the healing power of pets, particularly wee dogs.  “Just having a wee dog sitting beside you on the sofa, it’s soothing.”Lorraine airs weekdays from 9am on ITV.Lorraine Kelly has partnered with MORE THAN insurance and UK charity Dogs for Good to highlight how dogs can combat loneliness and support with our mental wellbeing. Find out more here.