Interior design is just one way homeowners can add their own stamp onto a home. Designing and decorating a home can be hard, especially if looking to sell in the future. According to one expert, there are certain colours to avoid when looking to paint, including bright colours and dark shades. Ryan McDonough, interior design expert at MyJobQuote, told Express.co.uk: “Selling your home is a big job. “It can get even more confusing when it comes to thinking about what decor could devalue your space. “It’s important to consider the long-term, and not just read up on all the latest colour and decor trends. “It’s vital you stick to the basics when decorating to sell, or you could make the already long process of getting your house off the market even longer. READ MORE: Pippa Middleton lives in £17m home in Chelsea - perfect for new baby “Although greens are on the ‘go’ list when it comes to decor, not all greens work.” The expert said avoid dark and mid greens as they can make a home feel dark and cramped. Instead, opt for a lighter colour. Ryan added: “Alternatively, make use of foliage and houseplants to give your home that pop of green without going too crazy. DON'T MISS:Lawn care: Seven steps to get ‘healthy’ and ‘bright’ grass [EXPERT]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘easy’ way to remove stubborn sweat stains [COMMENT]Gardening guru shares how to get an ‘unlimited’ supply of herbs [INSIGHT] “Black shades can look sleek and modern when done right, but they can easily take a turn for the worse.” The interior expert said homeowners should avoid using too much black around the home. This includes paint and interior accessories. Ryan said: “It can darken the space and make it look smaller. READ MORE: Monty Don shares how to prune rambling roses now “If you’re set on going for a feature black focal point, ensure it’s pure black and not off-black or grey, as they can look dull and unappealing. “Muddy, dark brown shades can also be a huge turn off, creating a dark, dingy feel.” Bright yellows and neon colours should also be avoided. According to the expert, they can appear tacky around the home. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Bright colours can also be very difficult to work with and can be a turn-off for prospective buyers. Ryan continued: “If you’re looking to brighten your space, stick to neutral tones such as whites, off-whites and beige. “These are simple, easy to change, and can create an endless amount of styles with just a change of furniture or decoration.” Dramatic feature walls can also put buyers off as these are dependent on personal taste. Bathrooms and kitchens are often deemed the most important rooms in the home and so homeowners should carefully think about decorating them before other rooms in the home.