It may be a minority of tennis fans expecting Nick Kyrgios to upset Novak Djokovic when the Australian makes his Grand Slam final debut at Wimbledon on Sunday. That being said, one of the most controversial talents in tennis will most likely have his celebration picked out and ready to go in the event he does win. Djokovic and Kyrgios have developed a strangely warm relationship since the latter once ridiculed his more seasoned peer as "very cringe-worthy." He went on to mock Djokovic's trademark celebration, which sees him 'give his heart' to the four corners of the crowd. It was in 2019 that Kyrgios made fun of the action and said it highlighted the Serb's "sick obsession of wanting to be liked." In the same interview, Kyrgios—who, one would assume, does not have that obsession—suggested he'd use Nole's own move against him in the event they met again. “If I play him and I beat him, I’m doing his celebration in front of him," the Australian said at the time. "That would be hilarious.” There's a chance Kyrgios has matured beyond such personal jibes, but then one wouldn't bet on that being the case, either. READ MORE Nick Kyrgios has already rattled Novak Djokovic ahead of blockbuster Wimbledon final  The 27-year-old advanced to the decider at SW19 after his would-be semi-final opponent, Rafael Nadal, was forced to retire due to an abdominal strain. Responding to the situation via Twitter, Kyrgios showed little care for exactly how he reached this stage, writing: "Bruh, I’m a slam finalist. I’m excited either way." For Kyrgios to perform the 'crowd-loving' celebration in this of all Wimbledon draws would be particularly noteworthy. The Canberran was fined $10,000 (around £8,200) earlier in the tournament for spitting in the direction of a spectator during his win over Britain's Paul Jubb. DON'T MISS 'Congratulations to the Royal Family' Wimbledon mocked as Elena Rybakina wins title John McEnroe calls out Wimbledon with Elena Rybakina in women's final - 'She's Russian' Wimbledon junior boys' doubles controversy as player smashes ball towards sensitive area    It was in that same fixture that he referred to one line judge as a "snitch" and claimed he had been the target of 'racial slurs'. It's been suggested the tennis firebrand could be all too aware of the fact a Netflix documentary crew has been filming him at SW19 this year. Kyrgios has in fact defeated Djokovic in both of their two meetings to date, though both matches took place in 2017 when the Serb was far from his usual best. While the underdog will be out to prove those results were no anomaly, defending champion Djokovic will look to set the record straight and avoid any potential embarrassment in London.