Roger Federer has confirmed that he hopes to come back to Wimbledon "one more time" after making a special appearance at Wimbledon's centenary celebration for Centre Court. Wimbledon are celebrating Centre Court's centenary after it was first established in 1922.  The ceremony started with a video montage looking back on Wimbledon's finest moments including clips of Serena Williams, Roger Federer, Andy Murray and Rafael Nadal's triumphs. As John McEnroe and Sue Barker talked through the history of Wimbledon they were interrupted when Sir Cliff Richards popped up to swoon the crowd with a rendition of 'We're all going on a summer holiday'. And then the champions throughout the years were introduced to the crowd one-by-one with the likes of Venus Williams, Rod Laver and Bjorn Borg coming out to rapturous applause. But the biggest cheer was saved until last for eight-time Wimbledon champion Federer as he made his way onto the court. Federer hasn't played since Wimbledon last year having undergone knee surgery for the third time. He's set to make his comeback at the Laver Cup in September and regularly posts updates from his training regime on social media. JUST IN: Henman blasts Tsitsipas and explains how stars stars can be kicked out  And Federer even hinted that his final Wimbledon appearance may come next year to John McEnroe. "I've been lucky enough to play a lot of matches on this court. It feels awkward to be here today in a different type of role," Federer said. "It's great to be here with all the other champions. This court has given me my biggest wins and my biggest losses. I hope I can come back one more time. "I've missed it here. I knew walking out here last year, it was going to be a tough year ahead. I maybe didn't think it was going to take this long to come back - the knee has been rough on me. DON'T MISS  "It's been a good year regardless of tennis. We're happy at home. I didn't know if I should make the trip but I'm happy standing here right now." Heather Watson kicks things off on Centre Court for the first time middle Sunday will see tennis played later as history is set to be made. The Brit is facing off against Germany's Jule Niemeier as she competes in the fourth round of Wimbledon for the first time. That will be followed by a fascinating contest between Jack Sinner and Carlos Alcaraz. And defending champion Novak Djokovic will close play on Centre Court in his fourth-round clash with Tim van Rijthoven.  