Kemi Badenoch will seal a major promotion in the cabinet if she fails to secure the Tory leadership, according to one political commentator. Speaking to GB News, Benedict Spence said that the leadership race "has come too early for Tom Tugendhat and Kemi Badenoch". However, he suggested that the contest had handed both candidates massive boosts to their profiles. Mr Spence said: "But the next leadership contest, you would think I like the look of these two people. "They are clearly quite competent. Now they have a profile. "When the next Prime Minister creates another cabinet, they will get at least a minor role, and then their public platform is launched." He compared them to Defence Secretary Ben Wallace who declined to enter the contest. JUST IN: Tory Leadership: Rishi storms ahead as Brexiteer pushed out  Mr Spence said that while Mr Wallace is hugely popular with Tory grassroots, "he needs more time in the job to build a public profile" like Rishi Sunak and Liz Truss. This comes as Ms Badenoch has refused to give up hope on making it into the final leadership vote. The candidate has become the surprise contender of the race so far and is planning on leapfrogging Liz Truss to third place by Tuesday night. On the second round of voting, Ms Truss came third with 64 MPs, ahead of Ms Badenoch on 49.  This comes after Ms Truss' attempt to force Ms Badenoch out of the race to "unite the right" backfired on the Foreign Secretary. Tom Hunt MP, who supports Ms Badenoch, said: "Those trying to lobby Kemi Badenoch supporters this weekend to back other candidates have been met with a brick wall of enthusiasm for Kemi. "Often by the end of the call it was the caller reflecting about their next move and not Kemi supporters." DON'T MISS: Terrifying moment ITV News crew flees Russian shelling attack [VIDEO]Harry 'incredibly homesick' after return to California [INSIGHT]Boris Johnson still flying high in the polls on visit to RAF base [POLL]  In a personal message to voters who gave the Tories a historic 80-seat majority in 2019, Ms Badenoch told the Sunday Express: “Millions of people voted for the party because you trusted us to deliver. “When your voices had been taken for granted for so long by Labour and the political establishment, the Conservative Party promised to put you and your priorities first again. "Since then our plans have been knocked off course – but I intend to correct that.” Ms Badenoch’s supporters include former Levelling-Up Secretary Michael Gove. READ NEXT: Underdog Tugendhat new favourite with the public after TV debate Rishi Sunak promises Brexiteers he will torch Brussels' laws instantlyKemi Badenoch: I will deliver for the millions who backed us in 2019John Curtice says Penny Mordaunt and Kemi Badenoch are winningTruss’s PM hopes DASHED as polls place her last 