Prince Charles and Prince William denied Prince Harry and Meghan's demands to be included in the balcony during the Platinum Jubilee, according to royal author Tom Bower. Speaking on Lorraine, Mr Bower said the couple were "defeated" and "finally got the message" that they could not get what they wanted with the Royal Family. However, Mr Bower has warned that the frustration felt by the Sussexes could feature in Harry's upcoming memoir, adding: "We will see if he gets his revenge." Host Christine Lampard asked the royal author: "At the Jubilee, they came over, and they had private meetings with the Queen. "What do you think happened, for example with the set-up on the balcony?" Mr Bower, who was promoting his recent royal book 'Revenge,' responded: "I think they were defeated. "I think they thought they could blackmail the Royal Family into forcing them to let them go on the balcony." JUST IN: Harry and William's feud will continue over Meghan's 'victim tendency'  The respected biographer continued: "It would be the huge profile that they needed for their Netflix documentary, which is essential to their financial income and wealth. "For once, finally, the Royal Family, especially Charles and William, planned it so that they could come but under the terms that didn't give them what they wanted. "I think they went back to America very chagrined, very annoyed that they didn't get the exposure they wanted, especially with the Queen. "I think they got the message but they went back very angry.  "Harry has his memoir coming out so we will see if he gets his revenge too." However, the Duke is reportedly "worried sick" his highly anticipated memoir "will lead to a new war with the royals". A royal source told Heat magazine that "Meghan is urging him to tell his truth and not hide what really happened" while he struggles with what to include. DON'T MISS: Meghan Markle fans blast Lorraine over 'disgusting' Bower interview [REACTION]Keir Starmer faces open revolt as McDonnell backs general strike [INTERVIEW]Royal Family LIVE: Meghan steps in as Harry 'worried sick' [LIVE BLOG]  They added: "Every passage is being revised again and again. "Harry keeps remembering new things he wants to include, and then suddenly panics about toning down certain anecdotes." Penguin Random House plans for the book to be out by Thanksgiving in time for Christmas shopping, according to sources close to the publisher. It is widely anticipated to showcase his memories of his mother Diana, Princess of Wales, and the breakdown of his parents' marriage. READ NEXT: Omid Scobie pinpoints when 'curiosity' for Kate & William waned in USInside Anmer Hall which Kate Middleton transformed Meghan Markle fans blast Lorraine over 'disgusting' Bower interview'Not over yet!' Meghan set for new legal showdown as sister files caseHarry 'caught between rock and hard place' with bombshell memoir 