Hard water can leave behind hard-to-clean residual marks and stains in your bathroom, most noticeable on glass shower doors and other shiny surfaces. However, one cleaning influencer has a hack which has been applauded as a "game changer". Marks are left behind as a result of the high concentration of minerals in hard water. Shower door marks can also be caused by leftover shampoo and body wash, as well as dead skin cells. According to TikTok user and self-proclaimed 'Queen of Clean' Vanesamaro91, the solution to clean, sparkling shower doors could already be tucked away in your cleaning cupboard. In a viral video, she said: "The question I get asked the most is, 'how can I remove hard water from my shower?'" READ MORE: How to clean bathroom tile grout: Home remedies to banish mould The influencer explained that hard water often appears as specks or smudges on the glass, but can also build up to form a "horrible" or "cloudy" mass. To cut through these marks, according to Vanesa, the key is to use toilet bowl cleaner. She said: "I have it in a spray bottle. Put gloves on because it burns. "Spray it, spread it with a sponge and leave it in there for 10 to 20 minutes depending on how bad your hard water is. The user said: "I tried everything including [products] mentioned by others. "This was super easy and didn't require putting in that elbow grease. "Everyone I showed before and after photos to were absolutely shocked and impressed. "I guess that's how you know you're getting old when people are impressed by a cleaning technique." READ MORE: Carpet cleaning: The 65p hack to get rid of stains "The time has gone by now let's rinse. "Next, use a squeegee then your glass cleaner and wipe." Most toilet bowl cleaners are designed to cut through residue such as hard water build-up, which is why many people recommend the product. Posting a comment to Reddit, a user named Ingalitch described the hack as "a total game changer for me". DON'T MISSHouse prices smash six-month record - expert calls on Government [INSIGHT]Property experts share feature that ‘add thousands to house value’  [REPORT]How to clean shower door using 'household items' - 'best way' [COMMENT] Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea If you prefer not to use chemicals in your home, some people recommend using a mixture of dish soap and baking soda. When mixed together, white vinegar and baking soda react to create a tough cleaning solution. Vinegar is particularly good at lifting hard water stains, meanwhile, baking soda helps to dissolve organic compounds such as dirt and grease. Furthermore, the mineral structure of the particles in baking soda help to provide a gentle abrasive perfect for those tough-to-move marks. To clean your shower door with white vinegar and baking soda, you will need a spray bottle to evenly distribute the white vinegar across the glass surface. Then, wipe away using a microfibre cloth or towel.