It comes as research reveals that unregulated care homes are even being taken over by criminal gangs, who charge the taxpayer tens of thousands of pounds a week and run them as “government-funded trap houses (drug dens)”. In a letter to Education Secretary James Cleverly, Anne Longfield said the system is putting “some of the most vulnerable children in England at risk” and instead of protecting them, is too often handing them over “to criminals and abusers.” Ms Longfield highlighted a damning report by the Commission on Young Lives which said the social care system “is unfit for purpose”, with gangsters “receiving tip-offs from within councils telling them when a youngster had moved into unregulated housing”. Unregulated homes are privately run and not obliged to register with Ofsted. She said some private companies – which are charging cash-strapped councils up to £22,000 a week per child, compared to the typical £3,800 a week local authority cost – are letting down youngsters by ­putting them at risk of harm. She said the system, “designed for younger children”, is ill-equipped to look after the growing number of older children – 16 and 17-year-olds who make up almost a quarter of the 80,850 children in care. Ms Longfield, chairwoman of the Commission on Young Lives, said: “The current system is too often handing over vulnerable children to criminals and abusers by moving them away from their families and communities, moving them too frequently from placement to placement and continuing to place them in residential or unregulated accommodation that puts them at risk of harm – sometimes alongside adults and those involved with drugs and crime.”  Around 6,000 children are in unregulated accommodation. More than 2,000 of these were moved within a week of entering care last year. Children under 16 are not allowed to be placed in an unregulated setting, although some are as councils struggle to find placements. Ms Longfield said the plight of older teenagers is set against a backdrop of a failing care system with a lack of places across all age groups. She said: “The horrific killings of Star Hobson and Arthur Labinjo-Hughes last year are the tragic consequences of a child protection system stretched to its absolute limit. “We are frequently hearing horror stories about children – often teenagers in unregulated accommodation where buildings are poor and there are young adults drinking, ­taking and selling drugs. “These places are known to gangs and we have heard of places where organised criminals are running un­­regulated provision, charging tens of thousands of pounds a week.” Her comments come as senior police figures say criminal gangs may be pressuring children to go into care as cover for selling drugs or recruiting new members. Some officers believe unscrupulous figures may even be seeking to set up unregulated or semi-regulated accommodation for older children for criminal purposes including money laundering and profiteering. These fears emerged in a research project by crime and justice consultancy firm Crest, with input from Merseyside Police. Data provided to the research team suggested one in five incidents of missing children flagged by the force involved county lines gangs and teens housed in unregulated accommodation.  Police and council officers said gangsters were buying up care settings such as residential care homes so they could avoid registration by police. They were then using these settings to lure children into county lines gangs while charging the local authority to look after them – dubbed by the report as “government-funded trap houses.” Marie Rimmer, Labour MP for St Helens South and Whiston, said: “The top 10 private care home providers made £300million in profits last year – this area is ripe for criminals buying up homes, barges, boats and caravans, and placing children in there who are exploited by gangs. “In the past year, 29 teenagers died in unregulated homes. Police and social services know they are at risk. We are doing a disservice to vulnerable children. No child should suffer or be abused in this way. We urgently need a proper system.” Former undercover police officer and county lines expert Neil Woods said: “Criminal gangs always look for where there are vulnerable ­children, and most children in the care system are vulnerable. “We know from police sources that the gangs have been running covert operations from unregulated care homes where they can make tens of thousands of pounds.” Josh MacAlister, chairman of the Independent Review of Children’s Social Care, said: “There is a lack of early intervention to help support families in crisis. The Government has to accept we need a radical reset of the care system.” 