Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag has claimed that his side are looking for midfield and attacking reinforcements over the summer as the Dutchman looks to bolster his squad ahead of the new Premier League season. However, he refused to be drawn into admitting whether the players in question were Frenkie de Jong or Christian Eriksen, with the midfield duo both heavily linked with moves to Old Trafford. United are currently embarking on a pre-season tour of Thailand, where Ten Hag faced the press in Bangkok on Monday afternoon. The former Ajax boss has yet to take charge of a match for the Red Devils, although a friendly against Liverpool in the capital on Tuesday will see him scrutinised ahead of the new campaign. In the background, deals for De Jong and Eriksen are reportedly close. And while Ten Hag admitted he is keen on signing players in midfield, he refused to confirm whether De Jong and Eriksen were the specific targets he is seeking as United aim to rebuild from last season's paltry sixth-placed finish. "We know what we want, we not only want new players, we want the right new players," he said. "We have a good squad, there's huge potential, so only when we find player that can make an improvement in our squad, we will do so. READ MORE: Ronaldo's Man Utd tour absence goes on but new signing expected  "In my first press conference I said already, definitely we are searching players in midfield, we have a need and also an offence, and we are still looking for players. We want to add the right players. We have a really good squad, we are working to develop our way of playing and the opportunity is there and we will strike. "I never talk about players who are not under contract of Manchester United, players from different clubs, so I cannot tell you anything about this issue." United may also sign an attacker too. Rumours have tipped Cristiano Ronaldo with a move away from the club earlier this month with the Portuguese keen to play in the Champions League. He is not with the squad in Thailand at the moment. DON'T MISSHakim Ziyech releases statement which could affect Chelsea futureJuventus set 'minimum price' for De Ligt as Chelsea and Bayern circleRonaldo's unveiling in new Man Utd kit sheds further light on future However, Ten Hag added that the decision was for personal reasons. "So he's not with us. That's due to personal issues," the United boss added. "We are planning with Ronaldo for this season - that's it. I'm looking forward to working with him." Reports have claimed that Ronaldo has told club chiefs that he wants to leave United after a disappointing season last term. However, Ten Hag refuted those claims, stating Ronaldo was 'not for sale'. The Dutchman continued: "He hasn't told me this. I have read, but as I say, Cristiano is not for sale, he's in our plans and we want to get success together."