In mythology, celestial body Chiron is known as the wounded healer after Greek philosopher and teacher who - ironically, couldn’t heal himself. In astrology, it can represent deeper traumas and unhealed wounds and while in retrograde, influences can inspire your to delve into your own mental and physical health. But it can be disorienting to adjust to the shift. Express.co.uk reveals your horoscope, star sign reading, astrology and zodiac forecast for July 19. Chiron stations turn retrograde as of today (July 19), and they’ll remain this way until December 23. Cafe Astrology said: “The station itself can be disorienting. Indecision is likely as we adjust to the shift. But that’s not all, Mercury is also due to move into the sign of Leo later today and will transit in this sign until August 4. Cafe Astrology said: “With Mercury in Leo in the weeks ahead, our thinking is confident and grand, and clearly defined goals motivate us. READ MORE: Perseid meteor shower to begin tonight: Where to look for spectacle  “We are expressive, convincing, decisive, and persuasive. We want our voices and input heard. “It’s not a time when we’re content with letting others make all the moves or decisions – we need to be involved.” Leos are known for their management skills and strong desire to take lead and while communicative Mercury transits in this sign, confidence and self-belief will come a little more naturally. Cafe Astrology continued: “We need to relate to information or create stories about it to absorb it.”  However, during this cycle, it’s important to remember to be flexible and not too proud to change course, because two heads are always better than one and stubbornness doesn’t always garner the best results. To complicate today’s energies even further, the Sun-Pluto opposition is here to pull up deeper, darker, or buried and unresolved situations. Cafe Astrology said: “Through feelings, relationships, and events, we can more clearly see areas of life where we’ve been holding onto something too tightly or giving away our personal power.” This can be disruptive and feel uncomfortable to face, but it can also heighten self-awareness and help tie up loose ends. DON'T MISS: Body language expert reveals main sunbathing types - and what they say [ANALYSIS]Solar storm warning: Blasts from the Sun could cause railway CHAOS [INSIGHT]How to keep cool in a heatwave - 5 tips for elderly [EXPLAINED]    Cafe Astrology said: “A tricky or buried issue might now reach a head, and we may feel on edge, volatile, or defensive.” However, it continues: “We may experience a battle within ourselves between light and dark energies, or we can meet this theme through others. “Outside forces remind us of our need to take charge of our lives, but shortcuts to gaining control are unlikely to work out. “Instead, we should formulate strategies for managing our fears or worries.” 