Manchester United have seven players inadvertently helping them on a transfer deal for Barcelona star Frenkie de Jong. The Netherlands international is Erik ten Hag’s main objective for the summer window. Yet while they’ve agreed a fee with their La Liga counterparts, it’s still unclear if the 25-year-old will make the move to Old Trafford. Manchester United have spent the whole summer pursuing a deal for De Jong. They agreed a fee with Barcelona just a couple of days ago, with the fallen Premier League giants prepared to pay £63million in order to bring the Netherlands international to the club. That would make him United’s fifth most-expensive signing of all time, eclipsing the £59m they paid Real Madrid for Angel Di Maria eight years ago. Yet, still, the player isn’t theirs yet. De Jong has travelled with the rest of the Barcelona squad for their pre-season tour of the United States, despite the club’s desire to jettison him. And while United can be forgiven for getting frustrated with the whole thing, seven players are aiding their quest. Man Utd transfers: The mouthwatering XI to tackle Brighton with 5 new signings Barcelona need to register a host of new players and selling De Jong, really, is the only way they’re able to do that due to their financial situation. Even if they offload the likes of Memphis Depay and Samuel Umtiti, that won’t be enough to cover the finances required. Barcelona need to sign up Ousmane Dembele and Sergi Roberto again, with the duo recently penning new contracts with the club. They need to put Pablo Torre on their accounts, too, with the 19-year-old touching down from Racing Santander. And Barcelona are also aiming to register Raphinha, Franck Kessie, Andreas Christensen and Robert Lewandowski as well. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Man Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leave Man Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong Raphinha has moved from Leeds, with the Brazil international turning down offers from Arsenal and Chelsea to play in La Liga. Kessie has touched down from AC Milan, shortly after firing them to a first Scudetto since 2011. Christensen has chosen to leave Chelsea to join Barcelona, with the Denmark international arriving on a free transfer. And Lewandowski is poised to join from Bayern Munich after a fee with the Bundesliga giants was finally agreed on Friday night. Bayern chief Oliver Kahn has confirmed that today, saying: "At the end of the day, FC Barcelona has offered a sum that makes the sale of Lewandowski absolutely sensible for us. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. “In addition, we have recently had great success in the transfer market and have signed a world-class player for the attack, Sadio Mane.” Lewandowski himself has also confirmed he’s now set to say goodbye to his team-mates at the Allianz Arena. "It has been eight wonderful years in Munich, I will never forget it, a fantastic time,” said the striker, who joined from Borussia Dortmund in 2014. "I will return to say goodbye to all the workers after the tour with Barca. “I said goodbye to my teammates today on the field. I wasn't worried about them injuring me. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “These are things that could happen to you even at home.” While United want De Jong, however, there could yet be a late twist. The midfielder would, ideally, only join a team playing in the Champions League if Barcelona force him out the exit door. De Jong is open to hearing from Paris Saint-Germain, who previously targeted the 25-year-old in 2019. And he will also be willing to talk with Chelsea, too, with the Blues emerging as potential suitors in recent days. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here