Gemma Atkinson, 37, welcomed her daughter Mia with her fiancée Gorka Marquez, 31, in 2019. The family-of-three recently enjoyed a holiday in Spain but following their travels, the former Emmerdale star has since dished on her little one. Speaking on Hits Radio UK on yesterday, Gemma explained her daughter had told her nursery teachers that her mum and dad are expecting another bundle of joy - much to the Hollyoaks actress' surprise. Addressing the moment on her radio show on Monday, she told listeners about Mia's cheeky error. "Mia has told a lot of the teachers at nursery that I'm pregnant," Gemma said. Her radio co-star asked: "What? You're pregnant? I thought it was just holiday weight." Gemma chuckled: "It is holiday weight. I'm not [pregnant]." READ MORE: Helen Skelton's ex-husband Richie enjoys break with girlfriend "No," the former Strictly star reiterated she is not having another baby, before adding: "She's told four of the staff that I'm pregnant." She went on: "Gorka picked her up on Monday night and when I got home from work he said, 'Tell mummy, what you said today and she got a bit funny. "I said, 'What's gone on?'" Gemma continued: "She apparently put her hand up in front of everyone and said, 'I've got something to say. My mummy has a baby in her tummy.'  "Apparently it's a little girl named Annabel." The Hits Radio DJ explained Mia believed Gemma was pregnant after the actress had "caught a bug" while on holiday in Spain. The mum-of-one said while on their family break Mia had witnessed Gemma rubbing her stomach but it was actually due to a stomach bug. "In Spain, I got a bit of stomach bug while we were away, a gastro thing," she remarked. DON'T MISS... Demi Moore, 59, showcases ageless figure in plunging white swimsuit[LATEST]Kate Garraway 'in survival mode' amid fears for husband Derek[UPDATES]Britney Spears gushes over ‘coolest guy ever’ Taron Egerton[PICTURES] The radio DJ said she later told her own mother about Mia's cheeky admission who claimed her daughter may have a "sixth sense". Gemma cheekily shut the idea down, saying: " Please, no," saying she is not ready for adding another family addition just yet. The clip was shared on Hits Radio UK's official account with many of their 47,000 followers urging the presenter to take the hint and have another baby. The post was captioned: "Mia mistook @glouiseatkinson holiday weight for a baby." Flooding the comment section, Kelly Gower wrote: "Mia is hinting Gem." Lindsay Jane penned: "Love Mia. She makes my day." Gary's girl commented: "This is hilarious." While Hodge Lucy added: "My son said this to me and I was actually pregnant…. He knew before me. His sister is 5 months old now x." 