David Myers and Simon King as The Hairy Bikers have become staples on our screens since their first series aired in 2006. The duo has since opened up about Dave's health battle as he undergoes chemotherapy for cancer treatment. The TV chef, 64, who went public with his cancer diagnosis in May, says his treatment has left him with "sore eyes" because his lashes have fallen out and it's also affected his taste and smell. Dave, who has chosen not to reveal the type of cancer he has, vowed he will "never whinge again about anything" once he's recovered from the illness. His pal, Si, 55, has been supportive of his on-screen co-star and friend as he dished on how the pair are coping. Speaking on the Kate Thornton podcast White Wine Question Time, the culinary star admitted it's "really tough" seeing Dave go through cancer. READ MORE: Shakira faces 8 years in prison if convicted of tax evasion in Spain Si said: "It's hard seeing someone you love in those trenches. It really is tough. He's as tough as an old boot, which is what we're all relying on. He's as hard as nails." In May, Dave made light of his cancer diagnosis, saying he'll be a "baldy biker" for a while – but he suits having no hair. He said: "I may be a baldy biker for a while so it's just a warning, I don't want to make a fuss about it, I look alright bald actually." The podcaster, who's married to his wife Lily, has chosen not to publicly reveal the condition and insisted "I'm going to be fine".  He has had his fair share of health struggles over the years after being diagnosed with a cyst on his brain in 1998, and later glaucoma, an eye condition that can lead to blindness. Meanwhile, the pair who have enjoyed a decades-long friendship has previously spoken of how they first crossed paths. Si spoke of how they met during a lunch break on set. He told The Independent: "At lunch, most of the crew were ordering salads and mineral water at the local pub, while I was having a curry and two pints of lager. DON'T MISS... Bradley Walsh's distress after being sacked before The Chase[LATEST]Amanda Holden, 51, stuns as she STRIPS down to tiny black bikini[PICTURES]Amanda Owen breaks silence over fans' concern amid absence[TWITTER] "When Dave came in he took one look at my lunch and went, 'I'll have what he's having!' "Pretty quickly we discovered that we both loved eating, drinking and motorcycling." The pair later bonded over cooking as they prepared food together for a New Years' party at Simon's house. He added: "We worked quite closely together and we started cooking together one New Year's Eve party at my place in Huntly [Aberdeenshire]. "I assumed I'd cook and Dave thought he was going to do it, as he'd always been the chef in his family. The duo first appeared on our screens in 2006 in the series The Hairy Bikers' Cookbook. After the success of their first series, The Hairy Bikers have since produced series set all around the world, including Asia and America. Alongside their career on TV, Simon and David have also written more than 20 books together. 