Turning out for the celebrations at a bar in Calabasas, California, were guests including Kelly Packard, David Chokachi, Jeremy Jackson and Parker Stevenson. Images of the celebrations, which were widely documented on social media, show Hasselhoff – nicknamed ‘The Hoff’ – mingling with guests and co-stars. Hasselhoff’s own Instagram revealed the party’s entertainment in the form of a clown on stilts and women in multicoloured wigs and a massive crowd serenading him to the tune of ‘happy birthday’. Star guests shared the celebrations on Instagram, with co-star Kelly Packard honouring Hasselhoff in a caption saying: “You will never meet a more generous, kind, talented man!” Many were taken aback at the party-goers’ seeming immortality, looking dashingly similar to their time in Baywatch despite the almost three-decade gap between the series and the present day. In the 80s and 90s, Hasselhoff was one of the most famous faces on television, largely due to his roles as Mitch Buchannon in the action TV series, Baywatch, and Michael Knight in Knight Rider. However, in the years since the Baywatch heyday, The Hoff’s fame has dwindled somewhat, as has his hard-earned fortune. READ MORE: 'Why?' Prince Harry's Nelson Mandela speech questioned by Piers Morgan amid announcement Celebrity Net Worth estimates that Hasselhoff earned $60,000 (£49,000) per episode for his time as the hunky lifeguard in Baywatch. With high earnings and fame surrounding him, the actor bought a few international properties and a mansion for his family to live in Los Angeles. Now, it is estimated that Hasselhoff has a net worth of $10million (£8.32million). While still a healthy sum, it is a far cry from his estimated $100million (£83million) net worth during his prime. A new generation of television enthusiasts will be more familiar with Hassselhoff as the Britain’s Got Talent judge, who was replaced with David Walliams. He has also experienced a fair share of scandals since the early 2010s. The early 2000s saw Hasselhoff flying high with a few judging roles on reality shows like Dancing with the Stars and a moderately successful music career. But in 2006 Hasselhoff filed for divorce from his second wife and mother of his two daughters, Pamela Bach. As part of the divorce agreement, Hasselhoff was made to pay spousal support to Bach. This would greatly affect Hasselhoff’s net worth at the time and in 2016 he would petition to get the payments cut back, claiming he had less than $4,000 (£3,300) in his bank account. To prove this he also revealed that his recent European music tour had been cut short due to poor sales. However, at the time it was widely reported that Hasselhoff was actually earning $112,000 (£93,000) per month. Hasselhoff claimed his base expenses every month took half his income while taxes and Bach were taking the other half. While he had originally requested to stop the payments altogether Hasselhoff was able to halve his payments through the courts. Rather than paying $10,000 (£8,000) per month to Bach, the pair reached a mutual agreement for Hasselhoff to pay $5,000 (£4,000) per month, according to TMZ. In January 2020, Hasselhoff found himself struggling to sell his $3.5million (£2.9million) home in Los Angeles. Hasselhoff brought his home to TV as part of the CNBC show Listing Impossible. The series follows a team of realtors, one of which is Hasselhoff’s daughter Taylor, trying to sell the mansions of the rich and famous. The largest issue with this type of real estate is that the homes are often highly customised to their current owner, making them far more difficult to sell than an ordinary home. Hasselhoff’s home is the prime example of this as the five-bedroom, six-bathroom mansion has many Hasselhoff-specific decorations like gold records, a movie theatre with director’s chairs and Baywatch-themed pinball machines. It is unclear if or for how much the property sold for.