  James May, 59, has revealed that he is “worried” after having built his new home with partner Sarah Frater. While the former Top Gear star isn’t married, he and Sarah have been together for the past two decades.     James has shared that he and Sarah recently built themselves a new house, after years of living in what he described as “places on the way”. However, now that he has found a more permanent home, the motor enthusiast admitted he did have a few fears. “I'm living in a house that feels like a destination, and it's slightly disturbing,” he explained. “I'm just worried I'll end up thinking, right, I've done all that now.    “I had a good crack at it and was very fortunate and now I'll - and I can't stand this expression - 'enjoy the rest of my life'. “Because I don't think I will. I'll just be sitting there, waiting for The End,” he told The Times last month. James and Sarah don’t share any children, but have been dating since the year 2000. Sarah is an art critic and is good friends with Richard Hammond's wife Mindy.     James, Richard and Jeremy Clarkson are best known for presenting the BBC show Top Gear for many years. James co-hosted Top Gear between 2003 and 2015, leaving at the same time as his colleagues after the BBC announced it would not be renewing Jeremy’s contract. The trio went on to film a similar car-focused series The Grand Tour for Amazon Prime, which was met with praise. READ MORE... Novak Djokovic's wife addresses marriage ahead of Wimbledon [INSIGHT] Sir Tom Jones, 82, 'seen by doctors after collapsing on tour' [BREAKING] 'Not fun' Joan Collins, 89, rushed to hospital in Monaco [BREAKING]    Amazon Prime bosses have confirmed that The Grand Tour is set to continue for the long run. The series has been dropping the occasional feature-length special over the last few years, but in 2022, the trio have been back filming across the globe. The latest instalment will be a new Scandinavian special, which will kick off a whole new round of content.      Their last special, Carnage A Trois, was released back in November, meaning this upcoming episode will be the first out of the UK to air since 2020. Jeremy and his co-stars were thought to be filming in Norway for their latest adventure after plans for a Russia special were scrapped a few months ago. James has also presented other shows such as James May's Toy Stories and Sky documentary, Inside Killer Sharks.  