Nick Kyrgios may be playing down his chances of winning Wimbledon, but fellow Australian Jason Kubler feels his compatriot has every chance of winning his first ever Grand Slam singles title. The former world No 13 had to fight through the pain in his fourth-round match with American Brendon Nakashima on Monday. Kyrgios dropped the opening set and appeared to be struggling with a shoulder injury, which he had treated several times in between games. After taking some painkillers, Kyrgios was able to rally back into the match but it still required all five sets and little over three hours to get the job done. Still, it's a first major quarter-final for Kyrgios since the 2015 Australian Open and eight years since he managed it on his main draw debut at Wimbledon. He could have faced fellow Australian Alex de Minaur in the quarters, but the No 19 seed lost after leading by two sets. Instead, he takes on Chile's Cristian Garin and could go on to face Rafael Nadal in the semi-final. Novak Djokovic would then possibly await Kyrgios in the final, but Kubler - who lost to Taylor Fritz in his fourth-round match - believes the 27-year-old can go all the way this week. JUST IN: Nick Kyrgios: Wimbledon magician or a 'disgrace' to tennis?  When asked whether Kyrgios has what it takes to win the title, Kubler said: "100%. I hit with Kygs maybe the day before he played Jubb and then the day before I played Evo, and then I said to my team, 'Man, Kygs is playing well at the moment'. "If his draw opens up or he's playing well, he's dangerous. When we were hitting, he was smashing me. Yeah, I think so. You guys know Nick's level. I think the whole world knows Nick's level. "With his serve and with just the amount of power he can generate, I think he can beat anyone on any day, and especially on grass where, you know, sort of his strengths are maximized." As an Australian on the tour, Kubler is one of the players closest to Kyrgios behind the scenes and explains its regular laughter when the pair are together. DON'T MISS  That was not the Kyrgios that was on show against Stefanos Tsitsipas, with the Greek star calling his rival a "bully". But Kubler insists his close friend is "maybe misunderstood just purely based off, you know, you're not maybe around him as much as the other players. "When I'm around Kygs, it's nonstop laughter," he said. "For me, he's one of the nicest guys I know in the locker room. "Every time I see him, he's smiling. Every time I'm around him, it seems like I'm laughing. So it's kind of weird when I read or see the comments about him, knowing him the way I do. "I think he's just one of those people if you were to hang around him or spend any sort of quality time with him, you'd fall in love with him. He's a very good guy."