Although cats can be a pleasure to have around the home, and a joy to pet in the street, they can quickly turn into a nuisance, especially if they start using your garden as a litter tray. However, there are ways to deter cats from making themselves at home in your garden without causing them harm. The key is to harness cats' strong sense of smell. Cats priorly use their smell to identify people and objects, with more than 200 million odour sensors in their noses. Unfortunately, this can also work to their detriment, as there are many smells kitties simply can't stand. One of these is citrus, especially lemon and orange, which is exactly why these fruits can be used as a deterrent. READ MORE: How to keep grass green: 6 common mistakes According to Pest Pointers: "Cats absolutely hate lemon. "When used in its essential oil form, it can be very strong and offensive to cats." However, it is important to note that cats should not eat lemons as they can be mildly toxic to them, according to the ASPCA. Therefore you should be careful not to overdo it if you use lemon, and to make sure it isn't anywhere cats can eat it. According to Pest Pointers, it is highly unlikely cats will try to eat anything lemon-scented or with lemon juice on it. They said: "The good note is that naturally, cats will be more inclined to stay away from lemons as it can upset their stomach if ingested." How to deter cats using lemon juice Pest Pointers said: "You can create a lemon-scented spray by using lemon juice diluted in water, equal parts of each, and then spray it on the areas you want to keep cats out. DON'T MISSDoes artificial grass get too hot? 3 ways to keep it cool [EXPLAINER]Japanese knotweed: Family receives payout after plant found [REPORT]‘Time to stop’ Secret trick to guarantee your rhubarb harvest [COMMENT] "You can also use lemon essential oil by adding 10 drops to a spray bottle of water and using it in the same way." Other citrus fruits cats do not like include grapefruit and orange. The juices of these fruits can be used in the same way as lemon juice. When using any citrus juices, make sure you are not spraying these onto surfaces which could be damaged by the acidity. Experts from The Nest explained: "Spray surfaces such as window ledges and yard swings to repel cats. "Citrus juice may bleach or fade fabrics or other surfaces, so use cautiously."