Prince Harry and Meghan Markle made a rare return to the UK last month to celebrate the Queen's Platinum Jubilee, but they remain on the periphery of the Royal Family after stepping back as working royals two years ago and moving to California. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex did not join the royals on the balcony of Buckingham Palace, and it has also been claimed that they left before the special RAF flypast. Harry and Meghan have kept their distance from the Firm since their unceremonious exit in 2020. However, one royal expert believes that Prince Charles will want to bring the couple back into the royal fold when he becomes king. Tina Brown, author of The Palace Papers, spoke to the Royally Obsessed podcast earlier this year. She said: “My guess is Charles is really going to want them back – sort of need them back, actually – because Harry and Meghan were huge assets to the whole royal repertoire, quite frankly. “They had a young appeal that was very, very potent in the country.” Another royal expert Kate Nicholls, recently claimed that Charles is ready to bury any tension that has existed in the past between himself and the Sussexes. She claimed Charles deeply treasures "these times with his grandchildren" and he is "quite sad that there aren't enough of them with Archie and Lilibet." Ms Nicholls added: "He loves his son but he wants to forgive his son for everything. He wants to repair that relationship and move on. "A big part of that is him wanting to be a grandfather and see those grandchildren. It may mean a few more transatlantic trips, but he wants to enjoy this experience." Similar remarks were made by a royal source who spoke to The Sun recently. They said: “It was fantastic to see them. It was wonderful to have them back in Britain. “The prince and the duchess were absolutely thrilled to see them. The prince, of course, hasn’t seen his grandson Archie for a bit of time and so it was very, very, very special to have some time with him. "He hadn’t met Lili, his granddaughter, and so to meet her was very emotional, a very, very wonderful thing.” Harry and Meghan have built a new life for themselves in California, but one expert believes that Harry may be homesick. READ MORE: Prince William and Kate Middleton make charity polo match announcement Duncan Larcombe said: "He seems homesick to me. Harry’s suddenly playing polo again and drinking with his new friends – all things he used to enjoy doing in the UK. Meghan is cheering him on on the sidelines, helping create this perfect LA life for him to justify what he’s given up in the UK. "But something doesn’t seem to sit right. Harry looks unhappy." Speaking to Closer magazine, he added: "He is living out there in self-imposed exile and Harry is a very sociable person. In his formative years he had lots of friends – including his estranged brother William – and was always spending time with them. He must sometimes wonder if everything he has given up has been worth it." DON'T MISSCrown Princess Mary's emerald-cut engagement ring has a hidden meaning [INSIGHT]`Meghan and Harry should ‘step away’ from royal titles [ANALYSIS]Kate and William SNUBBED by Priyanka Chopra during Wimbledon visit [INSIGHT] The family seemed delighted to meet Archie and Lilibet, and Harry believes his children have taken on some of his mother's attributes. Speaking about his children in reference to his late mother at an appearance during a virtual ceremony for the Diana Award last Friday, Harry said: "I see her legacy in all of you. "I see her legacy in a Diana Award community that spans multiple generations. I see her legacy every time I meet with families, young people, and children from all corners of the world. "And, I see my mum's legacy when I look at my own children every day."