Exasberated families had spent Friday and Saturday nights sleeping in their cars in Dover, taking hours to travel just a few hundred yards due to delays at passport checks. Port officials worked ‘round the clock’ to ease the gridlock which began early on Friday when French border officials operated just six of their 12 booths at the Kentish port. Port officials worked ‘round the clock’ to ease the gridlock which began early on Friday when French border officials operated just six of their 12 booths at the Kentish port. Dover said it had processed 72,000 passengers - more than 200 miles of tourist and freight traffic - since Friday. Traffic was now ‘flowing normally’ and the estimated mote than 6,000 tourist cars which passed through the port on Sunday, faced delays of around an hour. Port bosses insisted things were fast improving and the summer plan should work “for the rest of the holiday period”. But with the M20 still closed between Maidstone and Folkestone- to manage the hundreds of lorries parked on the carriageway under Operation Brock - motorists bound for Folkestone and the Channel Tunnel were yesterday (Sun) facing the biggest problems. The AA described it as “holiday hell’. Jack Cousens, head of roads policy said: “Dover has now recovered but Folkestone has become the hotspot of holiday hell. He said many drivers were still waiting several hours to get to the terminal. Teacher trainer Marc Naylor tweeted yesterday (Sun): “Eurotunnel 22 hours after leaving home and 21 hours of sitting within 2 miles of the tunnel, we are finally on a train. Only another 3 and a half to go the other side but that will be bliss compared to the last day...” Andrew Dyer-Smith and his family were there at the height of the problems. They eventually boarded their train to France after a nightmare 21-hour queue in bumper-to-bumper traffic.  Andrew told how he and his family arrived at Folkestone at 9am Saturday for a train at 10.30. “We have been slowly crawling along for the last 21-plus hours,” he said. He said his children in the backseat were dishevelled but had managed to sleep a bit, while he and his wife had taken the wheel in shifts to snatch some shuteye. Getlink which operates the Eurotunnel Le Shuttle service released a statement saying travel in Kent remained “challenging”. They added: “The expected high levels of holiday traffic and unusually high levels of trucks on the roads mean that there is congestion on routes leading to the Channel. “Eurotunnel recognises the difficult conditions customers are experiencing on the roads and we are working with Kent Police and National Highways to find solutions to the congestion. Extra post-Brexit border checks and French authorities’ understaffing of checkpoints have been blamed for the weekend chaos. In a statement Dover said the entire port system was now working efficiently, citing ‘strong support’ from French border colleagues and ferries running through the night. Doug Bannister, CEO of the Port of Dover, said he was ‘incredibly grateful’ to everyone who had turned the situation around, including French and UK authorities, ferry operators, Kent partners and port staff. He also praised the ‘support and understanding’ of customers and the community during what he described as a ‘challenging period’ “We all now owe it to them to ensure our summer plan is delivered in full for the rest of the holiday period.”  John Keefe, director of public affairs for Eurotunnel, said he was confident the “bit we manage” - from check-in to departure - was working. Problems on the roads were ‘beyond their remit’ he said. Mark Simmonds, director of policy and external affairs at the British Ports Association, said he was glad to hear the situation had improved. He told BBC Breakfast: “We’re pleased to hear that things are going a little bit better today. The queues are down this morning. “The booths are fully staffed, and we’re told that the port expects those booths to be fully staffed throughout the summer.” He admitted Brexit was “certainly contributing” to the situation, with “a harder border than there was before”. Foreign Secretary and Tory leadership hopeful Liz Truss blamed French authorities for the mayhem at British ports. She said she had spoken to French foreign minister Catherine Colonna adding “the French authorities have not put enough people on the border, and we need to see action from then to resolve the terrible situation which travellers, including families, are facing.” French politician Pierre-Henri Dumont, Republican MP for Calais, blamed “an aftermath of Brexit” with more checks needed. He said the Dover port was “too small” with too few kiosks due to a lack of space.  Natalie Elphicke, MP for Dover: “It’s now the third day of traffic chaos on the Kent roads. We can’t keep having a situation where the smallest problem results in days of queues. What’s happened underlines the need for investment new lorry parks and border facilities to create a stronger border.” The Kent Resilience Forum reminded drivers to allow extra time for their journey. They said in a statement: “Passengers heading to Europe will find their journeys impacted by the Operation Brock traffic management scheme being used on the M20, to manage the flow of freight heading to the continent.” They said EU-bound hauliers who tried to jump the queue risked a £300 fine over 100 fixed penalty notices had been issued for non-compliance. In the past 48 hours. But Steve Gooding, director of the RAC Foundation, said Operation Brock brought “massive disruption” to the surrounding area and called on the government to act. He said: “Successive governments have failed to grasp the nettle and invest in the scale of extra lorry parking - with facilities for drivers - instead relying on the inadequate solution of turning a motorway into a lorry park, with the consequent massive disruption that brings to the surrounding area.. “It’s high time we replaced the sticking plaster with a resilient solution worthy of the name.” 