A Place in the Sun is on Channel 4 and the escapist TV series is known for its long line-up of presenters. Ben Hillman joined the show in 2016 and when he is not presenting, he is running his own interior design business. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about whether the star is married. Ben has achieved so much during his career in property, having completed his own self-build project in Brighton. He studied Product and Furniture Design and went on to create one of the world's first portable LED lights. In 2010 he won ITV's nationwide search for 'The Next Big Thing' in interior design. Fans may also recognise him from The Renovation Game, You Deserve This House and 60 Minute Makeover. As for his personal life, the star has been married to his wife Gabby since 2011. READ MORE: A Place in the Sun's Ben Hillman addresses filming difficulties They have two daughters together, Hope Blossom and Honour Willow. The presenter is open about family life on social media, posting many photos with his wife and children. He said he loved being at home with his family, calling them his number one priority in life. The star admitted filming away from his children was hard, especially after the coronavirus lockdown. He said: "To be intensely with them for all that time [through lockdown] and then all of a sudden not, that was quite tough." Ben revealed on the TV Carpenter Podcast how his wife Gabby works in the NHS. He said she worked away from home throughout the entire pandemic. Since the lockdown ended, Ben has also spent a lot of time away from home. He has just been filming in Cyprus for new episodes of A Place in the Sun. DON'T MISS... Leah Charles King on worst A Place in the Sun locations [INSIGHT]A Place in the Sun's Laura Hamilton shut down during 'tricky' search [VIDEO]A Place in the Sun's Danni Menzies opts out of property search [INSIGHT] The star has spent the past three weeks at the sun-soaked destination. In an update on Instagram, he said: "Filming by Aphrodite’s Rock today, one of the many hidden gems in beautiful #cyprus. "I hope you are all enjoying the new series of @aplaceinthesunofficial you can catch @danni.menzies on the box today and I’ll be back tomorrow for a fun-fuelled search on #grancanaria." In 2021, Ben opened up about how he celebrated his anniversary with Gabby in an unusual way. He said in a social media post: "Today is a good day because it is my 10th wedding anniversary. "Can you believe, how fantastic is that? And we're going to a little music festival down the road which I'm super excited about but first of all, I want to have a good moan." He went on to raise how his neighbourhood was covered in rubbish, and he spent the day picking up the stray litter himself. The star had said: "Yesterday the bins were collected and a neighbour's bin was pecked to death by a seagull and now the rubbish has been floating around for a day and no one's done a thing about it - so I'm doing it myself!"   A Place in the Sun airs on weekdays on Channel 4 at 4pm.