Priya (played by Fiona Wade) has been seen in the background of several storylines on Emmerdale recently, including those centring around Al Chapman (Michael Wildman), Leyla Harding (Roxy Shahidi) and David Metcalfe (Matthew Wolfenden). As a single mother of one, she has been struggling to keep up payments for her daughter's ballet lessons recently and this has led her to ask the child's father, David, for money. However, he is having financial problems of his own but in upcoming scenes on the ITV soap, he could find comfort in the arms of his former fiancée. The drama begins later this week as David is continuing with his insurance claim against Nicola King (Nicola Wheeler), who crashed her car into his. This was as a result of her suffering from the trauma of her attack but desperate for money, David has sidelined this fact. When she starts to show some confidence next week by going out of her house properly for the first time, it seems she is on the up. However, it seems her world could come crashing down around her when she realises what the shopkeeper is up to in order to get some money. Despite not being hurt in the car crash, he has claimed he is suffering from whiplash and wants a big payout, meaning he is committing fraud. READ MORE: Ralf Little heartbroken as he uncovers 'upsetting' family secret Not happy with where he is going with this, Priya and his son Jacob Gallagher (Joe-Warren Plant) try to talk to him about making a U-turn. They make their opposition very clear but David is stubborn and has shown this when his girlfriend Victoria Sugden (Isabel Hodgins) tried to help him. Though, with his former lover drilling home the criminality of what he is doing, he seems to show a morse of regret for his actions. This will leave him with a big decision to make as to whether he continues with his scheme or whether he pulls back and pushes those closest to him away. One person who might not be willing to take him pushing them away is Priya as they have a daughter together and she needs to get through to him. As they spend more time together, Priya, who is a successful businesswoman, could show David how he can better his finances. With a plan in action, the shopkeeper could actually start to see results, which couldn't include selling his business. For the first time in a very long time, he could start to see hope for the future and this could all be because of Priya. Despite still being with Victoria, he could start to develop feelings for the mother of his daughter again and this could be reciprocated. Knowing there is chemistry between them, the pair could give in to temptation and begin a steamy affair. DON'T MISS...Nicola Wheeler health: Emmerdale star opens up about operation [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Charley Webb laments 'crying, screaming and arguing' kids [COMMENT]Laura Norton weight loss: ITV star ditched drink and lost 3st [ANALYSIS] David is not known for being honest with his partners when he is moving on with someone else, which almost led to Victoria's death when he was in a relationship with Meena Jutla (Paige Sandhu). So how long will he be able to have both Priya and Victoria in his life without losing everything he holds dear? With the shopkeeper planning on marrying Victoria in the next few months, it could be the secret that comes out on their wedding day. Many affairs tend to be revealed in the middle of a big occasion and therefore, history could repeat itself once again. Knowing he can only have one of the women in his life, will David choose Victoria, or will he return to be by Priya's side? The actress who plays Priya, Fiona, has previously spoken out about whether she thinks her character and David would make a good couple. Fiona explained at the time Priya and David were a thing back in 2013: "I do in a lot of ways. "I think Priya's fun, she's a classy girl and she's ambitious. David likes those things about her, but she can't give him some of the other things that other women can." She added: "I like the drama. I think it's good to always be challenged and I'm sure if they get married, it won't be an easy ride. "It's good to keep Priya on edge, I think," she continued so could it be if David chooses Priya, he will marry her immediately? Discussing whether David has ever got over Priya, the actor who plays him, Matthew, said there could be potential for them in the future. "I think they definitely will crop up again - I know that for certain," he explained in an interview with Digital Spy. "It's how it plays out from then that I don't really know. "I'm not sure whether Priya is still in love with David, or whether she [would just want to be with someone] but we'll have to see how that plays out." Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.