The Russian President has repeatedly asserted that Ukraine is not a sovereign state and is culturally and historically a part of Russia. In a move that will infuriate Kyiv, Putin signed a decree on Monday which will permit all Ukrainians to obtain Russian passports. Previously that right had only been extended to citizens from the quasi-states of the Donetsk People's Republic and the Luhansk People's Republic.  The radical new law will also speed up and simplify the process of acquiring Russian citizenship. The decree signed by the Russian leader seeks to "establish that citizens of Ukraine, the Donetsk People's Republic or the Luhansk People's Republic and stateless persons permanently residing on the territory of the DPR, or LPR, or Ukraine have the right to apply for admission to the citizenship of the Russian Federation in a simplified manner." In a speech preceding the invasion, the Russian despot unilaterally declared that Ukraine had been a Bolshevik invention. He accused the Bolshevik leader Lenin of mistakenly allowing Ukraine to foster a sense of statehood by giving it autonomy within the newly created Soviet state. He explained: "“Modern Ukraine was entirely and fully created by Russia, more specifically the Bolshevik, communist Russia. “This process began practically immediately after the 1917 revolution.  "Moreover Lenin and his associates did it in the sloppiest way in relation to Russia — by dividing, tearing from her pieces of her own historical territory.” This is not the first time that Putin has signed such a decree. In May, he signed a similar law, which applied to Ukrainians living in Russian-controlled regions of the country. This provoked an angry response from the government in Kyiv. At the time, Ukraine's Foreign Ministry accused the Kremlin of "criminal" behaviour. READ MORE: Russia intentionally burning Ukraine's wheat fields to cripple world A statement from the Foreign Ministry said: “The illegal issuing of passports...is a flagrant violation of Ukraine’s sovereignty and territorial integrity, as well as norms and principles of international humanitarian law.” The ministry added that the initiative was further evidence of Moscow’s “criminal” war goals, namely the integration of regions held by Moscow’s army “into Russia’s legal, political and economic field”. In June, Russian occupation authorities started handing out passports to residents in Kherson and Melitopol in southern Russia. Twenty-three Kherson residents were handed their new Russian passports on Saturday, June 11 in a ceremony, according to a report at the time by the state Russian media agency Tass. Tass also claimed that thousands of Ukrainians had applied to acquire Russian citizenship, although these claims were never verified. DON'T MISS World War 3 as Putin to ‘launch nukes’ if China invades key area [NEWS]Putin allies in meltdown as cracks appear over Ukraine  [REVEAL]Putin facing uphill battle as 'lack of manpower' hinders invasion plot [SPOTLIGHT] Additionally, Russian occupation authorities in Kherson said they would request Moscow to annex their province. In a May 11 televised address, a representative of the occupation administration for the Kherson region confirmed that an appeal would be sent directly to Putin requesting annexation by Moscow. “The city of Kherson is Russia,” stated occupation administration deputy head Kirill Stremousov. “There will be no Kherson People’s Republic and no referendums. "It will be a single decree based on an appeal from the leadership of the Kherson region to the president of the Russian Federation to make Kherson a fully-fledged region of Russia.”