Leeds have reportedly offered Barcelona an ultimatum if they are to have any chance of signing the Whites' Brazilian winger Raphinha this summer amidst 'very high offers' from Arsenal and Chelsea - with the club wanting a deal to be finalised as soon as possible. Raphinha has been subject to interest from some of Europe's top sides since the January window, with various reports claiming that the Blaugrana had already agreed personal terms with the former Sporting Lisbon winger. His spellbinding performances were a major reason for Leeds' survival on the final day of the Premier League, although their failure to be relegated failed to activate a release clause of around £35million that would likely have seen him depart by now. As such, Barcelona have yet to agree a fee for his services and that appears to have been capitalised upon by Chelsea and Arsenal, who have supposedly put in 'high offers' for the star. And according to Mundo Deportivo, the Yorkshire-based club have offered an ultimatum to Barcelona by saying they want the transfer to be done as soon as possible - or miss out on him otherwise. The report states that Leeds have told the Spanish giants to submit their final offer before the close of play on Thursday, giving Xavi's men little time to sign the winger. The former Rennes player is one of Barcelona's most sought after targets, and with the club needing reinforcements on the right-hand side of midfield he has been earmarked as a future talent. Chelsea and Arsenal, according to the publication, have offered £64m for Raphinha as they also look to strengthen - an amount which Barcelona refuse to pay. Jesse Marsch's men have already agreed terms for Feyenoord window Luis Sinisterra to replace Raphinha having been resigned to losing their star man alongside the recently departed Kalvin Phillips. But with Barcelona no closer to a deal to sign the Selecao star, it appears the 25-year-old is edging ever closer to a move to the English capital as he seeks European football. Barcelona president Joan Laporta believes that there is no deadline to complete the deal, although time will tell if that is true given that Leeds would have to accept Raphinha's sale before signing Colombian star Sinisterra. Tottenham star Davinson Sanchez has backed Sinisterra to become a hit in English football, much like his predecessor. “Leeds is competitive. It is a team that everyone knows, for which coach (Marcelo) Bielsa worked for a long time," Sanchez said. “Lucho (Sinisterra) has been doing very well. He played in a European tournament final (the UEFA Conference League). He’s earned his place in the Netherlands. He has qualities. He showed them in the national team. “If he has the chance to come (to Leeds), he will compete. And I think what he has in his favour is that this is a league of duels. He is very strong in duels and will be able to make a difference like Luis Diaz. “If he comes, best of luck.”