After separating from Priscilla, Elvis Presley’s next long-term lover was Miss Tennessee model Linda Thompson. The 22-year-old lived with The King at Graceland from 1972-1976 and despite claiming to have saved his life on numerous occasions, only featured for mere seconds in archive footage during Baz Luhrmann’s new biopic. The Elvis movie biopic basically ends in 1974 before skipping forward to The King’s death in 1977 at 42. Neither of his last two girlfriends Linda nor Ginger Alden is acknowledged as having had a major part in his life during the movie. This could be explained by the film's focus on Elvis' relationship with his manager Colonel Tom Parker and his only wife Priscilla Presley. However, the exes and some close family members including the star's cousin Billy Smith – the last surviving original Memphis Mafia member – are not happy with what they've heard about the final product. Linda previously wrote on social media: “No, I haven’t seen it yet. The trailer looks very entertaining and Austin Butler appears to do a fantastic depiction. BUT since so many people are left out who were very important and instrumental in Elvis’ life – I wouldn’t call it a biopic. I spent four years and a half years of my life living with and deeply caring for Elvis on many levels. I shared a hospital room with him every time he was in hospital. I had my own bed next to his during those times. I travelled on every tour with him. I was the only woman to ever do so in this life. I was at every Las Vegas engagement during those years. I literally saved his life on several occasions.” Linda, who amicably broke up with Elvis in late 1976, added at the time: “We stayed in touch and loved each other until the day he died – even though we had broken up and I had moved out of Graceland only eight months before. So any inclusion or exclusion in any movie ever made can never erase the important role I played in his life and he in mine. But every true fan already knows that. Thank you all for your loyalty." Since then, the 72-year-old has shared a ton of photos of her time with Elvis, proving how big a part she played in his later life, captioning a post: “A picture says 1000 words.” READ MORE: Elvis movie: Major girlfriends and life details ‘erased’ from biopic Yesterday marked the 50th anniversary of Linda's first meeting with Elvis and she shared a special video of their time together, in a post liked by The King’s only child Lisa Marie Presley who is a huge fan of the biopic. His former lover wrote: “It’s astonishing how quickly time/life moves forward! 50 years ago today July 6, 1972, I met, & fell in love at first sight with Elvis Presley. My life was changed irrevocably. The memories of the years I lived & travelled with him, the valuable lessons I learned, and my capacity to love honestly and unconditionally have followed & served me throughout my life. Elvis’s legacy endures today because of his phenomenally loyal fan base…not because of crass commercialisation or those who profitably capitalise on his name and likeness. Elvis lives on in the hearts of those who recognise that he was a true original…a spectacularly flawed and fabulous human being.” DON'T MISSThe Beatles: Paul McCartney on first meeting ‘posh’ John Lennon [THE BEATLES]Elvis: The devastating real reason The King turned down A Star Is Born [ELVIS]Elvis movie review: Tom Hanks Colonel very much the villain of biopic [REVIEW] Linda added: “There are so few of us left on this earth who intimately knew and loved the essence of his heart & soul… The human entity… Not the name in lights on the marquee. Elvis was a uniquely complicated, dichotomous man in all of his simplicity…a man who set the world on fire with his music, his generosity, his charisma, his passion, his sensuality, his humour, his loyalty, his sensitivity, his humility, his vulnerabilities and his strengths…the devotion of his love…That’s how he would want to be remembered.” The video included the lyrics from Elvis song And I Love You So: “And yes, I know how lonely life can be.”