Kevin Hollinrake MP, Conservative Member of Parliament for Thirsk and Malton, described to Times Radio an interaction between him and Mr Sunak when they were both Tory backbenchers. He said the former chancellor began professing his love for pop star Justin Bieber and even started singing the male artist’s popular song ‘Love Yourself’ while discussing their weekend plans. It comes as Mr Sunak vies to become the next Prime Minister having made it to the final two candidates to replace Boris Johnson.    Mr Hollinrake said: “I was just chatting away to him - we were both backbenchers - and he said ‘Oh, what are you doing tonight?’. “And I said to him, ‘Well, do you know, I have got the wife and kids coming down but I’ve got nothing to do tonight because they are all going to watch Justin Bieber at the O2’. “And I said, ‘I can’t think of anything worse than Justine Bieber’. “And then [Rishi] said, ‘Ah, no, Justin Bieber is fantastic! That song, mama don’t like, mama don’t like you and she likes everyone’.    “He started singing this song, and so he’s got interests outside of politics, which is great as well, both business and personal interests. “So, as I say, he comes across as a really normal person as well as being bright and articulate.” Mr Holllinrake announced he would be supporting Mr Sunak to become the next leader of the Conservative Party on July 18. He wrote on Twitter: “Delighted to confirm my support for ⁦@RishiSunak⁩ as our next leader and Prime Minister and also that 43 percent of the 273 Thirsk & Malton members who’ve replied so far agree with me.” READ MORE: Tory chaos over Boris betrayal - ask Michael Fabricant YOUR questions [POLL]   The story told by Mr Hollinrake could be poor timing as Mr Sunak embarks on a six-week tour to prove to the Conservative Party members that he is a suitable candidate for the role of Prime Minister. Alongside his leadership rival Ms Truss, the former chancellor will visit Cardiff, Perth, Northern Ireland, Manchester and Birmingham in the following weeks to prove to the country their credibility as a leader and a visionary for the economy. The pair will then attend a final hustings in London on August 31 before the new leader is announced on September 5. But recent comments from Tory strategists that Mr Sunak is “slightly boring” suggest that tales of his singing exploits might possibly improve his chances of success. DON'T MISS: Liz Truss declared ‘only credible choice’ in Tory leadership race [REPORT] We have heard the issues but the next PM's priority MUST be children [INSIGHT] POLL: Should Boris Johnson come back as Prime Minister? [POLL]   One Conservative strategist told The Times today that the Conservative Party members, who are overwhelmingly in favour of Ms Truss, according to a recent YouGov poll, see “Sunak as technocratic and wooden”. The strategist added: “He doesn’t excite them . . . He is the establishment guy; slightly boring.” YouGov polls have shown that Liz Truss holds a 24 percentage point lead over Mr Sunak among Torty party members with 62 percent of the potential vote. And another poll showed that party members were overwhelmingly more interested in the candidates’ personal traits as opposed to their policies. Such pollings suggest that stories of Mr Sunak’s love of Justin Bieber and his penchant for singing could prove useful after all in overcoming the current popularity gap between himself and the foreign secretary. READ NEXT: 'Bring Boris back!' Furious caller erupts at Sunak and TrussTruss to face 'accidental escalation' over hated Brexit bill like May'Won’t choke off Britain' Liz Truss slaps Nick Robinson on tax cutsTruss vs Sunak: Who should be our next Prime Minister? VOTE HEREWould be a disaster' Liz Truss reveals her 'biggest fear' as PM 