Speaking during a call with reporters, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said: "He (Johnson) doesn't like us, we don't like him either". The spokesman had said reports Boris Johnson was resigning as Prime Minister were of little concern to the Kremlin. Mr Johnson has launched numerous furious outbursts against Russia since Vladimir Putin gave the go-ahead for his country to invade Ukraine on February 24. The UK Government has slapped Russia with several packages of crippling sanctions aimed at blowing a huge hole in the warring country's economy. Reaction from across Europe over the news of Mr Johnson's resignation also quickly swept in. Brexit critic and Belgian MEP Guy Verhofstadt tweeted: "Boris Johnson's reign ends in disgrace, just like his friend Donald Trump. The end of an era of transatlantic populism? Let's hope so. "EU - UK relations suffered hugely with Johnson's choice of Brexit. Things can only get better!"  German MEP Bernd Lange tweeted: "Finally. End of an undignified spectacle. Boris Johnson was all about maintaining power & his own ego. "Escalation & staging instead of solution-oriented politics. Now British theatrical thunder should end. "We need new start. Relationships EU-UK & practical solutions for the implementation of the NI protocol." Mr Johnson quit following a huge exodus of ministers and MPs over the past 36 hours who made it clear he can no longer remain in his position. READ MORE: Who do YOU want to see as the new PM? VOTE NOW  He will remain as Prime Minister until a successor is in place, which could be decided before the Conservative Party conference in October. The Prime Minister had spoken to Sir Graham Brady, chairman of the Conservative 1922 Committee, to inform him of his decision. A No 10 source said: "The Prime Minister has spoken to Graham Brady and agreed to stand down in time for a new leader to be in place by the conference in October." This afternoon, Mr Johnson issued a statement outside Number 10 to confirm the decision. DON'T MISS'If Boris goes, Brexit goes' Lord predicts as issue now 'up for grabs' [VIDEO]Pound SURGES on Boris' resignation as UK economy to make huge gains [LATEST]Ukrainian MP distances herself from Johnson thanking Brits for support [COMMENTS]  The resignation comes with the Prime Minister continuing to haemorrhage support among his own senior ministers and MPs. Since Tuesday night, nearly 60 MPs have resigned from government or party roles, after the mass exodus was triggered by the resignations of Chancellor Rishi Sunak and Health Secretary Sajid Javid from the Cabinet. Mr Johnson had desperately tried to hold onto power and defy his critics, despite warnings from Cabinet colleagues that this was not sustainable.  But the ministerial and MP resignations continued to flow as calls surged for the Prime Minister to resign immediately. Newly-appointed Chancellor Nadhim Zahawi - who has only been in the role less than 48 hours - today went public with his call for the Prime Minister to quit. The timetable for the Tory leadership contest will be agreed between the 1922 Committee and Conservative headquarters. 