Peace lilies are a popular houseplant and have many beneficial properties. The plant can help filter indoor air and increase levels of humidity in the home. The houseplant can also absorb mould spores and allergens in the air. In a video for the Royal Horticultural Society (RHS) houseplant expert shared the “key” to a “happy” peace lily and what conditions they like best. RHS Ambassador Jamie Butterworth said the “easy-to-grow” plant likes an “east-facing window” and warm temperatures. Peace lilies are the “most ideal starter” plant and make a great gift for amateur houseplant lovers. Jamie said in the video: “Not only does it bring greenery indoors but it can also enhance any room and they are brilliant air purifiers. READ MORE: 10p hack to remove tea cup stains ‘in minutes’ with ‘no scrubbing’ “They have these amazing glossy leaves and these fantastic pure white flowers that are actually spathes.” In the wild, peace lilies are found on the forest floor which means they like dappled sunlight and shade. According to Jamie, a peace lily receiving ample sunlight and consistent moisture, is the “key” to its happiness. He said: “Replicating these conditions in your home is the key to getting your peace lily to be happy and healthy. They do grow best in partial shade.” DON'T MISSAre there 'criminal plants' in your garden? 9 plants you can’t grow [INSIGHT]Use newspaper to ‘stop weed growth’ completely - ‘cheap and effective’ [UPDATE]‘Best time of year’ to fertilise your lawn - ‘boosts the condition’ [ANALYSIS] Houseplant owners should ensure their peace lilies are not in too shady a spot as they might not flower as well. Peace lilies prefer temperatures upwards of 21C so keep them away from cold drafts and windows, especially in the cooler months. The plant should be repotted in every year in the spring for it to thrive. Repotting is “fantastic for the health of a peace lily” as the plant will “really appreciate” the new soil. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea However, before repotting the plant, houseplant owners should ensure the roots have completely filled the original pot. It’s also important to regularly deadhead peace lilies as this will allow the plant to produce more flowers. Deadheading should be done once the blooms have turned brown and shrivelled up. When this happens, cut off the floor from the base of the plant.  It can be tempting to completely dowse houseplants with water but it’s actually best to allow a peace lily to completely dry out before watering it. High humidity levels can then be maintained by misting the plant regularly. Alternatively, a tray of moist gravel under the pot can help boost humidity levels.