Manchester United and Arsenal are set to do battle over yet another player in the transfer window this summer. Cristiano Ronaldo wants to leave while Lisandro Martinez is already embroiled in a tug-of-war between the two Premier League clubs. United and Arsenal will reportedly fight over the signing of Paulo Dybala this summer after his contract at Juventus expired this month. That will mean that Erik ten Hag and Mikel Arteta have to lay out their battle plans for a second time with the two Premier League teams already competing to convince Martinez to make the move. The Ajax star could be on his way to England this summer with both clubs desperate to bolster their defences. The Argentina international has been priced at around £45million, a total neither club have reached yet but United have made the most progress. The Red Devils have offered a guaranteed £35m, plus add-ons. Arsenal are set to meet with Ajax next week to thrash out a financial package in what could be their last attempt to prevent the defender from moving to Old Trafford. As for the player, he is happy to sign for either club and personal terms are not expected to be a hurdle. But it is not just the backline that both United and Arsenal want to improve with a new attacker also in their sights. Dybala has seen his contract expire at Juventus while talks with Inter Milan have stalled. According to Italian publication La Repubblica, via the Metro, the two Premier League clubs have been in contact with the Argentine's agent Jorge Antun. While what transpired has yet to come to light, the topic of Dybala is likely to have arisen. United are eyeing a potential replacement for Cristiano Ronaldo, who has told them that he wants to leave this summer to play in the Champions League. The Gunners, on the other hand, are looking to bolster their strikeforce despite the impending arrival of Gabriel Jesus. Arteta wants to sign a second striker to accompany the incoming Brazilian while Dybala would fit the bill in terms of what the Spaniard wants in his forwards. As well as United and Arsenal, Napoli have been linked with the 28-year-old.