 In June alone, the cost of filling up increased by £9 with a record monthly jump of nearly 17p per litre. On average, it now costs more than £105 to fill an average 55-litre family car tank with petrol and almost £110 with diesel.  As a result, many drivers have been looking for ways in which they can boost their fuel economy and cut down on their petrol and diesel costs. One of the key tips drivers should pay attention to is to ditch the air conditioning. Using air con can account for as much as 10 percent of the overall economy of the vehicle. It’s far better to use the vehicle’s fan or open a window to get some cooler air in. READ MORE: 'Mr Loophole' warns of 'carnage' if the UK adopts EU speed limiters  The same is true when opening windows at high speeds. Generally, when travelling over 50mph, drivers should refrain from opening the windows. Beware though, as above 50mph, it will be more efficient to use air conditioning than to open a window, as the drag has a profound effect on the fuel economy. Simon Beckett, of CamperKing’s service centre, said: “As a company whose customers take to the road to enjoy their leisure pastime, especially at this time of year, we know that the cost of fuel will be playing on their mind at the moment. DON'T MISSLittle-known button at petrol pump that gets the exact amount of fuel [SHOCKING]'Fuel hack' driver claims could save you hundreds causes fierce debate [INSIGHT]Petrol and diesel drivers risk daily charges with new Clean Air Zones [WARNING]  “We understand people will be making choices about their travel based on the impact it will have on their pocket. “That’s why we were keen to show there are simple ways to mitigate against the rising cost of fuel, and continue to enjoy a campervan break away from home, knowing you have done what you can to reduce your fuel consumption.” CamperKing chose a 44-mile route close to its base in rural Warwickshire that included a stretch of motorway driving, urban roads and rural roads. Team members conducted two runs, driving the same vehicle (a Volkswagen Transporter T6.1 Highline with DSG), on the same route, under the same conditions.  On the first run, they were paying particular attention to fuel-saving techniques, and then driving without using those methods for the second. The findings showed that with some very straightforward and simple-to-adopt driving strategies, huge savings could be made. On the first run, the CamperKing team recorded an average economy of 35.3 miles to the gallon, but following the second run, this had dropped significantly to 31.8. The second run achieved economy of 28.3mpg over the 44-mile route, representing a drop in fuel economy of seven miles per gallon or very nearly 20 percent of the economy, in just over one hour's driving.  If these methods were used over a longer drive, motorists could save around £25 to £30 for every tankful of fuel, especially with campervans. Drivers can help boost their fuel efficiency by reading the road in front of them. This involves aiming to accelerate and decelerate as little as possible as doing so uses vast amounts of energy. When approaching roundabouts and junctions, drivers should think about and manage their road position. Most drivers react to what is happening immediately in front of them, but by looking further ahead, they can anticipate situations that may affect their progress much sooner and adjust their driving to suit.