Dolly Parton is known for never looking anything less than glamorous, and she continues to wow fans with her stylish outfits and elaborate hairstyles. However, over at her sprawling home located in Brentwood, Nashville, Dolly, 76, has opted for surprisingly understated decor. The star lives with her rarely-seen husband Carl Dean, 79, who she married back in 1966, and the pair's adorable pet French Bulldog, who they've named Billy The Kid. While Dolly has kept her private life under wraps for years, during the pandemic she gave fans a glimpse inside her lavish abode, which she purchased back in 1999. Brentwood, Tennessee happens to be the same area that Marylin Monroe once lived in. Brentwood is a suburb of Nashville but since it’s away from downtown, the land surrounding Dolly’s home is very spread out. Although she gives a direct look inside the property, the view from outside tells a lot. The estate is guarded by a large iron gate and behind it a driveway leads to the large idyllic-looking main house proudly displaying an American flag. READ MORE: Estate agent tactics buyers should ‘always’ be aware of - how to avoid Dolly and her husband paid around $400,000 (£337,000) for the home and it reportedly spans 3,324 square feet inside. Since moving in, it seems the country star expanded the estate too. From Google Maps it is clear to see there are about 10 structures and each has a bright red roof and can be seen from the road, giving Dolly’s property a country feel. It is also clear to see that her outdoor space features a tennis court, a swimming pool, several gazebos and acres of land to roam. Also present is a quaint chapel where Dolly likes to go when she feels overwhelmed or just wants to pray. DON'T MISS: ‘Worst mistake’ gardeners can make during a heatwave - how to prevent [EXPERT]‘The best way’ to water tomato plants - ‘important to their growth’ [TIPS]Are there 'criminal plants' in your garden? 9 plants you can’t grow [INISGHT] During the pandemic, Dolly filmed several videos for her Instagram followers from different parts of her home. She previously gave her fans a peek inside her stunning living room, when she videoed herself chatting to the camera while sitting on a huge cream armchair. The lounge area is surprisingly lowkey, and features cream wallpaper, along with a small gold side table with a matching lamp placed and a butterfly ornament on top. At the other end of the room is a brown sofa complete with burgundy and brown scatter cushions, and a floral rug. READ MORE: 65p tin foil hack to ensure homes stays cool as heatwave continues The 76-year-old's hallway is painted light yellow, and boasts a large wooden staircase. Dolly decorated the space with a series of floral arrangements, which could be seen dotted around by a large white window. She has also added a retro wooden side dresser on one side, and a glass candle lantern in the corner. It's no secret that Dolly has had a highly successful music career, and the star has a room at her home entirely dedicated to her achievements. She shared a snap back in 2020 showing off a series of certificates, which had been framed and displayed in one of the rooms. Behind the singer, a large painting honouring her achievement of selling 100 million records worldwide could be seen, and the wall is decorated with patterned wallpaper. The space also boasts a grand piano and floral curtains, as well as a light green carpet and dark wooden furniture. Other rooms are more vibrant however, with one featuring a bold multicoloured wallpaper and large houseplant. Another has been decorated with printed wallpaper covered in green and pink plants, and has a large white bench located in the corner. In one photo, shared to the Instagram account Dolly has set up for her pet pup Billy, the singer can be seen cuddling her Frenchie as they sit in the corner, next to a bright blue cushion with a parrot on the front.