The Primetime Emmy Awards has just announced its extensive list of nominations for the last year in TV, with HBO hit Succession leading the pack with 25 nods. Unfortunately, the hit Starz series Outlander was once again left out of the running, and fans of the Diana Gabaldon-inspired historical drama have flocked to Twitter to complain. Outlander and its lead stars Sam Heughan and Caitriona Balfe were sadly not included in this year’s list of Emmy nominations. So far, the series has been nominated for just two Emmy awards over the course of its six seasons. Despite this year’s stellar sixth outing being eligible for nominations this year, the Outlander cast and crew will once again go empty-handed. Hundreds of fans have now taken to social media to complain about the Emmys’ egregious oversight. READ MORE: Carol Vorderman distracts fans with 'annoying' habit Nikita Giantsios tweeted: “Caitriona Balfe is trending because being in an Oscar-nominated film and nominated for that role up the wazoo still isn’t enough for the Emmys to give her the Outlander nomination she deserves six seasons in. Literally THE greatest actress.” @TinyTunney wrote: “First tweet in over a week and it has to be said that Caitriona Balfe, Sam Heughan, and Outlander absolutely deserve all the nominations for their outstanding season six. “It is 100000% the Television Academy's loss for continually passing them over every year.” @kittidiriczi said: “I don't care about the Emmys since they keep snubbing Caitriona Balfe and Outlander in general.” “It shocks me that #Outlander has been overlooked so many times!” Sophie Fauchier exclaimed. “The acting is the BEST EVER! The #emmy voters MUST have their heads in the sand….” “These Emmys lose more credibility every year with their narrow-mindedness,” Paradowski Fabienne fumed. “When you see the previous seasons of Outlander, it's inconceivable that they didn't get an Emmy award. DON'T MISS:NCIS Hawaii season 2 theory: Whistler and Tara split sealed [THEORY]P-Valley’s Big Teak star sent tributes after heartbreaking death [TRIBUTE]Stranger Things season 5 theory: Will Byers to destroy Upside Down [INSIGHT] “Maybe Starz should get involved in the promotion, not just the actors,” they suggested. And @JessyJazz6 said: “Listen... I'm officially SICK and TIRED of the #Emmys snubbing #Outlander. “The fact that @caitrionambalfe didn't get all the awards for the season five finale alone is just mind-boggling! Claire went through hell for NOTHING and I'm OVER the disrespect.” (sic) Claire Fraser star Caitriona recently starred in Kenneth Branagh’s prestige drama film, Belfast. Although she herself wasn’t nominated at the Oscars, her performance received considerable awards buzz and the film landed seven Academy Award nominations, winning for Best Original Screenplay. Now, fans found it inconceivable neither Claire nor her co-star Sam were included in this year’s Emmy nods, despite submitting themselves for consideration. The cast is currently at work on Outlander’s seventh season, which will hopefully convince the Emmys to come around on the epic historical drama. Outlander seasons 1-6 are available on Starz in the USA and StarzPlay in the UK.