 The 74-year-old star, whose band is famous for songs like Black Magic Woman and The Game of Love, was “overtaken by heat exhaustion and dehydration” during a show at the Pine Knob Music Theatre about 40 miles from Detroit, a rep told PEOPLE magazine. After fainting, he was then taken off-stage and rushed to a medical centre for observations.   Santana “just collapsed on stage”, tweeted Billboard Reporter Gary Graff from the event. He was removed 20 minutes after falling and taken to the hospital, Graff added. The rocker was reportedly playing the song Joy when it happened, another concert-goer told The Detroit News. Since the ordeal, the rep has confirmed that he was taken to the emergency room at McLaren Clarkston to be looked at and is “doing well”.  READ MORE: How to sleep: The food 'abundant in sleep-promoting nutrients'  The music event was part of the guitarist's Miraculous Supernatural 2022 tour, which the band are currently undergoing with the band Earth, Wind & Fire. On Facebook, Santana shared that he was “taking it easy” and said he “forgot to eat and drink water", which he believes caused the issue. Heat exhaustion itself is not usually a serious health condition and can be sorted out through cooling down. However, if it worsens into heatstroke, it becomes a medical emergency.   Heat exhaustion symptoms include a high temperature above 38 degrees, fast breathing, excessive sweating, and cramps in the arms, legs, and stomach. It can also cause people to feel confused and feel sick. On the other hand, the symptoms of heat stroke include having a temperature of over 40 degrees, explains the NHS.  READ MORE: High blood pressure: How you sleep may affect your risk   People with heat stroke may also have fits, lose consciousness, and feel unwell after 30 minutes of resting. They should be put in the recovery position if they lose consciousness while waiting for help. This health ordeal comes after another health scare in December last year. Santana – known for playing two to three hour concerts that see the audience in awe at the star’s mesmerising riffs – was given an “unscheduled heart procedure” for an undisclosed heart issue. 