Russia state news agency TASS reported the death of aid worker Paul Urey, from Culcheth, Lancashire. Mr Urey was captured in eastern Ukraine. He was then charged with "mercenary activities" by separatists in the self-proclaimed Donetsk People's Republic (DPR). Mr Urey died on Sunday "due to illness and stress", the Ombudsman of the DPR Daria Morozova claimed on her Telegram social media channel. She wrote: "British representatives ignored even the possibility of negotiating his return as part of the prisoner exchange procedure. “Moreover, they did not provide the necessary medical preparations through the Red Cross. "Paul Urey was provided with appropriate medical assistance, but given the diagnoses and stress, he died on July 10.” The British foreign office told Express.co.uk they are "urgently seeking clarification" on the report. Mr Urey, 45, was captured alongside fellow British national Dylan Healy, 22, on April 25.  Mr Urey had appeared on Russian TV handcuffed and being interrogated in a video that has since raised suspicions about whether he was under duress. He is in handcuffs and it appears to have been heavily edited. Mr Urey said he wanted to see if the refugee crisis was really as bad as the news in the UK portrays it, as he did not believe it was. Explaining his capture, he says he was taking photos of a damaged bridge which he said "was not" caused by a "Russian strike", and had been "blown up from underneath". He said this was "evidence that the media in England is lying". He also called the British Government “corrupt”. After seeing the clip, she said: "This is physically my son, but he is not acting in his natural way; his words are too matter of fact and his facial expressions make me not believe what he is saying. “Normally he speaks fast and to the point. “I know my son like every mother, and this is not him being natural.” It is said that Healy and Urey were detained at a Russian military checkpoint in the Zaporizhzhia region in late April while evacuating a Ukrainian woman and two children from the war zone. Speaking just after his capture, International Trade Secretary Anne-Marie Trevelyan told Sky News: “The Foreign Office obviously has been working very closely with those in Ukraine both to make sure the identification is correct and indeed to work with local authorities and to support families here. "As we have set out right from the beginning, we do not want British nationals to go and fight, but there are many, many ways in which so many people can all support. “We do not want people to go and fight, but obviously the Foreign Office is doing all it can to support and identify these two people.” An FCDO spokesperson said: “We are urgently seeking clarification from the Russian government on media reports that a British aid worker has died in Ukraine."