Alex Jones, 45, has spoken about the role of her third child with husband Charlie Thompson. The BBC presenter has said that baby daughter Annie saved the pair amid romance struggles. Alex added that she reminds herself daily to tell Annie when she grows up that she was the “most incredible baby”. The star gave birth to Annie ten months ago and has been working hard at work ever since. She explained that regardless of how important she knew it was to “look after yourself”, she would still rather spend every spare half an hour with her children. Alex revealed in an interview today with OK! magazine that despite being "a dream", Annie came as somewhat of a surprise into the couples’ lives. READ MORE: Loose Women’s Denise Welch sparks frenzy in busty red swimsuit snap She said: “Annie was a huge surprise. “But she was very much wanted. I just love having the three of them. I always wanted a little gang. And Annie is a dream. “She’s been the easiest baby. She’s just lovely and I remind myself every day to tell her when she’s older that she was the most incredible baby. “She’s saved us completely. You wouldn’t even know she was there, she’s so good.” The presenter explained that their daughter’s name was inspired by the lead in the film Father of the Bride. She joins older brothers Teddy, five, and Kit, three, at the London family home. Discussing her daily routine, Alex said she wakes up at 5am to tend to her kids before heading off to work at 3pm and coming home at 7:30 pm. The star said it was a “hugely demanding schedule” that evokes “huge waves of mum guilt”. DON'T MISS... Amanda Owen addresses ‘chaotic’ home life at Ravenseat amid split [INSIGHT]Madonna, 63, goes topless as she strips off in eye-popping snaps [UPDATE]Lady Victoria Hervey, 45, goes underwear-free in daring number [ANALYSIS] Regardless, Alex said she was grateful to have maintained her career as she said that being a stay at home mum was the “hardest job in the world”. Alex furthered that she wasn’t alone, however. She is among a group of celebrity colleagues who are also parents, and so is able to talk to them about challenges that each of them face. Colleagues she works with on The One Show include Ronan Keating, who has five children, and Jermaine Jenas, who has four. Alex explained that finding balance was one of the hardest parts of her life right now. She feels “heartbroken” at the thought of missing one of her kids’ “little moments”.