The Queen's youngest granddaughter Lady Louise Windsor, 18, has become a firm favourite with royal fans in recent years, often delighting with her carriage driving skills and appearances alongside the Royal Family at high-profile events. She is one of the Queen's four granddaughters alongside Zara Tindall, Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie, and Louise's title is particularly unique.  Louise and her brother James, Viscount Severn, are styled as the children of an Earl, even though their father is a Prince. Prince Edward was born a son of the Sovereign, and he was granted the Earl of Wessex title to mark his marriage to Sophie Rhys-Jones in 1999. Royal historian Marlene Koenig told Express.co.uk: "Prince Edward's children are technically Princess Louise and Prince James but are not styled as such. "This was made clear on the day of Edward‘s wedding that his children would have the style and title of children of an Earl even though they are grandchildren [of the Sovereign] in the male line."  READ MORE: New Archie pictures show 'significant' difference with Cambridges A Letters Patent issued by King George V in 1917 stipulates who gets a royal title in the Royal Family, and under these rules, Louise was eligible to be a Princess. The children and grandchildren of the monarch through the male line, and the eldest son of the eldest son of the Prince of Wales, can be known as HRH and Prince or Princess. If Louise used the title she is eligible for, she would likely be styled Her Royal Highness Princess Louise of Wessex, to reflect her father's Earldom. Before their respective marriages, the York sisters were styled as HRH Princess Beatrice of York and HRH Princess Eugenie of York, which reflected their father Prince Andrew's Dukedom of York.   But the decision for Louise not to use a Princess title was thought to be linked to discussions involving the Way Ahead group, which was set up by the Queen and senior advisors in the 1990s to ensure the continuation of the monarchy. There was some speculation that when she turned 18 last year, Lady Louise would have the option of taking on her birthright Princess title, but Ms Koenig said this was "never her choice" to make. Ms Koenig elaborated: "That would be a decision for the Sovereign and only the Sovereign, but the plan even in the late 1990s was to make the Royal Family smaller. "One of the Way Ahead group’s ideas was to remove the two princesses' royal titles and have them styled as Lady Beatrice and Lady Eugenie as daughters of a Duke but this was vetoed.  DON'T MISS:‘Beautiful’ Mia and Lena Tindall delight royal fans [INSIGHT]Sophie Wessex lives in grandest royal home near Kate's future house [PICTURES]Lady Louise is 'turning into her mum’s style twin' as she 'blossoms' [ANALYSIS] "I would presume this was vetoed because they were already born. It was a lot easier to implement for Edward when he got married and this is what happened. "His children, although technically entitled to the style of Prince and Princess, are styled as children of an Earl." As the granddaughter of the monarch through the female line, Princess Anne's daughter Zara Tindall has no royal titles at all. If the Queen had granted Zara and her brother Peter Phillips titles, they may have been known as Princess Zara and Prince Peter. 