Meteo France has forecast another heatwave to hit the country in early August while the temperatures are set to exceed 30C from this Sunday. An orange alert has been issued for 56 departments in France.  However, the temperatures in the UK are likely to hover around 26C on Sunday with some parts of the country witnessing mild rainfall. According to NetWeather.Tv, on Sunday a waving front is moving across southern Britain, again bringing rain. The Netweather model shows 85 percent chance (very high) of rain for Sunday morning and lunchtime. Monday, however, will see another fair start with a lot of cloud showing in the forecast, but rain from a warm front later.  The department said: “Under those cloudy skies, UV still gets through. “Whilst it’s not glaring sunshine beating down all day long its still worth slapping on the sunscreen as breaks will appear and campers are outside all day long.” The BBC reported that heatwaves have become more frequent, more intense, and last longer because of human-induced climate change. The world has already warmed by about 1.1C since the industrial era began and temperatures will keep rising unless governments around the world make steep cuts to emissions.  READ MORE: Is there a hosepipe ban in my area? As well as increasing energy costs, recent heatwaves have led to more than 500 deaths in Spain over the past two weeks. The World Health Organisation said Europe's most recent heatwave has led to “needless deaths”. Meanwhile, the latest annual report shows the continuation of warmer than average years and increasing rate of sea level rise around the UK. The State of the UK Climate 2021 report reviews the climate and significant meteorological events of the year across the UK.  DON'T MISS:Brexit Britain leading the way in wind farming Royal fans gush over ‘classic’ Sophie Wessex in ‘fabulous’ frock Queen set to open doors to pub as monarch scouts for landlords This year’s report continues to show the impact of global temperature rises on the climate in the UK, reaffirming that climate change is not just a problem for the future and that it is already influencing the conditions we experience here at home. Mike Kendon, from the Met Office National Climate Information Centre and lead author of the report, said: “As ever the weather we experienced in 2021 was highly variable, with extreme events like Storm Arwen bringing impacts to our daily lives. “When considering the UK climate over the whole year it might seem rather unremarkable, however it is telling that whereas we consider 2021 as near-average for temperature in the context of the current climate, had this occurred just over three decades ago it would have been one of the UK’s warmest years on record. “Although 1C of warming might not sound like much, it has led to maximum temperatures like the 32.2C we saw in 2021 becoming routine rather than the exception. “This is particularly stark when considering the record breaking heat the UK experienced just last week.” 