Newcastle United have stepped up their interest in Santos wonderkid Angelo - dubbed the 'new Neymar'. The Magpies have a long-standing interest in the 17-year-old forward, who has also been scouted by Barcelona, Real Madrid and Liverpool.  Reports in Brazil claim that Newcastle head of recruitment Steve Nickson travelled to Santos last weekend in a bid to get closer to the player, who is regarded as one of the hottest properties in South American football. Nickson watched Angelo in action in their 2-1 loss against Flamengo. Angelo is the youngest goalscorer in Copa Libertadores history, and already has more than 70 senior appearances to his name. The winger has been compared to Paris St Germain superstar Neymar in the past and is seen as the heir to his throne with the national side. Any deal for the forward, however, would not be able to be completed until January at the earliest under Premier League rules as Angelo doesn't turn 18 until December 21. Globo Esporte reported that Newcastle have made contact with the player's representative, businesswoman Marisa Alija, but that no formal offer has been made yet. Newcastle are understood to be willing to pay around £20million to land the teenage star, who is the third-youngest player to have featured for Santos' first team.  The Toon already have a strong Brazilian contingent at the club, with Joelinton and Bruno Guimaraes forming a strong midfield combination. They have also been linked with a move for Flamengo hotshot Gabriel Barbosa this transfer window. Manager Eddie Howe is keen to add more quality in the final third and the Magpies are weighing up a club-record move for exciting Bayer Leverkusen winger Moussa Diaby after their bid to sign Reims youngster Hugo Ekitike stalled. The Magpies have already signed three players in a blistering start to their summer transfer business, with Matt Targett, Nick Pope and Sven Botman through the door at a combined cost of around £55 million. The spending isn't going to stop there, however, with Howe determined to add firepower to his ranks. Despite missing almost half the season, Callum Wilson finished last season as the club's top goalscorer with just eight Premier League strikes, and Howe knows he needs more output in the final third if he's to push the Magpies on.  Bayer Leverkusen forward Diaby has been extensively scouted by the Toon recruitment team and has emerged as the key target after a £25 million move for Ekitike broke down due to the player's agent's demands. Leverkusen have slapped a £50 million price tag on Diaby's head after the winger starred last season in the Bundesliga with 17 goals and 14 assists in all competitions. Newcastle's record signing is the £40 million they paid another German outfit, Hoffenheim, for Brazilian Joelinton in 2019, and while they are prepared to break that transfer record this summer they would still need Bayer to lower their asking price for the 22-year-old. The Magpies are prepared to be patient in their hunt for attacking reinforcements, and haven't ruled out the possibility of the Ekitike deal being resurrected later in the transfer window, or of revisiting a possible deal for free agent Jesse Lingard after initially baulking at his wage demands. The Saudi owners, Amanda Staveley and new sporting director Dan Ashworth have shown they won't be held to ransom by players, agents or clubs already this summer, holding firm on their chase for Botman despite interest and claims from elsewhere. Newcastle have enquired about Everton's Dominic Calvert-Lewin and are also monitoring Chelsea duo Callum Hudson-Odoi and Armando Broja.