The All Creatures Great and Small series on Channel 5 is known for the amount of animals they have throughout. From dogs, sheep, cows and bulls named Clive, the cast always have their hands full, particularly Nicholas Ralph, who recounted a particular incident he had with their golden retriever after he was taken out by the star. Nicholas plays main character James Herriot and works alongside Siegfried Farnon (played by Samuel West) and Tristan Farnon (Callum Woodhouse) as veterinarians. The three actors are always handling an array of animals in peculiar incidents, which Nicholas was happy to reveal. Speaking at the BFI and Radio Times Film Festival, Nicholas revealed: "Our golden retriever who plays Jess on the show tried to take me out! "I had to run around the back of Skeledale house, there were stone chips everywhere, and with Ernie, he bolts off that way somewhere. READ MORE: James Martin hits back at viewers as he licks fingers during demo "Then the next time he made it round, there was a camera, and he just took my legs from under me and just saw me go down behind the car and then reappear!" Producer Melissa Gallant also touched on the complications that come along with filming animals, especially when they give birth. She explained: "The horse bare, that was complicated. In series one episode, there was the calf bare as well. "The only thing about animals is they are the heart of the show, so animal births are complicated, so we had to have two Jersey cows that looked similar and were both pregnant at the same time and were both going to deliver around the same time. "So that we had calves small enough to film with our schedule, the other thing about cows is that they are herd animals so if you are filming with cows on set, is it has got to have a friend around the corner, or they will just moo and call. "We set up where the animal handlers were living; we had to put blackouts around the barn for the pregnant cows to get them used to cameras and people. "We were being respectful of their needs, and then we had a photographer and a team from a wildlife unit to film the birth, but like all human births, it doesn't always go to plan to film it." She continued: "The first one we had a moo call and the first birth the vet looked and said, 'Oh tomorrow probably' then the team went to get some fish and chips got a call like 'the calf is on it's way' so we almost missed that one. DON'T MISS...All Creatures Great and Small's Rachel Shenton on Helen's new chapter [LATEST]All Creatures Great and Small's Rachel Shenton 'dragging' co-star  [INSIGHT]All Creatures Great and Small star shares hopes for James and Helen [WATCH] "We had another one that was due in the week, and then the animal handlers went round to feed the cows and found an extra one, and the cow had given birth overnight. "You can't do anything to an animal that isn't necessary for it, so even a vet wanting to do something, if there is nothing wrong with it, we can't do it." Callum added to her point about being respectful of the animals and admitted: "The laws had just changed about that before we started. "Our other producer said he wanted the first season of the show to redefine the rules on filming with animals and how we do it, and I certainly believe we have done that." The upcoming series three of the Channel 5 hit is expected to bring more drama than ever before as the residents of Skeldale prepare for another World War. Siegfried and Mrs Hall (Anna Madeley) have already dealt with the first war, but for James, Tristan and Helen Alderson (Rachel Shenton), they have to navigate their new surroundings. Helen and James are set to marry in the third series after teasing viewers through two series on their budding romance. All Creatures Great and Small series 1&2 are available to watch on Channel 5.