Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall marked the 40th anniversary of the Falklands conflict by meeting with veterans and representatives from HMS Queen Elizabeth and HMS Prince of Wales. The royal couple met with veterans from HMS Queen Elizabeth and HMS Prince of Wales at a reception, including the South Atlantic Medal Association, of which The Prince of Wales is patron. Camilla looked very elegant in a navy midi dress with a white and blue floral pattern. The kaftan-style gown featured long sleeves and navy a embroidery around the neck. The Duchess of Cornwall is a fan of kaftans and has been seen wearing the style on many occasions. READ MORE: Meghan Markle's 'signature gesture' is 'misinterpreted' claims expert Camilla combined the dress with a pair of nude pumps by fashion brand Sole Bliss. For jewellery, she donned a gold pendant, a gold bracelet on her left wrist and a pair of pearl drop earrings. The royal styled her hair in her usual blow-dry but opted for a soft glam make-up look. This afternoon, the Royal Highnesses also visited Cockington Court, a centre of creativity that supports local independent artists in Portsmouth.  The historic manor is home to over 20 craft studios, offering a diverse mix of craft specialisms. This is the second time Camilla and Prince Charles are seen undertaking royal engagements today. In the morning, the couple visited the Rowcroft Hospice in Torquay, Devon. The visit was to celebrate the 200th anniversary of The Maritime and Coastguard Agency. READ MORE: Meghan Markle's fashion hack to 'look expensive' - 'she is a fan' For the occasion, Camilla opted for a beautiful green floral dress but decided to change into her more sophisticated kaftan dress for the evening occasion. She combined the midi shirt dress from Cefinn with cream pumps. The official visits this week are part of a three-day trip to Devon and Cornwall. This was the last day of the royals' official tour. Some royal fans took to social media to praise Camilla's style today. Instagram user @theluckt6pence said: "Oh, wonderful!" Another one, @mandyhoare, commented the Duchess looked "lovely".