Solar storms happen when there are explosions of electromagnetic energy on the surface of the Sun. Dr. Tamitha Skov, a space weather physicist, tweeted: "Confirmed! We're already seeing aurora in Alberta, Canada during this building solar storm. The magnetic field orientation inside the storm is a bit chaotic thus far so expect sporadic brightenings of aurora over the next 24 hours. G1-level (Kp 5) possible." Just minutes later, the expert followed up with a second tweet, which read: "Confirmed! Magenta and gold aurora grace the skies over Pierre, South Dakota, USA tonight as this ongoing solar storm builds." On Saturday, Dr Skov said there was a "snake-like filament launched as a big #solarstorm while in the Earth-strike zone". She added that NASA had predicted impact for early today. It had also been predicted that amateur and GPS users would suffer from "signal disruptions on Earth's nightside".  Dr Skov tweeted on Saturday: "Direct Hit! A snake-like filament launched as a big #solarstorm while in the Earth-strike zone. "NASA predicts impact early July 19. "Strong aurora shows possible with this one, deep into mid-latitudes. "Amateur radio & GPS users expect signal disruptions on Earth's nightside." READ MORE: Heat pumps: Experts reveal the one thing you should NEVER do Solar storms can have wide-ranging impacts, from increased visibility of auroras, to certain frequencies of radio communication being temporarily disrupted. But in a new study presented at the National Astronomy Meeting (NAM 2022) earlier this month, researchers warned railway signal failures may be linked to space weather events like solar storms. Cameron Patterson of Lancaster University believes such space weather events can induce electrical currents that interfere with the normal operation of signalling systems. This could potentially turn green signals red when there is no train nearby. DON'T MISSApollo 11: Aldrin, Collins and Armstrong's defiant message to NASA [REPORT]James Webb telescope a ’paradigm shift’ in hunt for Earth-like planets [OPINION]Perseid meteor shower: Where to look for spectacle [EXPLAINED] He explained: “Most of us have at one point heard the dreaded words: ‘your train is delayed due to a signalling failure’. “While we usually connect these faults to rain, snow and leaves on the line, you may not have considered that the Sun can also cause railway signals to malfunction.” There have been growing fears that solar storm may cause horrific accidents on the train lines with the interference with electrical signals causing red lights to turn green. But Mr Patterson insisted this would be an extreme outcome, and said: “We are now working on looking at the case where trains are present on the line, and how strong a storm needs to be to turn a red signal back to green.” This, he added, is “a far more hazardous scenario potentially leading to crashes!”  