Peppers are a salad item that tends to go wrinkly and then mushy, quite quickly. For anyone looking to preserve their bell peppers, here is a handy storage hack that can see them remain firm and fresh for five weeks or more. Mike from Kitchen Tips Online shared a useful video about the best ways to store bell peppers in the fridge so they don’t end up “squishy and useless by the time you get round to using them”. He explained: “Believe it or not, how long your bell peppers last at home depends on how you buy them at the supermarket. “You should always pick fresh produce from the back of the pile.” This is because most people will pick from the front and the fruit and veg staff will stock the newest peppers at the back to ensure stock rotation so there is less wastage. READ MORE: Keep bread fresh for 3 weeks with simple food storage hack Or in some cases, look underneath the top crate for a pack with a longer use-by date. If you buy peppers in a plastic bag, remove them from the bag when you get home. “If you’re one of those that likes to wash bell peppers when they get home before putting them in the fridge, you should stop. “Moisture on the outside of the pepper causes it to deteriorate quicker,” he added. As for where peppers should be kept in the fridge, they need to be in a dry place like the crisper drawer. Mike, however, suggested placing the peppers in a container. DON'T MISS...Michael Mosley’s clever hack ‘to prevent cravings’ & stop snacking [EXPERT]Greene King offering free pints if you have a certain surname [NEWS]Beauty expert’s ‘go-to product’ to knock 10yrs off -no botox or filler [COMMENT] He explained why this storage hack works well: “We put these peppers in this container about five weeks ago.” The kitchen expert then picked up a pepper, and using the side of a knife, tapped it to demonstrate how firm the vegetable was. As for the type of plastic container Mike used, he specifically chose the OXO Good Grips Greensaver Produce Keeper. Inside the tub is a basket where the produce sits, and in the lid is a carbon filter which absorbs ethylene gas. The elevated basket improves airflow, and the filter slows the rotting process. READ MORE: Keep onions edible for 6 months with clever storage hack Several people revealed whether the storage hack worked for them. Someone with the username cosmic bird explained: “I placed 2 bell peppers in my plastic salad spinner with the basket three weeks ago. I put the lid on it, and put it on the shelf in my fridge. I took the lid off every few days to let any gases escape. “After three weeks, the yellow bell pepper was in perfect condition. The red bell pepper developed little dents on it, but no mould. Thanks for inspiring my new method, Mike. No more plastic bags ever for my peppers.” Roxann added: “You have literally saved me so much time with this hack!” Kalla said: “That is a great tip!” As for whether you can prolong the life of a pepper by freezing it, the results aren’t great. Before putting a pepper into the freezer, it is best to chop it into slices or chunks. Add it to a ziplock bag or airtight container and label it. Be warned, most peppers that come from the freezer and defrost tend to end up mushy. This is because of the high water content of the vegetable.