The Hollywood A-lister first starred as the bumbling singleton in the romantic comedy film franchise back in 2001, where she had to gain a whopping 30lb (2.1st) for the role. She had been reportedly asked to "not count the calories" that she was consuming daily in order to gain weight for the role. She would eat high-fat, high-carb foods such as burgers, pizza, chocolate, milkshakes and french toast in order to reach the required target. It was estimated by some publications that she was consuming 4,000 calories per day. But in the 2016 third and final film Bridget Jones' Baby, her character had shrunk considerably. But how did she do it? READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake The American actress revealed why the characters weight fluctuated, referencing Jones’ complicated relationship with her body. She told TODAY at the time: “I never thought she [Jones] had a weight issue, I thought that was just something that like all of us, we think, ‘Oh I’d love to change this thing about myself’. "When in fact, nobody else notices it, but you. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] "It’s that thing about ruminating and self-criticism and all of that." But once filming was done and dusted, the actress quickly shed the excess weight, returning to her "size zero figure in a matter of months". Her quick drop landed her a spot on People magazine's list of the 50 Most Beautiful People the same year. It was reported that she followed a strict macrobiotic diet of lean fish, rice, and vegetables to drop the weight quickly. READ MORE: Michael Mosley weight loss: Remove three foods to stay slim She has also been known to experiment with The Zone, Hamptons and Atkins Diets. The Zone method allows people to eat three meals and two snacks per day, each a mix of low-fat protein, such as skinless chicken, turkey, or fish. It also includes carbs, which are mostly fruits and veggies, and a small amount of good fats, like olive oil, almonds and avocado. According to Healthline, the Zone Diet instructs its followers to "stick to eating a specific ratio of 40 percent carbs, 30 percent protein and 30 percent fat". She dropped two dress sizes by watching her portion sizes and taking part in regular aerobic exercise, and the actress revealed the importance of fitness in her regime. Renée said: “Wherever I move, or wherever I’m stationed, or whatever phase of life I’m in, the gym is my common denominator. "I move to LA? I find my gym. I get to Santa Fe? I find my gym. In New York? Found my gym," she told the MailOnline. In October 2008, the actress told SELF magazine that she goes to the gym six days a week to do cardiovascular workouts. The following year, she explained that running is "the biggest outlet" in her life: "It's my solitude, and I need it," she said.