Leeds have confirmed that star winger Raphinha will not travel to Australia with the rest of the squad for this summer’s tour Down Under as speculation around his future intensifies. The 25-year-old is at the centre of a transfer battle between Chelsea and Barcelona, with both sides desperate to get their hands on the ace.  The Leeds squad returned for pre-season training at the end of last month after securing their place in the Premier League on the final day of last season. And after thrashing Blackpool 4-0 in a friendly on Thursday evening, the Whites are set to face Brisbane Roar, Aston Villa and Crystal Palace in Australia later this month. On Friday, reports circulated which stated Raphinha had asked Leeds chiefs for permission to miss the tour Down Under in the hope of finalising a move away from Elland Road. And the attacker has got his wish. Leeds announced their 26-man squad for the trip to the other side of the world on Saturday afternoon. But Raphinha was a glaring omission as the Yorkshire club confirmed that players not travelling to Australia will continue pre-season preparations at Thorp Arch. READ MORE: Everton boss Frank Lampard eyes two signings and 'keen' to sign star    Raphinha joined Leeds from Rennes in October 2020 after the Premier League giants shelled out an initial £17million to prise him away from France. And he has since become a man in demand after illustrating his prodigious talents over the last two years. The tricky winger bagged six goals and nine assists in the Premier League during his maiden campaign in England before adding another 11 top-flight goals and three assists last time around. Chelsea have already had a £60m offer for Raphinha accepted by Leeds. But Barca have now matched the bid, although they may need to pay in instalments due to their precarious financial position. Raphinha is apparently holding out for a move to the Nou Camp so, if Leeds are willing to work with Barcelona to get a deal over the line, the Brazil international could soon be heading to Spain. DON'T MISS Hakim Ziyech releases statement which could affect Chelsea future Juventus set 'minimum price' for De Ligt as Chelsea and Bayern circle Ronaldo's unveiling in new Man Utd kit sheds further light on future   Leeds boss Jesse Marsch will be keen to avoid any distractions over the next month as he prepares his side for their third Premier League season since their promotion from the Championship in 2020. And the American was keen to address Raphinha’s future ahead of his side’s tour. “There's urgency from his end, I think, to come up with a solution,” Marsch admitted. “We have to in the next couple of days see how things stand and see how we go. It hasn't been an easy time for him this summer.”