Aston Villa star John McGinn has sparked a frenzy among Leeds United fans as his tackle sent teenager Archie Gray to hospital in a pre-season friendly on Sunday. Villa boss Steven Gerrard had to address the incident after a fiery clash in Australia which, according to many onlookers, was allowed to run wild by officials. Villa came away with the pre-season victory early on Sunday morning thanks to a second-half penalty from Danny Ings. Philippe Coutinho could have widened the margin from the spot, but Illan Meslier saved well as it finished 1-0 at Brisbane's Suncorp Stadium. The clash was marred by a late challenge from McGinn that reduced 16-year-old Gray to tears and saw him leave the pitch on a stretcher. After the game, Gerrard said: "We wish the young kid very well. John's got the ball but unfortunately he's been unlucky in the follow through. There was one just before by the same boy on [Emi] Buendia and my heart was in my own mouth." Leeds fans were markedly less understanding than Gerrard, branding the challenge 'disgusting' on social media as they await news on the extent of Gray's injury. JUST IN: Chelsea star Reece James scores outrageous own goal after mix-up with third choice keeper "To do that, on a 16-year-old kid, in a pre-season ‘friendly’ is absolutely, utterly disgusting," vented @marshyleeds. "No doubt John McGinn will deny it but that was intentional and there needs to be consequences for him. Really hope that’s not a serious one for Archie Gray but it doesn’t look good. "Expect at the absolute least an apology from Steven Gerrard to start… And I won’t say what I really think of McGinn but I hope he feels good about himself hospitalising a teenager." READ MORE...Oleksandr Zinchenko to join Arsenal for same two reasons as JesusMan City respond to claims Barcelona have 'agreed £68m deal' for SilvaArsenal may be about to spend another £77m as Gunners 'optimistic'  Meanwhile, @FocusOnLeeds added: "I really hope our players don’t forget that awful challenge by John McGinn on Archie Gray. I want him kicked from [pillar] to post in the league games next season." There was already bad blood between Villa and the Whites after a sequence of fiery clashes in recent years. Chaotic scenes took hold in a Championship match three years ago, in which Leeds caught Villa flat-footed by scoring while striker Jonathan Kodjia was down injured, only for manager Marcelo Bielsa to sportingly demand that his players allow the West Midlands outfit to equalise. Villa star Anwar El Ghazi was sent off in the same game for an elbow on Patrick Bamford as tempers flared.  After Leeds' narrow defeat on Sunday, manager Jesse Marsch provided fans with an update on Gray's situation. "We’re hopeful it’s not too bad," he said. "He was in some pain initially when they assessed it after the match. They’re hopeful nothing’s broken and it’s just an ankle sprain. We’ll see exactly the severity of it in the next couple of days, but hopefully not too bad."