Lando Norris poked fun at Lewis Hamilton, claiming he could beat the Mercedes star’s record and become an eight-time world champion after overtaking him in the British Grand Prix. Norris had a better start than Hamilton and got past the seven-time champion to move up to fourth at the start.  He passed the Mercedes driver on the outside of the right hander at Luffield, closing in on both Red Bull’s and Ferrari’s battling in front. Watching the fight back, Norris said: “Look at this beautiful. Oh my God, I should be the eight times world champion. “It was a lot of fun. It’s a cool track to be able to do these kind of things.” Jenson Button responded: “I think Lewis learned from that because he did the same thing with Charles [Leclerc] later on in the race." Norris added: “He did I was watching. I was like ‘oh he’s copying me’. Damon Hill then asked Norris whether he was worried the two would make contact. But, the Briton simply responded: “Yeah but you’ve got to have faith in the people you know. That’s what you really enjoy about racing is when you've got faith with these people who respect you. READ MORE:  Hamilton takes thinly-veiled swipe at Verstappen after British GP  “They know the size of their car and you can go wheel-to-wheel.” However, Hamilton eventually found pace and got past Norris with the help of DRS down the Wellington Straight several laps later. There was a chance for Norris to move higher up the field after the late safety car. The McLaren star and Fernando Alonso momentarily made the fight for second a five-way battle but the pair were unable to match the pace of Sergio Perez and Hamilton. However, the result ensured Norris scored eight critical points, moving the team past Alpha Tauri in the team’s standings. Pierre Gasly retired from the race after his involvement in an opening lap accident while Tsunoda crossed the line in 14th, the last of the finishers. DON'T MISSCharles Leclerc freaks out as Ferrari loses podium place to Hamilton [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton fires warning to Mercedes after thrilling British GP [COMMENT]Verstappen livid over team radio as Lewis Hamilton leads British GP [PICS] Norris’ teammate Ricciardo was unable to capitalise and finished down in 13th. Team principal Zak Brown appeared to be thrilled with Norris' result, tweeting that he had secured "valuable points". He said: "Great drive from Lando who secured valuable points in P6. Tough race for Daniel finishing in P13. Special shout out to all the McLaren fans who displayed amazing support at the British GP."