Cleaning enthusiasts and fans of cleaning influencer Mrs Hinch have shared their simple £1 talc hack for deterring ants from entering homes. Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, has more than 4.5 million followers on social media. Her fans have taken to social media in recent years to share their own cleaning tips and tricks on groups. On one such group, Facebook user Danielle Louise Bici asked fellow cleaning enthusiasts: “Help! What’s best to repel ants? “But safe for a home with a cat and children. Thank you.” The post was inundated with more than 50 comments from social media users. The most popular response was to use talcum powder. Terri Shau said: “Talcum powder - they won't cross it. “I put it around the front of my house they never get in.” READ MORE: How to get rid of ants: 'Cheapest and easiest way' Soosie Freeman commented on the post: “Talc works a treat!” Judith Penrose agreed and wrote: “Definitely talc, they don’t like to walk on it.” Ally Sillett said: “I used talc and it was really effective.” Karen Davis suggested: “I say the same as above, talc powder and then ant bait. “I usually put the ant bait down before the end of April. Then new talc once a week.” DON'T MISSShould you open your loft hatch during hot weather? [INSIGHT]Meghan Markle fills Montecito home with 'neutral tones' for key reason [UPDATE]house prices increase uk areas property value boost full list [ANALYSIS] Sandy Richards said “talcum powder works for me”, while Paula Southall claimed she puts “talcum powder down”. Talcum powder is relatively affordable and can be found in most supermarkets and shops. ASDA Little Angels Baby Powder costs just £1. Johnson's Baby Powder costs £1.50 from Sainsbury’s. Medipure Medicated Body Powder is £1 in Savers. Sensitive Talc can be found in Waitrose for £1.25. Other popular solutions for ant problems included using cinnamon, baking soda, white vinegar, cornflour and Nipon. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Tracy Mothersdale simply wrote on the post: “Cinnamon powder.” Sharon Hulme replied: “Bicarbonate of soda and sweetener mixed on a lid to a paste, sweetener attracts them and bicarbonate of soda destroys them.” Jean Bell said: “White vinegar and water in a spray bottle. “Bicarbonate of soda is also good the ants tread on it and take it back to the nest. “You have to kill the Queen otherwise they’ll keep coming.”  Kristen Wynter replied: “Sprinkle cornflour. They’ll be gone in an hour.” Mandy Drozd said: “You can get Nipon syrup in a tube. You put a blob down away from pets and children. “They take it back to the nest and it kills them all in the nest. I have three dogs and it’s always been safe.” Val Rowlands wrote: “Dilute white vinegar with water, the smell does go after a few hours, spray all over the area affected.”