Many Manchester City fans were left impressed that Pep Guardiola was able to sign Erling Haaland for just £51million, given his reputation as one of the world's best strikers. But the sale of Raheem Sterling to Chelsea means that the Spaniard has now pulled off two other deals that are even more impressive than the signing of Haaland. Sterling becomes the second big-name star to depart the Etihad Stadium for one of City's Premier League rivals this summer. Gabriel Jesus was the first, with the Brazilian moving to Arsenal in a deal worth £45m to City. That move itself was a masterstroke, given Jesus was potentially set to fall to third place in the striker pecking order at City. He would have certainly been behind Haaland, with Julian Alavarez becoming the Norwegian's primary back-up. City paid only £27m to sign Jesus from Palmeiras in the summer of 2017, with the £18m profit they have made on a player with just a year remaining on his contract an impressive negotiation. The deal that will see Sterling move to Stamford Bridge is also an incredibly good move on City's part. READ MORE: Pep Guardiola hoping he has secret weapon to thwart Liverpool's plans The Englishman has been dropping further in Guardiola's plans, given the performances of Riyad Mahrez, Phil Foden and Jack Grealish. He was also entering the final year of his deal in Manchester, with a new contract unlikely to be agreed. Instead, City have managed to bring in a fee of £45m for the winger, according to The Mirror. Though it is a loss of £4m on the fee they paid Liverpool for him in 2015, it is still an impressive move from City's transfer chiefs. DON'T MISS: Barcelona 'want Man City signing' before selling Man Utd De Jong (NEWS)Liverpool and Real Madrid played role in Man City's £42m Phillips move (TRANSFERS)Jesus ready for 'new dream' at Arsenal as star posts farewell message (INSIGHT) It means they have brought in £90m for two players who could be considered as having bit-part roles in the upcoming campaign. Though it may be strange to hail City for agreeing to sell two previously star players, they certainly deserve praise for their negotiations. While both Jesus and Sterling have scored key goals in City's many trophy wins since they joined the club, they no longer commanded first-choice starting roles under Guardiola. It is for that reason then, that the fact they can bring in nearly £100m for the duo marks more impressive business than the signing of Haaland.