Waz, 30, from Gants Hill was made redundant during the COVID-19 pandemic and came across the app Airtasker UK as he researched the different ways that he could make a bit of extra cash. Airtasker is an app which allows people to outsource their everyday tasks such as furniture assembly, CV writing, graphic design, gardening and decorating. People publish their task and the app’s community members then bid on it with the winning bid getting the job, He said: “Being made redundant forced me out of regular work and I had a lot of time on my hands. I wanted to make some money and I really didn’t want to get into Cryptocurrency, I wanted something that could be more immediate.  “Alongside applying for jobs, I just kinda came across it and signed up. I suppose I took a risk, to just see how it went and I’ve never turned back.” At first, Waz took on a cleaning job for an Airbnb host which consisted of going to the properties, changing the bed sheets, cleaning and hoovering, essentially just “sprucing it up”. He said: “This was a simple and easy enough job that I could do without really having any experience and stuff. "While I was doing this I would get asked to fix this and repair that which helped me get a bit of experience using basic tools so I started looking for other jobs which I could use these skills.” Waz then started building bedside cabinets and desks and eventually began to construct bigger projects like bed frames and wardrobes. His biggest task to date was a five-meter-long fitted wardrobe.  READ MORE: State pensioners may be able to increase sum by up to £14.75 weekly He said: “This wardrobe had the works, you know, with sliding doors, pull-out railings, lights, drawers, it was a lot of work. Some of these tasks you can’t actually do on your own so for this one I had to bring my wife with me to help.” For the nine months when Waz was unemployed, he continued to take on more and more jobs. At one point it was his primary source of income with the pay for each task ranging from £40 to sometimes over £100. In one month, Waz was able to make over £1000 through these odd jobs. He said: “I would set myself a maximum of two tasks a day, you wouldn’t want to risk doing any more than two, because you never know what is going to happen and you don’t want to turn up late to another job. “I was travelling around London so I always planned how long it would take me to get to each place so I could give myself enough time between jobs.” Waz explained that as he took on more tasks he did have to invest in the work he was doing to make the jobs easier and quicker for him so he bought himself an electric drill and screwdriver.   He said: “It makes life a lot easier when you've got the right tools for the job and it gives a good impression if you arrive with a big bag of tools. “You look presentable and to me, it gave me a little bit more confidence in myself cos it looked like I knew what I was doing and I think that I subconsciously gave out that confidence so people trusted me.” Waz explained that customers on the app ranged from single parents to disabled people to “insanely rich people” who work a lot and did not have the spare time to build their furniture. He said: “Everyone I meet is always really friendly, they either leave me alone to get on with the job or they sit and talk to me asking me questions about how I got into this and such. I’ve always had great experiences with everyone ive done work for and that's nice.” Wax explained how the work he got through Airtasker was a “lifesaver” during the Pandemic months and that the app gave him “some security” when he needed it the most. READ MORE: ‘Game over!’ Woman, 42, watches as hackers steal £10,000 in attack   He said: “To be honest, without this side gig, I would have been very bored and very poor during lockdown! It also gave me the opportunity to help others.” Customers of the app can rate and leave reviews of the taskers who come and help them and Waz proudly shared he had received over 250 five-star reviews. He said: “I’m proud of the work I do and I enjoy doing it! I really like building stuff and putting it together. I love going to the job, meeting new people and, building something up. I often look at it and I just think it's so cool that I have made it.” Waz now has full-time employment but often schedules tasks for the weekends to help top up his finances.  He said: “I made a good decision a few years ago by doing Airtasker jobs, I could’ve been in such a worse situation financially, it’s not even worth thinking about, but my good decision is paying off.” Waz urged others who could take it on to “100 percent give it a go”. He said: “If people have the time and the energy to take on some extra work, definitely. I balance it now alongside my full-time work and I take on one task at the weekend. “It’s all about managing your free time, and really the more time you spend working the less time you have to spend your money. I honestly cannot recommend this enough.” 