Ben Woods was holidaying in Paphos, on the southwest coast of the Mediterranean island, when he was reportedly found unconscious in a swimming pool at the King Evelthon Hotel on June 5. The 21-year-old from Leigh, Greater Manchester, was rushed to hospital, but died a short time later. Following the amateur Rugby league player's death, "devastated" friends and family have paid tribute to the keen sportsman, describing him as an "absolute legend" and their "hero". His grief-stricken brother, Josh Woods, said he wished he was just experiencing a "nightmare". He wrote on twitter: "The best person ever my brother my best friend and my hero I love you so much and just want this be a nightmare. Fly high up there Ben RIP." Friend Ethan Hill said: "I couldn’t say a bad word about the lad, one of the best lads I’ve ever known and an amazing family who deserve the world. "A lot of us are devastated and don’t know what to do or think, one of the worst things to happen to one of the most amazing lads." Another friend wrote on Facebook : "Ben Woods you will be a massive hole in everyone’s hearts. "Coming out of lockdown you spent so much time here with all the lads. Always in the centre of making everyone smile, laugh, dance & have a great time. "Sending all our love & thoughts to the Woods family & Eastleigh lads….the massive circle of friends you had. Fly high Ben." Another said: "Rest in peace Ben Woods Absolute legend. Always made time for anyone and made them giggle! "Will miss our catch ups weekly and all your song requests. Very sadly missed. Gutted". Ben's rugby club, Leigh East, also paid tribute to the young man, who they described as always having a "cheeky smile". A spokesperson said: "It is with the greatest sadness we have to announce the passing of Ben Woods, one of our young Open Age players, after an accident on holiday with his family. "Ben had played at Leigh East from a very young age and had progressed through the age groups to become a valuable member of our club. "Ben was always there with a cheeky smile and will be sorely missed. "Our thoughts and condolences go out to Mick, Mel and Josh, his family and friends at this saddest of times. "RIP young man, you will never be forgotten." 