Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk is Hannah Gaboardi, trichologist and Viviscal brand ambassador, who advised men to "take action as soon as possible". One of the "earliest warning signs includes hair thinning around the temple", Gaboardi stated. She added that male pattern baldness also leads to hair thinning at the front of the scalp and at the back of the head (i.e. the crown). Moreover, people who have developed male pattern baldness are likely to experience a receding hair line, a widening parting, and thinning across the top of the whole head. "Male pattern baldness can be experienced gradually," said Gaboardi. "It differs between each individual, but some men can begin to experience a slow process of hair thinning and baldness from their early 20’s." Instead of enabling time to take away your strands of hair, instantaneous and consistent action could help you to maintain more hair in the long term. "Hair loss at the crown can be treated to stop the thinning from becoming worse," Gaboardi assured. READ MORE: Cause of pain in hands and fingers that isn't arthritis - ‘see a GP' "There are also ways in which you can stimulate hair growth but also strengthen the existing hair follicles." Gaboardi recommends the Viviscal Hair Health Programme for Men supplements. "The supplements include essential hair vitamins such as zinc to contribute to healthy hair," Gaboardi explained. Moreover, the supplements contain a "key" ingredient – AminoMar C™ – that is a "rich marine protein complex required for the growth and repair of hair cells". Any man experiencing hair loss, no matter how gradual, is encouraged by Gaboardi to "seek out professional advise" via a doctor or trichologist. "Go on a highly researched and well-known supplement like Viviscal Pro which has over 25 years of clinical studies and fantastic results," she recommended. "Also make sure your stress levels are as low as possible during your hair recovery. "And eat fatty fish, spinach, sweet potato, salmon, oysters, and carrots, which are hair-friendly foods." Gaboardi also suggests regularly massaging the scalp to help stimulate blood flow. In terms of supplementation, Gaboardi added that many of her clients are usually lacking in zinc, biotin, iron and collagen when they first come to see her. All these nutrients are "very important for hair growth", which can be gained by supplementation. "Using the right products for your hair type in order to avoid build-up and greasy hair is also something to keep in mind," she added. "As using the wrong product can block the hair follicles and trigger hair loss." People should be able to get all the nutrients they need if they adhere to a healthy and well-balanced diet. However, when it comes to everyday life, it may be more difficult to follow a nutritious diet. Trichologist Hannah Gaboardi is a brand ambassador for Viviscal.