Leeds United have announced the arrival of Colombian trickster Luis Sinisterra as Raphinha's departure edges closer. Transfer chief Victor Orta has already masterminded six new arrivals this summer, but the Whites are still believed to be pushing for Club Brugge striker Charles de Ketelaere to cap off what would be a tremendous window. Orta has wasted no time investing the cash that Leeds received for Kalvin Phillips, who joined Manchester City in a £42million deal. And more money is set to come Leeds' way once Raphinha moves on, with Chelsea, Arsenal and Barcelona all involved in a £55m transfer tussle. The Whites may now be counting on receiving that cash for the Brazilian, with their summer spend now creeping up towards the £100m mark. Deals for Darko Gyabi, Marc Roca, Rasmus Kristensen, Tyler Adams and Brenden Aaronson look to have given boss Jesse Marsch a well-rounded squad to work with next campaign, and they have since been joined by Sinisterra. The 23-year-old bagged 23 goals for Feyenoord in all competitions last season, and he supposedly arrives at Elland Road for an initial £21.5m. JUST IN: Chelsea 'table two players to Barcelona' to hijack Man Utd's Frenkie de Jong transfer But Orta could seal the crown jewel of Leeds' window by hauling a deal for De Ketelaere over the line. The Whites face stiff competition for the Belgian striker, with AC Milan also believed to be pushing hard for his signature. Leeds have reportedly made a £30m offer to Club Brugge, and RTL claim that the Belgian side have not rejected it. Instead, they have kept it to one side as they wait to see if Milan match the financial aspects of their approach. READ MORE: Chelsea target Koulibaly opens door to deal amid De Ligt frustrations Indeed, Leeds are thought to have blown Milan out of the water with their latest offer, but De Ketelaere seemingly favours a switch to the San Siro. Marsch is in need of added depth up front, with Patrick Bamford succumbing to injury for the vast majority of last season which left them extremely thin on the ground. De Ketelaere has been on the radars of top teams for some time, but his output increased dramatically last campaign as he netted 18 goals in all competitions. The 6ft 3in 21-year-old is already a fixture in the Belgian national set-up, where he competes with the likes of Romelu Lukaku for the spot up top.  So many new faces should spark excitement among Leeds fans, despite losing fan-favourite Phillips earlier in the window and Raphinha threatening to follow suit. The former did at least leave a heart-warming parting message before fleeing to City, where he will hope to build a formidable trophy cabinet under Pep Guardiola. "I would like to express how much of a privilege it has been to play for this amazing club," it read. "Since making my debut at 17 it has been a journey any Leeds lad could wish for. When I was young, I went to see my first ever game at Elland Road and from that moment I knew that my dream was to put on that white shirt and walk out on that pitch. "I’d like to thank everyone involved at the club for making Leeds one of the best clubs on earth."