Mr Bower discussed getting factual stories about Meghan Markle for his new book with Good Morning Britain hosts Ben Shephard and Charlotte Hawkins. The royal author explained that 80 people had given him personal stories about time spent with the Duchess. Mr Bower went on to discuss spending two days in Mexico meeting Thomas Markle, the Duchess of Sussex's father, in order to find out more about her parents' relationship. The royal author described the Duchess as "intelligent, determined and ruthless." Ms Hawkins said: "What were the revelations that for you, sort of stood out the most because obviously, you know you approached this, there are going to be bits you know about bits you want to dig into, was there a particular part of it that you thought actually I wasn't expecting that?" Mr Bower added: "Well there was a whole story about her attitude to people she works with, especially in a photoshoot about Marks and Spencer's chain store in Canada, where the experience of all 80 crew was just horrendous. "And there was an agent who told... Two agents who told horrible stories about her bullying and her oppression, that was really quite a revelation. "Her father finally opened up quite a lot about the relationship between him and her mother." READ MORE: BBC forced to apologise to William and Harry's former royal nanny Mr Shephard said: "Did you speak to him directly?" Mr Bower said: "I went to Mexico for two days, and it was fascinating, I know of people in Hollywood who just speak, and told very interesting stories about suits for example. How she became Rachel Zane, and Rachel Zane became her, and in Toronto how she built up her profile, that was pretty impressive. "But, overall I came across with the impression of a woman who was very intelligent, very determined, very ambitious... But also ruthless. And in the end in her terms successful..." Mr Bower continued: "Normally from people who don't like Meghan Markle, because she made it pretty clear to all her friends the people that work for her... Not to talk to me. "So it was quite an uphill struggle, well I found enough people, more than enough nearly 80 people to talk."  Mr Shephard added: "But if we know that they don't like her, why are they going to be offering an unbiased account of their experience?" Mr Bower said: "I understand because I sifted through, I don't put in stuff which isn't true and can't be checked. And also I had some admiration for Meghan, she's succeeded quite well in her life and ambitions, so I was able to balance it all." Ms Markle has a love-hate relationship with many members of the British public, as some see her and Prince Harry's decision as a betrayal to the Monarchy as a whole. Journalist Sam Kashner slammed Mr Bower's new book, alleging the author had failed to encapsulate his "admiration" for the Duchess of Sussex after discussing working with her on behalf of Vanity Fair. DON’T MISS: 'Disturbing' footage shows boys suspected of mutilating ducks found with heads ripped off[INSIGHT]'Not doing anything to help workers!’ Royal Mail threaten UK with summer of chaos over pay [REVEAL]Brexit trade victory! UK strikes new US deal with major state TODAY in £200bn turbo boost [SPOTLIGHT]  In a letter to The Times Editor, Mr Kashner said: “Sir, I’m afraid Tom Bower didn’t convey my admiration and respect for Meghan Markle in the excerpt from his new book in The Times on Saturday (“Writer ‘felt manipulated’ by Meghan). I found Ms Markle to be exceptionally warm and gracious and admired her intelligence and her remarkable courage, as I still do.” He continued: “I regretted the oft-published account of challenging Proctor & Gamble being edited out of my Vanity Fair article, because I’d wanted to highlight her lifelong activism. The piece itself was quite laudatory.” Mr Kashner added: “One more thing. I do not have a stutter. I may hem and haw a bit but a stammer is not a stutter and, as far as I know, Ms Markle never said she liked me because of it! “A belated congratulations to Prince Harry for taking such an extraordinary woman as his bride. Theirs is clearly a love match, so maybe we should stop piling on and let the couple live their life in peace.” 