The more time you spend playing fire, the more likely you are to get burned. And while it may well be less than one whole year since the Manchester United diced with danger by sealing a sentimental return for the incendiary Cristiano Ronaldo, the Red Devils are feeling the heat having failed to heed the warning signs offered up by former Italy striker Antonio Cassano.  Having clinched a ninth successive Serie A title in 2020 to continue their domestic domination, Juventus suddenly saw their 'Kings of Italy' tag go up in smoke. Ronaldo had been the hero having helped the Bianconeri to back-to-back Scudetto titles during a two-year honeymoon period, before the situation in Turin took a turn for the worse. The Portuguese superstar failed to elevate Juventus to emperors of Europe as the Champions League crown continued to elude the Italian giants, while the club's standards in their homeland began to slip. Boasting sturdy and durable foundations in the form of Giorgio Chiellini, Leonardo Bonucci and Gianluigi Buffon, to name but three, the Old Lady suddenly found the walls were beginning to cave in. The reason for the club's unexpected demise? Ronaldo - according to Cassano, anyway. The ex-Italy striker didn't hold back as he slated the five-time Ballon d'Or winner on countless occasions for the combustible impact he was having on Juventus. READ MORE: Chelsea's terrifying XI with Neymar, Cristiano Ronaldo and four more new signings  In early 2021, the former Real Madrid forward essentially branded Ronaldo a burden, not a blessing, as was first thought. As coaches came and went, evidently accused of being the problem, Cassano himself saw matters differently. In his view, the common denominator was the club's No.7 - a "problem" player who "only thinks about records" and "blocks" managers from implementing their own systems and styles. In hindsight, Cassano's Ronaldo rant carried ample warnings to United, the club who would take him off Juventus' hands later that same year. With the Red Devils currently battling the blaze that has arrived as a result of the player's bombshell request to jump ship, the former Roma striker's words are ringing more true than ever before. "You can't have a coach who wants to play football with Cristiano Ronaldo. He's a brake on Pirlo," Cassano claimed on Bobo TV, as per the Mirror. "Cristiano only thinks about his goals and records. If you're president and you want to start a new cycle, you cannot give a rookie coach the responsibility of coaching someone like Ronaldo. DON'T MISSArsenal's transfer window in danger of collapsing with three deals now in major doubtLeeds 'submit transfer request' for former Arsenal target amid Raphinha uncertaintyTottenham told £34m target won't be seventh signing as Conte given transfer deadline  "Juventus got rid of a coach [Massimiliano Allegri] who, in the last 20 or 30 years, has produced the best football in Italy and his big problem was one: Cristiano Ronaldo. It was for [Maurizio] Sarri and it is for Pirlo. "Juve already got burned last year, because Sarri was unable to find the right chemistry with him and some other players and what do you do? You take another coach who would like to play football and you still have Cristiano Ronaldo as a blocker for that. If you have chosen the path of [playing a certain type of] football, Ronaldo is not good."  United have indeed chosen the path of a certain type of football in appointing Erik ten Hag - an ambitious upstart keen to returning the club to their glory days of yesteryear by achieving an attractive style. Unfortunately for the Dutchman, one of his first tasks will now be fanning the flames created by Ronaldo, who once again appears determined to cause destruction. While it isn't Ten Hag's fault, United were warned of the effect Ronaldo can have, but opted to ignore such advice. This summer was supposed to spark the start of something new, of a Ten Hag tenure intent on enabling the fallen giant that is United to rise from the ashes. Instead, it's seen the club scorched by one of their heroes. Cassano's claims appear eerily accurate. 