Golf legend Tiger Woods is set to play in The Open Championship for potentially the last time in his storied career, having previously won the major three times in 2000, 2005 and 2006. After a year away from the sport following a serious car crash in February last year, Woods returned to action at The Masters, making the cut and finishing 47th. He then competed at the PGA Championship, but was forced to withdraw citing 'soreness'. As a result, Woods decided to skip U.S. Open, stating there was "no way physically" he would have been able to compete. However, the 46-year-old will be back in action at St Andrews, having called the course his 'favourite in the world'. "I am looking forward to St. Andrews, that is near and dear to my heart and I've won two Opens there," Woods said. "It's the home of golf, it's my favourite course in the world." And ahead of his eagerly-anticipated appearance, Express Sport has taken a look at when Tiger will be in action, and what to expect from the iconic Old Course at St Andrews. JUST IN: Woods' Open playing partner's dream comes true as old post resurfaces Woods has been paired with U.S. Open champion Matt Fitzpatrick and world number 19 Max Homa. The trio will get underway in the opening round on Thursday at 2.59pm BST. They will then tee off at 9.58am BST on Friday. And it is a dream come true for Homa to be playing alongside Woods, with the 31-year-old tweeting: "I'm playing with Tiger Woods at the 150th Open Championship at St Andrews. "Hey golf gods, we're even. Can't believe this is real and ya it's corny but who cares I'm playing with the freakin [GOAT]" DON'T MISS'If it ends here' Tiger Woods raises retirement fears at The OpenTiger Woods breaks silence on Greg Noman ban at The OpenRory McIlroy makes Tiger Woods prediction ahead of The Open The Open will be broadcast live on Sky Sports Main Event and Sky Sports Golf, with coverage set to begin at 6.30am BST. Fans can also stream the action live via the Sky Go app. Non-Sky subscribers can also purchase a NowTV subscription which will allow them to watch the Open. BBC Two will also air highlights from St Andrews from 9pm BST. St Andrews is an iconic golf course, established back in 1552, with the Swilcan Bridge, the Valley of Sin and the double greens making it a favourite of golfers and fans alike.