Manchester United are edging closer to signing Antony from Ajax, it has been claimed. The Brazil international is on Erik ten Hag’s radar, regardless of what happens with Cristiano Ronaldo’s future. And though a deal isn’t straightforward, the Red Devils are hoping they can make the 22-year-old their fourth signing of the summer. Manchester United want to add a new forward to their frontline this summer. They’ve lost Edinson Cavani, Mason Greenwood may never play for the club again and Ronaldo still wants out - despite holding face to face talks with Ten Hag at their Carrington training complex on Tuesday. So far, Ajax have been unwilling to let Antony leave Amsterdam behind. With eight goals and four assists from 23 Eredivisie matches last term, the Samba star is viewed as an important player - both for now and the future. And Ajax are also reluctant to lose another key player, having seen the likes of Ryan Gravenberch, Lisandro Martinez and Noussair Mazraoui all jump ship. Now, though, Forbes journalist Sam Pilger has claimed United are ‘edging closer’ to signing Antony after Ajax decided to lower their asking price. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative He said on Twitter: “Antony is edging closer to #MUFC. “There is an understanding Ajax are now willing to lower their initially unreasonable asking price and do a deal. “United about to go back with another bid.” Previously, it’s been reported that Ajax would want a fee in the region of £70million to let their prized asset go. But the fact they’re now open to doing business for cheaper bodes well for United as they look to bolster their squad ahead of the new Premier League season. Should Antony move, it’s feasible he’d go on the right wing of Ten Hag’s attack. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong Jadon Sancho has operated there during pre-season and impressed, notching against the likes of Liverpool, Crystal Palace and Aston Villa. But United want options and Antony would give their attack a new dimension, especially given his vast potential. Liverpool have also been linked with the Ajax winger, too. Yet a move to Anfield looks unlikely with the Reds spending most of their transfer budget on a deal for Darwin Nunez, who has touched down from Benfica. If United do sign Antony, he’d become the club’s fourth signing from Ajax over the past decade. In 2014, the Red Devils raided their Eredivisie counterparts for Daley Blind - who had impressed at the World Cup in Brazil that year. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. Blind proved to be a useful asset, playing a key role as United won the FA Cup, Carabao Cup and Europa League. But he was allowed to return to Ajax after three full seasons in England, where he’s since gone on to become a hero. United then signed Donny van de Beek from the Dutch side in 2020, when Ole Gunnar Solskjaer ruled the roost. And they snapped up Martinez from Ajax earlier this summer, with the Argentina international poised to challenge centre-backs Harry Maguire, Raphael Varane, Victor Lindelof and Eric Bailly for a starting berth. Speaking earlier in the year, meanwhile, Luke Chadwick called on United to sign Antony. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “From what I’ve seen of Antony and read about him, he’s an exciting, skilful player who’s done well at Ajax,” Chadwick said. “It could make sense for Ten Hag to bring in players he knows and trusts, and that could help in terms of making sure the dressing room is behind you, as I’ve mentioned. “Obviously there are players in that position – Elanga, Rashford, and Sancho, who’s showing better form now and who looks like he has a big long-term future.“But you can never have too many good players, so if Antony does come in I’m sure everyone at the club would be fully behind that. “That’s how it should be – competition for places, and whoever’s performing well in training gets to pull on the shirt and play at the weekend. “Hopefully that will raise standards, as is needed if the club wants to be back to where it wants to be nearer the top of the table, rather than 5th, 6th or 7th position.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here