A CAPS/Harris Poll shows 71 percent of registered voters in the United States say Mr Biden, 79, should not run for a second term, compared with only 29 percent who want him to. The percentages come ahead of mid-term elections in November when the Democrats could lose their majorities in both houses of Congress. A third of poll respondents say Mr Biden is too old to run for a second term while 45 percent believe he is not up to the job. Mark Penn, co-director of the Harvard CAPS–Harris Poll survey, told The Hill: "President Biden may want to run again but the voters say 'no' to the idea of a second term, panning the job he is doing as president. "Only 30 percent of Democrats would even vote for him in a Democratic presidential primary." A majority of the 1,308 respondents who took part in the poll carried out on June 28 and 29 also say former President Donald Trump should not run for the White House in 2024.  Sixty-one percent say he should not run again while 39 percent of respondents believe Mr Trump should. It is understood the former president is mulling an early announcement he will stand for the White House a third time. However, a congressional panel investigating last year's attack on the US Capitol by Mr Trump's supporters could make multiple referrals to the Justice Department seeking criminal charges against him. Asked on ABC whether the committee's hearings have demonstrated Mr Trump needs to be prosecuted, Republican panel member Liz Cheney said: "Ultimately, the Justice Department will decide that."  READ MORE ABOUT HOSPITALS FEARING THE WORST OVER COVID Ms Cheney continued: "The Justice Department doesn't have to wait for the committee to make a criminal referral. There could be more than one criminal referral." Meanwhile, Mr Biden's approval ratings continue to hover around between 39 to 40 percent, according to FiveThirtyEight. The Harvard CAPS–Harris Poll survey found Mr Biden has an overall approval rating of 38 percent. Respondents give him low marks for his handling of inflation, the economy, job stimulation and his approach to Covid.  DON'T MISS: Man dies in M4 police incident [REPORT] Meghan invests heavily in health as Duchess' lifestyle costs laid bare [REVEALED] Putin under pressure as Kremlin growing 'upset' over sanctions [LATEST] Sixty percent of respondents in CAPS–Harris Poll say they would consider a moderate independent candidate if Mr Biden and Mr Trump were to run against each other for president. Forty percent say they would not consider it. By party, 53 percent of Republicans polled and 64 percent of Democrats told pollsters they would consider a moderate independent candidate in such a situation. It comes as Mr Trump's fellow Republican, Florida Governor Ron DeSantis,is tipped as his top potential rival for the 2024 presidential nomination. Prominent Republican donor Dan Eberhart has estimated three-quarters of roughly 150 fellow donors with whom he regularly interacts backed Mr Trump six months ago while a quarter went for Mr DeSantis.  However, the balance appears to have shifted with about two-thirds preferring Mr DeSantis as the party's 2024 nominee. Mr Eberhart said: "The donor class is ready for something new." He supports both politicians, but added he is much more excited about Mr DeSantis. The donor continued: "DeSantis feels more fresh and more calibrated than Trump. He's easier to defend, he's less likely to embarrass, and he's got the momentum."  Mr DeSantis has also emerged as a fundraising giant with a political war chest similar in size to Mr Trump's. He has raised more than £99million ($120million) since winning office in 2018, with recent financial disclosures showing his political accounts had over £90.6million ($110million) in cash by the middle of last month. In comparison, Mr Trump's Save America group - his main political committee - had just over £82million ($100million) in cash at the end of May, according to a federal disclosure. 