Blue Bloods has been airing on CBS for 12 years, following the lives of the Reagans, a Catholic family of police officers. A lot has changed during this time and series 12 was no different with a finale that sets up the show perfectly for future episodes. Here's everything Express.co.uk knows about Blue Bloods' next series. Blue Bloods returned for season 12 in October 2021 and was shown intermittently over a seven-month period. The season eventually concluded in May 2022 and CBS announced the drama's renewal a few weeks later. As part of the network's fall line-up 2022, it was also revealed last month exactly when fans can expect its return. Blue Bloods season 13 will premiere on Friday, October 7, at 10pm ET/PT on CBS in America. READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow expert in awe of gold ring found at car boot sale From this date onwards, a new episode of Blue Bloods will debut in the same time slot. Much like previous series though, fans should expect some hiatuses dotted throughout season 13. While this is good news for those in the States, UK fans are going to have to wait a little while longer. Season 12 only started to air in the UK on Sky Witness on Sunday, June 12. Hiatuses are not as typical on British television so it most likely won't take as long for the series to air. However, viewers are going to have to wait until series 13 is done in America before it can be watched elsewhere in the world. There was an eight-month gap between the US and the UK release date of season 12. If Blue Bloods was to follow this same start date pattern for the 13th outing, then the drama may not begin in the UK until sometime in June 2023. DON'T MISS...Dick Strawbridge: Is the Escape to the Chateau star a grandad? [CAST]Blue Bloods character’s return confirmed after fans share concern [REACTION]Blue Bloods season 13 release date, cast: Everything we know so far [EXPLAINER] CBS Entertainment president Kelly Kahl said of the show's renewal: “America’s favourite first family of law enforcement is back for season 13. “The Reagans possess an incredible bond with audiences literally everywhere and on every platform. "And in its 12th season, with over 250 episodes, Blue Bloods not only continues to dominate in the ratings but excels at an exceptionally high creative level.” The series 12 finale saw the beginning of the next chapter in a couple of the characters' lives. Erin Reagan (played by Bridget Moynahan) decided she had enough of Kimberly Crawford's (Roslyn Ruff) policies, especially following the revelation that she no longer wanted to take action against non-violent crimes. So Erin announced to her family that she would be running for district attorney. Meanwhile, Detective Maria Baez (Marisa Ramirez) adopted a baby that was orphaned during an investigation. She felt there was something missing from her life and so Maria opted in to become a mum. Blue Bloods season 13 premieres on Friday, October 7, at 10pm ET/PT on CBS in the USA. A UK release date hasn't yet been announced.