Dr Michael Mosley has long been hailed a weight loss guru, and has now outlined some handy tips for keeping the pounds off. They are a mixture of different weight loss techniques and he swears they are "far more effective". "A number of recent trials have shown that, done properly, a rapid weight-loss diet is safe and can be far more effective than the standard slow and steady approach," he wrote in his column for the MailOnline. While acknowledging that calories are not the only factor in a person's weight loss journey, he wrote: "A few years ago Public Health England ran a campaign encouraging us to aim for '400–600–600' — that is, 400 calories for breakfast, 600 for lunch and 600 for our evening meal. "This adds up to only 1,600 calories a day, and it applies to men and women — though you could boost those calories a bit with the occasional snack or drink. "With most of us overeating by around 300 calories a day, aiming for 400-600-600 could reduce rising rates of obesity. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake "Based on this and other research on successful long-term weight losers, these are my Golden Rules for keeping to a healthy weight," he said. Ditch unhealthy food He recommended that people clear the junk food out of their cupboards and instead stock them and the fridge, with healthy foods. “You have to create an environment where it is easy to be good," he said. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] "I know that if there's chocolate or biscuits at home, I'll find and eat them." Dr Mosley explained that by keeping a dairy or a note of what a person is doing, they can track their weight loss. "Keep score, in some way," he said. READ MORE: Fitness: How to 'increase fat burning' in a heatwave - expert advice "It could be by weighing yourself regularly, or wearing a tight-ish belt, or snug-fitting clothes. "Most people who've been seriously overweight need some sort of feedback to tell them when they're putting on weight in the wrong places, i.e. around the tummy." He added: "I find it helpful to weigh myself regularly, but I also always wear a tight belt, so I know when my waist is starting to expand." He notes a person doesn't have to go to the gym in order to get their exercise up. "You don't have to go to the gym, but you'll need to do more brisk walking, ideally at least 30 minutes most days," he advised. "Plus some resistance exercises, such as squats and press-ups." Losing weight can be a lonely journey, so Dr Mosley recommended joining a slimming club and finding likeminded people to share the experience with. Not only will it keep people motivated, but also hold them accountable too.