Dustin Poirier believes Conor McGregor should face Justin Gaethje in his return fight as ‘The Diamond’ closed the door on a fourth contest against the Irishman. McGregor has been out of the Octagon since breaking his leg during his UFC 264 contest against Poirier back in July of last year. The defeat marked McGregor’s second straight loss to his rival during their trilogy that stretches back to 2014 when ‘Notorious’ came away the victor in a featherweight bout. Since suffering the leg injury the former two-weight world champion has been given the all-clear and is in preparations for his return to the sport, which is reportedly being targeted for February or March next year. McGregor has repeatedly called for a fight with Poirier after the defeat but the American has seemingly shut down all hope of a fourth fight during a recent interview. “I’m probably not going to fight Conor again,” said Poirier on the DC & RC Show. “I don’t really want to fight Conor again. For me, that door is closed. The only reason I’d do it is for money. I beat him two times in a row. Can I beat my two performances? Can I knock him out quicker? Can I 10-7 him? What can I do? I’ve done it. If I do it again, it’s just for money, right? So that’s a completely different thing." Poirier then weighed on in who he thinks McGregor should face instead, saying: “Justin Gaethje vs the return of Conor McGregor. The hype, the build-up — somebody’s going to sleep. I mean, you’re tuning in for a car wreck. A head-on collision, and I want to see it.” McGregor and Gaethje have gone back and forth over social media on more than one occasion, but a fight has yet to come of it. In May, the ‘Highlight’ reignited the rivalry when he expressed interest in fighting McGregor and claimed he would ‘take him away from the sport forever’. “At the end of the day, after I win this fight [against Charles Oliveira] there’s two people that are next in line,” said Gaethje on the FULL SEND PODCAST. “There’s Beneil Dariush and [Islam] Makhachev and they need to fight each other. “If Conor McGregor’s there, then I think he’s just as rightfully available as those two because they need to fight. So, I say either everybody deserves it, or nobody deserves it right now. Someone needs to stand out and yeah, whoever. I want that opportunity to take him away from this sport forever.”