McLaren boss Zak Brown has dismissed suggestions that Daniel Ricciardo won't see out his contract with the team despite his struggles so far in 2022. Ricciardo, 33, was viewed as a major coup when he signed a three-year deal with the British team ahead of the 2021 campaign, but despite a dramatic race win in Monza, underwhelmed for much of the season. The Australian eventually finished eighth in the standings on 115 points, noticeably 45 points off teammate Lando Norris. The notion that Norris, 22, was the team's No 1 driver was cemented further earlier this year when he signed a new multi-million contract that runs until the end of 2025. And 'The Honey Badger's' struggled have continued into this new era of F1, having only recorded two points finishes in the 10 Grand Prix races so far. Amid budget cuts for all teams, the former Red Bull and Renault man also cost Brown and co thousands in Monaco when he endured a bad crash in practice. That led Brown, 50, to publicly call out Ricciardo, saying his displays had "generally not kind of met his or our expectations." Indeed, he lies 14th in the current standings with only 15 points, trailing Norris by 43, leading to rumours his place at McLaren was in jeopardy. JUST IN: Lando Norris' car catches fire during Austrian Grand Prix practice  However, when asked by Fox Sports if Ricciardo would see out his contract with the team, Brown candidly replied "Oh yeah" before expanding on his answer: “He’s a fighter, and his results since we’ve said that, that’s not how they were intended, have been much closer to Lando. He beat Lando, so maybe there was something firing him up. “We love working with him. He loves the team. We’ve seen when we give him a car that’s capable of winning, he can win in it. As he said last year, he didn’t feel he had a good season last year and he still won. So it’s in there. We’ve just got to figure out how to unlock it, give him a car that he’s more comfortable with.” JUST IN:Max Verstappen labels Lewis Hamilton the 'biggest show off' in F1 driver surveyMax Verstappen mocks Lewis Hamilton with vicious dig in reply to Charles Leclerc commentF1 ace Carlos Sainz's dad taken to hospital after car rolls over in heavy Extreme E crash The American also argued that his previous comments were not intended as criticism: “It was just an honest answer, it wasn’t meant to be critical,” he said. “It doesn’t mean we don’t think he can win us more races, it doesn’t mean we’re not trying unbelievably hard — quite the opposite." But he would have been left concerned by the performance of both his drivers in first practice in Austria on Friday. Ricciardo finished 17th, with Norris 20th and last.