Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta has made four signings so far this summer but reportedly could be letting up to 11 players leave before the end of the window. Arteta is said to be willing to sell eight first-team squad members and loan a further three. Arsenal have spent over £80million on their incomings to date. Gabriel Jesus was the latest through the door for £45m on Monday. The striker has joined Fabio Vieira, USA goalkeeper Matt Turner and young Brazilian winger Marquinhos. The Gunners are not finished there though. Arteta wants to sign Ajax defender Lisandro Martinez and also holds an interest in signing a midfielder and attacking wide player. But he may have to raise some funds to do so. Transfer news LIVE: Ronaldo offered to Barcelona, third Man Utd deal ordered, Arsenal blow   According to Goal, there are 11 players who could be on their way. Turner's arrival looks set to end Bernd Leno's time at Arsenal. The German played in a behind closed doors friendly against Ipswich on Saturday. But his desire to be in contention for this year's World Cup means he will be on his way in this window. There are two other goalkeepers who could leave Arsenal. Alex Runarsson spent last season on loan at OH Leuven and the Gunners are keen on selling the Iceland international. DON'T MISSTaylor's Transfers: Tottenham track 'next Haaland', Chelsea exit stalls, Leeds double dealLiverpool icon left red-faced as Christian Eriksen tweet spectacularly backfiresManchester United boss Erik ten Hag now has his very own Wayne Rooney  Meanwhile, academy graduate Arthur Okonkwo is set to head out on loan after being the third choice for Arteta last term. Another player returning from loan is Hector Bellerin. The Spaniard captained the Gunners against Ipswich but is keen on a permanent return to Real Betis. Fellow full-back Nuno Tavares could also head through the exit door after just one season at Arsenal, but the report says that would only be on loan. Arsenal are keen on selling their club-record signing Nicolas Pepe. However, finding a buyer may be tricky and a loan with an option to buy could be the most likely outcome.  A seventh player who could be leaving is Pablo Mari. He spent the last six months at Udinese but the return of William Saliba means he is unlikely to get much game time at Arsenal, so a permanent exit is on the horizon. Lucas Torreira has not played a first-team match for Arsenal since July 2020. Fiorentina, the team which he was on loan at last term, have not taken up the option to sign him permanently. Arsenal are now looking for a new club to sign the Uruguay international. The last three players who could leave are all academy graduates. Folarin Balogun is set to head out on loan again after a spell at Middlesbrough last term. However, Arsenal are seeking permanent moves for Ainsley Maitland-Niles and Reiss Nelson.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here