The Duke and Duchess of Sussex stepped down as senior members of the Royal Family in 2020 and moved to a luxury mansion in Montecito, California. Then, in March 2021, the couple criticised the Royal Family during an interview with Oprah Winfrey. Now, a source has claimed that Meghan keeps a close relationship with the TV host, and spends a lot of time with her and other celebrities who also have properties in the area. The Duchess trusts Oprah, according to a source that spoke to Closer. Meghan and Harry have also befriended Ellen DeGeneres, Serena Williams, James Corden, and their neighbours, Orlando Bloom and Katy Perry. READ MORE: Meghan 'leveraging royal status' in latest move On Meghan’s friendship with Oprah, the source said that the two women share “everything” and hang out together often. They said: “[Meghan] spends a fair amount of time at Oprah’s palatial house, where they’ll kick back with her closest friend, Gayle King, and talk about everything from Meghan’s future plans to what’s going on back in the UK and how Harry’s coping with everything. “Despite her former acting career, she doesn’t go to the movies much but they’ve been known to watch screenings at Oprah’s place, and other power players in LA have hosted them for dinner parties and spiritual gatherings.” And the source continued on the couple’s life in Montecito by speaking about their favourite lunch and dinner spots, one of which was recommended to Meghan by Oprah. DON'T MISS: Meghan Markle slammed as ‘nightmare’ in awkward Wimbledon appearanceJohn McEnroe blasted Royal Family’s role at Wimbledon in furious rantPrince Harry given brutal two-word warning after Duke 'wages war' The source said about Meghan: “If she’s going into Beverly Hills or West Hollywood for lunch or dinner, she’ll generally call ahead and request a table that is completely secluded. “Some of her favourite places were off the beaten track and not all that well-known, like gourmet sushi joints in the Downtown area or authentic Mexican places in the area she grew up in. “But, generally speaking, these days she likes higher-end hangouts like Cecconi’s, Sunset Tower, Sugarfish or Lucky’s steakhouse in Montecito, which was recommended to them by Oprah.”