Carol Kirkwood opened up on the tough “healing process” after her “shocking” divorce from first husband Jimmy Kirkwood. The BBC Breakfast star recently delighted fans when she announced her engagement. Carol, 59, is in a relationship with her mysterious fiance Steve, whose identity she keeps out of the public eye. Before that, she was married to Northern Irish cricketer Jimmy from 1990-2008. At the time they tied the knot, Carol was 28 and had just started working at the BBC. Carol has since revealed some details of how the divorce impacted her. Speaking to the Radio Times in 2018, she said: “I found myself when I got divorced. “I started to do things and to think, ‘I’m not going to say no, I’m going to say yes!’ I’m braver now.” She also told The Sun: “I was married for a long time and I got married quite young so it’s nice doing things I have the freedom to do now.” In her 2021 book, Under The Greek Moon, Carol admitted the divorce was "all so shocking to me", and recalled how she’d break down in tears behind the scenes on BBC Breakfast before putting on a smile for the camera again. She said: "In a funny way though, that helped with the healing process. “I put my grief into a compartment which I kept separate from my work, otherwise I’d have ended up in a puddle of tears. Work kept me going." Thankfully, Carol has since found happiness with Steve - though she admitted she “almost ruined” his proposal back in May. "He took me by surprise,” she said on The One Show. “We went for a picnic down by the river and we were just sitting there and he was just fumbling a bit. "I thought 'What's the matter with you?', and the next thing, he's on his knee and he had the ring and he proposed." She continued: "I thought he was joking, I ruined it! “I told him, 'Oh you're having a laugh,' and Steve then told me, 'No, seriously. I've got the ring.' “Then I said 'Yes, of course I'll marry you! I was delighted," she added. Discussing details of her ring, she told HELLO!: "My other half, Steve, chose it himself. “I was very impressed – and he got the size right. “It's what they call a halo ring with a central diamond and then diamonds around it. It is gorgeous.”