Chelsea are preparing to offer £14million for Manchester United star Cristiano Ronaldo, it has been claimed. The Portugal international’s future at Old Trafford is currently up in the air amid his desire to play in the Champions League next term. And a blockbuster move to Stamford Bridge could be on the cards as a result. Chelsea want to sign a new forward this summer to replace Romelu Lukaku, who was allowed to join Inter Milan on loan. Blues owner Todd Boehly is now, therefore, exploring a deal that would bring Ronaldo to Stamford Bridge this summer. The United star is eager to leave Old Trafford after just a year back, with the Portugal international unwilling to play in the Europa League as he enters the twilight years of his career. And, now, journalist Pete O’Rourke has claimed Chelsea are preparing an offer of just £14m to try and entice United into selling their prized asset. “Chelsea are preparing a £14m bid for unsettled Manchester United star Cristiano Ronaldo,” he said on Twitter. That offer is only slightly more than what United paid for Ronaldo a year ago. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez And it’s hard to see the Red Devils entertaining Chelsea’s bid given how they’re reluctant to sell to a Premier League rival. There’s a sense that the Blues will have to pay more than European rivals in order to acquire Ronaldo, who is open to a move to west London. And it’ll be interesting to see if Chelsea make a second bid if, as expected, United turn their opening offer down. Bayern Munich have also discussed the possibility of signing Ronaldo, at a time where talisman Robert Lewandowski could leave the Allianz Arena. The Poland international is ready to quit Bavaria and wants to join Barcelona, who remain on the lookout for a world-class replacement for Lionel Messi. But Bayern are reluctant to meet Ronaldo’s wage demands, with the United star pocketing a massive £500,000-a-week over at Old Trafford. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen Barcelona themselves have also talked about a deal for the veteran, despite Ronaldo previously spending nine years at fierce rivals Real Madrid. And a return to Sporting Lisbon has been mooted, too, though Ronaldo still feels he can play at a far higher level. Ronaldo has been alarmed by the dip in standards at United since sealing his Hollywood homecoming last August. During his first spell, the club had a squad full of leaders as Sir Alex Ferguson masterminded three straight Premier League title triumphs. Yet Ronaldo has returned to a United team in disarray, with the Red Devils finishing sixth last time out amid a chaotic campaign under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick. Furthermore, the 37-year-old feels younger players at the club don’t have his same elite mindset too. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team And while United have said Ronaldo isn’t for sale, they’re ready to accept his departure behind the scenes providing a ‘suitable offer’ arrives. If Ronaldo moves to Chelsea, it will likely tarnish his legacy with the Red Devils. And it still seems far likelier he’ll end up going abroad instead, with Barcelona and Bayern two of the frontrunners in the race for his signature. Former United star Louis Saha, meanwhile, recently expressed concerns over Ronaldo potentially leaving the club. "I'm more concerned about losing Cristiano Ronaldo [than Manchester United's lack of transfer activity this summer]. Finding a new striker that is going to get you 25 to 30 goals, it's going to be tough. This is something they need to consider for a year,” he said. "When you are a player like Cristiano Ronaldo you want to win the Champions League and break records there. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “Those are the kind of discussions you have when you're a world-class player with these stats. "Man Utd as a club is below that level, is not playing well and the manager is new so maybe Ten Hag's plan is a middle-term one and the short-term one for Ronaldo is just one or two years at the top level. That's a conflict in some way. "I'm not happy with [United fans asking Ronaldo to go] as Ronaldo has done his part. He's provided some terrific performances and he's been a leader and behaved when times were hard and demanding. "Asking to have consideration in terms of the plan and seeing there are players signing in rival clubs, it's not nice. "You have to look at other teams, Man City have done business that is really complimentary and fits really well their plan. Arsenal today and other clubs have done their business."