Nicola Sturgeon has been pushing for a second vote on independence despite the UK Government refusing to give her one. However, a referendum on Scottish independence is expected to be held in October 2023, depending on the outcome of a Supreme Court ruling. Scottish Liberal Democrats Financial spokesperson John Ferry has since pointed out the economic consequences for Scots. Mr Ferry told TRT's Newsmakers: "The consequences of that economically are so profound that they would impact people's lives so negatively. "It would create poverty where it currently doesn't exist, it would make poverty worse where it currently does exist. "It would create a plethora of problems for our society that we would take decades to recover from. "I do not want Scotland to go through that." READ MORE: Brexit is being completely ignored in this leadership race It comes as an SNP MSP said Scotland will be the loser regardless of who replaces Boris Johnson as Prime Minister. Keith Brown, who is depute leader of the party, said the chaos of the past few days only emphasises the need for Scottish independence. His comments come as Mr Johnson succumbed to pressure and resignations from his cabinet and ministers, resigning as Prime Minister on Thursday. A leadership election will now take place. Mr Brown said regardless of leader, Scotland's interests will not be represented in Westminster. A referendum on Scottish independence is expected to be held in October 2023, depending on the outcome of a Supreme Court ruling. Mr Brown said: "The events of the past week, months and years of Westminster chaos have shown exactly why Scotland needs to forge its own path as an independent nation now more than ever." "It does not matter who wins the contest to become the new Tory leader," he added. DON'T MISS Boris in brilliant swipe over Ian Blackford future in Commons [VIDEO]Scottish-backed workplace savings drive leads UK with big success [INSIGHT]Sturgeon branded an 'opportunist' hellbent on destroying UK [ANALYSIS] "Ultimately, Scotland will be the loser and the next prime minister will still not have Scotland's best interests at heart. "Westminster control means continual uncertainty for the people of Scotland as they struggle to put food on the table and heat their homes. "Only with independence can Scotland finally forge its own path towards further away from the chaos of the broken, corrupt and shambolic Westminster system, and towards a fairer, wealthier and happier country." A UK Government spokesperson said "now is not the time" for another referendum.