The Duchess of Sussex has been accused by her half-sister Samantha Markle of lying about her being an only child, a claim she made in her interview with Oprah Winfrey. On Wednesday’s The Talk, the panel discussed Meghan Markle’s legal team filing papers saying that the Duchess’ comment was “reflective of her own feelings about her childhood” and not “objective fact”. TalkTV host James admitted he felt “sorry” for Meghan before hitting out at the Duchess. Ian Collins, who was standing in for Sharon Osbourne, began: “What I don’t get about this and what I don’t understand, I always thought the American legal system is very protective over the freedom of speech. “You can say all sorts of things, I know James and I have discussed on radio as well the things that can be said. “You think, ‘They can say that and get away with it?’ They can talk about court cases in the States. “The fact you can’t say you’re an only child seems extraordinary.” Read more: Prince Harry and Meghan Markle branded 'royals for sale' James replied: “On one side I feel sorry for Meghan that’s she being dragged into this and for only $75,000, go big or go home. “The second side though is here is somebody chipping away at every aspect of what she talked about. “My truth, my truth, my truth. Shut up! We’re all fed up of Meghan’s my truth and I feel the brand Meghan has been really undermined by this.” Defending Meghan, panellist Afua Hagan hit out at the Duchess of Sussex’s sister for accusing her of lying. She said: “It feels to me Samantha Markle wants to be upset about something. “She wants a bit of a cash, $75,000 is what she needs to sort out this, that and the other.” “Why don’t the legal team say Samantha was 17 years her senior, they were in and out of each other's lives because of school and because the parents were together then they weren’t?” Afua continued. The journalist pointed out that Meghan and Samantha “didn’t grow up together”. DON'T MISSKate McCann health update: TalkTV presenter to step out TONIGHT [INSIGHT]Carole Malone slams Liz Truss over McCann collapse reaction [VIDEO]'Piers Morgan on Kate McCann fainting episode during leadership debate [INSIGHT] “Meghan didn’t say I am an only child she said she grew up as an only child,” she said. “If you have an older sibling that actually makes sense.” In the legal battle between Meghan and Samantha, papers filed to a court in Florida state: "Plaintiff [Samantha] first asserts that she can disprove that Meghan ‘grew up as an only child’. “But this perception is entirely unfalsifiable. It is hard to imagine a more personal and subjective feeling than how one views their own childhood. "Moreover, Plaintiff's opposition completely ignores the context of the statement where Ms Winfrey asked Meghan about her relationship with Plaintiff. "Meghan's response was obviously not meant to be a statement of fact that she had no genetic siblings or half-siblings. "Rather it was a textbook example of a subjective statement about how a person feels about her childhood." The Talk panel also included broadcaster Penny Smith and comedian Geoff Norcott. The Talk airs on TalkTV on weekdays at 9pm.