Kate Garraway will be back on ITV screens to co-host Monday's instalment of Good Morning Britain. The broadcaster announced the exciting news on Sunday afternoon, telling her social media followers she is "so looking forward" to returning to the programme.  Kate had to take extended leave from the ITV programme she has co-hosted for two decades after her husband took an "unexpected and frightening turn for the worse". Derek has been suffering from serious after-effects of coronavirus since he contracted the illness back in 2020. The 54-year-old was in a coma for more than a year after being struck down by the virus. Last April, he went back home to live with Kate and their two children Darcey and Billy but the house had to be adapted for his needs. READ MORE: BBC's Mike Bushell leaves guest gobsmacked after he runs off Kate has spoken openly about Derek's health over the past two years, with the ITV documentary Finding Derek winning awards for shining a light on coronavirus. On Sunday, Kate shared an update with her 500,000 Twitter followers about her husband's health. The 55-year-old penned: "Thank you so so much for all your messages of support - they really do mean the world. "I’ve been off @gmb and @smoothradio as Derek’s health took an unexpected and frightening turn for the worse that landed him back in intensive care and fighting for his life - again."  The journalist had some more promising news in a post which followed about her career and Derek's condition. She tweeted: "Thanks to the extraordinary @nhs teams and his own amazing life force and spirit Derek, please god, is back on the right side of it now. "I'm so looking forward to seeing you all back on @gmb from 6am tomorrow and @smoothradio - hopefully celebrating a @lionesses #worldcup win!" (sic) Dozens of Kate's followers sent her messages of support after reading her latest update. DON'T MISS...Kate Garraway and Derek Draper: 'Things will never be the same' [LATEST]Kate Garraway 'in survival mode' amid fears for husband Derek [UPDATE]Lorraine offers support to Kate Garraway as Derek's health takes turn [INSIGHT] Marie commented: "Brilliant news, we are so fortunate to have the NHS. You're such an inspiration, Kate, we've missed you in the mornings, look after yourself too." (sic) Brian Winter added: "This is heartening news. I hope Derek continues to make a good recovery. Wishing you both all the best." Carol Clark said: "So pleased to hear Derek is on the mend, it’s fantastic news. It will be good to see you back at GMB, you’ve been missed." (sic) Ruth remarked: "Wishing you, Derek and the children well, not forgetting Derek's parents. Please look after yourselves. Don’t rush back too soon. You need your health and strength, love and prayers to you all."  Lauren added: "Kate - you are an inspiration as a woman, mother, [and] wife. Make sure you take some "you" time. Coming back to work must feel like a break. Look forward to seeing you." Paul said: "I'm so glad to hear Derek is getting better, he is a fighter as long as he has you and the kids and friends by his side he will beat this." Derek requires specialist care throughout the day and Kate has previously said she is still taking life day by day. Good Morning Britain airs on weekdays from 6am on ITV. 