  Channel 5 News reporter Dan Walker confirmed he “won’t miss the scrutiny” over his salary in a recent interview. The former BBC Breakfast star also suggested that speculation he was receiving £1.5million for his news role was “so wrong”.      Dan, 45, was asked how he felt to be moving away from the BBC, which requires its journalists to remain unbiased and their salaries made public. “There will definitely be less scrutiny,” Dan confirmed. “At a public service broadcaster, everything is watched very closely. “I won’t miss the scrutiny of my pay and… and, well, everything that goes with that.”    Quizzed on what “first attracted him to the £1.5 million a year news reading gig at Channel 5”, Dan laughed before dodging the question. “It really makes me laugh how you guys love to speculate and you always get it so wrong,” he insisted in his interview with The Times. Asked if he was earning more, he insisted he was not, with a dramatic “noooo!” He went on to explain that it should “never be about money” because we are living in a time when “people are struggling”.      Dan has previously denied reports that he left BBC Breakfast to pocket a larger salary. The Strictly Come Dancing star has previously expressed how his new high earrings have made him feel slightly uneasy. He said: “I hate talking about money. I feel uncomfortable that I get paid a lot to do a job I love. “I remember the first day a national newspaper published what I earned on the front page. That was awful. READ MORE... Novak Djokovic's wife addresses marriage ahead of Wimbledon [INSIGHT] Sir Tom Jones, 82, 'seen by doctors after collapsing on tour' [BREAKING] 'Not fun' Joan Collins, 89, rushed to hospital in Monaco [BREAKING]     “I am embarrassed by the amount I earn." Dan claimed his parents had no money while he was growing up, and all his clothes were hand-me-downs. “At a time when people are struggling to put food on the table, it's horrible to have your salary on the front page,” he previously told the Daily Mail's Weekend magazine. Following rumours that his move away from the BBC was money motivated, Dan took to Instagram ahead of his new Channel 5 dig to set things straight.     He wrote at the time: “It is often the case that the simple truth is much duller than all the made-up ‘moles’ and so-called ‘sources’ claim. "In a nutshell… a bloke with a really good job, which he loved, got offered a really good job somewhere else which provided an amazing new challenge and the opportunity to make some exciting telly. “The bloke explained to his current employers that, even though it was a tough decision, he had decided to leave. “They are now trying their best to allow him to make a dignified departure,” he concluded. 5 News airs weeknights at 5pm on Channel 5.    