Billy Gilmour is set for showdown talks with Thomas Tuchel over his Chelsea future after he was demoted to the club's development squad. The highly-rated midfielder, who spent last season on loan at Norwich City, is reportedly being courted by other Premier League clubs. Gilmour made headlines earlier this week when he was axed from the Blues pre-season tour of the United States. Tuchel made the decision to send the Scottish midfielder to link up with the under-23 squad in Salt Lake City, as the club had taken 'too many' players on their tour. In the wake of Tuchel's decision, a new report from The Times has revealed that Gilmour is seeking crunch talks with Tuchel over his Chelsea future next week once the club's pre-season tour has concluded. The 21-year-old was keen to fight for a spot in the Blues' first-team squad after his stint at Norwich last year, but the report claims that Premier League clubs are now taking stock of Gilmour's situation. READ MORE: Arsenal urged to fix 'massive problem area' by moving for Chelsea man It is claimed that clubs would be interested in acquiring Gilmour either on loan or on a permanent basis if Chelsea decide that they are open to cashing in on one of their most promising academy graduates now that he has fallen down the midfield pecking order. Competition for a spot in Chelsea's engine room is expected to be fierce next year. Gilmour's route to a first-team berth could be blocked by Conor Gallagher, who is expected to feature in Tuchel's plans after his breakthrough year on loan at Crystal Palace. Gallagher plundered eight Premier League goals in 39 appearances for the Eagles last term and started alongside Ross Barkley in Chelsea's 2-1 win over Club America on Sunday. The 22-year-old and the rest of the Blues squad played 45 minutes apiece in the first match of the club's tour of the States, but Gilmour was one of the players who failed to make the initial squad. Shortly before Gilmour was demoted from the senior ranks, alongside Tino Anjorin and Harvey Vale, Tuchel admitted that he was "sad" that he was forced to leave some of the club's promising youngsters out of the clash with Club America. The Chelsea chief told football.london: "Everybody has a chance. I was a bit sad today because some youngsters had to be outside (the squad) due to injury or to the fact that we had too many players for two teams of twenty players that we used. Some other players deserved to play. For example, Harvey Vale had a fantastic tournament with England Under-19s and did very well in training.”