The NCIS actor has sent rumour mills spinning as he let his feelings be known on the potential return of Victoria. Tweeting a line of encouragement, fans are convinced the highly anticipated 20th series will focus more on Jimmy Palmer's life away from the Naval Crime Investigative Service. The Doctor and Chief Medical Examiner for the NCIS Major Case Response Team has kept a lid on his personal life so far. However, the introduction of a daughter in season 19 didn't come as too much of a surprise to audiences as they'd heard of her long before putting a face to the name. It was during the latest run though, viewers really got to know Victoria (played by Elle Graper) and all she had been through in her short life. A touchingly warm welcome from other characters, it was clear the team had her best interest at heart with Nick Torres (NAME HERE) acting as an uncle figure to the young girl. READ MORE: ‘Let me answer!’ Raab snaps at BBC’s Jon Kay in angry clash While it is still too early to tell, a tweet from Brian left NCIS fanatics sure their pleas had been answered. The actor replied to a message questioning Brian on whether Victoria will return after watching the episode The Helpers and praising Elle for her performance. He tweeted, "fingers crossed!" on his personal account. Another element fans were delighted by was the blossoming of Jessica Knight (Katrina Law) and Jimmy Palmer as an official romantic couple. One of the first relationships viewers have seen for a while on the US crime drama, the show is notorious for keeping its romantic storylines locked up behind closed doors. No one quite knows what the next instalment will hold but as of now, writers are working away on what are sure to be more explosive storylines. According to online speculation, it's thought the first few episodes will centre around Alden Parker (NAME HERE) following the events of the season 19 finale. Already quite clear is the want of the writers to unveil the intimacies of the Palmer – Knight relationship, hopefully helped by the comeback of Jimmy's daughter. DON'T MISS...NCIS’ Jessica Knight star wraps new project away from CBS [INSIGHT]NCIS season 20 release date confirmed by CBS [UPDATE]NCIS' Brian Dietzen takes aim at rival NBC over US Open programming [INSIGHT] Ending on a huge cliffhanger, the last run of NCIS left Agent Alden Parker being framed for a murder he didn't commit. After his ex-wife Vivian (Teri Polo) was kidnapped, Parker became one of the main suspects following which the NCIS team helped him go on the run. In plot twist galore, the finale episode closes with Vivian receiving a text that hints she is actually the kidnapper. Teasers also include a mysterious crime figure called the Raven, that fans hope will be revealed in the new release. Heading into its third decade on TV, the original branch of the franchise is one of the top TV fixtures in the US and fans are eagerly awaiting to see what will be in store for their favourite agents. When speaking about returning cast members, it's also unclear as to whether the team will be working alongside Jethro Gibbs (Mark Harmon) in the upcoming episodes. His character stepped away from the brand in season 19 but the actor has since made it clear that nothing is ever permanent. Catch up with season 19 of NCIS on Disney Plus.