Although spider season tends to arrive in early autumn, more and more households are seeing the arachnids in their home earlier and earlier. This is because the UK experiences more mild winters now. To help get rid of them and prevent spiders from re-entering the home, Mrs Hinch fans shared their advice on social media. Posting on the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, Alyson Gnessen wrote: “What are some remedies to stop spiders coming in?” Taking to the comments, cleaning enthusiasts recommended using peppermint oil. Nicola McKinnon wrote: “I wash my floors and then I go over with a mixture of water and peppermint oil.” Lorna Stanfield said: “Peppermint oil and lemon juice with a drop of water in a spray bottle. READ MORE: ‘Most effective’ 36p natural scent to repel moths from homes in summer “Squirt round vents on windows, walls, near your front door and back doors. None will get in.” Amber Milsom commented: “Peppermint oil mixed with water and sprayed around windows, doors and all the little places they come from.” Alison Stacey said: “I agree, essential oils help to repel them, nice and cheap.” Peppermint oil can be purchased from several retailers including Holland & Barrett for as little as £1. DON'T MISS:Laundry: Clothing items to ‘never’ put in the washing machine [EXPERT]How to stop house flies invading your home - including 80p deterrent [COMMENT]Monty Don: ‘Best defence’ for tomatoes as ‘risk of blight increases’ [INSIGHT] It is thought the overwhelming smell of the essential oil will cause spiders to run away. This is because they smell with their legs, and walking through these strong spells will mess up their own sense of smell. Other essential oils including lavender were also recommended. Sophie Dumas said: “You may find spiders are already in the house and using these remedies around actually prevents them from leaving on their own accord. “Best thing is to keep the house clean, remove webs, vacuum regularly and when you come across one, gently move it outside.”  Mellisa Logan said: “Keep the house clean and keep any sweet smells away.  “Also just keep the home clean and remove webs.”  Another method recommended by group members included using citrus peel. READ MORE: Paint: ‘Dull and unappealing’ colours to avoid when decorating “Best thing is to keep the house clean, remove webs, vacuum regularly and when you come across one, gently move it outside.” Mellisa Logan said: “Keep the house clean and keep any sweet smells away. “Also just keep the home clean and remove webs.” Another method recommended by group members included using citrus peel. This can be used by peeling fruit or blending it into a powder. Sprinkling this around the home can help to keep spiders away. All different kinds of fruit peel can be used including orange, lemon, lime and grapefruit. Other group members suggested using conkers. Melessa McCan said: “Conkers sprayed with peppermint oil are great.” Catherine Luuney wrote: “Conkers! They repel the horrible eight-legged things. “But be careful, they are poisonous to dogs. I put a few on a dish on my window and I haven’t had one in my house for years.”