Former Chancellor Rishi Sunak came out on top in the fifth-round ballot on Wednesday, July 20, with support from 137 Conservative MPs. Meanwhile, Foreign Secretary Liz Truss received 113 votes, knocking out Trade Minister Penny Mordaunt by eight votes.  A series of 12 hustings will take place across the country between July 28 and August 31 before around 160,000 Tory members decide Ms Truss and Mr Sunak’s fate. READ MORE: Petition to reinstate Boris Johnson as PM rejected by Parliament: 'Can't accept it' Tory members will have to cast their postal vote by September 2 with Boris Johnson’s successor taking office on September 5. Ms Truss and Mr Sunak will also go head to head in two televised debates on BBC and Sky News, yet it is still unclear who will win. One Conservative MP told Express.co.uk: "They'll have been holding things back. "They'll both have great big dossiers of kompromat ready to now be leaked." Mr Sunak has won the backing of Dominic Raab, and Jeremy Hunt while Nadine Dorries and Jacob Rees-Mogg have expressed support for Ms Truss. Mr Sunak promises a “return to traditional Conservative economic values” and cuts to taxes once inflation is under control. He has accused Ms Truss of “fantasy economics” and “socialist” plans to borrow to fund tax cuts immediately. Ms Truss has pledged to reverse the national insurance rate rise and continue with Mr Johnson’s levelling up agenda, focussing on low tax and low regulation zones. She has been critical of Mr Sunak’s delivery of the “highest tax economy in the past 70 years”, and warned his policies are pushing the UK into recession. Both candidates support the Rwanda migrant removal scheme and Ms Truss has reportedly said she would attempt to expand it to other countries such as Turkey. Like former leadership candidates Kemi Badenoch and Ms Mordaunt, Ms Truss opposed moving ahead with self-identification for transgender people. DON'T MISS: 'Not like Thatcher' Liz Truss in heated clash with BBC host over major Brexit U-turn [WATCH]Now things get really dirty! Tories fear secret 'kompromat' leaks as Truss and Sunak fight [LATEST]'Does it still matter?' Tory peer stuns Burley as he warns Brexit not party's main concern [VIDEO] Mr Sunak has pledged for the UK to be energy independent by 2045 at the latest. Meanwhile, Ms Truss has committed to maintaining the Government’s net-zero targets but would suspend green energy levies. So what do YOU think? Who should be our next Prime Minister? Vote in our poll and join the debate in the comment section below.