Netflix’s steamy Regency romp Bridgerton is back in production with filming now starting on season three. The forthcoming outing promises to be a romantic and compelling watch. Fans are eager for any news and updates and we will be bringing you all the latest news from the show. Season three will be focusing on the romance between Penelope Featherington (played by Nicola Coughlan) and Colin Bridgerton (Luke Newton). The show will be taking its cue from Julia Quinn’s fourth novel Romancing Mr Bridgerton, marking a break from the Bridgerton book series and skipping past the third instalment An Offer From A Gentleman. Season three will see Colin returning from his summer travels with his best friend Penelope now giving him the cold shoulder. Colin will be trying to make amends with Penelope after she heard him disparaging her at a ball in the series two finale. Penelope’s long-held crush for Colin seemed to end as he told a group of gentlemen: “Are you mad? I would never dream of courting Penelope Featherington - not in your wildest fantasies.” The new episodes will see Penelope trying to nab a husband on the marriage mart with limited success. Penelope wants to find a suitable spouse who will give her the independence to continue her lucrative sideline as Lady Whistledown and freedom away from her mother Lady Portia Featherington (Polly Walker) and her sisters Prudence (Bessie Carter) and Philippa (Harriet Cains). In a bid to win back Penelope, Colin offers to help her and the former wallflower soon finds herself with numerous suitors from the Ton wooing her. READ MORE: Bridgerton: TV shows to watch while you wait for the new series With Penelope now getting unprecedented attention, Colin begins to realise she was the only one who every truly appreciated him. Colin will be left grappling with his own feelings for Penelope and wondering if they are more than just platonic. To make matters worse, Penelope and Eloise Bridgerton (Claudia Jessie) are at odds after Lady Whistledown’s scandal sheet brought shame on the Bridgertons. Eloise will also be finding a new friend as she remains feuding with Penelope. As always, Penelope will also be trying to keep her secret Lady Whistledown identity under wraps but with her growing profile, this becomes increasingly harder. READ MORE: Bridgerton season 1 sex scenes: When are they? A guide to skipping Season three will feature some new cast members including Daniel Francis, who plays Marcus Anderson. The character is described as a “charismatic presence who lights up any room he enters”. He will be gaining the notice of “certain matriarchs in the ton” but also “the ire of others”, suggesting he may be something of a rake. Anderson has previously starred in Stay Close, Small Axe, Once Upon a Time and will be appearing in the upcoming series Liaison. Sam Phillips will be taking on Lord Debling, a “genial lord with unusual interests”. His wealth and title make up for his eccentricities and he’s slated to have “no shortage of interest from young ladies” this season. The star is also a director and producer and has previously featured in The Crown and The Syndicate. Another new cast member is Wreck star James Phoon in the role of Harry Dankworth, who is said to make up what he “lacks in wit and intelligence” with “serious good looks”. Netflix previously confirmed Hannah Dodd would be replacing Ruby Stokes as Francesca Bridgerton after the original actress left to be a lead on Lockwood & Co., also on the streaming platform. Francesca is said to be a “bit of a mystery” and has a “reserved nature”, nonetheless, she goes along with society affairs and is “fortified with a dry wit and pragmatism that confound the fickle ton yet seem to draw attention when she least desires it”. DON'T MISS...Bridgerton explained: The reality of being queer in the Regency era [INSIGHT]Bridgerton season 2 review: The Viscount who underwhelmed me [ANALYSIS]Bridgerton Pall Mall explained: Is Pall Mall a real game? [EXPLAINER] Veteran cast members will be making a return including Jonathan Bailey as Anthony Bridgerton, Ruth Gemmell as Lady Violet Bridgerton, Adjoa Andoh as Lady Danbury, Jessica Madsen as Cressida Cowper, Luke Thompson as Benedict Bridgerton, Golda Rosheuvel as Queen Charlotte, and Martins Imhangbe as Will Mondrich. Simone Ashley is expected to reprise her role as Kate Sharma and Charithra Chandran as her younger sister Edwina. Netflix has dropped a short teaser confirming filming has started with the cast members holding up three fingers as confirmation. The teaser ended with Coughlan confirming the news about filming and Newton hopping into a carriage with her. A more definitive trailer with footage is likely to come at a later stage given nothing has really been shot as yet. Express.co.uk will update this story when more information becomes available. Bridgerton season 3 is in production now