With temperatures set to soar for the rest of this week and next, it's important people know how to stay safe during a rare UK heatwave. By introducing a few specific foods a day into their diets, experts have assured that they will help maintain a healthy, nutritionally balanced one. The Met Office revealed the UK will see highs of 35 degrees celsius on Monday and it's easy to allow a diet plan to go out the window when ice cream weather arrives. The summer months can also bring with them a loss of appetite, dehydration and trigger poor sleep schedules. And this can all impact weight loss and health in general. Nutrition and lifestyle experts, yfood, found that unhealthy eating is at its worst when people are out and about, with 40 percent of people consuming the most junk food. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake So in a bid to keep people on track, their experts shared their top five foods to eat in order to navigate a nutritionally balanced diet during a heatwave. yfood nutritionists explained that watermelons are "perfect" for dodging the risk of over-heating this summer. They are packed with lots of water and a high concentration of electrolytes, so they help regulate body temperature and stimulate perspiration. They also contain a nutrient called lycopene which has protective factors against sun exposure. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] Most berries are very alkaline, meaning that they will generate cold energy in the body to help people cool down. They are also bursting with a host of nutrients that help sustain a balanced diet this summer, including vitamin C and K, folate, potassium, manganese and magnesium. READ MORE: Michael Mosley weight loss: Remove three foods to stay slim Being 96 percent water, yfood's experts said: "This makes cucumber the summer essential to pack in your picnic this summer. "Aside from staying hydrated, these seasonal fruits are loaded with antioxidants cleansing the body of toxins, aiding the digestive system, and are high in vitamin B-5." Rich in vitamin C, vitamin E, folate, vitamin A and various other antioxidant micronutrients, the leafy greens also have a high water content. "This salad necessity makes a refreshing choice during the hot weather," said yfood. Not only is this vegetable a key ingredient for a person's morning green juice, but its fibrous stalks are also rich in a multitude of key nutrients and vitamins, including potassium, calcium and protective plant compounds called flavonoids. These have a wealth of anti-inflammatory and protective effects on the cardiovascular system.