The communities minister, who spent her childhood in Nigeria and the USA, was only elected in 2017 and was a surprise name for the leadership contest when Boris Johnson announced his departure. Few expected Ms Badenoch to make it through nominations but after round 2 she is sitting in fourth place with 49 votes and has her spot booked for the weekend television debates. Now as the Tory MPs decide who goes into the final run-off against former Chancellor Rishi Sunak, Ms Badenoch and her band of "Kemistas" (supporters) hold the key to the leadership election in what has become a numbers game. With former Chancellor Rishi Sunak - long since dubbed “the establishment candidate” - looking like a shoe-in for the final two going to the membership with 101 votes, the question is who will be in the run-off against him. This is doubly important because the analysis of most Tory MPs is that the other candidate, even with less of their colleagues supporting them, will be the strong favourite to win. As one put it: “Rishi is the traitor who stabbed Boris [Johnson] in the back. The members are livid and are furious with him.” And as another added: “Conservatives don’t like people who put up taxes but they really don’t like people who put up taxes and then dodge taxes.” The reference was not to Mr Sunak himself but the legal tax arrangements of his multi-millionaire wife. The money is pouring in on Penny Mordaunt who garnered 83 votes and now looks likely to grab the other spot. She has shown characteristic perzaz in the campaign and at least looked like a leader. But even though she voted leave some of her more liberal views on issues like trans rights have turned off some on the Brexiteer right. And the vitriol about some of her views and scrutiny of her life and beliefs starting with a vicious attack from Lord Frost today means she has a torrid weekend ahead. That said, one rightwing 2019 Boris loyalist Red Wall MP said to me as I was writing this piece: “Penny is really good as the despatch box. It would certainly be fun.” Some way behind is Foreign secretary Liz Truss who polled 19 less votes from MPs on 64. Her campaign has been flat and failed to catch the imagination of MPs. READ MORE: Brexiteer split leaves Truss campaign on life support The assumption is that with Attorney General Suella Braverman out, the European Research Group (ERG) will fall in behind Ms Truss who will get most of her votes potentially enough to take her into second. When the ERG met they decided that only Truss and Braverman were worthy of backing. The belief among MPs is that after the weekend TV debates the most pro-EU candidate Tom Tugendhat will be quickly eliminated but his 32 votes will split off in different directions and not go to any single candidate en bloc. That leaves the contest between Mordaunt and Truss for second place with MPs still open with Ms Badenoch’s 49 or possibly more votes in play. This means that Ms Badenoch will find herself at the very least in the roll of Queen maker between Truss and Mordaunt with whoever she sides with being the favourite in the contest with members. DON'T MISS Truss humiliated after embarrassingly begging Lib Dem to back her [REVEAL] Brexiteers may need a 2016 Remainer to carry their banner [INSIGHT] What do YOU want to see from Tory leadership hopefuls on Brexit? [REACT] But there is another scenario which could elevate Ms Badenoch further. All is not over with a weekend of TV debates to come in which the five remaining candidates will have the chance to show their true mettle. If Ms Badenoch shines and Ms Truss continues to come over as flat with no sparkle then there is a chance that the right could switch en mass to the rising star. Social media has already been full of brilliant parliamentary performances dismantling Labour on issues like the toxic critical race theory. The 42-year-old MP for Saffron Walden, a mother of three, was praised by the historian David Starkey as the “only candidate who can think for herself.” That came after weighty speeches and opinion pieces on cultural issues, the economy and, just yesterday on express.co.uk, the most cogent piece on what levelling up actually means and how it can be enacted that has been put forward by a politician from any party in recent years. All that has held her back from being a frontrunner in this contest is a lack of cabinet experience and a relatively short political career. Whatever, the outcome of the weekend’s horse trading, her talent and the backing of the mostly loyal backing of “Kemistas” in the Parliamentary party, makes her the pivotal figure in this competition.