As those at Wimbledon celebrated 100 years of Centre Court, John McEnroe took it as an opportunity to ask the crowd to pay tribute to Sue Barker. He went off script as he said the BBC would be “lost without” Sue and the crowd took to their feet to cheer the veteran presenter. John said: “One final word to the crowd and on behalf of all the players, I just want to say we’re going to be lost without you. “After 30 years of covering this tournament magnificently, please give it up for Sue Barker.” The tennis star was overwhelmed as those on centre court gave her a standing ovation and cheered. Sue broke down in tears at the emotional tribute from her colleague as she struggled to say: “Thank you.” READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Entire family wiped out by newcomer As the crowd calmed, she continued: “Thank you so much. This is about the tournament and all I can say is from now on, John McEnroe is going to be commentating on court 17 after that going off script. “But thank you, that really does mean the world to me, it really does.” Those watching at home took to Twitter to share their sadness over Sue’s retirement when Wimbledon comes to an end. Dan Alsop tweeted: “Billie Jean King is absolutely correct. Sue barker is the greatest tennis presenter there has ever been #Wimbledon will never be the same without you #BBCTennis.” Greg Watson added: “Sue Barker getting a standing ovation on Centre Court. I’m not crying, your crying.... #Wimbledon #tennis #standingovation.” Liz Grant posted: “Well the standing ovation for Sue Barker brought a tear to my eye. Very well deserved. I can barely remember #Wimbledon coverage before her and will miss her immensely @BBCSport.” “What a beautiful tribute at #Wimbledon for #CentreCourt100 So emotive and wonderful to see all those greats out there,” Georgina Moore shred. “I love @Wimbledon it is simply the best tournament but yes #suebarker you will be greatly missed!” DON'T MISS...'I feel nervous' Djokovic on edge at Wimbledon ceremony next to Roger [LATEST]Sue Barker breaks down and threatens John McEnroe in sad scenes  [VIDEO]Roger Federer sends Wimbledon crowd wild and shares chat with Djokovic [WAT] Thomas tweeted: “Enjoyed the #CentreCourt100 celebrations. So many great memories over the years. “A lovely moment for Sue Barker. #Wimbledon just won’t be the same without her.” After the celebration, American tennis icon Billie Jean King also paid tribute to Sue. She told the host: “You are the very best ever. I want everybody out there to know that. “I am really upset that you are leaving because you know the game more than anybody and know the people more than anybody. "You have the appreciation and you just get it. Thank you for everything. "Every time you are on television I get up out of my chair and stomp around. I can't believe you are leaving us." Wimbledon coverage continues on BBC One and the BBC iPlayer.