Olympic gold-winning rhythmic gymnast Alina Kabaeva, rumoured to have a hidden family with the Russian President, is expecting a child fathered by Putin, insider sources say. Kabaeva's pregnancy was unveiled by the General SVR Telegram channel, a web account said to be updated by Kremlin insiders. According to the report, Putin grumbled he already has enough daughters when told of the news. The anonymous post read: "The news did not at all please the future father and the President of Russia in one person, who expressed the opinion that there were already enough children, and even more so, daughters." Kabaeva was "upset" by Putin's reaction, the post added. READ MORE: Russians attack THEMSELVES in fire disaster – morale sinks Kabaeva was born in Uzbekistan. She and 69-year-old Putin met after she won a gold medal for Russia at the Athens Olympics in 2004, which thrust her into the national spotlight. By 2008, she had become Russia's so-called "Secret First Lady". The pair reportedly have two boys and twin girls, all of whom were born in Switzerland, sources told Page Six earlier this year. She and the four children had been living in a secret location in the country, sources said. Putin also has two daughters from his previous marriage to Russian flight attendant Lyudmila Shkrebneva. One of them, 36-year-old Maria Putina, uses the surname Vorontsova and is the co-owner of Nomenko, a healthcare investment firm. The other, 35-year-old Katerina Tikhonova, is a former competitive dancer who runs an artificial intelligence initiative at Moscow State University. Both are subject to sanctions issued by the West in response to Russia's invasion of Ukraine. Putin is reported to have a seventh daughter – Luiza Rozova, also known as Elizaveta Krivonogikh, whom he had with Svetlana Krivonogikh, his alleged lover in the 1990s and early 2000s. DON'T MISSPutin's inept tactics exposed: Convoy of 15 tanks picked off [WATCH]Luhansk and Donetsk – Why regions are crucial for Russia's war goals [INSIGHT]Russia's Chechen allies threaten to wage 'jihad' on Europe [REPORT] Putin's private life is riddled with secrecy and speculation. His appearances usually reveal little to nothing about his family. Neither do they of his health, which observers and analysts pay great attention to as the dictator is said to show physical signs of illness. His latest outing, at a meeting with parliamentary leaders on Thursday, made headlines as the president issued one of his most ominous warnings yet. Claiming Moscow has barely started its campaign in Ukraine, Putin dared the West to try to defeat it on the battlefield. He said: "Everyone should know that by and large, we haven't started anything yet in earnest. "At the same time, we don't reject peace talks. But those who reject them should know that the further it goes, the harder it will be for them to negotiate with us." He went on to accuse Kyiv's western allies of fuelling hostilities, saying that "the West wants to fight us until the last Ukrainian" and that they were welcome to try but it would only bring tragedy for Ukraine. He warned: "Today we hear that they want to defeat us on the battlefield. What can you say – let them try. "The goals of the special military operation will be achieved. There are no doubts about that."