The decision by Tory MPs to force the Prime Minister out of office has been met with dismay in Kyiv and around Ukraine where he is regarded as a hero who was responsible for bringing an initially reluctant international community together to help in their struggle against Russia. But with news that Ukrainians want Mr Johnson to be given citizenship of their country so he can become their Prime Minister, senior politicians there are now backing the plan to make him an international envoy for the war. Senior Ukrainian MP Oleksiy Goncharenko, seen as a future Prime Minister or President himself in the future, is the latest to add his voice to the growing calls for the special role for Mr Johnson. He told Express.co.uk: “Thanks again to Prime Minister Johnson for his leadership in support of Ukraine. “It would be great to see him after resignation from No10 as G7 Special envoy on Russian invasion. It’s important for both the UK and Ukraine.” The idea was first proposed by an ally of Foreign Secretary Liz Truss’s leadership campaign, Professor Gwythian Prins in an article he wrote for Express.co.uk. He wrote: “President Zelensky knows the depth of his debt to his friend and so do his people. In Ukraine he is lionised, and with good cause. “The war is at a critical moment. It needs exceptional talent to keep the Free World coherent and focussed in support of the Ukrainians - to keep our finger on the see-saw so that the military balance does not tip towards Putin over the summer - starting from today. “What that requires is someone in Kyiv and across the piece as Zelensky’s interlocutor at NATO and with the G7. Someone who knows all the players. Someone who, when focussed, has titanic energy and persuasive skill.” READ MORE: Report slams hated Brexit legislation for 'FAMINE' of economic impacts  Since then the idea has been picked up by Ms Truss who in the recent BBC leadership debate hinted that she would be proposing Mr Johnson for a leadership role on the international stage rather than put him in her cabinet. It is understood that President Zelensky is also keen that his greatest international ally should continue to play a role with fears that the EU in particular is seeing its resolve weaken. There is also polling evidence in the US that American voters are prepared to turn their back on Ukraine, in exclusive surveys by the Democracy Institute for Express.co.uk. With a new Tory leader and Prime Minister unveiled on September 5, the future of Mr Johnson is in doubt. DON'T MISSHave Your Say: Do you think Rishi Sunak would be good PM? [REACT]Boris WILL make a comeback and here's how says DAVID MADDOX [INSIGHT]Ukrainian troops 'will win' as Kyiv preps offensive in occupied south [ANALYSIS] However, despite the Partygate scandal at home and his own MPs turning on him there is evidence that Conservative members want him to stay on and he remains very popular abroad. For two months in a row, he topped the Express.co.uk/ Democracy Institute poll of foreign leader Americans would most like to see as an alternative President in the White House ahead of French President Emmanuel Macron.