Huge flames have erupted alongside the A2 carriageway as the scorching heatwave has fuelled a series of wildfires across the nation. Trees and bushes along the side of the major traffic route have been engulfed in the blaze, as captured in shocking video footage which has now emerged on social media. Crowds of motorists have continued to rush past the scene as the road remains open despite the rapid spread of the fire.    Emergency services were present along the A2 as firefighters grappled to prevent the wildfire from breaching the causeway. The video captured the scene along the A2 near Dartford Heath, as the Kent Fire and Rescue tackled the flames. While the core travel route remains in operation, motorists close to the blaze have been warned to exercise caution. Smoke from the fire has drifted across the carriage in the worst impacted points which is expected to reduce visibility for travellers along the road.  Local emergency services confirmed crews were battling to bring numerous fires in the area under control as temperatures in the UK rocket to 40 degree celsius. A social media statement from the Kent Fire and Rescue Service said: “Crews are tackling two separate grass and heathland fires in Dartford - one on Dartford Heath, and another on Durrell Dene, Joyce Green. “Due to smoke drifting from Dartford Heath, people driving on nearby roads are advised to take care.” An additional statement added: “People in the area are still advised to keep windows and doors closed.” Read more: Oxford Circus chaos as 2,000 people evacuated after fire alert  A report from the Fire Service detailed that 12 fire engines had responded to the fire on Dartford Heath, close to the border of the A2. The firefighters on scene are understood to be using both hose reel jets and main jets to tackle the flames which have devastated surrounding undergrowth and trees. A statement from Kent Fire and Rescue confirmed no casualties of the fire had been reported. Elsewhere, fire services across the nation are grappling to control a series of fires amid the UK’s hottest day on record. Don't miss: Police smash window of car to save dog sweltering in heatwave [REPORT]Water warning: Heatwave triggers 'urgent' calls to limit usage [ANALYSIS]Drivers warned of heatwave road havoc [INSIGHT] The London Fire Brigade has declared a major incident in response to the rapid surge in outbreaks of fire across the city. A statement from the London Fire Brigade read: “London Fire Brigade has declared a major incident as firefighters battle several significant fires across the capital during today’s record-breaking heatwave.” Assistant commissioner for operational resilience and control Patrick Goulbourne added: “We are also strongly urging people not to have barbecues or bonfires today, as the ground is incredibly dry, which means even the smallest sparks could cause a fire. “Please take care during the heatwave as all emergency services are facing unprecedented challenges.” Read next: France fires: 14,000 forced to evacuate as blaze tears land VIDEOHorror chart shows pattern in UK as a stark warning of extreme weatherPOLL: Are you listening to Met Office advice during heatwave?The popular beach sun seekers should not visit in BLAZING 40C heatLondon fire: 100 firefighters tackle huge blaze at block of flats  