  Strictly Come Dancing presenter Claudia Winkleman gave an insight into her peculiar makeup habits in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk. The star admitted that she still uses eyeliners from “before she was married 22 years ago”.      Claudia, 50, opened up about her makeup routine as she explained her go-to heavy eye makeup look. She said: “I'm obsessed with Charlotte Tilbury - she's got a palette that's called The Rock Chick. “I’m not a rock chick because, as I repeat, I am 50. However, it's damn good, so I use that. “I use anything that makes me look orange,” Claudia continued. “I'll use any old thing - I love her tinted moisturiser. READ MORE: Christian Horner admits 'problem' at home with Geri Halliwell      “I love Mac lipstick and any black I can get hold of… And I’ve got eyeliners from before I was married. “I've been married for 22 years!” Claudia reflected. “So anything - I like Lord & Berry, I like Rimmel, I love No7 black eyeliner. “I will just use anything dark and I'll ram it on my face,” she concluded.      The Strictly presenter then went on to reveal she doesn’t actually take off any of her makeup before she goes to sleep. “I've never ever taken it off before bed,” she said. “I take it off the next morning with my nifty No7 gel which comes in a tube. Fantastic. Don’t have to deal with pot opening. “But no, I sleep in it. I have more fun in my dreams.” READ MORE... Christine McGuinness' pals begged her to leave Paddy [INSIGHT] Martin Freeman admits ‘it’s hard not to feel hurt’ over kids [UPDATE] Sir Ian McKellen mingles with royalty at Wimbledon Day Eight [NEWS]       Asked if she finds her makeup smudges the sheets or pillow cases, Claudia confirmed it does. “Yes, yes it’s disgusting,” she confessed. “With the eyeliner and the spray tan it looks like I've had quite a nasty accident. “You just have to apologise. I just wash it a lot.” Claudia recently teamed up with her Strictly co-star Tess Daly, 53, to promote Boots' No7 Pro Derm Scan.      The new diagnostic service aims to give customers accurate skincare and cosmetic recommendations based on an up-close scan of their skin. Speaking about the futuristic scanning process, Claudia shared her thoughts on the results. “I thought it was gonna hurt but it didn't - and it was really quick,” she revealed excitedly. “They said I needed moisturiser, but they were quite pleased with me! I got lots of greens, which I remember being peased about.” Claudia Winkleman is partnering with No7 to celebrate the launch of Pro Derm Scan, an in-store personalised consultation service with a No7 Beauty Advisor to help you see and understand your skin. Available now in selected Boots stores.   