The Lionesses have been crowned European champions for the first time after Chloe Kelly’s goal in the second half of extra-time seized a 2-1 triumph, enough to beat Germany. Her Majesty has called the win a "significant achievement" and said the team's performance, which enabled England's first major football tournament victory since 1966, has "rightly won praise". The monarch's message read: "My warmest congratulations, and those of my family, go to you all on winning the European Women's Football Championships. It is a significant achievement for the entire team, including your support staff. "The Championships and your performance in them have rightly won praise. However, your success goes far beyond the trophy you have so deservedly earned." READ MORE: Lionesses WIN Euro 2022 final as Wembley goes absolutely wild It added: "You have all set an example that will be an inspiration for girls and women today, and for future generations. It is my hope that you will be as proud of the impact you have had on your sport as you are of the result today." It was signed "Elizabeth R". The Duke of Cambridge, who was at Wembley cheering on the team, also issued a message to the champions. He said: "Sensational. An incredible win, Lionesses, and the whole nation couldn’t be prouder of you all. "Wonderful to see history in the making tonight at Wembley, congratulations! W." A visibly excited Prince William congratulated England forward Beth Mead at the stadium as she was handed the Golden Boot after edging Germany's Alexandra Popp, despite both players finishing on six goals. DON'T MISSSunak's Brexit credentials torn apart as Tory fury erupts [ANALYSIS]Putin health fears: Puffy-faced despot spotted in new pictures [IMAGES]Lightning storm to strike IN HOURS before 30C heatwave [FORECAST] Germany captain Popp, 31, pulled out of the final after suffering an injury in the warm-up. Mead scored in four of England's six games at the home tournament. Meanwhile, Popp, scored in all five of Germany's matches before the final, including both goals in the 2-1 semi-final win over France. Mead's success comes just a year after she was left out of the Team GB squad for the Tokyo Olympics.