This comes as households are dealing with an unprecedented hike in energy bills and the rate of inflation which is exacerbating the cost of living crisis. As it stands, inflation is at a 40-year high of 9.4 percent and is expected to reach 10 percent later in the year. Meanwhile, energy bills are forecast to rise to £3,500 by October. Pensioners are one of the groups which are most likely to be affected by the cost of living crisis crippling the nation. Pete Mugleston, the managing director at www.onlinemoneyadvisor.co.uk, shared what reality older Britons are facing during the cost of living crisis and the options which are available to them. The finance expert addressed the pending return to the triple lock but cited a perhaps lesser known way people see their state pension payments get an ‘uplift’ - by delaying their retirement. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Mr Mugleston explained: “Pensioners are getting caught between ever-rising living costs and smaller available incomes, and many retirees will be hoping the September inflation figure – traditionally used for triple lock – will be in double digits. “A 10 percent rise would mean that those on the new state pension could see their annual income rise from £9,627 to £10,600. READ MORE: State pensioners may be able to increase sum by up to £14.75 weekly “Having said that, there are a number of other ways that people can get an uplift on their state pension before September. “Firstly, you don’t have to take your state pension as soon as you hit 66, if you’d prefer to continue working or have an additional source of income and don’t imminently need your state pension. “You can actually delay it for a slightly higher amount, also for every nine weeks you defer [the new state pension], you’ll get a one percent uplift, as well as paying into your workplace or private pension for longer, meaning you’ll have more money when you eventually decide to retire.” The money expert particularly noted the importance of people checking their benefit entitlement, which in light of the cost of living crisis, has been expanded to help as many people as possible. Notably, a cost of living payment worth £650 is being awarded to those in receipt of Pension Credit. However, many pensioners fail to put forward a claim for those DWP benefits despite being eligible for it. Mr Mugleston is encouraging older people to take advantage of the cost of living assistance being offered to them. He added: “Make sure that you’re set to receive all the money and benefits that you are eligible for – whether that’s National Insurance credits or one-off Government payments and more.  READ MORE: ‘Game over!’ Woman, 42, watches as hackers steal £10,000 in attack “Check eligibility for Pension Credit especially, as Government figures have estimated that nearly a million eligible pensioners in the UK aren’t currently claiming Pension Credit. “An additional one-off payment of £650 has also been promised to those claiming Pension Credit in 2022, as well as the £400 per household off energy bills later this year, which’ll be directly paid to energy suppliers. “Other areas of additional help worth looking into include the Warm Home Discount Scheme, a one-off discount of £150 during the colder months of the year and the Colder Weather Payments – which automatically pays £25 to the individual when the average temperature is below zero degrees celsius.” With energy prices and inflation continuing to soar, the finance expert outlined some cost-saving measures people can take outside of the Government’s latest support package. “To help with energy bill savings for pensioners, simple hacks such as turning off lights and switching off standby appliances at the wall when not using them, as well as closing doors so that occupied rooms can be heated more efficiently or investing in draught excluders will all help to reduce energy usage and subsequently the amount you pay,” Mr Mugleston said. “When it comes to food shopping, try buying supermarket own-brands and don’t just stick to one supermarket – shop in stores like B&M and Home Bargains, especially when looking for bulk buys. “Also, some supermarkets such as Iceland and Food Warehouse are offering weekly discounts for shoppers aged 60 and over, a 10 percent off deal is taking place on Tuesdays from now until at least late July.”