Gregory Itzin's death was confirmed this afternoon [Friday, July 8] by his friend and former colleague on TV drama 24, Jon Cassar. Gregory starred in a plethora of series in his career that spanned more than four decades. Here's everything Express.co.uk knows about Gregory Itzin's life in front of the camera, including his time on NCIS.   Actor Gregory Itzin featured in the first-ever episode of NCIS, Yankee White, back in 2003. He was Agent Kate Todd's (played by Sasha Alexander) boss as FBI Director Charlie. Fans will remember when Kate started taking orders from Agent Leroy Gibbs (Mark Harmon) rather than him. By the end of the premiere episode, Kate was fired from the FBI and offered a job at NCIS. READ MORE: Jane McDonald suffers wardrobe 'disaster' painting challenge    Itzin returned as Director Charlie again in season one's third instalment Seadog. This wasn't the last time Itzin popped up in NCIS either as he returned years later for season 17. He had a minor role as Spencer Downing in the episode Ephemera which aired in 2020. Of course, Itzin was well known for far more than his appearances in NCIS.   One of Itzin's most memorable roles was as Charles Logan in the thrilling series 24, which earned him two Emmy nominations after he made his debut in season four. Logan was one of the main villains in 24, starting as Vice President before moving up to the President of the United States in the fifth series. This was world's away from when he made a cameo appearance in the iconic sitcom Friends as Theodore Hannigan, the father of Phoebe Buffay's (Lisa Kudrow) husband Mike Flanigan (Paul Rudd). He showed up in a few episodes alongside his onscreen wife Bitsy, played by actress Cristine Ross. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Sally Metcalfe heartbroken  [THEORY]Zoe Ball bids farewell to Radio 2 studio amid recent BBC shake-up [CAST]NCIS blunder: Gibbs and SGT interrogation scene consists of error [EXPLAINER]   He will also be remembered for starring in the Star Trek series, playing five different characters in Enterprise, Voyager and Deep Space Nine. Itzin made his first appearance in Star Trek in 1993, before later returning to the franchise. Some of his other roles have been in The Mentalist, Murder One, The OC, CSI and Boston Legal. He was also in the Steven Spielberg movie Lincoln back in 2013 as Judge John A. Campbell.    Former 24 executive producer and director Jon Cassar tweeted: "My friend Greg Itzin passed away today. "He was one of the most talented actors I had the honor to work with, but more than that he was an all-around great guy. "He’ll be missed by his 24 family who had nothing but love & respect for him. "You made your mark, now Rest In Peace friend." (sic) NCIS is available to watch on CBS in America and Disney+ in the UK. 