Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag has said he will promote from within should the club fail to land Frenkie de Jong this summer. The Barcelona star is the 52-year-old’s top target at Old Trafford. But, despite a fee being agreed, there’s still no indication a move will go ahead. Manchester United have agreed to pay £63million for De Jong. But the midfielder is reluctant to leave Barcelona behind, especially with the Catalan giants owing him a huge £17m in deferred wages. De Jong has always dreamed of playing for Barcelona, having vacationed there as a child. He’s won just the Copa del Rey throughout his three years at the club since arriving from Ajax back in the summer transfer window of 2019. And, now, Ten Hag has suggested he is ready to promote from within should the Netherlands international fail to arrive. “We're looking for a player who can play in the holding midfield position, but it has to be the right one,” said the 52-year-old. “There are not many in that position capable of the level we demand. Man Utd transfers: Barcelona draw up De Jong punishment plan “When we can’t find him, we have to deal with the players in our squad now and we will develop one in that position. “We need the right player. We have a list and we will strike the moment the player is available.” In past windows, United have signed English players. In 2019, Ole Gunnar Solskjaer recruited Aaron Wan-Bissaka and Harry Maguire from Crystal Palace and Leicester respectively. And, last year, Jadon Sancho arrived from Borussia Dortmund. Ten Hag has now revealed he’d love to target stars from these shores but, due to the inflated market, that’s easier said than done. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Man Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leave Man Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong “I would like to sign English players, because I think there is only one criteria and that's quality in combination with the price,” said ten Hag. “It looks like English players are quite expensive. It's a fact you cannot deny. “In the end, it's about quality.” At United, Ten Hag has sought to install discipline after their shambolic season under Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick. Players aren’t allowed on their phones at meal times, while they will be dropped if they’re late for training. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. And Ten Hag has explained his approach, saying: “I think one of the issues, when you want to get results, is that you need a team. “It's organisation, co-operation and you also need discipline. When there's no discipline around, you will not find it on the pitch as well. With such issues, I’m quite severe. “But I think it's on the players themselves to also be severe to each other, because if they want to achieve success, they have to stick together. Sometimes there is a need for correction. “It's a process and everyone has to stick together. There has to be a structure in the team, a platform for how we can win games. “I have a clear idea about strategy. The way I want to play football, but also in the way a top football club has to be structured. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “We talked [with the club] about those ideas and we agreed on the structures and the way we play football. Now we have to implement that.” Ten Hag then elaborated on another mission of his: rebuilding confidence. “You can see it affects the players,” said Ten Hag. “Now we have to cheer them up and motivate them. We're trying to bring the confidence back. “That is one of the important points to get success - you have self-belief as an individual and as a team.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here