The Duke and Duchess of Sussex settled into the affluent and star-studded neighbourhood of Montecito, California, after stepping back from royal life in 2020. Since making the move across the pond, the couple welcomed one-year-old Lilibet, younger sister to Archie, three. The family now resides in an £11 million mansion, complete with a private pool, gym, spa and wine cellar. But a source has claimed that Prince Harry, 37, is “up at the crack of dawn” making sure his two young children are ready for the day. He will often play “chauffeur” to wife Meghan as she zips into Los Angeles, but will be constantly thinking of returning to Archie and Lilibet. The source claimed: “He’s up at the crack of dawn getting the kids fed, washed and dressed. “Meghan’s often very busy on business Zoom calls, or nipping into LA for meetings, which Harry often chauffeurs her to. “Then he’s back to the kids as soon as possible because he doesn’t like leaving them with nannies.” The source then pointed to Meghan’s potential foray into US politics, and how this could impact the couple’s dynamic. They told Closer: “With all this speculation around her political career ambitions, everyone thinks Harry would be happy at the idea of being First Gentleman if she accomplishes her long-term goal. READ MORE: Oprah’s advice to Harry and Meghan amid row “Having said that, he might be fine with it right now – but you have to wonder for how much longer.” This comes as the Duke and Duchess gear up for their first official engagement since returning to the US from the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations. The pair will head to New York, where Prince Harry will deliver a speech to the UN General Assembly on Monday. The Duchess has previously weighed in on contemporary US politics, speaking to American journalist Gloria Steinem about the Roe v Wade ruling. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan and Harry row over announcement [LIVE] Royal POLL: Should Prince Andrew continue to push for royal return? [VOTE] Sophie Wessex's popularity plummets in latest Royal Family poll [REVEAL] The landmark 1973 judgement was overturned by the US Supreme Court last month, with guarantees of abortion access in some states falling away as the constitutional right to abortion was scrapped. Meghan told Vogue magazine: "I know what it feels like to have a connection to what is growing inside of your body. "What happens with our bodies is so deeply personal, which can also lead to silence and stigma, even though so many of us deal with personal health crises." She described how, by increasing debate and conservation around the topic, there would be heightened awareness of "how necessary it is to have protections in place". She continued: "Frankly, whether it’s a woman being put in an unthinkable situation, a woman not ready to start a family, or even a couple who deserve to plan their family in a way that makes the most sense for them, it’s about having a choice." Professor Pauline MacLaran of Royal Holloway, University of London, then argued this interview showed a shift towards political-mindedness in the Duchess. She told Express.co.uk: "I feel as though Meghan is making it pretty clear that she’s interested in the political activism side."