Britons hoping to make the most of the warm weather in France have been “let down” by French border officers who “didn’t turn up for work”. But that hasn’t stopped Remainers claiming that before the UK left, there were “no borders” and therefore “none of these problems”. The Port of Dover has declared a “critical incident” after queues at the border grew to six hours long, and has warned tourists to stay away while they try to bring the delays down. Doug Bannister, the Kent port’s chief executive, apologised to affected travellers in an interview with the BBC. He said: “To be let down in the way that we have, with inadequate resources and slow processes through the [French] border, is just immensely frustrating.” In a statement, the port attacked the French authorities for “woefully inadequate” resourcing. READ MORE: Fury at ‘elites’ deriding Brexit Britain as Eurozone crisis looms With many schools breaking up this week for the summer, this Friday was supposed to be one of the busiest for the terminal. Mr Bannister predicted tomorrow (Saturday) is also likely to be busy, adding it was “just the start of a very busy summer for us”. Local MP Natalie Elphicke claimed that despite weeks of planning between British and French counterparts, “French border officers didn't turn up for work at the passport controls as needed. This has caused massive delays.” The UK was never part of the Schengen area – the internal zone of the bloc that allows for completely free movement of people. As such, passport checks were always necessary. The only element which has changed since Brexit is the requirement that British passports need a stamp on entry and exit from an EU country. However, for some Remainers, the delays are not a sign of French incompetence, but of Brexit gone wrong. One person – who evidently travelled often to the EU before Brexit – asked: “What passport control was required at Dover between the UK and France before Brexit? “Since Brexit, you have French passport control at Dover and again at your destination port... So this is the cost of the independence you have won.” DON'T MISS:Hated Brexit deal ‘could shatter UK’ [OPINION]Farage blasts those blaming conflict in Ukraine for inflation [REACTION]Britons blast Tories and Labour who are ‘as bad as each other’ [REPORT] Meanwhile, writing on Twitter, Amanda Letch commented: “Oh dear, before Brexit there were no borders so none of these problems. “This chaos was predicted, but all we kept hearing from Brexiteers was ‘project fear’. We have to have our passport stamped now.” In response to the latter, Dr Julia Reid, a former Brexit Party MEP for the region, shot back: “The UK is not in Schengen – so even when in the EU, UK citizens still had to show their passports when leaving/entering the UK. “At airports in the EU there are separate gates for people, when flying from one member state to another, who come from countries outside the Schengen Area.” The Port of Dover reported increased French police resources at the border this morning and that traffic was beginning to move, but that it would still take some time to clear the backlog. Mr Bannister said the port had shared “granular detail” on an “hour-by-hour basis” with the French authorities on how much traffic was anticipated. He argued it was therefore “completely known what we needed to have in place at the French border”. The French police authority responsible for the border crossing claimed the delays had been caused by an “unexpected technical incident”. The port urged “French colleagues to adequately resource the border, not just to relieve the current situation, but for the rest of the weekend and indeed the rest of the summer”. It also called on the UK Government to continue working with France to “get families on their holidays and to keep essential trade moving”.