Manchester United's headline sponsors have been left disappointed by Cristiano Ronaldo's push to leave the club after just one season. Ronaldo's summer exit would profoundly impact United on the pitch after his impressive efforts throughout the 2021/22 campaign, but the club would also feel considerable effects off it. According to the Mirror, club sponsors including Team Viewer, entering their second season on the front of the shirt, are unhappy with the 37-year-old striker's desire to depart. Ronaldo, one of the greatest footballers of all time, has become an iconic brand with his signature number seven, so sponsors understandably want to maximise his global pull. His sensational Old Trafford return last summer sent shockwaves throughout the football world and saw United recoup his £12million transfer fee within days of the transfer's completion. He's headlined many of the Red Devils' social media and brand campaigns since re-joining, helping them commercially thrive despite a disastrous season. The report adds that United's empire of sponsors, especially those based in the Far East, are eager for Ronaldo to stay put for as long as possible so they can take advantage of his undisputed reach. But with two weeks to go until the 2022/23 campaign gets underway, the Portugal international's situation remains unresolved. JUST IN: Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag admits lesson learned in Aston Villa draw  It's also claimed that United have made an interesting play to tempt Ronaldo to remain in M16 beyond 2023. The club are said to be willing to let him leave this summer, but only on loan and if he agrees to trigger a one-year extension in the two-year contract he signed in 2021. Atletico Madrid currently seems to be his most likely destination, with Ronaldo eyeing a return to the Spanish capital and Los Rojiblancos keen to accommodate that desire. Any move is set to depend on the futures of Alvaro Morata and Matheus Cunha, who could both leave the Wanda Metropolitano this summer. READ MORE: Arsenal boss Arteta tipped to lose his job after £120m spending spree  Ronaldo missed United's pre-season tour of Thailand and Australia for family reasons but has been pictured on social media preparing for the new season. With Erik ten Hag and his squad expected to return to Carrington next week, the wantaway forward's status remains unclear. After impressive performances as part of a fluid attack in United's four pre-season games so far, Anthony Martial is expected to start the new campaign as Ten Hag's first-choice striker. And with the Dutchman eyeing an attacking signing in the coming weeks, he could be prepared to go without Ronaldo, despite his public stance. Click HERE to buy the new Man Utd home shirt