The forecaster today issued a fresh yellow weather warning for much of the south west, with a risk of thunderstorms hitting parts of the West Country, Wales, the south east and Herefordshire in the West Midlands between 10am and 10pm tomorrow. It comes just days after the country cooked in intense temperatures of 39C, with some places reaching a record-breaking 40C. Thunder and lightning already ravaged parts of the south as the mercury began to drop on Tuesday night, but now the Met Office is insisting there is more to come. It says tomorrow’s storms could bring power cuts, flash flooding, disruption to public transport and imminent road closures.  While the likelihood of storms in the east and parts of the south east remains relatively low, there is still a risk of downpours. That’s according to Jim Dale, senior meteorologist at British Weather Services. He told Express.co.uk: “The main rain for Friday will be in the English Channel - so East and West Sussex and South Kent are the main risk areas. “London will be fractional unless they get a sporadic thunderstorm.”  While Mr Dale was not able to offer any specifics on the chances of thunderstorms in the capital, he did go into some detail about air stability in the south, which would contribute to such a weather event. “The air is unstable in the south,” he added. “So I can’t rule it out for a few but we may be chasing shadows for the many.” Meteorological weather map model, WX Charts, shows intense showers will cluster in the south west from early tomorrow morning. READ MORE: Flight attendants at Heathrow share unruly passenger nightmare It does not yet show anything marginal heading towards the south east. The Met Office weather warning says: “While some areas will remain dry, slow moving, heavy thunderstorms are likely to develop from mid to late morning, likely peaking during the afternoon and early evening before decaying later. “Where thunderstorms do occur, 20-25 mm of rain is possible in less than an hour, and 40-50 mm could fall in two or three hours. “Hail and frequent lightning are potential additional hazards.”  DON'T MISS:Leadership contest has left Tories with toxic divide [INSIGHT]The Tory debates were a joke - where was the talk on real issues? [ANALYSIS]‘Genuine dislike’ Tory leadership rivalry set to turn ‘very personal' [REVEAL]  Looking towards the weekend, rain is set to remain in the south west with on-and-off showers lashing the north until at least Monday. For London it could not be more different, with the Met Office forecast for the city adding: “Dry with sunny spells Saturday and Sunday. “Sunny spells and isolated showers Monday. Trending warmer again, perhaps hot on Sunday.” 