The third-in-line to the throne has been appearing more and more in public over the past months, as his parents Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, and Prince William slowly but surely introduce him to royal duties. During one of the past events attended by both the Duke of Cambridge and his eldest son, body language expert Judi James spotted elements of the unique bond between the two heirs to the throne. While analysing the public appearances made by Prince George over the past 12 months, Ms James individuated the two EURO 2020 matches attended by the child with his parents in July 2021 as the moments when the public started to see him growing more confident than he had ever appeared in the past. And she noticed how, during the EURO 2020 final match, the third-in-line's body language with Prince William was almost one that friends would share rather than father and son. She told Express.co.uk: "Prior to that event we’d seen George holding his dad’s hand and sticking to his side but suddenly, in front of the hugest crowd, he was sitting in the middle between William and Kate, with a large spatial gap on either side. "George can, like his father and grandmother, show body language signals of shyness but at the Euros we saw a more confident side emerge. "He clearly still mirrored William, even copying his dad’s smart suit and tie combo, but his body language rituals were not all about checking and copying. "The pair seemed to enjoy the match almost like friends, relishing and celebrating every good moment but with Kate performing some gentle touches of support after the end result. "It was heart-warming to see George able to enjoy himself in an uninhibited way during the match but to also show off his learned talent for royal behaviour in public." Ms James's analysis comes after a source claimed Prince George is a "daddy's boy" who shares many passions with Prince William. READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Prince Harry 'know time in limelight is limited' They told Us Weekly: "It’s not just their physical resemblance, they’ve got a ton of the same interests and hobbies in common – even helicopters!" The two future kings are known to both be keen football fans - with William known to be an Aston Villa supporter while his son is rumoured to be cheering for Chelsea FC. George also loves rugby, as he showed in February when he attended with his parents the Wales v England match part of the Six Nations tournament. Prior to the kick-off, the youngster spoke to representatives of the two teams - of which his parents are the patrons - about his training at Thomas's Battersea school.  Earlier this month, William, Kate and Prince George publicly shared once again their passion for sports as they headed to Wimbledon together for the men's singles final. Despite the sweltering temperatures, George donned a suit and tie throughout his public appearance on the stand - much like his father. According to royal commentator Neil Sean, Prince William told his son he could take off his jacket to find some relief from the heat, but the boy refused as he wanted to imitate his father. Mr Sean said in a video published on his YouTube account: "He liked to follow suit about what his father is doing. "To all those saying, it's unfair, he's an eight-year-old boy. "This is tradition. This is what George will have to get used to. "He's representing our monarch even at this very young age but more importantly what all little boys want to do, he wanted to be like his dad and keep his jacket on." While Ms James has seen George's body language becoming more confident and growing into his future role over the past 12 months, she said the third-in-line still behaves like a normal child. She said: "We now see less hand-holding with William on formal royal outings but, thankfully, we can still see a boy confident enough to behave normally and show his emotions as he watched Wimbledon." Prince George turned nine on Friday and celebrated his birthday away from the public eye. Nevertheless, royal fans were able to celebrate the boy's big day as Kensington Palace released a picture taken by Kate of the boy smiling.