National Highways South East said three lanes out of four are closed on the M25 anti-clockwise between Junction 10 for the A3 and Junction 9 (Leatherhead) due to a crash involving an overturned car. It has warned motorists of 2.5 miles of queues on the approach and to allow plenty of extra travel time.   National Highways tweeted in an update that lanes three and four are open past the scene on the M25 anti-clockwise between J10 and J9. It added lanes one and two remain closed. The agency said there is congestion for about five miles on the approach, causing 40 minute delays above normal travel time. National Highways warned: "Please plan ahead and avoid the area if possible." A Surrey Police spokeswoman said the force was called at about 5.10pm following reports of a two-vehicle collision on the M25 anti-clockwise carriageway between Junction 9 and 10. She added: "We attended the scene alongside National Highways and Surrey Fire and Rescue Service. Three lanes were closed to allow emergency services to deal with an overturned car. One person has reported minor injuries."  It follows an accident earlier today which left a person with minor injuries. It happened between Junction 7 and Junction 8 on the M25 and caused six mile queues. A spokesperson for Surrey Police said the force was called at 9.05am to reports of a two vehicle collision on the M25 at Junction 8. They added: "One of the drivers received minor injuries and lanes three and four were closed while the incident was dealt with. All lanes were reopened by 9.45am." National Highways has also warned of delays on the M25 anti-clockwise at Junction J2.  READ MORE ABOUT MEGHAN SAVAGED BY HOLLYWOOD It reported delays of up to 10 minutes with normal traffic conditions expected between 6pm and 6.15pm today. The rush hour chaos comes after long delays returned to the Port of Dover this morning. Ferry operator P&O Ferries warned passengers of major queues and to expect a two-hour wait to complete checks before they could board a ship. It comes after tens of thousands of families saw their holiday plans ruined last week due to miles of gridlocked traffic around the Kent port.  DON'T MISS: EU unity crumbles with three nations using almost half the electricity [REVEALED] Ukraine LIVE: Russian families pull rug from under Putin [LATEST] Royal Family LIVE: New masterplan to scupper Meghan and Harry in US [REPORT]  This was blamed on a combination of French border control not being fully staffed and a serious crash on the M20 motorway. P&O Ferries posted on Twitter: "There are currently major queues at border controls in Dover. "Please allow up to two hours to complete all checks ahead of your sailing. "If you miss your sailing, or if you complete the checks early, we will put you on the first available sailing when you check in."    The summer getaway saw nearly 142,000 people travel through the Port of Dover last weekend with delays and collisions leaving holidaymakers and lorry drivers queueing for hours. Freight and holiday traffic trying to find a way through to the Kent port on Friday flooded local roads, causing gridlock and disruption for locals compounded by a crash between a lorry and a van on the M20. There are fears of a repeat of the gridlock this weekend as more holidaymakers head to Europe during the school summer break. John Angell, who owns a jewellers on the town's Biggin Street, says delays at the port cause gridlock in the town two or three times a year - but the Government needs to do more to prevent it from happening again.  Mr Angell, who is also chair of the Dover Town Team, said: "This isn't unusual, we normally see this happen two or three times per year, I have been in business for nearly 50 years and we have seen it every year. This has been going on for so long that we just get used to working through the situation. "Four of our staff live in walking distance so we could get in, but our customers couldn't get in - the town was very quiet. It does no good for the town, it's bad publicity and for the cafes and restaurants they lose a good two or three days of trade over the weekend. "The mood of local businesses is frustration at the fact this happens so regularly, but it's something we have to learn to live with. It's not a local problem, it's an international problem, and the Government has to talk to the French to sort it out. "We are in the hands of the French. If they don't man the customs or immigration points during the busiest weekend of the year it doesn't take long for delays to back up." 