And while high-profile party members are making their bid to move the country on from Boris Johnson’s exit, it is clear that this battle will be fought over two things: low taxes and “the woke”. While the former is a return to core Conservative values, especially during a cost-of-living crisis, the latter is a more existential threat to this country. Woke culture has had our political elite unable to answer simple questions like “What is a woman?”, while advocating the ridiculous usage of “gender-affirming” pronouns and endorsing an ever-self-flagellating, one-dimensional view of British history. The woke’s presumed fight for social justice has left this country more deeply divided than ever. Boris was aware of this but his statements didn’t go far enough. The next Tory leader must ensure that women’s rights are protected. This means that issues around sex-segregated toilets, women’s sports and even women-only prisons are not infiltrated by woke, pseudo-scientific gender ideology. But the work doesn’t stop there. The weaponisation of race and identity by the Left has set back race relations by decades. Black Lives Matter was the catalyst and things have gone downhill ever since. Sir Keir Starmer’s Labour Party calls for more diversity in virtually all aspects of public life – from diversity quotas to side-lining straight white men in certain high-profile jobs. The party has been relentless in its push for diversity. But, on the other hand, darlings of the Left routinely hurl racist abuse at ethnic-minority figures, like Priti Patel and Sajid Javid, who take a political stance they disagree with. For asserting that Britain is a great place to live and not an inherently racist hellscape, I myself have been the subject of hate campaigns. It is obvious that if we allow the Left in this country to have its way, the only type of non-white voices that will be welcome are ones that toe the woke line of thinking. The next Tory leader must have a love for Britain. Back in the 60s and 70s, one thing that united the working and middle classes was a love for Britain. It was an appreciation that the values the country stood for were good and worth fighting for. Even with a history that was blighted by atrocities, our ability to learn and evolve made British values the envy of the world – values that have been translated into organisations like the Commonwealth. Where the Left would prefer our leaders to cringe at singing the national anthem or avoid propagating the best of Britain to the world in fear of “offending” the perpetually offended, our next Prime Minister must do the opposite. They must extol the values that have made our democracy stand the test of time for all of these years. Most importantly, Britain’s next premier must win this war on “the woke” so that we save this country from those who would change it beyond recognition.