A cool breeze is what most of us expect when we plug in a table or tower fan, so it can be unpleasant when a wave of dust appears in front of you instead. While you can’t always see it, these handy tools can gather a lot of dirt as they spin around, and require regular cleaning to keep it at bay. No matter what type of fan you have, cleaning dust and grime is easy to do in just a matter of minutes - and all you need is a few simple ingredients. Keeping fans clean is crucial to reduce allergies and irritation from dust blowing around your home, but also to keep the motor in good condition. Floor, table and windows fans are usually lightweight and portable which makes them incredibly easy to wipe down and wash. To ensure every speck of dust is removed from the grilles, you will need to take a multi-step approach, starting with vacuuming. READ MORE: Kim Woodburn's cheap, potent vinegar solution to eliminate limescale Before cleaning any type of fan, make sure that the unit is unplugged from the wall outlet. Using a handheld or full-sized vacuum with a dusting brush attachment, carefully glide over both sides of the fan and the base. Get in between the grooves as much as possible to remove surface dirt and dust. If you are struggling to get to those hard-to-reach spots, blast a hairdryer over the fan to disperse the particles. Try to do this outside where possible to avoid spreading dust around the room. Damp dusting works best to collect any remaining specks lurking in your fan. Take a microfiber cloth and rinse it under some tap water to lightly wet the fabric. Wipe away any smudges and stains on the fan, paying close attention to the base and casing. For kitchen fans, spritz a few drops of degreaser onto the cloth before wiping to cut through any grease and grime which may have settled on the surface. DON'T MISS:How to prune lavender and what to do with the cuttings [INSIGHT]Do I need dishwasher salt? Limescale cleaning hack fact-checked [REVEAL]How to fix sun-damaged furniture - 3 hacks to restore surfaces [ANALYSIS] If you can’t access the blades of your fan, the best way to clean it is to use a cleansing spray and the turn the fan on for five minutes This simple TikTok approved hack uses a mixture of white vinegar, a few drops of essential oil, and a spoonful of baking soda in a bottle, which is shaken up and sprayed onto the grilles of the fan. Use a plastic bag to cover the grooves once you have sprayed the liquid, and plug it in for a few minutes. The bag should catch any dirt blown out as the fan moves, leaving the blades free of unpleasant residue. Fabric softener is often recommended as a fragrant and effective dusting ingredient, but it should be avoided when it comes to fans. This is because the liquid can leave your fan sticky, which makes it more likely to cling to airborne dust, rather than get rid of it. Water should also be avoided in large quantities as this can be dangerous when the fan is plugged back in. Instead, stick to white vinegar or commercial degreasing agents and always use them in small quantities while dusting the appliance.