The Duchess of Cambridge perfectly blended in with fellow parents as she headed to a trampolining park in south-west London, a source has claimed. Kate attracted little attention to herself as she was seen keeping an eye on her sons having fun at the activity centre. A source told Hello! magazine: "Kate takes her kids to the trampoline park quite regularly and really blends in as any other mum. "She went a couple of Saturdays ago with George and Louis and took her shoes off like everyone else, and was walking around the edge of the trampolines following her sons. "It was a very down-to-earth mum moment, very sweet." This isn't the first time reports of the Duchess spending low-key time with her children emerge. In April it was claimed Kate was seen enjoying a game of tennis while at the exclusive Hurlingham Club in Fulham, accompanied by George, Louis and Princess Charlotte. Last November, the Duchess and her children were reportedly seen having a pub lunch with Prince William. And in October 2019, the family was photographed in the stands at Carrow Road, where they cheered for Aston Villa in a match against Norfolk. Kate and Prince William are known to be striving to give their children a childhood as normal as possible despite their current and future roles in the Royal Family. READ MORE: Meghan Markle apparently thrilled to be 'cleared' in Palace probe During the Platinum Jubilee bank holiday weekend, royal fans were delighted to see George, Charlotte and Louis taking the spotlight on several occasions. During this milestone year for the Queen, the children debuted on the carriage procession ahead of the Trooping the Colour parade. Sharing the carriage with Kate and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, the little Cambridges waved and smiled at the thousands of people lined up on The Mall. In a hilarious moment, seven-year-old Charlotte was also spotted peeping into Camilla's bag while on the carriage. Prince Louis stole the show as working royals gathered on the balcony of Buckingham Palace to watch the RAF flypast. The four-year-old was seen chatting with the Queen and vividly expressing his emotions as the Red Arrows and other aircraft flew over him. Little Louis took the centre stage once again on June 5, as the royals gathered to watch the Platinum Jubilee Pageant. The boy was spotted playing with his cousins Mia Tindall and Savannah Phillips as well as sticking his tongue out to Kate. But he was also caught on camera while being cuddled by his mum and dad. And, melting the hearts of royal watchers, he was seen heading to his grandfather Prince Charles to sit on his lap and enjoy the show also with him. During this momentous bank holiday weekend, Prince George and Princess Charlotte marked an important first as they headed to Wales for an official engagement with their parents. On their first official visit to Cardiff Castle, the young royals took part in a walkabout, during which they received flowers. They also met staff and performers ahead of the local Jubilee concert, before returning to London to attend the Party at the Palace held outside the Queen's residence. The three children are now preparing to enjoy the summer holidays, with the school year coming to a close this week.