The leader of the Labour party was seen smiling and laughing at the tennis tournament on Thursday afternoon. Questioned about why he thought it was appropriate to attend Wimbledon after Mr Johnson’s resignation, Angela Rayner claimed Starmer was supporting the economy. But Kate Garraway disagreed and claimed it wasn’t a good look for the Labour leader. Rayner remarked: “I think it was actually, you know, because Keir Starmer was in parliament all day yesterday. “You saw him on the TV screens, he did many interviews and I think it’s right that he shows… “You know I was criticised for going to the opera, why shouldn’t we celebrate our arts and our sports and our culture in this country? “It brings a big economic boost to our country as well and Keir Starmer has shown that he’s getting on with the job. READ MORE: Jeff Hordley addresses 'upset' over Emmerdale co-star's exit “He can show his face in public.” Laughing, Garraway hit back: “Getting on with the job going to Wimbledon? “Sorry Angela but that’s not how people are seeing it. “It looks like he’s not in there tackling what people are worried about and is having fun. That’s the criticism.” Rayner scrambled: “I disagree with that because if you look at the interviews yesterday, Keir Starmer spoke to the British public yesterday, he put forward what Labours plans are for our economy because we’ve had 12 years of stagnation under the Conservatives, we’ve got a cost of living crisis. “Labour has put forward our plan on how we’d solve those problems and Keir Starmer is entitled to go and have events as well outside of doing TV interviews. “I don’t think the British public as seeing it that he’s not doing the job. I think quite frankly, he’s been shown to be doing the job. “This idea that politicians are not able to do those things as well, is most people in this country realise you can do your day job and do it incredibly well as well as having a social life and see your wife occasionally. DON'T MISS...Piers Morgan speaks out after pig worries Martin Lewis' wife Lara [LATEST]Kate Garraway unveils ripped trousers after 'audible' wardrobe blunder [PICTURES]Kate Garraway’s trousers ‘split wide open’ as GMB host panics [VIDEO] “I think it’s quite appropriate for Keir to do that and to celebrate Wimbledon and the economic benefits it brings to this country as well. “I think it’s the right thing to do. He was on the TV screens, he was in work yesterday, I spoke to him yesterday and you know, he’s doing the job of Opposition and the job in waiting and he’s doing a better job of proving he would be a better Prime Minister than the one we’ve got.” Good Morning Britain viewers took to Twitter to comment on the interview with some slamming Garraway’s questioning. “Wow…not biased at all. Kier you’re not allowed to have a day, like thousands of other Brits, at the tennis!” @MovementViews tweeted. Mel Griffiths added: “Awful questioning labour are not in government they don't pick the Tory leader so what is the problem of KS going to the tennis what on earth was he supposed to do.” “Yesterday was all about Boris Johnson so Keir Starmer took a day off,god for him,” Joan Wilcox shared. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays on ITV from 6am.