A flight attendant who goes by Cierra Mist shares insight into her life in the air. The cabin crew professional has amassed a huge 3.1 million followers on TikTok thanks to her insight. She listed two "secrets about pilots and flight attendants that I bet you didn't know about." Cierra told travellers flight attendants never to drink tea or coffee on the plane unless they absolutely have to. She said: "Unless we're super desperate, we will not drink the coffee or tea that's supplied on the plane." She explained why, in an admission that might turn the stomach of passengers. Cierra said: "The water that we use for the coffee and the tea, comes from the same spot, and guess what, it never gets cleaned." She claimed it can take a while for airlines to carry out tests. The tests can take a long time, she said, and water machines are only cleaned if the test indicates they need to be. She said: "While the airlines may tell passengers they do regular water quality tests, we are told that it takes about six to nine months for even one test on one plane to happen. "Then, they're not going to clean out that tank unless they find something." Cierra is far from the only flight attendant to warn against drinking water on the plane. Kat Kamalani is a former flight attendant. She said: "Never consume any liquid that is not in a can or a bottle. The reason being is because those water tanks are never cleaned and they are disgusting. "Talk to a flight attendant, we rarely, rarely drink the coffee or tea that comes from the same water tank. "So when you are drinking that coffee and tea that comes from that hot water and it's absolutely disgusting." Cierra also told followers that flight attendants and other crew wear sunscreen when they fly. The flight attendant said: "We're always wearing sunscreen when we work. We do this because we fly around in a metal tube around 35,000 feet every single day. "That's really close to the ozone layer. In fact, we're so exposed to radiation that health insurance will label us the same as an astronaut or a radiologist." It's a good idea for passengers to wear sunscreen on a flight too. There is a great risk of skin damage on a plane. Being closer to the ozone layer means the sun's rays are more powerful. The stronger UVA rays passengers will face on flights penetrate deeply into the skin and can cause signs of aging or even skin cancer. A flight attendant tip recently detailed how to "100 percent guarantee" your luggage will not get lost. Flight attendant Cici posts her travel expertise to her TikTok account cici_inthesky, where she boasts over 30k followers. Cici said: "Multiple people have used Apple AirTag to find their bags that have been lost." The Apple AirTag is a device from the Apple brand. It is a tag that can be used to keep on top of your items.