Kate Bush, 64, had her first big hit aged just 19 with Wuthering Heights and went on to create many best-selling singles. As Netflix rebirths Kate's legendary music, Express.co.uk looks back at the inspiration behind The Man With The Child In His Eyes. The 1978 single on her debut album The Kick Inside was first believed to be about Pink Floyd's guitarist David Gilmour, one of her musical mentors. However, the 30-year puzzle was explained in 2010 when Kate's first love stepped forward with a letter including the lyrics to the song on sale for £10,000. Kate has never spoken about the inspiration behind the song, but her childhood sweetheart Steve Blacknell, has revealed the story behind the touching lyrics. He said: "By the spring of 1975 she had become my first true love. She had her heart set on becoming a star and I was going to be a DJ. READ MORE: Frank Sinatra and Arnold Schwarzenegger turned down same iconic role "In the summer of 1975, I finally got my break and landed a job as a marketing assistant with Decca Records. "It was then that I thought I was equipped to hear her music and it was a day I’ll never forget. I went round to her house and she led me to the room where the piano was. "I thought ‘Oh my God’. What I heard made my soul stand on end. I realised there and then that I was in love with a genius.” He added: "As things heated up for her, our relationship cooled and we drifted apart. "But I’ve been told by those around her that I was indeed The Man With The Child In His Eyes and I know that those words were given to me by someone very special. "I’m proud to have known and loved her." Kate recorded the song at the age of 16 in 1975 at Air Studios in London. DON'T MISS... Clint Eastwood's first child was a secret daughter who was adopted [INSIGHT] Neighbours fans voice confusion over Kylie Minogue's appearance [COMMENT] Jamie Redknapp's wife Frida, 38, shares jaw-dropping bikini snap [PICS] She said that recording the song with such a large orchestra terrified her at the time. The song received the Ivor Novello Award for Outstanding Best Lyric in 1979. David also spoke about Kate's desire when they were younger to be successful in music. He revealed: "She had her heart set on becoming a global star and I was going to be a flash DJ. "One day I would introduce her on Top Of The Pops. "In the summer of 1975, I finally got my break and landed a job as a marketing assistant with Decca Records.' "It was then that I finally thought I was equipped to hear her music and it was a day I'll never forget. "I went round to her house and she led me to the room where the piano was."