Camilla Parker Bowles was seen last night wearing a stunning navy blue jumpsuit to the opening ceremony of the Commonwealth Games. The outfit wasn’t a surprising option as Camila often dons blue, suggesting it is her favourite colour. But there may be other meanings behind the choice of colour, according to experts. Personal stylist and fashion expert Samantha Harman spoke to Express.co.uk about the significance of the colour blue. She noted that many of Camilla’s outfits are blue – perhaps because it suits the Duchess’ eye colour and skin tone. But also perhaps of the meaning of the colour itself. Samantha said: “We often see Camilla in blue. It’s a colour of confidence, composure and calm. READ MORE: Meghan Markle’s new ring has hidden political message “And of course, it makes the colour of her eyes pop.” Samnatha explained that “in colour psychology, blue signals that you’re ‘in safe hands’”. Blue suits many skin tones and comes in various hues. Sometimes, Camilla dons bright blues, while other times the shades are daker or more subdued. DON'T MISS: Easy way to deep clean a ‘filthy’ rug in less than 10 minutes [VIDEO]Keep bread fresh & mould-free for 3 wks with quirky food storage hack [EXPERT]Easy way to clean pillows without a washing machine [COMMENT] The Duchess of Cornwall also regularly wears the same clothes she has had for years. This was the case last night when she recycled her Anna Valentine navy blue jumpsuit. The last time the Duchess wore this jumpsuit was on her royal tour to New Zealand in 2019. The garment featured three-quarter sleeves with a white stripe on each cuff, and wide-leg trousers. It also had a zip running down its centre. Samnatha went on to explain why Camilla often chooses to re-wear her clothes, saying: “We can probably imagine that Camilla has an extensive wardrobe, so probably doesn’t need to buy more and has plenty of options available. “Whilst we’ve seen her experiment more in recent years, she still has a very ‘classic British heritage’ style. “At a time of a cost of living crisis, the royals will be mindful of public feeling if they’re seen to be buying lots of new clothes. “From a sustainability perspective, we should all be wearing our clothes much more,” Samantha added. “Keeping and wearing an item for nine months longer would reduce its carbon footprint by 20 to 30 percent.” Samantha noted how Camilla wears a lot of green too – perhaps because it is one of her favourite colours, but also because it could “convey a subtle message”. “Green is the colour of balance, harmony and renewal,” she said.