Eamonn Holmes, 62, has discussed the “surreal” moment he shared with his wife and former This Morning co-star Ruth Langsford as he picked up the gong for News Anchor of the year. The GB News presenter received the Television and Radio Industries Club award, which was presented to him by Ruth last Wednesday. In the star's latest Express.co.uk column, Eamonn stressed how being bestowed with the award from Ruth was “surreal”, but “super special”. He said: “Receiving the award from my wife Ruth was a bit surreal - but super-special. “What I really wanted to make clear was that it was voted for by the public, who obviously have a different view of my abilities than ITV does. “And what a six months it has been since myself and This Morning parted ways. READ MORE: Jeremy Vine's Storm Huntley welcomes baby boy and fans ‘love his name' “In that short time GB News has well and truly shaken things up in the Broadcast News market. Breakfast with Eamonn and Isabel is bound by the same regulatory rules as all the other News channels.” It comes after the anchor took the opportunity in a Q&A in the winners’ room to discuss what went wrong with ITV. Along with Ruth, Eamonn was replaced on This Morning by Alison Hammond, 47, and Dermot O’Leary, 49, after 15 years of presenting the Friday slot. Ranting about how ITV chose to “leave him” he said: “The ministry of lies, their press office, of course, which chunder out the same sort of... yeah, the ministry of lies. “So the point is I did not resign from ITV, ITV resigned from me, and I never received a single explanation once of why they wanted rid of me, so that was that. “No matter what you’ve been told. “And also the sort of stuff that comes out: ‘Eamonn believes he’s male, pale and stale’. It doesn't look like it, does it? Never once said it, ITV press office said that.” The star also denied that the episode made things awkward for Ruth, who still works with ITV on Loose Women. DON'T MISS... ‘I may have to have surgery’ Eamonn Holmes shares grim health update [HEALTH] Sir Tom Jones, 82, 'seen by doctors after collapsing on tour' [LATEST] 'No intention!' Bette Midler U-turns on women being 'erased' tweet [OPINION] He added: “I haven't been slagging off This Morning, I'm telling the truth, ITV have been telling lies about me.” Six months after he left his former employer, Eamonn blasted ITV for forcing him out, explaining that he hadn’t planned to join GB News. He reiterated: “Let’s get it straight, they left me!” In an interview with the Mirror in June, the presenter also insisted he stands by his more controversial comments on the show. Express.co.uk has contacted a representative for ITV for comment. Eamonn claimed things took a slight turn for the worse after viewers believed he had suggested 5G could be linked to the coronavirus pandemic on-air. He said: “And I still stand by those remarks because not once did I say 5G spreads coronavirus. “I said that as reporters, we should always question the narrative. “And that has never been more obvious than under the No10 regime that has existed from then and beyond.”