Married at First Sight is returning to Lifetime for its latest season which will see 10 more singletons tie the knot in the hope of finding their one true love. The hit American reality series is taking place in San Diego this year, with the series premiere kicking off on Wednesday, July 6. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about the Married at First Sight season 15 couples. The first couple to be matched are 32-year-old sales rep, Krysten and 41-year-old environmental policy advocate, Mitch. Mitch grew up in Los Angeles and was just three when his parents divorced which impacted his outlook on love. So far, he hasn't been one for long-term commitment but is hoping MAFS will be able to change his mind. He will be tying the knot with Krysten who, on the other hand, has a very close-knit family and has always dreamed of having children. She has been previously married but since that relationship broke down, Krysten has struggled to find someone new on her wavelength. READ MORE: America’s Got Talent: Simon Cowell in tears watching Nightbirde Lindy, 29, from Washington, has been single for nearly two years after previously being engaged. Her new other half, Miguel, 35, was born in Manhattan but relocated to Puerto Rico when he was 10 after his parents split up. Miguel labels himself as a serial monogamist and hopes Lindy will be the person he can settle down with for good. She is a doctor of physical therapy and Miguel is an associate medical director. Justin, a 33-year-old digital marketing specialist, was raised by a single mum in Alabama. He believes he is a lifelong optimist that is ready to be the best husband possible. Justin is being paired with logistics specialist, 29, who has been proposed to a whopping three times. Could she be fourth time lucky with Justin and have a romance for the long haul? DON'T MISS...Why Didn’t They Ask Evans showrunner on ‘exquisite’ lead actress [CAST]MAFS experts highlight scary 'Bob moment' [EXPLAINER]Domenica MAFS Australia: Is Domenica Calarco still on OnlyFans? [CAST] Binh is a first-generation Asian American, with his parents first meeting at a refugee camp in New Orleans after fleeing Vietnam. They fell in love at first sight and 29-year-old engineer Binh hopes to do the same. Registered nurse Morgan, 27, is used to being flexible and to always expect the unexpected thanks to her line of work. She is ready to settle down once and keeping her fingers crossed that Married at First Sight will help find her the man she's been looking for. Stacia, 37, admits that she has very high standards but has been ready for marriage for quite some time. She was born to a young single mum in California whose grandmother stepped in to help raise her when Stacia was little. Her "husband" Nate, 34, grew up with a single dad and yearns to find a wife who wants to build an empire with him but has so far hasn't been able to find someone to match his ambitious mindset. Married at First Sight season 15 premieres on Wednesday, July 6, at 8pm ET on Lifetime in America.