SEAL Team's David Boreanaz does more than protect his country from imminent threat onscreen, he leads the charge behind the camera too, on occasion. He opened up about the difficulties he faced when switching between calling the shots and taking orders. Bringing Navy SEAL Jason Hayes to life is no easy feat for actor David Boreanaz. Not only does he physically play the role, he directs himself and others in the cast of the CBS crime show, to deliver nail-biting plotlines. However, while the episodes come out polished and seamless, the actor admits at times the process can be anything but. He said directing as well as acting can be "challenging", especially when dealing with such action-packed adventures as those shown during the series. READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes slams 'hypocritical' Prince Harry over climate change When taking on episodes, he likes to get a rounded perspective from characters and tries to create narratives that show as many points of views as possible. He admitted: "The difficulty was really keeping that in sync. "So as the script progressed, every character had a story to tell and all of them had POVs. "The was a very challenging aspect to it." Alongside weaving storylines to make sure everyone is represented, navigating props and timelines were other stresses David dealt with. He remembered one episode in particular involving wheelchairs that very much tested his patience. He said: "The wheelchair race was a lot of fun but was challenging towards the end." David continued on to highlight the tight deadlines he worked under: "We have ten hours and we shoot it in seven days which is massively crazy." DON'T MISS...SEAL Team’s David Boreanaz pays tribute to coach of ’20+ years’  [TRIBUTE]SEAL Team’s Neil Brown Jr pays tribute to inspiration behind Ray [TRIBUTE]SEAL Team season 6 theory: Major death sealed by casting news [THEORY]  He credited the "efficient and safe crew" for helping him deliver on time and shared how the experience impacted him. David shared: "It was a really great experience for me personally, so I can't thank the cast and crew enough for all their hard work. "It was a lot of fun." SEAL Team follows an elite group of Navy SEALs as they manoeuvre through balancing high-stakes missions with family life at home. In its fifth season, the hit show has already begun filming to bring more action packed episodes for adrenaline junky fans. Leaving the crew under ambush in Mali suffering fatalities, viewers were left waiting on the ultimate cliffhanger as the series finale drew to a close. The next instalment is set to air later on in 2023 on the Paramount+ network. In the meantime catch up with all the drama by recapping seasons 1-5 on Amazon Prime Video.