Temperatures are set to soar in the coming days and many Britons will enjoy the hot weather. However, the sun beating through the window can often highlight marks and smudges. This may lead homeowners to look for the best way to get their glass shining. There are many products on the market offering to clean windows. While many of these will work, some cleaning fans have suggested buying new products is not necessary. Fans of cleaning guru Mrs Hinch, real name Sophie Hinchcliffe, have taken to social media to share their tips. READ MORE: ‘Worst mistake’ gardeners can make during a heatwave - how to prevent Posting in a Mrs Hinch cleaning tips Facebook group, some suggested using old newspapers for a professional finish. This was in response to one woman who asked for advice. She wrote: "Window cleaning? [I've] tried vinegar and water, still left streaky. Please help." The post received many comments and homeowners shared their favourite tricks.  Using newspaper to finish the job came up multiple times. Facebook user Nicki Quigley wrote: "End cleaning with newspaper." Deirdre Shannon added: "Warm water, vinegar and drop of washing liquid. "Use window scrapper to remove excess and polish using newspaper." READ MORE: How to clean shower door using 'household items' - 'best way' "Clean with glass cleaner then microfiber cloth and to finish go over with newspaper," Leonie Powell agreed. Another claimed finishing with a wipe of newspaper was a "must". They wrote: "Vinegar and water but must use newspaper to clean off." Karen Duncan recommended: "Warm soapy water drop of comfort and dry with newspaper screwed up." Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Newspapers are not expensive to buy and can be found in most shops, making this a convenient hack. The trick would not cost anything for those who already have old newspapers lying around. Before buffing with newspaper, many suggested using vinegar and water. Other claimed washing up liquid was the best cleaner.