Mosquitos love warm, damp conditions, so with the UK’s variable weather during the summer months, the annoying bug can be prevalent from warm spring showers in April through to damp, but mild conditions in October. For anyone getting bitten, there are a few ways to repel mosquitos without stinking the house out with overpowering chemical repellents. Generally speaking, mosquitos come out to feed around sunrise, sunset, and nighttime. They're rarely active during the middle of the day when the sun is out since direct sunlight and high midday temperatures can quickly dehydrate them. There are a variety of factors as to why you might attract mosquitos; high contrast colours are enticing to the bugs, as well as body heat. But the greatest attraction for mosquitos is odour; a female mosquito can smell body odour and exhaled carbon dioxide from up to 170 feet away. READ MORE: Homes Under the Hammer buyer makes eye-watering £120k profit Since they have such great smells, there are some odours mosquitos simply hate - and these make great natural repellents. One plant the bugs dislikes is mint or peppermint. Mosquitoreviews.com said: “Several members of the mint family (biologically, the Mentha family) have been found to have noteworthy bug-blocking properties. “In particular, peppermint has been found to be effective at repelling and deterring the hungry gaze of mosquitos for up to 45 minutes when applied topically in its essential oil form.” DON'T MISS...Greene King offering free pints if you have a certain surname [NEWS]Kate Middleton’s new accessory to ‘inject fun & personality’ to outfit [COMMENT]‘Ideal’ time to eat dinner and lose weight during menopause [EXPERT] Mint grows like a weed, the more space the plant is given, the bigger and stronger it will grow. The more pungent the aroma, the fewer bugs you’ll have. You can grow mint in pots and place them on the windowsill inside the house. Another way to use mint as a mosquito repellent is by drying a few leaves. Simply allow them to go crispy and place them in a small canvas bag which you can hang near your windows. READ MORE: Plants to ‘avoid’ growing beside each other - ‘very bad idea!’ Creating your own minty fresh insect repellent spray can also repel the bugs. Mix rubbing alcohol with mint oil at a ratio of five to one. Shake before spraying morning and night on clothes or directly onto the skin. If you haven’t got rubbing alcohol, you can boil half a cup of water with a spoonful of dried mint leaves. Adding other herbs such as lavender will strengthen the repellent. Let the liquid cool down for a couple of hours, and then remove the mint leaves with a strainer. Add to a spray bottle, shake and use. You can also use beauty products with mint fragrance - shampoo and conditioner, body washes.