Currently the state pension age at which Britons can officially retire is 66 years old for both men and women. However, that is set to increase to 67 and eventually 68 for people born after April 5, 1960. While life expectancy has grown these improvements have slowed in recent years, according to figures from the Office for National Statistics. The Government is currently planning a phased increase to the age at which people can collect their state pension, however it’s unclear what will happen after. Helen Morrissey, senior pensions and retirement analyst at Hargreaves Lansdown, said: “Life expectancy increases are slowing but still growing and this is giving [the] government headaches as to the future pace of state pension age increases. “State pension age has climbed rapidly as life expectancy soared with state pension age due to hit 67 in 2028 and a potential acceleration in the date at which it hits 68 currently the subject of a government review.” READ MORE: Attendance Allowance explained: Eight tips for filling out DWP form However, the pandemic could be causing the government to take a step back and reconsider future increases. She added: “We can’t take these huge increases in life expectancy for granted and the accelerated increase to age 68, once seen as very likely, is more in the balance. “Added to this is the issue of healthy life expectancy – we may be living longer, but we aren’t necessarily living all that time in a healthy state and so we cannot assume people will be able to work until their late 60s before receiving their state pension. “It is a tricky balancing act as the government mulls how to meet the needs of an increasingly ageing population without overly burdening those in work.” DON'T MISS:State pension warning: More than one million more pensioners will pay [WARNING]Gas boiler upgrade 'not limited to heat pumps' [ALERT]PIP claimants could get council tax discount of up to 100 percent [UPDATE]Inheritance tax: Don’t caught out by the 7 year rule [WARNING] Although the government looks set on increasing the age at which people can retire, an ex-Conservative minister has proposed that the UK lowers its minimum state pension age to 61. Former pensions minister Ros Altmann has suggested that Boris Johnson lowers the state pension age or introduces flexibility on when certain Brits can claim it. Her plan would mean those who are unable to work would receive a pension of £84 a week instead of other benefits. They would still be eligible to receive the full amount if they qualify when they then reach state pension age. READ MORE: Martin Lewis urges Brits to check council tax - £150m due Baroness Altmann said some people face ill health later on in life because manual labour has taken its toll. She said: “It is draconian that those with 45 years on their pension record cannot get a penny early. “This would create a sliding scale of payments based on health, age and NI contributions. “Putting older people on unemployment benefits when they can’t work is heartless.” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The ONS data found: