Jorge Mendes has reportedly told Manchester United to hand Cristiano Ronaldo a new contract before sending their Portuguese superstar out on loan. The super-agent was pictured arriving with his client at Carrington on Tuesday morning for crunch face-to-face talks with the Old Trafford hierarchy in a bid to resolve the 37-year-old's future. It was Ronaldo's first day back at the club following an extensive summer break, in which he opted to remain in Lisbon for United's pre-season tour of Thailand and Australia. Now CR7, who is adamant he wants to play Champions League football next season, is determined to seal an exit with Atletico Madrid deemed to be his preferred destination of choice. According to Partidazo Cope, Manchester United have been asked to renew Ronaldo's contract by Mendes, so he can head out on loan to a Champions League club. The forward is seemingly still disappointed by United's failure to finish in the top four last season after their abysmal campaign that saw them record their worst-ever Premier League finish. READ MORE: Frenkie de Jong 'handed Barcelona pay-cut ultimatum' over mega-money £72m Man Utd transfer Bayern Munich, Napoli, Barcelona and Chelsea are among the clubs to have turned down the chance to sign Ronaldo this summer and the icon is now running out of options. Atletico continue to distance themselves from reports linking them with a controversial swoop for Ronaldo, who taunted the club's history following a Champions League defeat with Juventus and the Wanda Metropolitano in 2019. Ronaldo was out for revenge in the second leg in Turin as he netted a hat-trick to dump Diego Simeone's side out of the competition. Now Ronaldo looks prepared to put old rivalries to one side in a bid to keep his Champions League dream alive but Atletico will have to offload players first, if they are to somehow put together the cash to make their move. READ MOREFrenkie de Jong 'handed Barcelona pay-cut ultimatum' over mega-money £72m Man Utd transferRed Bull Salzburg respond as Man Utd enter fray for teenage sensation Benjamin SeskoManchester United set to play unexpected role in Jules Kounde transfer saga Sir Alex Ferguson was among those present at Carrington on Tuesday as part of United's charm offensive to keep last season's top goalscorer. Erik ten Hag has already been public that he wants Ronaldo to stay but there are no guarantees the seasoned veteran will remain at Old Trafford for the upcoming season. Anthony Martial has impressed greatly in pre-season, netted three times and the revitalised Frenchman could lead the line for United in their Premier League opener against Brighton. Speaking back in May following the appointment of the Dutchman, Ronaldo revealed his excitement at the prospect of working under Ten Hag - something that may encourage United that he could be persuaded to stay. "What I know about him is he did a fantastic job for Ajax, that he's an experienced coach," said Ronaldo on the former Ajax boss. "But we need to give him time. Things need to change the way he wants. "I hope we have success, of course, because, if you have success, all of Manchester is going to have success as well. I wish him the best. "We are happy and excited, not only as players but the supporters as well. "I wish him the best and let's believe that, next year, we are going to win trophies."