The woman has become so frightened to answer her front door, after turning up to three men away from her home every day for the last 18 months. One man even tried to force his way into her house in Newfoundpool, Leicester, last month. It's believed there is a Thai massage parlour on the residential street in the west of the city and the woman, in addition to several neighbours, is being plagued by would-be customers. Sharing his story with Leicestershire Live, one of the woman's neighbours revealed he too has suffered his fair share of problems. The Pool Road resident, who does not wish to be named, said he had to drag a man out of his home by the neck after he’d forced his way into his house believing it was the parlour. The dad said: "A man knocked at my door and before I even got it fully open, he pushed his way in believing it was the massage parlour. I had to grab him by the neck and drag him out of my house. He then said ‘Oh I’m sorry, wrong address’, but it was a frightening experience. I had to push another man out of my house too. It’s really worrying. You just don’t know who will be at the door, they could have a knife.”  The resident added the unwanted guests vary in age and nationality and appear at all hours. He also said that, despite finding it funny at first, just like his neighbour, it is becoming a real concern. "I’ve caught them so many times sitting on my car bonnet waiting for the go ahead to go inside and late at night too when they’re waiting for a taxi to pick them up. They do it all along the lower half of the street,” he said. “It’s been going on for two years and it’s hit our quality of life for sure. We're being harassed and it’s definitely ruined our lives. How this keeps happening we don’t know. It’s got to be a satnav issue or something, but we shouldn’t be getting this."  "It’s a residential street, people with kids live here. "I’m concerned for my wife and daughter and fear that if I leave my door slightly open when I’m getting something from my car someone will barge right into my home. It’s got to stop." Leicestershire Live has approached the Thai massage parlour for comment.