Former Chelsea boss Maurizio Sarri has reportedly attempted to send Lazio star Sergej Milinkovic-Savic to Stamford Bridge in exchange for two of Thomas Tuchel's players. Milinkovic-Savic's future at Lazio is uncertain and Arsenal are also reported to have made an offer for the player earlier this summer. The Serbia international has long been linked with a move to the Premier League. He has made almost 300 appearances for Lazio since joining from Belgian side Genk in 2015. However, his contract expires in 2024 and he seems keen on a move elsewhere. Italian outlet Il Messaggero says there is 'turmoil' at Lazio and one of the main issues is Milinkovic-Savic's desire to leave. The player's agent, former Chelsea striker Mateja Kezman, has reiterated to Lazio that his client will not stay. The report says Sarri has attempted to push Milikovic-Savic to his old club. The Italian is said to want Ruben Loftus-Cheek and Emerson Palmieri in exchange. However, there are no negotiations yet between the two clubs. READ MORE: Tottenham hold two trump cards to sign Serie A maestro as Conte eyes more transfers  The same report says both Arsenal and Newcastle have made offers to Lazio for Milinkovic-Savic. The bids in question are said to be between £43million (€50m) and £47.3m (€55m). However, Lazio do not deem that price enough for a player of Milinkovic-Savic's quality. That is despite him entering the final two years of his contract. Sarri will meet with the player to discuss his future. Sarri only spent one season as Chelsea boss, joining in July 2018 and leaving 11 months later. Loftus-Cheek enjoyed arguably his most fruitful season under the 63-year-old. He made 24 Premier League appearances and 40 outings in all competitions, scoring 10 goals. DON'T MISSLisandro Martinez 'gentlemen's agreement' emerges as Arsenal and Man Utd compete for dealMan Utd have already signed one Ronaldo replacement but now they need a secondArsenal's transfer window in danger of collapsing with three deals now in major doubt  Only last term did the England international match that number of appearances in a single campaign since he made his debut for Chelsea. However, he has failed to score more than two goals in any other season in his career, so a reunion with Sarri could help get the best out of him. Emerson also made 27 appearances in Sarri's one year at Chelsea, more than in any other season since he joined the Blues in 2018. So it is clear Sarri is a fan of both players as he attempts to sort out the future of Milinkovic-Savic. However, it remains to be seen if Chelsea would be interested in signing the Lazio star. Thomas Tuchel's main objective this summer is to bring in a couple of new defenders at least as well as strengthen up top. Manchester City's Raheem Sterling is a top attacking target, while Matthijs de Ligt and Jules Kounde are on the radar at the back. Romelu Lukaku will also need to be replaced after rejoining Inter Milan on loan.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here