Ola Jordan has admitted she "doesn't know" if she'll be able to get her Strictly Come Dancing body back. Taking to social media, the husband of dance pro James Jordan, 39, shared a candid poolside snap of her and her beau, 44, as she reflected on their changing bodies after leaving the dance floor. Appearing in a pink halter top, Ola thanked her 306,000 fans for their support as she sat on a balcony to top up her already perfect tan. The mother-of-one said: "Hi guys, I just wanted to say thank you so much for your lovely messages after my last post. "I've got to say it's so nice to see that I'm not alone and that a lot of you go through the same thing as me," she added. The Polish dancer admitted that "struggles" with the weight she put on after leaving the hit BBC dance show and becoming a mum to adorable daughter Ella. READ MORE: Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen emotional amid daughter Raven's news Ola continued: "It is quite embarrassing that I'm being a dancer and I struggle with all this weight that I put on." Addressing the reality of being a busy mum to a young child, Ola confessed that her priorities lie in looking after Ella. She explained: "But, my priority is Ella, she is taking over my life and it's all about her now and I don't know if I'll ever get back to my dancing body again. "I would love to, but I just don't think that's going to happen anytime soon," Ola ended the video. It comes as Ola shared a poolside snap of her and James in their swimwear as they reflected on how their bodies have changed. Standing in front of a crystal-clear pool, Ola stunned as she donned a hot pink bikini and smiled as she posed with her hands on her hips. James affectionately wrapped an arm around his wife as he donned a pair of white swim shorts. Ola told her 305,000 fans: "Hi guys, I wasn’t going to post this picture but I’ve decided to because I’m horrified and so disappointed with myself and by posting it I’m hoping it will help motivate me to do something about it. DON'T MISS... Countryfile's Helen Skelton flashes legs in transformation after split [INSIGHT]James Jordan warns wife Ola 'will regret' pic of 'mum and dad bods' [ANALYSIS]Emmerdale's Michelle Hardwick expecting second baby with wife [UPDATE] "Our friend took this snap of us yesterday trying to stay cool by the pool but OMG..." (sic) She went on: "It was a total shock to say the least! When did we get ‘mum and dad bods’ ???? "We know we’re not in our best Strictly shape but hey that’s what happens when you stop dancing for hours every day and have a baby (I just want to know James’ excuse) "Stay cool everyone, I think I need to avoid the ice cream for a while!!!" she ended her post. Reacting to his wife-of-19-years, James told her that she may "regret" sharing the snaps, which she branded "horrifying". "I've just seen a post that my wife has put on Instagram and I think maybe Ella's gone to bed and she's had a couple of glasses of wine and she's going to regret it in the morning. "But thanks babe for asking me if you can put my dad bod on there as well, cheers babe," James signed off while tagging Ola. James also reshared the snap in his stories, writing, "Oh dear", as the caption.