And I’m gutted because in my heart I can’t shake the belief that he could have been one of the greats. He’s unlike any other politician around today – charismatic, clever, funny. He has an ability to connect with and beguile voters in a way no other politician has. Who else could have taken on the entire Establishment the way he did and delivered Brexit? Who else could have changed history and turned the Red Wall Blue in 2019 when he romped home with an 80-seat majority. I wept when he thanked those voters for “lending” him their vote and promised not to let them down. And for a long while there he was carried through the bad times of Covid on a huge wave of love and support from the people who’d put him in Number 10. We all wanted his premiership to work because even though he was posh boy, a bit of a lad, we felt connected to him. We felt he was on our side. I’ve always fought tooth and nail for Boris even through aspects of Partygate because I was railing against those who’d been determined to get him out from the start. Not for anything he’d actually done back then – but because they believed he should never have got the job. I’m talking about those dyed in the wool Remainers who hated him for taking us out of the EU and those snotty civil service mandarins who thought they should be running the country not a fly-by-night like Boris. They wanted him out because he didn’t fit the mould, because he didn’t follow the rules – all the reasons the rest of us loved him. And I’m bloody angry with Boris for letting those people win, for allowing them to feel vindicated. I’m angry that his stupid mistakes, his inability to be straight with the electorate, his refusal to see that what he’s been doing is damaging not just the Tories but all of us. Our country is unstable and he’s making it worse. He has many great traits but it is his flaws, his imperfections, his lack of integrity that has driven so many of his ministers out and is now causing the Tory Party itself to implode. The bad stuff about Boris now far outweighs the good and so he has to go. This week’s resignations by cabinet big beasts, Sajid Javid and Rishi Sunak, both within 60 seconds of each other – was unprecedented. No PM has ever survived the desertion of his chancellor let alone his chancellor and his Health Secretary. But both men made it clear they had to go because of Boris’s lack of integrity and his inability to run the country which is devastating. Javid said that Boris had made it impossible to govern Britain effectively. “This week again, we have reason to question the truth and integrity of what we've all been told, “Javid said in his Commons resignation speech in reference to the Chris Pincher controversy – which it turns out Boris knew about as far back at 2019 even though he at first denied it and then when he’d been rumbled said he’d forgotten about it. How do you forget that the bloke you’re about to make Deputy Chief Whip had a slew of sexual misconduct allegations against him? “At some point we have to conclude that enough is enough,” said Javid. And it pains me to admit that he might be right. Maybe now enough is enough. This Government is paralysed because of the divisions inside the Tory Party – divisions created by Boris. There seems to be no sense of direction or purpose inside the Government which is falling apart in front of our very eyes. And I’m devastated. I see Boris today in the Commons vowing to “smash and deliver” for the British people. And I want to believe that he can do it. My heart is cheering him on but my head is telling me it’s over for him. Chris Pincher is the final straw in a year full of obfuscation, half-truths and no truths at all. I didn’t want Boris to go over Partygate. I believed he could have survived that. But supporting a man like Pincher, then lying about it was beyond the moral pale. But worse than that No 10 sent ministers onto TV and radio to defend the PM armed with lies. The Downing Street version of the story around Pincher changed three times and those ministers who’d been defending the PM on the airwaves were made to look foolish when the real story emerged. Is that how to treat the colleagues who are trying to save your backside? When an advisor suggested to Boris on Tuesday night that now might be the time to resign his reaction was “F**k that!” Which tells you where his head is at. Because even now as his Government implodes he clearly doesn’t see the gravity of that or feel any responsibility for it. But how can he not? Does Boris actually believe that after all that’s gone on he can turn things around? Or is his refusal to resign because he believes being PM is the job he was born to do? If it is about that then he should have been more careful with it. He should have been more respectful of the office and he should have understood his responsibilities to the British people. But then maybe we’re just secondary to his ambition. He told a jeering House of Commons today that he would “hang on in there” to “win another general election”, adding: “The job of a PM... is to keep going! And that’s what I'm going to do.” A year ago I would have cheered his bullishness. I’d have said that’s one in the eye for his detractors. I’d have thanked the Lord for his chutzpah in the face of those dreary politicians who’d always wanted him gone. But today they seem like empty words from a deluded man who doesn’t see that he’s the captain of a sinking ship, a ship where the crew have fled because the man at the helm is single handedly taking it down. Michael Gove has already told him he has to go and paid with his job as Boris sacked him. A group of cabinet ministers including the Chef Whip marched into his office today to give him the same message. And at least 44 ministers and aides have now quit. How much longer does he think he can survive? And even if he does there’s a world of difference between just surviving and thriving. And how can he thrive (how can this country thrive) when his enemies are at the door and even his supporters are deserting in their droves? I don’t think Boris is a bad man and as I write this there’s still a huge part of me that hopes he could still prove me wrong, that he will suddenly turn into the Prime Minister we all believed he was going to be. But the truth is desperately wanting a job doesn’t make you good at it .Back in 2019 he looked like a leader, he sounded like one – but we know now he isn’t one. Unbelievably, I still want him to pull the proverbial rabbit out of the hat to confound the doubters. But the walkouts, the resignations, the lies, all point to the end of the road. The dream is over. And what a bloody waste. What a mess. This was a man who had a whole country in the palm of his hand. Great swathes of us were willing to follow him to the ends of the earth. And instead of repaying our trust and our belief in him – he’s squandered it. And it’s all just so unutterably sad!