Kate, Duchess of Cambridge returned to the Wimbledon Championships on Sunday for the Men's Singles Final. The Duchess was joined by her husband Prince William and son Prince George, who had never attended the tournament before. Kate made her second Wimbledon appearance on Saturday to watch the Women's Singles Final, which saw Kazakhstan's Moscow-born Elena Rybakina beat Tunisia's Ons Jabeur 3-6, 6-2, 6-2. As Royal Patron of the All England Club, Kate is likely to present the winners’ trophies at the end of the tournament. An avid tennis fan, the Duchess took over from the Queen in 2016, but even before the patronage, she was a regular fixture at the SW19 courts. However, one year Kate was stopped from attending the historic tournament — despite begging to go — and missed a huge British win. It came in 2013 when Andy Murray made it to the men’s final and was bidding to become the first British man to win the Grand Slam since Fred Perry in 1936. READ MORE: Kate dazzles and she and William bring Prince George to his first Wimbledon men's final The Duchess was eager to be at Wimbledon to cheer him on but was heavily pregnant with George, at the time, so was advised to watch the match from home. Speaking to sports host Sue Barker on the BBC documentary, ‘Our Wimbledon’, Kate said: "I was very heavily pregnant with George so I wasn't able to turn up.” Sue replied: “But you had a great excuse.” "I know but even still," Kate said. "I was sort of 'Maybe I could go' but the doctors were like 'no.’”  Murray won his first Wimbledon title and ended Britain's 77-year wait for a men's champion with a clinical victory over the then-world number one Novak Djokovic. Kate revealed: "I wrote to [Andy Murray] afterwards saying sorry for not being there, but huge congratulations.” However, fortunately, three years later when Murray made the final again, Kate was in the stands to witness him lift his second Wimbledon title. Accompanied by William, Kate couldn’t contain her excitement when Murray served up a win. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Harry to launch ANOTHER British lawsuit [LIVE] Royal POLL: Should Prince Andrew be kicked out of Windsor Castle? [VOTE]Harry mocked for moaning about security after ditching Firm [REACTION] Meeting him after his match, Kate said: "Many congratulations, it was a great game.” While William said: "So pleased for you, well done", and Kate added: "You can relax with your family now.” Meanwhile two years ago, Kate referred to Murray as one of her sporting heroes during a call to schoolchildren. The Championship was cancelled due to the coronavirus pandemic so the duchess dropped in with a video call to school children, asking them about their sports training before revealing she had a special guest waiting to join them. She told them: “I've got a very important person here that's going to come and join us, that would love to meet you guys and might be able to share some tennis tips as well with you," before introducing the Wimbledon winner. Murray went on to answer questions from aspiring tennis players, admitting he was missing big matches, friends and family. This year, Murray exited the competition in the second round at the hands of the big-serving John Isner. That defeat followed a first-round win over Australian player James Duckworth. This afternoon, Djokovic and Australia's Nick Kyrgios will battle it out on the court for the men’s singles title.