Former Prime Minister Theresa May was branded "better qualified than any other member of the current Cabinet" to become the interim leader when Boris Johnson officially resigns on the ITV talk show. Johnson has been clinging to power but an influx of resignations have left him on the brink of collapse and he is expected to resign later today outside Downing Street. This Morning presenters Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield asked their guests who should fill his shoes as the caretaker Prime Minister. Former MP Gyles Brandreth began: "There will be people thinking there should be an interim Prime Minister and you mention Mrs May but the other is the Deputy Prime Minister Dominic Raab who is deputy." Holly interjected: "But saying that, Theresa May is better qualified than any other member of the current Cabinet to fill that role in the interim." Simon McCoy added: "She is everything that Boris isn't, she's rather dull but steady and trustworthy." READ MORE: Alastair Campbell ENDS interview with Piers Morgan Simon, who presents Sky News, also said the public sees her as a "steady pair of hands". "That's frankly what the country wants at the moment with everything going on," he added. Gyles chimed in: "She would find it easy to form an interim government with basically the people who are already there." May was the Leader of the Conservative Party from 2016 to 2019. In March 2019 she confirmed in a meeting of the 1922 Committee she would not lead the nation in the next stage of Brexit negotiations.  Her premiership had 51 resignations with 33 relating to Brexit which included 12 departures from the Cabinet. At the time the number of resignations was described as "unprecedented" by the Institute for Government. In just under three years, she received more resignations than former Conservative Leader Margaret Thatcher and Labour Leader Tony Blair. However, Johnson received 53 resignations between Tuesday morning and Thursday morning. DON'T MISS...Moment Theresa May wailed as she stood down as Prime Minister [REVEALED]Boris Johnson resigns: What happens now? [EXPLAINER]Brexit: Boris critics SILENCED after Theresa May swipes at PM [LATEST]  Former Chancellor Rishi Sunak who rumbled Parliament when he quit on Tuesday said in his resignation letter: "The public rightly expects government to be conducted properly, competently and seriously”. He added: “I believe these standards are worth fighting for and that is why I am resigning.” The resignations were sparked after Johnson was forced to apologise for appointing Chris Pincher as deputy chief whip who has been accused of groping two men. A source told the Daily Mail that May was "uniquely placed" to step in as interim leader.   They said: "She knows the ropes and the security stuff, she’s a party woman through and through, she’s definitely not interested in standing for it herself and would be credible." Johnson will be the third Prime Minister in six years to be brought down by Conservative infighting. His resignation will make him one of the shortest-serving Prime Ministers in the nation's history. This Morning continues on weekdays from 10am on ITV. 