The leadership of Boris Johnson became unsustainable on Thursday after more than 50 ministers quit the Government, and those remaining demanded he leave Downing Street. Against a backdrop of question marks over his knowledge of the Chris Pincher assault allegations, Partygate and other issues, Mr Johnson appeared to have finally run out of road. And by early Thursday morning, it was confirmed by Mr Johnson's inner circle he would resign from his post. He is reportedly intending to continue in office until his successor is selected in the autumn, the BBC claimed. Mr Johnson is expected to make a speech outside Downing Street at some point on Thursday, confirming his intentions to stand down as Prime Minister. The scene will be reminiscent of the past two Prime Ministers, David Cameron and Theresa May, who have both resigned from their post shy of a routine general election. When Mrs May confirmed she would stand down as Prime Minister in 2019, the backlash was fierce. In her speech announcing she was leaving her position as head of the Government, Mrs May was mocked by critics, and saluted by supporters, as she broke down in tears when delivering the final line of her speech. In the video, which you can watch at the top of this page, Mrs May began her speech by declaring that since she "first stepped through" No 10, she had "striven to make the United Kingdom a country that works not just for a privileged few, but for everyone". She noted that her position had been difficult as a result of the tensions that revolved around Brexit, as well as her own tiny majority in Parliament after the disastrous 2017 snap election which seriously harmed her authority. Mrs May continued: "Whatever our background, the colour of our skin, or who we love. We stand together. JUST IN: Boris Johnson resigns: What happens now? "And together we have a great future. Our politics may be under strain, but there is so much that is good about this country. So much to be proud of. So much to be optimistic about." She added: "I will shortly leave the job that it has been the honour of my life to hold – the second female Prime Minister but certainly not the last. "I do so with no ill-will, but with enormous and enduring gratitude to have had the opportunity to serve the country I love." Mrs May battled to remain composure as she closed the last sentence, her face crumpling in tears as she turned away from the podium to head back into No 10. DON'T MISS:When did Boris Johnson become Prime Minister? [LATEST]Brexit: Boris critics SILENCED after Theresa May swipes at PM [INSIGHT]Plan to tackle illegal immigration 'WILL fail because of May' [ANALYSIS] Mr Cameron, who led the UK as Conservative Prime Minister between 2010 and 2016, was also as emotionally charged in his final speech as leader. His resignation came after the UK backed Leave in the Brexit referendum, the camp which went up against his own loyalties on the Remain side of the argument. He had vowed to stand down should Remain lose, and the morning after Brexit was voted for, Mr Cameron too took to the podium outside No 10. Mr Cameron's speech concluded: "I want to take this moment to say thank you to all those who have written letters and emails offering me that support, people who I will never get to meet and never get to thank personally. "It has been the greatest honour of my life to serve our country as Prime Minister over these last six years, and to serve as leader of my party for almost eleven years. "And as we leave for the last time, my only wish is continued success for this great country that I love so very much." It's unclear how long Mr Johnson will remain in office following his resignation. Critics argue his position has become so untenable that he should leave instantly, with the Conservatives choosing a stand-in Prime Minister until a new leader is selected. Among the frontrunners for the post include Penny Mordaunt and Rishi Sunak, whose resignation on Tuesday sparked the downfall of Mr Johnson's premiership.