Buckingham Palace made a decision to bury a report into allegations of bullying by the Duchess of Sussex prior to Meghan and Prince Harry's royal exit. Speaking on GB News, Vanity Fair's royal correspondent Katie Nicholl discussed the decision to keep the report quiet. She claimed that the decision made to keep quiet regarding any findings was made to avoid "poking the bear" and to keep peace with the Sussexes. In response to being asked about the apparent HR changes in the inquiry, Ms Nicholl said: "There have been HR changes. "There is an argument of saying, that is a good thing, let's hear about them, what are these changes". She added: "It does just seem to be a case of reverting to that old method of just burying bad news. "Of course, in yesterday's meeting, we had all transparency about the expenditure, it would have been a great way to say, look we are not going into details, but we are addressing this, this, and this." READ MORE: Meghan and Harry should ‘step away’ from royal titles – and use THIS name instead Ms Nicholl claimed that they actually "broke down" the figures of the black and ethnic minorities that are "now employed by Buckingham Palace", adding, "surely this was an opportunity to say and also, we are going to make sure that any complaints made to HR are dealt with swiftly". She noted that this was potentially a case of them "not wanting to air their dirty laundry in public". GB News' host Eamonn Holmes stated that it's maybe, more a case, of them wanting to "build bridges" with Meghan and Harry, as opposed to "covering anything up". Eamonn's co-host Isabel Webster added: "[Or] maybe not wanting to poke the bear", to which Ms Nicholl replied, "It's not a friendly bear to poke". READ MORE: 'He's a horrible little man' Prince Andrew blasted in attack by ex-Royal police officer Ms Nicholl continued: "I think everything you've seen and just thinking back to those Platinum Jubilee celebrations, the way the Sussexes were accommodated, I just think they don't want to rattle or ruffle any feathers. "I think a lot of people, and particularly those who made those alleged complaints of bullying, might be feeling rather miffed that actually the Sussexes and peace with the Sussexes, is perhaps taking precedence over making public some of the findings, of what would have been an expensive internal inquiry and to which we know nothing about". She concluded: "[And] actually Meghan would probably be sitting there, not particularly feeling particularly vindicated because her name has not been cleared in any of it." DON'T MISS Meghan Markle slammed by Republicans for wading into politics [REPORT]Meghan's interview will leave Netflix and Spotify 'pulling hair out' [INSIGHT]Meghan Markle fuels presidential bid rumours after Washington hint [REVEAL] The allegations relate to the two years that the Duke and Duchess of Sussex worked as senior royals before their royal exit in early 2020. An investigation into the allegations was subsequently launched which led to the Palace “improving the policies and procedures” in its HR department.I It is understood the decision to keep quiet is also an attempt to ensure the anonymity of those who took part. READ NEXT: