And other items believed to be something to avoid were vests, trainers, and jeans. Following the findings, a quiz has been created to see whether you are guilty of any workwear faux pas. It also emerged 57 percent of workers have had a debate with themselves about whether an item of clothing is suitable for the office or not. Four in ten have even been spoken to by a manager or colleague about their work attire, while 21 percent have been sent home for wearing inappropriate clothing. But nearly two-thirds (64 percent) think their office gets too hot in summer – leaving 57 percent struggling to maintain a cool temperature and still conform to dress standards. A spokesman for Andrews Air Conditioning, which commissioned the research, said: “Summer and the workplace is always a tricky combo, and it’s clear people battle with themselves over what to wear. “The poll shows some interesting results about what staff believe is and isn’t acceptable – from dungarees and trainers, to flip-flops and shorts. “And if you commute to work in cycling gear, many think it’s unprofessional to keep this on all day – as well as gym clothes being a no-go. “If workplaces were less temperamental when it came to the temperature, it would be a lot easier for staff to decide what garments to put on each day.” The study also found over three-quarters (77 percent) miss office attire when working from home – but only one in three (34 percent) dress the same when working remotely as they do in the workplace. And although 58 percent try and dress smarter if they need to interact with clients or customers, 38 percent believe there shouldn’t be restrictions on what someone can wear. When it comes to body parts, 45 percent don't think shoulders should be on display in an office. And half (49 percent) think open-toed shoes are a health and safety risk – with 53 percent wanting to avoid having to see a colleague’s bare feet or toes. But 29 percent would happily wear open-toed shoes during the summer. The study, carried out via OnePoll, also found 57 percent think traditional office wear will be phased out of the workplace in the next five to ten years – and 23 percent believe this is already happening. Andrew’s Air Conditioning’s spokesman added: “Work can be stressful enough as it is without being confined to an overheated office all day. “Different workplaces also have varying rules about what can and can’t be worn in order to look professional, which is more difficult than ever before after remote or hybrid working the past couple of years. “We hope to help take away the stress of feeling hot in the office and, as a result, be able to concentrate better on the task at hand, and feel comfortable and confident in whatever workers are wearing.” TOP ITEMS WORKERS THINK ARE INAPPROPRIATE FOR MEN TO WEAR TO THE OFFICE: TOP ITEMS WORKERS THINK ARE INAPPROPRIATE FOR WOMEN TO WEAR TO THE OFFICE: