A report from TakingCare Personal Alarms found that elderly people could be at risk of death or illness during the heatwave unless steps are taken to stay cool. Hot weather is especially dangerous when on holiday, as more time is spent outside and under the sun. Countries around Europe, including Spain, Portugal and France have issued warnings to travellers due to the extreme weather. Home safety and prevention expert Louise Yasities shared tips on how elderly people can stay safe on holiday. Louise explained that "older people will likely want to get out and about when the weather is nice, but they are more susceptible to heat-related illnesses which could well be fatal". READ MORE: Never miss a travel update again with our email briefing, sign up here To stay safe in the sun, older adults "should be consuming fluids consistently all day, rather than waiting until they become thirsty," she advised. Elderly adults are more at risk of dehydration and overheating when it’s hot outside. Louise said "drinking the NHS-recommended six to eight glasses of water per day when temperatures soar will help counteract this". If travellers are staying in rented accommodation abroad, "where possible, it's a good idea to avoid using the oven or stove when it's hot outside as the added heat could increase the risk of getting a heat-related illness, especially among the vulnerable," Louise said.  "Slow cookers or air fryers are a great way to cook food without breaking a sweat. It's also best to avoid dining al-fresco when the sun is in its hottest hours," she recommended. Al-fresco dining is a term that means dining outdoors and "is popular in temperate climates and in the spring, summer and fall months," according to Restaurantengine. The travel site explained: "People enjoy dining al fresco when the weather is beautiful. The style is casual, yet festive, with a party-like atmosphere. If your restaurant has an outdoor patio or outdoor seating, they offer al fresco dining." It is also important for senior travellers to avoid direct sunlight as much as possible, especially at midday or during the hottest hours of the day. READ MORE: Flight attendant shares ‘life-changing’ packing tip The expert explained: "Avoiding direct sunlight is also advisable for older people during a heatwave. "Elderly adults should be encouraged to stay indoors when the sun is at its hottest, between the hours of 11am and 4pm. If this isn’t possible, it’s important to stay in areas of shade and out of direct sunlight." Louis also recommended "always wearing a hat whenever outdoors and remember to take extra precautions if spending time outside". In terms of clothing, older people should aim to wear lightweight, light-coloured cotton clothing items to help them keep cool. "Avoid any heavy, synthetic materials and 100 percent UV protection sunglasses are a must." This is because older eyes can also have difficulty adjusting quickly to any changes in light to dark. Louise added: "Finally, keeping the heat down at home is important for older people, helping them to stay cool and avoid overheating. "Keep all windows closed during the day, and keep curtains closed or blinds pulled down to minimise rising temperatures through the glass."