The picture, posted at 12.23pm, shows empty seats on the front benches of the House of Commons. But live footage from the House of Commons at the time shows that the front benches were actually full. When approached by Express.co.uk, a spokesperson for Ms Rayner denied that the tweet was misleading, noting that it was the same picture tweeted by ITV journalist Paul Brand. They said: "You will see that the picture used is the same one posted by ITV's Paul Brand at 11:52am today just before PMQs as per below. "In what possible world is that misleading?" Mr Brand tweeted out the same picture half an hour earlier, with the caption: "The Tory benches are virtually deserted ahead of #PMQs, which is normally a packed event…" Unlike at the time of Ms Rayner's tweet, at 11.52am the front benches did have empty seats. But by the time Ms Rayner tweeted the picture, the benches were full. Ms Rayner's gaffe comes amid a string of resignations from Boris Johnson's Government. Dozens of ministers, including Chancellor Rishi Sunak and Health Secretary Sajid Javid, have resigned in the last 24 hours. The resignations come amid allegations surrounding deputy chief whip Chris Pincher, with Downing Street confirming that it knew about 2019 allegations of sexual misconduct levelled against Chris Pincher.  Mr Johnson had previously denied knowing about the allegations. But speaking yesterday about the decision to hire Mr Pincher, the Prime Minister said: "Yes, I think it was a mistake and I apologise for it. In hindsight, it was the wrong thing to do." Mr Johnson is alleged to have referred to the Tamworth MP as "Pincher by name, Pincher by nature". He has since admitted it was a "bad mistake" to appoint Mr Pincher, despite being aware of misconduct allegations against him.   When asked whether or not he made the joke, Mr Johnson responded: "What I can tell you is that, when I look at the background of this and why I regret it so much, is that about three years ago there was a complaint about Chris Pincher in the Foreign Office." He added: "The complaint was cleared up, he apologised, it was raised with me, orally I was briefed on what had happened and, if I had my time again, I would think back on it and recognise that he wasn't going to learn any lesson and he wasn't going to change." In his resignation letter, Mr Sunak told the Prime Minister that "the public rightly expect government to be conducted properly, competently and seriously". He added: "I believe these standards are worth fighting for and that is why I am resigning." The former Chancellor warned the Prime Minister that the UK "cannot continue like this". Meanwhile, Mr Javid said he could "no longer, in good conscience, continue serving in this government".