To mitigate the damage caused by these price hikes, the Government has launched a sizeable support package to help struggling families. For October, the energy price cap is expected to reach a new high of £3,500, according to Cornwall Insight, and another forecast suggests it will only rise further. Yesterday, new estimates from BFY Group suggest the price will increase to £3,850 which financial experts believe is enough reason to issue more support to those in need. As part of its pledge to help struggling families, the Government has launched a new online Financial Support and Benefits Checker Tool which can be found on the gov.uk Cost of Living page. This service allows people to answer 10 questions which allow them to learn what support they may be eligible for. In light of the cost of living crisis, this has been created to help people know what they are entitled to amid the recent wave of new Government support. Part of the Government’s existing support was a £650 cost of living payment for eight million Britons on means-tested benefits. READ MORE: State pensioners may be able to increase sum by up to £14.75 weekly This includes people on Universal Credit, Income Support and those in receipt of various tax credits. On top of this, then-Chancellor Rishi Sunak confirmed the launch of a £300 payment for pensioner households as older people in the country continue to feel the pressure. Furthermore, around six million people with a disability are able to get a non means-tested benefit payment worth £300. However, the main support for those looking to reduce their energy bills is the £400 grant for all households.  For those who pay via direct debit, this amount will be awarded directly to the bank account they pay their bills from. Those who have a prepayment meter will have the £400 grant delivered to them via credit or as a voucher. Justina Miltienyte, the head of policy at Uswitch.com, noted how price cap forecasts have continuously risen over the last couple of months. Ms Miltienyte explained: “As we get closer to the announcement of the next price cap, the predictions keep rising higher and are now becoming impossible for policymakers to ignore. READ MORE: ‘Game over!’ Woman, 42, watches as hackers steal £10,000 in attack  “Predictions of January’s price cap hitting £3,850 - nearly doubling in just 12 months - will be deeply distressing to every energy bill-payer. “It is also well above the prediction of £2,800 that the Government based its original support package on.” Despite praising recent support, the energy expert called on the candidates for Prime Minister to do more in light of this price cap revelation and recent comments made by MPs. Earlier this week, a report from the Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy Committee urged the Government to reform its current energy bill support for those most in need. She added: “The Energy Bill Support has been a welcome and necessary measure for this winter - but it needs to be reviewed, as the Select Committee recommended yesterday. “People desperately need to know what specific financial support will be provided to help with their bills, particularly the vulnerable. “It is time for both Conservative leadership candidates to show they can get the job done for anxious households. “We call on both Rishi Sunak and Liz Truss to work together as a matter of urgency so that clear, concrete support is laid out at the point that the new price cap level is announced on August 26. “Households need clarity as soon as possible to help them plan for the most expensive winter in living memory.” The next change to the energy price is expected to be announced in late August of this year.