Locals have complained that six-foot tall Japanese knotweed has taken over a park in Worcester as the notorious plant is slowly creeping towards homes. Brits in the area fear the plant, which is currently growing in Brickfields Park, part of King George V Playing Fields, will decrease the value of their homes. And according to the locals, the council are ignoring their pleas for help. Some have claimed the weed is a mere 20 metres away from their homes. Japanese knotweed is known to exploit weaknesses in building foundations and drainage systems, often making buildings structurally unsound. Some lenders are even known to DENY mortgages due to the presence of knotweed as it is notoriously difficult to get rid of.  Retired gardener Dennis Hodson lives in a £200,000 bungalow which backs onto the fields. The 73-year-old said he has told council workers about the problem, but nothing has been done to tackle it. He said: "The knotweed has gone rampant in the park and it's coming up in our gardens now, including mine which is just 20 metres away. It's a bit of a nightmare. "It's getting to about six foot tall in the park and I've tried calling the council, but they haven't done anything. The plant is just about to seed which will spread it even further. The time to act is now." READ MORE: 'Most contagious Covid variant yet' explodes in UK, calls for curbs  He added: "I also spoke to groundsmen in the park and they told me it wasn't anything to do with them. Two or three years ago they used to cut it back, which is never going to get rid of it, but now they're not even doing that. "I managed to remove it from my borders a few years ago using a strong weed killer but it just comes back." Another resident described the issue as "a scene from the Day of the Triffids", saying the hot weather and rain may be the reason as to why the plant is growing out of control. They added: "The knotweed just keeps getting closer and closer to our homes. It's like a scene from The Day of the Triffids and the mixture of the very hot weather and then heavy rain has just made it grow out of control. "The council do nothing to help and we all worry about the impact it's having on the value of our homes. I certainly wouldn't want to buy a house which is at risk of being taken over by this thing." DON'T MISS:Secret Service blamed for Ukrainian spy plot against Russia [INSIGHT]Putin rocked as drone blows up T-72 tank, killing 15 Russians [ANALYSIS]Disability blue badges rejected in popular EU destinations [PICTURES]   A spokesperson for Worcester City Council said specially-trained staff will be attending the playing fields in the coming days to attempt to tackle the problem. They added follow-up treatments to eradicate the plant from the area will be undertaken next month (August) and a second will be administered next year. A spokesperson saidL "We are aware of the Japanese knotweed growing at King George V Playing Fields and our specially-trained staff will stem-inject the plants in the coming days. "It will take a few weeks to die off and we will do a follow-up treatment in a month and another next year to ensure it is dealt with. If this Japanese knotweed has spread to properties from the playing fields, then residents can get in touch with us and we can treat it accordingly." 