Sanditon has had a turbulent time since premiering in 2019 as it was nearly gone for good when ITV initially decided to cancel the period drama. The series is loosely based on author Jane Austen's novel of the same name which she wasn't able to finish as she had grown too ill. With the second season now launching in the UK, fans are eager to know what lies in store for the future of Sanditon. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Sanditon.Sanditon first came out on ITV in 2019 but due to low audience figures, the channel decided to cancel after one series. A year later and the drama was shown in America on Masterpiece PBS, winning over an entirely new fanbase and it was reinstated by ITV. Following a three-year gap, Sanditon season came out exclusively on Britbox on Monday, March 21 for its loyal subscribers. A few months on and series two is back on ITV, premiering on Friday, July 22. READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow guest refuses to sell wartime diamond brooch Yes, despite a rocky start following the release of series one, there will be more of Sanditon to come. ITV and Masterpiece PBS gave Sanditon a double renewal in May 2021, confirming seasons two and three. Sadly, there has been no news regarding a potential release date for the next series. However, seasons two and three were filmed back-to-back and it has been announced the third outing will premiere on Britbox UK and Masterpiece PBS sometime in early 2023. Series two came out in March 2022 on Britbox so if the third season is to follow this pattern, then ITV viewers can expect the latest episodes to be released in the summer of 2023. This will be the final ever series of Sanditon though, wrapping up the story of Charlotte Heywood's (played by Rose Williams) love story for good. Fans were gutted when her romance with Sidney Parker (Theo James) didn't work out at the end of season one. But there were two more suitors on the horizon who were eager to win Charlotte's heart. DON'T MISS...NCIS' Pauley Perrette showered with support after home struggle [HEALTH]NCIS’ Michael Weatherly pays tribute to Bull co-star in exit update [TRIBUTE]Kris Marshall wife: Who is the Sanditon star married to? [CAST] Charlotte became entangled in a love triangle with Alexander Colbourne (Ben Lloyd-Hughes) and Colonel Lennox (Tom Weston-Jones). It was unclear who she was going to choose between but in the end, it was realised that she was in love with Colbourne. In another expected twist though, Charlotte announced her engagement to local farmer Ralph (Cai Bridgen). He had not previously made an appearance in the drama so there was plenty of confusion all around. Showrunner Justin Young told Decider: “The kind of cliffhanger of the season is that Charlotte is now engaged to Ralph. “So at the top of season three, that’s where we will find her. "And that’s the question going into season three: She loves Colbourne. He loves her. "We know that. But now she’s engaged to Ralph and how is that going to play out?” Sanditon is available to watch on ITV and Britbox.