Netflix’s romantic series Virgin River is coming back to screens to premiere its long-awaited fourth season next week. As fans watched the trailer, many anticipated Mel Monroe (played by Alexandra Breckenridge) would keep the true identity of her baby’s father hidden.  As fans eagerly awaited the release of season four, many were looking forward to finding out the true paternity of Mel’s pregnancy. However, according to some viewers, there’s a clue in the trailer which hints the truth may not be revealed at all. Season three came to a jaw-dropping end after Mel told her boyfriend Jack Sheridan (Martin Henderson) she was pregnant. While this should’ve been a happy moment for the couple, things proved to be complicated after it was revealed the child’s father could be her dead husband. READ MORE: 'You need to be professional!' Helen Skelton's scolding over blunder In the first season, Mel relocated to the small town of Virgin River from Los Angeles for a fresh start after the death of her husband Mark Monroe (Daniel Gillies). This was when she met Jack, a former US marine who owned the local restaurant and bar, and the two fell in love. Despite the new romance buzz, things didn’t go swimmingly for the couple as they discovered Jack’s ex Charmaine Robert (Lauren Hammersley) was pregnant with his twins. As he tried to be a source of support for both women, he soon got overwhelmed and told Mel he didn’t want to have children with her.  This was a huge blow for the nurse practitioner, as she had always wanted to become a mother and was in the process of doing IVF when Mark died. In flashback scenes, the couple were in the car arguing about taking a break from the treatment when Mark suffered his fatal accident. After Jack revealed he didn’t want children with Mel, the pair broke up and after a call from the IVF clinic, Mel travelled back to Los Angeles, where she got inseminated with eggs she shared with Mark. Upon her return, Jack went to win her back and just as he was going to propose, Mel revealed she was pregnant, however, viewers have yet to find out if the father was Jack or Mark.  DON'T MISS...Virgin River season 4 release date: When will Virgin River return? [INSIGHT]Virgin River season 4 theory: Brady's release confirmed in trailer [THEORY]‘Horrifying and hilarious’ Virgin River’s Brie star on challenges [INSIGHT] Taking to Reddit, user _dontcallmepammy wrote: “Jack’s not ready to find out if he’s the dad, as we saw. “Mel’s going to do the test anyway and sit on the news that he’s the dad until it’s bad timing or will use it to win him back when he needs ‘a break’ because they always do or when Jack is jealous of the new doc.” During the trailer, Jack and Mel visited the maternity ward where they were told the issue could be resolved with a “non-evasive paternity test.” However, Jack revealed his fears and was worried his feelings towards the baby would change if it was determined that he wasn’t the biological father.  He told Mel: “I can’t do this right now … because if we find out Mark’s the father it could change how I feel about our baby.” With this admission, the couple could agree to never do a paternity test, however, just as the fan predicted Mel could do it anyway behind Jack’s back. As Charmaine is expected to give birth this season, things could get tense for the couple, which could make Mel reveal Jack’s the father, just to keep him close. Thankfully for fans, it’s not long until they find out if this is the case. Virgin River season four will premiere on Netflix on Wednesday, July 20. 