Sky News' Political editor Beth Rigby explained what acclamation meant for the leadership candidates running to take over Boris Johnson's position as Prime Minister since he was ousted from office last week. Then the political editor explained comments from Boris Johnson during PMQs in which the incumbent Prime Minister hinted at his successor being swiftly elected. Ms Rigby also noted that Mr Johnson had refused to tell her which candidate he was backing as he claimed he did not want to affect the race. Sky News host Kay Burley said: "Leaving he will be, now Beth, what did he mean by acclamation?" Ms Rigby said: "That was quite an... A moment at PMQs because what can happen is when you whittle down the candidates you get to the final two. "If one person pulls out, or the Party overwhelmingly go to one, the effectively that is anointed acclamation. "This is why what happened with Theresa May, you'll remember when Andrea Leadsom dropped out of the race. "And they never had to go around the country, now what was arresting about that, was number one, that is clearly not what Sir Graham Brady has said that he wants. "A share of the 1922 Committee, publically said that he has sort to assurances from candidates that the members will have a say over the summer when the final two go toe to toe.  JUST IN: 'Very naturally!' Camilla praises Kate's 'extremely good' and 'relaxed' photography skills     "And try and convince those 100,000 or so party members to vote for them. "So the Prime Minister saying that is, actually odd, that's not as we understand what the process will be. "And I wondered whether he was being a bit frisky as well, in that, there was Liz Truss sitting next to him. "And he hasn't publically said, that he's backing anyone, in fact, he said when I asked him, did he feel betrayed and he said I'm not getting into how I feel. "Or who I might be supporting because I don't want to affect the race, but the symbolism of Liz Truss sitting there after all of the key allies in Cabinet... Or two of the at least publically backed her, does he want Liz Truss to be anointed?"  READ MORE:Tory leadership contest down to EIGHT as surprise candidate crashes out of race to be PM     Ms Truss has always been a close aid to the Prime Minister as she took the position of Foreign Secretary and Brexit Chief negotiator. The beginning of Mr Johnson's ousting last week came after Chancellor Rishi Sunak and Secretary for Health and Social Care Sajid Javid stepped down, which caused many other Conservative MPs to resign, Fifty-nine between Cabinet members, ministers, PPSs and envoys stepped down before Mr Johnson announced his resignation. The ongoing Prime Minister's days in Parliament are numbered, as the race is on to find his replacement. Mr Johnson even explained during PMQs that it could be his last confrontation with the leader of the opposition party Sirk Keir Starmer. DON’T MISS: Moment Penny Mordaunt destroys Angela Rayner in 'greatest Labour put-down' - VIDEO[INSIGHT]Biden jets to Israel amid fears Iran plans on sending Russia several hundred drones [REVEAL]Brexit POLL: Should next Prime Minister seek to rejoin single market? [SPOTLIGHT]  There has been much speculation about whether Mr Johnson felt betrayed by members of his Cabinet, such as Rishi Sunak and Liz Truss, now running to take over his position as leader of the country. British Conservative MP Alberto Costa said: “Margaret Thatcher used that word treachery, I think she said famously, ‘it's treachery with a smile on its face’. But the real difference then was over policy. “Now we don't have a policy dispute. Rishi resigned, he explained why he resigned on the issue of integrity and I repeat, Boris Johnson has all the skill sets, the experience, the knowledge, the ability to have been a great Prime Minister. “It’s not my fault that he's had to resign, it’s not Rishi’s fault, it’s not anyone’s fault but the man that has held or holds that office. “He has to look himself in the mirror and ask himself why he felt that he was unable to maintain the trust of the parliamentary party and the country at large.”  