The 35-year-old law graduate died in the early hours of last Sunday as she walked home in Ilford, east London, an area she knew well. A man has been charged with her murder. Farah Naz, Ms Aleena's aunt, said her "big-hearted" niece "was the joy, the light of our home". She spoke of the family's determination to "change something" in honour of the "extrovert". Ms Naz said: "I want to reach out and do something important and act, because that's what Zara was about - we have got to change something. "I want to speak to the leaders of this country, I want to talk about the setting up of projects right now to prevent violence."  Ms Naz said her niece was conscious of the dangers women faced, particularly following the recent murders in London of Bibaa Henry, Nicole Smallman, Sarah Everard and Sabina Nessa, but felt "safe" walking in her local community where she was "known to everybody". Ms Naz added: "Zara was not a woman who was unaware that there were dangers in the world. "She did not imagine what happened to those women would happen to her. "She didn't know she was going to be on this list because in her mind she took those precautions."   She added: "She was not ignorant to the fact that women get hurt. This isn't about making the streets safe, it's about changing the mindset." Ms Naz said the family have been inundated with condolences and offers of support, including from the families of Ms Henry, Ms Smallman and Ms Nessa. She said: "Our whole community has reached out to us and let us know how devastated they are and how crushed they feel and how unsafe they feel."  Ms Naz said her niece was "the happiest she had ever been", having begun working for the Royal Courts of Justice five weeks before she was killed. Hundreds of people are expected to turn out for a silent vigil for Ms Aleena this afternoon, to "walk her home." Weeping, Ms Naz added: "We will never get through this, but it (the walk) will help us."  Suspect Jordan McSweeney, 29, of Dagenham, east London, appeared at the Old Bailey yesterday accused of murder, attempted rape and robbery. He entered no pleas and was remanded in custody. 