As the race to become the next Prime Minister heats up, potential candidate Rishi Sunak proposed a pledge to fine no-shows £10 for not attending GP appointments. The move has become a hot topic of discussion, and while many people support the idea, others believe it could cause a massive problem.   Rishi Sunak and Liz Truss are currently campaigning to become the Conservative Party’s next leader and Prime Minister. As part of his campaign, Sunak unveiled a new plan to tackle the rising number of people missing their GP appointments. Under his leadership, Sunak revealed there would be a £10 fine for those who were no-shows. He stated the penalty charge was “the right thing to do when we’ve got people crying out for treatment.” READ MORE: BBC's Mike Bushell leaves guest gobsmacked after he runs off    While many agreed this would help discourage people from missing their appointments, others argued it wouldn’t be possible. Speaking on GB News, political commentator Andre Walker stated: “I applaud him (Rishi Sunak) and if it’s popular among the viewers, it's popular among the viewers. “My instinct is this... it’s probably not the time to pull it out when he’s far behind in the leadership election.” Andre added: “He’s taken to the TV saying that he’s attempting to be responsible but not promising tax cuts and coming up with unpopular policies.”    Arguing against the pledge Anthropologist Mary Ann Ochota disclosed: “I think the £10 thing is fine. “Fundamentally, the reason I think it's another nonsense bauble, a sort of distraction is because that’s not going to address the massive underfunding of the NHS.” She added: “The fact that A&E services are crumbling, the fact that nurses and doctors are at breaking point, nurses are going to food banks for goodness sake, and they hesitate to strike because they realise the importance of the jobs they do. “You can’t keep pushing because the system is broken, people wait hours for 999 ambulances, how is a £10 going to make a difference.” DON'T MISS...NCIS’ Pauley Perrette ‘really excited’ as she makes rare TV return [INSIGHT]Coronation Street theory: Stephen Reid is Aaron Sandford's father [THEORY] Alastair Stewart health: GB News host suffered common hip injury [INSIGHT]    Presenter Stephen Dixon explained the fine wasn’t a “deterrent” but instead about the “money which was wasted by people to tuning up.” To which Mary Ann responded: “It is, but it’s a drop in the ocean.” Andre hit back: "A third of appointments missed, that is a far more catastrophic problem than I realised." However, people missing their GP appointments has been a major issue for the NHS. According to the Sunday Telegraph, the pledge could save the NHS up to £200million each year, as every missed appointment costs the health service an average of £39.    Speaking to Express.co.uk, GP and clinical director Dr Sarah Jarvis revealed: “GP appointments are very precious because there aren’t enough of us. “If people choose to make an appointment and then not turn up, that’s an appointment that could have gone to somebody else. "I’ve always been vehemently against the idea of fining people for using the NHS, but I think that’s very different to fining people for abusing the NHS.” Dr Sarah added: “If you have an appointment and you suddenly find at short notice that you can’t make it, everybody has mobile phones.”  GB News is available to watch on Freeview, Sky and Virgin Media.  