The Duke of Sussex is "a little more vocal" on the pitch than his brother and father, according to an experienced polo watcher who analysed the Dukes and the Prince of Wales' game style. Sharing their personal view on how Charles, Harry and William fare when playing polo, the long-time commentator outlined the main characteristics of the princes on the pitch. The polo watcher, who preferred to remain anonymous, stressed all the three royals are very good players, in particular when considering that, due to their duties, they have a limited amount of time to dedicate to practising the sport. Speaking about the Prince of Wales's style, the commentator said: "Prince Charles was a very steady player in English term, he was taught to ride very well, he was a brave and talented player who preferred to play at four or three rather than as a forward. "He had some very nice ponies and played extremely well until he retired from the game. "His knowledge of polo from his uncle, Lord Louis Mountbatten, and others was extensive and he played a very polite game, he was included in many teams because he could be trusted to do the right thing at the right time and was very courteous, charming and polite on the field." The heir to the throne retired from polo in November 2005, just days after turning 57. The Queen's heir had taken part only in charity matches since 1992, but prior to that year he had played competitively in teams across the world. After having played the sport for four decades and having got to an impressive 4 goal - the rating with which polo players are classified by an independent committee - his spokesman said: "He decided to bow out gracefully, but regretfully." Charles's sons Harry and William, who had started to play the game as teenagers, picked up their father's legacy in the game and continue to play to this day. Describing William's style, the commentator highlighted how the Duke of Cambridge had to "reorder his brain" to be able to play polo. They said: "The Duke of Cambridge is gifted because he has had to overcome the fact that he is left-handed and he has to play polo with his right hand. READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Prince Harry 'spotted' with Archie on July 4th "So he had to learn the game to reorder his brain, if you like, in order to be able to be part of a polo team." Describing William's style on the pitch when he was younger, the polo watcher said: "He reached 1 goal and again as his father he was very courteous and steady and he only played in the forward line in big teams. "And of course as his duties in the Army at the Air Force came upon him he played a little less, but he used to put together a team with his brother in clubs like Windsor and elsewhere and has raised an awful lot of money by playing for good causes. He plays occasionally now. "He is a steady player, he is balanced, he rides exceptionally well, and he plays his part as a number 2 player in the forward line. "He can be trusted as well to know the rules and get on the right place and he never gets frustrated or cross, he plays with courtesy, knowledge and fun." Prince Harry - who much like his brother got to 1 goal, has a very different style than his close relatives when playing the game. The commentator said: "Of the three of them, he is the more fiery, he is a real competitor. "He gets a little more excited than the other two, but that befits his nature in terms of having been a soldier in Afghanistan. "He is determined, he knows the game well and he is very, very effective. "A little more vocal than his father and his brother and he is always an asset in the right team. "And he could be trusted to play up in the front because he is a very good rider indeed and he is an extremely good striker of the ball, and the advantage there of course is that he is right-handed, so he finds it slightly easier than his brother." The polo watcher explained William and Harry's ability as players can be demonstrated by the fact that they were never demoted to Nought goal over the years despite treating polo just as a hobby due to their more pressing commitment as fathers, husbands and charitable leaders. They said: "For the Duke of Cambridge and the Duke of Sussex to get to 1 goal in the modern era is just as impressive as their father['s 4 goals], because it's a faster game nowadays, the ponies are better and therefore you've got to be able to play. "And therefore as amateurs, and I am not saying Prince Charles is a professional, to play with one goal is hugely impressive considering their other duties and they turn out from time to time in support of good causes. "If they played every week I'd expect William and Harry to be at least 3 goals because they have monitored the game from a young age and their experience would mean they would rapidly make a difference to a team and their handicap would be put up by these independent committees." Prince William, who in the past played in several charity matches with or against his brother, showed off his polo skills on Wednesday, when he returned to the pitch for the annual Out-Sourcing Inc. Royal Charity Polo Cup. Playing as number 2 alongside polo England captain James Harper, the Duke's won the cup and raised £1million for 10 charities linked to the Cambridges. Prince Harry, who relocated with his family to California in late March 2020, signalled he still very much loves polo as it emerged in May he joined the Los Padres team which, based in Santa Barbara, is led by his friend and professional player Nacho Figueras.