Arsenal and Everton have reportedly turned down the chance to sign Thomas Lemar this summer, prompting the Frenchman to sign a new deal with Atletico Madrid. The former Monaco winger has put pen the paper on new terms at the Wanda Metropolitano, where his salary has been slashed ahead of the 2022/23 season. Yet while Diego Simeone has turned Lemar's fortunes around at Atletico, they were still open to a sale this summer at the right price. L'Equipe claim Lemar was offered around and the Gunners and Everton were two of the clubs to be presented with the chance to sign the France international. However, neither obliged and Lemar is now set to remain in La Liga, which he won in the 2020/21 season as Atletico pipped Real Madrid to the title by two points. Back in August 2017, Arsene Wenger was prepared to pay eye-watering money to sign the forward during his time at Monaco. READ MORE: Arsenal decide next two signings after agreeing Oleksandr Zinchenko transfer deal According to Sky Sports, the Gunners offered Monaco £92m on deadline day to sign the forward, a figure that would have shattered their club record (£52m for Alexandre Lacazette earlier that summer). Arsenal had previously gone in with an offer of £30m which was rejected out of hand by Monaco. Liverpool also tried to land Lemar, making two bids that were also rejected by Monaco in one of the most dramatic deadline day sagas in recent years. It was also further complicated by Lemar's involvement with France, who were preparing to play the Netherlands in Paris. Arsenal are in the market for another winger this summer after failing in their attempts to land Raphinha from Leeds. The Brazilian had been the subject of an opening bid by the Gunners before Barcelona eventually swooped in to beat Chelsea to a deal. There has also been speculation surrounding a potential move for Leroy Sane but those claims are believed to be baseless as things stand. The Bayern winger, who won two Premier League titles with Manchester City, has struggled to live up to expectations since returning to the Bundesliga, where he previously featured for Schalke. PSV Eindhoven's Cody Gakpo is another name that could fall under consideration. Ultimately, additional signings are expected to be dependent on potential outgoings. Mikel Arteta has made a number of players available for transfer this summer including Nicolas Pepe, Bernd Leno, Ainsley Maitland Niles and Hector Bellerin. Others could also depart to bolster Arsenal's spending power for the final weeks of the transfer window.