Nearly five months since the Kremlin's invasion of Ukraine, supermarkets continue to sell Russian fuel. Sainsbury's, Tesco, Morrisons and Esso are all guilty of "funding" Vladimir Putin's "bloody war," campaigners claim. While a UK ban on Russian oil imports starts at the end of this year, Ecohustler online magazine says the big stores cannot name any concrete actions they are taking to cut ties with Russian oil traders. The Daily Express is backing demands for all UK fuel retailers to stop funding the war with a ban on selling Russian-origin oil products immediately. Matt Mellen, spokesman for the Pumping For Putin campaign, said: "Nobody wants Russian blood oil being sold in this country. We need the big fuel retailers to step up and take action now." A recent YouGov poll commissioned by Greenpeace found that almost three-quarters (74 per cent) of Britons do not know supermarkets are still selling Russian diesel.  Elena Polisano, Greenpeace UK oil and gas campaigner, said: "If retailers truly want to stand by Ukraine, they should make sure they're not filling their pumps with Putin's diesel that is directly funding his bloody war." Most fuel in Britain is not imported from Russia, but a lack of domestic refining capacity means imports of Russian fuel make up a fifth of the diesel used in the UK every year. This has raised concerns that even after a ban the Kremlin could still profit from the continued use of Russian fuel imported from third-party countries. Responding to the criticism, Andrew Opie, director for food at the British Retail Consortium (BRC), whose members include the supermarkets in question, said: "Our members are fully committed to phasing out Russian oil in line with the Government's decision and are working to do so as quickly as possible." The BRC said that if fuel retailers cut out supplying from this source now, there would be less fuel, and diesel prices would soar even further.  It is unlikely you would ever expect me, the founder of the respected FairFuelUK Campaign, to support Greenpeace, the anti-petrol and diesel vehicle idealists. While their positioning tends to be emotive rather than logical, I do support their intentions to stop a murdering tin-pot dictator profit by selling diesel in the UK through the back door. Greenpeace says at least eight tankers carrying £220million of Russian oil imports arrived in Britain after the Ukraine invasion. Our government has banned Russian-owned or operated ships from docking in UK ports, but other ships flying different flags still import Russian fossil fuels.  Those Ruskies are putting two fingers up to our tissue paperstrength penalties. The Kremlin's diesel is still being delivered to our forecourts as I pen this piece too. And that is why I and FairFuelUK are backing the "Pumping for Putin" stickers campaign. The big supermarkets and certain branded big-oil forecourt owners seem not to be asking where their diesel originates. With any morality, they must refuse to take refined oil that has a gossamer sniff of coming from Russia, even via clandestine international routes. 