Yellowstone is coming back to The Paramount Network in November and Jamie Dutton (played by Wes Bentley) may answer for his sins. After finding out the truth about his childhood, he questioned where his loyalties should lie. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about where Jamie was born.  Jamie Dutton has faced the wrath of his family ever since the first season, for reasons that come to light in season three. The attorney believed he was the son of John Dutton (Kevin Costner), having grown up on the ranch in Montana. His sister Beth (Kelly Reilly) continued to make a case that he was a bad influence on the family. John finally understood her grievances when she opened up about how Jamie betrayed her when she was a child. Later in the series, Jamie found out that he was actually adopted by John as a baby. READ MORE: Mo nationality: Where is the Yellowstone star from? Jamie was born in Bozeman, as James Michael Randall, according to his birth certificate. He was the son of Garrett (Will Patton) and Phyllis Randall, but his father spent Jamie's childhood in prison. He admitted to killing his wife, who was a drug addict, with the intention of giving his son a better life in the care of others. Jamie was then adopted by Evelyn (Gretchen Mol) and John, where he came to live on the ranch. He may not have been close to all of his siblings, but he does have a special bond with some of them. After learning he was adopted, Kayce (Luke Grimes) insisted Jamie still call him 'brother'. Sadly the same could not be said for Beth, as when she was younger, Jamie gave permission for her to be 'sterilized' without telling her. This means she has been unable to have children of her own ever since she fell pregnant as a youngster. Once John found out what had happened, he was furious at Jamie's betrayal. Feeling like he had no one left, Jamie went in search of his real father. DON'T MISS... Yellowstone plot hole: What happened to the dinosaur bones story? [DISCUSSION] Yellowstone season 4 UK release date: When is it on Paramount Plus? [EXPLAINER] Tanaya Beatty nationality: Where is the Yellowstone Avery star from? [INSIGHT] Garrett told Jamie there was a way he could claim power over the ranch, by "killing the king". For a while, Jamie felt as though he had made the right decision to revert back to his roots. However, it later transpired it was not a good idea and he paid the price for it. While Jamie was born in Bozeman, actor Wes Bentley was born in Jonesboro, Arkansas. The 43-year-old was raised in Little Rock and he is the third of four sons. The father-of-two married producer Jacqui Swedberg in 2010. Wes is featured in a short clip on the official Yellowstone Instagram account, showing behind-the-scenes action from season five. Fans took to the social media platform to show sympathy for Jamie, saying he "deserves better". Oonmcgrath said: "Why is Jamie so loyal to his family when they treat him so badly." Hopefully, viewers will see his redemption arc in the upcoming season.  Yellowstone season 5 airs on The Paramount Network from November 13.