The Prime Minister and his wife are reportedly due to hold the gathering at Daylesford House in the Cotswolds this weekend. The Grade I listed home is owned by businessman Lord Bamford who chairs JCB and is reported to have donated some £14million to the Tories since 2001. Sources told the Mirror the Tory peer is was covering some of the party's cost. It is believed Mr and Mrs Johnson will enjoy food, wine and dancing in the grounds of the Georgian country house. The Johnsons were reportedly planning to host a party and the Prime Minister's grace-and-favour mansion Chequers this month, but the plans were called into question after Mr Johnson announced his resignation on July 7. Mr Johnson married Carrie in a low-key ceremony at Westminster Cathedral in London in the middle of the coronavirus pandemic last year.  They marked the occasion with a gathering in the Downing Street garden, but due to Covid restrictions in place at the time the number of guests was capped at 30. A No. 10 spokesman said: "We do not comment on speculation regarding private or family matters which do not involve any ministerial declarations or taxpayer funds." The Chequers party was reportedly planned for Saturday. Lord Bamford is close to Mr Johnson and backed his bid for leadership of the Conservative Party in 2019.   READ MORE MEGHAN SAVAGED IN HOLLYWOOD ROW Last year he joined the Prime Minister at JCB's factory in Vadodara, Gujarat, during Mr Johnson's two-day trip to India. Mr Johnson also drove a Union Jack flag-themed JCB with the words "Get Brexit Done" through a fake wall during a visit to the company's Uttoxeter-based cab manufacturing centre while on the campaign trail in 2019. Meanwhile on Wednesday, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky said he does not want Mr Johnson to disappear after he stands down as Prime Minister. Mr Zelensky noted he has "no right" to interfere in the UK's domestic affairs, but claimed he would like Mr Johnson to be somewhere in politics in a position to be someone.  DON'T MISS: TalkTV host blasts EU travel chaos as Portugal uses e-gates [REVEALED] Brexit LIVE: EU summer travel hell silences 'desperate' Rejoiners [LATEST] Farage blasts Rishi over 'spent my life in business' claim [REPORT] He made his remarks in an interview on Piers Morgan Uncensored, where he appeared alongside his wife, First Lady Olena Zelenska. The interview will be aired in full on TalkTV at 8pm tonight.  On whether he would support a campaign to have Mr Johnson back as prime minister, Mr Zelensky told Piers Morgan: "I have no right to play in politics inside the UK. What I can say is he is a big friend of Ukraine. "I want him to be somewhere in politics in a position to be someone. I don't want him to disappear, but the decision is in the hands of the British people. "But I am sure that whatever position he is going to take, he is always going to be with Ukraine. This is from the heart." Mr Zelensky was also asked about Tory leadership hopefuls Rishi Sunak and Liz Truss and what message he would like to send them.  He said: "What can I say? I would be happy to cooperate very closely like we used to have with Boris. The same close relationship with the UK and Ukraine. "I know those two candidates are very respectful, and they have the support of the people and the society from the UK. We know about this support. We know about the positive strength of those leaders. We would be happy to cooperate with whoever is elected as leader. "I used to have contact with Liz Truss. Whoever is the leader, the highest level of support will be provided from the Ukraine." 