The 54-year-old man was reportedly found in the resort town of Stalida on the northern coast of the island in Greece. Beachgoers sounded the alarm after realising the man hadn't moved from his sunbed for hours, according to local news service Creta Post. Emergency services were called and they rushed to the scene in a desperate bid to save his life. The Brit was rushed to Heraklion University Hospital but was sadly pronounced dead. An autopsy will take place to determine the cause of death. Stalida, located on the northern coast of Crete, is one of island's most popular tourist destinations, known for its family-friendly beach. The Greek town is quieter than the neighbouring resorts of Malia and Hersonissos. It is said to have a more relaxed atmosphere with a wide array of bars and restaurants. It comes after a British tourist died in Majorca after reportedly falling from the seventh floor of a hotel in the popular resort of Magaluf. In May, the 34-year-old man died in the horrifying accident at the South Beach Hotel located on Notari Alemany in Calvià on the Spanish island. He fell more than 50ft to his death. The British tourist reportedly instantly and "there was nothing that could be done" to save him. Emergency services had rushed to the scene before the man was pronounced dead. READ MORE: Firefighters descend on city rocked by huge 'explosions'  Doctors from a local medical centre also attended but were unable to revive him. Police in the Spanish party hotspot opened an investigation into the incident. A Civil Guard spokesman said at the time: "The dead man is a 34-year-old British man. "The incident is very recent and there’s not a lot we can say at the moment as the investigation is ongoing." DON'T MISSHot weather LIVE: School, road, rail and water alerts as UK faces 41C [LATEST]Heathrow Airport chaos: Passengers fume at 'utter carnage' with queues [PICTURES]Drivers warned of huge £5,000 fines for not using air con this summer [REPORT]  Last month, a British tourist died after falling 65ft from a cliff at a popular tourist spot in Peru. The 22-year-old suffered serious injuries after falling down a ravine on Circunvalación Avenue in Cuzco. The incident happened when the youngster was climbing the rocky hill at the height of the Casona del Inca with two friends. Emergency services rushed to the scene and he was transferred to the hospital, but died as a result of his injuries.