The 48-hour heat period started in the early hours of this morning has been labelled as “exceptional”. Cambridge recorded 38.7C back in 2019, and this is the closest the country has got to such temperatures. But the Met Office says there is an 80 percent chance this record may be smashed this week. Looking at today and tomorrow - the hottest temperatures are likely to strike towards the end of this intense heatwave. Much of the country is blanketed in an amber weather warning, but only specific parts of south and central England are highlighted in red. This includes London, Hertfordshire, small parts of Kent and Essex, Milton Keynes, Oxford, Cambridgeshire, Peterborough, Leicestershire, Derby, Stoke-on-Trent, Manchester York and Leeds. This indicates an extreme hot spell which leads to “widespread impacts on people and infrastructure.” The danger to life warning extends to the entire population, with adverse health effects possible. Today the mercury is set to hit 38C - but this temperature is set to rise by a possible three degrees in the next 24 hours. The Met Office says: “Some models are now producing a 50 percent chance of maximum temperatures in excess of 40C in isolated parts of the UK. “Mid, to high, 30C will be seen more widely with an 80 percent chance we will exceed the current record.” The likelihood of temperatures reaching 40C is not impossible and is not just confined to the places under the Met Office’s red weather warning - as an interactive weather model, WX Charts shows. READ MORE: New maps show how HEAVY rain will bring extreme heat to shattering end From noon tomorrow 40C is predicted to swamp London, parts of west Essex, Hertfordshire, Birmingham, Cambridgeshire and Norfolk. By 3pm more counties and areas will follow suit, with Kent recording 40C and Cambridgeshire potentially leading the way with 41C. In the north, Manchester and parts of Yorkshire will also hit 40C by mid afternoon. There will be no rest when it comes to the evenings, as temperatures are set to stick in the mid 30s. DON'T MISS:Putin's shocking progress exposed by MoD: 'No advances!' [REPORT]MoD and BAE to partner in Glasgow and build new shipyard [REVEAL]Putin's 'weak points' devastated as US rockets hit [INSIGHT] Met Office chief meteorologist Paul Gundersen, said: “Nights are likely to be exceptionally warm, especially in urban areas. “This is likely to lead to widespread impacts on people and infrastructure. “Therefore, it is important people plan for the heat and consider changing their routines. "This level of heat can have adverse health effects.”