David, 47, plays mentally unstable Michael in Theresa Rebeck’s West End production alongside Bill Pullman who features as his terminally ill father Daniel. The dark comedy shows the dysfunctional relationship between them both as they navigate through their own problems. Ahead of his stint on stage, the Stranger Things actor opened up about his own bipolar diagnosis.    Mad House hit theatres at the end of June and has been heavily praised by critics. The Stranger Things actor revealed after having conversations with Rebeck, many of his own experiences with mental health were written into the play. Speaking to BBC Breakfast, David said: “I’ve struggled with that myself throughout the years. “It was important for me to portray a sort of unsentimental and rich portrayal of people who struggle.”    "I personally was diagnosed with bipolar disorder. “I think it’s something that, as a society, we talk about and say we want to open a dialogue about this or we want to start a conversation about mental illness. “This long-form two and a half hour play was my way of doing that. “Showing all the complexity and all the layers.”    David revealed the specifics in the play aren’t based around him explicitly but he was able to draw on experiences from his past. He continued: “The idea of someone who feels crazy in a world of callousness, is definitely at the heart of what I experienced when I was younger." The 47-year-old was diagnosed with bipolar disorder when he was 26 and revealed he could’ve easily ended up homeless if it wasn’t for his family. Previously speaking to the Big Issue magazine, David divulged: “There were times in my life where very easily I could have ended up on the streets. DON'T MISS...Stranger Things: Is Will in love with Mike? [INSIGHT]Stranger Things season 4 volume 2: What happened to Jason? [EXPLAINER]Stranger Things star opens up on challenging season 4 death scene [INSIGHT] “Luckily I had a family who could support me through those lean and very trying times." Elsewhere in the interview, David spoke about losing weight for his role as Jim Hopper in Stranger Things. He revealed that he shifted just over five stone in order to slim down for the latest series which saw his character held captive in a Russian prison. David shared: "It’s not easy, it’s a lot of not eating when you lose that much weight, and being hungry."    David began acting on broadway in 1999 and has since starred in many shows and films including Quantum of Solace, Revolutionary Road and End of Watch. Although he didn’t find fame until he was cast in the award-winning Netflix show Stranger Things as Hopper. He has become one of the shows most well-loved character and has featured in all four seasons. When the show first aired in 2016, the actor admitted he was worried that nobody was going to watch the show which has since become a global phenomenon. BBC Breakfast airs daily on BBC One from 6am and Stranger Things is available to stream on Netflix now.   