After the pandemic, everyone could do with a happiness boost. But where are British expats likely to be the happiest? A new survey from travel company iVisa has found the happiest cities in the world by ranking them based on key factors. The researchers looked at life expectancy, amount of sunshine, cost of living, friendliness of locals and hours worked. READ MORE: Airline set to install world’s first bunk beds for economy passenger  The happiest city in the world is Lisbon, the stunning Portuguese capital. The city gets an incredible 2,801 hours of sunshine a year. Residents tend to work an average of 31 hours a week which gives them time to enjoy the city’s many attractions. It’s also the second friendliest city in the world so British expats are likely to get a warm welcome. Lisbon has some high-profile fans as both Madonna and Monica Belucci call the Portuguese city home.  Spain is one of the UK’s top destinations for expats and while many Britons choose to move to Benidorm, Barcelona could be a better choice. The coastal city is one of the world’s top weekend destinations and even has its own beach. Citizens have an average life expectancy of 84 years and work an average of 30 hours per week. The city also scored highly when it came to the cost of living which is lower than in other Western European cities. READ MORE: Simon Calder says UK is worst hit by travel chaos Many Britons might dream of living on a Greek island Mamma Mia style, but the capital city Athens could be where they’re happiest. The capital city of Greece was rated as the third friendliest city in the world and has a high number of sunshine hours. Rome took the fourth spot while Madrid and Istanbul also made the top 10 happiest cities. Outside of Europe, Sydney was the highest scoring city and is a popular expat choice with an estimated 150,000 Britons living there. Toronto and San Jose were the only North and Central American cities to make the list of happiest cities. Both have average life expectancies of over 80 while San Jose in Costa Rica has the world’s friendliest people. In Asia, Bangkok was the only city to make the list and has an incredible 2,639 hours of sunshine a year. Brighton was rated the happiest city in the UK and was ranked just outside the top 10 in place 13. 