Former Aston Villa striker Gabby Agbonlahor has told Chelsea that they need “three or four” more big signings after Raheem Sterling if they want to compete with Manchester City and Liverpool this season. The Blues have agreed a fee for the England star of £47.5million as new owner and acting sporting director Todd Boehly looks to make a splash in his first transfer window. Sterling is set to become Chelsea’s first signing of the summer, and they will also be on the hunt for defenders after losing Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen to Real Madrid and Barcelona respectively. Agbonlahor believes defensive reinforcements are necessary, but Thomas Tuchel’s side also need to sign a striker this summer. “He [Sterling] will help them bridge the gap,” Agbonlahor told talkSPORT. “But what was it 16, 17 points behind Manchester City? That is a big gap. They have lost Rudiger, who for me was one of the best defenders in the Premier League last season. “They have got to fill that gap, there is talk of [Matthijs] De Ligt coming in but that’s not done yet. [Romelu] Lukaku has gone, for me they probably need another striker because [Timo] Werner is hot and cold, [Christian] Pulisic and [Hakim] Ziyech are looking like they are going to leave. READ MORE: Everton boss Frank Lampard eyes two signings and 'keen' to sign star “Sterling will make them better, but for me they still need another three or four top players to get anywhere near Liverpool or Manchester City.” Club captain Cesar Azpilicueta and Marcos Alonso have also been linked with moves to Spain this summer, further highlighting the need for Boehly to bring in defensive players this window. Tuchel is reportedly “desperate” for Chelsea’s new owner to fix their defensive woes, and may return to negotiations with Manchester City as they look to bring Dutchman Nathan Ake to Stamford Bridge.  Ake, who left Chelsea for Bournemouth in 2017 before moving to the Premier League champions in 2020, has reportedly agreed personal terms on a return to the club he initially joined as a 15-year-old. The 27-year-old could fill Rudiger’s place on the left-hand side of Tuchel’s favoured back three, though Blues fans will still be hoping for another centre-back to join before the window closes. There have been links with Juventus’ De Ligt, Napoli defender Kalidou Koulibaly and Frenchman Jules Kounde and Presnel Kimpembe. De Ligt plays has played with Ake for the Netherlands national team, but reports have claimed that the 22-year-old does favour a move to Bayern Munich should he depart the Turin club this summer. Though that transfer could mean that Dayot Upamecano becomes available for the right price as the German side may favour a defensive partnership of De Ligt and Lucas Hernandez.