ITV presenters Ranvir Singh and Ed Balls asked Good Morning Britain viewers if it was time to scrap Mr Whippy to reduce carbon emissions. Journalist Afua Hagan and the owner of an ice cream truck were at opposite ends of the debate, with Afua arguing the majority of ice cream vans need to keep their engines running to operate Mr Whippy machines. Many viewers hit out over ice cream being one of the main discussions on the morning news show.  Afua told ITV viewers we all have a "responsibility towards doing what we can to negate the effects of climate change". While she said Mr Whippy was always her ice cream of choice, she explained: "The effects of the carbon dioxide that comes from the diesel of the ice cream vans are part of the reason it's part of climate change." She continued: "Everybody has to do their part, and of course, I don't want to take away anyone's livelihood, it's not about that at all. "It's about everybody doing their part."   READ MORE: Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen on 'isolating' Ravenseat challenges   However, Katy Alston, the president of the Ice Cream Alliance, argued: "We all have a role in reducing our carbon footprint, we all have a responsibility, and we are on that journey. "But like everyone else, it takes time to get there and that is what I think people need to be aware of." She revealed the ice cream industry is working "incredibly hard" to make its vans electric but stressed how the cost of an electric truck would be in the region of £140,000. "Yes you could run a machine like this electrically but you wouldn't be able to move around so you wouldn't be able to do a round around the community," Katy added.  As the debate continued, @MarleyFino1 fumed on Twitter: "Ice cream causes climate change? #GMB is becoming a parody." @Tall&Firey added: "Oh p**s off with your 'drop Mr Whippy' b****y nonsense. #GMB." "I never thought in a million years that we would go LIVE to an ice cream van," @Reegs1985 quipped. @tm_hatton added: "So it’s ice cream vans that are going to kill us all, Jesus wept, why do they report on this garbage I doubt a fridge in a van is melting the polar ice caps?" DON'T MISS...Ranvir Singh hits back at Miliband over climate change warning [MUST SEE]Lorraine Kelly on what Piers Morgan 'hates' her saying about him [UPDATE]Union boss Mick Lynch clashes with Charlotte Hawkins over demands [INTERVIEW] Other viewers suggested ice cream truck owners could instal solar panels on top of their vans. Robert commented: "Fairground rides run on diesel and festivals are run on diesel generators, but let's target the little ice-cream van. Talk about contradictive." Lizzy added: "Let’s face it, how often are ice cream vans really out? A bit of sunshine and the world has gone bonkers #savemrwhippy." Mr Whippy was established in 1958 with a pilot of six vans in Birmingham.  By 1961 there were 150 Mr Whippy vans on the road in England and another 175 in the pipeline. In 1966 Walls Ice Cream acquired 100 percent of Mr Whippy and it remains in their ownership to this day. Dominic Facchino, who was of Italian descent but born in England, is credited with starting Mr Whippy. Good Morning Britain continues on weekdays at 6am on ITV. 