Prince Charles has fulfilled an essential royal duty by standing in for the monarch during several notable events throughout recent months. The Prince of Wales has been thoroughly praised for his work in supporting the Queen through a period of health concerns which have prevented numerous public appearances. While the Queen made a series of welcome public engagements across her Platinum Jubilee weekend, mobility issues have repeatedly interfered with her ability to attend official events. Prince Charles, it seems, has stepped up towards his role as future monarch as he has honourably represented the Queen in royal duties during her period of ill health.  Royal expert Richard Fitzwilliams spoke to the Daily Express to discuss how the monarch has managed royal involvement in official affairs despite her physical absence. Mr Fitzwilliams said: “The fact is that mobility issues prevent her from carrying out a number of royal duties and, sadly, we didn’t see her at Royal Ascot. “I’m sure she’ll be watching on television but she would have come if she could have “There’s no doubt at all that that is the way the monarchy is working - you’ve got the Prince of Wales and then you’ve got the next in line, William, and you’ve got them working in tandem.” The royal expert suggested both Prince Charles and Prince William had become essential agents of the Queen as they have represented the traditional royal presence on several occasions. Mr Fitzwilliams added: “It’s absolutely essential, yes, it seems. “Obviously, at these events, it is difficult. “The Queen will attend what she can as and when advised or when she feels she is able to. “You have to have a royal presence and that has been catered for in the planning.” Read more: Fears Queen's death spells end of monarchy ‘Charles has got to go’ Mr Fitzwilliams indicated that Prince Charles, alongside other leading members of the Royal Family, had been a leading figure in easing the Queen through the recent “tough time.” As part of his duties to the Queen, the Prince of Wales represented the monarch in Rwanda during the annual meeting of Commonwealth leaders. The Queen, who is head of the Commonwealth, has not made international trips since 2015, though her recent mobility concerns have also prevented a number of domestic engagements. The monarch was notably absent from Royal Ascot in June, although the prestigious event was attended by flocks of Royal Family members to uphold the royal presence. Don't miss:Prince Charles: The 3 poignant royal anniversaries for 'Grandpa Wales' [INSIGHT]Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall is beautiful in blue for latest outing [PICUTRES]Future Queen Consorts Camilla and Kate's 'warm' relationship revealed [REVEAL] In May, the Queen announced she would not be able to attend the state opening of Parliament for the first time in 59 years, a ceremony traditionally involving a speech by the monarch. Prince Charles fulfilled her position in a historic moment as he delivered the Queen’s speech on her behalf from the Sovereign Throne in the House of Lords. Despite the increasing responsibilities of the Prince of Wales, the Queen has made clear throughout her reign that she holds no intention to abdicate from her role as monarch. It has also been highlighted by Catherine Haddon, a senior fellow at the Institute for Government think tank, that the Palace is “wary of using the act more widely” as the position of the Queen above other royal ranks should not be undermined. Read next: Meghan poised to swipe 'true power on her own terms' Kate sends Wimbledon crowd wild as she steps out to cheerMeghan Markle 'entitled' to be called princess if Sussex takenSmiling Camilla proves how Kate inspires her during tripPrince Charles and Camilla's wedding - 4 things you might not know