The former TOWIE star, Lauren Goodger,  35, was expecting her second baby, however, has shared the heartbreaking news Lorena has died following her birth on July 8. The reality star was expecting her second child with her on and off  again boyfriend Charles Drury, 24, eight months after the couple welcomed their first child, Larose. In a heartbreaking statement, however, Lauren – whose ex-boyfriend Jake McLean was killed in a car crash last week – revealed little Lorena had died, despite the reality star not suffering any pregnancy or labour complications. She shared a black and white photo of her holding onto Lorena’s hand, writing: "She was the most beautiful healthy baby I’ve ever seen just like her sister @babylarose.x … words can’t describe as a mother losing your baby that I carried for all these months perfectly and gave birth too for my angel to be taken from me. Lauren went on: "She was fine & healthy but I am not going into detail right now just know that there was nothing wrong with her or myself she was perfect I can’t understand it she is so so beautiful Larose twin so similar. “I am broken. I am back home from hospital Me & Charlie spent as much time with our baby girl Lorena and I haven’t said my goodbye yet." READ MORE: ‘I’m paying’ Rylan Clark responds to furious BBC licence fee criticism The star added: “Larose she is my rock that’s getting me through this or I wouldn’t survive… I will never ever get over this but I will learn how to live every day with Lorena in my heart she will be with me always and I will be with her again one day … My Lorena I love you so much.” Friends and followers of Lauren’s shared their condolences, with pregnant Geordie Shore star Charlotte Crosby writing: “Lauren f***ing hell I’m devastated.” The mum has been open about her pregnancy, and after learning she was pregnant again just eight weeks after having her first child, she appeared to be taking it all in her stride. Things haven’t been easy for the reality star over the past year as she and partner Charles split shortly after the birth of Larose, but while they are no longer romantically together, both of them were on good terms and ready to co-parent. The reality star had previously admitted she was “scared” about having a second child so close to her first but is loving being a “hands-on mum”. Lauren told OK! magazine that while Charles was “really pleased” when he learned Lauren was pregnant again so soon after their first child, she was "really in two minds about it". “I was like, 'I’m just getting myself back together – I’m going back to square one. Is this fair?' You get real mum guilt, like, 'What about Larose?' "She’s still a baby, she still needs me, I won’t be able to be there for her." DONT MISS:John Cleese blasts 'cowardly' BBC over Putin  (PHOTOS)Fred Siriex spills on vomiting during 'intense' training sessions (NEWS)Zendaya and Tom Holland's relationship scrutiny heartache laid bare (LATEST) Lauren previously revealed that she suffered a miscarriage after trying for a baby with Jake while competing on Dancing On Ice in 2013. The reality star shared her heartbreak on Channel 5 programme, In Therapy, explaining: "I was on a TV show that was quite intense. I had to try and perform when I was quite far gone. It didn't last." Lauren said: "I'm the type of person who, when something happens, I move on. That's how I am. It's not something I addressed." She told the therapist that she didn't take the time to grieve, saying: "No, I just moved on." In 2019, Lauren was said to have been left feeling "betrayed and upset" after her close pal Yazmin began dating Jake. Jake and Yazmin have endured an on/off romance and it is not known when they rekindled their relationship this year - having previously announced they'd split in January.