Meghan and Harry stepped down from their roles as senior working royals two years ago and relocated to the US to become financially independent and pursue projects as private citizens. They now live in Montecito, California, where they are raising their two children – Archie, three, and one-year-old Lilibet. The couple travelled to New York earlier this week, where Harry addressed the United Nations (UN) general assembly on Nelson Mandela Day, Monday, July 18. READ MORE: William and Harry braced for 'epic clash' as Duke jets to US in 'severe test' for Sussexes This comes ahead of the publication of Harry’s tell-all book which explores his life in the Royal Family and discusses the rift. Royal author Tom Quinn told the To Di For Daily podcast earlier this year that Harry does not want to damage the Firm Mr Quinn explained to host Kinsey Schofield: “I don’t think Harry does want to destroy the Royal Family. I think he just really does want to find a role.” He suggested that the Duke and Duchess of Sussex may consider returning to the Royal Family in the future. He said: “One interesting thing an insider told me… is that both Meghan and Harry believe that when the elder royals die – in other words, Elizabeth – they may well be able when Charles is King, be able to come back and be the part-time royals that they really wanted to be. “So that they would be six months [as] working royals and six months in the States or wherever doing their own thing.” When Meghan and Harry left the Royal Family in 2020 they said they hoped to carve out more “progressive roles” in the Firm by representing the Monarchy alongside pursuing commercial interests. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Harry sent 'dire' three-word warning and told to halt public speeches [UPDATE]Queen braced for major court decision after pain of beloved Prince Philip's death [LATEST]'Has complete respect' Prince Harry fans fume at attack on 'completely unqualified' Duke [INSIGHT] The Queen rejected their “half in, half out” approach at the time, but some have suggested that Prince Charles may be more accepting of a modern approach. Mr Quinn added: “I don’t think Harry and Meghan really want to spend their whole time in the States and not be part of the Royal Family, they just don’t want to do it all the time.” Harry and Meghan reunited with the Windsors at the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations in June. The couple brought their children over to the UK for the festivities and the Queen reportedly met her great-granddaughter Lilibet for the first time. So what do YOU think? Should Meghan and Harry return as “six-month part-time royals”? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below.