When David Williams made his return earlier this year to electronics seller Compsoluk, it contained a computer monitor in the original packaging as required. ++ If you've been affected by this issue or feel you've been a victim of injustice, please contact consumer champion Maisha Frost on maisha.frost@express.co.uk ++; As a further precaution he also took out extra insurance with the courier Evri (formerly Hermes) before dropping it off at a local collection point in Kent. “I then got a message that the recipient had refused to accept the delivery because there was nothing in it. The view was it looked tampered with,” David told Crusader. “I got a picture and saw the package was sealed with white tape, not something I had secured it with. I agreed with the store. Confirmation following saying the box was being returned to me as ‘damaged’.” David calculated he was down £130 overall. “A refund would be good as both I and the seller followed instructions to the letter. I spent many hours putting together the documents and photos they asked for, then banging my head against a brick wall. The service has always seemed ok before, but this is not right.” In its final response customer services told David: “There is no evidence to support the item had been stolen, our last scan shows damage. If you feel the item had been stolen, please take this up with the police.” “This is really disappointing and annoying,” he declared. “I feel I have been dismissed without regard to the circumstances or the extra cover I purchased. It took them six weeks to reject me too.” Crusader agreed and asked Evri both to look at what happened and the way the matter had been dealt with. Now, after a fair review, David has got the refund he deserved, with Evri saying: “We successfully deliver 700 million parcels each year and occasionally sometimes things do go wrong. We’ve apologised to Mr Williams and offered a gesture of goodwill.” David is satisfied, thanked Crusader for our help and has this important advice for others: “The original packaging I had to use clearly signalled what the product was inside,” he explains. “In future I’ll cover up everything I send in black plastic.”