The food content creator with an enormous 646,000 followers on her TikTok account, where she has amassed over 10.2 million likes, testing five popular hacks to keep avocados fresh. Samira Kazan, the winner of Netflix's Crazy Delicious, goes by Alphafoodie online. She runs her blog posting mostly plant-based food and told her followers: "I've tested five avocado storing hacks. I'm going to show you the results." Storing avocadoes in water This hack has gone viral, with some claiming it can keep avos fresh for four weeks. However, there is a big warning attached to this hack. In fact, the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has warned against the hack because it can cause Listeria. It said: "The FDA does not recommend this practice. The main concern saw the possibility that any residual human pathogens (Listeria monocytogenes, salmonella) that may be residing on the avocado surface may potentially multiply during the storage when submerged in water. “In addition, research performed by FDA scientists has shown that Listeria monocytogenes has the potential to infiltrate and internalise into the pulp of avocados when submerged in refrigerated dump tanks within 15 days during refrigerated storage. “In this case, even surface disinfecting the avocado skin prior to slicing would not be able to remove the contamination.” READ MORE: 'Lasts 4x times longer': How to stop cheese going mouldy - avoid common mistake Avocado, citrus juice, and cling film Samira said: "I like this one because after a few days it still maintained its green colour." Lemon juice on avocado is a commonly recommended method to keep it green. Lemon is full of antioxidants, which slow down the ageing properties of oxygen. DON'T MISS'This is amazing': Strawberries hack to keep fruit fresh for a week [TRICK] How to keep guacamole fresh and green for 7 days [HACK] Stop bread going mouldy with simple food storage hack [HOW TO] Avocado and onion It is said onions have properties that help to keep an avocado fresh. The sulfur compounds in onions are thought to stop the browning of the avocado. The hack involves storing avocado in an air-tight container with chopped onion. However, Samira found the hack was not particularly effective. She said: "Definitely not. Not only does it fill the fridge with the smell of onion, but the whole thing is also just wrong." Freezing avocado slices "That one is great," Samira said. "In my opinion, it could be used for smoothies." Avocadoes can be frozen in many forms, whole, in slices, mashed, or pureed. Simple seal the avocado in a plastic or vacuum-sealed bag. Frozen guacamole cubes This hack also includes freezing the avocado, but in a different way. First, mash the avocado. Then simply spoon this into an ice cube tray. Freeze, and when you would like some frozen avo, defrost! Samira said: "I like this one they maintain the coloured one also slightly watery but not bad." Frozen avocado can keep in the fridge for between four and six months.