Roya Nikkhah, royal editor for The Sunday Times, told the Royal Beat show that the royal couple often part ways after a tour together, driving off to different parts of the country for some down time. Ms Nikkhah said when they arrive back from tours, “you’ll see one car come to pick up Camilla” and then the “Prince of Wales’ Aston Martin” comes to take the heir to the throne elsewhere. She later described this as “one of the reasons why that marriage is very successful”.    Ms Nikkhah said: “Quite often when we go on tours with them, we’ll fly back to Brize Norton and you’ll see one car come to pick up Camilla to take her to Ray Mill. “And then Prince of Wales’ Aston Martin, driven by his valet, takes him off to Highgrove. “And I think that is probably one of the reasons why that marriage is very successful. “It’s because they spend as much time together as they do apart and she has her own space. “That’s not to say that Charles does not join her. He goes to Ray Mill a lot.”    Camilla’s Ray Mill property is worth an estimated £850,000 and is located in the stunning Wiltshire area. She acquired the mansion after divorcing her first husband Andrew Parker Bowles in 1994. It is just a 15-minute drive away from Highgrove House, the country home she now shares with Prince Charles. More recently, she used it as the backdrop for her 75th birthday portraits, shot by the Duchess of Cambridge, that were used in Country Life magazine. READ MORE: Mel C on Prince Charles friendship and Spice Girls getting '#MeToo'd' [REVEAL]   Highgrove, as mentioned by Ms Nikkhah, is the private residence of Prince Charles and now the Duchess of Cornwall. It is located near Tetbury in Gloucestershire and Prince Charles has been in residency there since 1980. It has become renowned for its beautiful gardens after the Prince of Wales reportedly spent, and continues to spend, significant time ensuring it remains some of the most innovative greenery in the country. The revelation about the Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall’s keys to marital success comes as it was announced that Charles will  represent the Queen at the Commonwealth Games opening ceremony. DON'T MISS: OK! Royal Special: Princess Diana - Her Life, her legacy [INSIGHT] Camilla is already doing 'good job' of emulating 'role model' Philip  [REPORT] Prince Charles in ship shape as charity is cleared [REVEAL]   As the Queen’s eldest son prepares to take over from the monarch, Buckingham Palace announced that Charles will deliver a speech next Thursday during the launch of the global sporting event being hosted by Birmingham. Charles will be joined by his wife, the Duchess of Cornwall, as well as the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and the Princess Royal and Earl and Countess of Wessex. He will also read a message from the Queen put in the Commonwealth Games Baton, which has been carried to all 72 nations and territories of the Commonwealth during a 294-day journey. During a summit of Commonwealth leaders in Rwanda last month, Charles said he is looking forward to visiting the games. He said: "In a world currently riven by conflict and division, these Games - so aptly called 'the friendly games' - stand as a shining celebration of our unity, our diversity and our pursuit of shared excellence." READ NEXT: Penny Mordaunt defended Trump's talks with Charles: ‘He is committed’Camilla stuns in delicate dress for evening out with Prince Charles Prince Charles cleared over receiving alleged 'cash bags' from SheikhPrince Charles' charity will not be further investigatedCamilla turns heads in 'feminine' £203 dress in Devon today  