Cole Hauser will officially be back as head wrangler Rip Wheeler when Yellowstone returns for season five later this year. While millions of fans await the Paramount Network drama’s next round of crime and corruption, the fan-favourite main cast member has taken to Instagram with a brand new sneak peek behind the scenes. Rip star Cole has shared more snaps of Yellowstone’s idyllic Montana filming location on his personal social media account. His latest Instagram post features some beautiful shots of the landscape complete with the Dutton Ranch’s prize cattle. He also posted two pictures on horseback, once again confirming Rip will have plenty of scenes on his trusty stallion in season five. The long-running star captioned the post: “Pushin cows in the Big Hole… just a slice of heaven. READ MORE: Meghan Markle left ‘disappointed’ by Strictly Come Dancing snub “@yellowstone YS5. No WiFi out here, but I promise you will find a better connection.” There also appear to be some of Cole’s co-stars in the background, though they were too far away from the camera to make out. Down in the comments, Cole’s co-star Kelly Reilly replied: “The best day.” While @jvindstierna said: “Who needs Wi-Fi with that company (the horse) and that view??” “Gorgeous!!!" @soulsseekmeclt exclaimed. “I know you will all do it justice.” “Looks like pure heaven,” @mardim1977 agreed. “So excited for season five, November can't come soon enough.” @medicwife_711 commented: “No wifi is the best part!! Just riding and moving cattle in God's Country.” And @anmathews03 said: “Beautiful!! Can’t wait for the new season!!” (sic) DON'T MISS:Naga Munchetty shut down over persistent Rishi probe [VIDEO]Martin Henderson shares Virgin River season 5 fears [INTERVIEW]Better Call Saul’s Rhea Seehorn pays tribute to ‘legend’ co-star [COMMENT] Updates from the cast may be sparse during filming due to the show’s remote locations, but they have still found time to make sure fans aren’t in the dark. Details of Yellowstone’s season five are being kept under wraps, although viewers have some idea of what could be going down in Montana thanks to some updates from Cole’s co-star. Kelly recently gave an update on John Dutton’s (Kevin Costner) race for Governor, as well as how her character Beth will change her dynamic with her adopted brother and nemesis Jamie (Wes Bentley). “Things have moved forward with John Dutton’s position in Montana,” she confirmed to GoldDerby. “I can’t tell you what. But you might be able to put that together.” And, after returning Jamie back under her thumb, Kelly teased: “Jamie’s back in the fold because he’s now owned a bit by Beth. “So he has to do what he’s told, and he’s a fabulous, brilliant lawyer, so there’s a lot of benefits having him back, fighting on our side. “So there’s an interesting dynamic between them, back together in the family business.” With a few months still to wait, fans will have to keep their eyes open for Yellowstone’s first season five trailer to find out more. Yellowstone season 5 premieres Sunday, November 13 on the Paramount Network in the USA. Seasons 1-3 are available to stream on Paramount+ in the UK.