Chelsea have already received Matheus Nunes' verdict over a potential summer switch as they prepare an opening offer for the Sporting CP midfielder. Nunes has been strongly linked with a Premier League arrival in the current transfer window, and he's had his say on the possibility. Chelsea are reportedly preparing an offer worth £39million plus an additional £4m in add-ons for the 23-year-old, who caught the eye with his exploits in the Primeira Liga and Champions League last season. But it doesn't seem like he is in much rush to depart Portugal. Nunes has revealed he aims to respect his Sporting contract, which expires in 2026, and insisted he is happy at the club and in the Portuguese top-flight. The Portugal international explained there is 'no point' in a move this summer, dealing a blow to Chelsea's hopes. "My goal is to fulfil the contract [until 2026]," he told Portuguese newspaper Correio da Manha (via football.london). "I have a contract with Sporting. There is no point in transferring me. I'm happy at Sporting. The Portuguese league is a great league." JUST IN: Jesse Lingard may snub Tottenham and West Ham amid MLS transfer talks Everton and Wolves have also been credited with an interest in Nunes but showed reluctance to place a bid, which Chelsea looked to exploit with an imminent move. New owner Todd Boehly is yet to complete his first signing since buying the Blues from Roman Abramovich, much to some fans' frustration. Chelsea are the only 'Big Six' club without a new signing in the summer transfer window, and Nunes could've been the first. However, he wants to see out his contract at the Estadio Jose Alvalade, ruling out a potential Premier League arrival ahead of the 2022/23 season. READ MORE: Cristiano Ronaldo's Bayern Munich move threatened as Germans eye star Tuchel's recruitment frustrations this summer have continued with Bayern Munich's swoop for top centre-back target Matthijs de Ligt, who would prefer a switch to Germany. However, Chelsea are closing in on an exciting £45m deal to sign Manchester City forward Raheem Sterling as Boehly plans to back the German coach with as many as six new faces. It's no surprise Tuchel is keen to bolster his midfield. Despite Conor Gallagher returning from his successful loan at Crystal Palace, Jorginho and N'Golo Kante have entered the final 12 months of their current deals. Chelsea have already missed out on Real Madrid's new-boy Aurelien Tchouameni this summer, and Nunes seems to be the latest star to cool speculation over a Stamford Bridge arrival.