Liz Truss was grilled on her Brexit stance as she voted to remain in the European Union during the 2016 referendum. She was also questioned on her ability to carry through Brexit and the Northern Ireland Protocol conundrum. BBC host Nick Robinson began by asking: "And your presentation if you don't want to accept that you're modelling yourself on her (Margaret Thatcher), is that like her you are a conviction politician.   "Now, there's a problem with this, isn't there? You keep changing your convictions. You campaigned for remain. You signed a parliamentary motion, saying it was extreme and outdated. BBC host confronted her with a statement she made in the run-up to the referendum vote in 2016. Remainer Liz Truss said: "They do think that it's all in our interest to communicate the real impact on the ground, the real impact this would have on jobs, on livelihoods. "Because what we know is less trade would mean fewer investments. It would mean fewer jobs and that will impact people's incomes."  BBC Nick Robinson then said: "I don't want to relitigate the Brexit debate; people are bored of it. "Bit this is a question of your judgement. Why did you get it so horribly wrong?" Liz Truss defended: "When people voted for Brexit in 2016, I fully embraced the vhoice that people of Britain have made and their concerns." BB's Robinson jumped in, noting: "So, you changed your mind because people didn't agree with you." Liz Truss justified her decision, saying: "I was wrong. I was wrong and I'm prepared to admit I was wrong. READ MORE: Would be a disaster' Liz Truss reveals her 'biggest fear' as PM "Some of the portents of doom didn't happen," Ms Truss noted. "And instead, we've actually unleashed new opportunities and I've been, Nick, one of the leading figures, driving thsese opportunities. "Whether that's dozens of trade deals, including the deal with Australia that achieved. "Whether it's the work that I've done at the Foreign Office, leading the free world on sanctions (against Russia). BBC's Robinson confronted her again on other U-turns Liz Truss made over the years, pointed out how wrong she was to vote for Brexit. Mr Robinson said: "The reason this matters is because it's a question of whether you really are a conviction politician. You talke about the fight between democracy and freedom with Ms Thatcher. You were going to protesting with your mum and dad. You were very young at the time, we understand you didn't have a choice." DON'T MISS:Now things get really dirty! Tories fear secret 'kompromat' leaks [REVEAL]Brexit LIVE: 'He didn't stand up to EU!' Sunak savaged  [LIVE]Tory peer stuns Burley as 'surprise' issues to lead No10 race [REACTION] Laughing, Ms Truss said: "I was seven years old, Nick!" Mr Robinson continued: "Then you joined the Liberal Democrats. "Then you gave a talk at the Libreal Democrat conference, calling for the monarchy to be abolished.Then you were a remainer. How can we be sure that everything you say is with conviction now, you will not say in six months' time?" Ms Truss defended she is not a "traditional Tory by background given both her parents were left-wing activists but she "developed her political views and ideas." "I think the idea that somebody should have the same views aged 17 as aged 46 is completely ludicrous." READ NEXT:Tory leadership LIVE: Truss handed simple way to 'win next election'Liz Truss' loyalty praised by Jacob Rees-MoggMP claims Labour are 'annoyed' as diverse duo lead in Tory leadershipLiz Truss gaffe leaves PM hopeful humiliatedTory ‘electoral fortunes going south’: New leader to 'resurrect' party