Dame Shirley Bassey was 27-years-old when she was hired to sing the most iconic James Bond theme for 1964’s Goldfinger. The singer even went on to perform the title songs in 1971’s Diamonds Are Forever and 1979’s Moonraker. And now, at the age of 85-years-old, the Welsh legend has shared her favourite 007 scene of all time. It shouldn’t be too surprising that the moment she picked is from her very own Goldfinger. The news was revealed on the official James Bond social media accounts, marking 60 Years of the 007 film franchise by sharing favourite moments chosen by cast and crew. Bassey said: “It’s when Goldfinger captures Bond and straps him to a table. It is a classic, makes me laugh and is rather sensational!” If anything the scene is probably the most famous across the 25 films when the villains almost burns off Bond’s privates with an industrial laser. Connery gives his famous line: “Do you expect me to talk?” Before Goldfinger replies: “No Mr Bond, I expect you to die!” Interestingly, when the singer recorded the title track she ended up collapsing as she tried to hit the top note. This story was shared by Led Zeppelin’s Jimmy Page who played guitar in the recording’s orchestra several years before rising to fame himself. The 78-year-old told GQ last year: “The full orchestra sounded absolutely amazing, but then Shirley Bassey arrived. This was Goldfinger. She arrived with a friend, was very quiet and then was asked to come out and sing. And it took her just one take.” The singer then went blue in the face and fainted since Bond composer John Barry had kept telling her to keep holding the final note for longer and longer. Page added: “And at the end of the tape she collapsed on the floor. At the end of the song, she just held this one note and she basically ran out of breath and collapsed. You know how dramatic she is usually, what with all the stuff she does with her hands, but this was even more dramatic – and I was in the front row of the musicians, so I really had a good view of all of this.” In the end, she even had to remove her bra behind a studio partition between takes so she could hit that last note again and again. DON'T MISSNext James Bond story announced as part of new trilogy – '007 dead?' [NEW BOND STORY]Daniel Craig's favourite James Bond star, 007 movie and next Bond view [DANIEL CRAIG]Next James Bond: Massively overlooked contenders with incredible odds [NEXT BOND]  Barry had come up with Goldfinger in the early hours of one morning after a string of all all-nighters at the piano, much to the irritation of his sleep-deprived flatmate Michael Caine. The actor came downstairs for breakfast, only to be the first person in the world to hear the Bond theme. After playing the tune to him, Barry then promptly fell asleep at the keyboard and the rest was history. SOURCE