Leeds have reportedly submitted a "transfer request" for former Arsenal target Hamed Traore as they seek to sign Raphinha's potential replacement. Sassuolo's CEO revealed the Whites have enquired about the winger's availability as the uncertainty surrounding Raphinha's future rumbles on.   Speaking to Corriere dello Sport, the Serie A side's chief Giovanni Carnevali admitted: “We have received a request [from Leeds]. But I repeat, we will not sell all of them.” The Italian outlet also claims that recently-crowned Scudetto winners AC Milan have expressed an interest in signing the 22-year-old this summer. Alongside his brother Amad, who has since joined Manchester United, Hamed was understood to have been on Arsenal's radar back in 2020, however, the Gunners never acted in earnest on their reported interest. It seems Leeds have though, as they begin preparations for life after star attacker Raphinha. The Brazilian is the subject of an intense transfer saga this summer with Arsenal, Chelsea and Barcelona all understood to be battling it out for his signature. READ MORE: Man Utd stung by Frenkie de Jong update as Barcelona chief casts doubt on 'agreement'   The Gunners saw an initial bid for the 25-year-old rejected out of hand by Leeds, before Chelsea were thought to have matched the Whites' £60million asking price. However, the transfer tussle has since taken another twist. Raphinha himself is understood to have stalled over a move to the Blues as he holds out for an offer from Barcelona. On Saturday, the cash-strapped Catalan club's president Joan Laporta confirmed the player is seeking a move to the Nou Camp this summer, while admitting the Spanish giants are in communication with the Whites' winger. “We have spoken with Leeds," Laporta declared. "I don’t think it will offend them (to say so) because we have spoken personally (with Raphinha) and we are in communication. DON'T MISSMan Utd told to complete mega swap deal after Cristiano Ronaldo transfer revelationMan City identify replacement for Chelsea target Raheem Sterling in Man Utd hijackChelsea owner could offload two fan favourites to fund Frenkie de Jong transfer  "But there are also other clubs that want Raphinha and have made their offers. We know that the player would like to come to Barcelona." As for his potential replacement at Elland Road, Traore made his breakthrough at Empoli before securing a loan move to Sassuolo ahead of the 2019-20 campaign. That move was then made permanent last summer. In the Serie A season just gone, the Ivorian attacker netted eight goals in 32 appearances as he continued to see his profile soar across Europe. Leeds are thought to have been tracking Traore for over six months, but AC Milan are believed to pose a significant threat to their pursuit of the ex-Gunners target. 