With the summer weather in full swing, motorists will be hoping to enjoy sunny road drips and getaways to the beach. However, they have now been warned there are several laws that could easily be broken because of the heat. Every driver wants to be as comfortable behind the wheel as possible. This can often be achieved by wearing comfortable clothing and shoes, as well as snacking while operating a car. And, many drivers are unaware that all of the things mentioned above can result in huge fines. James Armstrong, CEO of Veygo, has warned drivers that while the warm weather is there to be enjoyed, motorists should not get caught out by little-known rules. READ MORE: The 'simple way' drivers can save money on fuel - air con and windows Mr Armstrong said: "Many of us will be keen to make the most of the hot weather and get on the road with a trip to the beach or on holiday. “If you are heading off on long journeys for the first time, it could be worth splitting the driving with a friend with temporary insurance cover to keep you both refreshed and alert." Motoring experts at Veygo have also listed some of the most frequently forgotten driving laws. These are: DON'T MISSMartin Lewis issues warning to drivers over common mistake [WARNING] ‘Confused’ cyclist enters motorway and rides against oncoming traffic [SHOCKING] Petrol station causes traffic chaos after offering discounted fuel [INSIGHT] Drivers who cause an accident while wearing incorrect footwear could end up being charged with driving without due care and attention under the Road Traffic Act of 1988. Anyone found guilty faces a fine of up to £5,000 as well as a minimum of three and maximum of 11 points on your licence. According to the DVSA, drivers must have a sturdy sole, no thicker than 10mm, have enough grip to stop their foot slipping off the pedals, not be too heavy, not limit or restrict ankle movement and be narrow enough to avoid accidentally pressing two pedals at once. READ MORE: Petrol and diesel prices in urban and rural areas are a 'major worry' Mr Armstrong said: “These can all hinder your driving capabilities; but before you set off, pop your shoes of choice in the boot, ready to slip on when you arrive at your destination and have a suitable pair of shoes in the car to drive in.” Vehicles can get extremely hot in the summer. Keeping the inside temperature down is vital as it can impact the driver’s ability to operate a vehicle. Mr Armstrong said: "If you find yourself feeling sleepy then you should pull over in a safe place and take a break. "Don't forget to keep your car cool too and make sure your coolant is topped up before heading out to avoid the engine overheating." Experts at Veygo reminded drivers that clothing can impact their ability to drive safely in hot or sunny conditions. According to Mr Armstrong, inappropriate clothing can include loose or baggy clothes and long skirts. The expert said that these can become trapped in the chair, door and pedals and potentially restrict movement. Mr Armstrong added: “Drivers could also be caught out with a £100 fine and 3 points if they are driving in sunny weather without wearing sunglasses, as it can be difficult to see the road clearly with the glare from the sun beaming through your windscreen. "If you are caught losing control of the car, you will be at risk of receiving a £1,000 fine and 3 points on your licence.” Drivers could be fined £200 and receive six points on their licence if they drive without due care and attention while eating. Mr Armstrong said: “If you need to grab a bite to eat, pull over and enjoy your food or better yet, stop and take a break from driving while you have lunch.”