New Westminster Voting Intention figures from Savanta ComRes of 2,168 UK adults from July 8-10 showed Sir Keir Starmer's party with a massive 15-point lead over the Conservative Party - the biggest gap since 2013. The Labour Party is on 43 percent - up two points from the last poll a week earlier, with the Tories losing four points and languishing on just 28 percent. Savanta ComRes Political Research Director Chris Hopkins said on Twitter that this is the largest lead for any party in a poll since May 2021. But perhaps most notably, he added it is the lowest Tory vote share in any poll since September 2019 and the largest Labour lead in any poll since February 2013. The shocking numbers - the first poll from Savanta ComRes since the resignation of Boris Johnson as Prime Minister last Wednesday - exposes the monumental task facing the winner of the Tory leadership contest. Academic Matt Goodwin: "Totally brutal polling for the Conservatives right now, unsurprisingly. "Another double digit (15pt) lead for Labour. This is Starmer in Number 10 with a majority." Social commentator Adam Brooks also tweeted: "Boris going has collapsed the @Conservatives % in the polls." It has been a disastrous week for the Tories, topped off by the resignation of Mr Johnson after he eventually caved to pressure and headed for the 10 Downing Street exit door. He had been hit with nearly 60 resignations from senior ministers and MPs over a staggering 48-hour period - including from Chancellor Rishi Sunak and Health Secretary Sajid Javid. They all struck a familiar tone in their resignation letters - losing all confidence in the Prime Minister and could no longer serve in the Government. READ MORE: Arch-Brexiteer breaks silence on leadership hopefuls Mr Johnson has been under huge pressure, triggered by the 'Partygate' controversy that saw him fined for attending a Downing Street party during the first Covid lockdown in June 2020. Last month, he survived a vote of no confidence from his own party but then sparked fury over his handling of the Chris Pitcher scandal that ultimately derailed his premiership. A frantic Tory leadership contest is now up and running, with 11 candidates throwing their hat into the ring to replace Mr Johnson. Earlier today, Mr Javid launched his leadership bid and said the recent leaze and scandal in Downing Street had damaged the public perception of politics. DON'T MISS‘You’re second last!’: Shapps bid for Tory leadership blasted by polls [LATEST]Nadhim Zahawi lays out his plans for the future of Britain [COMMENTS]Reeves on the spot over ‘misleading’ Labour summary of Tory tax cuts [VIDEO] The former Health Secretary, who also served as Chancellor under Mr Johnson, warned the Tories face "electoral oblivion" if they do not change. He told an event in London: "Over the last couple of years, our reputation on most values and policies has slid away. "Too many people now believe that Labour are fit to govern. "Some of them say that Labour are more competent and even more likely to cut taxes." Mr Javid also referred to the Conservatives' disastrous general election defeat to Labour in 1997, which saw the opposition rule for more than a decade, and warned the political situation was starting to "feel very familiar". The leadership candidate added: "The way things were going recently, I feared our party was on a trajectory to the same electoral oblivion once again." 