Emmerdale has seen many of its fan-favourites leave over the years, including Alicia Metcalfe (played by Natalie Anderson). She vacated the ITV fictional village in 2015 and hasn't looked back since after starting a new life with her son Jacob. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know on what actress Anderson has been up to in recent years. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Emmerdale. Alicia Metcalfe is the sister of Leyla Harding (Roxy Shahidi) and adoptive mother of Leyla's biological son, Jacob Gallagher. She and her husband Justin Gallagher (Andrew Langtree) were eager to start a family together but Alicia wasn't able to get pregnant. However, Leyla did get pregnant by accident after a one-night stand with Justin and despite wanting a termination, Alicia convinced her not to. Instead, Alicia and Justin adopted the baby which they later named Jacob. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Robert Sugden's return sealed in Victoria twist Alicia Metcalfe is the sister of Leyla Harding (Roxy Shahidi) and adoptive mother of Leyla's biological son, Jacob Gallagher. She and her husband Justin Gallagher (Andrew Langtree) were eager to start a family together but Alicia wasn't able to get pregnant. However, Leyla did get pregnant by accident after a one-night stand with Justin and despite wanting a termination, Alicia convinced her not to. Instead, Alicia and Justin adopted the baby which they later named Jacob. They raised the child without telling him about the truth about his biological mum. In 2015, after things didn't work out between her and Justin, Alicia left Emmerdale. She took Jacob to start a new life in Portugal where she still resides today. Every now and again Alicia is mentioned as members of her family make off-screen visits. Following her exit from Emmerdale, actress Natalie Anderson took a break from acting. She instead started up her own online wellbeing and lifestyle publication called The Capsule,  which also has its own podcast, in 2016. Explaining her mission, Anderson says on its website: "After years of my friends having little time to spend on finding things that make them feel and look better I created The Capsule as a place that does the hard work for them. "With our curated collections in fashion, beauty, travel and food alongside expert advice on wellbeing and lifestyle, The Capsule is the perfect place to stop, take a moment for yourself and gain a little inspiration." DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Abi Franklin loses baby Alfie for good [THEORY]Jeff Hordley addresses 'upset' over Emmerdale co-star's exit  [EXPLAINER]James Moore age: How old is Emmerdale's Ryan Stocks star? [CAST] But it was last year that Anderson decided to dip her toe back into the entertainment industry. This time around, she joined the cast of Channel 4 soap Hollyoaks as Lexi Calder. She even made her movie debut this year, acting alongside Liam Neeson in the film Memory as a character called Maryanne Borden. Anderson has recently revealed that she wouldn't be against returning to Emmerdale. The 40-year-old actress opened up at the Pride of Manchester awards about not shutting the door just yet on the soap. Anderson said: “Well to be honest, I’m really having a great time with what I’m doing on Hollyoaks at the moment. “Obviously never say never – I love Emmerdale with all my heart! But right now I’m just really enjoying Hollyoaks.” Emmerdale airs four nights a week at 7.30pm on ITV.