Rolls-Royce has announced that petroleum industry veteran Tufan Erginbilgic will replace Warren East as the company’s new boss in January. When Mr East announced his intention to step down on the same day Russia launched its Ukraine invasion, the company’s share price plummeted by 13 percent. The announcement of Mr Erginbilgi’s appointment, who is relatively unknown, saw shares go up but only 1.6 percent. But the dip in the company’s share price comes after a turbulent period for the company, which has seen it lose billions over the last few years. According to Ben Marlow, Chief City Commentary of the Daily Telegraph, the new boss “faces an almighty battle to get Rolls-Royce truly airborne again”. Mr East had battled to keep the 11-year-old business and alive and well, but was plagued with obstacles. As Mr Marlow wrote in his opinion piece for the Telegraph “the seemingly cursed Trent 1000 engine caused endless problems”. For instance, turbine blades needed to be redesigned and replaced due to premature rubbing wear, which could have led to cracks of the low-pressure turbine discs. This issue played a role in the Mr East issuing “a thumping profit warning on his second-day in charge”. This was just one of five warnings, and in just his second year in charge Rolls-Royce lost a staggering £4.6billion before tax for 2016. Made worse, the company was forced to fork out £671million in fines to anti-corruption investigators to settle bribery claims that were made before Mr East was made boss. But the pandemic dealt Rolls-Royce an even more devastating blow, forcing it to report a £4billion loss for 2020. This is despite the company raising £7billion in debt refinancing. READ MORE: Thank God we left! UK spared EU energy cuts - thanks to Brexit Back in March 2021, Mr East attempted to raise spirits, saying: “The worst is behind us as far as Covid is concerned. “There is cause to be optimistic about a V-shaped recovery.” But the losses clearly caused significant harm to the firm, which scrambled to cut costs and raise funds by cutting 7,000 jobs out of 19,000 across its global civil aerospace division when the impacts of the pandemic were laid bare. It also slashed its number of UK manufacturing sites from 11 to only five. Mr East described the largest restructuring in the company as a “programme of self-help”. DON'T MISS Xi betrays Putin as China to hand EU £83bn energy lifeline [REPORT] UK could 'hand over' stake in key company to France [REVEAL] Shell gives North Sea gas field go-ahead: ‘No more imports!' [INSIGHT] And in fact last year, the high restructuring savings, a successful Covid vaccine roll-out, and loosening of cross-border travel rules led to a massive rebound in trade for the company. This helped the group return to a £124million profit last year. But Mr Marlow noted that while Mr East “bows out with survival secured”, he “leaves Mr Erginbilgic with an existential crisis on his hands”. But Mr Erginbilgic has claimed there is much to be excited about. He said: “I am honoured to be joining Rolls-Royce at a time of significant commercial opportunity, and strategic evolution as its customers embrace the energy transition. "I am determined to deliver the full potential of the market positions which the company has built over many years, through its engineering excellence and innovative technology, and to build a platform for growth in order to create value for all stakeholders.” This is despite the company’s shares having declined by 69 percent over the last three years. But Mr Marlow too has pinpointed areas Mr Erginbilgic can take advantage of to help the historic British firm thrive. He wrote: The seeds of a recovery are in place. The company’s nascent small modular nuclear reactor (SMR) operation is hugely promising.” In fact, the Rolls-Royce SMR CTO Paul Stein told Express.co.uk in an exclusive interview there is a significant export opportunity for this innovation, which the Government has supported with a £210 grant. Mr Stein told previously told Express.co.uk: “There is a big export potential for the UK. We see it as a significant contribution not only to net zero but a revived UK economy. “The export opportunity for SMRs is £250billion for the total market. We think we have got one of the most competitive designs in the world for SMR and we’re very upbeat in the UK’s role in taking a big share of the global market.” SMRs have are smaller than traditional nuclear power plants and much cheaper and easier to build, which once complete could play a significant role in boosting the UK’s energy security.” And this is not the only Rolls-Royce product that Mr Erginbilgic should be excited about, according to Marlow. He wrote: “There are high hopes, too, for a move into electric powered planes and clean fuel. With a cutting edge in combustion engines that burn hydrogen or artificial fuels, the real elephant in the room for Rolls is decarbonisation.” Rolls-Royce declined to comment.