Joe Biden delivered a pre-recorded speech from the White House this week, addressing the National Organization of Black Law Enforcement Executives. However, the ten-minute-long video included a series of bizarre and frequent edits, prompting the clip to quickly go viral. GOP official Kyle Martinsen tweeted a twenty-second segment of the clip which included four edits to connect up President Biden's speech. Mr Martinsen added: "Here’s 20 seconds of a pre-recorded speech Joe Biden gave yesterday. "Take a look at how much the White House edited it. "I did not edit this in any way." @mike_hamm responded: "Would love to see the outtakes." @IgnatiusRileyJ added: "Wow he can’t go 20 seconds without a gaffe or blunder." JUST IN: Princess Beatrice sparked private security row after robbery  Commenting on the video, Sky News Australia host James Morrow remarked that the edits were "bizarre". He said: "Note the edits – which leave us wondering what got left on the cutting room floor." This comes as 54 House Republicans signed a letter on Wednesday this week calling on the US President to take a cognitive test amid questions over his fitness for the job. The letter read: "While you have largely brushed aside these assertions as partisan political attacks, the left-leaning New York Times recently published an article outlining all of this in great detail. "According to The New York Times, the increased scrutiny surrounding your cognitive state has been fueled by your recent public appearances."  On top of questions about his leadership, President Biden has also faced a collapse in poll numbers. A new poll from NewsNation/Decision Desk HQ reported that majorities of American voters do not want Joe Biden or Donald Trump to run in the next presidential election in 2024. More than 60 percent of voters and 30 percent of Democrats in the poll said President Biden should not run again. DON'T MISS: Kate and William silence Sussex fans over US trip claims [VIDEO]Harry and Meghan urged to ‘stay away’ from Balmoral [POLL]Ukraine LIVE: Humiliating blow for Putin as Russian Black Sea HQ hit [LIEV BLOG]  Among all voters, 57 percent said Trump should not run again, dropping to 26 percent among Republicans. However, President Biden, 79, has said he intends to run for a second term. Meanwhile, the US leader has tested positive for COVID-19 again, in what has been described as a "rebound" infection by his doctor. The 79-year-old first contracted the virus on 21 July, when he was revealed to be experiencing mild symptoms. On Saturday Mr Biden said he was not experiencing symptoms but would isolate himself "for the safety of everyone around me". READ NEXT: 'Backtracking' Biden warned he 'failed' to meet anti-fuel policiesDjokovic 'preparing' for US Open as Biden urged to let Serb playJoe Biden tests positive for Covid AGAINXi sends convoy of armoured vehicles to Taiwan doorstep - WATCHBiden’s adviser slammed over US recession 