The flight attendant, Caroline, 28, from Florida, shares her travels and insight into her flight as a member of cabin crew, on her TikTok account where she boasts 82.8K followers. She runs the blog Blonde Voyage where she posts her travel guides. She shared her "travel tips from a flight attendant" for travelling amid summer chaos. Caroline said: "Let's talk about summer flying. It's only mid-June and things are already a little crazy in the airline industry there's the weather, staffing shortages, and flights are overbooked. "So, if you're stepping foot on an airplane this summer, listen up." Her first tip is a serious warning about connecting flights. She said: "Tip number one, if you're booking a connecting flight make sure to give yourself at least two hours in between flights. READ MORE: 'It is a must': Flight attendant's 'lifesaver' for sore ears - 'everybody should have it' "A lot of these third-party websites are going to let you book something 30 minutes apart. It's not enough time. "Even an hour these days is really just not enough time. "You don't want to be stressed and rushing from your flight, and not make the next flight and then the next one's oversold. "Give yourself two hours between connecting flights." DON'T MISSHow to 'ruin a flight attendant's day': Don't ask for help with bags [INSIGHT]'Ask the flight attendant': Approach cabin crew to get upgraded [HOW TO] 'Divide and conquer': How to beat airlines' extra baggage charges [EXPERT] The travel expert advocated travellers book flights as early as possible. "Tip number two, the earlier the better," she said. I know you don't want to wake up at 3am to catch a 5am flight but I promise you the earlier you book a flight, the earlier your flight, is the smoother everything is going to go. "The more time that will leave for you to be rebooked on another flight if something does happen." Last but not least, Caroline dispensed her third tip. "Tip number three, download the app of whatever airline you're flying," she advised. "These applications have so much information these days. "Not only are you gonna be able to maybe watch movies on the flight but you're going to be able to pull up your boarding pass, track your bags if you checked a bag, find out if there are any delays, get info on your connecting flight, like what gate it is. "There's just so much information on them, whatever airline you're flying. "At least download it for the day and then you can delete it. "It'll help you out so much as you're travelling. "I hope everyone has safe summer travels and that this can make your travel experience a little bit more seamless." A flight attendant tip recently detailed how to "100 percent guarantee" your luggage will not get lost. Flight attendant Cici posts her travel expertise to her TikTok account cici_inthesky, where she boasts over 30k followers.