Rishi Sunak, Liz Truss, Tom Tugendhat, Penny Mordaunt, Kemi Badenoch, Nadhim Zahawi, Jeremy Hunt and Suella Braverman remain in the leadership contest after Sajid Javid, Grant Shapps and Rehman Chishti withdrew on Tuesday. Conservative MPs will begin voting in the first ballot round on Wednesday, July 13, with results expected at 5pm. Candidates will need to secure 30 votes to stay in the race for No 10. Mr Sunak and Ms Mordaunt have established themselves as the favourites to be the next Conservative leader with the latest Betfair odds putting them both at 13/8. READ MORE: Tory leadership LIVE: Party braced for bombshell as Boris 'has not ruled out comeback' Mr Sunak received the backing of the most MPs in the nomination round, but his fiscal discipline could prove unpopular. Ms Mordaunt is currently a junior trade minister and has combined her pro-Brexit credentials with social liberalism to win support. Other contenders include Ms Truss (7/2), who is, promising to start cutting taxes “from day one”. Ms Badenoch (10/1), has a low profile outside of Westminster but is striving for social issues and has the endorsement of former Levelling-up Secretary Michael Gove. Chair of the House of Commons’ foreign affairs select committee Mr Tugendhat (20/1), has no government experience but has pitched a “clean break” from Mr Johnson’s era. Former Health Secretary Mr Hunt (50/1), was one of the first to declare Mr Johnson resigned and is standing again after losing out to Mr Johnson in the last leadership contest in 2019. Attorney-General Ms Braverman (80/1) has found favour with right-wing members of the Conservative Party and pledged to withdraw from the European Convention on Human Rights. DON'T MISS: GB News: Tory leadership campaign torn apart over 'dirty backstabbing' and 'dark arts' [LATEST]Tory candidates' key policies: what the last eight rivals are promising [ANALYSIS]Boris Johnson urged to remain in office: ‘The longer he stays the better for all of us’ [INSIGHT] Newly-appointed Chancellor Mr Zahawi (100/1) has pitched his leadership bid on economic transformation and social mobility. Several voting rounds are expected to take place over the next few days, with a shortlist of two candidates due to be finalised by July 21. Some 160,000 Conservative Party members will choose between the finalists, with a new Prime Minister expected to take office on September 5. Former Health Secretary Sajid Javid and junior minister Rehman Chishti failed to secure the support of 20 Tory MPs necessary to proceed and withdrew from the contest on Tuesday. So what do YOU think? Who do you want to win the Tory leadership contest? Vote in our poll and join the debate in the comment section below.