Wimbledon 2022 began on June 27 and ended just yesterday on July 10 with Novak Djokovic taking the crown. But it was Kate Middleton who emerged victorious in the style stakes. The Duchess of Cambridge attended the tennis tournament on July 5, the quarter finals, July 9 for the women's singles final, and July 10, the men's singles final. Undoubtedly, she stole the show each time. On July 5, Kate made her 2022 Wimbledon debut wearing a bright blue and white dress. This was an azure blue Alessandra Rich creation. READ MORE: Judy Murray has learnt one style rule from being at Wimbledon But it was not the first time Kate wore the dress, as she was previously spotted in it during the Platinum Jubilee Big Lunch in June. To accessorise the pleated polka dot number, Kate went for her Mulberry handbag (and Finlay tortoiseshell sunglasses (£150). She also wore a pair of two-tone black and white pumps, again by Alessandra Rich. The dress reportedly cost £,1,500. Speaking about Kate's look, Instagram user @cynthia_sewell_moser said: "I love the look...the colour of her dress, the fit and style! She is so regal, just the perfect representative of the Royal Family." Just a few days later for the women's final on July 9, Kate wowed again in a canary yellow dress by Roksanda. This was called the yellow Brigitte bow-shoulder dress, which the Duchess had previously worn in Jamaica. Kate's dress was custom made, featuring a tiny belt to nip in the Duchess' fabulous waist, but the original dress goes for £895. According to the official website, the dress is "sophisticated and impactful". "The uplifting 'Light Corn' hue complements every skin tone." READ MORE: Kate Middleton's style inspo is royal 49 years her senior - pictures The royal accessorised with a pair of Gianvito Rossi pumps in white leather and Kiki McDonough Citrine Pear Drop Earrings. These are retailed at £550. Royal fan @renee.khmoro took to Instagram to praise the Duchess: "Flawless in every way, shape and form." Finally, Kate attended the men's final yesterday afternoon in a second Alessandra Rich gown. This dress - now sold out - was retailed at £1,335. The Duchess paired the gorgeous gown with the same two-tone pumps she wore at the previous game, and a sapphire pendant and earring set. Kate fan @lisamarie656 said: "I need to be her for just one day." @renee.khmoro added: "Perfection at its finest." Overall, Kate's three Wimbledon dresses cost £3,730.