The Last Kingdom viewers were heartbroken to hear the historical drama would be ending with season five. With the Netflix TV series now over, fans can look forward to the upcoming follow-up film, Seven Kings Must Die. There has been some confusion over the announcement of another project, Blood Will Prevail, and Express.co.uk has all you need to know. The Last Kingdom has continued to grow in popularity after season four was released during the coronavirus pandemic. When it was announced season five would be the last, fans could not hide their disappointment. Thankfully, Uhtred (played by Alexander Dreymon) will return for one final outing, in the form of a feature-length film. The Netflix movie, titled Seven Kings Must Die, will hopefully air in 2023. The official Instagram account shared a poster of Uhtred, advertising the release of Blood Will Prevail. READ MORE: Amanda Owen shares surprise over Clive’s unusual present Followers were left wondering whether this was the new name for the film or even season six of The Last Kingdom. In fact, Blood Will Prevail is the title of a single which forms part of the season five music list. The Instagram post said: "Music from season five by John Lunn and @eivormusic is coming… The single Blood Will Prevail is out on July 29." The single will be available to download on Spotify and Apple Music. There is not a link to the season's full soundtrack, but fans have shared some of the songs on YouTube. There is a link to the final song of the season, during Uhtred's flashback montage. Composer John Lunn is known for his work on a number of hit shows including Downton Abbey, Shetland and Grantchester. He worked on the iconic opening credit track for The Last Kingdom, along with artist Eivør. Blood Will Prevail will be the star's latest collaboration with Lunn. On Instagram, the singer said: "Hey friends! So many of you have been asking for more @thelastkingdom music, we thought we'd give you a treat." DON'T MISS... Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen 'isolated' at Ravenseat [VIDEO] The Last Kingdom’s Eadith pays tribute to ‘amazing’ Alexander Dreymon [INSIGHT]Is The Last Kingdom film Seven Kings Must Die based on books? [EXPLAINER] Fans may be interested to hear Eivør actually had a cameo in the show's final season. In the opening scene of season five, viewers see Brida (Emily Cox) gathering an army of followers in Iceland. Cox said: "Eivør, the woman who does the music for The Last Kingdom, was there. "She was playing one of the important extras and she was doing her music. "It was amazing because it was really early in the morning – something like 5am – we were really tired. "But then you had these people playing drums and her [Eivør] singing in this quarry somewhere in the country of Hungary. "I'd never met Eivør in person, I don't think, so actually meeting her and just chatting to her was really lovely." Sadly Blood Will Prevail is not connected to a new season of The Last Kingdom, as some fans believed. However, it is a chance to showcase the beautiful music that lifted the show's final outing.  The Last Kingdom seasons 1-5 are on Netflix now.