The Crown is a Netflix drama about the early reign of the Queen. Although the show features many members of the British Royal Family, Prince Harry has reportedly insisted to not be featured on the show. Speaking on Lorraine, the Daily Mirror's royal editor Russell Myers has claimed that the Duke is "throwing his toys out the pram" over his latest royal demand. Host Lorraine Kelly asked Mr Myers: "There are rumours about Prince Harry not being at all happy to be featured in The Crown. "Can he be written out of it, can they do it without him, who knows" Mr Myers said: "Well, I'm not sure. "The writers have already said they are not going to go right up until the modern day." READ MORE: Meghan Markle invests heavily in health as Duchess' '£45k lifestyle costs' laid bare He added: "Wouldn't it be great if we could see all the stuff which has happened with Megxit, Harry and Meghan, the big saga that's being going on. "Apparently Harry has got a big deal with Netflix so he's been putting his foot down saying he doesn't want to be featured." The royal editor concluded by saying Harry is "throwing his toys out the pram" over the demand. The show, which began back in 2016, has already released four seasons, with the fifth instalment set to be released later in 2022. READ MORE: Queen fed up with Meghan Markle and Prince Harry 'drama' and wants 'line drawn' Harry and Meghan, who signed a multi-million pound deal with Netlfix in 2020, previously admitted to watching some of The Crown during their "bombshell" interview with Oprah Winfrey in 2021. Speaking to TalkRadio earlier this week, royal expert Angela Levin discussed how Harry asked her if she was watching The Crown when she met him at Kensington Palace. She said: "I mumbled and said, 'are you and the rest of the Royal Family?' "He said, 'yes, we're all absolutely watching everything but I'm going to insist it stops before it reaches me'. DON'T MISS Queen's 'wonderful sense of humour' shows she's as 'sharp as a tack' [ANALYSIS]Poor Camilla opening fetes at 75 when she needs to relax JUDY FINNIGAN [REPORT]Princess Diana had key word removed from wedding vows - unlike Fergie [INSIGHT] Peter Morgan, the creator of The Crown, previously hinted that he wouldn't be covering Meghan and Harry in the Netflix drama. He told the Hollywood reporter: "I'm much more comfortable writing about things that happened at least 20 years ago. "That is enough time and enough distance to really understand something, to understand its role, to understand its position, to understand its relevance." READ NEXT: