Carlos Santana, 74, collapsed last night on stage during a concert in Michigan, leaving fans concerned about his well being. Now, representatives for the legendary musician have addressed his health as they explained the cause of the incident. Footage of the event showed Carlos waving to fans as he was taken off the stage on a stretcher at the Pine Knob Music Theatre. Manager Michael Vrionis explained that Carlos was rushed to hospital and that he was "doing well". A statement shared on Santana’s official website confirmed the musician had suffered heat exhaustion and dehydration. The message read: “Rock Legend Carlos Santana was over-taken by heat exhaustion and dehydration during a concert Tuesday (July 5) evening in Michigan. “The guitar great was taken from his show at Pine Knob Music Theatre (formerly DTE Energy Music Theatre), an outdoor amphitheater in Clarkston, some 40 miles northwest of Detroit, Michigan. “Carlos was taken to the emergency department at McLaren Clarkston for observation and is doing well, it was announced by Santana’s manager Michael Vrionis tonight. “‘The show for tomorrow July 6th at The Pavilion at Star Lake (formerly the S&T Bank Music Park) in Burgettstown, PA. will be postponed to a later date. More details to follow thru Live Nation," Mr. Michael Vrionis added. Following the incident, Carlos released a statement on his Facebook profile thanking fans through their support after he “passed out”. He wrote: “Thank you for your precious prayers. “Just taking it easy. Forgot to eat and drink water so I dehydrated and passed out. “Blessings and miracles to you all.” Carlos recently suffered a separate health scare that forced him to cancel two shows in the US. DON'T MISS...Oti Mabuse flaunts long legs in skintight lacy dress at Wimbledon [LATEST]Victoria Beckham has banned daughter Harper from social media [ADMISSION]Natalie Portman dazzles in red dress and rose crown at Thor premiere [PICTURES] Back in March, the guitarist had to be taken to hospital after noticing an issue in his chest. Following the hospital visit, it was announced by Santana’s agent at Universal Tone Management that he had “an unscheduled heart procedure". Two shows scheduled for December at the Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino in Las Vegas were later cancelled. “I’m going to be taking time off for a little bit to make sure that I replenish and rest,” Carlos revealed. “There’s been rumours flying around here and there about this and that. “So, I’m here to just crystallise and make it clear.” He continued: “I had an incident where I asked my wife Cindy to take me to the hospital 'cause I had this thing happening in my chest.” Carlos rose to fame in 1969 after performing at the American Woodstock festival by his band Santana Blues Band, which showed his unique style that blends Jazz, rock, blues, and other genres.