Gabriel Jesus has posted a farewell message to Manchester City where he declares he is set for "a new dream". Arsenal have announced the signing of the Brazilian striker for a fee of £45million. The Gunners have been in the market for a striker throughout the summer so far. Alexandre Lacazette left at the end of his contract and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang moved to Barcelona six months earlier. Jesus quickly emerged as the top target for Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta. The forward was pictured at the Emirates last week in the club's home strip and the deal has finally been announced. But the 25-year-old wanted to thank City first and did so on his social media accounts. He wrote: "Thanks Man City and all the people who made this club my life for all these years. "Time to live a new dream! Thanks @mancity." READ MORE: Arsenal make move to beat Man Utd to Lisandro Martinez with 'improved offer'  Within minutes Arsenal had announced Jesus' arrival and confirmed he had signed a long-term contract and will wear the No 9 shirt. Jesus played 236 times for City after joining from Brazilian side Palmeiras in 2016, scoring 95 goals. He won four Premier League titles, three League Cups and an FA Cup during his time at the Etihad. Arteta knows the player well having been his assistant at City and the Spaniard is delighted to have sealed the deal. Arteta told the Arsenal website: “I’m very excited. The club has done a tremendous job to recruit a player of this stature. "I know Gabriel personally very well, and we all know him well from his time in the Premier League and being really successful here. This is a position that’s been on our radar for a long time now and we have managed to get a player that we all wanted, so I’m really happy.” DON'T MISSLisandro Martinez 'gentlemen's agreement' emerges as Arsenal and Man Utd compete for dealTottenham dealt blow in pursuit of 'next Gareth Bale' as £17m star looks set to stayArsenal's transfer window in danger of collapsing with three deals now in major doubt  Arsenal technical director Edu has also spoken on the deal. He claims Jesus has been a long-term target for the Gunners and is happy to have got it completed. Edu said: “We are delighted that we have secured the transfer of Gabriel. Everyone who knows football well, knows the qualities of Gabriel Jesus. "Gabriel is a player who we have admired for a long time now. He is 25 years old and an established Brazil international who has consistently demonstrated that he is a player at a very high level. "We look forward to seeing him join up with his new teammates ahead of the new season. We all welcome Gabriel to Arsenal.” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here  