Meghan Markle and Prince Harry’s biographer Omid Scobie claims sources have told him that Prince William is “keen” for his work to have “an impact outside of the UK and the royal bubble”. Writing for Yahoo, Mr Scobie said: “A steady stream of orchestrated appearances from George, Charlotte and Louis – and William and Kate’s efforts during the pandemic – has helped the Cambridges’ popularity rise. “And it seems Kensington Palace is now hoping they can do the same in the US. READ MORE: William 'set to follow' in Harry's footsteps 'out of royal bubble' “It’s why William sat down with People magazine, still one of the country’s most read magazines, last summer for a rare interview. “’William is keen for his work to be seen and have impact outside of the UK and the royal bubble’ a source tells me. “The charitable landscape in America is huge and he wants to have a presence.” William and his wife Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge, are travelling to Boston, Massachusetts in December. They last visited the US eight years ago, on a trip to New York City in 2014 for diplomatic and personal events. Their trip later this year is to present the Earthshot Prize awards, which William is on the prize council. The awards are recognised as the “most prestigious global prize for the environment in history”. Ms Scobie suggested that their visit could include several other royal engagements in Boston and claimed a trip to Washington DC could happen. DON'T MISS: Omid Scobie pinpoints when 'curiosity' for Kate & William waned in US [LATEST]Prince William pays tribute to wildlife ranger who protected animals [UPDATE]Charlotte tipped for Wembley appearance as Lionesses roar on to final [REPORT]  William and Kate have taken on an increasingly active role in the Royal Family as the Queen’s mobility issues have forced her to miss out on several engagements. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have stepped up and cemented their positions as future monarchs. The couple recently hired a new head of communications for Kensington Palace in British PR chief Lee Thompson who spent time serving in global communications and strategic partnerships for NBC. So what do YOU think? Should Prince William try to raise his profile in the US? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below.