Steph’s Packed Lunch presenter Steph McGovern has admitted some guests have now been blacklisted from reappearing on her show after they were rude to her Channel 4 team behind the scenes. The former BBC Breakfast star shared secrets from her lunchtime chat show on Instagram. The 40-year-old decided to pass the time on her long car journey to the airport by answering some questions from her 98.4k Instagram followers. Wanting to get some behind the scene secrets, one person asked the host if she’s ever had a guest she didn’t get along with. Posting a boomerang with her finger over her lips, she wrote: “At the end of every show I ask my team behind the scenes if everyone was nice to them.” “If they weren't, they get banned from the show.   “Simple rule (we’ve only had to use it a couple of times! Most people are lush!).” On a lighter note, when asked what the best thing is about working on her show, the presenter said it was her brilliant team. Sharing a snap of her crew, she wrote: “Having a laugh with this lot my brilliant packed lunch team. “And getting food made for me every day by a fab chef and meeting amazing guests!"   Revealing some more inside secrets,  Steph admitted to getting in trouble for the funny and slightly crude innuendos made on the show. Although she jokingly blamed her co-stars Simon Rimmer, Denise Van Outen and Russell Kane before admitting they’ve toned it down recently. Steph told her fans her show starts again on September 5 and has been keeping her diary empty while she’s off air to recharge and be with loved ones. Ahead of the new series, one follower asked who her dream guest would be.   She replied: “Sounds cheesy, but for me it’s more about the people with extraordinary / powerful / inspiring stories more than it is about celebs. “But I obvs wouldn’t say no to Beyonce coming on.” (sic) Before wrapping the last series of her Channel 4 show,  Steph revealed she was in agony after having a bad ear infection and blisters in and around her ears, hair and face.   She told her fans she gets ill whenever she’s at the end of a long TV run and encouraged followers to look after their health if they’re working too hard. The mum-of-one said: “If you’re knackered/rundown/working too hard then please look after yourself and don’t let your health take a back seat like I have." The new series of Steph’s Packed Lunch aires on September 5 on Channel 4.  