Ulrika Jonsson, 54, has taken to Instagram to alert dog owners who are thinking of walking them in the current temperatures. The TV presenter pleaded with her 195,000 followers not to go for a walk with their four-legged friends as the amber warning for extreme heat continued in place. Sharing a picture of her English Bulldog to her Instagram Stories, Ulrika said her advice especially applied to brachycephalic dog breeds. Brachycephalic dogs, such as bulldogs and pugs, have shortened snouts and sometimes suffer from Brachycephalic airway obstructive syndrome (BAOS) which makes it harder for them to breathe. Ulrika wrote: “Please DO NOT walk your dog in this crazy heat. “Especially if you have a #brachycephalic dog #bulldog” Ulrika has four Bulldogs and often shares posts about them on the social media platform, where she states that she is “mother to 4 Ungratefuls & 4 Bullies”. Earlier this month, Ulrika shared an update on her dog Leo's health as she spoke out on her experience looking after brachycephalic dogs. Ulrika also opened up on having lost three Bulldogs in just five years as she revealed that her dog was back home recovering from his surgery. She uploaded two heartwarming pictures of the pooch - one where he was looking up at the camera, and another snap that only showed the animal’s legs. The TV star wrote: “My boy. Surgery yesterday and ended up having 6 teeth removed. “(Seems a bit unfortunate on top of his leukaemia. But there you go). “Any owner of brachycephalic breeds knows surgery of any kind is an uncertainty. “Anyone who knows me, knows I’ve lost 3 Bullies in 5 years. (I know. I’ve got form….)" DON'T MISS...‘I may have to have surgery’ Eamonn Holmes shares grim health update [LATEST]Johnny Depp hits back at Amber Heard's 'desperate' bid for retrial [UPDATES]Romeo Beckham wipes all trace of Mia Regan from Instagram amid 'split' [INSTAGRAM] She added: “He’s home. (Thanks to lovely vet Olga and nurse Daisy for caring for my boy @henleyvets )” Ulrika concluded her message with the hashtags “bulldogs" and “leo”. Other dog owners and fans of the model rushed to the post’s comments section to send her their support. Jenniferclarechapman said: “Get well soon Leo. My pugs suffer with their teeth. “They hate having them cleaned too!” Fluffmclean added: “Smashed it, both of you. Feel better soon young Leo.” amanthafellows1 typed: “So pleased he is home. “Hope he is eating his digestives in bed very soon xx”