Prince Harry has pursued legal action against the Home Office in a claim that alleges the current security arrangements for him and his family are insufficient. The Duke of Sussex hopes to overturn a decision by the Home Office that prevents him from paying for police protection himself when he and his family visit the UK. Richard Palmer, royal correspondent for the Daily Express, claimed Prince Harry’s bid for improved security could be considered on a case-by-case basis which would allow for increased security provision where deemed necessary. Mr Palmer joined Royal Round Up host Pandora Forsyth to discuss the Sussexes security provision as Prince Harry’s case progressed to the High Court.    Speaking on the Daily Express Royal Round Up, Mr Palmer said: “It seems as though the specialist committee which advises the Home Office has taken the view that it should be done on a case by case basis when it comes to the Sussexes. “There may be times where they’re attending high profile events that are going to attract fixated individuals and others who could potentially cause them harm. “In those cases, that merits them having police security and in other cases, it’s low profile, low risk. “The other aspect of this case is Harry’s saying ‘well I’ll pay for it myself.’”    Mr Palmer continued: “Some people have pointed to events that happen where people do pay to hire the police to come, for example, a country fair where there’s going to be 5,000 people maybe and they want a little bit of police presence there - or football matches. “But, the argument there is these are specialist Scotland Yard police officers, highly trained, who have access to national intelligence and they’re not for sale. “What the Home Office doesn’t want to do is open up a Pandora’s Box where every dodgy businessman coming into Britain from anywhere in the world, is able to say ‘I’d like to pay for some protection and I demand that you provide it for me and I’ll pay for it’.” The royal correspondent explained that the Home Office was hoping to avoid turning highly-capable Scotland Yard police officers into a commodity by allowing those who were able to afford it, to hire them for protection. Read more: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan steps in as Harry 'worried sick' Ms Forsyth asked: “Of course, Harry would want armed officers as well, am I correct in thinking?” Mr Palmer replied: “Yeah, I think so - I mean, he’s argued his life is in danger here. “When you look at the crime statistics in the US and the number of killings there are, it absolutely dwarfs the figures in the UK. “To me, it seems a bit ridiculous for him to suggest that he’s somehow more at risk here than he is in California.” Don't miss: Royal Family: New masterplan to scupper Meghan and Harry in US [REVEAL]Harry and Meghan in bust-up ahead of major royal event [INSIGHT]Prince Harry 'not welcomed' by Anne and Sophie at Philip's funeral [REPORT] Prince Harry has challenged a decision from 2020 by the Executive Committee for the Protection of Royalty and Public Figures after security provisions for the Duke and Duchess of Sussex were scaled back following their step down as working royals. Representatives for the Home Office have defended the decision of the Committee, but a judge has ruled the case will progress to a full High Court review. The Duke is seeking to ensure he and his family are able to access police protection when visiting the UK, something Prince Harry has insisted he would pay for himself if the Home Office allowed him to do so. The Sussexes pay for their own security in the United States, but Prince Harry has argued their American team does not have sufficient access to UK intelligence to be able to properly protect his family abroad. Read next: Royal Family: Monarchy will be 'gone in two generations' Kate was 'always jealous' of sister Pippa in younger yearsMeghan 'on path to unparalleled stardom' and 'new form of celebrity'Queen tipped to skip Royal Family's Scottish holiday traditionHarry has 'got an argument' to secure Royal Family security for family