Martin Henderson has starred as bar-owner and former marine Jack Sheridan in Netflix’s popular small-town romance for the last four seasons. Both Jack and Mel Monroe (played by Alexandra Breckenridge) will eventually be back for Virgin River’s fifth season, but the actor has revealed he still gets nervous before starting a new shoot. The popular leading man revealed he already has his concerns heading into the fifth season of Virgin River. Fans of the drama were thrilled to discover Jack and Mel would be back for two more instalments shortly after the third season was released on Netflix last year. Despite the show’s longevity, and over three decades of experience under his belt, Martin can’t help but feel nervous about the next season. “I didn’t sleep a wink last night,” he admitted from the Vancouver set. READ MORE: BBC crisis as 300,000 ditch licence fee — financial blackhole looming 1646275 “I’ve been an actor for 34 years, and it doesn't even matter. “This is season five of a show that’s clearly working, yet there’s some part of my mind that is filled with doubt that I don’t know if I’m going to be able to do it.” Even coming up on half a decade on screens, Virgin River fans will no doubt be surprised to hear Martin having second thoughts. With the series’ future unclear once season five wraps up, his comments could be cause for concern for his potential departure before Netflix is able to adapt all of Robyn Carr’s original novels. Thankfully, Martin eventually managed to convince himself he’s still where he belongs on one of the streamer’s most popular dramas. He told Glamour: “But I think I looked appropriately sad at the right moments and appropriately happy at the others. So yeah, I think I’ve still got my job.” In season four, Mel and Jack were still trying to balance their complicated personal lives after the former announced she was pregnant - potentially with the child of her dead husband thanks to an IVF procedure. Although they decided to put off their engagement, pressure from Jack’s father Sam (Tom Butler) and Charmaine’s (Lauren Hammersley) impending twins put even more strain on their relationship. DON'T MISS:Naga Munchetty admits she’s ‘jealous’ of BBC Breakfast co-star [VIDEO]Neighbours’ Harold Bishop star addresses ‘uncomfortable’ filming [INSIGHT]The Last Kingdom’s Brida star admits being mocked by Alexander Dreymon [INTERVIEW] Jack finally discovered the true identity of his shooter and it was determined he wasn’t the father of Charmaine’s children, but there are still plenty of surprises still to come. As for season five - Martin has nothing but high praise for what he’s seen so far. “Season five’s great, by the way,” he teased. “It’s the best season yet.” Having filmed just two scenes so far, Martin then joked: “I’m amazing in it.” On a more serious note, he previewed: “The baby stuff gets really interesting. “Obviously, I’m speaking without having read any of those actual scripts, but we’ve got some really nice…a lot of stuff gets wrapped up. “And then there’s a whole bunch of new beginnings, new storylines. I can’t give too much away. I know someone might move away. Someone might leave.” Practically the whole cast has remained on board for all four seasons so far, so Virgin River could look a lot different from season five and beyond. Virgin River seasons 1-4 are available to stream on Netflix.