Speaking to GB News host Dan Wootton, Madeline Grant slammed the contest for deploying the "dark arts". The Parliamentary sketch writer discussed rumours that Rishi Sunak's team have "lent" their votes to former health secretary Jeremy Hunt to ensure he would get through to the next round, as they believe Mr Sunak could beat Mr Hunt, who was the runner up in the 2019 leadership election.  Dan Wootton started by asking Ms Grant if the former parliamentary researcher and speechwriter thought that Tory members felt "betrayed" by Mr Sunak. He said: "Everything that I'm picking up, Madeline, is that the Tory members don't want to vote for Rishi. "They feel betrayed over the tax hikes and the lack of promise of tax cuts and they are also really furious that he welded the knife against Boris Johnson." In response Ms Grant argued his downfall was instead being associated with an unpopular "regime" and the former Chancellor's role in the partygate debacle, which she referred to as that "situation with a cake".  She said: "I'm not sure that I would agree entirely with that. "I'm sure there are some people who are very angry with the Chancellor for his role in deposing the Prime Minister. "But I think that actually what will be a bigger problem for Rishi Sunak down the line is actually the fact that he was associated with a regime that has been quite unpopular. "He's associated with tax rises, he can't now distance himself from that because it's his own economic platform. READ MORE: Priti Patel shocks Tory MPs as she confirms she WON'T stand to be PM  "And given that he was fined and received a fixed penalty notice for that sanitation with the cake in 10 Downing Street. "He's also associated with partygate in the minds of the public and I personally think the fine is quite unfair. "Nevertheless, as someone said recently 'them's the breaks'. "So I think there are probably people who are angry with Rishi for different reasons. DON'T MISS: Mordaunt OBLITERATES Rayner in GREATES Labour put-down of all times [REVEAL] 'Likely to beat Rishi' David Davis gives his verdict on his backing [INSIGHT] Rishi Sunak’s ‘sound judgement’ wins support [SPOTLIGHT]  "There are some who resent his role in the deposition of the Prime Minister and there are others who associate him still with Boris Johnson and his style of Government. "I think you're absolutely right, what happens next is highly dependent on who ends in the final two. "And there have been rumours in fact that team Sunak have decided to lend a few of their votes to the Jeremy Hunt team. "So that he would get through to the next round, because they know he's one of the few people that he seems to poll very well against in these runoffs. "So I don't know if that is the case or not but there seems to be a lot of backstabbing and dark arts going on already and this competition has only been going for a few days." 