This poisonous legislation, currently being debated in Parliament, has become a key talking point among some of the candidates and their backers. This is to be welcomed. Suddenly, a chance has presented itself to consign to the wastebasket the anti-democratic ideas the OSB espouses - ideas which sadly emanated from a so-called “conservative” administration. The opportunity to kill this Bill in its current form must be seized with both hands, otherwise, Britain (and even the world) may live to regret it. The principal problem of the OSB is that it places one of the cornerstones of a healthy democracy - free speech - in danger. This peril comes via provisions in the Bill concerning what has been described as “legal but harmful” content. Under the Bill, an unelected government minister would have the ability to label certain kinds of speech as “harmful” even if they were not “illegal,” just because they (or somebody else with a vested interest) did not like them. But who is screening and regulating these officials, and how are they being held accountable? And how does one even define “legal but harmful,” or better yet, how would multiple government ministers ever define “legal but harmful” the exact same way, providing a consistent reading?  This entire exercise amounts to a power grab by the state, in plain sight, leading to political debate being quickly erased. In my opinion this is not happening by accident and is an intentional move to exert control over any form of dissent – with the unintended consequences being extraordinary. At the top of my list of fears: an unaccountable government minister could very well decide that the teachings of the Bible, or any aspect of religion, were “harmful” to their way of life. Think about it. Merely debating the definitions of marriage, gender, the sanctity of life could quickly become illegal. And many social media companies would go right along with it. This is because executives from social media companies would have to remove the “offending” words or risk a large fine. They might even be sent to prison if they fail to comply. It is inevitable that tech firm bosses would prefer to exercise caution rather than involve themselves in a dispute which may risk their own freedom, which leads to, you guessed it, censorship. As an American I find it unthinkable such measures are even being contemplated in Britain. One simply cannot claim to be a supporter of freedom while flirting with totalitarian tendencies that George Orwell himself might not have been able to imagine. Britain still has a chance to abandon these plans and show the world the importance it attaches to being a truly free society. It is heartening that some leadership candidates have placed this issue at the top of their agendas. MP Kemi Badenoch is perhaps the best example.  This week Badenoch announced that she will not be supporting the Online Safety Bill, marking the first time since 2017 that she has gone against the government in a vote in the House of Commons. Badenoch stated that she believes the Bill will have “serious implications for free speech.” With incredulity, Badenoch pointed out that “parliament is now legislating for hurt feelings through the Online Safety Bill.” And she is right. Amendments to the Bill have been proposed by the government but these are inadequate. Total rejection of the Bill is the only way to extinguish its worst qualities. On Tuesday of this week, I was astonished to see the Department for Digital, Culture, Media & Sport release taxpayer-funded polling to support their case for this legislation. This rare move by a British government department shows a clear vulnerability - and the time is now to make the key arguments and kill this bill for good. The current leadership contest offers Britain a valuable chance to pause and question how and why it is on a road that will lead to the sort of censorship only a dictator would approve. The government must go back to the drawing board and think again about what legislation is necessary to protect the vulnerable in society while also protecting civil discourse. Both can be done at the same time, but it can’t be driven by ideologues or those with partisan axes to grind. Jason Miller is a Former Trump adviser and Chief Executive of GETTR