Keeping your washing machine clean is essential if you want clean clothes. Express.co.uk spoke to Jennifer Sharpe, Chief Fragrance Officer at Fabulosa about the best ways to clean the drum, and detergent drawer, and what products to use to leave a sweet smell behind. Cleaning your washing machine is not a ‘spring clean’ job. Jennifer said: “According to research, [you should clean your washing machine] once a month. “Use Fabulosa Washing Machine Cleaner – follow directions for use closely, and get your drum sparkling and hygienically clean.” The specialist cleaner “works hard to prevent bad odours lingering in your washing machine”. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans share 47p hack to banish ‘stubborn’ toilet limescale “It removes limescale and leaves a long-lasting freshness in the drum, ensuring every wash is clean and free from bacteria,” the expert said. “Pour 125ml of the product into the soap dispenser and run your machine on an empty, short, hot cycle. “For stubborn, persisting smells, simply repeat. “My go-to is Fabulosa’s Washing Machine Cleaner in the Electrify fragrance, as this leaves my drum smelling of YSL’s Black Opium,” Jennifer added. DON'T MISS...Michael Mosley’s clever hack ‘to prevent cravings’ & stop snacking [EXPERT]How to store cheese to stop it from going mouldy for months in fridge [EXCLUSIVE]Greene King offering free pints if you have a certain surname [NEWS] There are three other fragrances to choose from; precious gold, fresh breeze and dragon flower. Fabulosa’s Washing Machine Cleaner can be purchased from B&M for £1. In terms of removing mould and limescale from the detergent drawer, Jennifer said: “As the detergent drawer is very prone to a build-up of limescale, I like to give mine a regular, thorough clean. “I find the best way to get rid of limescale is to completely remove the drawer from the machine, and give it a good spray down with Fabulosa’s Pure Limescale Cleaner. READ MORE: Laundry items to ‘avoid’ putting in the washing machine - ‘damaging’ “Leave it for a few minutes to do its work, then give it a good wipe down with a damp cloth.” And what about removing mould and grime from the rubber seal of a washing machine? The expert explained: “To remove grime from the rubber seal of my washing machine, I spray a generous amount of white vinegar onto a cloth and scrub it. “To get into those hard-to-reach areas, and for any stubborn patches, I use an old toothbrush.” Fans rave about the washing machine cleaner. Charlene on Facebook said: “I have just used the precious gold one and my washing machine smells really nice I really like the fabulosa products will have to try the laundry cleanser next.” Jodie said: “They leave your washing machines smelling fabulous!” Liz commented on the fragrance choices: “The pink blue and opulence smell lush I've used them in my wash.”