Adam Archer said early in July he had been awoken to the clucking, which made him venture towards his downstairs window. He said it was then that he saw the mysterious creatures, one of which was staring him dead in the eyes. It is the latest in a long line of big cat sightings in the UK, but wildlife experts have poured cold water on the idea that they are secretive apex predators. Mr Archer, a resident of Misterton, a small village to the north of Gainsborough, told LincolnshireLive that the ruckus in his garden had woken him up at around 3am on the night in question. After peering out the window, he said he saw the two “large” beasts – one standing over the body of one of his chickens, and a pair of mysterious eyes in the shadows. Mr Archer explained: “I heard a lot of distressed and furious clucking, and there's normally no sounds from the chickens at all in the night – that in itself is unusual. READ MORE: Residents warned of exotic cat on the loose “It was noisy enough to wake me up, I got out of bed and went to a downstairs window overlooking the chicken run.” The engineering business owner continued: “I went and got a torch and peered out through the glass and basically saw a large cat-like animal standing over the body of a chicken in front of me, along with a pair of eyes of presumably a similar animal about five metres behind it. “They had frozen as soon as I shone the torch out and they stood there unmoving, just watching me watching them.” He told the local news outlet that he then proceeded to open the back door to shine his torch at the two animals, to get a better look at them. But as soon as he did, both shot across his garden and disappeared into the hedges. Mr Archer claimed that the cats were around 1.4 metres long from nose to tail – approximately the size of a jaguar, cheetah or leopard. He also estimated them to be two or three times the height of his own domestic cats. Mr Archer recounted: “The one I could see close enough was a dark, mottled appearance and was short to medium haired. READ MORE: Energy bills lifeline: £400 winter discount for 29 million households [REVEAL] Xi betrays Putin as China to hand EU £83bn energy lifeline [INSIGHT]Covid breakthrough: 'Compelling evidence' on origin FINALLY found [REPORT] “They were definitely not orange like a fox or light-furred. It had a relatively long tail for a cat and definitely had a feline face. “It was really the size of the cat that was the surprising thing. They weren't leopards or anything like that, but they were much bigger than a normal domestic cat.” He added: “We've had foxes in the garden before and they weren’t foxes. They were visibly very large cats. “The nearest thing they look like is Scottish wildcats, but I think they were bigger than them.” Scottish wildcats have been known to grow up to a metre long, and in 1843 were referred to as the “British tiger”, but live exclusively in the Scottish highlands now. Mr Archer said that after the freak feline sighting one of his chickens had disappeared completely, with only the feathers left behind. The other was dead with most of its feathers missing. He usually puts the chickens away in their coop at night, but had locked them out that night by accident. Mr Archer added: “I was surprised, you don't expect to see large cat-like animals in your garden. We've kept chickens for more than 15 years and never lost a chicken yet to any kind of animal at night.” A Nottinghamshire Wildlife Trust spokesperson said: “Without clear photographic or video evidence it is impossible for us to say what the animals might have been. “Whilst there have been a number of reports of ‘big cat’ sightings in many parts of the country, including some reports in Nottinghamshire, little if any firm evidence exists and we've had no recent reports. “Native wildcats only occur in the Scotland Highlands. If the animals spotted were not foxes, it is most likely that they were domestic cats or more likely feral cats.” Additional reporting by Eleanor Maslin