Arsenal continue their pre-season programme as they travel to the USA later this week. The Gunners beat Nurnberg in Germany last Friday and face Everton next this weekend with plenty of players looking to impress. Arsenal have made four signings so far this summer and Mikel Arteta is still looking to make further additions to his squad. Defence and midfield are areas being targeted. But there are still a whole host of players not necessarily in the first-choice XI that will be pushing their case. Many will be returning from loan spells away from the club last season. There are also a few who will feel they did not get enough opportunities last season. Express Sport picks five players who will be aiming to impress Arteta in the coming weeks. Transfer news LIVE: De Jong to Man Utd, Chelsea announcement, Cristiano Ronaldo update  Saliba is back with Arsenal ahead of the new season. He had his most successful loan away from the club at Marseille. The France international will be competing with Ben White, Gabriel and Rob Holding for a starting spot. A solid pre-season could put him ahead of Holding as the third-choice centre-back for Arteta Sambi Lokonga was a regular in the first few months of his Arsenal career. However, he was usurped by Mohamed Elneny when Thomas Partey was injured towards the end of last season. The Belgian is highly rated and has previously been compared to Yaya Toure by former Anderlecht boss Vincent Kompany. He will be hoping to show Arteta why he is more deserving of a regular chance. DON'T MISSArsenal set Gabriel price tag but Juventus 'confident' they can agree 'discount' feeMan Utd ‘have two Frenkie de Jong alternatives’ as Christian Eriksen due to fly outChelsea may have given themselves problem with two players after Raheem Sterling gesture  Nketiah ended speculation over his future by signing a new contract earlier this summer. He was handed the famous No 14 shirt but will likely start the season as second choice behind new signing Gabriel Jesus. That is still one place higher in the pecking order than he was at the start of last season. But he will be determined to hit the ground running and prove he can be a regular goalscorer at the top level. Young Brazilian winger Marquinhos was the first confirmed signing of the summer. He arrives at the club with minimal professional experience behind him at Sao Paulo. But with Arsenal seemingly failing to lure Raphinha from Leeds, there may be an opportunity for him in cup competitions this season. Pre-season has often been a good opportunity for youngsters to show what they're all about against top players.  Smith Rowe had a fine first half of last season. However, injury and illness disrupted the second half of his campaign. Martin Odegaard has established himself as the first-choice No 10, while Fabio Vieira has arrived to provide further competition. Smith Rowe is in a fight to be in the starting XI for the opening match against Crystal Palace on August 5. 