It's the Wimbledon final that no one want to miss - Nick Kyrgios v Novak Djokovic, mercurial talent v top seed, first time Grand Slam finalist v 20-time winner. And regardless of what fans may think about the divisive behaviour of the Australian, or the controversial stance taken on Covid-19 by Djokovic this year, it's a game certain to attract millions of followers. The game will of course, be shown live on television via the BBC, on what will be a momentous day for the channel’s coverage. After three decades of involvement, iconic presenter Sue Barker will step down as presenter, and viewers can be rest assured they'll see some emotional scenes in the studio. Those not in their homes on Sunday afternoon, but still able to get internet access, can of course log in via the BBC iPlayer and watch the drama unfold at their computer, or on their i-pad or mobile phone. However, for fans without a screen, all is not lost, even if their stuck in a car for the duration. Supporters will be able to listen to every shot via Radio 5 Live, with Gigi Salmon starting the two-hour build-up at midday. At 2pm, live coverage of the much-anticipated finale at SW19 will get underway. JUST IN: 'I made a mistake' John McEnroe blames Rafael Nadal for Wimbledon wardrobe malfunction Alongside Salmon, radio coverage and commentary on the station has thus far been provided by Russell Fuller, Iain Carter, Naomi Cavaday, Abigail Johnson, David Law, Alison Mitchell, Sara Orchard, and Jonathan Overend. There had also been additional reporting from around the tournament by Aaron Paul. The coverage is due to finish at 6pm, at which point 606 will come on with Robbie Savage and Laura Bassett. Of course, the football phone-in will be delayed, or even scrapped, should Kyrgios and Djokovic produce a marathon match that extends beyond four hours. DON'T MISS:Rafael Nadal faces worst case scenario in injury recovery after Wimbledon withdrawalNick Kyrgios details how he first reacted to news of Rafael Nadal's Wimbledon withdrawalPat Cash teased by Tim Henman after necking 'four glasses of wine' before BBC duty But it's not just the BBC radio coverage that listeners can tune into. The official Wimbledon website also boasts its own radio commentary, and it has been available to fans throughout the Championships. The 'Wimbledon Radio Channel' will also be covering the final, for those who for whatever reason, don't fancy any of the BBC Twitter options. The link, and updates, appear regularly on the @WimbledonChnl Twitter page. 