Sophie, aka Mrs Hinch, has been updating her home, which she refers to as Hinch Farm. She shows off her beautiful home and family on her social media account. The latest room to be updated in the influencer's stunning home is the bathroom. The cleaning and property expert wrote: "Yay, we have another room complete guys! "This was such a big project here at Hinch Farm and it feels amazing." The cleaner claimed she feels afraid to use her shiny new bathroom. "Right now I do feel too scared to use it," the expert said, "but I can’t wait to clean it. READ MORE: UK mum's amazing garden transformation with a stunning furniture and a DIY water feature "In all seriousness, just to think that I can actually sit in this bath or even clean this sink whenever I want to…absolutely blows my mind! "So, I truly am so grateful for this journey I’ll never get over it."  Sophie updated a tired old blue, white and silver bathroom in her property, creating a chic, farmhouse vibe. She removed white and black tiles, replacing them with chic paint in Egyptian cotton by Dulux. Sophie replaced a cubicle shower with a spacious walk-in shower featuring a waterfall shower head. DON'T MISSBritish homeowner creates incredible DIY Downton Abbey-inspired period kitchen [PICTURES] Add £8k to your house value and save £580 on bills [INTERIOR] Home interiors must-haves in renovator Emily Canham's dream home [PROPERTY] The influencer opted for a bespoke sink vanity unit from Harvey George Furniture Makers with a farmhouse sink. Sophie also chose a stunning freestanding bath from Victorian plumbing. The bathroom was accessorised with items from her range with Tesco. She placed a wooden plank over the bath, decorated with a book, a candle and a plant. More wooden furniture sits around the room, decorated with more candles and wicker accessories. Fans were quick to praise the room, including Sophie Hinchcliffe's famous friends. TV presenter Vanessa Feltz wrote: "I love it! Elegant smooth and gorgeous." Loose Women's Stacey Solomon said: "O it’s soooooo beautiful. Well done Soph love uuu." [sic] Another Instagram user wrote: "This is absolutely gorgeous. You’ve styled it so well too." Another said: "What a gorgeous transformation. It’s just beautiful!" A Mrs Hinch Cleaning Bundle containing 10 items all recommended by the cleanfluencer is on sale with Bother. The 10 items should retail for £39.56, but can be purchased all together from Bother for £24.99. It includes "100% Hinch approved" products including laundry and cleaning items. The box contains - among other items - Lenor Beads Spring Awakening, Fairy Non Bio Pods 54 Washes and Viakal Classic Limescale Remover Cleaning Spray.