Prince Harry drew attention to his own charitable efforts in a speech to the United Nations Assembly in honour of Nelson Mandela Day. The Duke of Sussex spoke of his deep personal connection to Africa, describing the continent as a “lifeline” he had frequently turned to in periods of turmoil. The Duke of Sussex outlined his hopes to continue working to address political concerns across the region through his own charitable endeavours.    Since his step back from the Royal Family, the Prince, alongside his wife Meghan Markle, has established the non-profit Archewell Foundation aimed at uplifting global communities. In his speech to UN officials, Prince Harry said: “Since I first visited Africa at 13 years old, I’ve always found hope on the continent. “In fact, for most of my life, it has been my lifeline, a place where I have found peace and healing time and time again. “It is where I have felt closest to my mother and sought solace after she died and where I knew I had found a soulmate in my wife. “It’s why so much of my work is based there.”  Prince Harry continued: "Despite continued hardship, there are people across Africa who embody Mandela's spirit and ideal, building on the progress he helped make possible. "I see it in the communities helping to fight to save the Okavango delta, defying the odds to protect their home and the biodiversity from big oil companies. "I see it in the young girls who were forced out of school and into marriage in northern Nigeria, speaking out today so others might get a bigger chance to thrive tomorrow. "I see it in the young entrepreneurs I met in Johannesburg using their energy and creativity to launch businesses that serve their communities." He added: "I see it in World Central Kitchen, a partner of the Archewell Foundation, and their volunteers in Ukraine and around the world, fighting food insecurity one mean at a time." Read more: Royal Family 'managing perfectly well without' Meghan and Harry Through his Archewell Foundation, Prince Harry launched a campaign in 2021, alongside environment non-profit Re:wild aimed at obstructing oil drilling in the Okavango River Basin. The Archewell Foundation outlined how oil companies were threatening to devastate the “vibrant Okavango ecosystem” and called for an immediate halt to oil and gas drilling in the area. Prince Harry condemned the actions of energy giants in a Washington Post article co-authored alongside Reinhold Mangundu, a Namibian environmental activist. The article reads: “The Okavango River Basin is under siege by ReconAfrica, a Canadian oil and gas company which has been granted licences for exploratory drilling.” The article described an “imminent threat” of drilling activity which would “pillage the ecosystem.” Don't miss: Meghan failed to stay silent on Harry relationship despite 'orders'  [REVEAL]Prince Harry's 'violent outburst' at party 'puzzled' friends [REPORT]Prince Harry's friends 'disappointed' after meeting Meghan Markle [INSIGHT]  Echoing his UN speech, the article further outlined how both authors had found “sanctuary and inspiration in the Okavango,” which has fuelled their personal efforts to prevent the search for gas and oil in the region. The Duke of Sussex is also President of African Parks, a non-profit conservation organisation which he drew attention to in a 2021 Earth Day campaign to protect vital landscapes across Africa. In his UN address, the Prince also commemorated the work of World Central Kitchen, a partner of his own Archewell Foundation, which works to provide meals to those suffering in the wake of humanitarian and climate disasters. Read next: Prince Harry and Meghan Markle arrive at UN eventEamonn Holmes slams 'hypocritical' Prince Harry over climate changeUN facing financial black hole as several countries fail to pay sharesEamonn Holmes fumes as Harry set to address UNMeghan praised for calling out Harry's 'upper-class toff' friends