Demographic expert and author, Dr Paul Morland has branded eco-activists 'hypocritical' for deciding not to have babies amid alarm over Britain's declining birth rate. Commenting on the trend by some environmentalists to not have children to ward off climate change, Dr Morland questioned the logic unless the person in question opted to go and "live in a cave. " Dr Morland told Express.co.uk: "As far as the environmental arguments are concerned, I take environmentalism very seriously. "But people who won't have children because of environmental reasons still expect all those services to be provided, they do expect their bins empty, they do expect doctor's appointment. "They do expect their suitcase if they go to the airport or someone to build their bike when they choose to cycle. "They actually consume all this labour and then they leave it to other people to produce it. "So I think it's actually a part I think environmentalism is worthy, and we definitely need to think about it very seriously, it's a slightly different issue. "I think to say I'm not having children for the environment is pretty hypocritical, unless you're going to go and live in a cave!" Dr Morland has called on Britons to get busy making the next generation amid concerns over Britain's falling birth rate. The demographer has warned that while the population of the UK is growing, growth is slanted heavily towards those in older age ranges, while the number of young people is shrinking. Dr Morland told Express.co.uk: "We in Britain have had sub-replacement fertility that is fewer than two children per woman for about 50 years. "We are seeing that now when I joined the workforce there were two people in their early twenties entering the workforce for everyone in their early sixties leaving it. "Now it is about one for one, that does not meet our demand for labour and we are short of labour everywhere. "We saw it with the tanker drivers last autumn, we are seeing it in the airports at the moment, and there are a lot of different reasons." Don't Miss:Liz Truss humiliation after bizarre and impassioned 'cheese speech'[OPINION]Putin's Russia 'flexing muscles' in manner not seen since Cold War[ANALYSIS]Switzerland opened markets of £26trillion outside European bloc[INSIGHT] "Each of these reasons has an individual story in each of these sectors but there is a more global story within Britain, a bigger story," continued the demographer. "Which is if we have twice has many as twenty-somethings as we have we wouldn't be having these sorts of shortages. "Now immigration has been absolutely essential to us and to our economy, we couldn't do without it. "We have very high levels of it, but it won't go on forever because other countries are getting lower fertility like Poland is not going to have a huge number of twenty-year-olds willing to come over here."