Stranger Things season four, volume two has finally landed on Netflix and it included a huge battle between Vecna (played by Jamie Campbell Bower) and Eleven (Millie Bobby Brown). After she was able to keep him at bay, Eleven returned to Hawkins, where she reunited with Jim Hopper (David Harbour). Hopper was assisted by Murray (Brett Gelman) and Enzo (Tom Wlaschiha), but where did the pair end up? Dmitri "Enzo" Antonov was a guard in the Russian prison who decided to become Hopper's ally. He helped get a message to Joyce Byers (Winona Ryder), telling her Hopper was still alive. After fighting evil demons together, Enzo and Hopper became friends. They were delighted to see Murray and Joyce turn up at the prison to help set them free. After escaping the prison, they realised they would have to return for a dangerous mission. READ MORE: Who dies in Stranger Things season 4 volume 2? Does Eddie die? In order to give the youngsters the upper hand in defeating Vecna, they needed to destroy the other monsters. Between them, they were able to trap the creatures in a pit and Murray set fire to them. With the prison clear of monsters, it was time for them to make their escape. Enzo had managed to persuade Yuri (Nikola Djuricko) to get the helicopter up in the end and be the hero of the hour. In the final moments of the season, fans saw Joyce and Hopper being driven back to Hawkins. There was an emotional reunion between the pair and the children, but there were some people missing. Murray was nowhere to be seen since he set fire to the monsters at the prison. It can only be presumed he was also taken home by Hopper's contact in the US. Knowing Hopper was back with El, he could retire from his duties without a worry. As for Enzo, although it is not explained where he ended up, he too is likely to have been taken home. DON'T MISS... Stranger Things season 4 part 2 ending explained: Does Max die? [EXPLAINER] Raphael Luce age: How old is Stranger Things’ young Henry Creel star? [INSIGHT] Jamie Campbell Bower wife: Is the Stranger Things Vecna star married? [EXPLAINER] Yuri could have been the one to drop him off somewhere safe as the pair built somewhat of a close bond. At this moment in time, it is not known whether Yuri or Enzo will return for season five. If there is no need for the gang to return to Russia, they may not appear again. As for Murray, he is likely to make a comeback for the supernatural show's final season. His brains have been put to good use on many occasions and he has become a crucial member of the team. There is no doubt he will be called upon to help take down Vecna once and for all. Fans took to Twitter to share their thoughts, with @VENOMCEPTION saying: "Literally what happened to Enzo and Murray? "I’m just assuming the Russians are chilling back at Murray’s place rn #StrangerThings4." @lydia_drury said: "I'm sorry but there were so many plot holes in volume two like what happened to Murray and Enzo."  Stranger Things season 4 is on Netflix now.