Xavi has made it clear to Barcelona that he wants the signing of Bernardo Silva wrapped up first before the club consider selling Frenkie de Jong to Manchester United, according to reports in Catalonia. The Red Devils believe they have agreed a basic fee with the Spanish giants for the Dutchman but his future still looks some way off being resolved as the repetitive transfer saga rumbles on... United's last offer was said to be worth £56million plus £19m in add-ons but Barcelona are yet to sanction a sale. There is also the added complications of the player's personal preference, which is to remain at Camp Nou but Barca are mindful that a sale would ease their financial struggles off the field. Furthermore, it could also help them push through a late hijack for Raphinha, who is waiting in the wings for Barcelona to pounce after Leeds agreed a deal with Chelsea. But according to journalist Gerard Romero, Xavi has made it clear De Jong will only be sold on two conditions and the first is that Bernardo Silva is signed from City. READ MORE: Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag orders 'fast' third signing as board finalise two transfer deals The Portuguese is a long-term target but the playmaker does not seem willing to push for a transfer at City. He wanted to explore a new challenge last summer but was denied the opportunity to do so by manager Pep Guardiola, who considers Bernardo to be among City's most important players. Barcelona believe they have a shot at signing the creative attacker this summer though but they will need to generate some cash to table a respectable offer. Secondly, the report also claims United will have to raise their offer for a second time to £64m plus £10m in add-ons to entice Barcelona into a sale. READ MOREMan Utd boss Erik ten Hag orders 'fast' third signing as board finalise two transfer dealsMan Utd make Paulo Dybala transfer intervention after Cristiano Ronaldo hammer blowChelsea to submit mega £43m Matheus Nunes transfer offer in 'next few hours' Romero said: "Xavi is conditioning the sale of Frenkie de Jong. He wants the club to have secured Bernardo Silva before selling De Jong. Manchester United’s last offer was €65m + €22m, if United get to €75m + €12m, he will be sold." United are beginning to lose patience with Barcelona given that De Jong has been their priority transfer target since the window opened. However, they are not prepared to give up and remain confident they will eventually land their man. Erik ten Hag is reportedly speaking to his former player every day as part of his charm offensive to sign the midfield technician. Yet as recently as last week, De Jong is understood to have told former manager Ronald Koeman that he wants to stay at Barcelona. United are set to land another midfielder though in the form of Christian Eriksen following his release from Brentford. The Dane has been taking his time to weigh up a number of Premier League offers but he has now given United his word that he will be moving to Old Trafford. Eriksen is now set to undergo a medical ahead of signing a three-year contract with Ten Hag's side.