The Tory leadership ballot has returned its second round results. Suella Braverman has been eliminated from the contest after securing the least amount of votes. Out of 356 votes cast, the results are as follows: Mr Sunak has topped this list once again, winning 101 votes from his fellow MPs. Following the results, he said on Twitter: "I am incredibly grateful for the continued support from my colleagues and the wider public. "I am prepared to give everything I have in service to our nation. "Together we can restore trust, rebuild our economy and reunite the country."  The former chancellor also won the first round with 88 votes from colleagues, with Ms Mordaunt in second on 67 votes. Ms Mordaunt is also in a strong position in second place, and is also topping YouGov and Conservative Home polling as the favourite among the Tory Party membership. Ms Braverman's promise to remove the authority of the European Court of Human Rights and cut to VAT on energy was not enough to win over enough votes from her colleagues. The Attorney General lost five votes in today's round.   DON'T MISSOn top form...Boris Johnson leaving with his 'head held high' [INSIGHT]Tories backing Rishi Sunak for PM overlooking MAJOR hurdle [ANALYSIS]BBC's Kuenssberg reveals desperate Boris offered two backers same job [REPORT] Those mid ranking in the table will now be seeking to bolster their support among those who voted for Ms Braverman. A spokeswoman for Ms Truss said: "Today's results show that Liz Truss is attracting a wide range of supporters from across the Conservative Party. "Suella Braverman ran a campaign that she can rightly be proud. "As Liz set out in her speech now is the time for MPs to unite behind the candidate who will cut taxes, deliver the real economic change we need, continue to deliver the benefits of Brexit and ensure Putin loses in Ukraine.   "Liz Truss has the experience to deliver from day one, grow our economy and support working families and then beat Labour." Similarly, allies of Mr Tugendhat insisted he would not pull out of the Tory leadership contest despite dropping five votes in the second round. The backbencher said on Twitter the campaign for "a clean start" continues, adding: "We need trust back in our politics." Ms Badenoch gained more support in the second round, and will also be hoping to scrape up the support from Ms Braverman's backers. There are currently three TV debates scheduled for the coming days, one on Channel 4 on Friday, ITV on Sunday and Sky News on Monday.