The first wife of Mr Trump and the mother of his three older children unexpectedly died today (July 14) at her apartment in New York City. US media reports that the emergency services were called to a cardiac arrest at a home in East 64 Street, Manhattan, where Ivana lived.   The former US president said in a post on the social medial platform Truth Social: "I am very saddened to inform all of those that loved her, of which there are many, that Ivana Trump has passed away at her home in New York City. "She was a wonderful, beautiful, and amazing woman, who led a great and inspirational life. "Her pride and joy were her three children, Donald Jr., Ivanka, and Eric. She was so proud of them, as we were all so proud of her. Rest In Peace, Ivana!" Born in February 1949, she grew up under Communist rule in the former Czechoslovakia, going on to marry Donald Trump Snr in 1977. She held top posts in The Trump Organization, including president of Trump's Castle casino resort.   The couple's divorce was the subject of wide media coverage in the 1990s. After the couple split in 1992 she went on to develop her own clothing lines, jewellery and beauty products which were sold on QVC and the Home Shopping Network. In a statement broadcast by ABC News, the Trump family said in tribute: "Ivana Trump was a survivor. She fled from communism and embraced this country. "She taught her children about grit and toughness, compassion and determination." Neither the Trump family's statement nor the post from the former president mentioned the cause of her death.  READ MORE ABOUT A MADELEINE MCCANN SUSPECT EXAMINED   Ivana and Donald Trump were tabloid figures in New York society in the 1980s and worked together on projects, including Trump Tower and the renovation of the Grand Hyatt Hotel  in New York as well as on the construction of the Trump Taj Mahal Casino Resort in New Jersey. Married four times, Ivana's first marriage to  Alfred Winklmayr was with the aim of securing Austrian nationality, according to one biographer. She wed Italian businessman Riccardo Mazzucchelli in November 1995. They divorced in 1997. Ivana married Italian actor and model Rossano Rubicondi in April, 2008, with Donald Trump Snr hosting the ceremony at his Mar-a-Lago resort with daughter Ivanka acting as her mother's maid of honour. The couple divorced less than a year later.  DON'T MISS: BBC’s Countryfile faces review following complaints [REVEALED] Ann Widdecombe in huge row with union chief 'Back to 70s!' [REPORT] Penny Mordaunt’s uncovered views on ‘s**t-faced’ British public [LATEST] Ivana made a number of television appearances during her life, including on Wogan and Celebrity Big Brother. When she appeared on The Oprah Winfrey Show in 1992 following her divorce from Donald she said: "I will not let men dominate me anymore." She and fourth ex-husband also performed on the Italian version of Strictly Come Dancing in 2018. Ivana published a number of books, including For Love Alone, Free to Love and self-help book The Best Is Yet to Come: Coping with Divorce and Enjoying Life Again. She penned an advice column focusing on love and life entitled Ask Ivana from 1995 to 2010.   A former model who once trained for the Czechoslovakian junior national ski team, Ivana played a role in building up the Trump media image in the 1980s, when they were one of New York City's most prominent power couples. Their divorce, which came after Donald Trump's highly publicised affair with Marla Maples - whom he later married - was fodder for the tabloids. The New York Times reported that while Donald Trump took the credit for his early success breaking into the fiercely competitive Manhattan real estate market, Ivana played an important role in building the family empire soon after their marriage.   Ivana is reported to have divided the latter part of her life between New York City, Miami, and Saint Tropez. Describing herself as fluent in German, French, Czech, and Russian, she became a naturalised citizen of the US in 1988. She leaves behind three children and 10 grandchildren.  