Mick Schumacher gave a heartwarming response at Sunday’s Austrian Grand Prix, as the youngster was named Formula 1 Driver of the Day. Schumacher secured a career best finish in Austria over the weekend, as he put in an impressive performance to cross the line in sixth. His career best result in Austria continues an impressive run for the ever-improving Haas driver, as it came just a week after Schumacher collected his first ever Formula 1 points, after finishing eighth in the British Grand Prix at Silverstone. Schumacher was informed mid-interview that he had been given the Driver of the Day award after Sunday's race, and it is fair to say he was more than happy. After being told that he was the man receiving the prize voted by the fans, shocked, he responded: “Oh I am?” Schumacher was then asked what the award meant to him, and responding with a beaming smile on his face he said: “That is very nice. I was wondering when that came. I thought it might have been at Silverstone, but obviously here is a great thing so thank you very much!” JUST IN: FIA respond to Lewis Hamilton and Lando Norris complaints at Austrian GP The youngster has undoubtedly come into the sport with pressure on his shoulders, after his dad Michael picked up seven world titles and cemented himself as one F1’s greatest ever drivers during his career. After a tricky maiden year in 2021, it seems as if the German is finally starting to find his feet after two impressive finishes at Silverstone and in Austria. Following his career best run on Sunday, Schumacher revealed that he believes he and his Haas team are ‘going in the right direction’. He told Sky Sports: “As athletes, you’re always after that pressure and with Silverstone, coming in with the points was what I needed to set off fireworks like this.I think we are going in the right direction. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton in angry radio message to Mercedes during Austrian GPHelmut Marko admits Charles Leclerc and Ferrari fears after winMercedes chief Toto Wolff tells abusive fans to 'f*** off' “We scored points at Silverstone and today and I think we could have scored points yesterday (in the sprint) which shows a steep upward trend." It was points all round for Team Haas as Schumacher’s 2022 teammate Kevin Magnussen also secured a top-10 finish after coming in two places behind in second. After the race, the German star had plenty of praise for his Danish teammate. He said: “Kevin had a very great start to the season and has shown me different tools and different ideas. I feel like we’re feeding off each other."