According to the Met Office, a period of warm, dry and settled weather is continuing for much of the UK this weekend and into next week. High pressure continues to dominate the UK over the coming days, prolonging the warm spell for many.  Heatwave criteria will be met in some areas in southern and central England and Wales. The far northwest will be cooler with some cloudy periods and some patchy rain at times. The highest temperatures could reach 33C on Tuesday, although temperatures will also be widely above average this weekend and through next week. A Level 3 alert has also been issued for the East of England, South East and London regions, which were all placed under a Level 2 alert on Thursday.  Met Office Deputy Chief Meteorologist, David Oliver, said: “The warm weather over much of England and Wales could last for much of next week. “In the short term, many can expect temperatures in the mid to high 20s Celsius over the weekend, and then in the low 30s Celsius during the start of next week. “Much of next week will remain warm for the time of year as well as dry and sunny for many areas.” Both alert levels are currently in place from 9am on Monday July 11 until 9am on Friday July 15, with warm weather forecast across the country throughout the course of next week.  READ MORE: Britons baffled as unmemorable Tory hopefuls stump voters - WATCH Dr Agostinho Sousa, Head of Extreme Events and Health Protection at UKHSA, said: “Heat-health alerts have now been issued to the majority of the country, with temperatures set to remain consistently high throughout the duration of next week. “Most of us can enjoy the hot weather when it arrives, but it is important to keep yourself hydrated and to find shade where possible when UV rays are strongest, between 11am and 3pm. “If you have vulnerable family, friends and neighbours, make sure they are aware of how they can keep themselves protected from the warm weather.” The forecasters have advised the Brits to stay hydrated and look out for those who may struggle to keep themselves cool and hydrated – older people, those with underlying conditions and those who live alone are particularly at risk.  DON'T MISS:Kate could face embarrassment for ‘congratulating someone from Russia'Tories in Camden throw Boris under the busUkraine LIVE: Putin rocked as Zelensky's paras destroy 12 tanks