Newcastle's search for a striker continues having missed out on a deal to sign Reims striker Hugo Ekitike earlier this summer. With the Magpies having Callum Wilson and Chris Wood as their only recognised strikers, Eddie Howe is mulling over his options as he seeks more attackers to provide competition for places. And he has been offered Watford's Emmanuel Dennis and Burnley's Maxwel Cornet as a result per reports. The Magpies are in serious need of renovation to improve their squad depth given the club have been languishing in the bottom-half of the Premier League for several years. Having not finished in the top half of the league since 2012, Howe's side are expected to not only improve on a couple of first-team players this summer, but bolster their squad to compete on all fronts. And the Chronicle reports that their strategy has opened the door to potential moves for Cornet and Dennis, who are both available on the cheap having been relegated from the Premier League in the summer. Newcastle chiefs this week ordered nomadic talent Dwight Gayle to train with the club's reserves as they look to make space for another striker, with Middlesbrough and Birmingham keen on his signature. Cornet, who scored nine goals in just 26 appearances for the Clarets last season, has an active £17.5million release clause in his contract due to Burnley's relegation. The Ivorian was one of the only shining lights in a Burnley side which struggled under eventually-sacked manager Sean Dyche and went down on the final day thanks to Newcastle's 2-1 victory over them at Turf Moor. Having signed from Lyon for £12m just one year ago, Burnley would rather keep the attacking star for their promotion bid but are powerless if Newcastle activate his release clause. And being able to play anywhere across the front three, alongside left-wing back and left midfield, Cornet would represent superb value for money. Meanwhile, Dennis is in a similar position after an impressive season in the Premier League for the Hornets. He scored 10 goals in 33 games for Roy Hodgson's men, although that wasn't enough to keep Watford in the top flight last season. The Nigerian forward is only 24, and could have a superb career in the English game should he make the move back up to the Premier League this summer. The former Club Brugge star has been granted the choice to leave if a suitable offer arrives, sporting director Cristiano Giaretta stated earlier this week. “It’s highly likely that if they are here when the season starts, they will be available for first-team games if Rob [Edwards] chooses to select them,” he told the Watford Observer. “They would like to leave and have been looking at potential moves, but they are not causing us any problems. They are not banging on our door to get away as soon as they can. “They will stay at the club if the market doesn’t deliver something we think is acceptable, in the same way Sarr stayed with us the last time we were in the Championship.” The report further states that Newcastle are interested in Armando Broja from Chelsea, although the Blues wish to wait until the end of pre-season before deciding whether they will let him leave.