Chelsea could be left in a battle to fund their summer transfer plans as other clubs are uninterested in their out of favour stars. Thomas Tuchel needs to trim the size of his squad before he is able to bring in a raft of new faces to Stamford Bridge. Chelsea have already moved to secure the signings of Raheem Sterling and Kalidou Koulibaly so far this summer and there is an increasing expectation that Sevilla centre-back Jules Kounde will join that list as the club closes in on a deal. However, Tuchel’s quest to add more names to the fray could be hampered by the Blues' inability to shift their unwanted assets. At best the club would be left with a hugely inflated squad for the season ahead however, in the worst case scenario, they could miss out on their top targets as too much of their budget would be wrapped up in their cast offs. The Telegraph reports that the Chelsea boss is trying to shift six players out the Stamford Bridge exit door. They include Michy Batshuayi, Kenedy, Malang Sarr and Ross Barkley. The two most notable names are backup goalkeeper Kepa Arrizabalaga and Timo Werner. Both players arrived in high-profile transfers in 2018 and 2020 respectively but have fallen far below expectations despite the significant expenditure on them. JUST IN: Man Utd snubbed for Arsenal in Tielemans debate as timeline set None of the players are believed to be attracting any concrete interest meaning they could be set to linger in west London for another season. This would be a serious blow to Tuchel as he looks to build on the club’s third place finish in the Premier League last season in order to challenge Manchester City and Liverpool. Despite reports stating that Tuchel wants his fellow countryman Werner to leave the club, the 48-year-old spoke about his shock when he heard reports that the forward said he would be happier at another club. “I’m surprised,” the German told reporters when quizzed on Werner’s comments. “I would be very happy as a young guy having a contract at Chelsea Football Club. I would be one of the happiest people on the planet.” He continued by explaining there was still a place for Werner in the Chelsea team if he is prepared to work hard. “Show quality, take your place and defend your place,” Tuchel said. “I would be one of the happiest people on the planet having a contract with Chelsea. If he said this, I do not understand.” DON'T MISS...Solskjaer ‘had two issues with Martial’ before Man Utd sackingBarcelona ‘hold De Jong meeting’ as Man Utd and Chelsea eye transferErik ten Hag caught screaming 'f***ing rubbish' at Zidane Iqbal The Chelsea manager has had some success in shipping out expensive rejects after he let Romelu Lukaku return to Inter Milan on loan. He will hope to have moved more of his out of-favour stars on by the time the club’s season gets underway against Everton on 6th August.