Cult classic Only Fools and Horses may have ended in 1996, but John Sullivan is still praised for the genius scriptwriting of the hit BBC comedy. Although the series mainly explored the hilarious antics of Del Boy (played by David Jason) and brother Rodney Trotter (Nicholas Lyndhurst), it differed from previous sitcoms by including emotional and authentic moments. One example of this was the death of Grandad (Lennard Pearce), which John wrote into the script when the actor sadly died. Instead of replacing Pearce, Sullivan insisted on changing the pre-planned storyline to include Grandad's death. The decision was explored in recent Channel 5 documentary, Only Fools and Horses: Secrets and Scandals. As super fans and those involved in the show talked about the death of Pearce and the impact it would have on the show, they described Sullivan's reluctance to replace the actor. Editor Chris Wadsworth explained: "It was a terrible occasion, you know, this was Lennard Pearce who had died, not just a character in a show. "We were saying goodbye to a really nice gentleman and a great character." READ MORE: BBC crisis as 300,000 ditch licence fee — financial blackhole looming Comedy historian Graham McCann stated: "Lennard Pearce had always had health problems, he'd suffered from hypertension. "And later on, he also became reliant on alcohol as well - he just became all frail because of his health. "As time went on he had someone helping him to come to work, it was a tough life for him in the final couple of years or so." Pearce suffered a fatal heart attack in 1984 at the age of 69. It came just a couple of days after he'd filmed episodes for the upcoming series four of the show. Author Mike Jones recalled: "This was late 1984, so it was decided to kind of shelve everything until the new year." Because scripts had already been written, Sullivan had to decide what to do about the storyline. McCann explained: "And then the question had to be, 'How do they deal with this?' DON'T MISS... Dr Amir Khan jokes ‘I’ll be sacked’ after nude drawings [VIDEO]Good Morning Britain viewers fume over Commonwealth error  [REACTION]Vanessa Feltz quits Radio 2 after 12 years ‘I need to step down’ [LATEST] "And that again really shows you the distinctiveness of the show and also the distinctiveness of John Sullivan that he really wanted Only Fools and Horses to be something with more depth in it than conventional sitcoms. "Whereas the old routine might have been you either write the character out or recast it, he wanted the character to die and the other characters to react to the death." He went on: "And it brought a darkness to the show, another quality to it, a different dimension that really helped to elevate it to the next level and made it very spec in terms of the acting and the power of the script." During the episodes involving Grandad's death, Del Boy opened up to Rodney in emotional scenes. The story explored a different side to the character, who had always come across as happy and carefree. Sullivan also decided to write in a new character to replace the void left by Grandad, and Buster Merryfield was cast as Uncle Albert. The Channel Five documentary explained how Merryfield himself had written to Sullivan with the idea, which ended up paying off as fans quickly warmed to the new character. Only Fools and Horses: Secrets and Scandals is available to watch on My5. 