Arsenal and Manchester United could be locked in a battle to sign Italy striker Andrea Belotti for free this summer. The 28-year-old is now a free agent after leaving Serie A side Torino following the expiration of his contract. Belotti hit the headlines last spring when he was tipped to make a big-money move to the Premier League. The Gunners and the Red Devils were among the clubs who were linked with the ace, while the likes of Tottenham, Chelsea, Everton and West Ham were also rumoured to be interested in him. But he stayed at Torino for one final season, during which he scored eight goals in 23 games amid a series of injury problems. Torino were keen to keep the ace and reportedly made several attempts to tie him down to a new deal. But he instead opted to call time on his career at the Stadio Olimpico Grande Torino and search for a new club. JUST IN: William Saliba's 'leaked' Arsenal shirt number provides huge hint on team-mate's future   Arsenal have been on the hunt for a new striker this summer after Alexandre Lacazette departed the club to return to Lyon. But the north London giants have now signed Gabriel Jesus from Manchester City. Manager Mikel Arteta will not be content with signing only one frontman during the current transfer window, however, and could see Belotti as the perfect partner in crime for the Brazil international. United, meanwhile, are desperate for new faces after enduring a dismal season last time around. The Red Devils finished sixth in the Premier League as the likes of Marcus Rashford and Jadon Sancho faltered. And Belotti could be the answer to their problems. READ MOREChelsea 'receive response' from Juventus after 'offering two players' for Matthijs de LigtMan Utd hatch Frenkie de Jong announcement plan as transfer deal enters 'final stages'Tottenham on verge of fourth and fifth signings following double transfer breakthrough      Belotti has featured 44 times for Italy throughout his career and has bagged 12 goals in those games. He played in all but one match at last summer’s Euro 2020 as his country defeated England in the final to be crowned European champions. And he now looks certain to land a big contract. Earlier this year, it was reported that West Ham had made a move for the ace and had offered him a three-year deal to move to east London. The Hammers finished seventh in the Premier League last season and are keen to land a new frontman to provide competition for Michail Antonio. Meanwhile, AC Milan, Atalanta and Atletico Madrid were all said to be chasing the Italian, who racked-up 113 goals and 28 assists during his seven-year spell at Torino. So Arsenal and United could be left disappointed if they don’t act fast. 