They have won a cup the men haven't. In a sport human beings were banned from in this country until the 1970s should they be in the unfortunate possession of a cervix, our Lionesses have proved themselves unbeatable. England, I can barely believe I'm typing this, today lifted an international trophy at Wembley. Something their male counterparts have signally failed to do for more than half a century.And they did it with skill, intelligence, unbelievable athleticism and almost without exception, good grace. You watching chaps? I also wanted to write 'sportsmanship' but tonight, of all nights, surely I mean 'sportswomanship', which appears to be an entirely different thing.Don't fret, there is no patriarchal patronising going on here - I am amomg the millions who have admired and applauded the sheer ruthlessness and tungsten-hard confidence of manager Sarina Wiegmann who has made calls a lesser manager, and by that I mean every male England manager since Sir Alf, might have shied away from. She has not lost a game since taking over - 19 games ago - and lest we forget she presided over England's 20-nil humiliation of Latvia. She's not a woman to be reckoned with, she's a manger to be reckoned with. Hell, she's a force to be reckoned with. And there was aggression on that Wembley pitch too, by the bucketload - the women on both sides were playing very much for keeps. But have you ever seen so many smiles, so many laughs, on the pitch at a mens' game of equivalent stature? Of course not. Remember when footy wasn't a commodity to be traded and sold like pork belly futures? Well, it turns out, maybe in the women's game it's still not.That cup-final was a joy. A proper jumpers for goalposts joy.That will change of course, the moneymen are already sniffing blood.But for now it seems womens' football is an absolute good. What is weird is how much it feels like a 'new sport' has been invented. As if we didn't know the women's game developed faster than the mens' (particularly in the mill towns of the North West) in the backend years of the 19th century and early 20th century. Until the wise men of the FA banned ladies who they thought, frankly, were getting a little above themselves.There will be academic treatises written on this and it does really feel like a massive moment not just for sport but for sexual politics in Britain. Talk about levelling-up...But for now, let's just revel in the moment - a moment unique in most Brits' lives (save those who were around in 1966) and re-watch that Russo back heel, that effortless Toone lob, and Chloe Kelly' joyous winner.Yep, men's football is properly in the doghouse tonight.Clueless overpaid pampered prima donnas not capable of winning an egg cup my dad calls pretty much any bloke who pulls on a three lions shirt. Tonight it doesn't half look like he's right.