Virgin River season four is on Netflix now and fans will be thrilled to hear the fifth season is in production. The latest episodes welcomed back Paige (played by Lexa Doig), who had been in hiding for all of season three. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about what happened to her. Paige was absent for a lot of the previous season after she fled Virgin River in fear for her life. After getting close to Preacher (Colin Lawrence), Paige opened up about her real identity. She had changed her name in order to escape her abusive partner, Wes (Steve Bacic), and she wanted to start a new life for herself and her son Christopher (Chase Petriw). However, Wes soon caught up with her and the pair got into a physical fight. Paige accidentally pushed Wes down the stairs and killed him. READ MORE: Is Denny really Doc’s grandson in Virgin River? She later confided in Preacher who helped her dispose of Wes' body before anyone else could find out. Preacher told her she had no choice but to leave Virgin River, and he would take care of Christopher. Once she had fled, Preacher heard nothing from Paige and he was getting worried about her. In season three, a friend of Paige's said she could take Preacher to her, but it was a trap. Preacher was knocked out with drugs and in the meantime, Wes' brother Vince kidnapped Christopher. With both Paige and Christophers' whereabouts unknown, Preacher could not relax. In season four, he finally heard from Christopher, who called him from a motel room using Vince's phone. Preacher managed to trace Christopher to an abandoned wooden chalet in the woods. He then had the shock of his life when Paige showed up unannounced. She explained she had been staying at a women's refuge but got out in order to tell Preacher about a bargain. DON'T MISS... Who bailed Brady out in Virgin River season 4? [INSIGHT] What is wrong with Denny in Virgin River season 4? [EXPLAINER] Is Mel Monroe leaving the clinic in Virgin River? [INSIGHT] Vince told her he would give Christopher back if she willingly took his place. Of course, Preacher told her to refuse and that he would bring Christopher home safe and sound. But while Preacher was out, Paige agreed to the deal and went with Vince, so Christopher would be set free. Paige was then seen being taken back to the chalet with Vince, who questioned her about his brother's death. He was about to kill her when Preacher barged in and saved the day. Paige watched on in horror as Preacher and Vince fought in front of her. She picked up a gun and was prepared to try and shoot Vince, but Preacher hit him over the head and he was knocked out. At this moment in time, it is not clear whether Preacher killed Vince with the blow. In the meantime, it seems Preacher and Paige are free to return to Virgin River to be reunited with Christopher. Fans will have to wait and see whether Paige sticks around for season five.  Virgin River seasons 1-4 are on Netflix now. Season 5 is in production.