WARNING: This article contains spoilers from P-Valley. P-Valley's second season has left fans in tears with some truly heartbreaking scenes. Episode eight, entitled The Death Drop, will soon be ready to watch on Starz. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know to watch the latest from P-Valley. P-Valley season two may almost be over but there are still a couple more episodes left to go in the series. A new instalment comes out every Sunday on Starz in America and Starzplay via Amazon Prime Video in the UK. Fans can expect P-Valley season two, episode eight, to come out on Sunday, July 31, at 10pm ET in the States. For those in the UK, the same episode will be dropped on Starzplay at 2pm GMT. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan 'not showing love' claims royal author Levin Little to no details have been released so far regarding what will happen in the upcoming eighth instalment. The synopsis for The Death Drop simply reads: "Some folks across Chucalissa fight for what’s theirs, while others struggle to accept the things they can’t change." But what could this mean for the gang at The Pynk as the series approaches its finale? Jackson, episode seven, was particularly emotional for Uncle Clifford (played by Nicco Annan) for a couple of reasons. The first was the ill health of his beloved Grandmother Ernestine (Loretta Devine) who caught norovirus. She managed to escape the house without Uncle Clifford or Lil Murda (J Alphonse Nicholson) seeing and was determined to throw herself into the Mississippi River. Thankfully, the pair were able to get to her in time and instead brought the water to her, with Lil Murda gently pouring it over Ernestine to help calm her down. She is taken away in an ambulance by the end of Jackson and it is unclear what her fate will be. DON'T MISS...Royal Family ‘shut down’ filming for The Crown season 5 [FILMING]P-Valley’s Uncle Clifford star opens up on Hailey fall-out [CAST]Outlander's Sam Heughan hailed by co-star in move away from Starz show [EXPLAINER] It was also an upsetting time for Uncle Clifford as Hailey (Elarica Johnson) talked of selling The Pynk. She remained adamant this was the right thing to do as she wanted to start a new life with her daughter and needed money to do so. Hailey did get an offer of $5million but turned it down as she wants the precious building and land for double the price. Only time will tell if Hailey is going to be able to get her wish and leave her life at The Pynk behind. Following The Death Drop, there will be just two more episodes left to air of P-Valley season two. The penultimate episode, Snow, will come out on August 7, while the grand finale is scheduled for August 14. As of yet, there has been no talk regarding a third season of P-Valley. P-Valley season 2 continues every Sunday on Starz in America and Starzplay via Amazon Prime Video in the UK.