An unlucky driver attempted to park their vehicle in a Derbyshire car park when they suffered a “mishap”. In turn, the car ended up on top of two caravans that were parked nearby on a showroom site. The vehicle had to be recovered by firefighters. Derbyshire Fire and Rescue Service were called to Glossop Caravans on Brookfield Road A57 at 2.47pm yesterday, Saturday, July 2, to deal with the bizarre incident. No one was hurt in the incident, DerbyshireLive reported. It is still not clear how exactly the driver managed to get the car on top of the caravans. READ MORE: Drivers urged to park on driveways during busy periods The mistake is likely to have caused hundreds, if not thousands, of pounds worth of damage to the three vehicles involved. A spokesperson from Glossop fire station said: "Crew paged at 2.07pm today (Saturday, July 2) to reports of an RTC, on arrival crews found a car on top of two caravans which had happened due to a mishap trying to park in car park. “ALP (Ariel ladder platform) from Greater Manchester Fire and Rescue Service (GMFRS) and MRU (Major rescue unit) from Staveley Fire Station assisted with extrication and stability of the vehicle, all persons safe and well. Chapel On Call Fire Station also attended.” The news comes just after firefighters issued an urgent warning to drivers who park on residential streets after one of their fire engines was blocked and delayed from attending an emergency response. DON'T MISS Drivers warned of simple mistake that can leave them stranded [WARNING] Electric vehicles trialled as rapid response cars [REVEAL] Disabled drivers hit out at 'lazy' motorists who park in disabled bays [INSIGHT] Thankfully, no one was seriously hurt in the incident. Despite having access issues, the fire brigade managed to rescue a man in his 50s and his dog after a small kitchen fire broke out. The home in Bedminster, Bristol was attended by two fire engines around 1pm on July 2, BristolLive reported. The fire was started accidentally on the ground floor of a terraced home. READ MORE: Drivers warned of huge barriers preventing electric car uptake No one was injured and the flames were put out quickly. However, a car parked on the corner of the road made the street difficult to pass, costing the emergency response team valuable minutes. Steve Quinton, Duty Group Manager for Avon Fire and Rescue, said: "We were called at 12.29pm to Ashgrove Road in Bedminster. “We initially had two appliances from Bedminster and one appliance from Temple. “We were called to a house fire, a cooking fire in the kitchen on the ground floor. “We were called by the occupant and it was a small fire involving cooking. "We had one 56-year-old male and one dog treated by fire service for minor smoke inhalation. “It was accidental ignition and we had two breathing apparatus and a high press jet. “No one was conveyed to hospital." Mr Quinton also issued an urgent warning to drivers. He said: "Car parking in that area is always a challenge for us and whilst our fire appliances are getting more compact, the plea is to always consider parking in and around those areas because I get that the streets are tight but it does hinder our attendance."