Victoria Derbyshire has landed a top job at BBC Two's Newsnight as a lead presenter. The TV journalist takes over from Emily Maitlis, who has been the show's figurehead since 2006. Victoria's daily current affairs show was axed by the BBC in January 2020 during a string of cuts. An online petition had been launched to get the BBC to consider reversing its decision to cancel Victoria's show. The broadcaster's decision to axe the award-winning programme faced backlash from the presenter herself. At the time she said she was “devastated” by the news, which came as a surprise. The petition reached more than 50,000 signatures during the month the news came to light. Since her show was cut, Victoria has continued to present across various BBC shows. READ MORE: Naga Munchetty reacts after presenter 'reshuffle' on BBC Breakfast However, the permanent team at Newsnight will be bringing her on board as their latest recruit. She will join Kirsty Wark as lead presenter, with Faisal Islam stepping in as a regular anchor. Victoria will join Newsnight permanently in September. Speaking about her latest venture, she said: “I am so delighted to be joining the legend that is Kirsty Wark and the talented Newsnight team under new and ambitious leadership. “This is a special opportunity to take on one of the best jobs in British journalism and help shape the programme’s future. "I can’t wait to champion more stories about people’s lives while holding those who represent them to account.” Stewart Maclean, the editor of Newsnight, said: “Victoria is one of the most tenacious journalists in the business, with a fantastic ability to ask the straightforward questions our viewers want answered, and a shelf-full of major awards for her work. "We’re delighted she’s joining us on Newsnight as a lead presenter alongside Kirsty. “It’s an exciting time for Newsnight, and Victoria and Kirsty will be a formidable partnership at the heart of our presenter line-up.” After her show was cut from the BBC schedule, the star appeared on the 2020 season of I'm A Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! DON'T MISS... 'You're f***ing kidding' Victoria Derbyshire recalls day BBC axed show [DISCUSSION] Victoria Derbyshire red-faced after Bridgerton steamy scenes probe [VIDEO] Gentleman Jack cancelled: Could there still be a season 3 on the BBC? [INSIGHT] Although she was the fourth star to get eliminated, she became a fan-favourite. At the time her show was axed, she issued a lengthy statement on Twitter, which was met with a swathe of support from fans. She had said: "Absolutely devastated at the plan to end our programme (which I first learned about in yesterday’s Times). I’m unbelievably proud of what our team and our show have achieved in under five years... "...breaking tonnes of original stories (which we were asked to do); attracting a working class, young, diverse audience that BBC radio & TV news progs just don’t reach (which we were asked to do); & smashing the digital figures (which we were asked to do). "I’m gutted particularly for our brilliant, young, ambitious, talented team - love ‘em. And for all those people we gave a voice to. Love them too." [Sic] BBC Media Editor Amol Rajan said that the costs of doing the show on a “linear channel when savings are needed” were “deemed too high”. BBC director of news and current affairs Fran Unsworth told staff it had “not been an easy decision”. She added: "Audience behaviours are changing. Linear television viewing is declining, and as we progress with our £80 million savings target, it is no longer cost-effective to continue producing the programme on television." On her personal Twitter account, Victoria addressed moving to Newsnight. She said: "SO HAPPY I’ll be joining fab @KirstyWark & the talented @BBCNewsnight team under new & ambitious leadership.  Newsnight airs on BBC Two at 10.30pm.