Djokovic, 35, will aim to book a place in the quarter-finals of Wimbledon tomorrow as he takes on Tim van Rijthoven. Their last-16 clash at the All England Club comes after Djokovic beat fellow Serb Miomir Kecmanovic in the third round. The defending Wimbledon champion, who is the top seed in this year’s competition, won that match 6-0 6-3 6-4. The 20-time Grand Slam-winner is expected to be the favourite against Dutch wildcard Van Rijthoven, 25. Djokovic is considered one of the greatest players of all time, although during the pandemic he has become known as much for his bizarre health beliefs as his tennis. The world number three has sparked major controversy over anti-vaccine comments he has made in the past. In January of this year, Djokovic was then left unable to defend his Australian Open title as he was deported from Australia following a row over him trying to enter the country without being vaccinated against COVID-19. Amid the saga, the Serb spoke to the BBC’s Amol Rajan to defend not only his freedom to remain unvaccinated, but also his general wellbeing practices. One of the tennis ace’s strangest health claims is that water can be purified with “positive emotions”. JUST IN: Novak Djokovic's bizarre health beliefs include purifying water with 'positive emotions' Djokovic made the unfounded claim in May 2020 as he spoke to wellness guru Chervin Jafarieh as part of ‘The Self Mastery Project’ series. Speaking on Instagram Live, Djokovic said: “It’s the connection that you’re talking about. “The innate connection and really being present and being conscious of the moment and being conscious of the fact you’re drinking water. “I’ve seen people and I know some people that, through that energetical [sic] transformation, through the power of prayer, through the power of gratitude, they manage to turn the most toxic food or the most polluted water into the most healing water. “Because water reacts and scientists have proven that molecules in the water react to our emotions, to what is being said. “I truly believe that we should continuously, every single day, that when we sit, we sit without cameras, without phones … or even worse, having nervous discussions and conflictual [sic] discussions at the table with your close ones during your meal.” Mr Jafarieh appeared to agree with Djokovic, nodding along with him throughout his remarks. The wellness guru also chimed in with some of his own bizarre comments about water and the human body. He said: “They say if you had specific thoughts, specific emotions onto the water, if they were happy thoughts, if they were good thoughts, they created a molecular structure that had a geo-prism based on sacred geometry, meaning there was symmetry and balance. “On the opposite end, when you give water pain, fear, frustration, anger, that water will break apart.” DON'T MISS: Novak Djokovic's bitter family feud with Roger Federer: 'Not a good man' [LATEST]'Who’s going to turn that down?' Christopher Walken's odd lion tamer career before acting [INSIGHT]Björn Borg’s rage in feud with John McEnroe stunned American: ‘I was totally shocked’ [ANALYSIS] However, Djokovic’s comments were blasted by broadcaster and former professional tennis player Mary Carillo, who said she was “disturbed by his claims”. Speaking on The Tennis Channel, she said: “We know that he believes in meditation, in prayer, in holistic healing. “He hated that he had to get his elbow cut, he tried to stave that off for a long time because he genuinely thought he could heal his own body. “I’m very disturbed that Djokovic and that other guy are saying you can change toxic water to drinking water. “This is dangerous stuff and when I looked at it … it already had half a million hits. I really hope he backs down from that.” Coverage of Djokovic vs Van Rijthoven will be shown live across the BBC tomorrow afternoon.