Only close friends and family were invited to the christening of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's first child Archie Harrison Mountbatten-Windsor on July 6, 2019. Proud grandparents Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall attended the poignant ceremony along with Meghan's beloved mother Doria Ragland. But noticeably absent from the proceedings was Harry's grandmother, the Queen.  The Queen and Prince Philip did not attend Archie's christening in Windsor as the monarch had a prior engagement. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex reportedly moved the christening to a day later than originally planned to enable Prince Charles to attend. The Queen was previously unable to attend the christening of the youngest Cambridge child Prince Louis in 2018 too. READ MORE: Duchess of Kent 'deeply hurt' after request refused by Wimbledon chief Guests at Archie's christening who appeared in the official photo included Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge. Lady Jane Fellowes and Lady Sarah McCorquodale, the late Princess Diana's sisters, also attended. Ms Ragland was also pictured standing next to her fellow grandparents Prince Charles and Camilla. A Royal Communications spokesperson said: "The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are overjoyed to share the happiness of this day, and would like to thank everyone around the world for their ongoing support. "They feel so fortunate to have enjoyed this special moment with family and Archie's godparents."   Press wasn't invited to Archie's christening, and royal fans could only catch a glimpse of the special day from a couple of official photographs released by the Royal Family. In hindsight, Meghan and Harry's approach to their son's christening was an early indication of their plans to do royal life differently, and less than a year later the Sussexes stepped down as working members of the Royal Family. After leaving their royal roles behind, Meghan and Harry repaid the estimated £2.4million of money used from the Sovereign Grant to refurbish their Windsor base of Frogmore Cottage.  DON'T MISS:Meghan Markle moment that stunned Wimbledon fan: ‘It was bonkers’ [INSIGHT]Guests follow strict rules in Wimbledon's exclusive and luxurious [ANALYSIS]Camilla's wedding gift to Kate held adorable meaning [PICTURES]  BBC News' royal correspondent Jonny Dymond wrote at the time that Archie's christening was "a very different royal event" without television coverage, press photographers and any announcement of Archie's godparents. He said: "It all points to a very different royal event, part of the continuing desire by the Duke and Duchess to raise their son Archie out of the spotlight. "Coming so swiftly after the revelation that almost £2.5million of taxpayers' money was spent renovating a property for Harry and Meghan - it has led to questions about visibility. "The previous understandings about public access to royal events appear to have been abandoned by a couple determined to do things their own way."  