Bitter rivals Iranian Hulk and Kazakh Titan make their boxing debuts this weekend. Hulk was supposed to face off against fellow bodybuilder Martyn Ford, but ‘The World’s Scariest Man’ called off the contest over concerns for his opponent’s mental health. Shortly after their heated face-off earlier this year in which Hulk was shoved to the ground, Ford told The Mirror: "This is where we came to Dubai and had the confrontation. I have genuine concerns about his mental health and how he’s feeling. It is who I am. "I can't fight someone who I genuinely believe can take his own life after the fight. As an outsider people might say, ‘What are you on about?’ but from someone who was there, who saw him and the way he crumbled. We had a face-off, and it was one little push. I looked in his eyes and then turned around and said to the guys, ‘There is no fight’.” Now, the Internet sensation will square off against his Kazakh foe in Dubai with a number of influencers booked on the undercard including YouTube star Ryan Taylor. Date and venue The fight will take place at the P7 Arena in the Media One Hotel, Dubai, UAE on July 31. Fight times and TV channel/live stream The event will get underway at 7 pm UK time with the main eventers expected to do battle around 10.30 pm. Fans can catch the event on the Wicked 'N' Bad pay-per-view service, with the event currently costing £7 on PPV. Viewers can stream the show via the Wicked ‘N’ Bad website on a range of devices including Smart TVs, laptops, tablets and mobile phones. Full card Main Event: Iranian Hulk vs Kazakh Titan Ryan Taylor vs Anthony Taylor Oumar 'Reug Reug' Kane vs TBA Baby Slice vs TBA MORE BOXING NEWS... Usyk sparring partner feared he was 'going to get killed' at eerie HQ Joshua plans for next fight after Usyk in place but Fury bout unlikely Mayweather made mouth watering NBA offer by De La Hoya What has been said? Iranian Hulk: "This fight is for me to set the record straight. I will be a great champion for Iran, and I'll represent my people with respect and all my strength. After I win this fight, I want to challenge myself against Martyn Ford, this fight will happen, if Martyn is too scared to fight me then the world will know. I’m stepping into the ring now ready to fight”. Kazakh Titan: “Many people are saying they don’t know who I am, but they will see on July 31 who Kazakh Titan is, my power. I am going to make history by winning and making it the most entertaining show that has been in Dubai. When I win this fight, I want to fight Fedor in Almaty and bring the biggest fight to the country ever.”