The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge watched the action on day nine of the famous tennis tournament, with Kate's mother sitting near to the couple on the viewing platforms. As the Duke and Duchess peered at the courts, they turned to Carole Middleton, who playfully poked out her tongue at her daughter and son-in-law.  Holding a drink in a metal container, Kate's mother joked with the couple in the Royal Box at Centre Court, before they broke out in laughter. The Duchess, 40, stunned in a blue polka dot dress for the second week of matches at the All England Lawn Tennis and Croquet Club. She was also sporting a green and purple ribbon, in a nod to her role as patron of the club. Kate became patron back in 2016, taking up the mantle from the Queen, who had previously held the title for over six decades.  Kate waved at the crowds gathered in London, later blowing a kiss as she took her seat in the Royal Box earlier on Tuesday. The Duke and Duchess were joined by Kate's parents for the match between Serbia's Novak Djokovic, the defending champion, and Italian player Jannik Sinner. They were also accompanied by comedian David Walliams and his mother. A number of fellow Wimbledon watchers noted their surprise to see the future king, 40, and his wife at the historic tournament. READ MORE: Meghan Markle moment that stunned Wimbledon fan: ‘It was bonkers’ One spectator told The Independent: "It is really nice to see the famous people sitting watching tennis next to us." Another described the "royal buzz" to the day, added by the couple's appearance. The outing marks the first royal appearance at Wimbledon this year, which will finish this Sunday. Royal fans on social media were quick to watch the Duchess as she settled into her seat, with one account praising her interactions with her parents during the matches. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan to send firm into 'category 5 meltdown' [LIVE]Royal POLL: Do you think British Monarchy is too expensive? [VOTE] Kate personally 'teaching' her three children royal etiquette [INSIGHT]  Twitter user @BRFguards wrote: "The Duchess of Cambridge looking for her parents in the royal box and blowing a kiss to greet them. "What a sweet daughter." Another, @aceodds, quipped: "Wonder if they're enjoying some strawberries and cream."  Fellow Twitter user @Suzanne_Brmptn wrote: "Wimbledon isn't Wimbledon without the Duchess of Cambridge." Their appearance comes as Britain's Cameron Norrie passes into the tournament's quarter-finals.