Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel has revealed he told the club’s new owner Todd Boehly “straight away” that he wanted to sign Raheem Sterling. The England winger quit Premier League champions Manchester City earlier this week as he put pen-to-paper on a five-year deal at Stamford Bridge. “He was the absolute number one for that position,” Tuchel said of Sterling as he recalled his early transfer discussions with Boehly following the American’s takeover at the end of May. “I gave his name to Todd straight away. Analysing of the season, Todd and Behdad [Eghbali], our owners, at the end of the season and like in the first week after the end of the season. “Every time we played against him - he’s horrible to play against, horrible. The main point is his intensity and the amount of repetition of intensity that he delivers. This is simply outstanding over the last years.” Sterling has become one of the best attackers in the Premier League since moving to the Etihad Stadium from Liverpool in 2015. During his time in Manchester, the 27-year-old racked-up 131 goals and 94 assists in 337 appearances. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd agree fee, Chelsea eyeing two deals, Ronaldo offer   He was a key player under Pep Guardiola and helped City win four Premier League titles, five Carabao Cups and the FA Cup. And the ace even reached double figures for Premier League goals in each of his last five campaigns in the north west, with the Citizens dominating English football. But Sterling fell out of favour last season and struggled to get in the team at times. After starting just three of the first 11 top-flight games of the last campaign, the player was named on the bench for both legs of City’s crucial Champions League semi-final showdown with Real Madrid as the Spanish giants secured victory courtesy of a late comeback in the second match. And Sterling also failed to make the starting team when City beat Aston Villa to win the Premier League title on the final day of the season. DON'T MISSArsenal given transfer boost as Man City already planning for Oleksandr Zinchenko exitFrenkie de Jong's rejected shirt number as Barcelona star nears Man Utd transferBarcelona dressing room reaction after Frenkie de Jong ‘tells them he’ll reject Man Utd’   City’s loss is clearly Chelsea’s gain and there are now high expectations in west London that the talented star can help the Blues reach the next level. And Boehly has already explained what he thinks of the player. “Raheem Sterling is a serial winner and his signing is an important step in strengthening our squad,” the 48-year-old said after the transfer was announced. “We are delighted for Raheem to return to London with Chelsea, and we look forward to seeing his world-class talent on display at Stamford Bridge.” 