At 9.31am, the pound rose 0.35 percent against the U.S. dollar to trade at $1.197. At 10.40am, the pound was trading at around $1.199 to the dollar. At the previous close yesterday, the pound had been trading at $1.1894.  Meanwhile, the FTSE 100 stock index rose 1.12 percent following media reports of the Prime Minister's impending resignation. In bond markets, the 10-year U.K. government bond yield rose to hit 2.181. Downing confirmed that Mr Johnson would be addressing the country to announce his resignation later today. He is expected to make the announcement at 12pm.   Roger Jones, head of U.K. equities at London and Capital, said this is indicative of "some relief" in currency markets. Initially, he said, it was looking as if "this is not going to be long and drawn out with the prime minister refusing to go and ultimately causing a policy stalemate". James Bentley, Director of Financial Markets Online said the boost to the pound shows that "confidence has deserted the PM". He explained: "The rise in the value of the Pound is a back-handed compliment for the regime that will take the place of the Johnson Government.  "Confidence has deserted the PM and the market is implying that what comes next can only be better. "Sterling began to rise as soon as the Prime Minister indicated he would finally leave office but, as is so often the case, a little initial euphoria could give way to the more mundane, cold, hard realities of the current economic malaise, which could let a little air out of the balloon. "One such scenario would be if he’s allowed to cling on in the interim until the Conservative Party conference. "His critics would say he’s done enough damage already and there won’t be a person alive who thinks he retains that kind of ‘good leaver’ status.  "The benefit of the doubt resigned long ago, even if he didn’t." Mr Johnson's resignation came after he faced a wave of Government resignations and a revolt from his own cabinet, leaving him unable to govern. A total of 59 people announced their resignations, calling for Mr Johnson to step down. The chaos began after Chancellor Rishi Sunak and Health Secretary Sajid Javid announced their resignations two days ago.  The final straw came as Mr Johnson's new Education Secretary Michelle Donelan resigned just hours after being appointed, making her the eighth minister to resign this morning. In her resignation letter, Ms Donelan said: "Whilst I remain very worried about the prospect of no ministers in the Department as we approach results day - the impact on students is real - as you know, yesterday I pleaded with you to do the right thing and resign for the sake of our country and our Party, both are more important than any one person. "I see now way that you can continue in post, but without a formal mechanism to remove you it seems that the only way that this is possible is for those of us who remain in Cabinet to force your hand." She said Mr Johnson had put them in an "impossible situation", saying she is "deeply saddened that it has come to this".