Chelsea will not be re-signing Nathan Ake this summer after it was agreed he will stay at Manchester City. Reports claim the Dutch defender will be going nowhere and is 'pleased' to be remaining at the Etihad. Ake has been linked with a move back to Stamford Bridge for several weeks. It had been claimed personal terms were agreed for him to join Thomas Tuchel's side. However, Chelsea will now have to look elsewhere. The Athletic claims City were not keen on selling Ake in this window, seeing his versatility as a crucial part of Pep Guardiola's side. Chelsea were also not able to meet the Premier League champions' valuation of the player. A mutual decision has therefore been reached between City and Ake for him to stay at the club, which he is claimed to be happy with. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd agree fee, Chelsea eyeing two deals, Ronaldo offer  Ake joined City from Bournemouth in 2020 for a fee of £41million. He has not been able to earn a regular spot under Guardiola, making just 24 league appearances in two seasons. But his ability to play as a left centre-back and at left-back is attractive to many managers, including the current City boss. Ake still has three years remaining on his contract and is set to see out the next campaign at least. Chelsea are in the market for defenders following the exits of Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen at the end of their contracts. Cesar Azpilicueta is also subject to interest from Barcelona. Napoli star Kalidou Koulibaly is set to join the Blues for a fee of around £34m. Chelsea are also in talks to sign Paris Saint-Germain star Presnel Kimpembe. DON'T MISSArsenal given transfer boost as Man City already planning for Oleksandr Zinchenko exitFrenkie de Jong's rejected shirt number as Barcelona star nears Man Utd transferBarcelona dressing room reaction after Frenkie de Jong ‘tells them he’ll reject Man Utd’  Chelsea are under new ownership and made their first signing of the Todd Boehly era earlier this week, with Raheem Sterling joining for £45m. Tuchel's side finished third in the table last season and the German knows the challenge he has in front of him to close the gap on those above, and also fight off competition from the likes of Tottenham, Arsenal and Manchester United. Tuchel said: "The stakes are high and we're competing not only against the best teams who have ever played in the Premier League but also the best coaches. If you [then] see the transfer period and quality of coach at Tottenham, if you see the same at Arsenal, at Man Utd, we know what the challenge is. "It's the toughest challenge you can [have]. We come from sanctions, we come from losing top-quality players, key players, we are a club in transition, in transition of ownership, we were behind in the transfer race and we were behind in the table. So we have things to improve." 