Free prescriptions can help people with health costs, however, only certain people are eligible for support. This eligibility criteria is vital to understand, as even mistakes can cause issues later down the line. NHS England and the NHS Business Services Authority (NHSBA) has urged people to double check their entitlement for free prescriptions. Every year, an additional burden is placed on the NHS by those who claim free prescriptions and treatment they are not entitled to. As a result, a campaign has been launched to help people claim correctly. A failure to do so may mean individuals face hefty penalty charges. READ MORE: Retirement and me: Woman, 67, furious at state pension age changes The NHS carries out monthly randomised checks on prescription forms and dental treatment claim forms to check for fraud and error. The NHS website states: “If you claim free NHS prescriptions or NHS dental treatment when you're not entitled, you could face a £100 penalty charge. “Even if it's by mistake.” If an entitlement to free NHS prescriptions or dental treatment cannot be confirmed, individuals will get an enquiry letter. DON'T MISSThe £1,000 bonus for 'future prosperity' - climb the property ladder [EXCLUSIVE]Rishi Sunak’s ‘stealth tax’ slammed as millions pay more [ANALYSIS]Pensioners with arthritis or other conditions could get £4,000 boost [INSIGHT] A failure to respond to this letter means individuals could receive a Penalty Charge Notice. Thankfully, there is a way for Britons to check their entitlement to a free prescription to avoid unnecessary charges. The NHS has developed an eligibility checker which enables people to see if they could get help with costs. The service should take about three minutes to complete, and individuals will get a better picture of their circumstances from there. READ MORE: Tax cut takes place this month - will you be better off? Firstly, individuals will be asked about the country they live in, as well as the country their GP and dental surgery is in - England, Scotland, Northern Ireland or Wales. They will then need to provide personal details such as their date of birth, whether they are claiming benefits, and if they live alone or with a partner. Britons are then asked if they have any serious conditions such as diabetes, cancer, epilepsy or a continuing physical disability. Individuals are also asked if they have more than £16,000 in savings, investments or property. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea They are then given options as to whether they could get help to pay for their NHS costs. This is all dependent on a person’s individual circumstances, and they may need to investigate further. Most NHS treatment is free, however there is a charge for certain aspects. This includes prescriptions, dental check-ups and treatment, as well as sight tests, new glasses, and travel for NHS treatment.