Ackley Bridge is the Channel 4 school drama that is ready to return to the classroom for season five. It will be business as usual when the teenagers and teachers alike make a comeback to get through the second half of the school year with the aftermath of season four to contend with. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about watching Ackley Bridge. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Ackley Bridge. The Channel 4 series hasn't been seen since April 2021 but is now ready to return to the small screen. Ackley Bridge season five will air at the slightly later time of 10pm on Monday, July 11 on Channel 4. Much like its previous series, the fifth outing will be made up of 10 episodes. The good news is that viewers aren't going to have to wait very long for the entire season to be released. READ MORE: Celebrity MasterChef line-up: Who is competing in the 2022 series? Ackley Bridge will be airing two back-to-back episodes every night this week. The first eight are going to air from July 11, to Thursday, July 15, with two shown per night from 10pm. The final two episodes are then going to come out on Friday, July 16, at the later time of 11.05pm. There is no need to worry though if you cannot make any of these times. Ackley Bridge will be available to watch on Channel 4's streaming service All4. Once the episodes have been shown on Channel 4, they will be released on the free platform for fans to catch up on whenever they choose. The entire season five boxset will be ready once the finale has aired on July 16. When Ackley Bridge does return, it is going to continue some of its biggest storylines from season four. DON'T MISS...Sue Barker in tears as BBC plays stunning tribute 'She is Wimbledon'  [TRIBUTE]When is Ackley Bridge season 5 coming out? [RELEASE DATE]Ackley Bridge exit: The real reason why Jo Joyner left Ackley Bridge [EXIT] Series five will see the aftermath of Johnny (played by Ryan Dean), Kayla (Robyn Cara) and Fizza's (Yasmin Al-Khudhairi) love triangle. Fizza has had a long romantic history with Johnny but in series four, he started to develop feelings for her best friend Kayla and vice versa. He was ready to marry his fiancée Rose (Olivia Marie Fearn) when he chose to run away at the altar with Kayla. But what will this mean for Fizza and Kayla's friendship in the long run? The Channel 4 synopsis for season five reads: "Life gets complicated for Marina (Megan Morgan), Kayla’s popular Queen Bee sister, just as her younger brother Kyle (Adam Little), Ackley’s newest pupil and troublemaker, turns up at school, fresh out of juvie. "It’s been a year already jam-packed with love triangles, catfishing, compulsive liars and one utterly joyous (albeit failed) gypsy wedding. "But it’s not over until the last school bell rings and there’s still plenty of time before the sun breaks on the summer holidays…" Ackley Bridge season 5 premieres on Monday, July 11, at 10pm on Channel 4.