Scarlette Douglas is a familiar face to viewers as she regularly features on Channel 4 travel property programme A Place in the Sun. However, over the past year, Scarlette has teamed up with her brother Stuart Douglas by filming two new property programmes. The duo have already made their debut with George Clarke's Flipping Fast, and they are set to launch another makeover show called Worst House on the Street. As well as her current filming commitments, Scarlette is also working on another property programme called My Dream Derelict Home in the Sun. Speaking in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, the 32-year-old admitted her filming schedule has been "very difficult" over the past year. She went on to recall getting stuck abroad for two weeks because she contracted coronavirus. "In September 2020 I flew out to film A Place in the Sun and I was away for four months," the expert explained. READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes speaks out on ITV return 'Have to be an apology' "It was September through to December and I was filming both shows. "I was going from one [show] to another, doing six-hour drives by myself across France and Spain at nighttime in the fog, rain and glaring sunshine. "It was probably one of the hardest things I've ever done." The expert went on to explain that travelling abroad became more difficult because of the pandemic. "To kind of start-up last year, we couldn't really travel because of COVID-19 still and Brexit and all of that sort of stuff," she continued. " I don't think I got started again until March time, but then when I did start with that I had [to film] A Place in the Sun. "I also had My Dream Derelict Home in the Sun and Flipping Fast which started in April. "Then later on we got Love it or List it that we started filming in July, and in August I got stuck in Spain with COVID-19 for two weeks." DON'T MISS...Yellowstone season 5 theory: John’s governor status confirmed [THEORY]Antiques Roadshow expert stunned by 'explicit' WWI perfume bottle [VIDEO]Mick Jagger opens up on Keith Richards' real persona [INSIGHT] Scarlette added: "So I couldn't get back to do the shows and then we got commissioned for Worst House on the Street." The Channel presenter admitted that when she looked at how busy her work schedule was, she had a bit of a "meltdown". "When I looked at my diary for this year and at the end of last year I had a bit of a burnout," she admitted. "I had a bit of a meltdown. "I thought I don't know how I'm going do this, but by the grace of God and a lot of vitamins...a lot of water, it is kind of getting me through." Despite her hectic filming schedule, Scarlette admitted he is grateful for the opportunities she has and that she loves her job. She went on to speak about teaming up with her brother, Stuart for Flipping Fast and Worst House on the Street. Paying a tribute to Stuart for helping her through the busy work schedule, Scarlette added: “Stuart is keeping me going because he's always excited and happy. “And anytime I'm like, ‘I don't think I can do this,’ he just brings me back up. So, it's just kind of having the right people around you that can get you through." A Place in the Sun airs weekdays at 4pm on Channel 4.