Meghan Markle has incredible taste when it comes to jewellery; the Duchess of Sussex is known for delicate, pretty gold pieces. She is regulary seen stacking rings, and layering bracelets. Most recently, Meghan debuted a new ring on her fifth finger, and according to the brand, there is a meaning behind its design. When in the Netherlands for the Invictus Games back in April, Meghan debuted two new glittering diamond rings. She also wore the rings to the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations when in London. They were subtly on display when she interacted with some of the younger Royal Family members towards the back of the balcony during Trooping of the Colour. The diamond rings are from Shiffon Co - one of Meghan’s favourite jewellery brands. READ MORE: Meghan Markle 'entitled' to be called princess if Sussex taken One of the rings is the 1972 Tennis Pinky Ring. According to the website, the ring was designed and made “in honour of the 50th anniversary of Title IX, the landmark legislation that paved the way for women in sports”. “Shiffon’s 1972 Tennis Pinky Ring pays homage to the iconic Tennis Bracelet. “This diamonds all-around version of our signature pinky ring continues the mission of supporting women with 19.72 percent of profits going to our Women in Sports Investment fund. “This fund will invest in female funded companies in sports related verticals, including health and wellness.” DON'T MISS...‘Ideal’ time to eat dinner and lose weight during menopause [EXPERT]Keep herbs fresh for a month with clever storage hack [VIDEO]Twix announces new smaller chocolate bars to combat cost of living [NEWS] The ring is made in New York City by master craftsmen and is made to order “for your ring size”. It can be created in 18k gold or platinum, and Meghan’s ring is in the latter metal. As for how much it costs, the ring is £2,245.17 or $2,800, and there is currently a waiting list. Shilpa Yarlagadda started the fine jewellery company in 2017 from her Harvard dorm room. She commented on the Duchess wearing her rings: “When Meghan wore our ring, it was just such an amazing moment. READ MORE: Holly Willoughby's lemon dress on This Morning is now 20% off “I've always been super inspired by her,” she added referencing following some of Meghan’s career highlights - UN Women’s speech, and her role in Suits. Shilpa added: “Everything she does is with intention, thought and meaning behind the impact that she could have. “I know that when she's wearing a piece of jewellery, there's a lot of intention behind it. “We both care so much about empowering women and she's a fellow female founder with what she's built, too,” the designer told People about Meghan being a founder of Archewell Foundation. The 1972 Tennis Pinky Ring is a new version of the Duet Pinky Ring which Meghan also has in her jewellery box, and wore when she covered TIME magazine alongside Prince Harry. The Duet Pinky Ring is an adjustable ring that features a tiny diamond beside a larger one to represent one woman supporting another through a "pinky promise”. Shiffon donates half of its profits to fund female founders through its non-profit organisation, The Startup Girl Foundation. The company's diamonds and gems are also ethically sourced and follow conflict-free and socially responsible practices.