Across the UK, a sweltering heatwave has left Britons searching for ways to keep their homes cool without air conditioning. While you might usually open your window to let in fresh air, during the hot weather, experts say this might not have the desired effect. According to Chris Nye, overseas property expert at Your Overseas Home: "It might seem counterintuitive, but if the air outside is hotter than the air in your home, keeping your windows closed could help your home stay a little cooler." The NHS' George’s, Epsom and St Helier Hospitals Group added: “Keep windows closed when the room is cooler than outside, but open them at night when the temperatures have dropped.” Therefore, whether it is worth opening your windows or not depends on how warm it is outside compared to within the walls of your home. According to the Met Office: "For the first time temperatures of 40C have been forecast in the UK and the Met Office has issued the first ever Red warning for exceptional heat. READ MORE: How to keep a flat cool in hot weather - 7 tips to blast away the heat "Exceptional heat is expected to affect a large part of England on Monday and Tuesday, with temperatures likely in the high 30sC in some places and perhaps even exceeding 40C." As well as keeping windows closed during extremely high temperatures, Britons are also advised to keep their curtains or blinds shut. This can keep your home cool throughout the sunnier parts of the day. Mr Nye explained: "Much of the sunlight that enters your home through the windows turns into heat, so it’s a good idea to keep your curtains and blinds closed, at least during the hottest times of the day. READ MORE: Is it best to keep windows closed in hot weather? "You may even want to opt for blackout curtains to keep windows covered and block the sunlight out completely." Further to this advice, the NHS recommends keeping sun-facing rooms as shaded as possible. Britons are advised to drink plenty of fluids and avoid excess alcohol. The health service added: "If you have concerns about an uncomfortably hot house that's affecting your health or someone else's, get medical advice." Once night falls, you can then open the windows in your home. As the air should be cooler at this time, it should help get fresh air circulating in the property and bring down the internal temperature. DON'T MISSInside the gorgeous country home of Amanda Owen [REVEALED]Easy ways to clean stubborn stains from grout without bleach [EXPLAINER]Duchess of Cornwall's trick to make cut flowers last [INTERVIEW] Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea A fan is one of the cheapest ways to cool down your home without air conditioning. However, they will only circulate cool air if there is cool air available. That means if the air in your home heats up, your fan will end up circulating warm air. Placing a fan in an open window is a beneficial method to bring down the temperature, and can work particularly well throughout the night. Although it may be tempting to position it at face level, keeping your fan near to the ground will help circulate air around the rest of th