Rosie is best known for playing Gabby Thomas on Emmerdale, the daughter of Bernice Blackstock (played by Samantha Giles) and the late Ashley Thomas (John Middleton). The actress was first cast in the role in 2016, taking over the part from Annelise Manojlovic who had played the character for 14 years. Despite being a part of the ITV soap for six years, the actress doesn't seem to have aged a day but viewers might be surprised to learn she's not as old as they might think. With a baby son and adopting a Kim Tate (Claire King) personality, viewers would be forgiven for thinking the character of Gabby was a lot older. In fact, Rosie plays a character who is 20 years old, having been born on December 25, 2001, but she acts as if she has years on her. Though with Rosie having been born on July 29, 2001, she will celebrate her 21st birthday next week. She is older than her alter-ego by several months but there is not a huge age difference between the pair, which means Rosie doesn't have to act older than she is. Last year, the soap star marked the occasion by having some drinks with her friends, according to her post on Instagram. READ MORE: EastEnders theory: Kat Slater furious as unwanted guest crashes party Taking to the social media platform, the young woman dressed in a red dress and had a glass of gin in her hand to celebrate her big day. The actress simply captioned the image, "20!!!" but at the moment, there is no indication of how she is set to mark her 21st. Rosie's first breakthrough role in the industry was with playing the character of Gabby, a character she has been playing since she was 14 years old. For this reason, viewers have watched her grow up on-screen but her desire to become an actress started at a much younger age. In 2013, when she was 11 years old, Rosie joined The Television Workshop and this is where she starred in a number of plays. Producers contacted the acting agency when they were casting for a new version of Gabby, someone who would take on more mature storylines as the character. Rosie had to take part in four callbacks before she eventually got the part on Emmerdale and she made her debut in January 2016. She has since appeared in various other programmes as herself on the CBBC network, the children's channel for the BBC. The actress has taken part in shows such as Crackerjack in January 2020 and Saturday Mash Up in October 2021. However, she has no other credits to her name and it seems she is planning on sticking around in Emmerdale for a while yet. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Michelle Hardwick expecting second baby with wife [COMMENT] 'My love!' Emmerdale's Isabel Hodgins at brunch with co-star [COMMENT]Liam Fox married to Hollyoaks star before old girlfriend reunion [ANALYSIS] Rosie has often spoken about her childhood, having been raised by her mother, Marianne Bentham, and her father, John Bentham. Discussing what it was like growing up and her earliest memory, Rosie said: "Being in my household – it was always so loud! "I’m the youngest of four [children] and each of us would have several hobbies, so there was always someone going somewhere. "It was just so hectic and, as the little one, a great place to be," she explained. At the age of 18, Rosie lost her father John as he died of a pulmonary embolism just a month after her milestone birthday. The actress has said it was the worst pain she has ever felt losing her father but she has continued to make him proud with her role as Gabby. Discussing her greatest achievements in life to date, Rosie said: "To work in the industry like I am. "It’s so hard to get into it and I know so many people who have tried to get to the same place. I feel really lucky." She also discussed the best and worst qualities she has developed as she has grown older, with the actress stating: "I’m a huge overthinker. "I analyse every situation and I worry about people’s judgements. My best is that I’m quite a good person to come and talk to." "I try to understand people and give good advice," the actress continued to explain in a question-and-answer interview with The Sun. The actress is currently taking centre stage in a storyline involving her character's young son, Thomas Tate (Bertie Brotherton). Whilst under the care of Amelia Spencer (Daisy Campbell), the youngster was dropped on his head and rushed to the hospital. Gabby is expecting a visit from social services to assess her role as a mother but it seems she is eager to get revenge on Amelia. As she plans to evict the young woman and her family from their home, will Gabby stop there with her crusade to destroy Amelia's life? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.