Prince Harry has reportedly finished his highly-anticipated memoir, with the final manuscript said to have been already signed off by lawyers. Publisher Penguin Random House is aiming for the book to be out in time for Christmas when it could be marketed as a gift. It had previously been said that the autobiography would be released in autumn, but it was delayed for reasons that remain unknown. According to The Sun, ghostwriter JR Moehringer finished the manuscript in recent weeks. The reports come soon after Harry and his wife Meghan Markle made headlines as the focus of another tell-all book. Investigative journalist Tom Bower’s unauthorised biography of the couple hit shelves last week. ‘Revenge: Meghan, Harry and the war between the Windsors’ chronicles the breakdown of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex’s relationship with the Royal Family. READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Prince Harry 'will not visit Queen at Balmoral' despite 'being invited' Mr Bower claims Meghan also faced trouble with the prince’s friends; in the book he claimed that a weekend shoot at Sandringham saw Harry introduce his then-girlfriend to his old friends, most of whom had gone to Eton College with the prince. The author claimed that the Duchess “reprimanded” people “time and time again” about the “inappropriate” jokes that “ricocheted around the living-rooms and dining-rooms.” Mr Bower went on to claim Harry’s friends thought Meghan was a “dampener” on the party and “lacked any sense of humour.” And other royal authors have claimed that Harry faced earlier issues with those close to him over his relationship with Meghan. Omid Scobie and Carolyn Durand claimed that Harry had “fallouts within his own circle” over his new relationship with the former Hollywood actress. In their 2020 book ‘Finding Freedom’, Mr Scobie and Ms Durand wrote: “When he first started seeing her, Harry, sensitive to even the slightest hint of prejudice, had fallouts within his own circle. “When some questioned his new relationship, and whether she was suitable, he would wonder: ‘Is this about race? Is it snobbery?’ “An old friend of Harry’s spent an afternoon gossiping about Meghan, making disparaging remarks about her Hollywood background. “Word got back to Harry, and the prince immediately cut him off.” Meghan and Harry started dating in July 2016 having been set up on a blind date by a mutual friend. Having clicked immediately, the pair embarked on a whirlwind courtship throughout the summer. After a few months of dating in secret, Meghan and Harry’s romance became public knowledge after The Sunday Express reported that the former prince was dating American actress, philanthropist and blogger Meghan. By November 2017, Meghan and Harry were engaged, and in May 2018, the world watched the new royal couple make it official in a spectacular wedding ceremony at St George’s Chapel in Windsor. DON'T MISS: Queen has NEVER lived in most important home due to Princess Beatrice [REVEAL] 'Arrogance and hubris is staggering' Meghan savaged over move to US [REACTION] Queen could 'intervene' to ensure Harry and Meghan visit Balmoral [INSIGHT] According to the ‘Finding Freedom’ authors, a number of his old friends "didn't make the cut" for his and Meghan's evening wedding reception, namely the prince’s Eton chum Tom Inskip who reportedly told friends "Meghan has changed Harry too much" and concluded that "we've lost him". Writing in the book, Mr Scobie and Ms Durand said: "Notably absent were Skippy, Harry's old friend, who had questioned the prince's relationship with Meghan, and his wife, Lara. "They were invited to the wedding ceremony and lunchtime reception but didn't make the cut for the evening bash.” The authors added: "Many of Harry's old friends said that the evening guest list was the prince and his bride's way of saying: 'These are the people we want in our lives moving forward.'" Less than two years after the wedding, Meghan and Harry stepped down from their senior positions within the Firm. They relocated to the US and the couple now reside in California with their two children — three-year-old Archie and one-year-old Lilibet. The family of four returned to the UK for the first time last month for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. However, the Sussexes’ visit was brief as they reportedly jetted back to the US before the celebrations came to a close. And according to Heat magazine, Harry and Meghan did not get time to see any of the prince’s old friends. A source told the magazine at the time: "A number of his old friends had called him up and tried to arrange dinner parties and visits to his favourite old haunts, plus double dates, and even fun day trips with their respective families, since many of these guys have, like Harry, now got kids of their own." However, Meghan "didn't bite and wanted them out of England as quickly as possible." Seeing Princess Eugenie and "a few selected acquaintances" was reportedly enough for her. ‘Finding Freedom’ was written by Omid Scobie and Carolyn Durand and published by HQ in 2020. You can buy it here. 'Revenge: Meghan, Harry and the war between the Windsors' was written by Tom Bower and published by Blink Publishing in July 2022. You can buy it here.