Coronation Street Speed Daal manager Yasmeen (played by Shelley King) took Stu (Bill Fellows) in with open arms after offering him a job at her restaurant. However, a lot isn't known about the former homeless man, but his secrets could start to become exposed. In a new theory, Yasmeen could set out to find the truth about his mysterious daughter but encounter some dark secrets along the way. Stu recently revealed to Yasmeen that he has a daughter he hasn't seen for over 15 years but has continued to send her presents. In previous scenes, he became downcast when a parcel was returned from the new owners of the address he had for his daughter. Stu thought that this was the end of his efforts as he now had no way to get in contact with his estranged daughter. In upcoming scenes, Zeedan Nazir (Qasim Akhtar) takes a call from a friend who is inviting him to Athens for a week. READ MORE: James Martin hits back at viewers as he licks fingers during demo Stu offers to cover for him and reveals that he has his own happy memories of Athens, but after his drunken episode, can he be trusted to cover for Zeedan? When Stu enthuses about the family holidays he had in Athens, Yasmeen implores him not to give up on his daughter but to try and track her down. Worried about Stu and how he is coping with not knowing where his daughter is, Yasmeen, confides in Zeedan. She reveals that she has taken it upon herself to try and trace Stu's daughter in order for him to reconnect with her. However, will Yasmeen find out some truths that make her see Stu in a different light? Will his daughter return to air his past, leaving him to lose everything he has built with Yasmeen? Actor Bill Fellows recently opened up to Metro.co.uk about the character's development from his first scenes back in 2021. Touching on how Stu felt when he received the parcel back, Bill explained: "That's a real blow to him actually. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Tracy Barlow sabotages Wendy and Ken [INSIGHT]Coronation Street theory: Jenny Connor's long-lost sister arrives  [LATEST]Coronation Street theory: Kelly kills Maria to devastate Gary [WATCH] "It's quite complicated because he's been sending presents to her for the last however many years, but never got a thank you or anything. "He just has a hope and belief that she must have got it. So, when it's finally sent back, he knows she hasn't got the present, and she's moved on, and he hasn't got an address for her. "I think that really crushes him. It makes him turn to the drink for a little bit, and it really hurts which is strange because you think you haven't got a reply from your daughter for 15 years. "But he had that hope, and the hope has been completely dashed by an innocent family just returning a present. So something as simple as that has got to him badly. "I think he's very tempted to give up, but with help from Yasmeen, we talk about our family values, and he doesn't quite give up. "It's a very big thing for him, his daughter. Even though he's left it for a long time, it's there. In the story, it becomes quite a big thing." Yasmeen has become determined to help Stu over ever since they met and has allowed him to find his way within Speed Daal by himself. Will a dark secret from his past break her positive judgement of Stu and her kind heart? Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8pm on ITV.