Coronation Street's Imran Habeeb (played by Charlie De Melo) died after suffering a heart attack last month. His wife, Toyah Battersby (Georgia Taylor), intentionally crashed their car into a building cased with scaffolding after finding out he had faked his court statement, which gave them custody of his son. Despite Imran escaping through the wreckage and pulling Toyah from the crash, he shortly collapsed and soon died, leaving the police to investigate the incident. However, fans of Weatherfield feel they have "worked out" that Imran is still alive and has fled the country with a fake passport. Viewers never saw Imran's dead body and were told of the tragic news through a police officer talking to Toyah about the incident. The investigation is ongoing, but Toyah has since been charged with his murder, with custody of Alfie going back to Abi Franklin (Sally Carman) in a foster placement scheme, and her hopes of adopting Elsie are ruined once again. Coronation Street fans recently took to their Reddit accounts to discuss the incident, with many theorising where Imran could be. @joininsd started a feed which was titled: "Soap twist: Imran faked it" and then continued: "Poor Imran. He was a terrible barrister, losing Kelly Neelan's (Millie Gibson) trial. Lost his first wife, Sabeen Habeeb (Zora Bishop). READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Robert Sugden's return sealed in Victoria twist "Cheated on his new woman. Impregnated his fling. Lost Elsie, the first foster baby. Cheated in court to get custody of Alfie. "Was facing possible sanctions/disbarment for lying in court. Was facing years of dirty nappies and a sometimes psychotic Toyah, who then tried to kill him. "What if in those minutes after the crash, he realised there's no way he wants to move forward in this life, so he fakes the heart attack? "Offers the paramedic 20,000 quid to magically not find a pulse? Switches toe tags at the morgue. "Meanwhile, Imran's on a plane with a new passport from Abi's forging friend. She's happy to help because his 'death' means she'll likely get Alfie and no shared custody. "Well played, Imran," they concluded. Other Reddit users jumped into their comment sections and praised the wild theory, with @corickle writing: "You should be a writer for Corrie. "Honestly, some of the storylines are so boring that you could make a huge improvement." @homegirl91 echoed: "This would be so good!" (sic) DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Abi Franklin loses baby Alfie for good [LATEST]Coronation Street theory: Stephen Reid set to take over Underworld [INSIGHT]Coronation Street’s Jennie McAlpine's complaints over wedding scene [WATCH] However, fans of the character will know Charlie has already stated his death was "inevitable" for the storyline. In an interview with Express.co.uk and other press before the scenes aired, Charlie explained: "It wasn't an easy decision but then also just in terms of the story itself, there really was no other option for Imran. "It was between he could just turn and walk, but then that disregards all of this fight he has had for his son. "He could leave and take his son with him, but then you're left with another childless Abi. You could leave with Abi, but obviously, Sally Carman isn't going anywhere. "And so the only other option really was to bump him off and being told in a matter-of-fact way of what the story needs, I was like 'well that's that then'. "It's additive to what the next story is, it is the end of something for me, but it is the next something for Georgia, Sally and Mike Le Vell." Charlie has recently announced his first acting role since stepping away from the ITV soap, confirming his role in Alan Bennett's play The Clothes They Stood Up In at the Nottingham Playhouse. Announcing the news, he revealed: "When I first announced to my (utterly bewildered) parents, about 1000 years ago, that I wanted to make a try at being an actor, my Mum (presumably after the shock and disappointment had worn off) gave me three provisos, if this was the path I wished for myself. “Three things she wanted for my life and career. Very pleased to say that, as of today, I've ticked the second off that list. "This theatre, with this material, with this combination of people involved. I can't wait to get started.” Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays from 8pm on ITV.