One of the most common ways for a business, or individuals, to be compromised is through phishing emails. These emails pretend to be someone you know or a trusted organisation but contain viruses that help hackers break into devices. Although many phishing emails are easy to spot or go straight to the spam box, they are becoming more and more complex - using personal details like where someone went on holiday recently to trick victims, according to an ethical hacker. Rob Shapland, who breaks into accounts in order to expose weaknesses and secure more robust fortification, warns that his success rate for breaking into businesses is near-perfect. Ethical hacker Mr Shapland heads up Falanx Cyber who are paid to find weak spots. Out of approximately 200 hacks, he says he has only gotten caught three or four times. The most common way to hack is through an infected email - which is relatively easy for a hacker, according to Mr Shapland. He said: "The normal method is over the internet, usually through phishing attacks. You can come up with a myriad of ideas of how you would break into a company.” He added: “If I want to break in through an email, I'll go on social media. So I'll start on LinkedIn. Search for the company's name which brings up all of their employees. "I then start searching for those people on Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, and then look up, for example, somewhere one of the employees has been on holiday recently, because there's a photo of the hotel they stayed in.  “Then just Google the name of that hotel, send them an email that looks like it's come from the hotel they stayed in. So I'll use a similar looking email address, I'll use the logos and stuff that the hotel uses and say, perhaps, the person left valuables behind a room.”  Mr Shapland then sends an email with a “picture” of the valuables or other attachment, however within the attachment is something more devious. Customising the email makes it all the more likely that someone will open it. He added: “When they open that attachment, I have access to their laptop, and if it's a work laptop, the work network directly from there. “A little bit of research on social media massively increases the chances that they'll interact with that email and decreases the chances that they will report it to anyone. It's just not suspicious.” This method can be used to attack businesses and personal computers and give hackers access to trade secrets or even accounts and passwords. Hackers could even use social media to find out which football team a victim supports and then use that information to target them, according to Mr Shapland. He said: "Another [method] would be using social media to find out what football team they support, then emailing them and making it look like it’s from the club inviting them to come to a special meet and greet on match day for being such a loyal fan."   READ MORE: Meghan Markle apparently thrilled to be 'cleared' in Palace probe Mr Shapland says small to medium sized British businesses are most at risk, however with a rise in scamming, particularly phishing attacks, during the pandemic, personal computers and accounts could be vulnerable as well. Mr Shapland says some simple steps can protect people from phishing attacks. First of all, having long and strong passwords for accounts is a must. Having two-factor authentication set up on your accounts is also helpful. Two-factor authentication sends a message, usually in a text or in an app, when a device tries to log in to an account. If someone tried to log into a customer's bank account, for example, a message would be sent to their mobile device which would not allow the login unless it was approved. Knowing what to look for can also help people avoid being scammed. Mr Shapland says the messages will play on emotion and attempt to make people feel "angry", "fearful" or even "curious". He says messages like "have you seen these photos" or "someone has accessed your account" should always be suspect. The messages will also seem urgent with action needed to be taken immediately. Mr Shapland warned that attached links can appear very similar to legitimate websites.   DON'T MISS:Zelensky's heroes shoot down Russian Kalibr missiles [REPORT]Newsnight: Grant Shapps ‘great choice’ to replace Boris [ANALYSIS]Woman committed astonishing 33 speeding offences in just three months [INSIGHT] For example, instead of @paypal.co.uk it’s @paypal-billing.co.uk - the first link is a legitimate website while the second could be a trap.  He also said training for staff at businesses was essential, particularly how to spot attacks and the knowledge of how they work. He said: “Training is really important so staff know what to look for - so they know what attacks look like and how they work. There are some software things that help as well.” He added that there was no “silver bullet” to defend against attacks but taking simple precautions could significantly help. 