Alexander Bastrykin, who chairs Russia's investigative committee, announced 92 Ukrainian armed forces personnel had been charged with crimes against humanity. He also told the Moscow-backed news site Rossiiskaya Gazeta that around 1,300 investigations had already been launched. Mr Bastrykin claimed some 96 people, including 51 armed forces commanders, are also wanted. However, Kyiv is also conducting its own investigation into war crimes allegedly committed by Russia. Some 21,000 cases purportedly committed by Russian forces since February have allegedly been examined. The International Criminal Court has also sent a team of investigators and forensic experts. JUST IN: 'Not a safari park' Beijing warns South China Sea is not 'fighting arena' for major powers The ICC has also suggested Ukraine should be treated as a "crime scene". However, the Kremlin has rejected the claims made against it. Mr Bastrykin went on to accuse the West of openly sponsoring "Ukrainian nationalism". This also means the prospect of an UN-backed trial "is extremely doubtful". READ MORE: 'Confirmed commitment!' Russia turns to Africa amid concerns over Ukrainian grain exports Despite investigations being underway, the war in Ukraine continues to cause destruction. A recent UK Ministry of Defence intelligence update said: "In the Donbas, small-scale Russian offensive action remains focused on the Bakhmut axis, but it is making minimal progress. "On 20 July 2022, Russian foreign minister Sergei Lavrov said that Russia had expanded the scope of its ‘special military operation’ beyond the self-declared Luhansk and Donetsk People’s Republics. "Lavrov claimed that the operation now included new additional areas, including the Ukrainian regions of Kherson and Zaporizhzhia, as a result of Western countries supplying longer range weapons to Ukraine. DON'T MISS:  Chechen rebels prepare to topple key Putin ally as civil war looms [REVEALED] Putin has 'no chance' of Ukraine win - War 'last step' for despot [INSIGHT] Putin humiliated: Russian troops flee tanks after Ukraine strike [SPOTLIGHT] "This is almost certainly not true. Russia has not ‘expanded’ its war; maintaining long-term control of these areas was almost certainly an original goal of the invasion. "Russia invaded these areas in February and the occupation authorities have been publicly discussing the prospects for legal independent referendums since at least mid-March. "There is a realistic possibility that Lavrov made the comments to pave the way for referenda to take place in occupied territories beyond Luhansk and Donetsk."