The new rule, which came into effect on March 1, states that caravans must be a year 2000 model or newer. Holidaymakers with vehicles over the age limit risk being removed from caravan parks as they no longer meet the safety requirements. The caravan owner, who does not wish to be named, is "shocked" by the treatment he has received at Kingsley Holiday Park in Abergele, north Wales. Kingsley Holiday Park is owned by Lyons Holiday Parks who said the new rule is common across the industry. The man claims he has no option but to leave the caravan park next month despite "pleading" with the owners to let him stay, reports North Wales Live. The loyal customer of seven years said he had been left with no realistic option but to leave the site as he cannot afford to upgrade during the cost of living crisis. He said: "The only option Lyons have offered me is to upgrade to one of their caravans costing £41,000 - which I can't afford." The owner claims he signed an agreement with former owners Abbeyfields which stated his caravan could stay on the site, as long as it was well-maintained. However, he has since been informed that when the site was bought by Lyons in 2019, this agreement became invalid. He continued: "I've tried everything, I've emailed them, I've pleaded, I've practically got on my hands and knees but they're just not interested. "I want to make people aware of the treatment people are facing with owning a caravan on Lyons parks because I'm now having to give up my much-loved caravan where I've had so many happy memories. "I suffer from depression and anxiety and I'm registered blind and this is my haven that I come to, to relax. "I just can't believe there's no other option and that I will be forced off the site and will no longer have somewhere to escape to with my health conditions." The devastated owner said he is not the only one impacted by the rule change which has seen others forced to sell-up because the cost of living crisis has made it "impossible" to afford an upgrade. He added: "Some people are having to hand their keys over because they've got no choice, even people with finance payments are struggling." A spokesperson for the site said: "Lyons Holiday Parks incorporated Kingsley Holiday Park in Abergele into the group in 2019, meaning the park in question is now subject to the same rules and regulations as all of our 13 holiday parks in North Wales and Cumbria. "The 20 year ‘age limit’ is a widely acknowledged condition of many, many holiday parks not just in the region but nationwide. "Its purpose is to protect the wellbeing of our team, guests, and holiday homeowners by ensuring all infrastructures on-site are up to standard and are subject to essential modernisations and health and safety adaptations. "This clause has been present in the agreements between millions of holiday home owners and their parks for decades, and is common practice in the industry. "Additionally, we take great pride in the aesthetic elements of our parks which are in-keeping with our fantastic locations, as well as the holiday homes that occupy them." The spokesperson said the company has a duty to continually improve its parks which are located in "some of the most tourist-dense regions in the UK." The spokesperson continued: "We pride ourselves on offering affordable family holidays, therefore we’re saddened to hear about the impact this is having on the owner in question. "However, we offer plenty of finance packages and a wide range of both brand new and used holiday homes with more affordable prices, therefore we welcome the individual in question to pop in to our receptions in Towyn and chat to a friendly member of our team."