Nick Kyrgios, 27, is playing in his first Wimbledon quarter-final since 2014 this afternoon as he takes on Cristian Garín, their match shown live on BBC One. The Australian sealed his place in the last eight with victory over Brandon Nakashima on Monday. A win for Kyrgios this afternoon would propel him into the first Grand Slam singles semi-final of his career. After winning his five-set epic against Nakashima, the Australian said: “I need a glass of wine tonight, that's for sure.” At a previous edition of the championships, Kyrgios was spotted having a drink in Wimbledon’s Dog & Fox pub, a short walk from the All England Club. The Australian was in the local watering hole until at least 10pm, the evening before his loss to Rafael Nadal in second round of the 2019 championships. After the match the tennis ace hit out at a journalist who asked him about his boozy night, claiming he had a “boring life”. During the post-match press conference, a reporter from The Times asked: “Do you regret going to the pub last night? “Do you think you could have played a bit better if you hadn’t?” JUST IN: Pippa and Carole Middleton snubbed after being rejected for Wimbledon VIP seats Kyrgios quickly replied: “No. You looked way too excited asking that question.” He added: “You must have a real boring life.” The tennis ace admitted he was sluggish during the opening stages of the match but also praised his Spanish opponent. He said: “I thought I started a little slow. But he played really well today, and I knew his game plan.” He added that he figured out Nadal’s tactics “pretty quickly” and said it was a “high-level match”. The night before his showdown with the then-world number two, Kyrgios enjoyed an evening of social interaction. The tennis ace was seen chatting to other punters and was pictured kissing a woman on the cheek. Tennis journalist Miguel Seabra kept track of the Australian’s movements during the boozy night out. On Twitter, he wrote: “I just had a toast with Nick Kyrgios at the Dog & Fox. “He is completely relaxed, laughing with friends, chatting with girls, drinking. DON'T MISS: Novak Djokovic's bitter family feud with Roger Federer: 'Not a good man' [LATEST]'Who’s going to turn that down?' Christopher Walken's odd lion tamer career before acting [INSIGHT]Björn Borg’s rage in feud with John McEnroe stunned American: ‘I was totally shocked’ [ANALYSIS] “‘I love the Estoril Open’, he told me. Quite an unorthodox preparation for tomorrow’s blockbuster, uh? I like it.” In a later tweet, at around 2am, he added: “I must add that Nick left the Dog & Fox like two hours before me. Which means he didn’t stay until late at all. “I reckon he‘ll be ready for tomorrow’s blockbuster, just like Rafa will. Each in their own way. Can’t wait to see that match.” At the current championships, Kyrgios is in the same half of the draw as Nadal, potentially setting up a replay of 2019 for the pair if they both make it through to the semi-finals. The Australian first played the Spaniard at the championships back in 2014. Then a teenage wildcard, Kyrgios overturned Nadal in the fourth round with a stunning four-set victory. After his win over Nakashima on Monday, he reflected on some of his previous wild behaviour, including being “pulled from a pub” at 4am before a match against Nadal. Reflecting on their encounter, Kyrgios told reporters: “There was a time where I was having to be forced out of a pub at 4am to play Nadal in the second round. “My agent had to come get me out of a pub at 4am before I played my match on Centre Court at Wimbledon. I’ve come a long way, that’s for sure.” Coverage of Kyrgios vs Garín will be shown live on BBC One this afternoon.