Cristiano Ronaldo's preferred destinations have come to light as he searches for a way out of Manchester United this summer. United could lose their 2021/22 Player of the Season amid his reluctance to sacrifice Champions League football to honour the second year of his contract. Ronaldo has informed the Red Devils of his desire to leave, and The Athletic report Chelsea are among those considering an illustrious move for his signature. ESPN also claim the club are open to his departure, accepting that offloading him would help accelerate Erik ten Hag's mammoth rebuild. Ronaldo's exit would free up in excess of £25million annually in wages and allow Ten Hag to recruit a striker he is confident would suit the play style he intends to implement at Old Trafford. Bayern Munich and Napoli are understood to be two clubs joining Chelsea's interest in adding him to their ranks ahead of the 2022/23 campaign. And the Independent claim Bayern and Chelsea are Ronaldo's preferred destinations as he vyes to continue his almighty legacy. Paris Saint-Germain are also noted as a destination that would interest the 37-year-old striker, but the Ligue 1 club pursuing him is considered unlikely. JUST IN: Eriksen leaves Brentford in the dark despite 'agreeing' Man Utd deal While they would likely sanction Ronaldo's exit if a suitable offer arrived, United could block any potential intra-Premier League switch to Chelsea. The Red Devils view Chelsea as direct rivals next season, with Ten Hag challenged to guide the club back into the Champions League through a top-four finish. It's unlikely the Portuguese icon would be allowed to join any other Premier League club whilst he's still under contract at Old Trafford. The stance is likely to open the door for Bayern to swoop for Ronaldo, potentially as a replacement for Robert Lewandowski, who is pushing to join Barcelona. READ MORE: Leeds identify Phillips replacement as 'talks open' with Leipzig star Ronaldo could be one of several departures from United in Ten Hag's first transfer window as manager. Lee Grant, Nemanja Matic, Jesse Lingard, Juan Mata and Edinson Cavani left as free agents on July 1, while Dean Henderson has joined Nottingham Forest on a season-long loan. United are also open to offers for Aaron Wan-Bissaka, Eric Bailly, Phil Jones, Axel Tuanzebe, Alex Telles, Brandon Williams, Andreas Pereira and Anthony Martial. Regardless of other outgoings, with Cavani already out the exit door, Ronaldo leaving United too would intensify the need to provide Ten Hag with a new striker in his first season in the hot seat.