As CarFest North celebrates its 11th year, the UK’s largest family fundraising festival gears up for another lineup of iconic cars and musical legends. The Kwik Fit-Michelin Track Show will have over 120 cars from the past, present and future, while the cinch site will give festival-goers to try out state-of-the-art Teslas and sporty Minis. Martin Clarke, Content Director, Cars at CarFest, praised the cars on offer over the weekend, saying guests will definitely get their fix of the best cars around. Speaking to Express.co.uk about what cars are on show this weekend, he said: “I can’t help but have favourites – and never just one. “This year we have a brace of Corvettes, old and new - a 1957 C1, the original ‘Little Red Corvette’, together with the brand new and first ever factory right-hand drive 2022 Corvette C8. “What a fantastic pair! READ MORE: Simple way drivers can save money on fuel by adjusting their windows “Plus, you can’t ignore the sound of a great internal combustion engine and we have a few ground-shakers in the mix as well, like a 1988 Arrows A10 Formula 1 car that has to be heard to be believed. “Don’t worry, if you’re here you’ll hear it.” The 1957 Corvette C1 comes with an American-built V8 engine, with TV legend Jay Leno describing it as one of his favourite cars. For the first time since the 1953 model of the C1, Chevrolet has offered their Corvettes in right-hand drive. DON'T MISS'Only a matter of time' before diesel vehicles are 'prohibited' [SHOCKING]Drivers urged to follow little-known ventilation trick to cool cars [INSIGHT]Drivers warned of road chaos as fuel protests set to hit the UK today [WARNING] The C8 is the only RHD vehicle to be assembled in the factory rather than converted from left-hand drive. Also on display will be a 1936 ½ Ton Chevy Pick-up with a blown 7.6 litre V8 taller than its roof. He added: “We’ve got a little of everything from old school heroes to modern drift masters, track stars to odd-balls, rally legends to bouncing low-riders. “Petrolheads can expect special and outrageous vehicles – up and down the paddock. “Oh, and around two dozen supercars for good measure.” There will also be a range of car clubs at both CarFest North and South, all showcasing their collections of amazing vehicles. Guests will be able to admire unique cars from the Deux Chevaux Club Of Great Britain, the Figaro Owners Club, and much more. Speaking about the festival, Mr Clarke said CarFest had gone all-out to top the celebrations in 2021. They are putting on seven festivals in one and will have something exciting for everyone attending. Throughout the festival, there will be over 100 cars from across the ages taking part in nine shows on the track. Mr Clarke said it was a “genuinely special event” and that the weekend would be “epic”. CarFest North will take place at Bolesworth Estate in Cheshire this weekend (July 22-24), with Hampshire playing host to CarFest South between August 26 and 28.