Tom Bower appeared on Thursday’s instalment of ITV’s Lorraine to speak about his bombshell biography on the Duke and Duchess of Sussex. When speaking to host Christine Lampard, who is currently hosting the show, he claimed Meghan Markle wanted to appear on Strictly Come Dancing.  The author was on the ITV show to speak about his newly released biography called Revenge: Meghan, Harry and the war between The Windsors. Although Meghan, 40, was best known for playing Rachel Zane in Suits before marrying Prince Harry, there was once a time she could have appeared in a very popular British TV show. Introducing the topic, Christine said: “To think her life could have taken a very sequin fuelled turn because you suggest that she could have appeared on Strictly Come Dancing?” Giving clarity on the subject, Bower replied: “Well absolutely!”   He continued: “She came to England looking for work, for fame and also a boyfriend, as she was always obsessed with finding an English boyfriend. “The man who introduced her to Strictly Come Dancing was a bit disappointed she didn’t get the job. “She wanted it and he wanted it, but it sort of didn’t work out.” Elsewhere in the interview, the host was curious to find out what Tom’s thoughts were surrounding the ongoing drama between Meghan and the Royal Family.   Tom admitted he thinks the relationship between the Duchess and the Windsors is “very toxic”. He said: “I think they do their best, Prince Charles and The Queen, to keep it cool but it’s just impossible, especially with Harry’s memoir about to come out. “Ever since Meghan left Britain and did the Oprah Winfrey interview it’s been really poisonous.” Tom explained he sees himself as a monarchist but didn’t have much interest in Meghan until she spoke to Oprah last year.   He said: “I thought that that was such a disgrace, I thought she behaved so badly and so did Harry. “I wanted to know what happened before, what was her life about that would lead her into that interview where she said so many things that were...damaging.” Christine mentioned there are many people who are saying his book could be seen as biased as the 80 people he spoke to for research have a negative view on the Duchess. However, Tom quashed those theories as he claimed the book is balanced by also highlighting Meghan’s good qualities.    He said: “I do my very best to balance it, there’s a lot of good things about Meghan in there. “She’s ambitious, she’s good looking, she’s determined, she succeeded in getting a good script with Suits. “She succeeded in getting a man that built her up, which is what she was looking for all along.” Lorraine airs weekdays on ITV at 9am.  