Endeavour is set to come to an end following a successful nine seasons of the ITV detective drama. Ahead of the series finale, actor Roger Allum, who portrays Fred Thursday opened up about his character's fate. He hinted that "it can't end well" for the quick-witted detective. Endeavour is the prequel of the highly acclaimed Inspector Morse series, which followed a young Endeavour Morse (played by Shaun Evans) at the start of his career. In a recent interview with Masterpiece, Fred actor Roger hinted at a grizzly ending for his character. He said: "There’s a whole other rightly beloved TV series that starts in the future where, indeed, Thursday is never mentioned. "So I don’t think it can end well. But I don’t know how it does end. I don’t know." READ MORE: Harry and Meghan 'not showing love' claims royal author Levin When asked about filming for the final season, the actor revealed: "I’d never done a really long-running series like this before, and indeed I was very resistant to doing it, and never signed up at the beginning for years and years and years. "I think I signed up for two years and then we just took it year by year. "What I was looking forward to about going back and what one looks forward to, hugely, is just seeing everyone and doing scenes with them and acting with them, and it becomes strangely “easy” is the wrong word. "It becomes in its way full of ease. But it’s also very satisfying because, for me, I’ve never known a character this well, because it’s been such a long time."  Roger recently shared his thoughts on the final season with RadioTimes. He stated: “We're going to try and provide a satisfying and satisfactory emotional reason why John Thaw's Morse never mentions a man called Fred Thursday. “I hope that's satisfying for fans. There have been times in the past over a series where they seem to have gone apart and then they've come back together again. DON'T MISS...Endeavour: Who does Endeavour Morse marry?  [INSIGHT]Endeavour’s Roger Allam shares heartache of leaving Fred Thursday [UPDATE]Endeavour’s Roger Allam addresses concerns over Murder in Provence [LATEST] “But this, I guess, will have to be a satisfying explanation of why that finally happens.” The final series will take place in 1972 and consist of just three episodes. Executive producer Damien Timmer commented: "Endeavour has been a real labour of love for all of us, and we salute Russell Lewis for his extraordinary achievement in chronicling Endeavour Morse’s coming of age across 72 hours of tv. "Russell always knew where he wanted the series to end, and that remorseful day is nearly upon us.  "We’d like to thank Shaun and Roger and all the other members of the Endeavour family on and off screen, and to the show’s fans both in the UK and abroad." Roger has now moved on to another ITV crime drama, Murder in Provence. The release date for the upcoming season is yet to be confirmed. Episodes of Endeavour are available to watch on ITV Hub. 