One year on from one of the biggest upsets in modern tennis, Emma Raducanu returns to New York in August targeting a successful US Open title defence. As unlikely as her maiden major might have been in 2021, retaining the crown would be an arguably even greater feat given the pressure that now traces her every move. The teenager has bowed out in the second round of all three majors thus far in 2022 but returns to action at the Citi Open in Washington D.C. this week. Luckily, Raducanu's upbringing has prepared her for such challenges as she told ES magazine, via The Telegraph, about the methods that moulded her into the champion of today. “My mum was always telling me, ‘You can do anything you set your mind to,'" said the 19-year-old ahead of her return to Flushing Meadows. "My dad’s method was very different, basically the opposite. He told me that I couldn’t do this and that, and then I wanted to prove him wrong so badly. That’s what made me so ambitious. My mum was always backing me to prove him wrong. That’s how I achieved good results.” Following her unexpected success in New York last year, it's felt as though sections of the tennis community are waiting for her to slip up in her search for further success. But the prospect is well able to fight against adversity—rather, she thrives upon it thanks to lessons learnt from her Chinese mother, Renee, and Romanian father Ion. READ MORE: Emma Raducanu's new coach 'feared' Brit's butal reputation just months before link-up  “My parents always told me how it is, and I always had this sense of wanting to prove them wrong," Raducanu continued. "Even in primary school, we had a sprint race on sports day, and for seven years straight, I won it. I’m undefeated. I really like to win. I love the fight. When things get tough, keep getting yourself back up. Keep persevering.” Speaking to reporters immediately after her upset win over Canada's Leylah Fernandez, the young Brit again credited part of her success to a firm-but-fair education at home. “My parents showed tough love and, at the time, I probably wasn’t as grateful as I am in hindsight," she said at the time. The win over Fernandez had added significance in that Raducanu was also born in Canada, having spent the first two years of her life in Toronto before moving to England. Swimming, athletics and basketball were among her other hobbies before finally committing to tennis, though her naturally timid nature was an obstacle at first. DON'T MISSBBC may face Wimbledon grumbles after already being made to regret one Sue Barker decisionNovak Djokovic funding new tennis star as Wimbledon phone call and huge role emergesVenus Williams releases 'excited' Citi Open statement ahead of Emma Raducanu meeting    “When I was five or six, I was pretty much the only girl in most of the classes," added Raducanu, who has teamed up with Russian coach Dmitry Tursunov. "I remember clinging on to the fence, hiding behind my mum’s skirt. I didn’t want anything to do with it because I was shy. I’d cry on the court during a match.” Raducanu does a fine job of not showing those nerves nowadays, and she can ill afford to if she is to clinch a second successive title at the Billie Jean King National Tennis Center. The US Open is another opportunity to prove she's no flash-in-the-pan success story, with two people in particular to thank for any future glories to come.