If you get your way, and the SNP holds a referendum, my hunch is you’ll lose. Though given your whining behaviour recently, many down here would be only too happy to see the back of your Nationalists with an au revoir, adios, Auf Wiedersehen, or indeed, cheerio the noo. But as canny Scots apparently like to talk about the money, the immediate next question should be about the Withdrawal Agreement. Let’s learn the lesson from Brexit and sort out everything upfront, before the vote. Then the losers cannot complain that people did not know what they were voting for. The proposed deal should be clear for all to see. It will be fun being in the driving seat, a role obviously previously monopolised by the EU. I am happy to play the role of Michel Barnier. Presumably Nicola will adopt the role of Theresa May. Clearly we should adopt the strategy adopted by the EU that Ms Sturgeon fawns over. Divorce payment, then border, then trade and migration. So, as with the EU, before anything else is discussed, we must negotiate the Divorce payment to Westminster. In truth, the SNP is still hugely reliant on Westminster for money. Ms Sturgeon in her negligent ideological rush to Net Zero has decided she does not want the valuable oil and gas reserves off Scotland's coast. So she shouldn't mind handing them over to Westminster to cover the £50 billion plus cost of bailing out the two reckless Scottish banks in the financial crash. Once that is agreed, we need to talk about security. The rest of the UK cannot be exposed to the risk of a financially weak, militarily challenged, SNP-led Scotland being tempted by cheap money and technology from a rogue state such as China or Russia. So we will provide the military cover and keep our nuclear bases in Scotland on a long 999 year lease. Never before has the benefit of our nuclear deterrent been more relevant than right now as we face the aggression of Putin. Never before has the SNP’s anti nuclear stance looked more childish, more naïve. This military cover was of course one of the main three reasons that the Act of Union in 1707 came into being, along with financial security and free trade. Now let’s talk about borders, free trade and tariffs with the rest of UK. What type of border should be erected, to monitor goods that may be traded or smuggled across the border? A Hadrians Wall style hard border is the logical starting point, based on the debate about the border between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland. If so, who pays for it? How many crossings will there be, along with how many CCTV cameras? My hunch is that this is the last thing Nicola is dreaming of. She hopes that the rest of the UK will show goodwill and a generous desire to employ cool new technology as used by the likes of Amazon, FedEx and DHL.   After all, this was the original intention for the Irish border suggested by Enda Kenny, the former Irish Taoiseach, before he was ousted and the issue was hijacked by Remoaners trying to stop Brexit. This was also the intention of Lars Karlsson, the EU expert commissioned to write a solution, Smart Borders 2. Disgracefully the EU then ignored their own expert, so determined where they to create as much grief and angst as possible. I would show lots of goodwill. So let us agree to continue zero tariffs between our nations on goods and services. After all, we have enjoyed that for over 300 years. Then l recommend that we are a world leader in using technology to completely remove the need for border checks. We can then prove to Brussels, the Republic of Ireland and the Remoaners that the border issue should never have become such a big issue in the Brexit negotiations. The Northern Ireland Protocol would be seen to be redundant. Finally we need to talk about freedom of movement and migration. Clearly we need to be very concerned about illegal immigration across the border. Nicola expects open freedom of movement, but England is struggling with our housing, healthcare and infrastructure so the logical starting point is to have a strictly limited number of visas to live and work in the rest of the UK. Only the brightest and the best will do. Otherwise there could be a flood of migrants pouring across the border to escape the SNP’s Venezuela style chaos. Once all this is agreed, signed and sealed, please go ahead and vote. Bets on the result, based on the above deal?  Richard Tice is leader of Reform UK 