Recently, it was reported that Manchester United’s owners the Glazers had previously ‘stepped in’ to stop two players leaving. And that highlights the problem the club have at present. The Americans remain in the power positions at Old Trafford and it’s they, ultimately, who call the shots despite Richard Arnold and John Murtough working hard to avoid the mistakes of the past. It emerged that the Glazers stopped Jose Mourinho from jettisoning Anthony Martial during his spell in the dugout. The France international had struggled to adopt to the Portuguese’s methods after two years of trying. But Joel Glazer prevented the 26-year-old from jumping ship because the forward was the American’s ‘favourite player’. It was also revealed the Glazers blocked Sergio Romero from moving to Everton the following year as well. Romero wanted to depart, having been promised regular first-team action at Goodison Park at a time where Jordan Pickford was struggling for consistency. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez But, once again, the Glazers said no. In hindsight, they should have said yes. On both occasions. Martial has talent but, seven years in to his time at United, and there’s a sense the France international won’t ever live up to expectations. He’s had his moments of course, such as the 23 goals he bagged in the 2019/2020 season and the 17 he managed during his first year at Old Trafford. But United are currently stuck with Martial, with potential suitors for the France international in short supply. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen With that being the case, the Red Devils may have no choice but to try and accommodate a player who doesn’t appear suited to them any more. Had the Glazers approved his exit in 2018, Mourinho would have used the cash to raid Inter Milan for Ivan Perisic. But Perisic will now be playing for Tottenham next term and, with Antonio Conte in the dugout, the Red Devils could now pay for their mistake. Regarding Romero, the Argentina international remained professional after United decided to keep him. But he was far from happy with the way he was treated by Ole Gunnar Solskjaer when it transpired his move to Merseyside was dead in the water. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team Solskjaer’s treatment of Romero didn’t please the squad, with David De Gea even firing shots at the Norwegian when he said: “You deserve to be treated well in your new challenge. Enjoy." Just months after Romero was offloaded in 2021, Solskjaer was axed following a chastening 4-1 defeat to Watford at Vicarage Road. And that the Glazers intervened on both players, despite having little footballing expertise, shows the size of the task at United. Arnold and Murtough are keen to repair the damage of their tenure in charge, with the Red Devils now going five years without a trophy to show for their efforts. But any final say on things will be delivered by the Glazers, who have barely stepped foot in Manchester in recent years. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Given their mistakes, that doesn’t bode well. Yet there is light at the end of the tunnel with United now appearing to focus more solely on football than ever before. Arnold may be a businessman, but he’s also a United fan. Unlike his predecessor, Ed Woodward. Woodward supported Chelmsford City in his youth, though his father was a supporter of the Red Devils and Derby County. Whether United can get back to where they used to be, with the Glazers still signing off the biggest deals at the club, remains to be seen. Frenkie de Jong and Tyrell Malacia transfers should go through without a hitch, while the club are also eyeing Antony and Lisandro Martinez as they seek an improved campaign.