Those who receive the benefit may be due a cash boost in Personal Independence Payments (PIP), a scheme to help people who have disabilities or difficulties with daily living. The extra money is available for people who have a health condition or disability that prevents them from working or preparing for work. Some three million people across the UK are getting the extra help, while many more could be entitled to the free cash. Just over 35 percent of claimants are receiving the highest level of reward. PIP helps cover daily living costs and mobility needs as the result of a long-term illness, disability or mental health condition. The benefit is available for those over 16 and under state pension age. READ MORE: Santander issues warning amid 'worrying rise' in scam as victims lose £12,000 each People can claim the money whatever their income is, how much they have in savings or whether or not they are currently employed. The scheme supports people with visible as well as hidden conditions, such as anxiety and depression. To qualify for the payment, a person must have a health condition or disability where they have had difficulty in their daily life for the last three months. They must also anticipate that this will continue for at least the next nine months. Those who have difficulty with these everyday activities may be eligible for the funding:  The tax-free benefit is paid every four weeks. It is made up of two parts: Daily Living and Mobility. Britons will be paid the following amounts per week depending on their circumstances: Daily living Mobility People can make a claim for the support by contacting the DWP. The amount a person receives depends on how their condition affects them. Claimants will be assessed by an independent healthcare professional to determine the level of financial support that they need. Face-to-face assessments for health-related benefits, including PIP, are now offered by the DWP. Assessments can also be carried out via telephone, video call and with paper-based consultations.