Prince Harry and Meghan welcomed their second child, a daughter named Lilibet Diana, in June 2021. Now it has been speculated that the Duke and Duchess of Sussex fear that their daughter, who is named after the Queen, will be "written out of royal history". Speaking on a recent video posted on his YouTube channel, royal expert Neil Sean discussed the Sussexes latest fear. Mr Sean said: "According to that good source, it appears that both Harry and Meghan feel that their daughter is going to be re-written out of history. “This is because if you think about it logically, when are they next going to return?. When will the opportunity be there to have a formal portrait with our gracious monarch? And at 96 years old they have to look logically at that. So will their daughter Lili ever truly get to meet her great-grandmother again?”, Mr Sean questioned. READ MORE: Kate dazzles as she and William bring Prince George to his first Wimbledon men's final He continued: “The fact that they decided to release that picture of their daughter to the world was simply a kickback to say, ‘here she is, this is what you’re missing out on." Mr Sean suggested that the Queen’s refusal to have a picture released with Lilibet is likely to have "frustrated" both Harry and Meghan. He noted that the Palace have "still refused to confirm, either way, whether there was a meeting or not" between the Queen and the Sussexes during the Jubilee weekend. He did state that they do, however, admit that there was a "private moment together". READ MORE: Buckingham Palace called ‘lame and uninspiring’ in reviews left by American tourists Lilibet Diana Mountbatten-Windsor was born on June 4, 2021. Unlike her elder brother, Archie Harrison, Lilibet, affectionately nicknamed Lili, was born in the US. Lilibet and Archie joined their parents in the UK last month for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. DON'T MISS Kate sends Wimbledon crowd wild as she steps out to cheer [REVEAL] Will and Kate cheer on Norrie to glory in Wimbledon Royal Box [INSIGHT] David Walliams baffles fans with Wimbledon seats near Kate and William [SPOTLIGHT] It was earlier reported that Prince Charles had had a "very emotional" first meeting with his granddaughter during her visit to the UK last month. A royal source claimed that Prince Charles was "absolutely thrilled" by the Sussexes's visit with their daughter and their three-year-old son Archie. The source also said it was also "very, very special" for Prince Charles to spend time with Archie. READ NEXT: