Johnny Depp, 59, was hit with new relationship rumours this week after he was pictured with a mystery redhead at Umbria Jazz Festival. It has now been revealed to a US publication that the woman is his French teacher, helping him with his upcoming film Jeanne du Barry, putting romance rumours at bay. Johnny was spotted with a new woman in Italy as he continues to tour with friend Jeff Beck, playing their EP album. The Hollywood actor was seen arriving at Gardone Riviera on Monday for a performance with his guitarist pal. He was also seen arriving at the Umbria Jazz Festival over the weekend with a mystery redhead, leading fans to jump to the conclusion that Johnny was in a new relationship. However, rumours were shut down when a US outlet reported that the actor's relationship with the "mystery woman" was a strictly professional and platonic relationship. READ MORE: Emily Atack proudly shows off ‘beer belly’ as she poses in tiny bikini According to TMZ sources, the woman is helping Johnny with his French for his upcoming film Jeanne du Barry. The film tells the true story of a seamstress' daughter who went on to become the final mistress of King Louis XV in the 18th century. Johnny will be starring as Louis in the film, which is his first movie in three years. This follows a very public divorce from his ex-wife Amber Heard, which later led to a number of public high-profile court cases, most recently last month where the jury ruled in Johnny's favour. Though the result of the case proved they had both defamed each other, the cards fell considerably in the Pirates of the Caribbean actor's favour. He was awarded $10.35 million in damages from Amber, while she was awarded $2 million in damages from her former husband. Amber has very publicly admitted she could not afford to pay her ex-husband, with her lawyers filing a motion against the court result. The motion was filed on the grounds that the verdict was not supported by evidence. DON'T MISS... Carol Kirkwood admits ‘ruining’ proposal as she opens up on fiance [INSIGHT] Gogglebox's Stephen Webb apologises after 'pulling woman into pool' [COMMENT] Liz Hurley, 57, almost spills out of very low-cut gown in sultry video [PICS] In the lengthy 43-page memorandum, Amber's lawyers argued that the verdict should be thrown away on the grounds that during the trial, Johnny "proceeded solely on a defamation by implication theory, abandoning any claims that Heard's statements were actually false". Johnny's legal team responded to the motion as "outlandish" in court documents released last week. However, documents obtained by the Mail Online last week showed that Judge Penny Azcarate denied all of Amber's post-trial requests. It comes after Johnny's legal representatives also filed court documents requesting the judge reject his ex-wife's motion. One of the actress' appeals was based on Juror 15 who was written to be a 77-year-old man, but a 52-year-old man, who shared the same last name and address, was improperly seated for the six-week trial. The Pirates of the Caribbean star's lawyers say that Amber's team's complaints about the juror's identity were irrelevant and would have caused no prejudice to the actress during the trial. They said that the former Aquaman actress had access to these so-called "facts" months ago and did not act on them. Johnny's legal team said: "Ms. Heard's desperate, after-the-fact demand for an investigation of Juror 15 based on a purported error in his birth date is...misplaced... Moreover, Ms. Heard's argument is based on pure speculation. "Following a six-week jury trial, a jury of Ms. Heard's peers rendered a verdict against her in virtually all respects. Though understandably displeased with the outcome of the trial, Ms Heard has identified no legitimate basis to set aside in any respect the jury's decision."