Manchester City are reportedly interested in signing Bayern Munich star Serge Gnabry if Raheem Sterling joins Chelsea. Manchester United are also claimed to be keen but City could prove to be a more attractive move for the Germany star. Gnabry has less than a year remaining on his contract at Bayern. He has rejected all offers of a renewal so far and will be sold if he does not put pen to paper on a new deal. Chelsea are edging closer to agreeing a deal for Sterling, with the England international also in the final year of his own deal. And City will look to replace the 27-year-old if he does leave. The Sun claims Gnabry will be at the top of Pep Guardiola's wishlist if Sterling moves to Stamford Bridge. Bayern would be willing to sell the former Arsenal ace for £35million due to his contract situation. READ MORE: Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag makes transfer decision after furious Carrington bust-up  United are also keeping an eye on Gnabry's situation. However, City's interest could prove a huge stumbling block in their hopes of securing a deal. City are in the Champions League next season, something United cannot offer. Guardiola's side have also been serial trophy winners in recent years, with United's last silverware coming in 2017. Gnabry has enjoyed success in the Champions League with Bayern, winning the competition two seasons ago. That could likely prove a big factor in him choosing his next club. City would likely only pursue Gnabry if Sterling was to leave. They have already brought in Erling Haaland this summer and Julian Alvarez will link up with the squad after agreeing to join in January. DON'T MISSChelsea owner could offload two fan favourites to fund Frenkie de Jong transferLiverpool have four prime candidates to take No 10 shirt after Sadio Mane exitLisandro Martinez speaks out and mentions Erik ten Hag as Man Utd and Arsenal eye transfer  Gabriel Jesus has left and is set to be announced as a new Arsenal player imminently. Gnabry could help fill the void left by both Jesus and Sterling due to his versatility to play across the frontline. United, meanwhile, are yet to make a single signing under new boss Erik ten Hag. Feyenoord left-back Tyrell Malacia looks set to be the first incoming after impressing Ten Hag in the Eredivisie. Ten Hag is also hopeful of beating Arsenal to the signature of Ajax defender Lisandro Martinez. However, the club was rocked by the news on Saturday that Cristiano Ronaldo wants to leave in this window. The signing of Gnabry could help soften the blow of Ronaldo leaving, as the German has an impressive goal record as a winger in recent seasons. But if City are also keen, that could scupper United's chances of luring him to the club.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here