Romantic drama Virgin River is coming back for season four after a year-long hiatus away from the small screen. The popular Netflix series will see Jack Sheridan (played by Martin Henderson) and Mel Monroe's (Alexandra Breckenridge) relationship take on a new dilemma, whereas Preacher (Colin Lawrence) has the events of season three still to contend with. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about Virgin River season four. Virgin River season four will premiere on Wednesday, July 20, on Netflix. This latest series is going to be a little bigger than season three as it will consist of 12 episodes rather than 10, all of which are going to come out in one go. News came of its release on May 11 on the show's official Instagram page where seven new shots from the upcoming season were shared. The caption simply read: "Here's your first look at Virgin River season 4 coming to Netflix on July 20!" READ MORE: Celebrity MasterChef line-up: Who is competing in the 2022 series? The main cast from season three, including Breckenridge and Henderson, will be back for the fourth season. Sadly, actress Lynda Boyd won't be as her character Lilly was killed off but Annette O'Toole will be returning as Hope after she couldn't return to set for season three due to the pandemic. There will also be a couple of new faces in town in the shape of actors Kai Bradbury and Mark Ghanimé. Kai will play Doc's (Tim Matheson) long-lost grandson Denny Cutler who has a dark secret, while Ghanimé is Dr Cameron Kayek, the clinic's new physician. Yes, a trailer for Virgin River season four was released by Netflix last week. The main focus of the teaser is on Jack and Mel as they struggle with not knowing if Jack or Mel's late husband Mark (Daniel Gillies) is the father. The trailer shows Jack is starting to have a few too many drinks, leaving Mel worried about their future. Trying to convince him to stop, she tells him: "I don't want you to do this for me, I want you to do this for you." DON'T MISS...'You need to be professional!' Helen Skelton's scolding over blunder [MISTAKE]Virgin River’s Doc star on Netflix’s filming ‘concerns’ [REACTION]Virgin River’s Brie star teases next role away from series [CAST] At the end of season three, fans were stunned when Preacher was tricked by Paige's (Lexa Doig) abusive ex-husband Wes (Steven Bacic) to go into the woods with a friend of his. He was told that Paige was there waiting for him but little did Preacher realise he had been drugged and left in the woods for dead as her son Christopher (Chase Petriw) was taken. Thankfully, Preacher did survive the attack but when the series returns, he will be confused and worried about both Christopher and Paige's welfare. Netflix has released a season summary, explaining what viewers can expect during Virgin River's return. The season four description reads: "Despite not knowing whether her baby belongs to her deceased husband, Mark or Jack, Mel begins season four with a sense of optimism. "For years she yearned to be a mother and her dream is one step closer to reality. "While Jack is supportive and excited, the question of paternity continues to gnaw at him. "Complicating matters is the arrival of a handsome new doctor, who's in the market to start a family of his own. "Hope is still healing from her car accident, and the lingering psychological effects of her brain injury will have profound consequences for both her and Doc. "Brie, intent on proving the innocence of the man she loves, unexpectedly finds herself in a closer relationship with Mike and one step closer to Calvin’s violent criminal web. "Even as Preacher forges a new romantic connection, he can’t help but hold out hope for being reunited with Christopher and Paige." Virgin River season 4 premieres on Wednesday, July 20, on Netflix.