As the UK bakes during a record-breaking heatwave, many Britons are looking for ways to cool down. Iced tea is a refreshing beverage to sip on during hot weather. Although there are many pre-made options available to buy from supermarkets and cafés, you can also take matters into your own hands and whip up a batch at home. According to Tesco Food: "There’s nothing better than a cooling, citrus-scented glass of iced tea for ultimate refreshment. "This classic drink is easy to make at home, and you can ring the changes with your favourite teas and garnishes." If you enjoy a sweet drink, simply add sugar, sweetener or honey to your iced tea. Alternatively, adding slices of citrus fruit can give your summertime beverage a zingy kick. READ MORE: How to refresh 2-week-old wrinkly vegetables with simple food hack Normal black tea is great for a classic iced tea, but you can switch up the blend you use if you want to experiment with different flavours. For example, Early Grey tea is great for a citrus taste, while Darjeeling will be a little more floral. You can also change the type of garnish you use in line with the sort of flavour you want. Many people use cucumber ribbons, slices of orange or even sprigs of thyme. DON'T MISSAldi shares urgent food recall for cheese product [WARNING]Food hack: Easy way to make your own butter for 99p [EXPLAINER]The best and worst Lurpak brand alternatives ranked as price soars [INSIGHT] Ingredients To begin, add your teabags and half of your lemon slices to a large heatproof jug or pitcher. If you want your iced drink to be sweet, add one tablespoon of sugar. Pour over one litre of freshly boiled water and leave it to steep for five minutes. Then stir your beverage well and then discard the tea bags and lemon slices. Allow your drink to cool to room temperature before transferring it to the fridge. Ensure you cover the lid of your jug while storing. This way the tea should remain fresh and good to drink for two days. When serving in glasses, make sure to use plenty of ice to keep your drink cool. Add in the rest of the remaining lemon slices and garnish with a sprig of mint.