Kitchens are considered the heart of the home, and it tends to be a room where families spend a lot of time together. This means the interior design of a kitchen is incredibly important, including the paint colour on the walls. According to an expert, homeowners should stick to neutral, bright colours in the kitchen. Ryan McDonough, interior design expert at MyJobQuote, has shared the paint colours to “stay away” from when painting the kitchen. The expert told Express.co.uk: “Kitchens are the room within the home where most families spend the majority of their time. “When painting your kitchen, it’s important to stay away from basic browns, dark shades of red, green, purple and blue. “These shades can really bring your walls inward. READ MORE: Man rages at neighbour after out of control trees destroy shared fence “This can create an enclosed feel, and makes kitchens feel claustrophobic.” When it comes to decorating and designing the interior of a kitchen, Ryan said it is important to make use of the light. This can create the illusion of a large, open space. The expert added: “It’ll give your kitchen that sparkly, polished look. DON'T MISS:How to stop maggots hatching in your kitchen bin this summer [COMMENT]Three ‘simple’ ways to keep hanging baskets ‘blooming’ all summer [EXPERT]Best time to water plants - ‘remember the basics’ [EXPLAINER] “Of course, it is possible to create a polished feel by going with an all-black theme. “However, it’s vital you plan this tactfully. “Ensure you go with pure black, not grey or off-black. “This will help avoid a dull atmosphere and contrast the black with plenty of light.” READ MORE: How to save your lawn without watering: 6 steps to ‘promote growth’ If painting to sell, the expert recommended going with a colour scheme that will attract buyers. These colours tend to be bright and neutral such as whites, beige, and light greys. Ryan said: “Soft muted blue and green shades also work well to give the home a welcoming vibe. “It’s also great to take into consideration that different colours can affect your mood. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “Studies have shown that soft blues and greens bring a calming, serene atmosphere to a room, making them the perfect colour options for rooms like the bedroom or bathroom. “White gives a feeling of cleanliness and brightens up a room considerably, which can do wonders when you’re feeling overwhelmed.” Oranges and yellows could also be a good choice as they bring an exciting energy, according to the interior design expert. Ryan added that homeowners should stay away from reds. He said: “These shades can bring on a feeling of danger, stress, fear and negativity.”