Manchester United are reportedly ready to use Alex Telles and Eric Bailly in a swap deal to land Pau Torres. The Villarreal star would be an exciting signing for Erik ten Hag given his qualities at the back. And though Lisandro Martinez is their main defensive target, it’s possible the Spain international will arrive as well. Manchester United are aiming to bolster their backline in this summer’s transfer window after conceding 57 goals in the Premier League last season. Martinez is their priority target, with Ten Hag looking for a reunion with a player he’s spent three years managing at Ajax - even though Arsenal are in the hunt as well. According to the Mirror, however, United are also keen on landing Torres from Villarreal - 12 months after Ole Gunnar Solskjaer turned down the centre-back. And it’s claimed they could use both Telles and Bailly in a swap deal. Telles is set to be shown the door, having been embroiled in a training ground bust-up with Hannibal Mejbri back in May. With United primed to sign Tyrell Malacia from Feyenoord, the Brazil international is facing the prospect of being third-choice left-back next term. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez That won’t sit well with the former Porto star, especially with the World Cup in Qatar creeping closer. United expected Telles to provide good competition for Luke Shaw when Solskjaer signed the Samba star back in the summer transfer window of 2020. But that hasn’t happened, with the 29-year-old instead struggling for consistency during his two years at the club. United thought Bailly would be a hit when he arrived from Villarreal back in the summer of 2016, when Jose Mourinho was manager. Things started off well for the Ivory Coast international, who won the EFL Cup and Europa League during his first year in England. But injuries have regularly hampered the defender over the years, preventing him from fulfilling his true potential. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen Bailly wants to stay at United, with Fulham also keen on a transfer deal. And whether he’d be more receptive to a return to Villarreal, six years on from his departure, remains to be seen. Speaking in May, meanwhile, Torres opened up on his future and played down talk of a potential move to the Premier League. He said: ”I have the peace of mind of being where they want me, where I have a valid contract and a renewal offer. “The future will tell what happens but I am very calm, I do not look further and it is time to disconnect. “It has been two years very good at Villarreal, we have competed with the best at European level which is what every player wants. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “And if, in addition, you do it in your town's team, it's bigger.” Torres then added: "It's something I've always talked about with the president, that different situations could arise. “The club loves me and I am very grateful. I know that I can stay here for many more years because the affection is mutual. “We'll see what we decide.” Torres did insist, however, that he wouldn’t rule ‘anything out’ - though also suggested he’d be open to becoming Villarreal’s all-time appearance holder. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here "Everything is possible and I don't rule anything out,” he said. “The other day was the act in which Bruno, Mario and Manu Trigueros remembered the 400 games with the club. “These are challenges that one day appear out there, to be the one with the most games one day in the club. “They are very difficult decisions, there is nothing. There is no decision made. “The only offer I have today is the renewal with Villarreal. I know they love me here and they love me a lot."