Outlander fans have been eagerly awaiting the release of season seven after the Starz drama ended on a major cliffhanger. Ahead of its premiere actor Sam Heughan confirmed a major storyline which suggested viewers could have their heart's desire come true.  Season six of Outlander made its highly anticipated return to screens after an almost two-year wait. Although the instalment was only eight episodes long, it was action-packed with drama for every main character of the show. This included leading lady Claire Fraser (played by Caitriona Balfe) who had been arrested for a murder she didn’t commit. She had discovered her apprentice Malva Christie (Jessica Reynolds) dead in her garden and as a nurse, Claire rushed to her side and tried to save the teenager. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Amy Wyatt claims her second victim in revenge plot When this didn’t work, Claire remembered Malva was pregnant and attempted to perform an emergency c-section, however, the child didn’t make it either. While she was doing so, her husband Jamie (Sam Heughan) happened to be making his way to the house with Malva’s uncle and brother, who were all shocked. Her religious uncle Tom Christie (Mark Lewis Jones) criticised her for being pregnant out of wedlock and didn’t want anything to do with her, even after death. Whereas, her brother Allan Christe (Alexander Vlahos) was suspicious of Claire who was covered in Malva’s blood and suspected foul play.  Soon after, all the locals also believed Claire had some involvement in Malva’s death and they tried to punish her themselves. Sure enough, the nurse was arrested by Richard Brown (Chris Larkin) and his men even though she proclaimed her innocence. Although Jamie believed his wife and believed her, the two had been separated which led to him almost being sent to Scotland. Thankfully Ian (John Bell) and the Cherokee arrived in time to help him and in the final scene, they were desperately making their way to Claire. DON'T MISS...Better Call Saul fans ‘spot’ Lalo Salamanca in Breaking Bad [INSIGHT]Gil Birmingham nationality: Where is the Yellowstone star from? [INSIGHT]Outlander’s Caitriona Balfe hints at double death ending [INSIGHTS]  While many fans questioned whether Jamie would make it to Claire in time before an unfair trial, the star seemingly confirmed his character would in a recent interview. Speaking to Gold Derby, Hueghan detailed the final scene and stated “The whole finale was really fun to work on, it felt high action and it felt like western, the standoff and the shoot out.” The actor added: “It leaves it on this positive note that at least Jamie’s now out there and he's going to find her and save her.” With this major spoiler, fans are likely to be overjoyed when Outlander returns to reunite Jamie and Claire.  Unlike season six, the upcoming instalment will consist of 16 episodes which are currently in production. Outlander is the onscreen adaptation of Diana Gabaldon’s best-selling novel series with season seven inspired by her novel, Echo in the Bone. Hopefully, viewers will soon find out if Claire will be cleared of all charges as wasn’t responsible for Malva’s death. The instalment could also reveal who the real murderer was and why they decided to kill the teenager. Outlander is available on Starz in the US and available on Starzplay in the UK. 