The 70-year-old Irish-born rock star moved to Faversham in the 1980s when he took residence in the 12th Century Davington Priory. His presence in the area was certainly noticed and in 1986 he was made a Freeman of the borough of Swale. He is also well regarded for his activism work, having been a founding member of the charity supergroup Band Aid to help raise money for famine relief in Ethiopia. Following this, Geldof would also play a pivotal role in organising the colossal Live Aid charity concert in 1985 and Live 8 in 2005. Geldof and his ex-wife Paula Yates bought picturesque Davington Priory, which is close to the tranquil Kent town of Faversham, soon after their first visit to the property in 1981. Since then, Geldof's love affair with the home has spanned four decades and it has provided a constant sanctuary in his often turbulent life. Sir Bob and Paula even had their marriage blessed in a church adjacent to the house. Last year Bob received the go-ahead from planning officers at the local council to build a huge wildlife pond at his Kent home based on the impressionist artist’s series of Water Lilies paintings. The decision means Sir Bob, pictured, can forge ahead with the pond, which is up to 8ft deep, after a Covid-delayed process that took 15 months. READ MORE: 65p tin foil hack to ensure homes stays cool as heatwave continues It was reported that the rock star considered selling up his Faversham abode when his ex-wife sadly passed in late 2000, however he still resides at the property now. The beautiful grade II listed 12 century mansion is attached to St Mary Magdalene Church where Paula's friends and family paid their last respects to the star following her passing During their 16 years in the house together, Paula and Sir Bob befriended neighbours and became active members of the community. He was made Freeman of the Borough of Swale, which includes Faversham, in 1985 and Paula was known to take part in local charity events. Geldof received the award during a special meeting of the Swale Borough Council from the mayor, Councillor Richard Moreton, and the mayoress, Rose Moreton. DON'T MISS: ‘Worst mistake’ gardeners can make during a heatwave - how to prevent [EXPERT]‘The best way’ to water tomato plants - ‘important to their growth’ [TIPS]Are there 'criminal plants' in your garden? 9 plants you can’t grow [INSIGHT] In the same year, he was also made an honorary Knight Commander of the Order of the British Empire by Queen Elizabeth II. Clearly he has enjoyed Faversham life, having lived there for several decades, locals are sure to have seen the 70-year-old walking around the town’s historic streets. With a population of less than 20,000, the area is in a prime spot with easy access to the coast, Canterbury and London so it is no surprise that it has been deemed one of the best places to live in Kent. Bob’s activism days are clearly not behind him either, as last year he spoke out in support of the Save Kent’s Green Spaces action group and took part in the "Day of Action" organised by the grassroots group Save Kent's Green Spaces. READ MORE: Grow ‘healthier’ hydrangeas using worms - gives ‘access to nutrients’ Hundreds of local Kent residents at the time took part in peaceful demonstrations across the county to protest local and national Government policy of building on green fields. In a statement, Bob said: "I fully support Save Kent’s Green Spaces Day of Action. “Not just Kent’s green spaces but Kent’s towns, villages, farms, communities. “I have lived in Kent for 40 odd years and to see what amounts to a full-scale attack on the county and its people by the central government planners gives a lie to this government's binding commitments to the UN Sustainable Development Goals of which Prime Minister David Cameron was co-chair, its own agreements under COP26 and Boris Johnson’s promise that they 'would not build on green fields' from the Conservative Party conference in October. "17,000 acres of green fields of England are to disappear under concrete, Prime Minister. “300,000 houses a year by the mid-2020s with at least one car for every house. What price your words now, Mr Johnson?" Kent is no stranger to musicians it seems, having both produced and homed some of the biggest names in music for several decades. From the likes of The Rolling Stones, The Sex Pistols and David Bowie, clearly something in the Kent air attracts musical talent. TV legend and renowned actor Paul Ritter also lived in Faversham up until the time of his unfortunate passing last year.