Caroline Penn received a message purporting to be from the bank, saying that the group had stopped a payment from her account, until she could confirm it was genuine. The text message read: “Hi, it’s NatWest. We’d like to confirm a payment made from your account ending XXXX. "Although your balance may look like it’s reduced, we’ve NOT yet sent this payment. “It’s on hold for the next 72 hours to protect you and will only be released once we speak to you. "We will call you shortly to discuss this further.” The message also included the scam warning: “If you are being pressurised as a result of an unexpected phone call STOP. READ MORE: State pension warning as Britons make ‘common mistake’  “NatWest will never ask you to move money from your account.” Fortunately, Ms Penn was not taken in by the hoax as she does not have an account with the bank. She shared her experience on Twitter, advising the bank of the fake message. She said: “Both text and accompanying voicemail - which knew my full name would be utterly believable - if I had an account with NatWest. DON'T MISSPensioners could secure 10 key freebies to help with rising costs [INSIGHT]Retirement and me: Woman, 67, furious at state pension age changes [EXCLUSIVE]Pensioner loses £10,000 in scam and warns others about WhatsApp scam [WARNING] “Surely more can be done to stop these scams.” The bank responded to Ms Penn to ask her to get in touch with them. Scams now account for more than a third of all crime with more than three quarters of adults in the UK having been targeted in 2022. Sharing personal details can give fraudsters the information they need to take out loans and credit cards, throwing people into thousands of pounds worth of debt. READ MORE: Inheritance tax rate could be slashed to zero NatWest recently urged customers to be vigilant as it switches its debit cards from Visa to Mastercard, with scammers likely to take advantage of the change. In a letter to customers, the bank said: "Scammers like it when people get new cards, so always look out for unexpected phone calls, texts or emails from anyone claiming to be from the bank." Britons wanting to report a scam can contact Action Fraud - the UK’s national reporting centre for fraud and cybercrime. Scams can be reported using the online reporting service, and there is also help and support online.  People can talk to a specialist by calling 0300 123 2040. Anyone who is in immediate danger or risk of harm should call 999. Do you have a scam story to share? Express.co.uk would like to hear from anyone who has been scammed. People can get in touch via personal.finance@reachplc.com.