Julie Hawkins, 61, has cancelled her direct debit to Scottish Power in protest of her increased energy bills that she claims are making her “ill”. Julie was forced to give up her job as a housekeeper eight years ago when she was diagnosed with Barrett’s disease - a medical condition where some of the cells in your oesophagus grow abnormally.  Julie currently receives £500 per month in Personal Interdependent Payments, but instantly loses £290 thanks to her rising energy bills. She also spends £60 on renting a mobility scooter and £24 on a TV license.Her partner, Stevie Douglas, 51, is a youth worker and pays the rent on their home in Carstairs, South Lanarkshire. Julie, who is unable to eat due to her condition, said it is a “blessing” as it keeps food costs down for the pair. She has been in a row with Scottish Power after claiming her direct debit shot up from £72 a month to £290 when the energy cap was raised.  After being told her meter readings were accurate, Julie cancelled her direct debit on July 26. She said: “I don’t know what else to do. I don’t know what’s going to happen with this direct debit. It’s so hard to get them to sit up and take notice. “I don’t know what’s going to happen if they switch it off. I’m so tired of being taken advantage of. I wish I could go back to work - I loved my job. “I just exist from day to day. The plugs are all off. The electric is taking it all. “Stevie spends most of his money on petrol as he needs the car for work. READ MORE: Product shortage fears as UK's largest container port “I've charged my mobility scooter once and I spent £60 a month on renting it. “It is just sitting under the cover in the garden. I'm just getting so fed up and it's making me ill.” Julie has since received a letter from the company telling her she is now £1,100 in arrears and was stunned to see her disability benefit was taken from her account to settle the debt. Julie, originally from Shrewsbury, Shropshire, added: “I thought I’d managed to secure a good deal, but it soon became clear the cost was much higher. I’d never have agreed if I’d known. I’ve explained that my sole income is PIP and I just cannot afford to pay the amount I’m being charged. I’ve pleaded and asked if there’s any way to reduce the debt and cost. No one should be left without any money to survive. DON'T MISS:What age can a child be left home alone? [INSIGHT]Putin humiliated as Russian soldier tells of 'defeated' crew [ANALYSIS]Harry and Meghan in bust up ahead of major royal event [COMMENT] “The PIP money I receive is not enough to cover the rising cost of living. I could afford to pay the rate I believed I was signing up to, but even that’s leaving me with next to nothing. My health is very poor and basically I know I’m on borrowed time. “Right now, I’m not coping and can’t remember the last time I turned on my heating. I’ve cried so much over this and feel totally helpless. “Energy costs are going up again later this year and I just don’t know what I’m going to do. I've no option but to keep everything that uses power turned off. But my feeding machine is vital to keep me alive, without it I will die.” A spokesman for ScottishPower said: “When Mrs Hawkins became a customer, we based her initial quote on information she provided to us on her energy usage. However, the direct debit amount has since been updated based on actual energy usage at the property. We have liaised with Citizens Advice regarding her case and our customer service team has shared information on the support available to her. We understand her frustration and regret the distress caused, but her bills are accurate and based on her actual energy use.” 