Tiger Woods is almost ready to start his bid for a fourth Open Championship win. The golf legend is relishing the opportunity to compete at his favourite course again following the devastating car crash that threatened to end his career. Since his return to the sport in April, Woods stressed his desire to compete in the 150th edition of the prestigious event. He last won the event in 2006 and would no doubt love to lift the Claret Jug once again, especially after admitting this may be his last chance to compete at his highest level at St Andrews. As Woods gets set to grace the green this weekend, Express Sport take a dive into the 15-time major winner’s profile. Last month, Woods joined Michael Jordan and LeBron James as the third sportsman to become a billionaire. According to Forbes, the golf legend has amassed over $1.7 billion in salary, endorsements and other income over the course of his glittering 27-year career. His net worth is now estimated to be at least $1 billion, based on his lifetime earnings and less than 10% career earnings have come from the record-equalling 82 tournaments that he has won. JUST IN: Tiger Woods rips into LIV Golf renegades in explosive rant at The 150th Open   The bulk of his fortune comes from mammoth endorsement deals with over a dozen brands, such as Gatorade, Monster Energy, TaylorMade, Rolex and Nike, with whom he signed in 1996 and which remains his biggest backer. “He hit the right time in the right sport, being an athlete with a diverse background who was approachable,” veteran sports business consultant and Columbia lecturer Joe Favorito says. In his personal life, Woods is currenlty in a relationship with girlfriend Erica Herman. He has reportedly been in a relationship with restaurant manager Herman, 38, since September 2017. The pair first met when she helped to manage his pop-up restaurant in Florida, which is known as The Woods Jupiter. The pair were first spotted together in 2017 at the President's Cup. She has since supported Woods on the course, and spends plenty of time with his two children; Sam, 15, and 13-year-old Charlie, who Woods sometimes plays golf with. DON'T MISS  Herman previously explained that she hasn’t been pictured much because she "doesn’t like public attention.” However, the pair's relationship has gone from strength to strength and she was in attendance to see Woods inducted into the Golf Hall of Fame in March. Meanwhile, in the build-up to The Open, Woods shut down any rumours he may consider retirement after The Open. "Who? Me, retire? No, no, no, no. I'm not retiring," Woods told Sky Sports. "But not playing a full schedule, that's just my reality. I don't like it, but I just have to accept it. As far as retiring, no. But this may be my last chance I'll be playing at St Andrews with a chance to compete at the highest level. If it comes around in five, six, seven or eight years' time, whatever the time frame is, who knows if I'll be playing the game of golf at this level? I appreciate every single moment, especially coming back here." 