The trends to avoid include DIY patterned feature walls often made using tape, statement flooring, high maintenance freestanding baths, as well as kitchen islands which could make the space on offer feel more cramped. Holly Herbert, head of content at webuyanyhouse.co.uk, in collaboration with sofa and carpet specialist ScS, has shared several interior features currently hugely popular on social media that could devalue your property. Ceramic statement tiles Tiling needs to be consistent around the house to look attractive and it can be expensive to remove, which many buyers will want to do. If tiles are badly laid or decorated with quirky colours, they can be off-putting and quickly look outdated. Holly explained: “Poor flooring can decrease a house's value by around five percent. “It can be really costly to rip it up to replace, so if tiling, you're best sticking to neutral colours.” As the average house price currently stands at £289,099, according to Halifax’s latest House Price Index, this feature could knock off £14,454.95 from your property value. READ MORE: Kitchen features which can ‘devalue your home’ - what to avoid Kitchen features Open plan kitchen, dining and living spaces with islands are really popular with interior influencers, but before homeowners hop on the trend, there's a lot to consider. Holly advises: “Islands are great in a big home, but space is the main factor for most buyers, so if they make your kitchen look cramped, they can be a big mistake. “If you do add an island, make sure you don't add appliances (such as a cooker) to it unless you're absolutely certain, as it then becomes expensive for the next owner to remodel if they want to change things around.” Still on the topic of kitchens, having a separate area to store food can be a great feature for a kitchen, but pantries need to be well-located and genuinely useful to be appealing. Holly explained: “Pantries tend to take up a huge amount of space, which impedes the kitchen and reduces the house's value. “They are a nice touch in homes which have enough room for them, but this isn't the case for many properties.” DON'T MISS: ‘Best course of action’ to naturally get rid of crabgrass from lawns [EXPERT]Alan Titchmarsh shares the ‘best’ lawn seed for hard wearing grass [INSIGHT]Use ‘candle trick’ for the ‘fastest’ method to banish flies from homes [TIPS] Tape-patterned walls Triangular-painted feature walls, with tape used to create coloured shapes, were incredibly popular during lockdown, but such creativity isn't always appreciated by buyers. Holly said: “Over-expressive decorating, like accent corners, scalloped edges, painted arches or frog-tape walls, are all very much to individual taste. “As such, it can make it much harder to achieve a sale. You're far better off sticking to neutral colours.” For those who really like this trend, consider creating artwork that can be framed or hung up on the wall rather than risk having to redecorate the entire home when it comes to selling a property. Gold hardware Glittering gold features can add a touch of elegance around the home, but as Holly explains, this effect doesn't last long. She said: “Gold hardware can quickly look stained and marked, which is very noticeable. “It can also be difficult to match it with other features in your home, especially once the gold colour has faded.” READ MORE: How to deadhead geraniums in one step to ‘produce new blooms’ Gold door and cupboard handles are currently all over TikTok interiors accounts, but this trend can either be loved or hated by potential buyers. Interior trends can change quickly, so if you really want to add gold to your home, seek the help of a professional to make sure it's done right and ensure that it will age well, says Holly. Bi-fold doors Bi-fold doors are really useful for creating an easy passage from a home to it’s garden, but if they are low-quality or badly fitted, they can count against homeowners. Holly explained: “Such doors do look attractive, but in reality, they can break quite easily, which can be a nuisance for new homeowners. “It can also be really difficult to get hold of replacement parts, so it's something to keep in mind before paying out.” Bi-fold doors may not be practical either, as the British weather is often grey, these features will spend most of their time closed, making them more impractical than regular doors and windows. Freestanding baths Freestanding baths look great in social media posts, but they often come with a lot of practical issues that make them unattractive to buyers. Holly said: “Freestanding baths are far higher maintenance than normal varieties. You may need to make extra room under your floor for additional pipes and plumbing. “If these pipes leak, they can be incredibly expensive to access and can create bad smells.” The expert suggests they're not easy or practical, which is what most homeowners want, especially families with children. Standalone baths also require more storage space for soaps and toiletries, which many people usually keep on the corners of a bath. It also depends on who is buying your property, as young, busy couples and elderly homeowners tend to prefer walk-in showers over bath tubs.