As Noel Fitzpatrick returns to our screens for a second week on The Supervet, Express.co.uk looks back on the vets' surprising link to Britney Spears. The Supervet has been rumoured to be the inspiration behind the singer's hit song Toxic due to his relationship with the co-writer. The veterinary surgeon was an actor in the past and had a relationship with former pop star Cathy Dennis. The former couple broke up in 2003, the same year Toxic was composed. In the song, an individual is described as a "taste of poison paradise". Noel has spoken in his book, Listening to the Animals - Becoming the Supervet, previously about his relationship with Cathy. READ MORE: Brendan Fraser unrecognisable as 600lb recluse in new film The Whale He remarked: "Cathy and I remain good friends and I'm sad that I couldn't give her, or anyone else, what is needed in a healthy relationship." Noel is not married to date and does not have any children. He previously mentioned he would have loved to settle down, but his 16-hour working days were not wife friendly. Many viewers were left with tears in their eyes during last week's episode just minutes in. Viewers met a police dog called Trigger who was experiencing intense back pain and was visiting the Supervet to see if it could be healed. As Noel analysed Trigger's condition, the dog squealed and cried in pain, leaving fans of the Channel 4 series in tears. Noel explained to Rob that he would have to conduct three tests to see how much pain Trigger was in, and warned him it could be painful for him. "I don't want to cause him pain, but I've got to document the pain and unfortunately, it's very subjective," the veterinarian remarked. DON'T MISS... 'Pathetic' Piers Morgan reignites trans row in England Lionesses tweet [OPINION] Cat Deeley, 45, stuns in tiny pink bikini for poolside LA snaps [INSTAGRAM] Liz Hurley, 57, turns heads in plunging floral dress at Goodwood [PICS] As he felt for Trigger's pain points, the service dog screeched in agony and cried, trying to free himself from Noel. The Channel 4 favourite tweeted about the episode, writing: "Terrific Met Police Dog Trigger. "A special boy with an amazing work ethic and an incredible bond with his partner/dad Rob. "It is a privilege to have been entrusted with his care." Thankfully, Trigger made a full recovery and after Noel conducted the three tests once again, Trigger felt no pain. Noel recently went on The Chris Evans Breakfast show to talk about the Channel 4 series. Speaking about why he loves his job, he said: "As soon as I push the doors of theatre open, no matter how tired - I could be in there for seven hours, eight hours - it feels like 'okay, this is where you're supposed to be, you're in harmony with nature and hopefully people watching this will get a little connection with why we're human at all. "It's not about surgery. It's about unconditional love." The Supervet airs tonight on Channel 4 at 8pm