Nick Kyrgios told Wimbledon “I do what I want” after marching onto Centre Court in red trainers to book a place in the quarter-finals. His five-set 4-6, 6-4, 7-6, 3-6, 6-2 win against impressive 20-year-old American Brandon Nakashima had all the usual Kyrgios shenanigans - underarm serves, tweeners, medical dramas and rants at the umpire. But this time the Australian excelled himself by breaking the rules before a ball had even been hit. The rules clearly state Wimbledon’s strict all-white policy “applies from the point at which the player enters the court.” When quizzed about his choice of footwear - and the red cap he wore for his post-match interview - Kyrgios’s blunt response was “Because I do what I want”. He went on to insist he was not “above the rules” and when asked if they simply did not apply to him, he said. “I just like wearing my Jordans.” Ultimately, he excused his behaviour by saying it was, “More attention for me. Any publicity is good publicity, right?”. The Referee’s office were set to “remind him of the rules” on Monday night but might have had to follow him into Wimbledon to find him. MUST READ: Nick Kyrgios in hot water after breaking Wimbledon rules with officials set to have a word  Having told the Centre Court crowd, “I need a glass of wine for sure tonight,” he said he would “have dinner with his team and relax.” On Wednesday he will face Cristian Garin, a Chilean ranked no. 43 in the world, and Kyrgios promised that these days, however, he would not be going wild with the celebrations as he used to in what he described as his “dark days” in 2019. “There was a time where I was having to be forced out of a pub at 4 am to play Rafa Nadal in the second round,” he said. “My agent had to come get me out of a pub at 4 am before I played my match on Centre Court Wimbledon. I've come a long way, that's for sure. DON'T MISS Nick Kyrgios answers injury question after taxing Wimbledon win - 'I need a glass of wine' Wimbledon rule change leaves British star snubbed from Centre Court in first quarter-final Nick Kyrgios warned about 'letter in locker' after donning red cap and shoes at Wimbledon  “Now to sit here in the quarter-finals of Wimbledon, feeling good, feeling composed, feeling mature, having that around me, I'm extremely blessed. I feel like I'm just comfortable in my own skin.” And for those who find his antics keep getting under theirs? “None of you really know me at all,” he said. “Like, you don't hang out with me at all. You only kind of see what you see on the court. It's always been a bit of a roller coaster. So I understand how it's mixed reviews.” 