Michael Weatherly’s work diary has suddenly become a lot more open after CBS series Bull came to a close earlier this year after six drama-filled seasons. Weatherly’s stint as Dr Jason Bull came after he said farewell to the character of Tony DiNozzo on the long-running crime procedural NCIS and it’s safe to say fans of both shows have been keen to keep up with what the actor is doing now after leaving both iconic roles. And in his latest update via social media, Weatherly has been filling fans in with how he’s enjoying his downtime since departing Bull. The NCIS star recently took to the golf course to share a short clip with his 469.4k Twitter followers. He said rather breathlessly in the video: “Illegal use of camera, crazy haired because I put sunblock in it… fifth hole.” The NCIS star captioned the post with the message: “Summer golf with porkuswine hairdo in effect. Happy July!” READ MORE: NCIS LA season 14: Fans sent into frenzy as crew member shares 'creepy' peek And while it didn’t take long for hundreds of fans to share their well wishes, one person, in particular, sparked a sweet tribute from the former NCIS lead. Geoffrey Blake replied to Weatherly: “A man of leisure now that you don’t have a 5am call time!” Blake starred opposite Weatherly on Bull way back in the very first season, in the episode entitled The Woman in 8D. After poking fun at the lengthy work days they both endured, Weatherly replied: “Correct sir. Just taking it one hot day at a time…” He then shared some kind words aimed Blake’s way, commenting: “Hope you are doing well and having some leisure yourself. “Loved working with you!” Weatherly concluded in his tribute to his former co-star. In the episode the two starred in, Blake guest-starred in the role of Oscar Weber. While Weatherly went on to appear in every episode of Bull afterwards, Blake went on to work on series such as DC’s Legends of Tomorrow, Grimm and Epic drama Godfather of Harlem. DON'T MISS:NCIS LA's Katya star inundated with praise as she shares health battleNCIS Hawaii season 2 theory: Whistler and Tara split sealedNCIS LA season 14 theory: Roundtree and Fatima romance sealed Weatherly’s work diary, on the other hand, appears to be wide open, according to IMDb. The site confirms Weatherly appears to have no upcoming on-screen projects in the pipeline since leaving Bull. However, one role a number of crime TV fans will undoubtedly be hoping is on the horizon is a return to NCIS. After all, Tony DiNozzo is alive and well in the NCIS world, currently living in Paris with his other half Ziva David (Cote de Pablo). Plus, NCIS has already been renewed for a landmark 20th season. While series lead Mark Harmon has departed NCIS, the show still has plenty of figures who worked alongside Tony during his tenure. Sean Murray and Brian Dietzen, who play Timothy McGee and Jimmy Palmer respectively, for instance, both know Tony well. With nothing confirmed, however, fans will just have to keep their fingers crossed that Tony may pop up again in NCIS. NCIS season 20 premieres on CBS in the USA on September 19. A UK release date is yet to be announced.