This evening Dolly Parton's 1980 classic 9 to 5 airs on ITVBe, from 6.50pm. It follows the tale of three downbeat office employees, who are at a loss with their chauvinistic manager, and spend their days dreaming about how they can seek revenge on him. Astonishingly, their fantasies become a reality after a series of mishaps emerge, resulting in their kidnapping him, before they teach him a lesson in manners. Alongside Parton is a stellar cast made up of the likes of Jane Fonda, Lily Tomlin and Dabney Coleman. The comedy remains such a huge hit with fans across the globe that it was ranked 74th on the American Film Institute's '100 Funniest Movies', and has a Rotten Tomatoes rating of 81 percent positive reviews. While Parton was already a major star by the time 9 to 5 aired, the film helped her branch out into a new form of the arts, a move that would see her take on a number roles across the years. With her star rocketing and global fame now a given, Parton once reflected on the impact her success had on her husband, Carl Dean. Parton and Dean wed in 1966, and have remained married across the decades. Little, however, is known about their relationship, with Dean notorious for shying away from the media. In 2020, Parton discussed why her husband chose to keep away from the limelight during an interview with Entertainment Tonight, and addressed bizarre claims Dean might not actually exist. She said: "A lot of people have thought that through the years, because he does not want to be in the spotlight at all. JUST IN: Dolly Parton's sister hits out over Camilla photo ‘Gorgeous Meghan’ "It's just not who he is. "He's like, a quiet, reserved person and he figured if he ever got out there in that, he'd never get a minute's peace and he's right about that." The 76-year-old went further, discussing how both she and Dean valued their privacy, with her husband having no interest whatsoever in being famous. She added: "I've always respected and appreciated that in him and I've always tried to keep him out of the limelight as much as I can. DON'T MISS:'You are more than platinum' Dolly Parton leads tributes to Queen [ANALYSIS]Duran Duran star calls Rock and Rock Hall of Fame induction 'a joke' [INSIGHT]Dolly Parton communicates with goddaughter Miley Cyrus in unusual way [UPDATE] "He said, 'I didn't choose this world, I chose you, and you chose that world. "But we can keep our lives separate and together.' And we do and we have. We've been together 56 years, married 54." A year later, Parton was again making headlines on her Instagram, as she posed in a black bustier and pink-and-white collar with a bow tie for a special video to her husband. It was recreating her famous Playboy cover, to "make him happy" on his birthday, but soon decided to set it up as her own personal shoot. In the video she said: "You're probably wondering why I'm dressed like this. Well, it's for my husband's birthday." "He still thinks I'm a hot chick after 57 years. "And I'm not gonna try and talk him out of that." Parton has discussed previously how she doesn't use her husband's name professionally, but on her passport her name reads Dolly Parton Dean. And when signing contracts, the country legend also uses his name. 9 to 5 airs from 6.50pm on ITVBe. In the video she said: "You're probably wondering why I'm dressed like this. Well, it's for my husband's birthday."  "He still thinks I'm a hot chick after 57 years.  "And I'm not gonna try and talk him out of that."  Parton has discussed previously how she doesn't use her husband's name professionally, but on her passport her name reads Dolly Parton Dean.  And when signing contracts, the country legend also uses his name.  9 to 5 airs from 6.50pm on ITVBe.