Fernando Alonso was not impressed with Yuki Tsunoda's driving during the Austrian Grand Prix as the Alpine driver was squeezed off track and on to the grass by his AlphaTauri rival. Cameras caught Alonso wagging his finger in Tsunoda's direction while he pulled alongside him before passing. The Spaniard was attempting to pass down the inside of Tsunoda after pulling alongside him at the exit of Turn Three But the Japanese driver's defending meant Alonso's two tyres on his right side were forced on to the grass. The veteran had to wrestle control of his steering wheel to avoid spinning off track while being squeezed. Alonso still however managed to get past as he moved down towards Turn Four. And as he passed Tsunoda, footage showed Alonso looking to his left in the direction of the AlphaTauri and wagging his finger while driving one-handed towards the corner. Fans on social media were quick to liken Alonso's gesture to NBA icon Dikembe Mutombo, who famously wagged his finger whenever he blocked an opponent's shot. Alonso said to Sky Sports F1 post-race: "Another eight points in the bin today. I was P14 when I was going out instead of P8, from P14 we took some place to P10. It was good fun and the car was mega fast. Started P19 and the possibility of finishing sixth means a lot for us. The points keep avoiding us but good fun." Alonso enjoyed good pace in Spielberg and the 40-year-old quickly made up places after starting P19. The Alpine driver was hit with a grid penalty before the race although it did not affect his starting position. The two-time world champion ran a new Internal Combustion Engine (ICE) and also a new turbocharger, MGU-H, energy store, control electronics and exhaust system which meant he was forced to take the penalty. But the two-time world champion was due to start on the back row at the Red Bull Ring anyway after missing Saturday's sprint race due to a mechanical problem. Alonso had been left on the grid with tyre blankets still on his car as the formation lap began. Though his car was taken back into the pits, Alpine could not sort the issue and Alonso was forced to watch the sprint from the F1 paddock when he had been due to start in eighth. In the race, Alonso dropped down the order towards the end after pitting under a safety car. It emerged before the finish that the stewards would investigate Alonso afterwards for a release while the car is in unsafe condition. Alonso crossed the line P10 thanks to a last-lap overtake on Alfa Romeo's Valtteri Bottas which meant he claimed the final points position. Alonso remains 10th in the Drivers' Championship but improves to 29 points.