Chris Bonnett, founder of GardeningExpress, said: “Everyone wants gorgeous green grass for summer, especially if you’re entertaining. The lawn is an important part of the garden and when it’s taken care of, tidy and green, it can automatically make the garden appear neater and more presentable. There are a few routine things you can do to keep your grass looking healthy and bright like adding fertiliser, leaving grass clippings and top dressing. If you do all these things consistently, you’ll notice a real change in your lawn.” Fertiliser Fertiliser should be placed on the lawn a few times throughout the year, once at the start of spring, once in the summer and once in early autumn. According to Chris, gardeners should first mow their lawn and lay down fertiliser with a spreader. This can help to get an even coverage. The expert added: “Leave this to settle in the grass for around 24 hours then give it a light water. “After that, avoid watering the grass for a few days so that the fertiliser can do its job. Once you’ve done this you can get back to watering your grass as normal.” READ MORE: Pippa Middleton lives in £17m home in Chelsea - perfect for new baby Top dressing Top dressing is something gardeners can do a couple of weeks after using a fertiliser. This is a job for those who are really keen for their grass to grow. The gardening expert said: “Mix together materials like sand, soil loam and peat and apply this to your dry grass. “The materials will transfer nutrients back into the soil and promote growth.” DON'T MISS:Mrs Hinch fans share ‘easy’ way to remove stubborn sweat stains [COMMENT]Gardening guru shares how to get an ‘unlimited’ supply of herbs [INSIGHT]Pillow cleaning: Use £1 hack to ‘soak up moisture and odours’ [EXPLAINER] Use grass clippings Similar to top dressing, Chris said an “easy way” to promote grass growth is to leave grass clippings on the lawn after mowing. He said: “This way, the clippings decompose and transform healthy nutrients that promote growth back into the soil, keeping your grass healthy.” Change your watering schedule Chris continued: “A lot of people tend to water their grass little and often. “Instead of watering your grass everyday for short periods of time, try and give your grass a longer and deeper water a few times a week in order to penetrate right down to the roots. “Leaving it for a couple of days will give the grass plenty of time to soak it up before the next watering.” READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans share how to clean mouldy washing machine drawers Don’t cut the lawn too short According to the expert, cutting the lawn too short can do more harm than good. Shorter grass means less photosynthesis, which in turn means less growth. Chris recommended keeping the lawn two to three inches long. Aerate your lawn Aerating the lawn can help it to breath and allow nutrients access to the roots. The process involves creating small holes in the lawn. The gardening expert said: “It’s also important to avoid a build-up of thatch. “However, you must ensure that you do this in correct weather conditions, it shouldn’t be too dry or too wet. “Simply dig a garden fork into different sections of the grass or you can purchase a lawn aerator, either is fine.” Overseeding If gardeners notice bare spots in their lawn, Chris recommended considering oversewed. It is a great way to sow new seed over existing lawn and can lead to a fuller looking grass.