 Meghan Markle and her husband Prince Harry’s fractured relationship with the Royal Family is chronicled in an upcoming, tell-all book about the war between the Sussexes and the Windsors. In a recent serialisation of the book, Mr Bower references Meghan's first sit-down interview as a royal fiancée. The future Duchess featured on the cover of Vanity Fair and was the focus of a lengthy article about her life, work and relationship with Britain’s much-loved prince.  Back in 2017, Meghan told interviewer Sam Kashner that she and Harry were “happy” and “in love”, a sentiment that made the front cover of the glossy magazine. Their relationship had been subjected to criticism and backlash, so much so that Harry felt forced to release a statement in a bid to protect his then-girlfriend. The official statement issued from Kensington Palace by his communications secretary read, in part: “Meghan Markle has been subject to a wave of abuse and harassment…Prince Harry is worried about Ms Markle’s safety and is deeply disappointed that he has not been able to protect her.” Contrastingly, Meghan preferred an 'ignorance is bliss' approach, telling Vanity Fair: “I don’t read any press. I haven’t even read press for Suits. READ MORE: Meghan failed to stay silent on Harry relationship despite 'strict orders' from prince  “The people who are close to me anchor me in knowing who I am. The rest is noise.” Perhaps an opinion that would prove important to the future royal was Queen Elizabeth II’s, and according to one royal expert, the monarch was “remarkably open-minded” to Meghan and the new love match. When asked if she thought the Queen opposed the match, Sally Bedell Smith, who has written biographies of Queen Elizabeth II, Diana, Princess of Wales, and most recently Prince Charles, told Vanity Fair: “The stakes are obviously lower in the case of Harry because he is now fifth in line to the throne [in descending order, the others are Prince Charles, Prince William, Prince George, and Princess Charlotte]. “They have to be concerned — William and Harry will always have a special place because, whatever you think of Diana, she has a magical aura that continues.  “The fact that Harry and William are half Diana . . . that will never go away.” She added: “The Queen is remarkably open-minded and she’s very tolerant,” observing that William was allowed to cohabit with Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, even though she’s the daughter of “a very middle-class family.” Ms Bedell Smith continued: “The Queen just looked at who Kate was and that she was in love with her grandson, and that she knew how to conduct herself with dignity and discretion, and that was the most important thing. “I would imagine that the Queen’s view of this would be: if they’re in love and they’re well suited, then they should proceed.” DON'T MISS: Kate and William's beloved dog Orla has special meaning after tragedy [ANALYSIS] Prince Harry's friends called him 'f***ing nuts' for dating Meghan [REVEAL] Meghan Markle 'is no victim' as Duchess 'ruthlessly' used royal title [INSIGHT]  Many experts with insight into the Royal Family have claimed that Meghan was warmly welcomed. In fact, the Queen even made an unprecedented exception for Meghan at Christmas in 2017, according to columnist and royal expert Richard Kay. The Royal Family have spent their Christmases at Sandringham for decades and it is typically reserved for family only, meaning partners only get an invite after the wedding. However, the Queen is said to have broken that tradition for Harry’s fiancée. Meghan became the first royal fiancée to spend Christmas with the Royal Family at Sandringham.  Richard Kay told Channel 5’s 2022 documentary, ‘Harry & Meghan Vs The Monarchy’, that this was a “rare exception”. He said: “Talk about a baptism of fire. Here was a rare exception being made. “Kate Middleton was not invited as William’s girlfriend to spend Christmas at Sandringham with the royals. “But here was Meghan doing just that.”  Kate, Duchess of Cambridge did not spend Christmas at Sandringham until December 2011 — after her wedding to Prince William. Famously, Sarah Ferguson, affectionately known as Fergie, was ousted from the family Christmas after her divorce from Prince Andrew in 1996. It is understood that Prince Philip could not stand to have his former daughter-in-law at the family celebration, so she wasn't invited to the event. Last year, it was thought that Fergie would be brought in from the cold, but the Duchess remained at Royal Lodge, the home she shares with her ex-husband, while her family spent Christmas three miles away at Windsor Castle. Grant Harrold, who was butler to Prince Charles from 2004-2011, noted the significance of Meghan’s invitation.  He told the documentary: “The Queen is very strict when it comes to family, and so to be invited was quite a significant thing. “I’m sure Meghan Markle was absolutely terrified.”