On Monday on his first full day in the country the Argentinian pontiff the Pope travelled to the town of Maskwacis, site of two former schools. It was here where he issued a historic apology that called the Church's role in the schools, and the forced cultural assimilation they attempted, a "deplorable evil" and "disastrous error".  Over 150,000 indigenous children were forcibly separated from their family and taken to residential schools. Many of them were starved or beaten for speaking their native languages. A large number of them were sexually abused in a system that Canada's Truth and Reconciliation Commission called "cultural genocide". The Pope admitted that the Catholic Church had to accept institutional blame for the treatment of indigenous Canadians in the residential schools.  On Tuesday, the pontiff held an open air mass at a football stadium while seated due to a knee ailment that has forced him to use a wheelchair during the trip. Although the Pope met political leaders following his arrival in Quebec on Wednesday there was a continued focus on reconciliation with the Canadian indigenous community. On arrival the pontiff smiled from his wheelchair as he was greeted by indigenous representatives and political leaders. As his convoy drove from the airport to the city, many people gathered along the road in an effort to get a glance of the leader of the Roman Catholic Church. READ MORE: : Zelensky's men kill up to 200 elite Wagner mercenaries  Pope Francis was greeted at the Citadelle by the St Lawrence River by Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and Governor General Mary Simon. A guard of honour greeted the pontiff wearing red uniforms and black bearskin caps. The Citadelle de Quebec is the largest British built fortress built in North America and is one of the official residences of the Governor General. Ms Simon, who is the first indigenous Governor General, met the Pope first. DON'T MISS: EU unity crumbles with three nations using almost half the electricity [REVEAL] Ukraine delivers Russia hammerblow as they trap troops in Kherson [INSIGHT] Benidorm holiday fury as OAPs perform SEX ACT on bench  [SPOTLIGHT]  Following this Prime Minister Trudeau, an advocate of reconciliation with indigenous people, spoke privately with the pontiff. After this the Pope spoke publicly with diplomats, officials and indigenous leaders. Marilyne Chachai-Piche organised a march of 13 people from Mashteuiatsh, an aboriginal Innu community 165 miles to Quebec city for the papal visit. Ms Chachai-Piche said: "My mother was always told in the residential school: 'You don't have the right to speak your language'... She was told her skin colour was bad for Christianity. "I still live with the suffering." On Thursday, the Pope will visit the Sanctuary of Sainte-Anne-de-Beaupre, the oldest Catholic pilgrimage site in North America as well as meeting the Archbishop of Quebec. While on Friday, he will visit Iqaluit in the Canadian Arctic where indigenous issues are likely to take centre stage before returning to Rome. 