The soap icon was last seen in EastEnders in early 2019 after he fled the Square because he had stolen money from gangster Phil Mitchell (played by Steve McFadden). But on Friday, the BBC soap confirmed the favourite character would be making a comeback. Alfie (Shane Richie) first joined the soap 20 years ago and became an instant hit with viewers, but his recent appearances saw him making some questionable decisions which landed him in trouble. It's possible he is returning to Walford to get custody of his children after learning they have been in danger thanks to Phil. Kat (Jessie Wallace) has been extremely worried about her children since Phil went to prison because she was targeted with threats. Sam Mitchell (Kim Medcalf) even set things up to look like her son Tommy (Sonny Kendall) was given a bullet by a thug who's after Phil. Perhaps Sam, who is trying to get back at Kat, contacted Alfie to say his children were in danger. Kat herself ended up breaking up with Phil when she thought the risk to her children was becoming too much. Sam has also been stirring the pot to make things appear worse so she can get into Phil's good books and take ownership of his businesses. READ MORE: Garraway slaps down Rayner over Starmer’s ‘fun’ at Wimbledon She hired someone to hand Tommy a bullet as though it were a message from Phil's enemies. "Someone's just handed my son a bullet!" Kat yelled as Sam tried to calm her down. "Yeah, and you having a heart attack's not going to help," Sam replied. "Who would do something like that, he's 11 years old, for God's sake, he's a little kid, I don't believe this," Kat remarked. "I don't believe him," Sam interjected cleverly as Kat asked: "Who?" "Phil!" Sam answered. "This is all because of him, isn't it? "Kat, I meant what I said, I love my brother, I always will, but I'm not blind. "He has screwed up so many lives over the years, not just villains like him, but people who don't deserve it. "This is not just about you anymore, this is about your kids, your family. "For their sake as well as yours, you just, you've got to get out of this. Start all over again." DON'T MISS... Coronation Street theory: Nicky Wheatley returns to team up with Peter [THEORY]Mark Labbett left with head in his hands over Bradley Walsh's joke [VIDEO]Helen Skelton delivers warning as she blasts Britain's 'filthy' rivers [LATEST] Kat eventually decided she would end things with Phil. However, after being informed Phil had died in prison, Kat was filled with regret. The end of Thursday's instalment shocked fans after Phil walked into Peggy's, laughing that he'd managed to get a way out of prison. It seems safe to assume he and Kat will reunite after the shock has worn off for her. With Sam's plan failing, it's possible she will call Alfie and get him to threaten to take the children away from Kat. EastEnders has announced Alfie will make his return in the autumn. His return is bound to turn a few heads, with his past wrongdoings leaving him at odds with a number of people, especially his ex-wife Kat. Kat and Alfie’s fiery relationship has been at the heart of a number of memorable storylines throughout the years, but things finally came to an end for them in 2018 when Kat discovered Alfie was the father of her cousin Hayley Slater’s (Katie Jarvis) baby. Producers have said should keep their eyes peeled in the coming days for a clue of what’s to come. On returning to the soap, Shane said: "It's an absolute honour and privilege to be asked back to my TV home of Albert Square. "I’m looking forward to catching up with some old cast mates and meeting some new ones. "The new exec producer Chris Clenshaw has been instrumental in wanting to bring Alfie Moon back with some wonderful storylines… and who am I to say no?! I can't wait." Chris Clenshaw, executive producer, added: "Shane Richie created one of the most iconic, loveable and most memorable characters in soap, and to welcome him back to Walford is an absolute pleasure. "A lot’s happened since Alfie’s been away from the Square but wherever his floral shirts go you can expect fun, frolics and, of course, the odd porky-pie. "We’re over the moon to have him home." EastEnders continues on Monday at 7.30pm on BBC One.