It was confirmed the UK would be hosting the Eurovision Song Contest in 2023 after Ukraine revealed they wouldn't be able to take on the task. Many regions in the country have been putting in their bids to be the city that hosts the contest, including London, Leeds, Cardiff and Manchester. Former Bucks Fizz singer Cheryl Baker has revealed she hopes it doesn't go to London and would be happy for Cardiff to take the reigns. BBC Breakfast hosts Jon Kay and Sally Nugent were joined by Cheryl and this year's presenter Scott Mills to discuss the event. Sally began: "This year, a whopping 161 million people tuned in to watch Ukraine win the Eurovision song contest, and for the UK Sam Ryder, he came second." Jon continued: "Sadly, the war means that Ukraine is unable to hold next year's event, so there has been a bit of speculation over the last few weeks, but we now know. "Those hosting duties have now been passed onto us in the UK, and already cities across the country are competing to host it." READ MORE: Harry and Meghan 'not showing love' claims royal author Levin Sally added: "London Mayor Sadiq Khan tweeted that the UK capital 'would be honoured to put on a contest that celebrates the people of Ukraine and shows off the very best of Britain'. "We are joined now by Cheryl Baker, who, of course, won the Eurovision song contest with Bucks Fizz in 1981, and presenter Scott Mills. Cheryl I am going to come to you first, where do you think it should go?" Cheryl revealed: "It needs to go to a city where there is an international airport, where they have got a venue that is big enough. "Where there are enough hotels, so anyone of those would work. I think it would be nice if it didn't go to London, it would be nice if it went to a regional. "I think it I fancy Cardiff, like you say, the land of song!" Sally asked: "And how significant is it for the event to just come to the UK at all?" "I think it is fantastic," Cheryl exclaimed. "It is just the biggest musical extravaganza in the world, and it happens once a year, and it is coming to the UK. "I think actually as well, we came second to the Ukraine, it kind of makes sense that it comes here than anywhere else obviously, it can't go to Ukraine. DON'T MISS...Charlotte Hawkins blasts cost of Eurovision ‘Don’t have THAT much' [WATCH]Eurovision Song Contest 2023: How and when can you get tickets? [INSIGHT]Where will the Eurovision Song Contest 2023 take place? [ANALYSIS] "I think it would be lovely for us to host it on behalf of Ukraine as long as Ukraine are completely involved, as long as their presenters, we are giving them the shell to do it, in my opinion. "Their production team and their presenters and everything should be totally involved, we are just giving them the venue to use that is what I think." According to bookmaker Ladbrokes, Glasgow has 8/11 odds to host the contest, with London and Manchester closely following behind at 5/1. This year, Ukraine and its entry Kalush Orchestra won the contest after they performed their track Stefania whilst their country was under attack from Russia and its President Vladimir Putin. In a statement, the BBC’s director-general Tim Davie said: “It is a matter of great regret that our colleagues and friends in Ukraine are not able to host the 2023 Eurovision Song Contest. “Being asked to host the largest and most complex music competition in the world is a great privilege. “The BBC is committed to making the event a true reflection of Ukrainian culture alongside showcasing the diversity of British music and creativity.” BBC Breakfast airs everyday from 6am on BBC One.