Joan Collins, 89, has sparked concern amongst her fans as she shared a throwback picture from her Monaco trip. The award-winning actress told her fans that she had since been rushed to hospital after having a "trapped nerve" in her leg. Dame Joan took to Instagram to share a picture of herself posing on a yacht in happier times, in view of her 278,000 followers. The Hollywood actress put on a leggy display in white shorts, teamed with a blue and white shirt. However, Dynasty star Joan took to the caption to share some heartbreaking news to her loyal followers. She penned: "Enjoying a great day out, one week before I had to go to the Princess Grace Hospital in Monaco for a trapped nerve in my leg. READ MORE: Novak Djokovic's wife addresses marriage ahead of Wimbledon "Not fun! But they were great! "#monaco #princessgracehospital #princessgrace #hospital #trappednerve #funinthesun #imonaboat." Many social media users rushed to the comments to share their support and wish Joan a speedy recovery. Kentocallaghan said: "Beautiful as always! Sorry to hear about your trapped nerve. "I believe it’s very painful. Hope you’re feeling better now." Christopherveramo added: "Sending you positive thoughts on a speedy recovery!" Jeffreymoorer55 commented: "Beautiful picture Queen. Joan Collins glad you're okay, Happy Monday." The award-winning actress has been posting countless pictures of her Monaco getaway, with fans constantly complimenting her ageless beauty. DON'T MISS... Rosie Huntington-Whiteley wows in figure-hugging dress at Wimbledon [WIMBLEDON] Lorraine Kelly, 62, forced to miss ITV show as she shares health woes [ITV] Coleen Nolan wows in blue as son marries fiancée in 'perfect’ ceremony [PICS] Last week, Dame Joan was sure to turn heads as she walked the streets of Saint-Tropez. The Land of the Pharaohs actress looked amazing as she showed off her ample assets with a blue and white shirt. She accompanied the shirt with a pair of small white shorts, showing off her toned pins. The Hollywood star sat surrounded by her friends with her legs crossed, looking at the camera. She accompanied the chic ensemble with a white Chanel baseball cap and large blue shades. For accessories, Joan wore large gold earrings, along with matching bangles and a watch. Joan captioned the picture: "It’s a hard life but some of us got to do it! "With brother Bill & @rene_horsch #hardlife #boat #friends #sainttropez."