Joanne, who famously played maid Anna Smith in Downton Abbey recently made her debut in the BBC's new crime series, Sherwood. The actress played Sarah Vincent in the programme, a campaigner hoping to become a local councillor. Sarah was also married to Neel Fisher, who was portrayed by Bally Gill. The BBC drama, which is available to watch on BBC iPlayer, is based on two real-life murders that shook the Nottinghamshire mining village of Annesley Woodhouse back in 2004. At the time, the killings sparked a massive manhunt in Nottinghamshire Speaking in a Q&A with Express.co.uk and other press, the Angela Black star spoke about what drew her to the series. She went on to discuss how fans would react to her new role away from Downton Abbey. READ MORE: Stranger Things' Joseph Quinn pays tribute to 'extraordinary' co-star Speaking of her experience on set, Joanne beamed: "It was incredible. "I mean... wow what an ensemble cast and, you know, I don't want to embarrass James but it always comes down to being drawn to a fantastic script. "And, you know, this isn't just a fantastic script, it just has so much more meaning to it in so many ways. "And Lewis Arnold our lead director just did such a fantastic job and you know, when we filmed the wedding scene, I sort of went, 'This is a good gang, isn't it? I am in this gang, this is great'. "So, I was just thrilled to be a part of it, thrilled to be part of this story and also to be to be on this team." When asked how she would describe the BBC drama, the Liar star said: "Heartfelt, important and complex." “I honestly didn't think about that,” Joanne added when asked about how Downton Abbey fans would react to her character in Sherwood. “You don’t really think about that when you're filming, simply because as David [Morrissey] was saying, he explained about doing an accent and you do the same thing with your lines you know, you try and create a character to the best of your ability. DON'T MISS...Duchess of Cornwall’s sister admits ‘I’ve not forgiven her’  [VIDEO]Eamonn Holmes opens up on biggest TV regret [INSIGHT]Death in Paradise's Ben Miller speaks out on return as Richard Poole [NEWS] “And when you're on set that's a kind of special time [and] you don't really think about as an actor how the outside world is going to perceive it. “But in terms of how I think this would be perceived internationally, I just think it's an incredibly insightful drama and incredibly complex. “[It’s] politically charged, and emotionally charged subject matter that I think is universal because we all as humans, love to hear and learn about other communities and about other countries. “And so, you know, really the human element is what connects us and I think the show has all of that and more." Speaking about what research she did for her role as Sarah, the Liar actress admitted she was too young to have an understanding of the Miners' Strike. She said: "For me, I was coming from a slightly different angle because obviously, my character is the generation so obviously as you've seen, my character is striving to be the Tory councillor. So you could say she's an antagonist in the story. "But so for me being four years old in 1984, I was obviously too young to have any possible understanding of what was happening. "But even at that young age, I have vague memories of seeing news footage because my parents and family were constantly watching it and it was very prevalent in my childhood." Sherwood is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.