The Royal Family is understood to be nervous about Prince Harry's upcoming memoir, which has reportedly been signed off by the publishers. Prince Charles tried to ask Harry about the memoir during his brief stopover in April, en route to the Invictus Games. Royal expert Neil Sean claims a "very good source" told him that "Harry refused to talk about what he put down in his book" during the meeting. This led Charles to allegedly "ice" his younger son and stop the meeting after just ten minutes. The memoir, published by Penguin Random House, is expected to debut this winter - just in time for the Thanksgiving and Christmas gift market. Mr Sean said: "We know that Prince Charles spent very little time with his son Prince Harry. "Charles wanted to have a one-to-one chat but that ended up being a very brief meeting." JUST IN: Prince Harry and Meghan will be forced to 'give up' royal titles  He continued: "According to a very good source, allegedly, Prince Harry refused to detail anything about his forthcoming memoir to Prince Charles. "The big sticking point this year, being the Queen's Platinum Jubilee and the 75th year of Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall, Charles doesn't want any negativity. "According to that good source, Harry refused to talk about what he put down in his book and how this will pan out. "It has been pushed back, and Charles will have to wait and see like the rest of us."  Mr Sean added: "The fact they are remaining so tight-lipped means there have to be some bombshells in the memoir. "Charles then iced his younger son with a very short meeting. "He wanted to have a mature, adult conversation about what the book will contain, and whether the royals should be concerned about anything." DON'T MISS: 'In a lot of trouble' Putin braces for defeat amid Kherson battle [INTERVIEW]Putin humiliated: Flawed Russian tactics brutally exposed in Ukraine [VIDEO]Harry and Meghan urged to ‘stay away’ from Balmoral [POLL]  However, it is thought that the pair were on better terms during Harry's visit for the Jubilee. A royal source claimed that the Prince of Wales and his granddaughter Lilibet had a "very emotional" first meeting during the Jubilee weekend. Charles was "absolutely thrilled" by the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's visit with their daughter and son Archie, according to the source. Lilibet celebrated her first birthday on the family's trip to the UK from California, where it would have also been the first opportunity for the Queen to meet her great-granddaughter and namesake, for the first time. READ NEXT: Beatrice and Eugenie’s incredible fortune explored'Very own Sporty Spice!' Kate turns heads as she steps out in PlymouthPrince George's 'comfortable' outings tailored by William and KatePrincess Anne's two engagement rings had 'meaningful symbolism' 'Like Mummy!' Charlotte sends royal fans into meltdown in new pictures 