J Alphonse Nicholson has been involved in some heartbreaking scenes as of late in P-Valley as Lil Murda. The Starz drama saw him lose one of his closest friends in season two, as well as face his ongoing internal battle he has regarding his sexuality. Here's everything Express.co.uk knows about Nicholson's net worth. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from P-Valley.J Alphonse Nicholson is one of the leading actors in Starz's P-Valley as rapper and Uncle Clifford's (played by Nicco Annan) love interest Lil Murda. But long before Nicholson took on this role, he was invested in pursuing his love of music, having been raised by musicians. He worked as a street drummer for a time prior to discovering his passion for acting and signed up to a theatre programme run by the North Carolina Central University. Since then, Nicholson hasn't looked back as he has landed himself a plethora of parts. READ MORE: Duchess of Cornwall hits back at ‘royal racist’ claims Nicholson has been in shows like Blue Bloods, Chicago PD, The Blacklist and Mr Robot. He has also won himself a role in They Cloned Tyrone, a sci-fi comedy starring Jamie Fox and John Boyega. As well as his acting work, Nicholson is a brand ambassador for Ball Family Farms, an LA-based company that sells quality cannabis. The actor has also had partnership deals working for Nike and Target. Bearing all of his work in mind, it has been reported that Nicholson is worth around $900,000. Distractify also predicts this figure is likely to triple in 2022 thanks to P-Valley and his other upcoming projects. Unfortunately, it isn't clear just how much he earns from the stripper drama alone. The show hasn't made this detail public for Nicholson and the rest of its cast. DON'T MISS...Naga Munchetty issues apology after laughing at cancer quip [EXPLAINER]Harry and Meghan ‘to avoid' William and Kate at Balmoral [ROYAL]P-Valley’s Uncle Clifford star opens up on Hailey fall-out [CAST] Lil Murda has had a tricky time as of late due to the unexpected death of Big Teak (John Clarence Stewart). He was the rapper's security guard, ex-boyfriend and friend who still held a candle for Lil Murda. So when Big Teak saw his true love moving on with Uncle Clifford, he couldn't stand the thought of being abandoned once again. Big Teak ended up killing himself in front of Lil Murda who was left devastated by the traumatic ordeal. P-Valley will return for season two, episode eight, on Sunday, July 31, on Starz. Few details have been released so far on what it will be about with only the cryptic synopsis to go by. The description reads: "Some folks across Chucalissa fight for what’s theirs, while others struggle to accept the things they can’t change." P-Valley season 2 continues every Sunday on Starz in America and Starzplay via Amazon Prime Video in the UK.