Nick Findlay says his dream house, which he moved into earlier this year, has turned into a nightmare. The 30-year-old, who lives with his partner and her two children, decided to upsize to give themselves more space as they hope to have a child together in the future.  The family made the switch from Kidsgrove, Staffordshire, to a four-bedroom house at Hollington Grange in Fegg Hayes, Stoke-on-Trent. But Nick claims there have been a number of problems with the £230,000 house and is still waiting for snag checks to be carried out by developer Keepmoat Homes, reports StokeonTrentLive. Issues Nick highlighted include "poor" plasterwork, a dip in the garage roof and a front door that does not fit its frame, which he says leads to wind blowing into the living room. He also claims an extractor hood - which he paid extra for - has been fitted incorrectly. A spokesperson for Keepmoat Homes has said that it is in regular contact with the family and is "working on a timeline" to resolve the issues. Nick says moving house has been "stressful enough" without the added problems. He said: "After seven days they should come around to do a snag list and make repairs within the first two weeks, which they haven’t done. "It’s really poor workmanship throughout the house. It’s always us chasing Keepmoat for snags and what’s happening. "We kicked up a massive fuss and I’m aware they have had directors on-site due to complaints. I’m having workmen turn up to my door when both me and my partner work full-time. "No one is in so we can’t let them in, the communication is very poor. I paid a lot of money and am still having issues with it months after moving in." He added: "When I started painting the living room all I could see was waves in the plaster. They’ve had to come to replaster the house because the plaster work is really poor - I’ve got bare plastered walls. "As an apology, they said they were going to get a painter and decorator to paint for us, I thought 'that’s fine'. I’ve since been contacted by them to tell me they can’t get hold of a painter and decorator on their books. "I’m having to get a quote myself to send to them and then they will pay me the money. It’s unbelievable. I feel let down and disappointed. We moved into a new build, there shouldn’t be this many issues. "They’ve done a very lazy job. I would like some response from Keepmoat to give me a valid reason on why it’s taken so long for these jobs to be done." A spokesperson for Keepmoat Homes said: "We are in regular contact with our customer in an effort to agree on a timeline to resolve their outstanding issues. "We apologise for any inconvenience this has caused."