Tottenham boss Antonio Conte is reportedly 'prepared' to sign yet another player this transfer window after the arrival of Clement Lenglet marked incoming No 5 in north London. The Italian is reportedly in the market for Villarreal defender Pau Torres, with the Spaniard being a long-term target of the Premier League club. Lenglet joined the club on Friday in a one-year-loan deal to mark yet another superb arrival for Spurs. But having already signed Richarlison, Ivan Perisic, Yves Bissouma and Fraser Forster so far this summer, Conte looks set to continue his spending. With the north Londoners aiming to compete for domestic and continental honours this term, squad depth is very much needed. And with that in mind, the Daily Mail suggest that despite the signing of the Barcelona star, Torres could also be targeted in a bid to add to an already star-studded squad. The report states that Spurs are delighted with the acquisition of Lenglet's services, but that they are prepared to bring in another defensive option. Torres is supposedly a possibility given the Lilywhites' qualification for the Champions League, whilst Villarreal would not be able to offer the same wages as one of the Premier League's richest clubs.  Having missed out on Josko Gvardiol and Alessandro Bastoni so far this summer, Torres could be a more realistic addition. Djed Spence is also being targeted and a deal is 'still on', although with two right-wing-backs and some deadwood to shift, that move has been put on hold so far. Lenglet meanwhile could not hide his delight about joining up with Conte's men, claiming he was 'hungry' for a new start. “I’m very happy to be here, to be in this city, at this club,” Lenglet told Tottenham's website. “I speak with friends, with my family, to take my decision and all the words were very, very good speaking about the club.  “I’m very excited to start the season with my new team-mates, new stadium, new city. For me, all is new, but I’m hungry. "I want to play, I want to be the best soccer player to help the team to win trophies and to fight in all the competitions."