Mr Johnson was applauded by Tories as he made his last appearance as Prime Minister at the weekly fixture. While many Conservatives gifted him with a standing ovation to thank him for his efforts in Government, Ms May seemed reluctant to join in. After eventually standing up, she did not clap, instead crossing her arms and clinching her hands together. Just three years after entering No10, the 58-year-old leader closed off his final moment at the despatch box by saying: "We've transformed our democracy and restored our national independence as my Rt Hon friend says. "I've helped get this country through a pandemic and help save another country from barbarism. "And frankly that's enough to be getting on with. Mission largely accomplished, for now." READ MORE: Johnson ‘wants Truss to win election’ Addressing Sir Lindsay Hoyle, he added: "I want to thank you, Mr Speaker, I want to thank all the wonderful staff of the House of Commons, I want to thank all my friends and colleagues, I want to thank my friend opposite, Mr Speaker, I want to thank everybody here. And hasta la vista, baby." And then, Conservative MPs rose to their feet and clapped as he left the Chamber. But not Ms May. Footage of the MP for Maidenhead cheerfully dancing at the Henley Festival in Oxfordshire went viral earlier this month. What struck some viewers was the timing of her happy moves, as the former prime minister, who was also forced out of Downing Street, attended the event right after Mr Johnson announced his resignation. Former Labour MP Jim Murphy, who was at the festival too, caught Ms May on camera and said in a tweet he later deleted: "We all have different ways to celebrate Boris Johnson's demise." Shortly after Mr Johnson's final PMQs, Sir Graham Brady, chairman of the 1922 Committee of backbenchers, announced that Rishi Sunak and Liz Truss had made it to the run-off to decide the Conservative Party's next leader. The race is now down to the former Chancellor and the Foreign Secretary – and Mr Johnson had some advice for whoever wins the contest. DON'T MISSTories panic party to be DESTROYED in Rishi v Truss leadership race [INISGHT]EU try to BULLY Britain over Brexit with next PM [REPORT]'Hasta la vista baby' - Boris signs off in style from PMQs [VIDEO] He said: "I want to use the last few seconds to give some words of advice to my successor, whomever he or she may be. "Stay close to the Americans, stick up for the Ukrainians, stick up for freedom and democracy everywhere. "Cut taxes and deregulate wherever you can to make this the greatest place to live and invest, which it is." "I love the Treasury but remember that if we'd always listened to the Treasury we wouldn't have built the M25 or the Channel Tunnel." Turning to his common use of metaphors, he added: "Focus on the road ahead but always remember to check the rear view mirror. "And remember, above all, it's not Twitter that counts, it's the people that sent us here." Mr Sunak released a video thanking his supporters and saying he is "the only candidate" now who can beat Labour leader Keir Starmer at the next election. Ms Truss, meanwhile, expressed her "excitement" to "hit the ground running from day one" with her "bold new economic plan that will cut taxes, grow our economy and unleash the potential of everyone in our United Kingdom".