The extra sunshine sparked a growth spurt for strawberries and cherries across the country, including in Kent, Norfolk, Lancashire, Scotland and Herefordshire. Alastair Brooks, managing director of Langdon Manor farm, near Faversham, Kent, said the weather from early spring through to the heatwave had provided perfect berrygrowing conditions. He said: "Following a mild, settled spring, we have experienced prolonged sunshine, extra daylight and very little rain in the past few weeks. "This has resulted in an abundance of healthy, perfectly ripe, extra sweet strawberries. "After a wet jubilee weekend, we are excited to be able to finally celebrate the British strawberry season." Tesco has stepped in to help prevent waste by selling 1kg boxes at a discounted price. Mr Brooks added: "With a few extra tons of strawberries being available, we are thankful for Tesco's support. "It allows us to minimise wastage and get more of the very best, high quality and nutritious Driscoll's Zara strawberries packed, picked and distributed to stores ready for people to enjoy."  Tesco berries buying manager Laura Mitchell said: "British shoppers are going through a tough time and if there's something that can put a big smile on faces right now, it's being able to buy sweet, lush British strawberries for less than the normal price. "The heatwave has brought on the strawberries faster than expected, with many growers seeing production that's about 10 to 15 percent higher than normal for this time of year. "We're very happy to help out our British growers." The 1kg boxes of strawberries will go on sale at more than 750 Tesco stores across Britain at a discounted price of £4. Currently, a 400g box costs £2 at the supermarket. Kilo boxes of cherries will be sold for £5 at 850 stores. Regular 400g punnets of cherries cost £3, so to buy 1kg would normally cost £7.50. Last year, shoppers bought more than 87,000 tons of British strawberries. The industry is worth more than £769million to the British economy, according to figures released by data analysts Kantar. 