Manchester United are closing in on the £46million signing of Lisandro Martinez after Ajax finally decided they are willing to see the central defender. The Red Devils have been in talks with their Amsterdam counterparts over a deal for several weeks now after deciding to hijack Arsenal's proposed move for the 24-year-old. Erik ten Hag wants to reunite with his former player at Old Trafford, where he will be tasked with solidifying the Red Devils' leaky defence. United's latest bid is believed to be worth £46m including add-ons and now Ajax are ready to accept, according to The Mirror. It's claimed Ajax have conceded they can no longer prevent the player from pursuing his dream move to the Premier League. The report also claims that the arrival of Martinez is set to trigger the departures of Eric Bailly, Axel Tuanzebe and Phil Jones. READ MORE: Ajax 'respond' to improved £43m Man Utd transfer offer for Lisandro Martinez Bailly impressed in Tuesday's 4-0 thrashing of Liverpool in Bangkok, playing a crucial part in Facundo Pellistri's second-half goal. Fulham have made enquiries for the Ivory Coast international but he wants to fight for his place with Manchester United. Tuanzebe spent the second half of last season on loan at Napoli following an underwhelming return to Aston Villa. Meanwhile, Jones did not travel with the United squad to Thailand for their pre-season tour as he continues his own training regime at Carrington. DON'T MISS MORE UNITED GOSSIPErik ten Hag 'overruled Man Utd recruitment team' on separate signing to Lisandro MartinezAjax 'respond' to improved £43m Man Utd transfer offer for Lisandro MartinezBarcelona 'want Man City signing' before selling Man Utd Frenkie de Jong as new price set Arsenal have since taken a backseat during the race and have accepted that Martinez would favour joining United due to his relationship with Ten Hag. Ajax and United are due to meet on Wednesday and the two clubs are expected to work towards an agreement. The Eredivisie champions have already begun work on finding Martinez's replacement. Talks are underway over the signing of defender Mykola Matviyenko of Shakhtar Donetsk, who was previously tracked by Brentford. Klaas-Jan Huntelaar, who now works as part of the technical organisation at Ajax, was pictured with Matviyenko's agent on Tuesday. Earlier in the window, United had looked at other centre-back targets including Pau Torres and Jurrien Timber. But they have now decided to take their manager's word and push ahead with a move for the versatile defender, who can also play at left-back or in holding midfield.