Fresh after claiming one of golf's greatest honours, Cam Smith discovered the life of a major-winner comes with excess baggage. In the most literal sense of the phrase, too, after the 150th Open champion appeared to struggle loading the Claret Jug onto his flight. Smith wasn't born when Greg Norman clinched the second of his two Open titles in 1993, bringing some added significance to Sunday's triumph at St. Andrews. The Brisbane native sat four strokes off the lead heading into the fourth round but completed a late turnaround to pip Rory McIlroy and Cameron Young to the crown. His $2.5million (£2.1m) winnings in Fife didn't quite match the $3.6m (£3m) payday he received for winning the Players Championship earlier this year. But Smith courted praise for flying in what appeared to be economy class following the most significant victory of his career to date. That's after images of the 28-year-old struggling to cram what appears to be a trophy chest into his overhead compartment did the rounds on Monday. It appeared to be a futile attempt, with the bulky item looking far too hefty to fit in its intended destination. READ MORE Tiger Woods explains tears at The Open as golf icon confirms he's not planning retirement  The photo in question was uploaded by Judge Ken Wise—a Texas historian and Justice for the state's 14th Court of Appeals—from Edinburgh Airport. Wise—who is a keen golfer—documented his trip to St. Andrews over the weekend and had a chance encounter with the first-time major-winner leaving Scotland's capital. Smith—currently based in Jacksonville, Florida—was lauded by some social media users, many of whom were incredulous at the fact he was flying commercial. Others were quick to question why private jet comany NetJets, for whom Smith is an ambassador, didn't provide their athlete with another means of travel. It seems only fitting a trophy designed in jug has its maximum volume put to the test, and Smith pledged to do just that with a few beers following his major win. And the Aussie provided an update on Monday as he told his 278,000 Instagram followers: "Hey guys, I guess everyone's been asking the question of how many beers fit in the Claret Jug. It's pretty much exactly two. Yeah, had a good night last night." DON'T MISS Justin Thomas tells Shane Lowry to 'shut the f**k up' in 18th-hole exchange Rory McIlroy wife and net worth: How much The Open leader worth and who is his wife? LIV golfer Ian Poulter bites back at question over being booed at The Open - 'Not true'    Although the champion's face isn't visible in the picture, most golf enthusiasts would recognise the Queenslander by his signature mullet hairstyle. Smith—who has climbed to No. 2 in the world rankings and is the latest high-profile name to be linked with a move to the Saudi-funded LIV Golf Series—attracted plaudits for his Open display. The carefree character opened his major account with a final score of 20-under par, matching Tiger Woods' all-time record score at The Open. Another couple of victories of that value may mean it's not long until he starts opting for more private methods of travel.