The iconic actress enjoyed a career spanning more than 50 years, and is best known for her work in movies such as Death on the Nile and What Ever Happened to Baby Jane? As a rising star through the early Hollywood years, it's not a surprise that her life and career was under much scrutiny, with the industry often focusing on how she had "the wrong look" to be an actress. Speaking in a 1972 interview with Joan Bakewell, she opened up about the impact it had on her, stating she was left "heartbroken". At one point, Joan commented: "How dare those Hollywood moguls, at the time when you first went from New York to Hollywood, suggest that you couldn't be as sexy and glamorous as any other star?" Bette replied: "Well, according to their standards I wasn't, you see. "Now this was really in the very beginning of talking pictures, and all of us who came up from the theatre were not actress kind of people. "You know, we sort of had our own colour hair and maybe a couple of teeth crooked. READ MORE: Gil Birmingham nationality: Where is the Yellowstone star from? "We looked totally different, and they were very, very puzzled. "And off-screen, we didn't go around all dressed up, say like a Harlow or somebody would, you know? "So they just did not understand us at all. "So they called me the little brown wren... but then, finally - you see nobody helps you when you go about make-up or about the camera. "It's a wholly new profession, really. And finally, they find out the best way to wear your hair, they put makeup on you that does the best for you. "It's just a slow process of getting to look on the screen what you really thought you looked like in life!" The actress continued: "I thought I was fairly attractive, until I got to Hollywood. But I didn't for very long." "But you did have to fight off all their attempts to glamorise you in their terms?" Joan stated. DON'T MISS... EastEnders theory: Couple torn apart as Jay Brown begins affair [THEORY]Strictly's Johannes Radebe opens up on fears about show [VIDEO]BBC Breakfast host's stark heatwave warning 'Please, please take care' [LATEST] "Oh yes, yes," Bette answered. "Hepburn, Margaret Sullivan and I were the three who really fought it. "Although when I went to Warner's they made me really bleach my hair." "But it was the factory getting to work, because they even suggested changing your name, didn't they?" Joan asked. "Oh yes, they wanted to call me Bettina Dawes," she grinned, adding: "To be a little vulgar in this illustrious group, I said, 'I refuse to be called between the drawers all my life!'"  Talking about the impact these things had on her, Bette confessed: "Heartbreak. It was absolute heartbreak." She continued: "I remember sitting in the outer office of Mr Laemmle, he was talking to somebody about me, not knowing I was there. "And he said, 'Yeah she's got as much sex appeal as Slim Summerville.' "And I was defeated. And for instance, they would say, 'Who wants to get her at the end of the picture?' "And this really does catastrophic things to your ego, and I didn't have a lot of ego, never have had lots anyway." Talking Pictures is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.