In the fourth round of voting in the Tory leadership contest, Ms Badenoch had 59 votes, Penny Mordaunt had 92 votes, Rishi Sunak had 118 votes and Ms Truss had 86 votes. The Foreign Secretary has spent the last 24 hours fighting to keep her campaign alive. There were fears of her bid being thwarted if enough Tory MPs threw their weight behind Ms Badenoch. However, in the end, Ms Badenoch only gained one vote on her total in yesterday's ballot of MPs. Meanwhile, Ms Truss gained the backing of an extra 15 of her colleagues to leave her just one step away from the final vote. She picked up the most momentum out of all of the candidates overnight with Ms Mordaunt increasing her share by 10 and Mr Sunak gaining just an extra three votes. Ms Truss is now favourite to face Mr Sunak in the head-to-head competition. READ MORE ON OUR TORY LEADERSHIP LIVE BLOG The South West Norfolk MP spent today seeking to win the support of those who voted for Tom Tugendhat last night before he was ousted from the contest. A former army officer, Mr Tugendhat is one of the most outspoken members of parliament on the threat of Russia and China. Ms Truss this morning pledged to move defence spending up to three percent of GDP by the end of the decade She said: "We live in an increasingly dangerous world where the threat level is higher than a decade ago, and we need a stronger deterrent to face down those threats and ensure Britain leads on the global stage. "Ultimately, that requires more resources. My number one priority is keeping this country safe and people can trust me to do that." Ms Badenoch was cut from the contest despite a new survey of Conservative members by YouGov suggesting she would beat both Ms Truss and Rishi Sunak if she made it into the final two.   POLL: Who should be the next Prime Minister? The poll found Ms Badenoch would beat Ms Truss by 46 percent to 43 percent, while she would beat Mr Sunak by 56 percent to 34 percent. Ms Badenoch won over admirers in the party for her tough stance on woke, and her desire to unite the party on Brexit. Aged 42, she was little known to the public before the Tory leadership contest began. The Saffron Walden MP has never been in the Cabinet and only became an MP in 2017. After being knocked out tonight, she said: "I’m grateful to my colleagues and the party members who have supported me. "This campaign began less than two weeks ago. What we’ve achieved demonstrates the level of support for our vision of change for our country and for the Conservative Party. Thank you." DON'T MISS:Penny Mordaunt bid to re-energise polls in poignant video [WATCH]‘I’ll serve under any leader’ Gove outlines hopes of Cabinet return [UPDATE]Ex-Tory MP warns against 'underestimating' Brexiteer Penny Mordaunt [INSIGHT] Ms Truss was seen as one of the frontrunners to replace Boris Johnson before the contest got underway but then struggled to gain many public supporters. Ms Mordaunt has remained in second place throughout the contest with Ms Truss desperately attempting to keep pace.  A tussle between the remaining three candidates will now take place in a frantic bid to win the support of those who had previously backed Ms Badenoch. It is unlikely many will opt to support Ms Mordaunt with the two camps having repeatedly clashed on transgender issues during the campaign. In a tense TV debate clash last Friday night, Ms Badenoch clashed with Ms Mordaunt on a claim about whether she had supported a policy of self-identification for transgender people when she had been equalities minister. "I didn't work with Penny, but my understanding was that the previous minister who had done the role had wanted self-ID, and that was something that I reversed," she said. Ms Mordaunt retorted, saying: "That is not correct and this will all be on record in Government."  Ms Badenoch replied: "It is on record." Despite their disagreements, in a statement this evening, Ms Mordaunt heaped praise on her axed rival. She said: "I want to pay tribute to my friend Kemi Badenoch who electrified the leadership contest with her fresh thinking and bold policies. "She and I both know that the old way of Government isn't working as it should. Voters want change and we owe it to them to offer a bold new vision for this country. "Kemi's passion for this showed and I'm glad she put herself forward to be heard." Tomorrow the field will be cut again to the final two at which point a month of campaigning across the country will take place. The wider Conservative membership will then cast their vote for who they want to lead the party out of the finalists, with Mr Johnson replaced at the helm on September 5. 