Buckingham Palace is a major tourist attraction and has been the London home of Britain’s monarchs since 1837. Speaking on the latest episode of Royal Beat, The Sun's former royal editor Duncan Larcombe discussed how a "lump of stone" had previously fallen off of the palace and had "nearly landed on Princess Anne", sparking the need for a renovation. Mr Larcombe said: "I remember covering the royal finances a few years ago when they actually revealed that a lump of stone had fallen off Buckingham Palace and nearly landed on Princess Anne. "So obviously it's in need of renovation." He added: "[and] that's going to be expensive". Regarding the ongoing debate as to whether the Royal Family is "value for money", Mr Larcombe said: "Sixty-four percent of the British public effectively think the royals are good value for money. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Kate and Prince William make new hire to tackle the 'p***ed off prince' "There's not a President in America that's enjoyed 64 percent [vote]. He added: "As long as those sort of figures are talked about, it doesn't matter how much the Royal Family costs. "I think the British public thinks it's worth spending the money". There has been an ongoing debate about the Royal Family's spending, particularly during the current cost-of-living crisis. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry walk straight into trap as Archie and Lilibet now 'valuable prey' in US The Royal Family stated that this year’s £86.3 million Sovereign Grant is equivalent to £1.29 per person in the UK. The grant is set each year based on the highest of the previous year’s grant or twenty-five percent of the Crown Estate’s profits. This will be fixed at £86.3million for the next two years. DON'T MISS Kate sends Wimbledon crowd wild as she steps out to cheer [REVEAL] Will and Kate cheer on Norrie to glory in Wimbledon Royal Box [INSIGHT] David Walliams baffles fans with Wimbledon seats near Kate and William [SPOTLIGHT] Royal expert Richard Fitzwilliams spoke on BBC Breakfast last month. He said that the Royal Family is crucial from a "ceremonial point of view", adding that there's "nothing else to compare it to". He explained: “There isn't anything else to compare it to, other than the other Royal Families throughout the world, I think there are 27 in all. If you look at the profile of ours, you haven't got any equal.” READ NEXT: