Having high blood pressure means the force at which your heart pumps blood around your body is higher than it should be. And the resistance to the blood flow in the vessels will also be higher. This puts extra strain on your organs including the blood vessels, heart, brain, kidneys and eyes. If this strain is consistent it can result in: Certain foods are well documented to raise or reduce blood pressure - such as salt - or sodium, which should be avoided. One expert advised drinking eight glasses of water every day. READ MORE: Pain: The simple and free trick that may effectively reduce pain and suffering - new study  Doctor and MD at oliolusso.com, Monika Wassermann, told Express.co.uk: “As a holistic nutritionist, I always advise my clients to take eight glasses of water daily and for a good reason. “You see, water helps detoxifies the blood (removing toxins and wastes), including excess sodium that heightens the risk of high blood pressure.” Another drink known to help with high blood pressure - which is also known as hypertension - is cranberry juice. Monika explained: “Cranberry juice is loaded with vitamin C (an antioxidant).   “I bet you know the role of this nutrient in our body. If you are not attached to the nutrition world, antioxidants help combat inflammation, promote blood flow and relax blood vessels. “All these have a positive effect on your blood pressure levels.” She also advised on some foods to reduce blood pressure. “Fatty fish (think: salmon, tuna, trout, sardines, herring, and mackerel) are a good source of omega-3 fatty acids,” she said. Read more: Cancer warning: Cured bacon might be BANNED in the UK over tumour health risk  “You may not know this, but omega-3 fatty acids are a type of good fat that combat systemic inflammation and reduces oxylipins (blood-vessels constricting products) levels, helping you achieve healthy blood pressure levels. Monika added: “One undisputed fact is that beans and lentils are a good source of dietary fibre, magnesium, and potassium.” According to the NHS, you might be more at risk of having high blood pressure if you:  Blood pressure is measured by two numbers, the systolic pressure (the higher number) and diastolic pressure (lower). Systolic pressure is the force at which your heart pumps blood around your body. And the diastolic pressure is the resistance to the blood flow in the blood vessels. Generally, high blood pressure is considered to be 140/90 millimetres of mercury (mmHg) or higher (or 150/90mmHg or higher if you're over the age of 80). 