Liverpool hero Danny Murphy has questioned why Joe Gomez has signed a new contract at Anfield. Gomez penned an extension to his deal on Thursday to keep him on Merseyside until 2027. The England international missed much of last season due to injury and struggled for game time when he was fit. Gomez made just four Premier League starts and was often used at right-back when Trent Alexander-Arnold was rested or unavailable. Ibrahima Konate and Joel Matip were the two preferred centre-back partners for Jurgen Klopp. But Gomez has been convinced to commit his long-term future to the Reds. Murphy believes it is a "great signing" by Klopp to keep hold of Gomez. But he has questioned the 25-year-old for not considering his options. Murphy told talkSPORT: "From Liverpool's perspective, great signing. Very good at his job, good enough to play top-level football. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd fresh £45m bid, De Jong picks Chelsea move, Arsenal £6m offer  "From his perspective, I'm surprised. I'm surprised. I get why you don't want to leave such a brilliant club that's winning everything, but if you're not going to play... "The evidence last season was that Matip and Konate are ahead of him. He's obviously had a conversation with Jurgen Klopp who has reassured him and he's going to get games. "But I'm surprised that he maybe hasn't waited another year. If he wants to stay, fine, great, give it a go, don't jump ship early when you're at a great club. "But as it stands, the evidence of last season, he's fourth-choice centre-half." Gomez joined Liverpool from Charlton in 2015. DON'T MISSMan Utd ‘have agreed majority of Frenkie de Jong transfer deal’ as last hurdle emergesErik ten Hag 'overruled Man Utd recruitment team' on separate signing to Lisandro MartinezPep Guardiola has pulled off two Man City transfers more impressive than Erling Haaland  He has made 142 appearances for the club but has suffered a number of serious injuries during his spell. Speaking to the official Liverpool website, Gomez explained why he put pen to paper on a new deal. He said: “It's obviously a special moment for me and my family. Another one that you dream of as a kid and one I don't take for granted. “Obviously, I have been here quite a while now, but in the grand scheme of things I still feel young and, like you say, the best years are ahead of me. I have got more to learn and the time to do that. “I think I have the platform here to do it with the manager and the coaching staff around me and my teammates, to make sure the best years are ahead.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here