The Prince of Wales, 73, visited Cornwall earlier this week as Britain’s record-breaking heatwave reached its peak. Prince Charles, who has a long history of campaigning on environmental issues, complained of the “inordinate heat” as the prince and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, greeted well-wishers in the southwest of England. He then commented: "As I have tried to indicate for quite some time, the climate crisis really is a genuine emergency and tackling it is utterly essential – for Cornwall, the country and the rest of the world." He added: "If I may say so, those commitments around net zero have never been more vitally important as we all swelter under today’s alarming, record temperatures across Britain and Europe." But touching on political topics has long been off-limits for Royal Family members, with commenting on climate change tangled up within this strand of royal protocol. However, in an exclusive poll by Techne UK for Express.co.uk, the majority of Brits backed senior royals being able to voice their feelings on political issues, such as climate change. In the poll of 1,629 UK adults between July 20 and July 21, nearly two thirds believed the Royal Family should have the freedom to express their opinions. However, 25 percent of respondents said the royals should stay out of all political issues, including publicising their thoughts on climate change. Out of those polled, 13 percent said they did not know whether the Royal Family should wade into political debate. Prince Charles has been known for his awareness-raising efforts on climate change since the early 1970s. READ MORE: Queen sends heartwarming birthday message to George He previously commented to the BBC: "I had to face a great deal of push back, if I may say so." He added: "Nobody really wanted to know at the time." He said in a pre-recorded address earlier this year that “we are quite literally poisoning ourselves” with human treatment of the environment. He also delivered an impassioned speech at the climate change conference, COP26, in which he called for a “war-like footing” on environmental policy. DON'T MISS: Prince Harry backlash: Popular US TV host issues blistering rant [WATCH] Royal Family LIVE: Queen gives Kate and William vital role [LIVE]   Royal POLL: Should Charles and William conduct a joint reign? [VOTE] But just ahead of COP26, the Prince of Wales told the BBC that he understood why climate change campaigners such as Extinction Rebellion members resorted to tactics such as blocking motorways, even if the methods aren’t “helpful”. He said he was worried that world leaders and diplomats would “just talk” at the conference, and he understood “frustration” at the slow pace of action. He added: “The problem is to get action on the ground.” The future king said: “All these young people feel nothing is ever happening so of course they're going to get frustrated. “I totally understand because nobody would listen and they see their future being totally destroyed.” However, the prince said he “couldn’t possibly comment” on whether Government policy on climate change went far enough to tackle environmental concerns. But his son, Prince William, has also entered the foray of climate change campaigning, launching his Earthshot Prize last year. Prince Harry, who appeared at the United Nations earlier this week, also used his speech to the Assembly to advocate for action. The Duke of Sussex, who is no longer a working member of the Royal Family, said: “Our world is on fire again. And these historic weather events are no longer historic. “More and more, they are part of our daily lives, and this crisis will only grow worse.”