Holidays abroad may seem like an impossible goal for some families due to the cost-of-living crisis meaning they can’t afford to go away, however people do not need to get on an aeroplane to have a good time. There are alternative ways that can still get the family all together during summer for a good time. Research by Nous.co showed more than a third of all families will forgo their annual getaway as they struggle to cope with soaring energy bills.The cost of filling the car, and the rising price of groceries are just some of the many reasons it may seem difficult. Of those who do manage to get a holiday, a quarter will be choosing a cheaper break than usual, and another quarter will be ditching a foreign trip to the sun and staying at home instead. With the UK experiencing some of its hottest days of the year this summer, it’s becoming increasingly common for people to holiday close by to save thousands. READ MORE: National Insurance threshold: State pensioners warned rule change could lower payments “I have the Nous app on my phone so at least I can keep track of my outgoings and know just how much they are going to rise in the next few months. “It means I can make the best choices to keep solvent, even if it means kicking Spain into touch.” Greg Marsh, Nous CEO and founder, said: “It's sad that people are having to cut back on their well-deserved annual holidays. “But, we're proud to be providing a service to help households keep track of their finances, enabling them to get the best deal on everything they can. READ MORE: Savings alert: Provider launches ‘market leading’ account giving 3.10% returns “If they know exactly how their personal cost of living will increase, they can budget accordingly – even if it means making sacrifices.” Mr Marsh has suggested ditching a holiday abroad for one at home as people can save thousands. For a family of four, holidaying abroad to Malaga - including travel, accommodation, food and drink - this will cost almost £3,000 more than a a UK break. Britons can still have a good time away without breaking the bank, and enjoy some time with their families. He estimated that a fortnight self-catering in Malaga, Spain, in the middle of August would be £4,450 compared to a fortnight in Brixham, Devon, at £1,850. This is a total saving of £2,600. Staycations are still popular and for good reason. People can find amazing places to stay at a fraction of the cost of a package holiday on sites like Airbnb or Canopy & Stars. He suggested people could even go camping if they fancy a break on a tight budget.