Manchester United have U-turned on Anthony Martial after Erik ten Hag stepped in, according to reports. The France international had previously been deemed surplus to requirements at Old Trafford. But with Cristiano Ronaldo’s future up in the air, the 26-year-old is now poised to stay put. Manchester United have seen Martial blow hot and cold over the years, ever since his arrival from Monaco back in the summer transfer window of 2015. But he’s looked rejuvenated during pre-season so far, netting three goals from three games. And, now, The Mirror say United will be keeping Martial at the club after Ten Hag stepped in and intervened over his future. It’s stated that, previously, the Red Devils were willing to let the France international go - either permanently or on loan. Yet Ten Hag has now ‘put a block on that’, feeling he can’t afford to lose the 26-year-old this summer. While Ten Hag has said he wants Ronaldo to stay publicly, the forward’s future remains up in the air. Man Utd transfers: Barcelona draw up De Jong punishment plan Real Madrid, as well as Chelsea and Bayern Munich, have ruled themselves out of the race to sign the veteran. But such is Ronaldo’s determination to play in the Champions League that he’s willing to take a 30 per cent pay cut from whoever he moves to next. Martial’s United career looked to be drawing to a close when he was allowed to join Sevilla back in the January transfer window. He struggled during his time in La Liga, netting just once. But with goals against Liverpool, Melbourne Victory and Crystal Palace in pre-season, he’s now set to stay. It’s also claimed Martial, as well as Jadon Sancho and Marcus Rashford, are looking likely to start for United when they lock horns with Brighton in their Premier League opener on August 7. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong Ten Hag is reportedly planning for that match without Ronaldo, who isn’t expected to be match-fit in the event that he stays. The Portugal international is currently off for ‘personal reasons’, instead of his desire to secure a move away. Ten Hag did say earlier this week, though, that he wanted the 37-year-old to stay as he looks to hit the ground running at Old Trafford. “We all know Ronaldo is a top professional and he will be fit, that is the last concern I have,” he stated. “He is training. “I have set my demand. We want to play in a certain way. A top player can contribute and Ronaldo is an absolute top player in our squad. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. “Cristiano is capable of doing that. In his career, he has shown everything. “The players dictate the way you play. Especially players who score goals because they are extremely important for a team. You construct your team around them. “I think we have scoring players and the first two games already showed that.” Regarding Martial, meanwhile, former United star Lee Sharpe thinks the striker is ‘like a £60million signing’ given his pre-season heroics. “I think Martial on his day is unplayable,” said Sharpe. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “I think he’s that good. That’s what frustrates fans, knowing he’s that good but not doing it week-in, week-out. “I don’t know the lad personally so I’m unsure whether he is happy playing out wide, or if he prefers playing as a number nine. “If he wants to be a number nine, and Ten Hag is happy for him to be there, and if Martial puts the work in, then United have a surprise package. “A £50-60m new player if you like because on his day he’s unbelievable with quick feet. He can score goals and create for others and he’s a fantastic talent. “If United get the best of Martial then everybody will be happy.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here