Steph McGovern, 40, has issued a warning to burglars as she jets off for time away from Channel 4’s Packed Lunch. She addressed potential robbers who would dare to enter her home as she took off for a holiday to Las Vegas alongside her partner. In full view of her 98,500 followers, Steph took a snap of herself sitting on the plane as she prepared for a holiday in the US’s gambling capital. She said with a stern face: “To any burglars out there… “We have family in our house while we’re away and they’re hard as f***.” Steph then shared a snap of Vegas as her plane landed. READ MORE: Loose Women’s Denise Welch sparks frenzy in busty red swimsuit snap It comes amid health concerns for the star, as she admitted two days ago she was in “agony”. Steph shared a picture of her face covered in blisters in view of her 97,800 Instagram followers on Friday. “Here’s a pic of me looking rough, let me explain why…” she captioned the post. “We’re coming to the end of this series of Packed Lunch (we’re on a summer break after tomorrow) and whenever I get to the end of a long run I get poorly. “I’ve always had this whatever job I’ve been doing. I bet lots of people are the same. “This time I have a bad ear infection and blisters in/around my ear/hair/face. It has been agony,” she continued. “I’m on a load of different drugs to try and treat infections and ease pain.” Steph’s Packed Lunch is due to return to screens on September 5. The show began after the presenter left BBC Breakfast. In March, the star credited leaving the BBC as the “best financial decision” she’s ever made. She claimed she is “much better off” now that she has moved to Channel 4. DON'T MISS... Amanda Owen addresses ‘chaotic’ home life at Ravenseat amid split [INSIGHT]Madonna, 63, goes topless as she strips off in eye-popping snaps [UPDATE]Lady Victoria Hervey, 45, goes underwear-free in daring number [ANALYSIS] Steph opened up about her smart attitude towards money in an interview with the Telegraph released in March. When the star was asked about her “best financial decision”, she revealed it was her move away from the BBC. She said: “Leaving the BBC and moving to Channel 4 to present Steph’s Packed Lunch. “I’m much better off now,” the star added. Despite describing herself as being “prudent with money” the Channel 4 presenter also admitted her “worst” ever purchase was a major one. When asked the question, she revealed: “My first house. Everyone was telling me to get on the property ladder. “I was in my early 20s and living in London. I couldn’t afford to buy there so I bought a house in Middlesbrough. “I’ve still got it; my friend lives in it. But it’s gone down in value since I bought it 15 years ago. I was a victim of the credit crunch." She previously filmed Packed Lunch from the home she shares with her partner and baby daughter, due to coronavirus restrictions, but now fronts it in a studio in Leeds.  The show offers a mixture of entertainment, food, news and a variety of high-profile guests, most recently including the likes of John Whaite, Denise van Outen and Giovanni Pernice.