Phil Foden is set to land a bumper new deal at Manchester City as a result of the Premier League champions offloading Gabriel Jesus and Raheem Sterling. Jesus joined Arsenal for £45million earlier this month, while Sterling is on the verge of joining Chelsea in a £50m deal - and Foden is set to profit now the high-earning duo are off the City wagebill. Foden has evolved into one of Manchester City's most important players under Pep Guardiola's guidance, and the Spaniard has been keen to tie the 22-year-old down to a new long-term deal. Foden was close to putting pen-to-paper six months ago - but is now set to land an extra windfall after delaying the deal. According to a new report from The Daily Star, Foden was set to ink a contract worth £150,000-a-week earlier this year, but decided to put talks on ice until the end of the season. And with City offloading two big earners in Jesus and Sterling, Foden has now been offered an improved deal worth a basic £200,000-a-week to commit his future to his boyhood club. READ MORE: Liverpool star set to be denied debut in Man Utd tie as 'injury' found Foden's pay increase will move him closer to the top earner's at the club. Kevin de Bruyne currently tops the earning charts at the Etihad, with a deal worth £400,000-a-week. City's £65m new boy, Erling Haaland, is also set to rake in a similar amount after he completed his lucrative switch from Borussia Dortmund earlier this summer. Although there was never any real chance that Foden would choose to not extend his stay at the Etihad, the England star wanted to see what the likes of Haaland were set to earn before committing to the original deal that was tabled back in October. As a result of City's generous bonus scheme, there is a chance that Foden's pay packet could jump even higher next year depending on how successful Guardiola's side are over the next 12 months. As well as Foden's bumper pay increase, City enforcer Rodri is also on the verge of landing a handsome new deal. The Spanish midfielder has become a vital cog in Guardiola's side since he arrived in Manchester back in 2019, and City are keen to reward him with fresh terms. The 26-year-old is set to put pen-to-paper on a new deal worth £220,000-a-week; almost double the £120,000-a-week that the Spanish midfielder currently earns. It is believed that the new deal will keep Rodri - who still had two years left to run on his old deal - at the Etihad Stadium until the summer of 2027.