Alexander Bublik stunned the Court 2 crowd at Wimbledon on Friday when he threw in six underarm serves during one single service game. The Kazakh tennis star ended up losing to Frances Tiafoe from a set up but gave the fans plenty of entertainment during the 3-6 7-6(1) 7-6(3) 6-4 match. It comes after Andy Murray followed in Nick Kyrgios' footsteps by producing an underarm serve of his own in his first round on Monday. At two-sets-to-one down and 0-3 down in the fourth, Bublik hit an underarm serve despite staring down the barrel of a two-break deficit to almost guarantee he would lose the match. And he continued to shock the crowd an his opponent as he hit five more in the game, still managing to save three break points and hold for 1-3. Only two of the six underarm serves made it into play and the world No 38 won just one of the two points but held on and eventually broke the 23rd seed later in the set to love, getting back level for 4-4 to keep himself alive in the third round. But it wasn't enough for the 25-year-old as he was broken when serving at 4-5 down, allowing Tiafoe to win the match in four sets. Bublik received an ovation as he left the court, having wowed the spectators with his antics despite losing. And his tally of six underarm serves in one single service game comes days after Kyrgios hit out at the reception other players like Murray received for copying his trademark shot. JUST IN: Heather Watson continues Brit bonanza at Wimbledon with biggest win  Kyrgios was asked about Murray recreating his trademark shot earlier in the tournament but instead pointed to the backlash he received when he first used the serve against Rafael Nadal in Acapulco three years ago. "Well, I actually remember the first time I did it, was against Nadal in Acapulco. Actually watch it back. Everyone should just watch that back," he said when asked about reviving the trend of using the serve. "The commentators were like, 'What's he done here? It's so disrespectful. Why would he do that?'" DON'T MISSNadal GOAT claim made by Gauff after Spaniard's Grand Slam statementBecker 'coping' with life behind bars as wife lifts lid on icon's jailNadal warned of 'great equaliser' at Wimbledon as big names drop out  He continued: "Now it's like, 'So smart. Andy Murray, so smart.' I'm just like, What on earth? I'm playing Rafael Nadal for like three hours. I couldn't win a point. I threw in one underarm serve. "They say, 'I don't know if there's a place in the game for that.' Everyone does it now. It's like they're a genius."