Britons suffering from an illness, disability or mental health condition could be eligible for this extra cash via Personal Independence Payments (PIP). PIP is usually paid every four weeks unless a person is terminally ill, in which case it is paid every week. To be eligible, an applicant must have a health condition or disability where they have had difficulties with daily life for three months, and they expect the difficulties to continue for at least nine months. PIP is aimed at helping people with a range of disabilities, including stress, anxiety and depression The benefit is administered by the Department for Work and Pensions and is not means tested. This means the payment is not dependent on a person’s income or savings. READ MORE: 'Going to change my life': Pensioner in tears after boss gives her £16k towards retirement PIP is made up of a daily living and a mobility component. An individual will be paid the following amounts each week depending on their circumstances. The daily living component can give claimants up to £92 a week. The mobility component offers up to £64. READ MORE: PIP claim: Britons suffering from migraines or headaches could get an extra £627 a month Universal Credit can support people if they have a health condition, disability or terminal illness which stops them from working or limits the amount of work they can do. Britons must tell Universal Credit as soon as they make their claim or as soon as the illness or disability occurs. This will help Universal Credit to provide them with the help and support they need. PIP claimants may also be entitled to extra money on top of their existing benefits. This includes a reduction in their council tax or road tax bills and discounts on travel. People will need their PIP award letter before they can apply for this extra help. This award letter is sometimes called a PIP award notice. It’s sent to claimants when the DWP has made a decision on their PIP application. Some 500,000 more people will become eligible for Universal Credit this year. At the end of April, three million people across the UK were claiming PIP support, with some 35 percent getting the highest amount. People can make a claim for PIP by contacting the DWP. More information can be found of the gov.uk website.