Tom Bower opened up about his explosive book on the Duke and Duchess of Sussex on Thursday's instalment of Good Morning Britain. However, the writer clashed with presenter Ben Shepherd who accused him of being "biased" as he interviewed people who "don't like" Meghan Markle for the biography. Ben was quick to jump to the Duchess' defence during their tense exchange on the ITV talk show throughout the debate. Tom revealed he spoke to people who "don't like Meghan" for his book, before explaining he talked to almost 80 contacts about the mother-of-two. However, Ben interjected: "If we know they don't like her, why are they going to be offering an unbiased account of their experience with her?" Tom replied: "I understand, but I sifted through, I don't just put in stuff which isn't true and can't be checked. "Also, I had some admiration for Meghan as she has succeeded in her life with her ambitions." READ MORE: The Last Kingdom: What is Blood Will Prevail? New release explained Tom also revealed he visited Meghan's father Thomas Markle in Mexico for two days to interview him about the Duchess. The journalist insisted he kept the book balanced, adding: "Overall I came across with the impression of a woman who is very intelligent, very determined, very ambitious but also ruthless. "People will have to make up their minds on whether she is good or bad." The biography was released on Thursday and it accuses Meghan and Harry of posing a "threat to the Royal Family".  Elsewhere in the interview, Ben asked him why the Duchess should suddenly be judged on her views. The ITV host added: "I mean, she's just trying to control her brand and control who she is, she's not the first well-known person to do that, is she?" However, Tom replied: "You are wrong when you say she was a famous actress, she wasn't, she was a third-rate [actress]." Ben clapped back: "No, that's not true. She was a very famous actress and she had a very high profile in Hollywood. DON'T MISS...‘Meghan didn't understand the monarchy ’ Tom Bower in explosive attack [LATEST]'Ambitious and ruthless' Tom Bower on exactly how he felt when he met [UPDATE]Meghan Markle and Harry 'clearly a love match' [INSIGHT] "Suits is a series which is streamed all over the world, so people knew who she was." Meghan starred in the Netflix drama Suits for seven seasons as paralegal-turned-associate Rachel Zane. She quit acting altogether to focus on humanitarian work and be a member of the British Royal Family. Tom strongly disagreed with Ben's comments, before adding: "The point is before she met Harry, even the editor of Vanity Fair had never heard of her and never heard of Suits."  Tom's book delves into the infamous Megxit split from the Royal Family and the couple's bombshell Oprah Winfrey interview. The couple stepped down from their roles as senior royals in 2020 and started a new life together in California. The biography explores what lies ahead for Meghan and Harry and whether the Royal Family's reputation can be restored. Good Morning Britain airs on weekdays on ITV between 6am and 9am. 