She is the only one who appreciates Brexit has yet to be properly delivered. She is the only one battling for the integrity of our country and the reunification of Northern Ireland and Great Britain. She is the only one espousing sensible economic and political values. She is also the most experienced politician in the race having held many different Government posts for over ten years. I do not care that she was not always a Tory and voted Remain. Her journey has been a long one, genuinely from humble beginnings. Her parents were borderline communists. Truss was hardly going to enter life a true-blue Tory. But through experience and learning she has evolved into the person now presented, refreshingly without finesse. I welcome the fact she is not a slick performer. There is an honesty which necessarily follows. Truss cannot easily obfuscate when challenged. It is powerfully in her interests therefore not to need to do so. She is motivated to deliver because, unlike her predecessor, she cannot easily hide failure. And if she fails, we the electorate, will know. The task facing Truss is gargantuan. She would be inheriting a broken country and economy with only two years in which unequivocally to demonstrate they are being fixed. As far as the country is concerned, Truss is already on her way to unpicking the problems of the Northern Ireland Protocol. Her new Bill, designed to neuter its worst effects, does not in itself do so but it provides a framework. Boris Johnson did not have the courage genuinely to challenge the EU. With him gone, she has a free hand either to drive through her Bill and the other legislation required to give it effect; or, better still, ditch the Protocol altogether. There is a neat way to achieve this without breaking international law. It is by rightly accepting Johnson’s Brexit deal to have been illegal. He steadfastly refused to accept he had broken the Act of Union when he signed that lousy deal. All Truss need do is tell the truth. She also understands how to fix the economy. Rishi does not. Even though he volunteers the economy needs rebuilding – a remarkable admission of failure – he is defending his ideology. That failed ideology is of a borrow, tax and spend Chancellor. With him in charge, Government debt increased by a staggering 30 percent, or £500 billion, and taxes reached a post War high – and that was all before inflation raised its ugly head. He is talking nonsense when he says cutting taxes would be inflationary. How could reducing tax on goods be inflationary? The impact of reducing these taxes (VAT, green taxes, tax on fuel to name a few) would be to reduce the cost of goods and inflation. What Rishi is actually saying is that he wants to continue to tax us so he can continue to spend our money the way he wants; not the way we want. It is his high taxation, raising the cost of goods, exacerbating the cost-of-living crisis and so forcing higher wage settlements that will embed inflation in the system. Keeping taxes high is inflationary. It will also weigh heavily on Government finances as public sector wages increase and/ or workers go on strike. Rishi is taking us back to the 1970’s. The only way to balance the books is by growing the economy. We need the private sector to be investing and growing. His corporation tax increase is also wholly wrong. The private sector has been kicked in the shins with intermittent lockdowns for two years. It cannot be taxed back to prosperity. A lower corporation tax rate would induce businesses to invest and grow. Truss opposes Rishi on all of the above. She understands the damage he has done and would do. She understands the need to cut taxes on goods and business and has pinned her colours to that sensible mast. What we require now is a completely new approach to governance. To save the country and the economy, the Tories must ditch socialism and become conservative again. Truss has laid out a clear vision of how to get out of the mess created by Johnson and Sunak. Time is short but she is the only one with a hope of righting this listing ship. Back Truss.