Gabriel Jesus has already revealed when he is likely to leave Arsenal just weeks after signing for the Gunners in a £45million transfer from Manchester City. The striker has revealed that he sees himself staying with the North Londoners for five years as he seeks a new ‘project’. The Brazilian goalscorer was Mikel Arteta’s top target ahead of the summer transfer window. Arsenal’s forwards struggled for goals last season and ultimately failed to qualify for the Champions League. Arteta believes Jesus can score the goals required to end the club’s six-year exile from the elite European competition. The 25-year-old forward has joined Arsenal for a fresh start after finding games hard to come by at Man City. And Jesus has revealed that he plans to stay at Arsenal for five years in a bid to help the club realise their long-term ambitions. He has challenged his new team-mates to start winning. Transfer news LIVE: Cristiano Ronaldo 'leaving' Man Utd, Chelsea bid Jesus told TNT Sports: "I always like projects in my life, I like to do things not only thinking about today, but thinking about the long term. I came here not to stay one or two seasons, but to stay five. So that’s my thought. "That’s why I chose to come to Arsenal, a very big club in England, where they have a very beautiful history, and who unfortunately is dormant a little bit. So that also counted, I have this challenge of winning. "I lived in Palmeiras a taboo of 22 years without winning the Brazilian League and we managed to win together and it was wonderful for us for our career. And I believe the fans will never forget it. So that’s what I think, you know. "Coming to a club that haven’t won a league for a long time and that has been improving every year. The decision was also very important.” DON'T MISS...Arsenal series captures moment players found out Aubameyang was axedArsenal 'offered' Dortmund star but he's already outlined Man Utd wishArsenal's £335m masterplan leaves Mikel Arteta with zero excuses Jesus has enjoyed an incredible start to life at Arsenal and already appears to be an excellent long-term investment. He has scored three goals in two pre-season outings. He netted twice, including within two minutes of entering the pitch, as Arsenal came from behind to beat Nurnberg 5-3 a week ago. He then scored in a 2-0 victory over Premier League rivals Everton as the Gunners began their tour of America. Arsenal have already spent big as Arteta plans to qualify for the Champions League for the first time since 2016. Jesus is part of a £90m outlay that also includes the arrivals of playmaker Fabio Vieira from Porto, goalkeeper Matt Turner from New England, and teen winger Marquinhos from Sao Paulo. A deal for Jesus’ former City team-mate Oleksandr Zinchenko has reportedly been agreed. The versatile Ukraine star will have a medical ahead of a £32m switch.