Amazon Prime is going to become even better value for money, with the streaming service getting a free upgrade to its library that adds exclusive content which can't be found on Sky TV. It has been revealed this week that the Netflix and Disney+ rival will bolster its impressive selection of live sports, with Champions League matches set to air live on Prime Video in the future. Prime Video already airs select Premier League, but the addition of Champions League live games is a real coup for the service. It means Prime Video will be one of only two places where you can watch Champions League games live in the UK. BT Sport is the other place, with the telecoms giant's sports channels for years having exclusive access to live Champions League, Europa League and (more recently) Europa Conference League matches. However, from the 2024/2025 season Amazon will also be airing UCL matches, with Prime Video exclusively broadcasting the Tuesday night top-pick matches for three seasons. These fixtures will always feature an English team, and when they have qualified, matches of English teams all the way through to the semi-finals. The news marks another impressive addition to Prime Video's sports library, with the Amazon streaming service also broadcasting ATP and WTA tennis matches throughout the season. The Champions League rights could be a big lure for Sky Sports subscribers that want to watch UCL football but don't want to fork out for a BT Sport subscription. While Sky Sports shows the most amount of live Premier League games in the UK, the lack of European club competitions has long been a big omission from its library of sports content. Speaking about the news Alex Green, the MD for Prime Video Sport Europe, said: "The addition of UEFA Champions League football is a truly momentous moment for Prime Video in the UK. "Since 2018, we’ve seen millions of Prime members in the UK enjoy live sport on Prime Video, and it’s that passion and energy that has led us to this exciting next step. "We can’t wait to bring fans the headline fixture of European football’s most prestigious competition every Tuesday and we’ll have more details to share about our broadcast in the future." The deal means BT Sport will broadcast 533 of the 550 games available in the Champions League, Europa League and Europa Conference League. While, as with previous years, the finals of all three competitions will be broadcasted for free live on YouTube. From 2024 there will also be one other big change, with BBC broadcasting a new highlights show that will be available on Wednesdays. Highlights will be available on BBC's digital, linear and social channels.