Gary Neville has urged Frenkie de Jong to take Barcelona to court for ‘bullying’ as they continue to keep £14million in deferred wages from him. The unpaid salary is said to be one of the main factors holding up the Dutchman’s move to Manchester United, as he is reluctant to leave until he has been paid in full. Barcelona have raised eyebrows during the summer’s transfer window as a result of lavish expenditure despite their substantial financial issues. The club are believed to be around £1billion in debt but have still spent around £90m on bringing in Leeds’ winger Raphinha and Bayern Munich star Robert Lewandowski. Chelsea’s top target Jules Kounde now looks set to join them to take the club’s spending to around the £150m mark. While the club has gone big on new faces, stars currently at the Nou Camp have not received wages that they deferred to help during the COVID crisis. The players’ moves are believed to have saved the Blaugrana around £146m, ironically close to the exact same amount they are expected to spend on transfers this summer. One of the men who has been particularly badly affected is Frenkie de Jong. He is owed around £17m and will not leave Spain until he has received the money. This has been particularly problematic for Erik ten Hag and United who have publicly been pursuing the player all summer. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative Now Neville has called out the La Liga runners-up for their actions, describing the club as ‘immoral’ and encouraging De Jong to take legal action. Writing on Twitter the Sky Sports pundit said: “De Jong should consider legal action v Barcelona and all players should be behind him! A club spending fortunes on new players whilst not paying the ones they have under contract their full money is immoral and a breach. @FIFPRO should be all over bullying like this and stop it.” The former England international’s intervention comes alongside fellow pundit Gabby Agbonlahor calling for the Netherlands international to seek a move to Chelsea rather than United. The Blues have been credited with an interest in the 25-year-old but it is nowhere near as strong as that to United. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong “If I'm choosing a team in the Premier League and I’ve got the chance of Chelsea or Manchester United, I’m choosing Chelsea,” the former Aston Villa captain explained. “I’m in London, I’ve got Thomas Tuchel who’s won the Champions League recently, you’re playing Champions League football this season, you’ve got a better squad of players. “Manchester United have got [Cristiano] Ronaldo who doesn’t want to be there, he’s not turned up for pre-season. “They’ve got problems and it’s going to take them a while to get a chance of winning the Premier League or the Champions League. Does De Jong want to go from Barcelona, who will be playing Champions League football, to Manchester United, who aren’t going to be?” Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it