Today marks the first day of the Commonwealth Games with the opening ceremony, held in Birmingham’s Alexander Stadium, being aired on BBC One tonight. Unfortunately, the Queen will not be in attendance this evening as the 96-year-old is taking a step back from public engagements due to mobility issues. But the Queen certainly left her mark on previous Games.  A tweet by Australian field hockey player, Jayde Taylor, went viral when the Queen made an appearance in her picture taken at the Glasgow National Hockey Centre. Taylor and fellow hockey player Brooke Peris were taking a selfie at the 20th Commonwealth Games held in Glasgow in 2014 when the Queen was captured too as she walked behind them with a grin on her face. Taylor wrote in the tweet — which attracted more than 11,000 likes — “ahh the Queen photo-bombed our selfie!!” adding the hashtag “she even smiled”. It seems the Queen was a good luck charm with the Australian women’s hockey team coming up on top after beating England. Taylor reshared the picture on Twitter last month, wishing the Queen — who she fondly referred to as “Lizzy” — a “happy Platinum Jubilee”.    The 2014 games saw another hilarious moment when Sir Chris Hoy delivered the flaming baton to the Queen during the opening ceremony. By the time the six-time Olympic champion reached the top of the steps to greet the Queen at the podium, where he shook her hand, the flame had gone out. The Queen chuckled as Sir Chris attempted to help to relight the baton, following its 288-day journey visiting the Commonwealth nations and territories. The struggle went on for some painstaking minutes as the audience laughed before it was finally relit and the Queen gave her speech. The Queen’s absence at today’s ceremony will be felt by many as she is the head of the Commonwealth, and has been for more than 60 years. Late Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh, was also the President of the Commonwealth Games Federation, after being given the title in 1955.   READ MORE: Queen to MISS Commonwealth Games as other royals step up This year is not the first time that the Queen had to miss out on attending. The Queen was also absent from the Commonwealth Games held in Cardiff in 1958 as she was too unwell. But the Queen’s message was broadcast during the Closing Ceremony where she announced that Prince Charles — then just ten years old — would be given the title Prince of Wales. She said: “By a cruel stroke of fate, I have been prevented from visiting North and South Wales. “I regret particularly not being with you in Cardiff today for this great meeting of Commonwealth athletes. I want to speak to take this opportunity of speaking to all Welsh people, not only in this arena but wherever they may be. “The British Empire and Commonwealth Games in the capital, together with all the activities of the festival of Wales, have made this a memorable year for the principality. "I have therefore decided to mark it further with an act that I hope will give as much pleasure to all Welshmen as it does to me. I intend to create my son Charles Prince of Wales today. When he is grown up I will present him to you at Caernarvon." DON'T MISS: Prince Harry ‘not pleased’ with Meghan’s ‘clingy’ behaviour [INSIGHT] Queen's olive branch to 'unwilling' Harry and Meghan 'generous' [ANALYSIS]How Meghan ‘idolised’ Kate: ‘She always wanted to be a princess’ [REPORT]  This year, Prince Charles  — accompanied by the Duchess of Cornwall — will be stepping in to represent Her Majesty and he is expected to read a statement on her behalf tonight. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are also anticipated to attend events during this year’s Commonwealth Games which will close on August 8. A total of 72 teams and more than 6,000 athletes will be competing with the likes of swimmer Adam Peaty and cyclist Geraint Thomas hoping to come out triumphant. The Commonwealth Opening Ceremony will be aired tonight on BBC One at 7pm.   