White House National Security adviser Jake Sullivan today claimed the Islamic State is preparing to provide Moscow with drones that it would use in the ongoing conflict. The number of the devices being sent could figure in the several hundreds, he said. Tehran said it opposed the war after Russian troops first moved into Ukraine in February. But Iranian Foreign Minister Hossein Amirabdollahian refused to denounce the “special military operation” and instead pointed the finger of blame towards NATO. He said the invasion was “rooted” in the Western military alliance’s “provocations”. Amirabdollahian expressed his hope that a “political and democratic solution” could bring the conflict to an end. But American officials now believe the country is gearing up to boost the Kremlin’s militaristic capabilities. Sullivan told reporters his administration believed Iran would send several hundred drones, including some that are weapons capable. He added he had seen information that shows Iran is also preparing to train Russian forces to use these drones. Moscow has made some more serious gains in Ukraine in recent weeks but is working through enormous amounts of ammunition and artillery. READ MORE: How Russia's forces stack up against the UK's Army, RAF and Navy An official told the Washington Post earlier this month that because of the rate of attrition, such gains could soon become impossible. They said: “There will come a time when the tiny advances Russia is making become unsustainable in light of the costs and they will need a significant pause to regenerate capability.” Ukraine also today urged the West to again increase its level of support, citing severe shortages. DON'T MISS: Zelensky’s call for no fly zone rejected [OPINION] Putin's army from 'mysteriously weak' to 'brutal' [REVEAL] People sensationally blame Brexit for Russia's chilling invasion [REPORT] Ukrainian Defense Minister Oleksii Reznikov told the Wall Street Journal: “We need to refresh our platoons and change them and make replacements also because we also have a lot of losses. “We are waiting for more armour, more weaponry from our partners. “We need to rebuild some directions and to refresh our fortifications and plan a new operational strategy.” An intelligence report by Ukrainian and Western officials, seen by the Independent, last month found Ukraine is outgunned 20/1 to Russia in artillery and 40/1 in ammunition. The artillery it did have its hands on at this time also had a range 12 times the minor of that held by Russian forces. A report in the Financial Times today suggested, to make matters worse, that the West could soon find itself incapable of sending more and more supplies to Ukraine. The UK recently had to buy howitzers from a third party to send to Ukraine because its own stockpiles were so low.