Everybody talks about getting a summer body, but what about a summer-ready face? Facial yoga practitioner Victoria Adams spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about how women can get that glorious holiday glow - before even getting on the plane. Victoria told Express.co.uk: "Obviously it's important to prepare your skin for the sun, whether you're looking to optimise your tan with a smooth, hydrated skin base, or - which is most important - protecting it from sun damage." She continued: "Sun damage is the number one factor involved in skin ageing. "And the great thing about the five minute facelift is that you can optimise the absorption of whichever skincare or SPF products. "You'll be reaping collagen and elasticity boosting benefits by combining it with those facial exercise moves since we're boosting circulation." READ MORE: How Tom Cruise looks so good at 60 - diet, exercise and skincare tips What Victoria proposes is that women incorporate their SPF products into their facial massage routine. This can be done in preparation for the holiday, or failing that, by the pool or on the beach upon arrival. "You could start six days ahead of your holiday and you will see a difference. "If you want a bigger difference, start four weeks before your holiday. "People even notice a difference after just that one practice. "However, if you have consistency that's when the magic really starts to take place." For those who want to take their facial exercises from the UK to their hot holiday destination, applying SPF using facial massage is going to "encourage you to put SPF on", and also "maximise its absorption" into the skin. Not to mention, it will help sculpt the face for all those holiday photos. READ MORE: 63-year-old woman shares youthful transformation but warns others For those who want to try the five minute holiday facelift, Victoria advised: "I'd apply SPF to the face, roughly not perfectly, then I'd maybe put a little bit extra on the hands for the exercises. "When it comes to SPF, you want to put it on around 30 minutes before you actually have exposure to the sun, however, there's nothing stopping you from also doing them by the pool." As for how much sun cream to put on, Victoria feels we aren't using nearly enough. Victoria said: "You actually need two fingers worth - and not that's not the pinky finger - two index fingers for the face and neck." 1. Both hands are in fists, and the knuckles that are closest to the nail bed bring them just underneath the eyebrows. Glide up to the forehead. Repeat for one minute, taking care to gliding outwards as well as upwards. 2. Victoria calls this one "the worry line eraser". Bend your index fingers and lift them to just above your eyebrows, resting your thumbs on each temple. Using the index fingers, glide across the skin towards the temples. Repeat for one minute, making sure to keep the brows relaxed. 3. Make a peace sign and flip it round, gently rest one finger in the corner of each eye and the other finger on the outside of the eye. Close the eyes and look left for 30 seconds, breathing deeply, then alternate to the left. The head should remain still. 4. Make a thumbs up with both hands, and lift the palms to face upwards. Place each thumb at either side of the chin and glide them under the cheekbones towards the hairline. Press and release. Repeat the action for one minute. 5. Use the back of the hands to move up the jawline, gliding up towards the back of the ears, then gently move down the next. Repeat for one minute.Happy holidays! 