Medical practitioners have seen demands for their services increase dramatically in recent years. They have faced the double whammy of an ageing population and the Covid pandemic. Despite the increase in demand for their services, new data shows GPs cutting back on their hours. Twenty years ago, the average GP worked a 47.7-hour week according to the Government’s GP Worklife Survey. By 2021 it was just 38.4 hours. Nearly a fifth said they worked an average of just 25 hours a week. To compound matters, the supply of new GPs has also seen a dramatic decline. The number of full-time equivalents has fallen from 29,364 in 2015 to 27,627 in May 2022. This means that the number of people per GP has risen from 1,870 to 2,040. Professor Martin Marshall, chairman of the Royal College of GPs, told The Times: “Workloads are going up, GPs are struggling, and in order to do the job, they’re forced into seeing a smaller number of people.” It comes as doctors called on the Government to increase their pay by 30 percent. Delegates at the British Medical Association’s (BMA) annual conference last Monday voted for the increase as they sought to make up for real-terms cuts to their salaries over the last 14 years. Proposing the motion, Dr Emma Runswick, a member of the BMA’s ruling council, said: “We should not wait for things to get worse. "All of us deserve comfort and pleasure in our lives. Pay restoration is the right, just and moral thing to do. "But it is a significant demand and it won’t be easy to win. READ MORE: NHS scam warning: Which? advises how to avoid latest scam "Every part of the BMA needs to plan for how to achieve this.” She added: “I’m not foolish, I know that’s it’s likely to be that industrial action will be required to move the government on this issue. "Do not be tempted to accept a pathetic future for our profession. We are worth more.” Meanwhile, more and more NHS staff are having to sell their annual leave in a bid to boost their wages amid the cost of living crisis. In a poll of 1,000 staff, 150 said they had sold holiday days - accepting payment instead of the time off. Meanwhile, 700 said they had taken on extra shifts. DON'T MISSFamilies of PKU sufferers celebrate health victory [REVEAL]Frustrated NHS patients turn to private hospitals [NEWS]Ambulance waits: The conditions most affected - 'Need treatment ASAP' [SPOTLIGHT] NHS nurse and GMB representative Holly Turner told The Daily Mirror: "People are doing it more and more. "The members and NHS workers are telling us they do this all the time. "What you’ve got is a group of workers who have faced over a decade of cuts to their pay – with some losing up to 20 percent in real terms – while their food, fuel and all of their bills and shopping is going up." Ms Turner said a newly-qualified nurse will be paid just under £100, before tax, for giving up a day of annual leave. Overtime shifts are paid fortnightly, meaning the money comes in sooner.