Some people seem to have time on their hands to gossip. You prefer not to listen particularly because a subject on everyone’s lips is one you aren’t very happy about. You would be quite content to do something that involves no one but yourself. It is time to turn ideas into something practical. Once you start working on those thoughts and plans that have recently come into your head you may not realise how long you have spent on such matters. The reward will be in the final result of a huge creative effort. Although you feel sure you are making good decisions you might still wish you could get some advice from someone who is more experienced. Since this is a situation that calls for instant action you will have no time to discuss the pros and cons with others.  You might feel tempted to spend on creature comforts. If you can afford to treat yourself, go with the mood of the moment. If you are single and looking for love, take an opportunity to form stronger bonds with someone you see quite frequently. You’re restless and have no inclination to stick with any one job until you reach the end. If someone offers to finish something for you, you won’t say no. Just as you are about to splash out on something special, a cautious partner or housemate will remind you that you are supposed to be sticking to a budget. You take your responsibilities seriously. People are looking to you for guidance and although you did have other plans you may feel you have no choice but to put some time into dealing with a group matter that has cropped up unexpectedly.  A group of friends are talking about meeting up somewhere, they just have to agree on the venue. Entertaining at home won’t be as exciting as going out in the evening. You want to have some fun. Why not suggest you all do something slightly different to normal. Although you might prefer to work alone, do your best to foster a team spirit. The jobs you are working on will involve dealings and communications with others. Text messages will hold a degree of urgency and you could start to enjoy a sudden increase in mental activity. Friends will remind you of your usual positive outlook but being told to ‘keep smiling’, doesn’t make a problem any the easier to handle. There are always challenges in life and although you’re faced with a big one, it will get easier soon.  A friend who is normally cheerful and outgoing could be feeling down in the dumps. They will try to hide this but you know them well and you will pick up on how they are feeling. Intuitively you will be paying more attention to what they are saying and doing to try to work out what it is that is causing them to feel miserable. An invitation to get involved in a group or community project will fill you with excitement. Looking back on the recent past and there are still jobs to be finished but this shouldn’t stop you from starting anything new. It will mean a lot to you to be in on this project from the very start. You won’t be disappointed with social events providing you decide from the start, just how much you are prepared to spend on the lighter side of living. Be flexible about your plans for having fun. A spontaneous idea that comes to you later in the day deserves more consideration. 