Tottenham are set to complete the £50million signing of Richarlison and the loan signing of Barcelona star Clement Lenglet in the coming days in what is their fourth and fifth transfer deal already this window. With Ivan Perisic, Yves Bissouma and Fraser Forster also joining the club earlier this window, Tottenham boss Antonio Conte has shown no sign of stopping just yet - and bids for four more players could be completed in time for the start of the season. Express Sport takes a look at four potential players the Italian could make bids for to further bolster his squad. Djed Spence Spence's eventual move away from Middlesbrough this summer is no big secret, although where his destination will be remains to be seen. Tottenham have been touted as one of the more likely destinations for the London-born wingback, with their financial power and Champions League status giving the club a huge pull for prospective signings. Emerson Royal improved massively under Conte last season, although he didn't quite hit the heights required of him after his £26m move from Barcelona and Matt Doherty may struggle to compete in the Champions League. Therefore, a move for Spence would represent Conte looking at talent and homegrown youth with a talented English recruitment settling into his squad. Anthony Gordon Speaking of moves for a talented English prodigy, Gordon could also follow Spence and Everton team-mate Richarlison through the door in north London. The winger, 21, burst onto the scene at the start of last season under Rafael Benitez and went on to make 35 appearances for the club in the Premier League. His pace, directness and ability to counter-attack would be huge for Antonio Conte's team if he was to pair up with Son Heung-min on the wings. And with the youngster reportedly keen on a move due to their top four finish last season warranting Champions League football, Everton's wing contingent could see themselves lining up in white shirts at the start of the upcoming campaign. Pervis Estupinan Estupinan previously spent time in the Premier League with Watford back in 2016, although he never made an appearance for the Hornets in his four-year spell. He subsequently moved to Villarreal, where he has excelled over the last two seasons with a bout of superb performances that took the Spanish outfit to the Champions League semi-final. Spurs had been credited with an interest in the Ecuadorian according to Goal, with the report stating that Conte's men were set to make a £13m bid for his signature. However, with Ivan Perisic having joined as competition for the left-wing-back position, any potential deal would perhaps see Sergio Reguilon depart the club. Jesse Lingard Jesse Lingard is due to leave Manchester United on Friday with his contract expiring, meaning a plethora of clubs are interested in his services. West Ham have emerged as the frontrunners for his services, with Newcastle also keeping tabs on his future. The Warrington-born hero could however have his head turned by the prospect of Champions League football and a potential shot at the Premier League title under Conte's resurgent side. And as a free transfer, his signature would be a relatively low-risk move for the Lilywhites.