The confirmed list of candidates to replace Boris Johnson was published tonight and it showed that the divided “true believer” Brexiteer right of the Conservative Party is in danger of repeating recent history of losing out in 2016. This is despite that on the face of it the final eight is good news for Brexiteers - four of them (Rishi Sunak, Suella Braverman, Penny Mordaunt and Nadhim Zahawi) were MPs who backed Leave in the Referendum, three (Liz Truss, Jeremy Hunt and Tom Tugendhat) were Remainers in 2016 and the eighth was not yet an MP but was a Brexiteer (Kemi Badenoch). A senior member of the powerful European Research Group of Tory Brexiteer MPs has informed me that the executive of the group will meet tomorrow to decide who their candidate is. Over the last two days they have interviewed each candidate for an hour. But asked “is Liz Truss your champion?” the answer came House of Cards style - “you may think that but for now I couldn’t possibly comment.” So that would be a "yes" then! The question those MPs on the right face is still: How do we get Brexit done? A Redfield and Wilton poll today from the newly won Tory Red Wall seats shows that two thirds of voters there who turned to the Conservatives on Brexit think that it is still “a work in progress.” Until “Brexit is done” properly Britain will not have control over its borders, its money or its future. This is where the idea in this leadership contest has split between “true Brexiteers” and so-called “Brexiteers in name only”. The second group is used to describe - probably unfairly - Sunak and Mordaunt. Sunak is described as the “globalist liberal” and Mordaunt the “woke candidate” because of her backing of trans issues.  The suspicion of Ms Mordaunt comes despite her being a prominant champion of Global Britain and being a clear favourite in all match ups with Conservative members polled by the ConHome website. Importantly, neither she nor Sunak seem to want tax cuts immediately and neither support an overhaul of the Human Rights act of ending the jurisdiction of the Strasbourg European Court of Human Rights, both issues close to the hearts of the serious Brexiteers.  Meanwhile, the only candidate to really support a pro-Brexit agenda is the Attorney General Suella Braverman. Ms Braverman is the candidate of the right - pro-family, pro-Brexit, pro-telling the EU to get stuffed over Northern Ireland, pro-ending the ECHR rule, pro-tax cuts. READ MORE: New PM MUST use Brexit freedoms to cut taxes - Braverman Her policies, according to a poll today, are by far the most popular among Red Wall voters. Unlike most of the rest she seems to believe it all in her soul rather than just play lip service to the ideas. But instead of following the logical route of uniting around her the right is divided in the way Labour's far left always turn on each other. "It's the people's front of Judea against the Judean people's front," one MP noted referring to the famous Monty Python sketch in The Life of Brian.  The candidate with the star dust, who has the appearance of a future leader and attracting a lot of support is Kemi Badenoch, who is being backed by Michael Gove. But the suspicion among many MPs is that she is being used as a means of splitting the rightwing and ensuring they do not have a candidate in the final reckoning. DON'T MISS Dorries rages at Rishi 'dark arts' to secure PM win [REVEAL] Brexit is being completely ignored in this leadership race [INSIGHT] Have Your Say: Truss vs Rishi - who would YOU back as leader [REACT] Just as Gove infamously knifed Boris Johnson in 2016 the belief, right or wrong, is he playing a much more subtle assassination game in this competition? One close friend of Gove’s has denied this vehemently to me saying that he has long seen Badenoch as a future leader. She has certainly shown the qualities in the last few days.  But a Brexiteer minister still loyall to Boris told me: "Since 2016 I have never trusted the motives of anything that man [Gove] has done!" There are weird and wonderful conspiracy theories about how Gove has persuaded Dominic Cummings to help both Sunak and Badenoch and then plans to move the Badenoch campaign behind Sunak. However, the rumour mill of Westminster is full of such tales, usually untrue but not always. Meanwhile, the emergence of two women from a new generation in the Conservative Party appears to have killed off the chances of the anointed Brexiteer candidate Priti Patel. She announced she would not be standing and despite hours of talks with the Braverman and possibly Badenoch camps has refused to publicly back either yet.  For a party hankering after the next Margaret Thatcher, the sixth Brexiteer woman involved in this race is Esther McVey who went in a different direction altogether trying to form a broad ticket with the former Remainer Jeremy Hunt in a bid to unite a fractured party.  It means that Brexiteers have gone in all directions. Some have backed Zahawi, Sunak, Mordaunt and even the most pro-EU candidates Jeremy Hunt with the help of Ms McVey and Tom Tugendhat, whose campaign has huge momentum. The more hardline ones on the right have split between Badenoch and Braverman. But a large chunk - including Boris loyalists Jacob Rees-Mogg, Nadine Dorries and James Cleverly - now see their champion being the Foreign Secretary Liz Truss who, to put it mildly, has been on a political journey since 2016 when she was one of the more outspoken Remainers. One Red Wall Brexiteer MP put it to me: “The way things are going we are going to end up with Rishi [Sunak] versus Tom [Tugendhat]. That is the nightmare scenario. “My heart and ideology is with Kemi and Suella but the right is split and neither stand a chance to get to the final two. “Liz is the one who can do it for us, carry on the Brexit reforms and do all the low tax small state stuff.” Ms Truss became “the Brexit superwoman” as International Trade Secretary after 2019, signing a deal or more a week and shouting about the benefits of a liberated Britain. She has carried this on in the Foreign Office and appears to be a genuine Brexit convert. Additionally, she has moved to the right on social issues especially in the trans debate and, most importantly, she is an advocate of high growth through low tax. Apart from 2016 she is largely what the rightwing Brexiteers want. With Mr Sunak now an outright favourite to reach the last two as the “establishment candidate”, the question is who will face him? In an upside down world it now appears that the 2016 Remainer is the Brexiteers best hope against a 2016 Brexiteer. Welcome to the weird and wonderful world of Tory leadership politics.