 Jeremy Clarkson has prompted online controversy after posting a tweet about the extreme weather conditions facing the UK. The country is experiencing an unprecedented heatwave this week, with some areas forecasted to reach record-breaking highs of up to 42 degrees. On Twitter, former ‘Top Gear’ host Mr Clarkson wrote: “It’s very hot in the south of France but so far as I know, there’s no DefCon 8 level 3 killer death heatwave warning in place.”  The remark has been widely interpreted as a dig at the UK Government’s response to the heatwave. And while the tweet has been “liked” over 50,000 times, Clarkson was inundated with comments claiming that his comment was incorrect. Medical specialist Dr Philip Lee responded to the tweet: “They’ve literally evacuated 14,000 people from Southern France Jeremy. Because it’s on fire.” Clarkson is not afraid of voicing his opinions and has done so unapologetically over the years. READ MORE: Camilla's daughter had to 'coax her out of bed' on wedding day as Duchess was 'terrified'  Recently, the television farmer appeared in a special documentary giving insight into the private and public life of Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall. In celebration of her 75th birthday, Camilla featured in a rare ITV documentary entitled ‘Camilla’s Country Life’. The programme, which aired on Wednesday, accompanied a one-off issue of Country Life magazine, which was guest-edited by the Duchess. Camilla had chosen Mr Clarkson as one of her “rural heroes” and featured him in the magazine.  The owner of Diddly Squat farm also appeared in the documentary, and did not hold back on his royal revelations. He revealed that he and the Duchess “used to sneak a crafty fag [cigarette] round the back of things,” adding that Camilla may “still sneak” one in occasionally. The narrator of the documentary insisted that the Duchess has not smoked for years. When asked about the “strange life” royals lead, Mr Clarkson exclaimed: “Oh! Imagine… I can’t even begin to… the horror of it!”  He added: “I mean, I sort of know to a certain extent what it’s like when people recognise you. “And I’ve cultivated, over the years, a brusque image — let’s put it that way — so I can tell people to b****r off, and they sort of expect it. “But somebody like the Duchess can’t say: ‘Will you leave me alone?’ “Because people wouldn’t expect that of her. She has to be gracious. She has to be polite.” The interviewer suggested that Camilla could “just walk away.”  But Mr Clarkson argued: “Well, I don’t think she could even do that. She has got to stand there and listen to people being incredibly boring because imagine how boring people would be.” The farmer admitted that he and Camilla “got on well,” and the Duchess credited Mr Clarkson for making people realise how hard farming really is. Camilla also featured her husband Prince Charles as one of her “rural heroes,” championing him for his lifelong advocacy for the environment, farming and the countryside; and establishing The Prince’s Countryside Fund in 2010.  The Duchess wrote: “My husband is a countryman to his very core. It’s the place where he is most happy and relaxed, an integral part of his heart and soul.  “Whether he’s hedge-laying in the pouring rain, striding, like a mountain goat, up impossibly steep Highland hills, planting trees in the arboretum or pruning at Highgrove, this is where he finds true peace.” She continued: “Red squirrels and Dales ponies, fly-fishermen and great bustards, woodlands, Sussex cattle and Lleyn sheep… his patronages provide a fascinating snapshot of the countryside, as well as being testament to his hard work and, above all, proof, if proof be needed, of my husband’s deep and enduring love for all things bucolically British.” ‘Camilla’s Country Life’ is available to stream here.