Angela Levin, royal commentator and author of Harry: A Biography of a Prince, spoke to TalkRadio last week about the Sussex's multimillion-pound deal with the streaming giant. Ms Levin expressed her disapproval of Harry's decision to agree to the deal which will see reportedly include a docuseries on their life in Montecito, California. According to the royal biographer, Prince Harry watched Netflix's 'The Crown' series, which she believed criticised the Royal Family, and now he has signed a deal with them. Recalling a conversation she had with Harry at Kensington Palace, Ms Levin asked the Duke if he had watched 'The Crown'. He reportedly replied: "Yes, we're all absolutely watching everything, but I'm going to insist it stops before it reaches me." The royal expert said the conversation between her and Harry happened around two years ago when the hit show was in its second series.  Speaking about the conversation with the royal, Ms Levin said: "And he's now actually doing what I think is so disloyal and rude and that is taking money from a company like Netflix that knows exactly that it's going to get its pint of blood out of somebody when it offers a lot of money. "When he knows the same company is ridiculing his father, his mother and his grandmother." It's not the first time she's criticised the Duke after saying previously he had "made a terrible error" for doing business with Netflix while speaking on Good Morning Britain. She also spoke about how much Harry had changed and was almost "unrecognisable" from the person she "spent a lot of time with". READ MORE: Eugenie's Lisbon trip as royal rumoured to be relocating to Portugal Ms Levin added: "Netflix is going to want its pint of blood." Prince Harry has previously spoken about The Crown while appearing as a guest on The Late Late Show. He told host James Corden that he was "more comfortable" with 'The Crown' than some press coverage of the Royal Family - despite the show being criticized for blurring fact and fiction. DON'T MISS:Kate lets slip Prince George's sweet summer holiday job [INSIGHT]Queen Letizia steps out with husband King Felipe and daughters [COMMENT]Prince Charles: The 3 poignant royal anniversaries for 'Grandpa Wales' [ANALYSIS] He said: "I am way more comfortable with 'The Crown' than I am seeing stories written about my family or my wife. "That [The Crown] is obviously fiction, take it how you will. "But this is being reported on as fact because you're supposedly news. "I have a real issue with that." 