Friday's qualifying session might have turned into a disastrous one for Mercedes - but at least their social media team was able to maintain a sense of humour. On a dramatic day, both Lewis Hamilton and George Russell crashed out of the final session, leaving Hamilton 10th on the grid for Saturday's Sprint Race, with his younger teammate fifth.  The seven-time world champion had again been after setting the third fastest time in the second part of qualifying, less than 0.2secs from pace-setter Charles Leclerc. But he then made an uncharacteristic mistake, losing control through Turn Seven on his first flying lap in Q3 and sliding across the gravel trap before smashing into the barrier. The incident brought out the red flag while Hamilton's car was recovered, and when the session restarted, on his second lap Russell too made an error as he slid across the gravel sideways, also clanging into a barrier. It will mean a long night is in store for the engineers, with repair work needed on both W13 vehicles. It was Max Verstappen who eventually ended up on pole, from the Ferrari duo of Leclerc and Carlos Sainz, whilst the Dutchman's Red Bull teammate Sergio Perez was fourth. But despite their mishaps, Mercedes took to Twitter to poke fun of themselves. JUST IN: Austrian Grand Prix qualifying results: Hamilton and Russell crash out, Verstappen on pole The @MercedesAMGF1 account had earlier posted a picture of team boss Toto Wolff, along with the words "This is going to be fun." After things went awry for their drivers though, they quote-tweeted the original post, saying "It was not." They also replied to their own first tweet, writing "This didn’t age well," alongside a broken heart emoji. Fans of the Silver Arrows joined in the perverse fun, with @lewham103 responding with "Next time no posts during quali guys," while @faribti added: "Self awareness is the first step bestie." @radzjeewa7 simply fired "You jinxed it." DON'T MISS:Lando Norris' car catches fire during Austrian Grand Prix practiceSebastian Vettel's X-rated team radio message during Austrian GP qualifyingMcLaren boss Zak Brown confirms Daniel Ricciardo future plans amid sack talk   Whether Hamilton would have seen the funny side is debatable, given the incident halted what seemed continued progress after his podium finish at the British Grand Prix last week. He told reporters: "I'm incredibly disappointed in myself. "I'm so sorry to the team, everyone worked so hard to put this car together and I never like to damage it, bring it back damaged. We were fighting for top three, I think. I don't have an answer for it. I just lost the back end and that was that."