Newcastle's unexpected £40million move for Leicester City star James maddison was rejected with the Magpies said to be considering an improved bid for the Englishman. However, the Foxes are desperate to keep a hold of their key man and will be reluctant to sell him to a Premier League rival. They have hence slapped a £60m valuation on the player which is likely to be enough to make the north east club look elsewhere. Express Sport suggests some potential alternatives to Maddison as they look to improve their creative options. Lucas Paqueta The Lyon star has been regularly linked with a move to Newcastle throughout the transfer window with the 24-year-old tipped to follow in the footsteps of close friend Bruno Guimaraes. He has even been pictured on the banks of the Tyne this summer, making the trip to visit his former team-mate. He has recently handed in a transfer request in an attempt to force his way out of the Ligue 1 club amid interest from a host of Premier League clubs including Arsenal, Tottenham and Manchester City. A move initially appears difficult due to Lyon’s high asking price in excess of £50m. The player is also said to prefer a move to a club participating in the Champions League. However, should the Magpies fail to attract Maddison, the Brazil international appears to be their most likely alternative. JUST IN: Ronaldo confirms Man Utd return date after Atletico trip snub Houssem Aouar Should Toon fail to convince Paqueta they may turn their attention to his teammate Aouar. The Frenchman already has a good relationship with Guimaraes having been the central midfield partnership at the club. He would also have the additional benefit of tactical flexibility, possessing the ability to play at the base of the midfield, another area Toon new to improve. Lyon may be open to a departure with the club’s head of recruitment confirming they need to reduce the size of their squad. He would certainly be cheaper with a fee of £13m rumoured to be enough due to his contract expiring next summer. The midfielder is certainly one Eddie Howe will continue to monitor and may attempt a move for the star later in the window depending on how things progress. Isco The multiple Champions League winner would be the cheapest option of the lot after his contract at Real Madrid expired at the end of last season, meaning he can be signed for free. The Spaniard would be the big name signing that the St James’ Park faithful have craved since the Saudi takeover and they have been credited with an interest in the player. However, the Magpies will face competition for his signature with Jose Mourinho’s Roma also said to be interested. Howe has also tended to target slightly younger players when building his Newcastle squad meaning the 30-year-old is likely to be down his list of targets. DON'T MISS...Arsenal snubbed by Paqueta as star 'prefers' two Premier League rivalsNewcastle 'tracking Brazilian wonderkid' with £50m release clauseLiverpool and Newcastle scouting wonderkid but Chelsea may get chance Julian Draxler Reports in France have suggested that Newcastle sporting director Dan Ashworth is considering making an attempt to tempt the German international from PSG. He has fallen out of favour at the Ligue 1 champions and they are said to be keen to move him on. Newcastle may therefore prove to be the best possible move for all parties with the German desperate to get his career back on site. It would take a bid of at least £17m for the midfielder to leave Paris which may prove to make the 28-year-old a tempting proposition to the Magpies. Neymar If Newcastle decided to be particularly ambitious they could make a move for the most expensive player in football history. The move has the support of Toon star Joelinton who has previously said the No 10 shirt is waiting for him in the north east. Unfortunately, a deal for the 30-year-old is likely to be nothing more than a pipedream but it would certainly be interesting to see the club try.