Supreme Court Justice Samuel Alito has taken aim at Prince Harry over the Duke of Sussex's intervention in the Woe v Wade abortion debate in a speech to the United Nations last week. Justice Alito has brushed off criticism from the royal as well as other prominent world leaders since he ruled in favour of overturning the landmark American 1973 abortion rights decision. Justice Alito told a University of Notre Dame Law School-hosted event in Rome on July 24: "What really wounded me, what really wounded me "Was when the Duke of Sussex addressed the United Nations and seemed to compare the decision, whose name may not be spoken, with the Russian attack on Ukraine." "I had the honor this term of writing I think the only Supreme Court decision in the history of that institution that has been lambasted by a whole string of foreign leaders who felt perfectly fine commenting on American law," he added. "One of these was former Prime Minister Boris Johnson, but he paid the price," Alito joked, referring to Johnson's plans to step down following criticism of his leadership from within Britain's ruling Conservative Party. READ MORE: Meghan Markle sparks 'another war of words' as Duchess defends Oprah interview  Alito's references to the abortion ruling, which came during a speech about the importance of religious liberty, were met with laughter from the audience. In Prince Harry's July 18 speech, he spoke of 2022 as "a painful year in a painful decade" before citing the war in Ukraine and "the rolling back of constitutional rights here in the United States," which appeared to reference the abortion ruling. Mr Johnson has called the ruling "a big step backwards." President Macron said on the day of the decision that abortion was a fundamental right and that women's freedoms were "compromised" by the Supreme Court. Trudeau called the decision "horrific." The Duke of Sussex told the UN assembly on Nelson Mandela International Day: "This has been a painful year in a painful decade. "We’re living through a pandemic that continues to ravage communities in every corner of the globe; climate change wreaking havoc on our planet, with the most vulnerable suffering most of all; the few, weaponising lies and disinformation at the expense of the many; and from the horrific war in Ukraine to the rolling back of constitutional rights here in the United States. "We are witnessing a global assault on democracy and freedom — the cause of Mandela’s life." Speaking the Princess Diana's relationship with the late South African Presidents, Harry revealed he keeps a picture of the couple "on my wall and in my heart." DON'T MISS Kate and William argued over 'divisive' Prince George appearance [REPORT] Prince William issues rare personal message to England's Lionesses [REVEAL] Anne puts Kate and Wills to shame as she attends 9 engagements in days [REPORT]  The Duke told the assembly: "For me, there's one photo in particular that stands out on my wall and in my heart, every day is an image of my mother and Mandela meeting in Cape Town in 1997. "The photo was presented to me by the late Archbishop Desmond Tutu, whose friendship and inspiration were their own treasured gift." He continued: "My wife and I had the honour of introducing our four-month-old son to him back in 2019. When I first looked at the photo, straightaway, what jumped out was the joy on my mother's face. "The playfulness, cheekiness even, the pure delight to be in communion with another soul. So committed to serving humanity and then I looked at Mandela." READ NEXT: