Conservative MP Bob Seely hit back at calls from Labour's Dawn Butler for a general election as he set out how a Tory Party under Penny Mordaunt would make Sir Keir Starmer "look even duller." Mr Seely warned the left-wing Labour MP that her party "is not going to be in a happy place" in the event Ms Mordaunt does take over at the helm of the Tory Party. Ms Buter challenged the Isle of Wight MP on whether he supported Ms Mordaunt calling a general election after becoming the Tories' new leader. Mr Seely told the Labour MP: "Enjoy! Because come September sorry I think the Labour is not going to be in a happy place. "We love Keir, respect him but he does not set the world alight. "He sends people to sleep. and when we get Penny in I'm afraid to say your guy is going to look even duller than he already is." The Brent Central MP had earlier demanded a general election be called to all the public to voice their choice over the Conservative's next leader. She said: "Can I just say the public have been tormented now for a very long time. "And if anyone thinks the public haven't been tormented they haven't been paying attention." Ms Butler added: "As I say, polling has shown that none of the candidates who is going to be the leader and then be Prime Minister will beat Keir.  "Then we should just put it to the test and there should be a general election. "All these candidates that are standing are standing on manifesto promises they didn't get elected on. "These are new promises that people are making. "That wasn't what people voted for in 2019." DON'T MISS:  Tory leadership race down to SIX as Hunt & Zahawi humiliatingly axed [REVEAL] Mordaunt OBLITERATES Rayner in GREATES Labour put-down of all times [INSIGHT] Brexit LIVE: EU ready for war! Von der Leyen creates 'ammunition'  [SPOTLIGHT] Rishi Sunak remains the most popular potential Tory leader among the public, but most other candidates lack "name recognition", a poll has found. Some 37 percent of the public told pollster Ipsos that the former chancellor would do a good job as prime minister, making him the only leadership candidate with a higher rating than Labour leader Sir Keir on 33 percent. An Ipsos poll of 2019 Conservative voters also found a significant lead for Mr Sunak, with 55 percent backing him to be a good prime minister, followed by Ms Truss on 39 percent and Ms Mordaunt on 33 percent. But the survey of 1,000 British adults, carried out on Tuesday and Wednesday, found Mr Sunak was by far the most well-known of the candidates. Some 60 percent said they knew a great deal or a fair amount about him, and 56 percent correctly identified him as the former chancellor.