Manchester United could pounce to sign Paulo Dybala this summer. The Argentina star is currently a free agent after leaving Juventus, who were happy to let him go as they plan for a brighter future. And a potential move to Old Trafford could be on the cards for the striker, who was told to join the Red Devils by Cristiano Ronaldo throughout their time in Turin together. Manchester United are in the mix to sign Dybala this summer. The Argentina international opted to leave Juventus on a free transfer after seven successful years in Turin, having moved from Palermo back in the summer of 2015. And Juventus were more than happy to let Dybala go, with the Old Lady set to use the funds on deals for Paul Pogba and Angel Di Maria. In 2019, Dybala was on United’s radar at a time where the Serie A giants were sniffing around Romelu Lukaku - who Ole Gunnar Solskjaer had deemed surplus to requirements. And the Daily Mail said at the time that Ronaldo had been imploring Dybala to leave Juventus for Manchester. It was claimed the Portugal international had told his younger team-mate about how he’d become a ‘champion’ during his time in England. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez Yet that ‘resounding endorsement’ didn’t pay off, with Dybala ultimately staying at Juventus instead. United were unable to bring in a new forward, though did take Odion Ighalo on loan in the January transfer window of 2020. Now, years on, Dybala could be about to finally make the move to the Premier League. He had been expected to move to Inter Milan but, with the Serie A titans landing Lukaku on loan, that isn’t expected to happen now. And that gives United a window. Dybala could actually end up replacing Ronaldo, who is keen to leave the club for a team with Champions League football to offer next term. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen That’s something United can’t provide, having finished sixth amid a chaotic campaign under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick. But United remain adamant their No 7 won’t be allowed to leave, despite links to the likes of Chelsea, Bayern Munich and Barcelona. Therefore, Ronaldo and Dybala may actually end up being reunited with each other - having spent three years at Juventus as team-mates. Whether United have the duo in their team by the time they lock horns with Brighton on August 7 remains to be seen. Yet United are probing a deal for the Argentine who, if he signs, would be a good asset for Erik ten Hag to have. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team Regarding Ronaldo, meanwhile, Louis Saha thinks the Portugal international wanting to leave Old Trafford is a hammer blow for his old side. "I'm more concerned about losing Cristiano Ronaldo [than Manchester United's lack of transfer activity this summer],” he told Sky Sports. “Finding a new striker that is going to get you 25 to 30 goals, it's going to be tough. This is something they need to consider for a year. "When you are a player like Cristiano Ronaldo you want to win the Champions League and break records there. “Those are the kind of discussions you have when you're a world-class player with these stats. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. "Man Utd as a club is below that level, is not playing well and the manager is new so maybe Ten Hag's plan is a middle-term one and the short-term one for Ronaldo is just one or two years at the top level. That's a conflict in some way. "I'm not happy with [United fans asking Ronaldo to go] as Ronaldo has done his part. “He's provided some terrific performances and he's been a leader and behaved when times were hard and demanding. "Asking to have consideration in terms of the plan and seeing there are players signing in rival clubs, it's not nice. "You have to look at other teams, Man City have done business that is really complimentary and fits really well their plan. Arsenal today and other clubs have done their business." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here