Amazon has just slashed the price of its award-winning Eero Wi-Fi boosters which can help beam broadband around the home at much faster and more reliable speeds. The deal, which is available right now to all Prime members, means you can take delivery of these boosters for as little as £49.99 - that's a bit of a bargain. Amazon has even cut the cost of its very latest Eero Pro 6 range which features improved Wi-Fi 6 technology which can cope with faster downloads and more devices connected to it at the same time - some Eero devices can keep over 75 gadgets online without things stuttering. For bigger properties, there are also full Wi-Fi systems on offer which include three mesh-style boosters to make sure every room in the home stays connected. These whole home kits now start from around £209 which is over £100 off the standard price. If your Wi-Fi is weak, buying a booster is a good idea, especially if your current router hasn't been upgraded in a while. All of the main Internet Service Providers (ISPs) include free routers with their plans but they are not always the best at beaming the signal around larger homes and out into the garden. If you've just built a home office at the bottom of your outdoor space then a mesh network can also help to make sure your Zooms aren't interrupted. If you do decide to splash out and buy a device such as Eero it's also worth noting that these products won't make broadband speeds physically faster as that's all controlled by what your ISP offers and what plan you have opted for. However, a new booster can make speeds much more reliable and they also offer bonus features such as smart home controls, parental locks and the ability to create a guest network so visitors can use your broadband without getting the full access password. If that's got you thinking of upgrading then here are all the best Eero deals: Amazon eero mesh Wi-Fi routerNOW £49.99 - SAVE £20SEE THE DEAL HERE Amazon eero Pro 6 tri-band mesh Wi-Fi 6 systemNOW £124.99 - SAVE £84.01SEE THE DEAL HERE Amazon eero 6+ (3 pack)NOW £209.99 - SAVE £109.01SEE THE DEAL HERE Amazon eero Pro 6 (3 pack)NOW £334.99 - SAVE £224.01SEE THE DEAL HERE