Derek Chisora’s trainer Don Charles has risked upsetting his fighter by claiming he'd much prefer him to face Joe Joyce over Deontay Wilder. Joyce is currently looking for an opponent for a September 24 date having recently returned to the ring after a 12-month layoff to stop durable Romanian gatekeeper, Christian Hammer, earlier this month. ‘The Juggernaut’ is currently the mandatory challenger for the WBO heavyweight title – held by Oleksandr Usyk – and is keenly awaiting the outcome of the Ukrainian’s rematch with Anthony Joshua on August 20. In the meanwhile, he has chosen to keep himself active and will box again in two months’ time. And according to heavyweight specialist, Charles, there is no better fight for Joyce than Chisora despite his fighter's keenness to face Wilder next. Talking to SecondsOut, he said: “Ideally the person I would like Derek to fight, me personally, my first choice would be Joe Joyce – someone of that calibre and his positioning of where he is at the moment, what Joe has done for himself, remarkably really really well.” Chisora recently called out Wilder after recording a split decision victory over Kubrat Pulev in his last fight and although Charles would prefer the Joyce fight, he believes Chisora can nullify Wilder’s power. He continued: “It wouldn’t be my first choice opponent [Wilder] but I share everybody’s concern, the fans they only care for Derek hence why they’re saying ‘retire’ or ‘don’t fight Wilder’. As human beings what beats us sometimes is fear. Everybody has fear, It’s how you deal with that fear. I share their concern but I can assure people if we do consider to take that fight I can assure you guys that we will nullify that right hand of his.” Joyce’s name recently popped up in discussions about who should fight the winner of Usyk and Joshua next. The sanctioning body rotational system suggests that the WBA mandatory will be selected as the next challenger for the victor’s WBA (super), WBO, and IBF belts which could be either WBA (regular) champion Daniel Dubois or No 1 ranked Michael Hunter. MORE BOXING NEWS... Joshua battleplan for Usyk tweaked ahead of crunch clash Fury and Warren sent desperate message by Derek Chisora after fallout Joshua makes coach admission after picking 'bad boy' for Usyk rematch If things don’t go to plan and the opportunity goes to Joyce next, legendary trainer Teddy Atlas believes Joyce would knock out Joshua providing he beats the Ukrainian next month. “Joe Joyce could wind up fighting the winner of Usyk and Joshua. I’ll tell you something I think he knocks out Joshua. How does that feel for you Brits? Put that in your pipe and smoke it,” said Atlas during an episode of his podcast ‘The Fight’.