Lewis Hamilton has moaned after suffering from bouncing with his Mercedes car despite the team bringing new upgrades for the British Grand Prix. Hamilton said the car was “bouncing a lot in the high speeds” after just a handful of laps in the second practice session.  His message came just 15 minutes into the session, the first dry running of the weekend after a rain-affected FP1. However, the bouncing issues do not appear to have slowed down the seven-time champion. The Briton set a lap just one-tenth slower than the pace-setting Ferrari of Carlos Sainz midway through the session in a glimpse of the new car's potential. Russell struggled in the opening stages of FP2, complaining of “no grip” as he set a time only quick enough for eighth. However, the former Williams man eventually found performance during the long runs. He was told by his race engineer that he was “matching the pace" of the Ferrari pair. Mercedes have introduced a wide range of updates for Silverstone with a new floor and new wing the standout parts. The team had arrived at Silverstone optimistic of a good result due to the smooth nature of the circuit. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton and George Russell set for 'big ticket' upgrades    In the run up to the weekend, Mercedes technical director James Allison stressed the team were “optimistic”of being more competitive. He explained: “Everyone in our factory doesn’t dare say it but we are cautiously optimistic of having a more competitive weekend than some of those we’ve had of later. “I think some characteristics of this circuit will suit this car but we don’t have a car capable of winning from the front yet. But I think as long as we can get the car tamed through Maggots, Becketts and around the faster of the corners then I think we have a decent chance of a competitive showing this weekend.” Last time out in Canada, Mercedes claimed they had solved their porpoising issues. DON'T MISSChristian Horner 'appalled' by Piquet remarks and is 'behind' Hamilton [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton racism storm intensifies with ANOTHER Piquet slur  [COMMENT]Lewis Hamilton concedes defeat in jewellery row with FIA  [ANALYSIS] They explained they had “got on top” of the issues in Barcelona at the Spanish Grand Prix. The Silver Arrows has fared better at purpose-built circuits so far this season compared to bumpier street tracks. Barcelona was the last permanent venue F1 visited after two street races back-to-back in Azerbaijan and Canada.