Gloucester Constabulary has the largest full electric fleet in the UK, with 21 percent of their 435 vehicles being electric. Chris Nelson, Conservative Police and Crime Commissioner for Gloucester, said officers who were driving the electric vehicles had difficult experiences finding chargers in the county. He said the vehicles using their lights, radio and sirens were in danger of “running out of puff”. Mr Nelson acknowledged that some officers, especially in more rural areas, were having issues locating charging stations. Speaking at a recent police and crime panel, the PCC said he was concerned about the operational impact electric vehicles were having on the force. A Labour councillor, Steve Robinson, had asked Mr Nelson whether he supported the use of electric cars. READ MORE: EU speed limiters to be introduced today despite driver concerns He said he backed the use of electric cars, especially within the police, but admitted they were not without their problems. He added: “We've all got to go towards electric vehicles. We have the largest fleet by percentage size – that has brought its problems. "The design options available for electric vehicles for operational uses are not perhaps as advanced as I would like them to be. "So, let's put it like this, I'm cautious about going any further down that road at this stage. DON'T MISSUK drivers hesitant to switch to less-known electric cars like Rivian [INSIGHT]Supermarket 'fuel price wars' over with no incentive to cut costs [SHOCKING]Drivers to be charged £4,500 every year under Sadiq Khan's new plans [WARNING] “I'd like to see more operational choice so that, for instance, if an officer is out in a rural area on a road traffic accident and his lights are on, his radio is on, his heater is on, I wouldn't want him to run out of power for all of those different facilities simply because he or she is in an electric car,” the Local Democracy Reporting Service (LDRS) said. According to a recent Freedom of Information request, 10 police forces are yet to purchase any electric vehicles. British police have been testing out Tesla’s as part of the drive, saying early findings had shown “great results”. A spokesperson for Tesla said the Model 3 had been able to do over 200 miles of blue light advanced driving. It was able able to take part in runs that lasted four hours on active deployment under “advanced driving conditions”. The tests come as police forces prepare for the 2030 ban on the sale of new petrol and diesel vehicles. Mr Nelson continued, saying: “I've heard lots of problems with officers driving around in electric vehicles having problems trying to find recharging facilities. "Running out of puff and then having to get another vehicle. "So, although the world is going down that road and I fully understand and support climate controls and green areas, it's definitely an important thing but my first priority is to fight crime. "And therefore, I have to take the operational effect into account.” Police Scotland has spent almost £20million on a fleet of electric cars in a bid to become the “greenest force” in Britain. According to data, it has bought 599 specially adapted Hyundai Kona models at a cost of £15.2million in the last three years. A further £3.1million has been spent on 130 charging points at 26 stations across the country. That number is expected to increase to 400 over 50 sites.