Piers Morgan has been lambasted for his claims that Sir Mo Farah, 39, “lied to him” on his programme, Life Stories, following the news that the Olympic gold medallist, 39, was trafficked into the UK as a child. The former Good Morning Britain host, 57, was criticised on social media for making the decorated athlete's confession “all about him”. On Twitter, Piers told his 7.9 million followers: “Mo Farah lied to me in front of millions about his Life Story but I’ve never been prouder of my friend now I know the shocking truth.” In response, his followers were less than impressed by his remarks, as they offered their views on the situation. @C4syth86 remarked: “‘How can I make this about me?’” @FreeCapitalist1 commented: “How have you managed to make this story about you.” READ MORE: Holly Willoughby mercilessly mocked over listing 'moon' as employee Days ago, Sir Mo revealed he has been hiding the truth about his life for decades — and even his name is not real. The four-time Olympic champion bravely admitted making up key details about moving to the UK. He previously claimed to have joined his dad, but has since revealed he was killed in the Somalian civil war. Sir Mo — real name Hussein Abdi Kahin — appeared in a BBC documentary where he said he was trafficked here to work as a servant. The running legend added that he fears losing his UK citizenship. However, this morning a Home Office spokesperson said: “No action whatsoever will be taken against Sir Mo and to suggest otherwise is wrong.” In the documentary, the married father of three bravely admitted: “There’s something about me you don’t know. It’s a secret that I’ve been hiding since I was a child. “I’ve been keeping it for so long, it’s been difficult because you don’t want to face it. Often my kids ask questions — ‘Dad, how come this?’ And you’ve always got an answer for everything, but you haven’t got an answer for that DONT MISS:Dan Walker slams Lord Sugar amid complaints about female commentators (PHOTOS)Sir Tom Jones, 82, 'seen by doctors after collapsing on tour' (NEWS)Eva Longoria, 47, goes topless after showing off incredible figure (LATEST) “That’s the main reason for telling my story because I want to feel normal and not feel like you’re holding on to something. “To be able to face it and talk about the facts, how it happened, why it happened, it’s tough. The truth is I’m not who you think I am. And now whatever the cost, I need to tell my real story," he explained. The revelations are laid bare in a new BBC1 documentary, The Real Mo Farah, which airs tomorrow night. In it, Sir Mo — who has decided to keep his assumed identity — fears he could be stripped of his British citizenship for giving false details in his application.   The 2012 Olympic legend, knighted five years ago, had always insisted his father was an IT consultant called Muktar who was born and brought up in London. He claimed his dad then moved to Mogadishu and met his mother before returning to the UK, followed by his son when the Somalian civil war deepened. However, his father was actually a farmer called Abdi who was killed in the conflict when his son was four. His mother Aisha later sent him to neighbouring Djibouti for his safety as she she wanted him to be reunited with his twin brother, Hassan. Instead, one of his own relatives may have helped to illegally traffic him to the UK, through a mystery woman. He said: "The hardest thing is admitting to myself that someone from my own family may have been involved in trafficking me."