Former Chelsea full-back Glen Johnson has explained exactly how Manchester United can beat the Blues to the signing of Frenkie de Jong after Thomas Tuchel’s side joined the race for the Barcelona midfielder. United have reportedly agreed a fee for the Dutchman but still have obstacles to overcome to sign the 24-year-old, while Chelsea do hold an interest in the player. Johnson believes that if United and Chelsea both offered the same contract to De Jong then it would be a “no-brainer” for him to move to Stamford Bridge, and that the Red Devils will need to spend to convince the Dutchman to join. “They can beat Chelsea to the signing of Frenkie de Jong,” Johnson told BettingOdds. “But only if they break the bank. If you’re the player and you’ve got two of the same offer, one from Manchester United and the other from Chelsea, then it’s a no brainer, you’re going to go to Chelsea all day long. “Manchester United no longer have that authority. There was a time when Manchester United came knocking and the answer would be ‘yes’. They can only sign players now that Liverpool, Manchester City, Chelsea, Real Madrid and Bayern Munich don’t want, unless they’re going to double the player’s salary.” JUST IN: Newcastle 'ready to smash' transfer record for Alexander Isak One of the major barriers United have to overcome is convincing De Jong to join the club, despite employing his former Ajax coach Erik ten Hag. The playmaker reportedly wants to stay at the club and prove his worth under Xavi, but both clubs remain hopeful a deal can be struck. United have reportedly set Barcelona a deadline of Friday to push through the move, or they will turn their attention to other targets. Ten Hag began his United career with a bang after thrashing Liverpool 4-0 in a pre-season friendly on Tuesday in Bangkok. Jadon Sancho, Fred, Anthony Martial and Facundo Pellistri got on the scoresheet as Cristiano Ronaldo remains absent due to personal reasons, which the club have accepted. DON'T MISSManchester United boss Erik ten Hag warned he may have a new Paul PogbaCristiano Ronaldo 'impressed by Richard Arnold' as Man Utd chief makes stance clearChelsea 'very close to signing Koulibaly' in £34m transfer deal for Tuchel Chelsea may be in the market for a striker this summer in addition to De Jong and could move for Ronaldo, as new Blues owner and acting sporting director Todd Boehly did meet with the Portuguese legend’s agent Jorge Mendes and one of the topics they discussed was the idea of the 37-year-old moving to Stamford Bridge. Johnson however believes they should look elsewhere. “If you’re choosing a player to improve the starting eleven, then I’d go for Robert Lewandowski over Cristiano Ronaldo,” Johnson added. “All day long. If it’s commercial, then I can understand if you opted for Cristiano Ronaldo. “If I could only take one, then I’d take Lewandowski as he can improve the team straight away and I do believe Chelsea need a striker.”