According to reports, Jorge Mendes has tried to use ‘loyalty’ as a bargaining tool to get Cristiano Ronaldo a move away from Manchester United this summer. However, amid claims he could seal a controversial move to Atletico Madrid, it wouldn’t be a surprise to see such a move happen. Especially if past comments are anything to go by. Manchester United want to keep Ronaldo. That’s something they’ve said both publicly and privately, with Erik ten Hag insisting he’s planned for the upcoming season with the veteran in his plans. But despite Ronaldo recently returning to Carrington, the 37-year-old is still eager to leave for a Champions League team as he enters the twilight years of his career. And while he may be loyal to United, past comments suggest he wouldn’t be opposed to joining a rival. Back in 2015, Ronaldo was quizzed on the possibility of one day playing for Barcelona - despite being a Real Madrid player at the time. And he caused controversy by saying: "It's a little more difficult, but… Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative "There are things that you kind of already have an idea, that to play one day for Barcelona would be almost impossible, or to play for another English club other than Manchester, it's very complicated. "But that's not 100 per cent guaranteed. As I said before, there are no certainties in football. “Everything is open, all leagues. I may end my career here with Real Madrid. I'm just being honest. "I don't know what's going to happen tomorrow. If I was 75 per cent certain, I would say so, it wouldn't be a problem. But I have no idea." Ronaldo’s comments didn’t sit well with Real fans. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong But it shows that while he may have doubts over moving to a rival, or former rival, it’s still an option he’d consider. Ronaldo, obviously, didn’t go on to spend the rest of his career at Real Madrid as he said he’d like to at the time. And it’ll be interesting to see what comes next. Ronaldo was interested in a move to Chelsea, despite knowing United would loathe to lose him to a direct Premier League rival. The Blues are no longer pursuing a deal, however, with manager Thomas Tuchel making it clear he doesn’t see the United star as part of his plans. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. Bayern Munich have also downplayed interest, while Real Madrid have ruled out a stunning return for the player this summer. And it appears Ronaldo is running out of options despite his desire to seek a new challenge elsewhere. Former United star Nani, meanwhile, recently claimed he wanted to see his compatriot stay at Old Trafford and get the club back to where they used to be. “I hope so,” said Nani. “He’s an important player and a player who always makes a difference. “I hope he’s in a good mood to help the club, so hopefully he’ll stay.” Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team And he also backed Ten Hag, saying: “He’s a great manager. He’s been doing great. “Hopefully he can help the lads to perform and do their best. “You need to look forward, but I just want to wish all the success for the new coach and the new team. “I hope the club can get back to the position where they belong and start winning all the trophies again that we are missing so much.” United last won a trophy back in 2017, when Jose Mourinho was manager. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here