As the cost of living continues to rise, many households may be looking for ways they can save hundreds of pounds each month.As a parent, Meadow Doyen, 42, is always looking for ways to cut costs to manage these rising bills and provide for her family. She spoke exclusively with Express.co.uk about how she was able to save £1,400 and how others can too. Meadow recently signed up to the YoungPlanet app which helps families cut costs as well as reduce the environmental impact of their waste. Whilst she was pregnant, a friend suggested downloading YoungPlanet to get baby's items. Meadow said: “Managing with all the bills put a lot of pressure on me especially as I was expecting another child. READ MORE: National Insurance threshold warning as the rise could impact your state pension "We got a pram, a bouncing chair, bottles, a breast pump, nappies, baby clothes, nappy bin recharge bags, a milk bag, carrier seat, play mat, soft books and toys!!” The main aim of Young Planet is to help families reduce their waste and become more environmentally conscious. But it also helps parents receive high-quality things for their children at no extra cost, which can be of huge help at the moment. The top 10 percent of YoungPlanet users have saved £1,672 each so Britons are encouraged to raid through their wardrobes to see what they don't use. People can swap something in and get another for free and make savings over the year. Meadow continued: “It’s a lot of money to save, especially with the way things are. I am so lucky that I was able to get all these things for free. “The most expensive thing was the pram which would retail at around £500 for a used one. “All the items are in such good condition as well, it’s a steal.” Meadow said she would recommend Young Planet to any families or households who may need new things as there are many things people just give away. People do not always have to give away their items either to receive something for free. “You have nothing to lose,” she said. Jason Ash, co-founder of circular economy app YoungPlanet, explained that giving away unwanted clothes and being able to receive items for free could be a lifeline for many. He said: “The cost of living crisis means having to choose between buying food or turning the heating on - a choice no family should have to face. “By helping parents cut their costs and reduce the environmental impact of their waste, we’re building a community of environmentally and financially conscious sharers. “Our users save an average of £265 a year through the app and we have helped British households save over £1million on parenting and children’s items.”