 The £150 rebate which was given to those in the council tax brackets A to D, has already been paid to most eligible households who pay their bill by direct debit. This is because the refund was automatically given through the direct debit details. The rebate also included those who receive Local Council Tax Support, even if their council tax bill for the year is less than £150.     However, those who do not pay by direct debit have to actively apply for their money. Different councils across the country have different approaches to how residents can do this. Anyone who has yet to receive the cash is being urged to act now so they do not risk missing out. Britons should first check their local authority’s website to find out what their council is doing. People can also check the social media accounts of their local council as many have used this to spread the information. READ MORE: State pensioners may be able to increase sum by up to £14.75 weekly    Local authorities have also been told to make arrangements for those who can't access the internet and people can contact their council by phone if help is needed. Some households will need to share their bank details with their local council through an online form to claim the money. While others are being sent vouchers, which can be redeemed at a Post Office branch. Warnings have been issued from local authorities as scammers are contacting people pretending to be from the council asking people to hand over their bank details to receive the rebate. Age UK issued a warning about the hoax scheme, with fraudsters contacting people over the phone and by email.      The charity said: “Local councils say they would never cold call or email and ask for your bank details to make the payment. Do not give out your details.” Councils have until the end of September to get the money to people in their area. Some areas have, however, already closed their applications. People who have missed the deadline for their local council can still claim the money but this will be in the form of credit on the council tax account and not actual cash. Levelling Up secretary Greg Clark said: "The cost of living is at the forefront of everyone’s minds and the support the government has put in place is helping millions of households, especially those most in need, manage these pressures. READ MORE: ‘Game over!’ Woman, 42, watches as hackers steal £10,000 in attack  “We want to make sure everyone who is entitled to this cash receives it, so I urge people to check their bank accounts and speak to their council if they are yet to receive their £150 council tax rebate.” The Government announced that since April 1, 15 million households had received the £150 rebate by the end of June. This is equivalent to around 80 percent of those who are eligible for the money. However, as 20 million Britons are eligible for the money, it means that around five million people are yet to receive it. To tackle the continuing cost of living crisis, low-income households are receiving a one-off £650 payment.    This is to be paid in instalments with the first £326 being paid from July 14 to 31. The second instalment is to be paid into the Autumn. Pensioners will also receive a £300 payment in the winter months alongside the Winter Fuel Payment, while £150 will be paid by September to individuals receiving disability benefits. Every household in the country will also get a £400 discount on energy bills   