Her Majesty appeared steady on her feet as she officially opened the new £22million Thames Hospice building in Maidenhead on Friday. In a video by Allison Sharpe, one of the volunteers at the hospice who lined up to catch a glimpse of the Queen during her surprise visit, the 96-year-sovereign can be seen leaving the building in short, quick strides while speaking to one of her hosts. In the clip, shared exclusively with Express.co.uk, many members of the public waiting for the monarch joined in a chorus of "hip hip hooray" in her honour, while others thanked Her Majesty. The Queen smiled widely and waved at some of the well-wishers, before bidding farewell to her host and departing from the hospice. Some eagle-eyed royal watchers noticed the monarch presented a purple bruise on the back of one of her hands. Nevertheless, Mrs Sharpe, 59, stressed the Queen appeared in excellent form. Asked how the Queen looked, she told Express.co.uk: "She had her stick with her but she walked quite purposefully. "Being somebody of that age, you do easily bruise. "But nobody at all commented on her health. She looked very well." Speaking further about the royal visit, Mrs Sharpe said: "It was thrilling, it was magical actually. READ MORE: Queen laughs as chat with hospice user interrupted by husband's phone "She was sparkling and so happy and obviously very pleased to be doing the visit. "I’m sure she must get quite frustrated with her mobility issues, so she was obviously well enough to be able to come out for the day. "It just made it so special. The expectation and excitement of seeing her was palpable. "You could feel that through the crowd there."  The Queen was accompanied to the Maidenhead hospice by her daughter Princess Anne. This move was described by the Daily Express royal correspondent Richard Palmer as a "fall back position". Given the monarch has been experiencing episodic mobility issues over the past months which, at times, had forced her to pull out of events, Mr Palmer believes the Palace is now pairing up the Queen with other members of her family to make sure, even if the monarch needs to pull out of an engagement last minute, royal fans will still be able to enjoy the visit of a member of the Firm. Appearing on the Express Royal Round Up, Mr Palmer said: "You know, most of the engagements she does now, same as the other day when she did one with Prince Charles, the idea is if at the last minute she says she cannot make it then there is always another member of the royal family waiting to stand in for her." During her visit to Maidenhead, the Queen met one of the hospice's patients, Pat White, and her husband Graham. She also chatted to staff and marked her presence by unveiling a commemorative plaque and signing the guestbook. This was the fourth visit to a Thames Hospice - an organisation providing palliative care to people with life-limiting illnesses - carried out by the sovereign, and it took place 35 years after she unveiled the first hospice of this organisation in November 1987. In 2002, the Queen returned to the Thames Valley Hospice at Pine Lodge on Hatch Lane in Windsor to launch a new extension to the building, and once again in 2012 to commemorate the charity's 25th year. The Queen first sparked concerns for her health on October 20 last year, when she cancelled a planned trip to Northern Ireland organised to mark its centenary. The Maidenhead visit marked the fourth official engagement outside one of her residences since last autumn. In March, the monarch headed to Westminster Abbey for the service of thanksgiving dedicated to Prince Philip. In May, she surprised royal fans by joining Prince Edward at Paddington Station for the launch of the Elizabeth Line. A few weeks later, she joined other royals to tour the Chelsea Flower Show, albeit on a golf cart.