Cristiano Ronaldo will not complete a shock move to Barcelona, according to reports. The 37-year-old has allegedly told Manchester United that he wishes to leave if the Red Devils receive a suitable offer, but he will not depart to his former fierce rivals Barca. Ronaldo is apparently frustrated by the slow approach to United’s summer transfer business. In addition, a sixth-placed finish last season means he will miss out on featuring in next season’s Champions League if he remains at the Premier League club. New boss Erik ten Hag has only confirmed one fresh arrival despite United needing to upgrade in several positions. Talks over a deal for Barca midfielder Frenkie de Jong have been protracted, causing further frustration. Ronaldo signed a two-year deal when he returned to Old Trafford last summer but could cut short his stay after just 12 months. Several reports claimed last week that the forward had told his inner circle of his desire to leave. JUST IN: Cristiano Ronaldo snubs Harry Maguire due to 'issue' in Man Utd group The Athletic then reported at the weekend that Ronaldo had directly told the United hierarchy that he wished to depart if an acceptable offer was made. The Portugal captain has not yet returned to United’s pre-season base for pre-season training, although it is thought that his absence has not been prompted by his transfer demand. Speculation over where Ronaldo will play next season has been rife, but he will not join Barcelona. That is according to Portuguese football expert Pedro Sepulveda, who insists that agent Jorge Mendes was not in the Catalan city recently to discuss Ronaldo’s future. Mendes was apparently in Barcelona but was instead holding talks over potential moves for clients Bernardo Silva and Ruben Neves. Both players - team-mates of Ronaldo for Portugal - have been linked with transfers to the La Liga club. DON'T MISS...Ronaldo 'better signing than Sterling' as Chelsea told to sign starWhat Man Utd players are talking about instead of Cristiano RonaldoRonaldo 'questioned' Man Utd chiefs before transfer request Ronaldo, a Real Madrid icon, seemed unlikely to join Barca. He formed a tense battle with the Camp Nou side during his time at Los Blancos, and competed with Lionel Messi for the Ballon d’Or. He scored 20 goals in 34 El Clasico clashes, coming out on the winning team on 10 occasions. Chelsea have also been linked with a move for Ronaldo. It is unclear how much the striker, who scored 24 goals last season, would cost. New Blues chairman Todd Boehly is apparently keen to sign Ronaldo in a bid to replace Romelu Lukaku, who has joined Inter Milan. Boehly is also interim sporting director following the departure of Marina Granovskaia from Stamford Bridge, but it has been reported that Thomas Tuchel would be given the final say on whether Ronaldo should join the West Londoners.