How a blood clot affects the body is usually determined by its location, but it generally tends to be harmless so long as it doesn’t move. The majority of blood clots usually form inside the veins of the leg, pelvis, and sometimes arms, which is medically referred to as deep vein thrombosis. Certain sleeping positions may be conducive to the formation of risky clots. The body usually lies horizontally in bed, so there is rarely enough gradient impact blood flow to the limbs. When someone sleeps upright, however, problems may arise if blood flow is hindered. Harvard Health writes: "Sleeping sitting up in a recliner […] could in some cases raise your risk of deep vein thrombosis." A blood clot in a limb can occur if your arms or legs are both bent motionless for hours. READ MORE: Blood clot: The sign ‘when standing or walking' The health body adds: "Obstructive sleep apnoea might also increase your risk of recurrent heart attack, stroke and abnormal heartbeats." There is some evidence that sleeping on the left side of the body may also affect the organ’s electrical signals. There is some evidence that sleeping on the left side of the body may also affect the organ’s electrical signals. However, Monica Wassermann, Medical Director at Oliolusso added: "There is not enough proof to support the idea that left-side sleeping can increase your risk of heart attacks or disorders, especially in individuals with a healthy heart.  READ MORE: Blood clot signs: The indicator in your sweat "The only known risks of sleeping on the left side might be experienced in people with prevailing heart disorders and might include pain, changes in ECG activity as the electrical currents or signals are interrupted, difficulty breathing and discomfort." Left side sleeping can trigger alterations or shifting of the heart movements but has not shown to heighten risks of heart attacks." The expert added: "There are no other sleeping positions associated with heart attack risks, though right-side sleeping can exert pressure on the vena cava, causing discomfort." What's more, pregnant women are sometimes advised to sleep on the left side of their body and avoid sleeping on their back to ease pressure on the uterus, which is a known risk factor for deep vein thrombosis.