Those looking to replace Boris Johnson as Prime Minister must have the support of 20 MPs in order to formally enter the race. The deadline for nominations is tonight, leaving those without the necessary support with less than 24 hours to make their case to their Tory colleagues. Rishi Sunak, Penny Mordaunt and Tom Tugendhat were the only candidates clear of danger ahead of nomination day. With just hours now left for the remaining candidates to rally support, Ms Truss has finally managed to get herself over the line. Paul Bristow became the latest supporter for the Foreing Secretary to give her the magic number necessary to proceed in the contest. Jeremy Hunt and Kemi Badenochare are both close to making it over the threshold. There were 11 candidates who had announced their intention to join the contest. READ MORE ON OUR TORY LEADERSHIP LIVE BLOG However, Grant Shapps this morning admitted defeat as he bowed out of the contest and threw his weight behind Rishi Sunak. He said: "Huge thanks to my team for helping to pull together my leadership bid in literally no time. "Amongst a field of brilliant candidates I've spoken to Rishi Sunak who I believe has the competence and experience to lead this country." Currently, Nadhim Zahawi has not received the backing of 20 MPs, but the Chancellor said this morning he was confident he had the numbers to make it over the line by tonight's 6pm deadline. He told BBC Breakfast: "We will be putting our nomination in later today. "I'm confident I have the backing of my colleagues." Sources close to Suella Braverman's campaign say she too has the backing to meet the threshold. DON'T MISS: Priti Patel meets Brexiteers as she mulls Tory leadership bid [INSIGHT]Zahawi's leadership speech plunged into chaos as crowd member FAINTS [UPDATE]Sajid Javid rips into Rishi as he attacks Sunak for months of plotting [REACTION] Currently, Nadhim Zahawi has not received the backing of 20 MPs, but the Chancellor said this morning he was confident he had the numbers to make it over the line by tonight's 10pm deadline.  Sir Graham Brady, chairman of the 1922 Committee that organises Conservative leadership elections, last night said the first ballot of MPs will take place on Wednesday with candidates needing at least 30 votes to progress. A second round of balloting will then take place on Thursday.  The senior backbencher said he was hopeful the party would be down to just two candidates by the end of the week. "I am very keen we get this concluded as smoothly, cleanly, and rapidly as possible," Sir Graham said last night. "There seems to be a quite a big field at the moment, a lively contest. "I hope we will have a very constructive contest, but also a really good opportunity for a proper, healthy, constructive debate about the future direction of the Conservative Party." He added the new leader would be announced on September 5 but would not say when the final vote would take place. Nusrat Ghani, vice-chair of the 1922 committee admitted this morning that it "isn't going to be an easy task" for candidates to meet the 20 nominations from MPs required to enter the contest.  "I'm wishing good luck to every candidate," she told BBC Radio 4's Today programme. "Securing the support of 20 backers isn't going to be an easy task. "At the moment, I believe there are 11, there could be 12. "Let's see by 10pm tonight who's been able to get the nomination."