Marcus (played by Darcy Grey) has settled in quite well to the village of Emmerdale in recent weeks, having moved in with Ethan Anderson (Emile John) as their relationship has gone through the stages rather quickly. The relative newcomer to the ITV soap has also developed a bond with his boyfriend's father, Charles Anderson (Kevin Mathurin), which has caused some friction. However, with the peace finally made in Monday's episode of the ITV soap, the father and so duo were left shaken when they discovered their long-lost daughter and sister Naomi (Karene Peter) had gone missing. But does Marcus have something to do with this? When the news came through, Charles felt a huge sense of guilt as he realised his reluctance to meet his daughter had led her to go off the radar. This led the vicar to hit out at Marcus, who seemed to be wanting to help his boyfriend's father and as he left them to it, the heartthrob did some research of his own. As he went to explain what he'd found out about Naomi to Ethan later in the episode, Charles walked in with his tail between his legs. "What do you want?" Ethan asked, with the churchgoer stating: "I came to apologise, I shouldn't have snapped like I did. "Marcus, I assure you, it's nothing that you did. I'm just upset with my own actions. I took it out on you and that was wrong," he continued. READ MORE: Jane McDonald suffers wardrobe 'disaster' painting challenge "That's all I wanted to say, I will leave you two alone," he said but before he left, Marcus wanted to tell him about his research. The heartthrob explained: "I was just about to tell Ethan I did a bit of looking around online for Naomi." Ethan replied: "That's pointless, I've tried that dozens of times. I was curious but all her accounts are set to private so I didn't see anything." Going on to reveal what he'd found, Marcus added: "Yes, her main profile is but I managed to find things she liked; groups, people, places. I think I found the bar she works at." Not too sure where his son's boyfriend was going with this, Charles told Marcus: "I don't see how that helps, we know she hasn't been there." "Yes, but the other people that work there, their privacy settings are all over the place," Marcus continued to explain. "So I can see where they've checked in on staff nights out and just hanging out. "There's a few they go to quite regularly, thought it might be a good place to start looking," the heartthrob added, with the father and so really grateful for the effort he'd made. It seemed Marcus had also found a picture of Naomi and presented this to her concerned family, who had never seen her before. Charles and Ethan were delighted with the progress made to find the newcomer but all is might not be what it seems to be. DON'T MISS...Nicola Wheeler health: Emmerdale star opens up about operation [COMMENT]Charley Webb leaves Emmerdale co-stars in tears with moving clip [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Charley Webb laments 'crying, screaming and arguing' kids [COMMENT] This is because Marcus and Naomi could actually know each other and this might have been the real reason the heartthrob started a relationship with Ethan. Before coming to the village, something could have happened in Marcus's past which impacted his life and had ties to the Andersons. For years he could have been planning his revenge against them and it could have just so happened he met Naomi as part of this quest. As he got speaking with her, he could have learnt she hated her family just as much as he did as they gave her up at birth for adoption. Disclosing what the family did to him, the pair could have agreed to get justice, leading to Marcus' arrival in the village. Although initially he was brought in as part of Pierce Harris's (Jonathan Wrather) exit storyline, he could have spotted Ethan and realised this was his chance to get revenge. Telling Naomi about this, she could have encouraged him to form a fake relationship with her brother to get on the inside. With Marcus getting Ethan and Charles on his side, the second part of the revenge plan could have been enacted with Naomi staging her disappearance. Again, Marcus could have preempted Charles was going to snap at him and this gave him enough time to form a story about how he knew where Naomi was after tracking her down on social media. Later this week, Naomi will make her debut on the show as the father and brother come face to face with the young woman for the first time. However, how will they react once they discover she has been working with Marcus this whole time to get revenge on them? Speaking about joining the cast, the actress who plays Naomi, Karene, said: "My first day was shooting scenes where I find out about that and I have an argument with the bar manager because Naomi has got a bit of an edge. So that was really fun. "I feel like I should have been nervous but I really wasn't because everyone was great," she told Express.co.uk and other media. Will this newcomer really have a hidden agenda or will she genuinely want to get to know the family who turned their backs on her? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.