The Rolling Stones have been out in force, just last week headlining British Summer Time festival at Hyde Park, and will again take to the stage tomorrow. Tonight, a new documentary series starring Mick Jagger titled, My Life as a Rolling Stone, airs tonight on BBC Two.   The Stones have been together in some form or another since 1962, in that time each member experiencing their fair share of love, loss, excitement, depression, addiction, and everything else that comes with being a rock ‘n’ roll band. Something on the tragic side happened to Jagger not that long ago, after his girlfriend, L’Wren Scott, took her own life. The band was on its 2014 Australian tour at the time of Scott’s death. The tour was as a result immediately postponed as Jagger jetted off to New York where he was living with Scott at the time. He took to his website shortly after hearing the news to share a rare public statement about his emotional turmoil and heartache at the time. READ MORE: Elvis Presley 'gave Priscilla Presley pills' after moving her to a new country  Jagger wrote: “I am still struggling to understand how my lover and best friend could end her life in this tragic way. We spent many wonderful years together and had made a great life for ourselves. “She had a great presence and her talent was very much admired, not least by me. I have been touched by the tributes that people have paid to her and also the personal messages of support that I have received. I will never forget her." Scott had taken her own life in her Manhattan condo on March 17, 2014, and was discovered by her assistant, Brittany Penebre. Penebre had been told by Scott to come to the condo at 10am, and upon entering saw her body and immediately called 911. Scott had cancelled her London fashion Week show at the last minute, and some close friends noted she had been avoiding phone calls the week prior to her death. Reports suggest she did not leave any kind of note behind.     After her death, it was revealed her fashion business was in millions of pounds of debt, which, coupled with her suicide, was a shock for many of her adoring fans and closer acquaintances. Many believed the designer to ‘have it all’, with a successful and talented reputation, as well as a rock legend boyfriend. However, she was consistently determined to prove that her true claim to fame was not the man on her arm but rather her own work. During her time as Hollywood’s go-to stylist, Scott dressed the likes of Nicole Kidman, Mariah Carey and Renee Zellweger. She reportedly expressed wishes to marry Jagger. He had had an array of girlfriends, and even a wife, before meeting Scott.  However, reports at the time of their relationship consistently noted the pair’s undeniable respect for each other, something that had not been noted in Jagger’s previous relationships. Scott was not shy of intimidating people, and her naturally tall figure had a tendency to do as such. While she left no note, Scott did leave behind a will which instructed her last wishes: that she be cremated with half of her ashes being given to Jagger whilst the rest were to be buried with her parents. The will also requested that Jagger receive almost every penny she had at the time of her death. This included her $8million (£6.5million) apartment, and $1million (£821,000) in other valuables. Scott herself had had a few relationships and two marriages before finding Jagger.  The pair met at a restaurant in Paris, going for dinner and then clubbing, which Jagger recalled at her memorial service in New York. Once their relationship picked up Scott had insisted they keep it a secret, which they did for three years. This further proved Jagger’s admiration for Scott, as he had struggled to keep his affair while in a relationship with Jerry Hall out of the public eye. My Life as a Rolling Stone airs tonight at 9pm on BBC Two and The Rolling Stones stomp the stage at Hyde Park tomorrow afternoon. If you are struggling and have suicidal thoughts, know you are not alone and that help is available. Please contact any one of the following. In the UK, you can call the Samaritans free on 116 123 (the number will not appear on your telephone bill) or email jo@samaritans.org. In America, The National Suicide Prevention Lifeline is a network of more than 160 crisis centres that provide a 24-hour-a-day service via a free hotline on 00-1-800-273-8255. Lifeline is a national charity providing all Australians experiencing a personal crisis with access to 24-hour crisis support and suicide prevention services. Call 13-11-14. Help is ALWAYS available. If you need it, reach out.