The six-year-old rescue, named Chip, was collarless and alone when it mauled the small dog in County Durham last October. The chihuahua was being walked by its owner in the South Moor area of Stanley at the time of the horrifying incident. Durham Crown Court heard the snarling dog grabbed the chihuahua, called Toby, in its mouth and shook it from side to side, despite the efforts of its owner to free their pet. Eventually, risking an attack himself, the chihuahua's owner managed to wrestle it away and free his dog.But it was in vain as Toby tragically didn't survive the attack. Chip’s owner Derek Wilkinson, 47, later told police the dog hadn't been socialised and reacted badly to other dogs.  Mr Wilkinson had stayed out the previous night and said when he came back in the morning, Chip was missing. He said he kept the dog in a disused caravan in a yard opposite his house but believed someone must have left the gate open and let him out. Prosecutor Caroline McGurk said Chip's owner accused the chihuahua's owners of not telling the full truth in their police statement. Wilkinson said he believed the small dog had bitten Chip first, causing the rottweiler to act in self-defence. READ MORE: Bumper year for octopuses found off the Cornish coast However, Ms McGurk argued that the account given by the chihuahua's owners was corroborated by an independent witness who said he had to take an alternative route that morning in fear of being attacked by the Rottweiler. Chip was seized by police after the incident and kept in kennels where he was assessed. He was given an eight out of 10 "bite risk rating", as he became triggered by the presence of food and other dogs. The report noted that Chip can appear aggressive and vocal to others but he calms once he feels more comfortable around people. DON'T MISS: Puppies rescued after being abandoned in cage in car for 24 hours [INSIGHT]Heartbreak as elderly rescue dog overlooked as age putting people off [COMMENT]Cat warning: Urgent suncream alert issued as Britain set to bake [ANALYSIS] Ms McGurk highlighted the cost of keeping Chip in the kennels, which is said to be £10 per day and amounted to £2,510 - funded by the taxpayer. Mr Wilkinson attended a Magistrates Court hearing in May and was fined £80, and ordered to pay the chihuahua's owners £108 in compensation for the cremation fee. A destruction order was also placed on the Rottweiler but following an appeal, it was dropped, providing Mr Wilkinson does not allow Chip to be in public without a muzzle. The dog must also have a secure and suitable lead, and be in the care and control of those aged 25 and over. 