Foxgloves can be biennials or short-lived perennials that are grown for their tall spires of tubular flowers. They can bloom for several months, usually from late spring or early summer. With so many varieties on the market, gardeners can really tailor the flower into their garden needs. Sharing advice on sowing the flower in an episode of Gardening With Carol Klein, the expert showed viewers how to sow foxglove seeds. Carol said: “I love this moment when you’re getting your seed tray ready. “I’m going to sow these beautiful tiny little seeds. “Now if you want your foxgloves to be just where you want them to be, you want to plant them very deliberately around your garden. “They’re biennials, so this is the right time to sow them.” READ MORE: 'Energy bill already 50% less': Crucial guidance to keep costs down Sowing the seed now means they will develop into small seedlings within six weeks. Carol added: “I can then pick them out individually and pot them on. “I’ll end up by the autumn with big plants to put out. “They’ll grow over winter and next year, we will see those towering spikes rising up all over the garden.” DON'T MISS:Four important factors to consider if your plants aren’t blooming [EXPERT]Homes Under the Hammer buyer boosts flat value by £175k [PICTURES]Rory McIlroy shares glimpse into ‘stunning’ £8.6m mansion [INSIGHT] To begin with, the gardening expert pinched a small amount of seed. She then sprinkled them on top of the compost. Carol said: “I can just feel the seed between my fingers. I’ve probably got enough to sow a couple of trays. “It’s so tempting to say they’re only just tiny seeds and sow the lot, but you really must try and sow them very sparsely.” READ MORE: Homes Under the Hammer transforms ‘uninhabitable’ flat Gardeners should water newly planted foxgloves regularly for at least the first few months. This helps them until their roots have spread out into the soil. The Royal Horticultural Society (RHS) added that established plants should only need watering in long dry spells during the summer. They said: “Wilting large leaves are a good indicator that plants need a good long soak. “Foxgloves growing in containers need regular watering throughout the growing season, as the compost will dry out quickly, especially in summer. “Aim to keep the compost slightly moist but never waterlogged.” Deadheading the plant regularly can help conserve their energy. This must be done as soon as the flowering has stopped and it stops them producing seeds. The RHS added: “It can also sometimes help biennial foxgloves live and flower for an extra year, and also improves the longevity of perennial foxgloves.”