Wimbledon has returned at full capacity for the first time in three years, since the outbreak of coronavirus and national lockdowns, and so far it is down 11 percent compared to 2019. Tennis enthusiasts have attributed the lower-than-expected turnout to fewer international spectators due to the absence of grand slam legend Roger Federer. The Swiss champion is not taking part in this year’s tournament as he is still in recovery after undergoing knee surgery last year. Federer had surgery on his right knee shortly after participating in Wimbledon 2021. The tennis star, who is close friends with Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, lost to Hubert Hurkacz in the quarter finals of the competition. His royal pal was unable to cheer him on from the sidelines as the Duchess was in self-isolation after coming into contact with someone who tested positive for COVID-19. Federer is understood to be chummy with the whole Middleton family, having struck up a friendship with Pippa Matthews when she interviewed the tennis ace for Vanity Fair around the time of Wimbledon 2013. READ MORE: Duchess of Kent 'deeply hurt' after heartwarming request refused by Wimbledon bosses Kate, who currently holds the royal patronage of the All England Club, has become a permanent fixture in the Royal Box at the Centre Court. Back in 2017, Kate cheered on Federer to win his record eighth men’s Wimbledon title against Croatian Marin Cilic. The Duchess was accompanied by her husband, Prince William, and other famous faces including actors Hugh Grant and Bradley Cooper, and then-Prime Minister Theresa May. Kate and William later congratulated the champion, and the Duchess shocked royal fans by giving Federer not one, not two, but three kisses after he made tennis history. One royal watcher tweeted: “The Duchess of Cambridge aka Kate Middleton gave @rogerfederer 3 kisses. I thought that was an exclusively #dutch phenomenon.” While another added: “WHAAAAAAT KATE GOT THREE KISSES FROM @rogerfederer” It could be presumed Kate broke the typical British greeting protocol of one or two kisses because Federer is from Switzerland, where it is custom for friends to greet each other with three kisses — first on the right cheek, then left, then right again. Federer then shook hands with Kate’s husband Prince William. DON'T MISS: Best pictures of Kate Middleton at Wimbledon as iconic tournament returns [PICTURES]Zara and Mike Tindall cause fan frenzy after couple share rare royal PDA at Wimbledon [LATEST]Queen sends fans wild in resurfaced clip as monarch says 'dinner' will trump England match [INSIGHT] Before meeting the royal couple, the athlete embraced his wife Mirka who cheered him on throughout the tournament. At the time, Wimbledon tweeted: “Hugs, kisses and handshakes from royalty and the family for the #Wimbledon champion.” Further details of Federer’s friendship with the royal emerged following their exchange, with reports revealing that the tennis superstar gave Prince George a private tennis lesson at Carole and Michael Middleton’s home in Bucklebury. Following the lesson, Federer described the heir to the throne as a “sweet boy” and commended his skills in the sport. He told reporters at Wimbledon 2019: “I love to see that they're [royal children] into tennis or into sports,” adding that the eight-year-old prince had a “good swing”. Federer continued: “His mum has always enjoyed tennis. I hope he'll stay the same in a few years' time and this is not just an in-the-moment situation.” When asked about a comment made by Kate during a royal engagement that he was George’s favourite tennis player, Federer said: “I think I have a little advantage that I actually spent some time with him, so maybe I'm the only player he's ever met. “Then you have a little head start into who is your favourite player.” And it turns out that it isn’t just George who has had a soft spot for the sportstar. In a 2017 documentary entitled, ‘Sue Barker: Our Wimbledon’, Kate revealed her mum had a crush on the tennis player. She told the host: "Roger is my mother's heartthrob. I don't think she will mind me saying that! I think he probably knows that too.”