Tottenham manager Antonio Conte is reportedly in full agreement with the club’s sporting director Fabio Paratici that they should only sign players who have been vaccinated against COVID-19. Conte led his side to a fourth-place Premier League finish last season to secure Champions League qualification and has already brought a whole host of new faces to the club this summer. Spurs’ stance on the vaccination status of new players in clear, according to The Athletic, as the coronavirus comes back onto the agenda after some clubs were forced to leave a number of players behind when they embarked on their summer tours due to the fact they hadn’t been jabbed and didn’t meet entry requirements for certain countries. And Express Sport takes a look at four players who Conte is eyeing and would have to seek vaccination assurances from if they are to join him in north London. Nicolo Zaniolo Conte is said to be a big fan of Roma winger Nicolo Zaniolo and is targeting the 23-year-old to give his side even more attacking threat during the upcoming season. Paratici is in Italy this week to meet his Roma counterpart Tiago Pinto and will discuss the availability of the player. Zaniolo, who can also operate more centrally, has bagged 22 goals and 15 assists in 111 games since joining Roma from Inter in the summer of 2018. And he was the match-winner in the Europa Conference League final last season as he netted his side’s only goal of the game in their victory over Feyenoord. JUST IN: Tottenham and Arsenal in driving seat as Zaniolo swap deal rejected   James Maddison Another player Conte is reportedly interested in signing is Leicester playmaker James Maddison. The 25-year-old has already shown just how effective he can be in the Premier League and racked-up 12 goals and eight assists in the top-flight last season. The Foxes will reportedly need to sell players this summer to invest in their squad, and Maddison could benefit by getting a mega-money move to the capital. Maddison has spent the last four seasons at the King Power Stadium after joining Leicester from Norwich. And he has accumulated 45 goals and 32 assists in that time. DON'T MISSMan Utd boss Erik ten Hag can sign very own Darwin Nunez for cut-price £45m transfer feeMan City boss Pep Guardiola sets record straight on 'Neymar swap deal offer' from PSGArsenal decide next two signings after agreeing Oleksandr Zinchenko transfer deal   Pau Torres Conte is also said to be on the hunt for reinforcements at the back as his side prepare to battle for honours at home and abroad. And the Italian has been linked with a move for Villarreal centre-back Pau Torres. The 25-year-old was in imperious form last season as he helped the Spanish side reach the semi-finals of the Champions League. And the player has also shown what he can do during his 19 caps for Spain. Josko Gvardiol Another centre-back Conte is reportedly chasing is RB Leipzig ace Josko Gvardiol. The 20-year-old is widely regarded as one of the best young defenders in Germany and has attracted interest from a whole host of Premier League clubs recently. Gvardiol played 46 matches for his club last season as they finished fourth in the Bundesliga. And he also impressed for Croatia, winning his 10th cap for his country in March. 