Memphis Depay has dealt both Tottenham and Arsenal a blow ahead of a potential transfer, as the Dutchman has revealed he is not interested in joining either side. The Dutchman scored 12 La Liga goals last season and wants to fight for his place at the Nou Camp. Depay is not interested in moving to either Tottenham or Arsenal this summer, according to SPORT. The Dutchman has reportedly been told he is not in Xavi's plans for the season ahead, with Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang leading the line, and Barcelona doing all that they can to sign Raphinha. The Catalan side need funds to balance the books, and Depay is seen as one of the players that could be sold to raise money to reinvest elsewhere. But Depay is adamant that he wants Champions League football, which rules Arsenal out of a potential deal. And he's also aimed a dig in Tottenham's direction, as he expressed the interest of going for 'important titles', and is not interested in joining Antonio Conte's side as a result. READ MORE: Barcelona star Frenkie de Jong 'picks between' Man Utd and Chelsea  Depay could be available for as little as £17million according to the report, but Depay is eager to fight for his place just like Frenkie de Jong. Barcelona are playing a risky game by attempting to force out some of their current stars, and it's causing a lot of friction at the club. De Jong's relationship with Xavi and the Barcelona board is thought to have broken down as a result, and the same could happen to Depay. The Dutchman wants to stay, but he is also eyeing first team football, but like most of his team-mates he is aware that his wages may not be as high at another club.  DON'T MISS: Barcelona 'want Man City signing' before selling Man Utd De Jong (TRANSFERS)Frenkie de Jong may already have Haaland issue as he plans arrival (INSIGHT)Man Utd told they must make 10 transfers this summer to get top four (ANALYSIS) Barcelona are desperate to sell, as Depay's contract expires at the end of next season meaning that he could walk away for free. But they are no closer to finding a club to take him off their hands, as the only side rumoured to be interested are not considerable options for the Dutchman. Depay only arrived at Barcelona last summer, and despite some criticism over his performances he has been extremely prolific in front of goal for the Catalan side. But Barcelona appear to have changed their approach up top, and their constant change of mind with talent is one of the reasons that they are in this mess in the first place. 