  Dianne Buswell has admitted she “missed” Anton Du Beke after he left the professional line-up of Strictly Come Dancing last year. However, the star added that she “absolutely loved” the way he had embraced his new role as a judge on the show in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk.      Dianne, 33, has been busy this year, filming in sub-zero temperatures for ITV’s Freeze the Fear with Wim Hof and, most recently, teaming up with Sure to set a new Guinness world record for furthest distance danced by a couple with dance pro Pasquale La Rocca. However, with Strictly Come Dancing 2022 coming this autumn, Dianne shared her thoughts on what it was like watching Anton, 55, leave the show's roster of professional dancers after so many years. The decision to make Anton a full time judge follows his successful debut as a judge last year, while he was filling in for Bruno Tonioli, who has now left the show. Anton has finally given up dancing on the show once and for all this year after staying with Strictly since it began in 2004. READ MORE: 'Queen!' Beyonce strips naked and rides horse for 'Renaissance'     “I adore Anton. I think he's hilarious and an amazing dancer," gushed Dianne. “He's such a perfect person for Strictly - everyone knows Anton from Strictly." Dianne went on to admit that it was hard to say goodbye to the much-loved figure. “I must say, I missed him within all the pro numbers and stuff last year,” she confirmed.       “But I absolutely loved seeing him just shine in that role of being a judge. “I thought he was just amazing. I always knew he would be good at that role and he was. “He was even better than I thought he would be,” Dianne added. She went on to reveal what it was like saying goodbye to some of her other longtime colleagues since the last series ended.     Asked what it was like bidding farewell to Oti Mabuse and Aljaž Škorjanec, she said: “It's really hard to say goodbye because we’ve become this really tight knit family. “But we always know that we're still going to see each other because we are so close. “You know, we've already seen Oti and Aljaž already since then,” she added, reflecting on their departure. “So I'm sure there'll be many more moments where we see them.” Dianne also gushed about former Strictly pro Janette Manrara’s seamless transition from dancer to presenter.      “Janette has taken to it like a duck to water,” Dianne reflected. “She's incredible at that and, you know, we did miss her in Strictly rehearsals and all that. “But at the same time, it was so nice to see her on It Takes Two, because we still got our Janette fix, which was lovely. “And we still get our Anton fix every week in the show as well, so it was a bit of a win-win really.” The dancer also spoke about smashing a world record shortly ahead of her return to Strictly this Autumn, revealing: “It was really fun, actually. I thought it would be harder than it was. Two hours and 15 minutes of non-stop dancing - it’s something I can tick off my bucket list!” Dianne relied on Sure’s new 72H Nonstop Protection deodorant to keep her protected from sweat and odour as she pushed herself to her limits in the record-breaking dance session. Sure wants to encourage people to push themselves to their limits this summer without the fear of sweating.   