Penny Mordaunt has emerged as a top contender to take over the leadership of both the Conservative Party and the UK in the ongoing Tory leadership race to succeed Boris Johnson. However, former Brexit Secretary Lord Frost cast doubts about Ms Mordaunt's suitability to lead as he discussed his personal experience working with the international trade minister. The peer said he had "great reservations" about her ability to "take tough decisions" as he questioned her record in the Brexit negotiations with the European Union. Speaking to TalkTV, Lord Frost said: "I have worked with Penny. To be honest, I'm quite surprised she is where she is in this leadership race. "She was my deputy, notionally more than really, in the Brexit talks last year. I felt she did not master the detail that was necessary in the negotiations. "She wouldn't always deliver tough messages to the European Union when that was necessary. I'm afraid she wasn't fully accountable, fully visible. "Sometimes I didn't even know where she was and I'm afraid this became such a problem that after six months I had to ask the Prime Minister to move her on and find somebody else to support me." JUST IN: ‘Still trying to split the country!’ Ranvir Singh slapped down by Coffey over Brexit probe He continued: " You have to remember this was a time when we were in a major confrontation over Northern Ireland, it was extremely difficult. "I'm afraid we weren't just getting what we needed. "If you're Prime Minister, you've got to take responsibility, you have to be able to run the machine, you've got to be able to take tough decisions, deliver tough messages. "Anybody can say so in videos to with I vow to you my country but it's what you do in practice..." READ MORE: 'Brexit is safe!' Mordaunt and Sunak allies stress Leave credentials in leadership race Asked whether Brexit would be safe in Ms Mordaunt's hands, Lord Frost said: "I would worry, on the basis of what I have seen, we wouldn't necessarily get that from Penny." A social media link to a clip of his interview was re-tweeted by Treasury Chief Secretary Simon Clarke - who is backing Liz Truss for leader. Mr Clarke said: "Lord Frost's warning is a really serious one. Conservatives - and, far more importantly, our country - need a leader who is tested and ready." DON'T MISS:Tory leadership: Shock new Brexiteer poised to announce bid [REVEAL]Tory hopefuls spark hilarity with cringe-worthy campaign videos [VIDEO]Tory Party: Damian Green demands 'next PM has to be Tugendhat' [REPORT] Ms Mordaunt came second in the second round of Tory leadership voting, coming right behind former Chancellor Rishi Sunak. She told Conservative MPs fearful of losing their seats under Boris Johnson that she is the candidate "Labour fear the most". One of the frontrunners to enter No 10, the trade minister warned other Tory leadership hopefuls on Wednesday that they are right to perceive her as a "threat to their campaign". The former Defence Secretary launched her pitch to be the next prime minister promising to return to traditional Conservative values of "low tax, small state, and personal responsibility".