Anthony Joshua’s new trainer Robert Garcia has revealed that the Brit is far more spiteful now and is hurting everyone put in front of him. Garcia has been brought in to help Joshua prepare for his rematch with Oleksandr Usyk on August 20 alongside Angel Fernandez. After being comfortably outpointed by the Ukrainian back in September, Joshua ditched long-term trainer Rob McCracken and toured America in search of a new coach. Among those he visited were Virgil Hunter, Eddy Reynoso, Ronnie Shields, and Garcia, with the latter impressing him the most. Under Garcia, Joshua is expected to adopt a more aggressive approach. In his original contest against Usyk, ‘AJ’ was criticised for not being ruthless enough when given his opportunities. But according to Garcia, those problems are a thing of the past as the Watford powerhouse has developed into a ‘mean guy’. “Week by week, we see a lot of improvement in Anthony Joshua and with five weeks left of hard training. He’s going to get better and better, so by the time the fight comes, he’s going to be 100% ready,” Garcia told SecondsOut. “He’s got to be with a team that wants him to win, wants him to perform, and wants him to be a little bit tougher. I think that’s what I bring in. Me and Angel Fernandez are pushing him to be aggressive, to be a mean guy in the ring, to hurt anyone in front of him. He’s been doing that lately, and I’m very happy and pleased with how things are going. Garcia then continued to talk about the importance of using ‘AJ’s’ punching power in the rematch. MORE BOXING NEWS... Thor Bjornsson issues latest challenge to ‘afraid’ Tyson Fury Fury names only way he will come out of retirement for Joshua fight Fury responds to 'bulls***' claims that he wasn't training for Paul He added: “He’s got insane power, probably more than anyone in the division. So use it, why not? Look for that power punch; look to hurt his opponent. I’ve been here [the UK] for two months already, and we still have six weeks left, but I’ve been coming back and forth since December. We’ve been working on the same things since last December, so I think that’s more than enough time. “Angel Fernandez also does a great job. We’re always communicating about what he’s doing, and he’s doing exactly what the plan is. So, I think we’ll be more than ready.”