Manchester United have been warned other top players may want to leave following Cristiano Ronaldo's decision to quit. Ronaldo has told United he wants to leave this summer and former Arsenal winger Jermaine Pennant believes others could follow suit. The Portugal superstar only returned to Old Trafford 12 months' ago. However, failure to qualify for the Champions League last term has led to him wanting to move on already. Ronaldo will not be a part of United's squad flying to their pre-season tour to Thailand. He is yet to return to training due to family issues. Pennant reckons Ronaldo leaving is more of a blow than some people are making out. And he says it could have a knock-on effect on other players wanting to leave, as well as affecting the calibre of player the club can attract. Pennant told talkSPORT: "It's massive because some of the younger players will look up to him. His stature is huge around the place. We all know he's a world class player and if a world class player wants to leave Manchester United, that's putting doubts in some of the young stars. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd fresh £45m bid, De Jong picks Chelsea move, Arsenal £6m offer  "[Marcus] Rashford, [Jadon] Sancho thinking 'have I made a mistake in staying here? Or signing here? When you've got players like Ronaldo wanting to leave'. "This is Man United, why would he want to leave Man United? So it is putting a bit of disarray in the camp, a bit of commotion, a bit of uncertainty, so it's not a good look. "Trying to sign a player, a big-figure player, but Ronaldo doesn't want to be there. He's going to think 'well, do I want to go there then?'." Meanwhile, Rangers legend Ally McCoist has a different point of view. He instead thinks the likes of Rashford and Sancho can thrive once Ronaldo leaves. DON'T MISSMan Utd ‘have agreed majority of Frenkie de Jong transfer deal’ as last hurdle emergesErik ten Hag 'overruled Man Utd recruitment team' on separate signing to Lisandro MartinezPep Guardiola has pulled off two Man City transfers more impressive than Erling Haaland McCoist said earlier this week: "I'm expecting Manchester United players now to thrive and realise this is an opportunity. Whether it's Rashford, who didn't look anything like himself [last season], Sancho's another one. "I think these guys now under Ten Hag should just thrive on the opportunity because it's a new era for Manchester United. "There's no point keeping someone in your dressing room who's unhappy, it can have an effect on your dressing room. What would you do with a player who doesn't want to be at the club. "The first thing is you don't want him around the place, because he's going to have a negative effect. I think it's in everyone's best interests that he moves away and Man United move on and start afresh." Click here to buy the new Man Utd home shirt