Research has said that for every 10 people that launch into the latest weight loss diet with heavy enthusiasm, only two or three people end up shedding the unwanted pounds within the promised timescale, and keep it off. Menopausal women particularly, find it difficult to shift weight as their body experiences hormonal changes - sometimes for many years. Nutritionist and author of Diet Secrets Uncovered, Fiona Kirk discussed the diet changes someone going through menopause can make to lose weight, and how iodine can improve metabolism. “In just two weeks, you can make some positive changes to your eating, exercise and supplement habits and see some very pleasing weight loss results when you embark on a diet that is tailored to you,” Fiona said. In terms of menopause, the expert explained: “Our hormones are changing their behaviour so we have to change our behaviour - and our diet. “We have to convince the body that all is well and whilst it prefers to store fat to meet the hormonal havoc head-on, there is a great deal we can do nutritionally to manage the stress, thwart invasive mood swings and prevent weight gain.” Fiona shared three diet changes to see weight loss results during menopause. READ MORE: 'Absolute miracle' weight loss drink is part of Queen Letizia's diet The thyroid gland needs “help to stay healthy” pre, during and post-menopause. “Iodine is the thyroid's best friend when it comes to encouraging the action of the thyroid hormones which play a major role in a healthy metabolic rate. "This in turn encourages weight loss so you will be doing it and yourself a big favour if you get the sea vegetable habit,” Fiona explained. Sushi and sashimi are good sources of iodine. DON'T MISS...How to store cheese to stop it from going mouldy for months in fridge [EXPERT]Greene King offering free pints if you have a certain surname [NEWS]Beauty expert’s ‘go-to product’ to knock 10yrs off -no botox or filler [EXCLUSIVE] Sushi is also an excellent low-calorie snack or healthy lunch option. Spirulina added to smoothies can also provide a boost and you can buy dried sea vegetable flakes that can make a great alternative to salt, adding it to meals and snacks. Dairy, like milk, cheese and yoghurt are also sources of iodine, as well as eggs. READ MORE: Weight loss: Skipping meals to 'cut costs' could be detrimental weight loss Fiona said to “keep hormones happy, you need fat in your diet”. Hormonal disruption occurs in the premenopausal years, and right through menopause. Fiona recommends making “oily fish a regular dietary habit”. She also suggests snacking on seeds or adding seed oils and butters to meals. Avocados are also a good source of healthy fats, as well as olives, soy milk and tofu. While unrefined grains offer fibre, vitamins and minerals, they are also a rich source of sugar when broken down after digestion. Most don’t need many grains in a day “unless you exercise a lot” the expert said. “Include them in your breakfast and/or lunch but cut back or exclude them in the evening,” Fiona told The Daily Mail. For anyone who struggles without bread in their diet, she said to consider bread made from sprouted grains, eg. Ezekiel bread. These are “rich in not only vitamins, minerals and natural fibre but are also a good source of protein which helps to keep insulin spikes at bay”.