The latest reported strike hit a Russian ammunition depot in Luhansk which erupted in a violent explosion that later burned through the night. The attack is the latest under a new strategy by Ukraine's military to take out the supplies caches of Vladimir Putin's army. Footage from the aftermath of the rocket attack shows a large blaze burning, lighting up the night sky. The low rumble of explosions can be heard as Russian supplies are consumed by the fire. This latest strike comes after the Ukrainian military claimed another successful hit on a Russian depot in the occupied region of Kherson. The attack in Nova Kakhovka in the Kherson region killed 52 people, Ukraine's military said on Tuesday. JUST IN: GB News: Boris loyalist Nadine Dorries mulls over entering crowded Tory leadership race   The town's Russia-installed authorities said that at least seven people had been killed and around 70 injured, Russia's TASS news agency reported. The strike came after Washington supplied Ukraine with advanced HIMARS mobile artillery systems which Kyiv says its forces are using with growing efficiency. "Based on the results of our rocket and artillery units, the enemy lost 52 (people), an Msta-B howitzer, a mortar, and seven armoured and other vehicles, as well as an ammunition depot in Nova Kakhovka," Ukraine's southern military command said in a statement. Pro-Russian officials said the strike killed civilians. The area is of strategic importance because of its Black Sea access, once-thriving agricultural industry, and location just north of Russian-annexed Crimea. Unverified videos posted on social media showed an immense fireball erupting into the night sky. Images released by Russian state media showed a wasteland covered in rubble and the remains of buildings. An official from the Russian-backed local administration said that Ukraine had used the HIMARS missiles and that they had destroyed warehouses containing saltpetre, a chemical compound that can be used to make fertilizer or gunpowder. DON’T MISS: One dead, at least two seriously hurt as Range Rover smashes into 5G mast – road closed[INSIGHT]Putin humiliated as US rockets strike fear into Russians - "Can land on a penny" [REVEAL]Ex-Tory leader assists Sunak's leadership bid by claiming Thatcher would not cut taxes now [SPOTLIGHT]  "There are still many people under the rubble. "The injured are being taken to the hospital, but many people are blocked in their apartments and houses," Vladimir Leontyev, head of the Russia-installed Kakhovka District military-civilian administration, was quoted by TASS as saying. He said that warehouses, shops, a pharmacy, gas stations, and a church had been hit. Meanwhile, Russia has continued to pound eastern Ukraine in an effort to gain control of Donetsk province and the entire industrial Donbas region. Moscow earlier this month captured Luhansk province, which makes up the rest of the Donbas.