George, aged eight, and Charlotte, seven, will finish studies for the year on Friday, with two months off before they move to a new school. A royal expert has suggested Kate and Prince William have plans to keep the pair and Louis busy this summer. Royal expert Ingrid Seward said: “The three children are incredibly sporty and, of course, their parents are too. “The focus will very much be on outdoor pursuits, with swimming, fishing, walking, riding and sailing.” Ms Ingrid said that while the Cambridge royals will continue doing activities with the children, they may take on trips further abroad. Speaking to the Sun, Ms Ingrid said the Cambridge royals will call on Carole and Michael to baby sit their three children. She told the outlet: “It’s a long holiday so I suspect that Carole and Michael Middleton, as grandparents, will probably have the kids to themselves for a little bit of the summer. “They usually go up to Balmoral to spend time with the Queen and the rest of the family for a while and, this year, I think they will also go abroad for a short time, probably to Mustique, because William and Kate will want a change of scenery.” READ MORE: Royal LIVE: 'Significant tensions' between Harry and Firm laid bare The royal expert added that the Covid pandemic has kept the Cambridge’s from taking their children abroad. Ms Ingrid added: “William and Kate haven’t been abroad much with the kids in recent years, apart from a trip to Jordan in the autumn, so I think they’ll be itching to get back to Mustique this year. “They have all the infrastructure they need there, they have a no fly zone and all kinds of things in place so they can actually have some privacy. “The Middletons are pretty helpful with all this and Carole organises the Mustique trips.” Carole and Michael Middleton, the Duchess’ parents, live in Bucklebury Manor, in Pease Hill in Bucklebury, a village in West Berkshire. Kate was brought up in Berkshire, but lives between Kensington Palace Apartment 1A and Anmer Hall, on the Sandringham Estate in Norfolk, England. DON'T MISS Brexit LIVE: Desperate Boris appoints arch-Remainer to sacked Gove Boris was right to try and stay, his departure will be damaging Michael Gove 'revenge' sacking 'going down badly' with Tory MPs It comes after body language expert Judi James told Express.co.uk pictures of Kate and Carole at Ascot in recent years show the Duchess was "in tune" with her mother. Ms James explained: "Having seen Kate form such a solid and tightly synchronized body language double act with husband William for so many years, it’s fascinating and rather sweet to see her even more in tune with her mother Carole when it comes to mirroring and mimicry signals. "Carole and Kate look like body language twins in many of their most recent poses together, so much so that it’s hard to see who is mimicking who. "They always gravitate to a state of physical closeness too, standing with their arms close or touching and their facial expressions suggesting delight in each other’s company."