Side hustles involve Britons taking on additional roles, usually with the motivation of boosting their income. This was the case for Noshina, a single mum and programme manager from Leeds, who appeared on ITV’s Tonight. Keen to make extra cash, she has developed two side hustles which she juggles alongside her day job. The first is making eco-friendly homeware products, and the other is a business making hair accessories such as scrunchies and bows. Noshina only has one income in her household, and is responsible for her teenage son. She described how she has been impacted by the rising cost of living which makes a difference to her weekly shop and fuel bill. READ MORE: Older Britons issued warning on dangerous telephone scam As a result, she was keen to boost her financial stability. She told the Tonight programme: “Anything I can do from home that works around him and my existing job is brilliant. “I’m currently making between £500 and £1,500 per month at the moment, but that’s just starting out. “If I increased the workshops and did more artisan markets, I could probably get up to £2,000 to £2,500 a month as additional income. That’s great.” READ MORE: ‘I get £25 worth of food for £3.50’ Woman’s fantastic money saving tip The side hustle does, however, take up a substantial amount of Noshina’s time. When she finishes her main job, she dedicates evenings and weekends to her two extra jobs. She even states she works during lunch breaks to keep up with the demand. Keeping a video diary for the programme, Noshina eventually finished her day at 10pm, ready for rest and to start the cycle again in the morning. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea However, for the working mum, embracing multitasking is worthwhile due to the extra income she can make. She added: “It’s totally different to what I do normally, but it doesn’t feel like work. “It’s about working smarter and not harder, for me.” When starting a side hustle, Britons are usually encouraged to find a hobby or a niche which can make extra tasks easier for them. There are a variety of sectors individuals can get into, including cake making, tutoring, writing, couriering and more. Some may even wish to make use of online platforms to help them get their business up and running.   ITV’s Tonight continues next Thursday evening.