The Prime Minister’s resignation was widely expected today after his Government left their posts en masse starting on Tuesday. Mr Johnson said he was “immensely proud” of his achievements in office, which he said included standing up to Vladimir Putin, getting Brexit done, and steering the country through the pandemic. In-fighting between Tory MPs for months caused deep division within the party, and the Prime Minister struggled to keep his Government members loyal. Rishi Sunak's resignation on Tuesday sparked an open revolt, and Mr Johnson was mocked at Prime Minister's Questions on Wednesday by some of his own MPs. There were several calls to resign during the session in Parliament, and Keir Starmer described the Conservaitve Party as a "sinking ship fleeing the rat." The Prime Minister left Downing Street to applause as he walked to the plinth to tell the country of his plans to step down. Read more: Northern Tory MP planning leader bid to offer Britain a new deal Mr Johnson confirmed that he has appointed a cabinet to serve while the Conservative Party begins the process of finding its new leader. He said: "I want to say to the millions of people who voted for us in 2019, many of them voting Conservative for the first time, thank you for that incredible mandate, the biggest Conservative majority since 1987." He said he felt it was "my job, my duty, my obligation" to continue to try to govern the country after winning an 80-seat majority at the last general election. The Prime Minister's resignation has settled months of speculation over Mr Johnson's future, as plots from Tory MPs and national scandals rocked the Government. One of the key themes of the Prime Minister's resignation speech was Brexit, a national objective which he set out to tackle when he ran to be Tory leader. Mr Johnson's trade deal with the EU broke the deadlock in Parliament after former prime minister Theresa May struggled to find consensus. The Prime Minister said Brexit was part of "reclaiming the power for this country to make its own laws in Parliament." During the pandemic, a series of parties in Number 10 brought immense pressure on the Conservative Party, and a police investigation led to Mr Johnson being issued a fine. DON'T MISS:Sky's Adam Boulton says Boris dragging Queen into his 'chaos and mess' [ANALYSIS]The Queen's 14 prime ministers - and her rumoured favourites [INSIGHT]'YOU haven't cut through!' Keir Starmer grilled on Labour chances [REACTION]  The closing remarks of the Prime Minister's speech struck an emotional chord, as he spoke of his regret at losing the role. He said: "I want you to know how sad I am to be giving up the best job in the world, but them's the breaks." Mr Johnson added: "Even if things can sometimes seem dark now, our future together is golden. Thank you all very much." The speech brings an end to the reign of a controversial period in British politics, which saw the Government often the topic of debate for all the wrong reasons. But the Conservative Party will now be looking ahead to a fresh start with a new leader, and preparing to take on Labour in the next general election in 2024. 