Nearly three (2.9) million Britons rely on PIP to help them make ends meet because they have a disability or health condition that affects how much they can work. Many also face higher energy bills because of their illness. Some eight million people will receive up to £1,200 in cost of living payments from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) with the first instalment of £326 due in around 10 days time. The funding was recently announced by Chancellor Rishi Sunak to help low income Britons to pay their energy bills. However, millions of people on PIP won’t automatically qualify for the full £1,200 from the DWP unless they are also receiving other benefits. These benefits are: Universal Credit, Income-based Jobseekers Allowance, Income-related Employment and Support Allowance, Income Support, Working Tax Credit, Child Tax Credit and Pension Credit. READ MORE: DWP confirms £22million cash injection to help older workers All households will receive £400 under the Energy Bills Support Scheme from October 2022 and it no longer has to be paid back. Britons who only receive PIP will miss out on the £650 extra cost of living payment but they will still receive £400 which is being given to everybody. They should also be awarded a £150 Disability Cost of Living Payment from September 2022. If they are eligible for council tax they should have received their £150 rebate by now, although councils have until September to issue the refunds. DON'T MISSMartin Lewis: The one thing everyone aged over 66 needs to knowWoman, 64, explains how she makes extra £800 per monthThe ten changes to tax, sick pay and more coming this JulyCost of living crisis: 20 ways to save and make money this July Some older people on PIP who also get the State Pension will also qualify for the annual Winter Fuel Payment of £300. Meanwhile, hundreds of thousands of Britons could be missing out on up to £627 a month in PIP payments because of ten common myths. One of the biggest myths about PIP claims is that people can’t claim if they are employed. PIP can be claimed by people who are working either full or part-time and it’s not means-tested which means it doesn’t matter how much someone earns. READ MORE: 10 of the highest paying jobs where you can earn money from home The 10 PIP myths are: Another common myth is that PIP is the same as Disability Living Allowance (DLA). PIP has different eligibility criteria and is not based on the health condition or disability someone has. Claims are assessed based on how that condition or disability affects someone’s ability to carry out day-to-day living tasks such as cooking, washing and moving around outside their home. For more information people can go to Gov.uk, Citizens Advice, or Macmillan Cancer Support.