Chelsea target Jules Kounde is not happy with the slow pursuit of his signature at Stamford Bridge as he eyes a transfer from Sevilla. The defender is one of the top picks from Thomas Tuchel this summer. Chelsea are testing Kounde's patience this summer, who is annoyed by the lack of progress made over a deal for his signature. The France international was on the brink of a transfer last summer after all papers were agreed between clubs and player. However, Sevilla moved the goalposts at the last minute by demanding more money that saw a deal fall through. The Blues reignited their interest this year as they looked to finally bring in the centre-back after a protracted transfer saga with numerous reports indicating that he would be in the door as one of the first signings of the summer. However, little progress has been made despite widespread interest in his services. According to AS, Kounde has been left annoyed by Chelsea's turgid transfer tactics and is running out of patience. Barcelona are also interested in the former Bordeaux star but are failing to stump up the funds. New owner Todd Boehly arrived prior to the transfer window but has a heavy task after the departures of Bruce Buck, Marina Granovskaia and Petr Cech. All three had been integral to Chelsea's transfer strategy but Boehly has made himself interim sporting director and taken on most of the responsibilities. Nevertheless, Kounde has been left infuriated with the lack of movement having had his heart set on a move to Stamford Bridge. He is not alone, though, with the Blues the only club in the top six not to make a transfer so far. That is despite the fact that Thomas Tuchel have lost two integral defenders in Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen after their contracts expired. Real Madrid and Barcelona have snapped up the duo, leaving a glaring hole in Chelsea's backline. As well as Kounde, there have been a number of players linked with a move to Stamford Bridge including Matthijs de Ligt, Wesley Fofana and Josko Gvardiol. However, one defender that looks close to arriving is Nathan Ake. The Manchester City star came up through the Blues academy but has been marginalised at the Etihad while Pep Guardiola is keen to recoup the £41m that he spent on the Dutchman back in 2020.