Yellowstone viewers are keen to see what is in store for the Duttons when the Western melodrama returns on The Paramount Network. Fans in the UK have been granted access to the first three seasons, with the launch of Paramount Plus. Here's when the Kevin Costner series will be back with season four in the UK. Yellowstone is one of America's biggest hits and the series follows the conflicts between land developers and the Dutton family. Kevin Costner will return as John Dutton, the patriarch of the Yellowstone Dutton Ranch, in the upcoming fifth season. While fans in the US can look forward to new episodes from November 13, those in the UK are catching up with the first three seasons. Thankfully, season four will also be arriving soon on Paramount Plus, on August 17. The latest outing was originally due to launch as a box set on August 24. READ MORE: Yellowstone’s Kelly Reilly pays tribute to star despite on-screen feud However, it will now be released in two parts, with the first five episodes airing on August 17. The season is made up of 10 episodes in total, and a release date for the remaining five is yet to be announced. There is a chance episodes five to 10 will drop in line with the season five release in the US. Other titles coming to Paramount Plus in August include The Box on August 11 and La Brea on August 1. Sky Med arrives on August 23 with Secret Headquarters coming on August 13. Viewers can sign up for Paramount Plus via the streaming platform's website, creating an account. The app can also be downloaded on smart TVs at an extra cost, with Sky Cinema users getting access for free. There is a seven-day free trial when users first sign up, followed by a monthly cost of £6.99. A yearly subscription is also available for £69.90. Actor Costner suggested UK fans could have had access to the series a lot sooner. DON'T MISS... Jefferson White nationality: Where is the Yellowstone star from? [INSIGHT] Gil Birmingham nationality: Where is the Yellowstone star from? [EXPLAINER] Yellowstone's Kevin Costner rules out major John Dutton storyline [INTERVIEW] He appeared on Lorraine Kelly's morning show back in June to discuss the launch of Paramount Plus. The star said: "I came over about three years ago… I read the script, I actually came to London.” Kevin and the producers tried to pitch the series to UK buyers, who weren’t convinced it would find its audience. He added: "They said, ‘You’re really going to do this?’ I said, ‘Yeah’. “And there was a whole bunch of people. So I guess you had a chance to buy it then. “But they go, ‘Ah we’re not sure. We’re not sure we want to see this’.” Yellowstone season three featured some dramatic plot points, as Tate (Brecken Merrill) struggled with the trauma of his kidnapping. Kayce (Luke Grimes) is given even more responsibility on the ranch, while John considers its future. There is also a shocking revelation for Jamie Dutton (Wes Bentley) that changes his perception of his family.  Yellowstone season 4 airs on Paramount Plus on August 17.