The anonymous caller didn’t mince their words as they hit out at the BBC on the programme. The woman was heard saying: “For goodness sake, every time I put the telly on, there’s this rubbishy lot of stuff about Glastonbury. “It’s not news. You’ve got loads of programmes about it, it’s all through the news.” She went on to say: “It looks like an absolute hell hole with a lot of people who can’t string two words together. They can’t string two musical notes together.” The viewer continued: “It’s awful, we don’t want to know about it. Thank you so much.” She finished off her call, saying simply: “Get it off!” The phone call was shared on today’s (July 2) edition of Newswatch on BBC Breakfast with presenter Samira Ahmed explaining how both Glastonbury and Wimbledon had “resulted in some disruption” to the TV schedules and led to a break in normal programming. Ahmed explained: “Some doubted whether they deserved the slots they were given on news bulletins.” The programme then played a recording from Terry Pearson, who addressed the BBC Director-General, saying: “CAN WE PLEASE HAVE OUR NEWS BACK MR DAVIE? “With main British Wimbledon hopes, Murray and Raducanu out can you please now reduce time taken in bulletins to enable news coverage of important events?” The host added: “Meanwhile, it’s clear that this anonymous caller to our phone lines is not a Glastonbury fan”, before the Glastonbury call was aired.  A highlight of this year's Glastonbury Festival was a performance from Sir Paul McCartney, who was the oldest person to headline the Pyramid Stage at 80. Sir Paul even dueted with his late fellow Beatles bandmember John Lennon in a moving performance. This year's BBC coverage of the annual festival at Worthy Farm and Wimbledon disrupt shows including EastEnders will be on other channels. The BBC soap ended up on BBC Two while tennis took precedence on the broadcaster's premium channel.  Ironically, BBC Breakfast also saw lots of coverage of Wimbledon this morning with sports reporter Mike Bushell live from Centre Court. He shared titbits ahead of play at the tournament today as well as sharing a photo of a bust of legendary player Dorothy Round, who was revealed to be related to weatherman MAtt Taylor. Matt spoke about his connection to Dorothy, who was his grandmother's cousin and a grand slam champion. The weather presenter went on to explain: "She won the Wimbledon’s women’s singles final twice, I think she won the mixed doubles three times at Wimbledon. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale theory: Nicola King to exit as she murders beloved villager [ANALYSIS]Emmerdale theory: Moira Barton's secret son identified in huge twist [INSIGHT]Escape to the Chateau’s Dick Strawbridge admits ‘not everyone’s a fit' [VIDEO] “And she also won the Australian Open, all back in the 1930s.” However, he conceded he hadn't picked up any of her sporting prowess with host Naga Munchetty telling him he had many other talents away from tennis. Sports reporter Mike also noted a white piano was being set up on one court, suggesting there was going to be a "celebration" of some kind. But he remained in the dark about who would be performing with tennis fans in for a wait. BBC Breakfast airs on BBC One daily from 6am