The Last Kingdom season five is on Netflix now and it wrapped up some important storylines. Uhtred (played by Alexander Dreymon) and Aethelflaed (Millie Brady) rekindled their romance just before the Lady of Mercia died from cancer. Actress Brady opened up about how much she knew about her character's tragic ending. The final season of The Last Kingdom featured some emotional moments ahead of the explosive battle at Bebbanburg. As the show's last outing, many of the characters' storylines came to a satisfying end. Aethelflaed had ended her relationship with Uhtred so she could rule Mercia without any distractions. However, the pair were unable to shake their feelings for one another and fans wondered if they would ever get back together. Sadly, before they had a chance to try, Aethelflaed fell seriously ill. READ MORE: The Last Kingdom’s Eliza Butterworth knew season 5 would be last She died from incurable cancer during a heartbreaking moment where she spent one last day with Uhtred. After sharing a final embrace, she slipped away in his arms. Actress Millie Brady said although she knew Aethelflaed would die, she had no idea how it was going to happen. She told The Screen Chronicles: "I think they were toing and froing between what episode it was going to be. "So yeah, I did know. I didn't know how it was going to happen. "I think in my head I had always presumed that Aethelflaed was going to die in battle. "When I found out that she was going to die from cancer and from a long illness I was like 'Oh but that's not...' "In my head, I was like 'That's not how she's supposed to go!' "But then I found some beauty in the fact that there was this mirroring between her and her father." Aethelflaed's father King Alfred (David Dawson) also died from a prolonged illness. DON'T MISS... Where is The Last Kingdom's Eliza Butterworth now? [INSIGHT] The Last Kingdom and Vikings defended by expert over 'inaccuracy' [INTERVIEW] The Last Kingdom: What was Alexander Dreymon's 'worst moment' on set? [INSIGHT] The actress added: "I had always had in my head that Aethelflaed would go out with a bang. "And actually I think what happened was it was a different kind of battle that she and her father faced in the end. "It was just as heroic and heartbreaking and it also then meant that I was kind of able to grieve that character from the start of the season. "It was like I had those four episodes to come to terms with it myself and it was quite a gradual process in those four episodes, seeing her slowly getting more and more sick. "Yeah, it was sad and it was hard." This means Aethelflaed will not be returning for the upcoming film, Seven Kings Must Die. The standalone film is expected to air in 2023 and it will see Uhtred's journey come to an end. Not much else is known about the cast, but sadly Aethelflaed's mother Aelswith (Eliza Butterworth) will also be absent from the film. Actress Butterworth said she was unable to juggle the filming schedule with her latest venture. She is starring in Sky's upcoming crime drama, A Town Called Malice.  The Last Kingdom is on Netflix now, with the follow-up film Seven Kings Must Die expected to air in 2023.