With the warmer weather set to return next week, it remains crucial people stay safe and hydrated. With that in mind, experts at Forbes Advisor alongside qualified nutritionist Abi Roberts, revealed there are certain foods people should limit this summer such as asparagus, especially during the scorching heat. Food and drink play a "very important" role in the body's level of hydration. And dehydration can lead to other health issues, such as urinary tract infections which are a common long-term effect, seizures and in worst case scenarios, hypovolemic shock. This happens when low blood volume causes a person's blood pressure to drop, as well as a drop in the amount of oxygen within the body. In a bid to keep people safe and aware this summer, the experts outlined which foods to avoid or limit in order to prevent accidental dehydration. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake They found the top five dehydrating foods are: The vegetable is one of the least hydrating foods because it is a natural diuretic. While it rids the body of excess fluid, it also helps to get rid of salt as well. This can be useful for the body, but should be consumed in moderation. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] It's a well known fact that limiting salt intake is important for overall health, as too much of it can wreak havoc on the kidneys. While this starchy favourite is a carb often associated with weight gain, it is also one of the most common reasons behind people having too much salt in their diets. READ MORE: Michael Mosley weight loss: Remove three foods to stay slim Despite containing a moderate amount of salt per slice, experts explained it "can add up" to a high salt intake if consumed regularly throughout the day. "Limiting the amount of bread you eat will help reduce the sneaky salt that you didn’t even know you were consuming," the experts said. Cured meats are often heavily coated in salt, with experts finding that gammon is at the top of the list. Experts warned of indulging on meat platters over the summer months. When a person consumes sugar, their kidneys react similarly to when they encounter salt. They then pull water from other parts of the body, as they don't want excess sugar in the bloodstream which leads to dehydration.