Production on the 14th season of NCIS Los Angeles is officially underway, with new episodes set to start hitting screens in October this year. As fans await the popular CBS drama’s summer hiatus coming to an end, crew member Rick Tunell has been giving them a preview of what to expect on his personal Twitter page. Rick has confirmed he’s “still looking” for ideal locations for the next season of NCIS: LA. The crew member took to social media this week as the show continued its search for sets which will feature in upcoming episodes. He has recently posted a sneak peek at a rather dingy set which could easily be the base of another dangerous criminal. The complex is decked out with plenty of graffiti and posters, and the windows have all been covered to ensure the occupant’s privacy. READ MORE: Meghan Markle left ‘disappointed’ by Strictly Come Dancing snub Although G Callen (played by Chris O’Donnell) finally took down his identity thief, the team could be about to take on another, more reclusive, cyber-criminal. Fans of the long-running NCIS spin-off were naturally thrilled to see another exciting glimpse at what could be in store over the next year. In the comments, @Chrishzl7 replied: “That looks creepy too.” And @barbaralowenkop said: “Seriously can’t wait! Thank you for working so hard for all of us.” Rick recently uploaded another set photo featuring a similarly spooky location earlier this month. He captioned the post: “Scouting creepy locations for the third episode of NCIS LA.” It’s currently unknown if his more recent location will be featured in the same episode of season 14. However, it does confirm the first chunk of episodes will see some members of the team exploring some rather dingy alcoves. DON'T MISS:Naga Munchetty admits concern over Lionesses Euro final [VIDEO]Martin Henderson shares Virgin River season 5 fears [INSIGHT]Better Call Saul’s Rhea Seehorn pays tribute to ‘legend’ co-star [COMMENT] NCIS fan @Richtsjes asked: “How do you find places like this, by asking around? Love it!” @fansericcolsen exclaimed: “Wow, this is truly creepy!!” Although @CLUTCH2740 joked: “Not creepy to me. Put a bed inside there and some blankets and I’ll spend the night.” While Frank J Sasso speculated: “Two words come to mind when I see this: David Kessler!!!” “He’s closing in on Kensi if I remember. Let’s go, Deeks the Defender!” (sic) Throughout the last season, Kensi Blye (Daniela Ruah) was being pursued by an old enemy, serial killer David Kessler (Frank Military). Now he’s escaped his life behind bars, will Kensi’s husband Marty Deeks (Eric Christian Olsen) have to help her track him down in one of these disturbing hidden lairs? NCIS Los Angeles season 14 premieres Sunday, October 9 on CBS in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.