England stars Lucy Bronze and Steph Houghton also appeared in the top 10, alongside legendary presenter Gabby Logan. And Ellen White, Alex Greenwood, Georgia Stanway, and Fran Kirby all made the list for their achievements on the pitch, in the study of 1,500 female football fans. It also emerged 60 percent of girls are increasingly interested in playing football – citing teamwork, exercise, and a good sense of values as the main benefits of the game. A spokesman for vehicle manufacturer Volkswagen, which is giving 29 girls the chance to be a referee mascot at the Women’s Euros matches, said: “The benefits – and barriers – to girls in football are well documented. “We wanted to celebrate some of the women who have blazed a trail for aspiring young players, to mark an amazing Women’s Euros season. “Alex Scott is a brilliant and deserving topper of this poll, and she sets a wonderful example to girls around the world making their way in the game.” The study also found three in ten of those polled believe women’s football will eventually be viewed equally to the men’s game – but this isn’t expected to happen for almost eight years. And 69 percent believe professional women’s football should receive more attention than it currently does. However, almost two-thirds (64 percent) think the future is bright, as there are more female role models in the game now than ever before. And the same number wish there had been more high-profile female footballers and pundits when they were children. It also emerged those polled, via OnePoll, look to female role models to be hardworking (45 percent), have confidence (44 percent), and be respectful (41 percent). Volkswagen’s spokesman added: “Women’s football is having a real moment, and the Euros are the culmination of that. “It’s been a fantastic tournament so far, with record attendances for some games, including England’s recent match at Old Trafford. “Hopefully, the game can continue to grow and inspire women and girls for years to come, and we’ll see this list of inspirational icons get bigger and bigger.” THE 40 BIGGEST GAME CHANGERS IN FEMALE FOOTBALL: