Liam is best known for playing Dan Spencer on Emmerdale, the uncle of Amelia Spencer (played by Daisy Campbell) and the ex-husband of Chas Dingle (Lucy Pargeter) and Kerry Wyatt (Laura Norton). The actor hasn't been seen too much on the ITV soap lately but this doesn't mean to say he hasn't been at the centre of some huge storylines over the years. Although the soap star has been divorced before, he is now happily remarried and Express.co.uk has everything you need to know about his other half. The actor is married to his former co-star Joanna Hudson, who had a brief stint on the weeknight serial drama in 2018 as Ross Barton's (Michael Parr) doctor after the character was the victim of an acid attack. Over the years, the actress has starred in a number of short films and also played the role of a waitress in the film, The Bromley Boys. She now goes by the double-barrelled surname of Hudson-Fox as she and her husband got married in 2020 just before the pandemic meant weddings were postponed indefinitely. Tying the knot at Peckforton Castle in Cheshire, the couple became man and wife after three years of a blissful romance. They reconnected in 2017 but it was back in 1993 that they first met as they both studied for their carers at Salford University. READ MORE: Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen on 'isolating' Ravenseat challenges Although they had known each other for so long, it wasn't until after Liam was divorced they discovered they had a romantic spark. Speaking about their big day, Liam said: "It was everything I’d hoped for and more, so I’m chuffed. Me and Jojo were the last ones on the dance floor at 2.50am." Joanna added: "I was drinking an alcohol-free gin so I could just take in the day, but then once we got to the after party I had some prosecco." Reliving the moment she went down the aisle, Joanna explained having battled a life-threatening tumour a few years before: "My best friend Susannah walked me down the aisle because she looked after me when I was ill. "My biggest heartwarming moment was watching [Liam's stepdaughter] Gemma singing during the ceremony." Liam added: "It made me emotional. She’s my stepdaughter, but she’s my daughter. Luckily, mine and Nicole’s divorce wasn’t messy in any way, so our relationship hasn’t been affected. "I even had my ex-mother-in-law at the wedding! If Nicole wasn’t on tour, she’d have been there too," he continued to explain. Having met many years ago but having only recently exchanged vows, Liam said to OK! Magazine: "It did feel like a long time coming. "We got engaged last April and now we’re married, which might seem a bit rushed to some people, but it just felt like it was meant to be. "We could have had 15 kids by now if we’d got together then," he continued. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale’s Jay Kontzle stunned as wife unveils third pregnancy [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Gemma Oaten forced to have ‘all her top teeth removed’ [COMMENT]Laura Norton weight loss: The big changes that saw TV star lose 3st [ANALYSIS] The soap star was previously husband to former Hollyoaks star Nicole Barber-Lane, who played Myra McQueen on the Channel 4 serial drama. Back in 1999, the couple tied the knot after they met two years previously in 1997 when training to become teachers at Tameside College in Manchester. Unfortunately, the wedding day didn't go as planned as Liam explained: "Nicola went to pick up her flowers and get ready with her friend then as they were driving back the friend had to slam the brakes on in the car. "Nicole nearly went through the windscreen. Her head bashed into the glass and embedded the tiara she was wearing into the top of her head," he told the Daily Mirror. This didn't stop them from making it down the aisle and they went on to have their son Ben together, with Liam becoming a father figure to Nicole's daughter, Gemma. After 16 years together, they decided to go their separate ways, with a joint statement from the couple stating: "It is with much sadness that we confirm the end of our marriage, though our family unit remains strong. "We'll always love and respect each other and are united by our children and family remaining at the centre of our lives." Before Liam went on to meet and marry Joanna, an unnamed source explained to the Sunday People: "They will continue to live together for the foreseeable future as they enjoy the precious last few years of their children being in the family home." Another unnamed source said at the time: "Liam and Nicole are divorcing as their relationship as man and wife has come to an end, but they genuinely remain good friends. "They continue to socialise with each other and enjoy time together as a family with their children, also working on some projects together." Following his split from Nicole, the actor tried delving into the world of online dating as he thought this was where he could meet a potential future partner. He explained: "I went on an online dating rampage! I was on Tinder and eHarmony. I've dated all sorts of women and I have some great stories to share but I'd better not tell in case they read this. "I didn't want to sit at home feeling sorry for myself after my split from Nicole. "I was a serial monogamist from the moment I met her in my early twenties so needed time to figure out who I was and what I wanted from a relationship," he told OK! online. Nicole was even invited to his wedding in 2020 but unfortunately, tour commitments meant she was unable to be there. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.