Carol Vorderman has been hosting the show and speaking to guests while veteran host Lorraine Kelly is off. Lorraine has been fronting her own show some 2010 once GMTV had wrapped up. While Lorraine does take breaks for the summer holidays and half-term, she was due to be on presenting duties this week. The star initially missed yesterday's (Monday, July 11) show and was again off-screen today (July 12). Lorraine revealed she’d finally caught Covid after testing positive at the weekend. She informed her fans on Twitter about her absence, telling her 707,600 followers: "Well the Covid has finally got me and I tested positive at the weekend. "Thanks to the vaccine it’s not too bad and I hope to be back at work very soon. READ MORE: Lorraine Kelly refused to make change before quitting BBC job "Huge thanks to @carolvorders who will be hosting @lorraine until I’m back." Lorraine also shared the news on her Instagram account, sharing a cute snap of her dogs with her 499,000 followers. She wrote: "THe dreaded Covid has finally caught up with me. I am so thankful to the scientists who developed the vaccine! "Being looked after by @rosiekellysmith @rubyisasausage and @steveandangussmith - thanks to @carolvorders for hosting @lorraine until I’m back ! #covid_19."  There's no word on when Lorraine is going to be back on the show as yet. Countdown legend Carol has been keeping viewers entertained with her stint on the show. But others were left distracted by Carol's appearance with even Good Morning Britain host Susanna Reid doing a double-take at the stand-in host. Carol said: "Sadly, Lorraine has caught the dreaded you know what and I'm sitting in here for a few days which I'm delighted to do." The presenter added: "But we are wishing her a speedy recovery." Carol has been sharing her own updates about leading Lorraine with an early morning, make-up-free selfie she posted on Twitter to her 57,000 followers. She wrote: "Morning early campers. 5.30am....ready for this amazing day to kick off. "Join me on @lorraine at 9am for a cracking show....don't worry make up will have been applied by then. Don't want to frighten the children!!!!" DON'T MISS...Below Deck Med: Fans call for Raygan firing amid season 7 premiere [VIEWER REACTION]Kate Middleton mortified at dad Michael's Wimbledon blunder [VIDEO]‘I cheated!’ Blue Bloods’ Tom Selleck speaks out on avoiding injury [INTERVIEW] Yesterday's edition of Lorraine saw Carol present a segment featuring a fortune-telling farm animal. Pig Mystic Marcus was asked to choose Prime Minister Boris Johnson's successor with the porcine psychic plumping for Suella Braverman. Mystic Marcus previously predicted correctly Boris would "go" and so his skills were put to the test again. Carol thanked fans for their support for her last-minute presenting slot on Lorraine. She said: "Thank you for all your lovely mesaages about the Lorraine show earlier. We all had a blast." Lorraine airs on ITV on weekdays at 9pm