Shared parking spaces and residential car parks can often be a cause for concern over whether drivers can access their parking spaces. But one driver has taken it to a new level, by fencing off access to her parking space, meaning what once took 30 seconds to get to her car, now takes five minutes. Writing on Mumsnet, the frustrated homeowner said that she shared a gate with her neighbour on their terrace which allowed them to access the car parking area. Each of the houses on the terrace of four owns a car parking space, which is adjacent to their gardens. She claimed the use of the gate shared by her and her neighbour meant that the woman had to cross around 30 centimetres into the neighbour's garden. The arrangement has existed for around 17 years when the current garden and parking area configuration was created because another development was being built. READ MORE: Drivers urged to follow a little-known speed bump rule to save on fuel The woman added: “When I bought my property 13 years back my solicitor did flag up that no Right of Way was currently on my title (titles only registered in 2002 as individual plots in the terrace) but I was in a hurry to complete so didn't address this then. “My neighbour has now built a fence that does not include a gate so I can no longer access my parking space without a five minute detour along a public road. “I have tried to resolve this with the neighbour as I believe if we can reach an agreement we can just register with the Land Reg.” The woman claims that the neighbour uses a bit of her land to access her car parking space. DON'T MISSSoaring oil prices leading to cheaper used cars [INSIGHT]Campervan couple turned away from favourite destination [SHOCKING]Drivers told to avoid 'extreme' fuel use by using air con trick [WARNING] She noted that the previous owner of the property also used the shared gate. This means that the route has been used for over 20 years, although not by the same homeowners. She said that it was “dumb” for her not to address the right of way issues when she purchased the house, advising others to “never do this”. The concerned driver asked other members of the forum for advice, prompting a debate in the responses. Some commenters were firm in their reaction, saying that if she does not have a right of way then they will have to use the five minute detour. One person responded: "It sounds like you’d have a prescribed easement. The access has been used continuously for 20 years (doesn’t have to be by just you, can be previous owners). “I’d recommend contacting a Land Surveyor who specialises in wayleaves and easements to help." Another commenter advised: "Ignore those saying 'block her access' until you know for sure whether she has a legal right of way across your land to her property. "Just because you don't have right of way over her land (or you may, you need to check), doesn't mean that she's not got right of way over yours. “You need advice from your solicitor before you do anything else." The driver clarified that if she were to block the access for her neighbour, the other two neighbours in the terrace wouldn’t be able to use it either. She said she would only do this as a “last resort”.