The announcement was made on the back-end of the recent NATO summit which was held in Madrid. NATO members discussed the ongoing threat from Russia following the ongoing invasion of Ukraine, as well as making pledges to increase defence spending and prepare stronger defences across the continent, with particular focus being paid to Eastern Europe.   The two US navy ships are set to be deployed on a permanent basis bringing the total number of vessels based on the Iberian Peninsula to six. Speaking of the news, Senator Jim Inhofe said: “Great news. “I have been calling for the US to boost our destroyer fleet in Rota for years. “This enhanced presence will strengthen our posture and deterrence capabilities in Europe.”  The navy destroyers are set to arrive in Spain in 2024, sending a clear message to all that US presence in Europe - during a time of instability driven by Russia’s war in Ukraine - is significant both symbolically and practically. Senior fellow at the Centre for New American Security Jim Townsend said: “This is a powerful signal the US is in full support of beefing up our force posture in Europe. “That it’s not just China that drives our force posture overseas, it reassures allies that we are in the game and not just trying to get by on the cheap.” The Navy’s presence in Rota and the increase of just two ships is a powerful move because of the service’s unique ability to homeport its warships forward. Sebastian Bruns, a researcher at the Institute for Security Policy at Kiel University and formerly a visiting professor at the US Naval Academy said: “The four, now six DDGs in Rota are an asset, a strong symbol of rotating forward presence — the US Navy still being the only Navy in the world to be forward present like that.”  READ MORE:Erdogan could be about to pull rug from under Russia after NATO talks  Speaking of why the Navy has decided to deploy the extra ships, Mr Townsend suggested the war in Ukraine was the catalyst in making the move. He said: “With the invasion of Ukraine, the Navy has upped its game in Europe. “I’m sure there was a fight about that too between the Europe and Asia hands in both the Navy and the broader federal government.” The threat from Russia comes alongside ongoing tension in the Indo-Pacific region, most notably in the South China Sea. Following the signing of the so-called AUKUS deal between the US, UK and Australia, China has stepped up its own naval presence in recent times. The launch of the “Fugian” aircraft carrier becomes China’s third such vessel. Furthermore, Beijing has strengthened ties with Pacific Island nations, most notably with the Solomon Islands, in which many predict China will build a naval port “brick by brick”. DON'T MISS:Entire Russian unit wiped out with multiple assets obliterated [REVEAL]Putin's 'utter bull**' exposed as Russia 'reaches limits' [OPINION]Former Army chief blows top over 'madness' plans to cut 10,000 troops [REPORT]  Further to the pledge to add more ships to the port in Rota, Mr Biden has also pledged to open a permanent military base in Poland. The Army’s V Corps forward command post will see its base placed on the fringes of Eastern Europe. Added to this, the US will also send two F-35 fighter jet squadrons to the UK, whilst further air defence units will be placed in Germany and Italy. US officials emphasized that the permanent basing applied only to headquarters units, not combat troops, and was therefore consistent with a 1997 agreement between NATO and Russia in which the alliance agreed not to permanently base combat troops in Eastern Europe as it aimed to build more constructive ties in the post-Cold War environment.  Don't forget to share your views on this story in our comments section below