Hilary Coats, 56, has been looking at several ways to reduce her costs, particularly with the rising cost of living and prices constantly going up. She took on the BT Smarter Living Challenge, taking on regular tasks to reduce her energy costs and other expenditure, from November 2020 to January 2021. She still uses the tips she picked up from the challenge to this day, and has smart plugs installed so she can remotely turn off her device rather than leaving them on standby. Two months into the challenge, she was faced with switching her energy tariff, and she was soon making a major saving. She told Express.co.uk: “I’ve been a Martin Lewis disciple for a little while so I was regularly switching. “I was just coming to the end of one tariff, so I was looking around for a new tariff. “I was switching at the end of December and instead of using actual usage figures that I had got from my previous company, I decided I’ll put in a bit lower, because I expected to be reducing my energy output. READ MORE: State pensioners may be able to increase sum by up to £14.75 weekly “It went from £115 down to £84 a month, and I reckon that about £10 to £15 a month of that was due to taking part in the challenge.” She said it was “very simple” to get the app up and running on her phone, which enabled her to turn her TV and off from over a hundred miles away. Hilary lives in a four-bedroom detached home in south west England. She said that using the heating efficiently was also important in cutting her energy bills. She said: “It’s not just the smart tech.  “I turned down the thermostat by one degree. I’d tried to do this the year before and struggled. “Then I realised - close all the doors to the rooms that you’re not using, and then you’re only heating up the bit that you need. “It was easy to do it, it didn’t feel any different from how I felt the year before.” She has a smart meter, which she uses to see how much energy is used by everyday appliances, such as when she puts the kettle on. She also bought an air fryer for about £35, which can cook food in 10 minutes, rather than using an oven and having to wait for it to warm up. Another cost-cutting habit she has taken up is to walk or cycle to the gym, rather than drive, even in the winter months. READ MORE: ‘Game over!’ Woman, 42, watches as hackers steal £10,000 in attack  When she does go out in her car, she will aim to complete several tasks at once, to minimise how many trips she makes. She said that these may seem minor savings, but they soon add up. Hilary said: “It’s probably just pence. “But in the end, a few pennies that you save on each particular item adds up to being a little bit more money in your pocket and a little bit less energy usage.” Hilary has also been careful not to waste food, trying out more vegetarian meals. She has also been reducing her food bill by adding more pulses and vegetables to meat dishes, to stretch out her use of meat. Her student son encouraged her to slash her groceries bill by switching from Sainsbury’s and Tesco to a cheaper supermarket. She has started going to Aldi and has saved between £20 and £30 a week on her previous bill Looking ahead, Hilary is looking to sell her current property and downscale to a smaller home. She plans to kit out her new place with smart radiators, thermostats and lightbulbs, to make sure her appliances are turned off when she’s not using them. She said: “It's a perfect time to be saying to people, 'Nothing has to be major changes; you can start to make some smaller changes, and that will make a difference.' “It's probably not going to make enough of a difference to cover the rises in costs that we've got, but if it keeps it down a little bit, then it's better than nothing.”