Speaking to i News, Professor Karl Friston, of University College London, said the degree of protection the jab offers has fallen from 30 percent to about 10 percent. It comes as the rate of infections has increased with 2.7 million people estimated to have had the virus in the last week. Friston claims the effectiveness of the vaccine has been lessened due to the new dominant Omicron subvariants, BA.4 and BA.5, being better at evading immunity built up by vaccinations than the previous BA.2.  In the past two months, these two new variants have become the majority of cases within the UK. The rate of infections has increased drastically from 114,030 on June 1 to 351,546 on Sunday, according to the ZOE Covid study app. The number of infections is expected to continue to rise over the coming week, and with the added pressure of the heatwave, NHS services are being put on the nation’s highest alert. All 10 ambulance trusts have been put on "black alert” – otherwise known as the Resource Escalation Plan 4 – which means they are under "extreme pressure".  Under this plan, patients who are not suffering from life threatening injuries may be told to make their own way to hospital. The plan prioritises patients with urgent and life-threatening emergencies. West Midlands Ambulance Service said it had been on the highest level of alert for a few months, while South Central Ambulance Service confirmed it was also at REAP 4. South Central added that it had also declared a critical incident "due to current pressures on our services".  READ MORE: Top Tory sparks fury after running over neighbour's cat Professor Friston said: “The current peak in prevalence is quite remarkable. “Our modelling points to immune escape as one of the key factors in the current resurgence: particularly, a declining protection against getting infected. The efficacy of vaccines in preventing infection has declined sharply in the past months. “Crucially, the protection against getting seriously ill or dying does not appear to be falling in the same way, which means we might expect to see a lot of infections but a less marked increase in hospital admissions or fatalities.” Friston said vaccinations remain “key” with efficiency being placed on the initial jabs and boosters.  DON'T MISS:How to live longer: Six 'super' items that add 10 years to your life [COMMENT]Diabetes: The 'overwhelming' sign of high blood sugar on the feet [INSIGHT]Cancer symptoms: Feel that? Two 'general' signs that can be 'felt' [OPINION] A separate study also involving University College London suggested that BA.4 and BA.5 work by evading some of the existing immune defences and neutralise others. The paper, published on the bioRxiv pre-print server, said: “Omicron is notable for its large number of spike mutations found to promote immune escape and re-infection. “Most recently, Omicron BA.4 and BA.5 subvariants have emerged with increasing levels of adaptive immune escape threatening vaccine effectiveness. We demonstrate that the most recent Omicron variants have enhanced capacity to antagonise or evade human innate immune defences….and possibly reduce immune protection from severe disease.” A spokesperson for NHS England said: "Near record levels of 999 calls, challenges discharging patients to social care settings, increasing Covid cases - leading to more than 20,000 staff absences - and the current heatwave is inevitably having an impact on NHS capacity. It, however, remains vital that the public continue to dial 999 in an emergency and use 111 online, or their local pharmacy for other health issues and advice." 