Game Of Thrones star Emilia Clarke, 35, has joked that she still hasn’t forgiven her friend after they scuppered her opportunity to spend a night alone with Brad Pitt, 58. The actress spoke about the incident when she chatted to Vernon Kay on BBC Radio Two’s Breakfast Show on Friday. Vernon quizzed Emilia on when she knew she had made it big following her role as Daenerys Targaryen.The host then referred to when Brad Pitt bid hundreds of thousands of dollars at a charity silent auction to spend a night with her.He teased: “When you have got Brad Pitt bidding over $100,000 to watch an episode of Game Of Thrones with you, I mean, that’s alright isn’t it.  “I guess you would spend more time, I know I would, staring at him than the screen!” READ MORE:Rafael Nadal's sweary rant after question about his wife Xisca Perello Emilia chuckled: “I mean that was genuinely the most surreal moment of my entire life.  Emilia’s tone changed as she angrily quipped: “Yes! Cor, I’ve never forgiven him.”The star previously spoke about the comical situation during a 2018 appearance on The Graham Norton Show.She said that she was “petrified” that nobody would bid on her at the star-studded event so her friend offered to put his paddle up to save her any embarrassment.Emilia told Graham: “The person whose table I was on is a friend and he was being very kind and put his paddle up... then someone else’s paddle went up across the room and then suddenly it was becoming quite a bit of money, it was absolutely mental. DON'T MISSCliff Richard, 81, looks downcast as he's spotted at Wimbledon day two[PICTURES]Stunner Ruth Langsford almost unrecognisable in glam transformation[LATEST]Loose Women’s Denise Welch sparks frenzy in busty red swimsuit snap[NEWS] “Then I looked across the room and [Brad’s] got his paddle up. "But it didn’t work out because the person who was my friend ended up doing the highest bid.“I just looked over [at Brad] with the most insane emoji heart eyes being like, ‘This is just the greatest moment of my life’.” It comes as Emilia is making her West End debut playing Nina in Anton Chekhov’s The Seagull.The play’s synopsis says it is a story of “an isolated home in the countryside where dreams are in tatters, hopes dashed, hearts broken, and nowhere left to turn, the only option is to turn on each other.”It will run until September 10 at the Harold Pinter Theatre.