Pensioners in England are entitled to the "freebie" when they turn 66 years old, however, this could be pushed back even further with the state pension age changes. Current Government proposals suggest that the state pension age will be raised to 67 and then 68. But people only have to wait until they are 60 in Wales and Scotland to get the benefit. Millions of pensioners look forward to receiving their free bus passes to help them meet the cost of living. There’s never been a more important time to make savings where possible, but pensioners are being warned they may have to wait longer. The state pension age will go up from 66 to 67 between 2026 and 2028, according to the Government’s published plans. READ MORE: Free prescriptions: Britons not eligible for benefit could save £340 on medication costs “For example, National Express offers a Senior Coach-card for people who are 60 and over. ‘It costs £12.50 and offers a third off your travel throughout the year. “Some local authorities offer concessions that apply to local public transport. Contact your local council for more information about what they offer.” It is just pensioners who can receive a free bus pass, there are other groups that qualify. READ MORE: National Insurance threshold: How to check how much more you could get this month This includes: Free bus travel for under 22s in Scotland was rolled out in January 2022 in a bid to assist young people with their travel expenses. The concession was made readily available to children and young people with a new National Entitlement Card (NEC) or Young Scot NEC. The older age group is the most likely to be losing out on financial help according to Age UK. Some 850,000 are missing out on Pension Credit which could add more than £3,000 a year to their finances. Pension Credit is available to people who have reached State Pension age if they earn £177 a week or less. Typically, it can also mean they receive help with housing costs and a free TV licence if they are also over 75 years old. What other freebies can I get if I qualify for Pension Credit?