Prime Day 2022 is almost here, with the bombastic sale for Prime subscribers scheduled for July 12, 2022. If you're not already a Prime member, you'll need to sign-up for a 30-day free trial to unlock access to all of the deals and discounts. On the hunt for bargains? The good news is that you don't have to wait until July 12 as Amazon has already unleashed a number of early Prime Day deals. The online retailer is giving away access to thousands of Kindle books for free, exclusive shows and podcasts from Audible, and free PC games courtesy of Prime Gaming.  If you want to find details on the best deals available in the run-up to Prime Day 2022 then here's what you need to know... If you've been thinking of adding an Alexa-powered smart speaker to your home for a while, Amazon has the deal for you. For a limited time, Amazon is giving away a six months subscription to its Music Unlimited streaming service for free when you pick up a third-generation or fourth-generation Echo Dot speaker. You'll enjoy a discount on the usual price of the Echo Dot, and that's before you consider the free access to Music Unlimited (worth £9.99 per month) for half a year. Just like Spotify and Apple Music, Amazon's Music Unlimited subscription service offers access to a library of over 90 million tracks, hand-curated playlists, podcasts, and more. Plus, unlike Spotify, the entire Music Unlimited library is available in lossless (aka CD quality) audio, while over seven million songs can be streamed in even better quality. There's no doubt this is one the best Echo Dot deals that we've come across. And if you order now, you'll take delivery of your new Echo Dot before Prime Day 2022 even begins! Bookworms on the hunt for something new to read need this amazing deal on Kindle Unlimited. For those who don't know, this monthly subscription service offers access to one million ebooks, audiobooks, and digital magazines. The subscription is usually priced at £7.99 per month but for a limited time, Prime members can get three months access for free. You can cancel at any point and you won't pay a thing. If this is a service you like the sound of, but don't have a Kindle, then fret not. Kindle ebooks can be read on a variety of devices, from iPad, iPhone, Android tablets and smartphones, Kindle e-readers, Kindle Fire tablets, and laptops via the Kindle app. This deal, like the Echo Dot deal, also runs out on July 14. If you're into audiobooks, Amazon is offering three months access to Audible for free. This monthly subscription service costs £7.99 per month and offers access to audiobooks via a range of devices including iPhone, iPad, Android tablets and smartphones, as well as any Alexa-powered smart speakers. With an Audible membership, you'll be able to download and keep an audiobook of your choosing each month. Even if you cancel your free trial, you'll still be able to keep any audiobooks from the free trial period. And it's not only books, Audible members will also gain unlimited access to thousands of Audible Originals and podcasts. The company has slowly been building a vast back catalogue of these shows, including Tan France's Queer Icons, Stephen Fry's Inside Your Mind, Derren Brown's Boot Camp For Life, The Graham Norton Book Club, French and Saunders Titting About, The Search For MH370: Deepest Dive, Finding Q: My Journey Into QAnon, and Alan Partridge: From The Oasthouse. Audible also hosts a number of dramatisations, like Little Women performed by Laura Dern and a full cast, The Jane Austen Collection with Billie Piper and Florence Pugh, and Around The World In 80 Days. There are also a number of shows centred around wellness and mental wellbeing, like How To Train Your Mind, Finding Your Purpose, and How Superfoods Work. This deal is only available for Prime subscribers and runs out on July 14. Prime Day isn't even here, but Amazon has slashed the cost of its Spotify rival to nothing. Yes, for a limited time, Amazon Prime customers will be able to access Music Unlimited for free for four months. The service offers access to a library of over 90 million songs, all available in a CD-quality lossless format (something you will not find on Spotify). Music Unlimited costs £9.99 a month if you're not a Prime subscriber or £8.99 if you are. And right now Prime subscribers can get four months worth of access to the service for free, with non-Prime subscribers able to get three months access for free. Like with other deals mentioned in this article, the offer runs out on July 14 - so time is running out to grab the promotion. MORE LIKE THIS