The EU member states formally signed its membership to the euro area this morning and will adopt the common currency from January 1, 2023. At a time when the Eurozone is facing rising levels of inflation and stagnating growth, the decision to join the EU's common currency may come as a surprise. But Croatian deputy prime minister and finance minister Zdravko Maric is adamant the move could benefit both his country and the eurozone as a whole. EU Commission President Ursula von der Leyen also emphasised that not only Croatia will benefit from this step, the euro will also be strengthened by the Balkan country's accession. A lot of economists in Germany, however, see things differently. Especially as the next candidate after Croatia is Bulgaria, which has already applied for membership and aims to become the 21st country to introduce the common currency in 2024. Croatia is the third poorest country in the EU, Bulgaria with a gross domestic product of less than 10,000 euros per capita ranks last in economic power. "It is understandable that Croatia would like to join the monetary union," says Stefan Kooths, Vice President of the Kiel Institute for the World Economy (IfW). "After all, the country is not giving up a stable currency, but rather hopes to benefit from the more favourable debt conditions in the monetary union. "After all, the ECB has already announced that it will use a new monetary policy instrument to ensure that interest rate differentials within the monetary union remain low during the crisis." High-debt countries like Italy or Greece therefore do not have to fear having to pay significantly more for new loans than Germany. The IfW's head of economic research worries that as a result of years of misguided developments in the Eurozone with ultra-loose monetary policy and lax debt rules, the monetary union is only attracting the wrong people. Brussels was desperate to give the signal that the Eurozone is growing. "But it is worrying that the strong states like Sweden or Denmark do not want the euro," says Kooths. A look at the voting behaviour in the ECB showed that Council members were looking at the financial situation in their own countries, he says. The economist does not see Croatia's accession as a threat to the euro area. But the step would come at an inopportune moment. As long as the major problems of the monetary union have not been solved, the circle should not be widened, says the economist: "As long as you haven't stabilised your house, you shouldn't grow." Matthias Kullas of the Centre for European Policy (CEP) points out that Croatia's debt level of just under 80 percent of gross domestic product (GDP) is below the average of the euro countries, which climbed to a good 95 percent in the wake of the Covid crisis. But the Stability Pact actually sets the maximum limit at 60 percent. Among the eight EU members that have not yet joined the monetary union, Croatia has the highest debt. READ MORE: Putin allies in meltdown as cracks appear over Ukraine "Sweden, with a debt level of only 37 percent, would be very welcome, but it has no interest in the euro," says the economist. The Scandinavian country has not yet taken any legal steps to fulfil all formal accession requirements. Croatia and Bulgaria, on the other hand, announced their intention to join the euro in 2019 and 2018, respectively, and have both been participating in the exchange rate mechanism since 2020, so they are already closely tied to the eurozone. However, the CEP expert points out that Croatia, along with Bulgaria, Romania and Hungary, is one of the EU countries whose institutions are rather weak. According to Kullas, the low institutional strength means a risk for economic and political resilience in times of crisis. DON'T MISS:How Russia's forces stack up against the UK's Army, RAF and Navy [INSIGHT]Germany braces for ‘nightmare’ over Nord Stream 1 [ANALYSIS]Erdogan ‘takes action’ as Putin and Zelensky on verge [VIDEO] But as with previous enlargements of the monetary union, all concerns are not shared by those in charge. It is considered certain that Croatia would adopt the euro ten years after joining the EU. According to the convergence reports, the country fulfils all four criteria relevant for accession, despite its high debt level. These relate to price stability, exchange rate stability, the sustainability of convergence through long-term interest rates and sound public finances. Countries that want to adopt the euro must show a high degree of lasting economic convergence with the eurozone, i.e. they must have already aligned themselves to a large extent with the conditions and rules of the monetary union. Croatia is said to have incurred high debts during the pandemic, but since then it has already reduced its debt level again. Whether this course can be maintained in the current crisis, however, can only be judged after accession. Additional reporting by Monika Pallenberg