Unnecessary suffering and even deaths could have been avoided had West Mercia Police acted on accusations, the probe said yesterday. In 2018, a Sunday Mirror investigation concluded that around 1,000 children could have been sexually exploited in the Shropshire town. Child sex exploitation "thrived" in Telford because of failures to investigate offenders and protect children, amid fears that probes into Asian men would "inflame racial tensions" said the report. Inquiry chairman Tom Crowther QC said: "Victims and survivors repeatedly told the inquiry how when they were children, men worked to gain their trust before ruthlessly betraying that trust, treating them as sexual objects or commodities. "Countless children were sexually assaulted and raped. They were deliberately humiliated and degraded. They were shared and trafficked. "They were subjected to violence and their families were threatened. They lived in fear and their lives were forever changed." He said "for decades child sexual abuse thrived in Telford unchecked" and agencies, including the council and police, were "aware of it in detail". A lack of police action emboldened offenders he said, adding: "It is impossible not to wonder how different the lives of those early 2000s victims of child sexual exploitation may have been had West Mercia Police done its most basic job. "It is impossible not to conclude there was a real chance unnecessary suffering and even deaths of children may have been avoided." Seven men were jailed in 2013 following Operation Chalice, a police probe into child prostitution in the Telford area. The inquiry, which has taken three years, looked at allegations from 1989 to the present day. But Mr Crowther said he had spoken to victims who suffered in the 1970s. Asst Chief Constable Richard Cooper said: "While there were no findings of corruption, our actions fell far short of the protection you should have had from us. It was unacceptable, we let you down." Telford and Wrekin Council also apologised for its failings.