Heading into season 14 of NCIS Los Angeles, Kensi Blye (played by Daniela Ruah) and her beau Marty Deeks (Eric Christian Olsen) couldn’t be happier. The two found their dream of starting a family start to come to fruition in season 13 as they were given the green light to foster Rosa (Natalia Del Riego). Now, with filming underway on the 14th run, fans are keen for updates on what’s to come - and actor Ruah has obliged with a first sneak peek at production. Along with the likes of Sam Hanna’s LL Cool J and G Callen’s Chris O’Donnell, the cast of NCIS LA is back shooting all-new episodes. With a premiere date penned in by CBS for Sunday, October 9, there are just a few months to go until season 14 gets underway. Kensi and Deeks may be in high spirits given their foster news, but there’s still the haunting prospect of sociopath David Kessler (Frank Military) lurking in the background to get revenge on Kensi. Whatever happens in terms of storyline, Ruah shed some light on the first day of filming, confirming the cast will at least get to shoot while basking in the sunshine. READ MORE: NCIS’ Michael Weatherly pays tribute to Bull co-star in exit update Taking to Instagram, Ruah shared a snap alongside three of the show’s crew members. “Back on set with my @ncisla family…” Ruah began in her caption. She then tagged the NCIS LA posing alongside her: “@highburygunners @keithbanks2237 & Jerry Jerry.” Jerry and Ruah were joined by camera operators Terence Nightingall and Keith Banks Camera as they soaked in the sun at the location. And inevitably, it didn’t take long for Ruah’s followers and NCIS LA fans to be sent into a frenzy at the first-look. Instagram user @bestofncisla typed: “Kensi's back! So excited about it! I miss her.” While @ivana_d147 replied: “Welcome back Kensi !! So happy that in a few months I can enjoy again in my fav tv show. LOVE YOU.” Elsewhere, @marialuisa__i simply remarked: “Can't wait to watch Season 14!!” DON'T MISS:NCIS LA season 14: Fans sent into frenzy as crew member shares peekNCIS season 20: Jimmy Palmer star sparks meltdown as he shares peekNCIS season 20: Torres star sparks frenzy as he teases ‘change' And @martacuesta28 echoed: “Can't wait. Love to see you guys are back." “The Queen Herself Kensi Marie Blye is back, babyyy!” @danielaruah.fans weighed in. While @kathyfink65 concurred: “Can’t wait, love NCIS la, love kensi and deeks. Perfect tv couple.” Ruah’s update isn’t the only one to have sparked a frenzy among the fandom since production commenced either. Production manager Rick Tunell took to Twitter earlier this month to show off “creepy” locations the cast would be filming in. “Scouting creepy locations for the third episode of #ncisla,” Tunell tweeted to his 1,619 followers. Who exactly will wind up in the “creepy” setting remains to be seen but Tunell did confirm fans would find out in episode three of the new season. NCIS Los Angeles season 14 premieres on CBS in the USA on Sunday, October 9. A UK release date is yet to be announced.