Claire is best known for playing Kim Tate on Emmerdale, the mother of Jamie Tate (played by Alexander Lincoln) and the original villain of the village. The actress has appeared in two stints on the ITV soap but both times she has managed to dominate the spotlight with her character. It seems life for the soap star is very different off-camera and her relationships in the past have been well-documented in the press. Yes, Claire is currently in a long-term relationship but the identity of her partner has been kept out of the public domain. This is because the couple prefers to stay private, especially since Claire has had a number of high-profile relationships in the past. None more so than when she started dating her on-screen stepson, Peter Amory, who played Chris Tate on the weeknight serial drama. After beginning a romance in the 1990s, it wasn't until 1994 that the couple decided to get married and make their partnership official. Unfortunately, the marriage only lasted 10 years before they divorced in 2004 following the discovery her husband was having an alleged affair. READ MORE: EastEnders theory: Kat Slater furious as unwanted guest crashes party Discussing the fallout of her marriage ending, Claire explained to The Mirror: "I had a feeling that something was going on. "I was working in London and we were spending less and less time together. I was travelling back to Yorkshire every weekend. "I remember Pete saying that I only came back to see my dogs and horses... and I thought, 'Well, yes, and to catch you at it!'" Claire added: "I questioned Pete and he admitted it had been going on for a while. He told me it was over but then it started again." "At that point, I said, 'Well, you have to go with her then, because it obviously isn't going to stop,'" she continued to explain. "And because I took it on the chin and didn't rant or rave or beg, I didn't realise how much it hurt," the actress said. Despite the alleged affair, Claire is now good friends with Peter. Things are a lot different with her current beau, who she has been seeing for the past 13 years and she describes him as a "normal bloke from Yorkshire." DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Michelle Hardwick expecting second baby with wife [COMMENT] 'My love!' Emmerdale's Isabel Hodgins at brunch with co-star [COMMENT]Liam Fox married to Hollyoaks star before old girlfriend reunion [ANALYSIS] Discussing their relationship, Claire said: "Well, when I was married to Pete, we couldn’t help being in the public eye as we worked together." The soap star continued to explain: "But, luckily, that wasn’t in the time of social media. My partner now isn’t in the business. "And that suits me perfectly well. He isn’t interested in the business, and that keeps me grounded – not that I need grounding." Asked if her partner has children, the actress added: "My partner has two girls, so I am stepmummy again but they are in their mid-twenties so we go out drinking. "I’ve been their stepmum since they were teenagers and we get on great. "The stepparent role can be a tricky one but it’s finding that balance." When discussing if she and her partner got on well during the lockdown, the soap star remarked: "We get on really well." "And we work well as a team – hence why we got so much DIY done in lockdown." "Also, the house is big enough to not get on top of each other, which is good," she said in an interview with OK! Magazine. It seems she appreciates her family more than ever now as she turned 60 years old earlier this year in January. When asked if she embraces getting older, she said: "No, not really! But there is not a lot you can do. Time passes and it does for everybody. "I value things like friends, family and trying to be a nice person far more than I value how I look, because looks fade but the other things don’t have to." Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.