Boris Johnson quit as Tory leader after admitting he failed to persuade Cabinet colleagues that he could fight on. The Prime Minister said it was "eccentric" to change governments at this stage but "I regret not to have been successful in those arguments". Conservative MP Andrew Bridgen has since claimed Mr Johnson is "unwell". Speaking to Sky News, he said: "I think it would be ideal due to the pressure of the past few weeks and few months if Boris Johnson said he was too unwell to carry on in his role and stand down. "That would be an ideal solution for us all. "At the end of the day, he's lost his authority. "He's been told he's got to leave Downing Street and we know that leave means leave." READ MORE: Boris Johnson 'will return' to No 10 after penning 'History of Brexit' Presenter Jon Craig interjected: "He's not unwell though, is he?" Mr Bridgen claimed: "That depends on who you ask." It comes as former prime minister Sir John Major said it would be "unwise and may be unsustainable" for Boris Johnson to remain in office while a new Tory leader is elected. In a letter to Tory 1922 Committee chairman Sir Graham Brady, Sir John said: "The proposal for the Prime Minister to remain in office - for up to three months - having lost the support of his Cabinet, his Government and his parliamentary party is unwise, and may be unsustainable. "In such a circumstance the Prime Minister maintains the power of patronage and, of even greater concern, the power to make decisions which will affect the lives of those within all four nations of the United Kingdom and further afield. "Some will argue that his new Cabinet will restrain him. I merely note that his previous Cabinet did not - or could not - do so." Sir John suggested Deputy Prime Minister Dominic Raab could be an acting prime minister until a new leader was elected. Or he said Tory MPs could elect the new leader who would become prime minister, with party members then asked to endorse the decision. DON'T MISS Ireland seizes on Boris' exit and throws down Brexit gauntlet [INSIGHT]Smug Starmer grinning at Wimbledon as he is spotted for first time [ANALYSIS]Dr Shola unleashes unhinged rant as Boris resigns [VIDEO] Sir John said: "Neither of these options is ideal, but the interests of the country must be given priority over all else and, with so many long-term and critical issues before us, an imaginative response even at the risk of some bruised feelings within the party - is most definitely in the national interest." While former Prime Minister Theresa May says whoever succeeds Boris Johnson needs to "unite the country and unite the party" and be honest with the public about the challenges of the cost-of-living crisis. Mrs May was asked if she would be prepared to act as a caretaker Prime Minister, but said: "I don't think there's going to be a caretaker Prime Minister in the sense of somebody else coming into that role." The ex-Tory leader was making a speech in London as Boris Johnson announced his resignation in Downing Street.