With temperatures reaching dizzying heights once again over the weekend, many Britons will have found themselves donning a hat. Sweat mixed with suncream is likely to have left nasty stains and residue on caps, even after giving them a wipe. While it may be tempting to throw caps in the washing machine, Lynsey Crombie has urged Britons not to do this but to instead pop them in the dishwasher. Lynsey, who is known as the Queen of Clean on Instagram, is a cleaning expert for ITV’s This Morning. Yesterday, the cleaning pro shared a video of herself popping her caps in the dishwasher. Lynsey had three baseball caps that were all different colours. She popped them all on the top shelf of her dishwasher and closed the door. In the caption of her video, Lynsey said she then put the dishwasher on an “eco-quick cycle”. This will allow the hats to maintain their shape while looking “pristine”. She explained further: “Do you want to know the best way to clean baseball caps without damaging them? “Baseball caps will contain dirt, oils, and sweat that can get trapped in.  “They are so easy to clean and will come up beautifully if you simply just pop them on the top shelf of your dishwasher. “This way they will maintain their shape and stay pristine. “Add your tablet and DO NOT do them with your dirty dishes but make sure you have a few to put in together and pop on an eco-quick cycle. “So why not the washing machine - the spin motion is what can take them out of shape.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea People looking to use this hack should use a dishwasher tablet not a washing machine tablet in the dishwasher. Lynsey’s post received more than 1,400 likes and a plethora of positive comments from her fans. Instagram user Lucy Wyndham said the hack was going to be a “game changer”. She wrote: “OMG - this is going to be a game changer.  “I have ruined so many of my baseball caps by putting them in the washing machine - but no more. Thank you.” Social media user @perfectplanner.company said: “Damn! Reading this as my washing machine is spinning with my girls' school caps in. Next time. Great tip.” Instagram user @mrsjennig13 wrote: “My husband always complains about me cleaning his caps in the sink. “His grey one has sweat marks on it so I’m going to try this.”