Sanditon returned to ITV after a two-year hiatus and left viewers keen to find out where the characters had left off. Outlander star Alexander Vlahos stars as charming bohemian Charles Lockhart in the latest series. However, Alexander feared he'd put his foot in it when he claimed that Sanditon was better than Netflix hit Bridgerton because of its accuracy. Touching on the differences between the two-period dramas, Alexander quipped: "Accuracy... I'm gonna get in trouble for saying that! "But no, I love Bridgerton, I've got friends in it, and they can both coexist, I think and give people love period dramas. "I think the same way in shows like Merlin and Game of Thrones and that there can be so many parallels and similarities and shows. "But, yeah, I'm gonna say accuracy," he teased. READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow expert in awe of gold ring found at car boot sale Frank Blake, who plays Captain Declan Fraser, also told Express.co.uk and other press: "I think it's taken a huge leap forwards for what some people call a stale genre. "Sometimes I think it's kind of rejuvenated it, so I think it's great, and it's great that Sanditon and Bridgerton can coexist, they don't have to be pitted against one another." With both period dramas entering production during the pandemic, Alexander admitted that coronavirus restrictions didn't get in the way of their filming schedule. He explained: "I remember we got tested every day that we were in, tested for dance rehearsals and testing when we weren't in and when we travelled. "But I can't remember anything happening on set, you know, we still had kissing scenes, and we still had all the stuff that you would think that would stop because of Covid." On the flip side, the cast had many positive things to say about filming and revealed their favourite things about diving into a period drama. Alexander revealed: "I loved the stereotype and the trope of period dramas with good leading men with their white shirts. "I was thrilled because I never get these roles, really and to see that Charles would sort of rock the white pillow shirt even though he was a portrait artist." DON'T MISS...Sanditon season 3 release: Writer teases disappointing update  [INSIGHT]Sanditon's Arthur Parker admits challenging aspect on set of drama  [LATEST]Sanditon’s Kris Marshall shares story of awkward wardrobe malfunction [WATCH] Rosie Graham, who plays Charlotte Heywood's (played by Rose Williams) younger sister Alison added: "I like the dancing as well, which was so fun, and we had an incredible choreographer, Sally Murray. "That was some of my favourite days, we didn't have many dance rehearsals we were sort of thrown in, but we're surrounded by professional dancers. "I can't dance, really, and I wouldn't get away with cutting the shapes in this day and age, but you're not concerned when you're amongst beautiful dancers. "Also, the carriages. I was only in a carriage briefly, but when I tell you the wheels! There's not much room for bounce, I got very nauseous." Sanditon was Jane Austen's final novel, but it was left unfinished. The book was written in 1817, just months before her death, and tells the story of the spirited and unconventional Charlotte Heywood. Austen was only able to write 11 chapters of the book before she became too ill to continue writing. Writer Justin Young revealed that using his imagination to get into the mindset of Austen was "incomparable" but hoped to have done her novel justice. Sanditon airs Friday from 9pm on ITV.