 Those who are on Universal Credit are able to claim financial help worth up to £812 to go towards emergency household costs. The Budget Advance scheme is designed to help people if they are suddenly faced with having to pay for something unexpected. This could be something such as a funeral or if a key household appliance like a washing machine or oven has broken down. As it is a loan, people will need to pay it back through your future Universal Credit payments.     Britons will not pay any interest on this loan, unlike payday loans which are renowned for having sky-high interest rates and can cause financial strain on people who cannot keep up with the repayments. The smallest amount a person can borrow is £100. People can also get up to £348 if they're single, £464 if they are part of a couple, or £812 if they have children. The loan also comes on top of the usual amount of Universal Credit they already receive. READ MORE: NHS prescriptions:15 groups of people qualify for free prescriptions     Britons will have to meet certain criteria if they want to be eligible for the Budgeting Advance loan and not everyone who receives Universal Credit will be eligible. People must have been receiving Universal Credit, Income-related Employment and Support, Allowance, Income Support, Income-related Jobseeker’s Allowance or State Pension Credit for at least six months or more. However, the only time this won’t apply is if the money is needed to help a person start a new job or keep an existing one. People must also have earned less than £2,600 in the last six months, this goes up to £3,600 if they’re a part of a couple.    People must have also paid off any Budgeting Loans that people had previously received. The amount that people will receive will also be dependent on whether they have savings of over £1,000. This is because the amount a person can borrow is reduced by £1 for every £1 they have in savings over the £1,000 threshold. When repaying the loan, the first deduction will be taken out of the first Universal Credit payment a person will receive after they had been accepted for the loan. READ MORE: Council tax refund: £150 rebate not automatic in these areas    According to the rules, the loan will need to be repaid back within 12 months. This means that if a person receives the full £812 then they will have to pay back £68 a month, for £464 people will have to pay back around £38, and for £348 it will be around £29. Payments can also come out of wages if a person goes into work, or from other benefits, they may be getting. If a person stops claiming Universal Credit, they will still need to repay their Budgeting Advance.     If people don’t make payment arrangements, the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) can contact their employer to recover what is owed. To apply for a loan, people will need to update their journal in their Universal Credit account or call the Universal Credit helpline on 0800 328 5644 between 8am and 6pm from Monday to Friday. People can also contact their nearest Jobcentre to app      