A British Army trainer working to prepare Ukrainian Armed Forces troops to face Russia's military on the front lines of the war in Ukraine has expressed a desire to go to the war-torn country with recruits. Referring to the fresh recruits as his "brother in arms," one British army trainer told Sky News he would be "100 percent" willing to do the job from Ukraine. Reporting for an undisclosed location in northwest England, Sky News's Deborah Haynes said: "The British trainers say they're making a difference. "But some would clearly like to be doing that in Ukraine rather than remotely." Lance Corporal Philip Laurens told Sky News: "100 per cent, unfortunately, it's not up to me, but I would love to go out there with them. "We see them as brothers in arms here."  On a visit to the training ground, Defence Secretary Ben Wallace told Sky News: "Training matters. "When you're in a war and you're against the Russians you need to make sure that you can be as best as you can be and that is the process we're doing here. "We're starting to deliver that." It comes as Ukrainian forces battled on Saturday to block Russian military advances into the eastern region of Donbas. Signalling that the Kremlin was in no mood for compromise, President Vladimir Putin said sanctions against Russia for the invasion it launched in February risked causing "catastrophic" energy price rises. His top diplomat, Sergei Lavrov, clashed with his Western counterparts at a G20 meeting in Indonesia, where they urged Russia to allow Ukraine to ship its blockaded grain out to an increasingly hungry world. Russia's envoy to Britain, meanwhile, offered little prospect of a pullback from parts of Ukraine under Russian control. Ambassador Andrei Kelin told Reuters that Russian troops would capture the rest of Donbas in eastern Ukraine and were unlikely to withdraw from land across the southern coast. DON'T MISS:Kremlin bars British ambassador from key parliament chamber [REPORT]Ukraine hails Johnson's‘ example to Free World’ in action against Putin [REPORT]Putin humiliated after Iskander ballistic missiles explode on launch [REPORT] Ukraine would eventually have to strike a peace deal or "continue slipping down this hill" to ruin, he said. On the front lines in the east, Ukrainian officials reported heavy Russian shelling of towns and villages as Russian forces attacked from several directions. "Russians are firing along the entire front line," the governor of the Luhansk region, Serhiy Gaidai, said on the Telegram message system. "The enemy is trying to advance from the settlements of the Luhansk region to the first villages of Donetsk region." 