Figures from the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities show that in January 2022, 515 caravans were on land not owned by Travellers, and another 2,377 were on sites that they did own but did not have planning permission for. That is 32 more than were counted on all unauthorised sites during the same period in 2020, marking a notable uptick in these communities lacking safe parking spaces. That is 32 more than were counted on all unauthorised sites during the same period in 2020, marking a notable uptick in these communities lacking safe parking spaces. In total, including on authorised sites, there were 24,371 caravans reported on the count date of January 2022 – 658 (three percent) more than there were counted in January 2020. That increase has largely been driven by a rise in the number of private caravans with permanent planning permission, which resulted in an increase in authorised caravans despite a drop in the number of socially rented ones. Some 14,786 caravans were counted on authorised privately-run sites, a six percent increase from 13,983 in January 2020. That more than offset the three percent fall in caravans on socially rented sites, from 6,870 in January 2020, to 6,693 at the latest count. Overall in January around just one in eight caravans (12 percent) were on unauthorised land and 88 percent were on authorised sites. Gypsies and Travellers encompass a range of different groups with varied cultures and beliefs. These include Romany Gypsies, Welsh Gypsies, Scottish Gypsy Travellers and Irish Travellers. Gypsies and Travellers encompass a range of different groups with varied cultures and beliefs. These include Romany Gypsies, Welsh Gypsies, Scottish Gypsy Travellers and Irish Travellers. The charity Traveller Movement said: “Gypsy Roma and Traveller people belong to minority ethnic groups that have contributed to British society for centuries. Their distinctive way of life and traditions manifest themselves in nomadism, the centrality of their extended family, unique languages and entrepreneurial economy.” In the UK there are around 300,000 Travellers, making up one of the most disadvantaged groups in British society. The charity Friends, Families and Travellers (FFT) launched the ‘Oak Project’, a partnership aimed at increasing site provision across England with the needs of the Gypsy and Traveller communities. The FFT states that factors that include an unfavourable planning system and a lack of adequate site provision mean that there are 10,000 people that live on land without permission. Speaking about the partnership, Michelle Gavin, FFT’s business development manager, said: “The Oak Project presents an excellent opportunity to bring key stakeholders to the table, and bridge the gap between Gypsy, Roma, Traveller civil society and housing providers.” He continued: “Thanks to the Oak Foundation, this three-year partnership will help improve the supply and access to affordable homes for Gypsy and Travellers families.” READ MORE: Angry father allegedly crushes and kills teenage daughter with car A recent parliamentary report found that some of the inequalities that these communities face are low levels of secure employment and lower educational outcomes for children. The report also revealed startling poor health statistics, with Traveller life expectancy at 10-12 years less than the general population. Sites where some Traveller communities make their homes in the UK have faced regular opposition from local communities. This negative reaction has also been conflated by a lot of unfavourable media coverage. And these closed communities have also been unfairly represented by the Tory Government who in 2019, ahead of the general election, was accused of fueling hatred towards Gypsies, Roma and Traveller communities. Such actions by the Government included the MP Michael Gove cracking down on Traveller incursions as a key election priority. Tory candidates also promoted films that targeted the Traveller community negatively, as well as Tory candidates using opposition to Gypsy and Traveller camps as the main focus of their campaigns. DON'T MISS:Police officer faces hearing for 'leg-sweeping' handcuffed woman [INSIGHT]M4 chaos as fuel protests close motorway in both directions [ANALYSIS]OAP 'beaten and stabbed' in his own home left with horrific injuries [REPORT] Due to the Government's actions, Joe Jones, chair of the Gypsy Council said: “They are using us the same as they do the immigrants and everyone else: as cannon fodder for political favour.” In June Manchester Council closed down the city's only official Gypsy and Traveller site, dating back to the 1980s, before an alternative could be secured. The reasons for closing the site down were given as poor conditions and the risk of flooding. However, the land is also located within the new Red Bank neighbourhood where a £4billion development that consists of 5,500 homes and a new park are planned. The camp had been earmarked for closure since 2015, but the council has still not found a suitable site for these communities to move to. The Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 mentions new police powers that allow them to crack down on unauthorised encampments. Any trespassers who set up camp on other people’s land or in communities that are deemed illegal could face up to three months in prison. Police are now able to ban trespassers from returning to a patch of land for a year, rather than just three months. Home Secretary Priti Patel said: “No one should have unchecked rights to trespass on other people’s land, or cause misery in communities without consequence. The position in law is now very clear – trespassers must move their vehicles when asked to do so, or face jail time and a hefty fine.” She continued: “Delivering on our manifesto commitments, this government will always stand on the side of the law-abiding majority and on the side of the police.”