Music lovers from across the world flooded Hyde Park on Sunday afternoon, eagerly anticipating the appearance of rock legends Mick Jagger, Keith Richards and Ronnie Wood. However, one integral part of the band was evidently missing and after a touching tribute, the next song was almost drowned out by chants of “Charlie” across the crowd of tens of thousands. Throw a stone into Hyde Park on Sunday, June 3, and you would very likely have hit someone wearing a Rolling Stones tour shirt, although which decade it was from would greatly vary. Fans anxiously awaited the second appearance of the band at American Express’ British Summer Time festival this year. Young and old flocked to the stage, but it wasn’t just the chance to sing nostalgic favourites with Mick Jagger that attracted the crowd. This year marks the 60th anniversary of the Rolling Stones' formation in 1962, but it wasn’t the joyous celebration many would have expected. Last August, Charlie Watts who had been manning the post of drummer for the Stones since 1963, passed away unexpectedly. READ MORE: Elvis Presley 'gave Priscilla Presley pills' after moving her to a new country Watts had been diagnosed with throat cancer in the early 2000’s, and jokingly noted that whenever the band seemed to take a break he would suddenly become ill, indicating it was a sign he should just keep going. It was announced that he would not be joining the band on their No Filter tour as he needed to recover from a medical procedure. A few weeks later reports of his death began to surface, noting that he died in a London hospital surrounded by his family. The death of Watts, who was 80 at the time, reportedly shook frontman Mick Jagger, who reportedly began considering his own mortality and lifestyle in light of the tragedy. Although, if last night’s performance is anything to go by, the rockstar still has many years’ worth of energy left to live out.  The Stones were precursored by Geordie singer-songwriter Sam Fender, who noted what an incredible feat it was to be supporting Rock & Roll Hall of Fame legends. Before taking to the stage, a touching video tribute played out across the massive stage screens, depicting Watts throughout his decades as a rolling stone. The rest of the band quickly filtered onto stage, jumping straight into Get Off Of My Cloud as they walked out. Later in the set, Jagger added: “You know, we played with Charlie for 60 years. We really really miss him so we dedicate this show to Charlie!” The tribute was met with thunderous applause, as “Charlie” was chanted across thousands in the crowd, almost drowning out the first notes of the next song. With 60 years’ worth of chart-topping music to choose from, the Stones’ setlist was the perfect combination of nostalgic hits, emotional ballads and fan favourites. Jagger, 78, Wood, 75, and Richards, 78, could easily have been mistaken for a trio of rambunctious teenagers with the way they ran around the stage. They appeared as excited to be on stage as the crowd was to see them, with an infectious air of energy running off the stage and straight into the audience. Even when he wasn’t running around stage as if seeking every edge he could find, frontman Jagger entertained the audience with delightfully upbeat banter. Jagger jokingly noted midway through the performance: “Welcome to the American Express British Summer Time super-spreader Covid event.” Another break in the setlist saw the rockstar admitting he had been in the crowd the previous night to see Adele, and that he believed he has worn “sparklier dresses” than her. Jagger also appeared to want to prove this, with plenty of costume changes ensuring he was dazzling every time he appeared on the screens behind him. Vocalist Sasha Allen, who was supporting the band, somehow managed to match the incredible energy of Jagger as the duo went down the catwalk for Gimme Shelter, wowing the crowd with her ability to stand her ground mere centimetres away from rock royalty. British Summer Time festival continues this weekend with performances from Pixies, Pearl Jam and Duran Duran.