And if those in the running to be Conservative Party leader - and therefore of course the prime minister - failed to muster the necessary level of support they were evicted from the race. The ones who survived were then allowed to continue to slug it out among themselves in this particularly uncivil, civil war. Think of it as the Conservative version of "Little Love Lost Island." There can be little doubt that the Tories appear to enjoy fighting among themselves as much as they do against Labour. But here is a word of warning to the warring parties. As you continue to try to tear each other apart, a growing number of the electorate are tiring of the whole process - and even starting to hold you all in contempt. And the reason is startlingly obvious. Remember soaring energy prices, inflation, rail strikes, an overburdened NHS, increases in the cost of living, ludicrously high petrol and diesel costs, Brexit, a possible Covid resurgence, failing airports and something called the war in Ukraine? Not to mention the future of the entire UK under renewed threat as the SNP pushes for independence again. Because if you lot do not, be assured we, the voters, do - and possible solutions to some of the above might be helpful.   The candidates have appeared to dwell on their "back stories," including where they went to school, their hopes for a rosy future for UK plc, potential tax cuts and who would be the one "Labour fears the most." The last time Boris Johnson featured on this page was when I urged him to regain his sense of humour and rediscover his old, confident, robust persona. Less than a week later it was all too late, after he had become the victim of what some see as the most questionable political decision since opting to throw open the doors to the Trojan Horse. It is of course absolutely right that the Conservatives are permitted the necessary time to search among their ranks for the best man or woman to take over the top job, but they must also realise they are a party that has been in power 12 years. Each time the latest voting is revealed in the Conservatives' 1922 committee room, eyes are rolled and tuts are tutted up and down the land in unison as a nation demands: "Just get it sorted."  And as if that is not enough of the Tory navel-gazing, we are also treated on a daily basis to stories and speculation about how the Conservative Right is ganging up against each other or how the centre of the party is supposedly doing dodgy deals to try to handpick the opponent their candidate must face. How can it take two months to find a new leader? The Tories should count themselves fortunate the official Opposition is led by someone who struggles to answer whether a woman has a penis and has a strategy of opposing just about everything, but proposing few alternatives. However, that good fortune can only last so long for the Conservatives. Courtesy of their internal strife, in the past the country voted for David Cameron and ended up with Theresa May. It then voted for Mrs May and got Boris Johnson. Having voted - overwhelmingly - for Boris, we now await another imposed PM. The patience of a nation can only be stretched so far...  Remember these? They are called "ambulances." And as they have apparently become as a rare as a truthful politician, it seems a good idea to remind you what they look like. Last week it was reported that every single NHS trust in England is at the highest level of alert due to "extreme pressures" and is desperately short of ambulances available to respond to calls. The situation is unlikely to be much better across the whole of the UK, I would imagine. This is in no way knocking the fantastic ambulance and paramedic teams and crews. I have met them at first hand and they are unfailingly calm, polite and positive - even in the face of considerable adversity. However, how have we got to a position where hospitals are, reportedly, asking some patients if they could get a taxi to the local A&E department? Whoever triumphs among the tussling Tories, might it be possible that they take a good long look at the provision of this life-saving service?  Another town is added to the sorry list of places where underage girls and young women have fallen victim to grooming gangs - comprised mostly of Asians, predominantly of Pakistani and Bangladeshi origin. Telford joins others towns and cities such as Rochdale, Rotherham and Oxford where victims have been gang-raped, trafficked and even killed. In this Shropshire town, West Mercia police completely failed in their duties citing, on some occasions, they did not want to proceed with investigations as it could cause racial tension, or even a race riot. There you have it. Crimes of the gravest nature totally ignored courtesy of the questionable discipline of political correctness. Can anyone explain what can possibly be "correct" about that?  This is beyond irony! The Tour de France was brought to a standstill last week as competitors were blocked by a line of climate change protesters blocking their path. Surely this is one means of transport these eternally grumbling crusties can endorse? Mind you, they were lucky they were not dealt with in the same way some other French demonstrators were a few weeks back, when they tried to block a motorway. Before the police could get there, furious motorists dragged and bundled them to the side of the road within seconds. Vive la difference! What a wonderful sense of humour displayed by the Duchess of Cornwall in the latest edition of Country Life. Asked to guest edit the magazine, Camilla decided on a wry twist to the regular "girls in pearls" item which usually shows young women from the shires complete with exquisite jewellery. In her edition, the girls in question are her two rescue terriers, Bluebell and Beth. Hardly a dog's life, but a deliciously comic take on the long-running feature.   Schools could close, staff be sent home from offices and shops and transport suspended due to the heat this week. The Government even convened a meeting of the Cobra emergency committee, usually deployed for events such as terror attacks or a SARS outbreak. Do we really need the Government to tell us to drink plenty of water, wear suncream and avoid going out at midday? This is the aftermath of those months of Covid conferences where they told us how to live so many aspects of our lives. Beware... we are in danger of sleepwalking into a "hot weather lockdown!" But the hot weather does call for a crisp wine with a delightfully light and fruity taste. Step forward the Santa Tresa Grillo Viognier organic at Ocado, £11.   