The exclusive poll by Techne UK for Express.co.uk has put Mr Sunak, the former Chancellor, nine points ahead of his nearest rivals Foreign Secretary Liz Truss and trade minister Penny Mordaunt among the general public with 20 percent to their 11 percent. The findings come despite a vicious briefing campaign against the former Chancellor by his rivals in the leadership contest which kicked off last Friday and deep divisions among Brexiteers over who to back. The result of the poll came out just an hour after the powerful European Research Group (ERG) of Tory Brexiteer MPs decided to split their votes between Attorney General Suellla Braverman and Foreign Secretary Liz Truss. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Mr Sunak: “I am the only candidate who can beat Labour at the next election. As Prime Minister, I will bring our party together, restore trust in our political system and rebuild our economy. “My track record is clear. I backed and believed in Brexit, and have worked hard to unleash the growth our new found freedom has given us. I also successfully handled the country’s finances through one of the toughest economic challenges for generations, saving over 11 million jobs during the pandemic and keeping unemployment at record lows. My plan will tackle inflation, grow our economy and cut taxes. I look forward to further making my case for the leadership over the coming days and weeks.” It also broke as Ms Mordaunt was launching her campaign to be leader with her vying alongside Ms Truss to be the one to take on Mr Sunak in the final run off. But Mr Sunak came top with all voters and people who voted Conservative in 2019 and 2022. According to the poll of 1,624 people taken on July 12 he came top of the general vote with 20 percent, ahead of Ms Mordaunt and Ms Truss both on 11 percent. Among 2022 Tory voters he got 26 percent to Ms Truss's 17 percent and Ms Mordaunt's 11 percent. And from 2019 Conservative voters he had 44 percent compared to Ms Truss's 9 percent and Ms Mordaunt leapfrogging her into second place with 16 percent.  However, in a concerning finding for the Tories, almost half (44 percent) of those polled did not seem to have been won over by any of the options. But there was also a strong expectation that Mr Sunak will be declared the winner on 6 September from 33 percent of all voters, 38 percent of 2022 Conservative voters and 44 percent of 2019 Tory voters. The poll has been welcomed by Mr Sunak's camp after a torrid few days of briefing against him. Opponents have tried to suggest he was not a real Brexiteer when he backed Leave in 2016, have claimed that he is working with the toxic former Downing Street chief of staff Dominic Cummings and there were claims he leant Jeremy Hunt votes last night to qualify for the final eight and split the opposition against him.  But Mr Sunak's supporters said that the poll underlines he is the best to beat Sir Keir Starmer's Labour. Source close to Sunak campaign: "All the polling shows that only Rishi can beat Labour, and deliver a historic fifth general election victory for the Conservative party. People trust him and know he’s competent. Every poll shows only Rishi beats Keir Starmer. Only Rishi wins remain and leave voters. And only Rishi wins the North and the South."  The polling suggests that Conservative MPs' anger over tax rises brought in by Mr Sunak when he was Chancellor, particularly the hike in National Insurance to pay for the NHS backlog caused by the covid lockdown, is not shared as widely among the public or many Tory voters. Mr Sunak could still be feeling the credit for the furlough and bailout schemes he masterminded during lockdown which kept the economy going in unprecedented circumstances. The 2019 Conservative voter support also suggests that he resonates with traditional Tory voters and the new ones in the Red Wall seats. However, a poll yesterday by Redfield and Wilton put Ms Braverman ahead in the Red Wall constituencies with 44 percent backing her policies compared to 24 percent for Mr Sunak. Ms Braverman, one of two candidates for the Tory right, only picks up 2 percent in the poll, the same as the other rightwing contender Kemi Badenoch. DON'T MISS Brexiteers may need a 2016 Remainer to carry their banner [INSIGHT] What do YOU want to see from Tory leadership hopefuls on Brexit? [REACT] Britons' priorities laid bare in new bombshell poll as Tories battle [REVEAL] Mr Sunak has the largest support among MPs and is expected to be in the final two for Tory members to be asked to decide from. Ms Truss and Ms Mordaunt are currently believed to be vying for the second spot but the most pro-EU candidate Foreign Affairs Committee chairman Tom Tugendhat is seen as a viable outsider. In the poll he got 4 percent from the public, one behind the Jeremy Hunt/ Esther McVey ticket of 5 percent. After revelations about allegations around his tax affairs and anger over the way he failed to resign from Mr Johnson's government the current Chancellor Nadhim Zahawi is languishing at the bottom with just 1 percent. However, MPs have pointed out that Tory members may vote differently to the public or even the wider group of Conservative voters. One MP linked to a rival campaign said: "In the end it is MPs who choose the final two and then actual Conservative Party members who pick the winner. "They vote very differently to the wider public and, regarding Mr Sunak, will be deeply unimpressed over his betrayal of Boris Johnson."