Manchester United are working on a sizeable, but restricted, transfer budget this summer. With Erik ten Hag poised to land Frenkie de Jong and Tyrell Malacia, from Barcelona and Feyenoord respectively, that will eat into most of the Dutchman’s budget. Therefore, swap deals could hold the key when it comes to bringing more reinforcements to Old Trafford. Manchester United have finally reached a breakthrough when it comes to De Jong, with the 25-year-old ready to reunite with Ten Hag in the Premier League. And they’ve also gazumped Lyon for Malacia, who is poised to provide competition for Luke Shaw next term. United won’t want to stop there, however. They know they need more fresh faces in order to challenge for major honours, with a right-back, versatile forward, a centre-back and another midfielder all being targeted. So, in order to ensure they get the players they want, swap deals could hold the key. Express Sport will now take a look at four perfect candidates to use in such operations, at a time where money is tight following their failure to qualify for the Champions League. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez Anthony Martial is a curious case. On his day, the France international can be unplayable. He was deadly under Louis van Gaal and, in the 2019/2020 season, struck an impressive 23 goals across all competitions under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. Since then, however, he’s scored just eight times for United - while a loan spell at Sevilla last term proved to be a disaster. Despite that, though, Martial remains a diamond in the rough. With some proper coaching, and confidence building, he can still fulfil his potential. United are open to parting ways with him and using him as bait in potential swap deals could be a solution that works for everybody involved. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen In the summer transfer window of 2020, United wanted a new left-back to provide competition for Luke Shaw. So they then decided to bring in Alex Telles from Porto, with the Brazil international shining as skipper of the Primeira Liga giants. Alas, the Samba star’s time at Old Trafford is yet to work out. Telles, when Shaw is fit, will be behind him in the pecking order - while the imminent arrival of Malacia from Feyenoord has only pushed him closer to the exit door. Telles is, however, admired by a host of European clubs. And if United are interested in somebody from Serie A, La Liga or Ligue 1, including the 29-year-old in a swap deal would be a shrewd move. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team United only tied Eric Bailly down to a new contract 12 months ago, when Solskjaer was manager. But the Ivory Coast international endured a horrendous campaign, making just four Premier League appearances last time out. United are reportedly interested in Villarreal’s Pau Torres, even if Ajax centre-back Lisandro Martinez is a priority target. And if the Red Devils do want Torres, then sending Bailly back to his former side would be a potential masterstroke. Injuries have prevented him from fulfilling his potential but, like with Martial, there’s a good player in there somewhere. Somewhere being the key word, that is. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Aaron Wan-Bissaka is determined to win Ten Hag round after falling behind Diogo Dalot in the pecking order under Ralf Rangnick last term. This is a player who, just three years ago, moved to Old Trafford in a huge £50million deal from Crystal Palace. Wan-Bissaka’s re-sale value should be relatively high, though not as much as they paid for him. At the age of 24, he’s still got time on his side to come good. United do want an upgrade, however. And that’s why Wan-Bissaka could be a tempting proposition for clubs, if the Red Devils identify a suitable replacement this summer.