Kent Fire and Rescue said that three fire engines and a bulk water carrier were at the scene tackling the blaze. National Highways said at 6pm that traffic had been allowed to pass after both carriageways were temporarily shut.  The fire service said in a statement that crews were using foam and hose reel jets to extinguish the inferno. It added that there had been no reported injuries as a result of the incident. The tanker fire had occurred between Junction 4 and 5 of the London orbital motorway. Junction 4 is the turn-off for the A21 towards Orpington in south London, while Junction 5 is the intersection with the M26 and the Sevenoaks bypass. As of 6.20pm, National Highways reported delays had reduced to 10 minutes over usual travel times.  Traffic had previously been allowed to pass travelling anticlockwise at around 5.30pm, while clockwise lanes remained shut. It comes as Britain scorches in a record heatwave, causing travel chaos and fires to break out across rural parts of England. Luton Airport and RAF Brize Norton have both halted all flights as their runways melt. Meanwhile, motorists have been warned of "dangerous" road surfaces, with gritters sent out in Somerset to stop roads getting too sticky.  Temperatures are expected to top 38 degrees today, and could soar past 40 degrees on Tuesday. Meanwhile, the Met Office issued its first red weather warning. In response to the hottest day of the year so far, some schools have had to close, while train services have been cut as the nation's public transport system groans in the heat. Ambulance crews have said that they are facing a higher number of emergency calls as Britons swelter.  According to travel data, many have opted to stay at home. Network Rail said the number of passengers using major stations was down around 20 percent compared with a week ago. Satnav firm TomTom said road congestion at 9am this morning had been lower in most UK cities than at the same time last week. In London, congestion levels fell from 53 percent on July 11 to 42 percent today. Transport for London has advised residents of the capital to only travel if essential. 