The UK is currently seeing a rise in Covid cases triggered by two Omicron subvariants BA.4 and BA.5. The latest Government data shares that there’s been a 26.5 percent rise in Covid cases in the week leading up to 1 July. Here’s the top Covid sign, seen in fully vaccinated patients, that could help reveal the infection. After the Omicron variant appeared last winter, experts and patients helped to redefine the common symptoms linked to the virus. While the classic symptoms of Covid such as cough, fever and loss or change to taste and smell can still occur, they aren’t considered the most prevalent anymore. The Zoe Covid Study app reports that one top symptom seen in fully jabbed patients was sneezing. However, the research portal reports that this sign is only seen in those who had their jab. READ MORE: Dementia: The popular diet shown to induce ‘significant deterioration of cognition’  Zoe shares: “We noticed that people who had been vaccinated and then tested positive for COVID-19 were more likely to report sneezing as a symptom compared with those without a jab.” They reported that this symptom was actually seen in 68 percent of their contributors. The study app asked its users, who were positive for Covid, to log on their symptoms. While this sign appeared in those with their Covid jab, Zoe noted that those with the vaccine were less seriously ill and seemed to get better more quickly. Despite this positive news, it’s important to consider that this data was collected during a different wave. The current cases are fuelled by subvariants Omicron BA.4 and BA.5, with some experts sharing these culprits might be better at evading vaccine immunity. Although the current jab might not be the best match against the new variants, it still represents the most effective means of protection. Furthermore, sneezing could be also pointing to a variety of other health problems. READ MORE: Blood clots: The nation's favourite drink could make your blood sticky – increasing risk See the latest Covid vaccine stats below and visit InYourArea for all the Covid vaccine latest From cold to hay fever, there are plenty of conditions that are characterised by sneezing. With hay fever being prevalent in the summer months, many people might be struggling with this sign especially now. Zoe reports that sneezing is most likely to be a sign of Covid when you’ve had your jabs and been sneezing a lot. Although this sign might point to the virus, there’s still plenty of other symptoms that could help you identify the infection. According to Zoe, other symptoms that can appear in fully jabbed patients are runny nose, headache, sore throat and persistent cough. As Omicron redefined the traditional Covid symptoms, the NHS added more signs to its symptom list, including: While it’s no longer required to self-isolate by the law, the health service still encourages Covid patients to stay at home and avoid contact with others.