It is understood Coleen Rooney has signed up with the streaming giant Netflix for a documentary on her high-profiled court battle with Rebekah Vardy, while the BBC has reportedly commissioned a rival programme from Rebekah's point of view. It comes after a judge ruled that Rebekah had lied during the Wagatha Christie libel trial earlier this week. Rebekah attempted to sue fellow footballers' wife Coleen for defamation, but a High Court judge ruled Rebekah responsible for leaking Coleen's private information to the press. Rebekah, who was left "devastated" by the verdict, is now facing an eye-watering legal bill of £3million. Coleen is said to be in "advanced talks" with Netflix following her win against the 40-year-old. She's set to open up about the lengthy legal battle as part of the documentary series. READ MORE: ‘No!' Naga Munchetty mortified after BBC Breakfast blunder The series is set to be made by Lorton films who also made the documentary Rooney about her husband Wayne on Amazon Prime Video. The Liverpudlian mother-of-four will reportedly share how she felt betrayed when she suspected Rebekah was leaking stories about her personal life. The 36-year-old stunned her Instagram followers when she told them in a post that she had worked out Rebekah was behind leaking fake stories in the press. A source explained: "I’m told: ‘Coleen has a great sense of right and wrong, of what is moral, and this has become a crusade with her'.  "Now that the court case is over, she is going to take the chance to really tell her full story," the source told the Daily Mail. It's been reported Coleen will allow cameras into her Cheshire home for "greater impact". The documentary could also include interviews with her husband about how the libel case took its toll on their family. Judge Justice Steyn described Rebekah's evidence as "manifestly inconsistent" while Coleen's was branded "honest and reliable".   DON'T MISS...£3million bill for Vardy, who insists judge 'got it wrong' [LATEST]BBC Breakfast viewers slam Vardy and Rooney coverage [REACTION]Vardy Rooney was tackiest show in town - we LOVED every minute! [COMMENT] Rebekah said she had suffered very serious harm to her reputation from the allegations and brought the case to court to defend herself. Following the verdict, Coleen issued a statement which read: "Naturally, I am pleased that the judge has found in my favour with her judgment today." However, she said it was not a case she ever sought or wanted to happen. It added: "I never believed it should have gone to court at such expense in times of hardship for so many people when the money could have been far better spent helping others.  "Both before and after my social media posts in October 2019, I made every effort to avoid the need for such a drawn-out and public court case. All my attempts to do so were knocked back by Mrs (Rebekah) Vardy. "This left me with no alternative but to go through with the case to defend myself and to end the repeated leaking of my private information to The Sun. "These leaks from my private Instagram account began in 2017. They continued for almost two years, intruding on my privacy and that of my family." Netflix has been contacted by Express.co.uk for comment. 