Not only is this one of the most competitive rates currently available, but it could also appeal to savers looking for a green option. Every time someone opens a Fixed Term Woodland Saver account, a tree is planted. While the cost of living crisis is making life difficult for everyone, there was a hint of good news for savers this week. Another bank has increased its savings rates and has been rated “excellent” by the experts at Moneyfacts. Commenting on the deal, Eleanor Williams, finance expert at Moneyfacts.co.uk, said: “This week Gatehouse Bank has made various rate increases across its savings range.” READ MORE: Carer’s Allowance: 10 things you may be able to claim as a carer She continued: “One of the accounts to see a significant 0.30 percent uplift is the 18 Month Fixed Term Woodland Saver. “Rising from 2.40 percent to now pay an expected profit rate of 2.70 percent on anniversary, this account offers a very competitive return for those happy to secure their savings away for the fixed term. “It takes a prominent place in our top rate table when compared to other similar bonds currently on offer. “Savers may be tempted by the return alone, while those who are looking for ways to save that support sustainable principles may be further enticed by the fact that Gatehouse Bank plants a tree in UK woodland when an account is opened and funded." DON'T MISSWoman discovered she owed E.ON £1,000 despite paying her monthly bill [WARNING]Britons could wait longer for prescriptions after state pension change [UPDATE]PIP: The key letter that claimants should look out for [ALERT]'Incredibly believable' TV presenter issues scam warning [WARNING] Ms Williams added: “Following the update, this account secures an Excellent Moneyfacts product rating.” It’s certainly one of the better savings rates currently available and could be a viable option for people who don’t need instant access to their cash. Savings rates have improved since the Bank of England increased interest rates in June. The Bank of England Monetary Policy Committee voted to increase the Bank of England base rate from one to 1.25 percent last month. READ MORE: Savings provider offers ‘popular rate’ with 2.50 interest on savings Further rises are expected as the Bank of England predicts inflation could hit 11 percent by the end of 2022. Money Saving Expert founder Martin Lewis advises anyone who is getting less than 1.5 percent interest on their savings to reconsider their investment. Britons can also make up to £170 by switching their current account. They will need to use the Current Account Switching Service to benefit from the cash bonus. Key product details: