Annie, the spoiled two-year-old alpaca, was rejected by her mother and had to be bottle-fed every two-hours by her owner, Dannie Burns. Due to the strict feeding routine, Dannie brought Annie with him everywhere he went. She also lived in his house in Stirling, Scotland, along with his three dogs and two cats. However, Annie caused too much trouble and now sleeps on the porch. Annie is currently expecting her own baby and Dannie is not sure how she will take to motherhood, as she has rejected mixing with the herd of 75 alpacas which roam around in fields. She prefers to socialise with the three Labradoodle dogs and believes she is one. Annie has been barred from the house after chewing through cables, raiding profiteroles at Christmas and causing trouble by opening doors with her mouth. But she loves to relax on car journeys in the back of the Vauxhall Zafira bought to accommodate her - which Dannie says will now be going to the scrapyard rather than being sold on. Annie folds her legs under her on the backseat like a camel and doesn't need a blanket to make her comfy. She loves to stretch her head out the window and recently charmed traffic cops who stopped to take pictures with her. Dad-of-three Dannie said: "Annie was rejected by her mum. She was in our house for six months, getting bottlefed every two hours. "She was eating everything - toy soldiers, ribbons, bits of plastic. She swallows them - she's a nightmare. "She sleeps on the porch now. She was with us the last two Christmases but she is very naughty, she ate profiteroles and pulled lettuce out the bowl. "We are hoping she will go back with the herd once she has her baby. She wants nothing to do with the other alpacas, she hides when she sees them. "She needed bottle feeding every two hours, through the night, like a newborn. "We bought the car because she came everywhere with us. We leave the back door open and she jumps in the back. "It was one of those situations that just happened, I needed to take her everywhere with me. "It was bought particularly for that." Standing around 4ft tall Annie is about the same size as a St Bernard Shepherd dog. She lives on a diet of grains, barley and oats, as well as other foods she scavenges. Annie lives a luxurious life as a family pet and wanders around doing what she wants. Dannie, also a grandfather-of-four, said: "I used to find her in the house looking out of the window at the other alpacas. "She's got a superiority complex over other alpacas. "She roams about with the dogs, and learnt to open door handles with her mouth." He first bought two alpacas on a whim 14 years ago after losing his job, and paid in cash after driving down to Derby with a van to pick them up. Dannie described keeping them as an "addiction" and now has ten staff on hand at The Alpaca Trekking Centre in Stirling to look after cows, sheep, and even a golden eagle. He said Annie is not as much hassle as a puppy for chewing, but that she has a penchant for used chewing gum and chocolate.  Dannie said: "She likes chewing gum, chocolate, apples, bananas. "She chews cables - they've got no front teeth at the top but at the back they're quite sharp. "It's not as bad as having a puppy which chews your shoes."