PIP provides support to Britons who have a physical or mental disability, or both. However, the financial payment is not the only support these individuals can receive, and assistance is also at hand for housing costs. Individuals may be able to apply for a council tax discount or exemption if they are disabled, or living with someone who is. Firstly, is the Disabled Band Reduction Scheme offered by the Government. People could be eligible if they live in a larger property than they would need if they were not disabled. Those who qualify will have their bill reduced to the next lowest council tax band. READ MORE: Retirement and me: Woman, 67, furious at state pension age changes For example, those in council tax band D will pay the rate of a Band C property. In the instance where a person is in Band A - the lowest band - they will get a 17 percent discount on their council tax instead. However, to secure this scheme, individuals will have to provide evidence. They will need to demonstrate they have either an extra bathroom, kitchen or other room needed for the disabled person, or extra space in the property for a wheelchair. DON'T MISSLloyds Bank issues warning on scam which may cause ‘serious harm’ [INSIGHT]Prescription warning as you may face £100 fine for errors [ANALYSIS]The £1,000 bonus for 'future prosperity' - climb the property ladder [EXCLUSIVE] The property will also need to be the main home of at least one disabled individual. The Government website adds: “This can be an adult or a child. “It does not have to be the person responsible for paying the council tax.” To check if one is eligible, people can use the council tax discount service on the Government website. READ MORE: Rishi Sunak’s ‘stealth tax’ slammed as millions pay more All they will need to do is enter their postcode to be redirected to the website of their local authority. Individuals who are severely mentally impaired might also be able to apply for a council tax bill discount. Like the Disabled Band Reduction Scheme, Britons will need to offer proof of their condition. This includes a certificate to say a person is severely mentally impaired from a medical professional, such as a GP. They may also need to prove their eligibility for certain benefits. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Those who qualify as severely mentally impaired will get a 100 discount if one of the following applies: There will be a 50 percent discount on the bill if everyone else in the household is “disregarded” for council tax reasons. PIP claimants may need their award letter before they can apply for extra help. This award letter is sometimes described as a PIP award notice. It is sent out to Britons when the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) makes a decision on the PIP claim. PIP claimants will also get a cost of living payment of £150 in September 2022. Citizens Advice explains that to get this payment, individuals must have either: