Tottenham Hotspur plan to complete their next three summer signings this weekend as Antonio Conte prepares to start pre-season preparations. The Italian is entering his first full campaign, and Spurs have heavily backed him in the first month of the transfer window. Conte has already recruited three players in recent weeks, first welcoming Southampton goalkeeper Fraser Forster and Inter Milan left-wing-back Ivan Perisic on free transfers. Tottenham then sealed a £25million deal for Brighton & Hove Albion midfielder Yves Bissouma. But they aren't done in the window as Daniel Levy and Fabio Paratici line up Conte's fourth, fifth and sixth additions in quick succession. And the new arrivals will be headlined by Everton forward Richarlison, who has completed his medical in Brazil and should officially be a Tottenham player imminently. According to 90min, Middlesbrough right-back Djed Spence could be the next through the door after Tottenham found a breakthrough in negotiations for his signature. Spurs are close to agreeing an initial £15m deal for the 21-year-old, who caught the eye with dazzling displays on loan at Nottingham Forest last season. JUST IN: Liverpool face Firmino dilemma as Brazilian 'wanted' in swap deal The report claims that Barcelona centre-back Clement Lenglet is also edging towards a switch to north London on a season-long loan. A move for the France international is the least advanced of the three, but there is hope he will also become a Tottenham player before next week. The first wave of Conte's squad will return to the club on Monday, featuring those who didn't feature in June internationals. Others will get to work days later before Tottenham jet off for their pre-season tour of South Korea, Scotland and Israel. READ MORE: Raheem Sterling advised to snub Chelsea as Man City ace urged to move After guiding Tottenham back into the Champions League with a top-four finish last season, the club have rewarded Conte's success. And he will be confident of further improvements in the 2022-23 campaign, considering he will be able to field somewhat of his own team. Perisic, Bissouma, Spence, Lenglet, and Richarlison will all likely slot into his starting line-up alongside household names like Hugo Lloris, Cristian Romero, Son Heung-min and Harry Kane. However, given Son and Kane's undroppable status, it will be intriguing to see how Conte fits Richarlison into his plans after splashing £60million for his services. Potential Tottenham 22-23 XI: Lloris; Romero, Dier, Lenglet; Spence, Bentancur, Bissouma, Perisic; Son, Richarlison, Kane. Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here