Harriet (played by Katherine Dow Blyton) was the focus of Monday's instalment of Emmerdale, which saw the fallout of her reporting Dawn (Olivia Bromley) to social services continue. The mother-of-one was heartbroken that her best friend's daughter, Clemmie (Mabel Addison), had been taken off her at the end of last week's episodes and she was fighting valiantly to try and get her back. Realising the possibility of this happening was becoming virtually impossible, she ripped into the former vicar but Harriet could have bigger problems on her hand in the coming months on the ITV soap. The policewoman has always acted as a surrogate mother to Dawn from a very young age, having been Will Taylor's (Dean Andrews) girlfriend Michelle during an undercover operation. When she got Will sent to prison, Dawn blamed the woman she knew as Michelle and it wouldn't be until she turned up in the village that she realised it was a fake identity. This caused some tension between the young woman and her surrogate mother but over the past few years, they had managed to put their relationship back on track. With all this going on, it would have seemed there would have been no time for the former vicar to have had a secret child. However, it could be Harriet gave birth to a baby before she ever met Will and Dawn and they could be on their way to the village. READ MORE: Billy Connolly panicked good friend Judi Dench ‘fancied me’ A hint was dropped during an argument between Harriet and Dawn, in which the policewoman told her surrogate daughter: "You can't just pluck a child out of their home and not tell anyone." "She had no home without Beth," Dawn replied, with the former vicar adding: "And your instinct to remove her was right but child protection services exist for a reason, Dawn." "How many times are we going to call them? But you couldn't resist telling them a child had gone missing in our care," the mother-of-one remarked. "You're just twisting everything," Harriet declared. Dawn bit back as she said: "Am I? You must have thought how this would make us look," but Harriet was not seeing her surrogate daughter's point of view. The policewoman explained to Dawn: "Say Billy [Fletcher] hadn't found Clemmie when he did, say she'd still been missing." "But she wasn't, she was just upset," the distressed character replied. "Still, think about it. How would the authorities have viewed that? She wasn't officially supposed to be here," the former vicar added. Dawn said: "Here she goes banging on about the rules again. You weren't worried about the rules when you were burying Malone, were you?" Harriet tried to explain she was protecting Dawn, but her surrogate daughter told her it was more like she was protecting her killer secret. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Gemma Oaten forced to claim benefits [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Charley Webb begs 'send help' before updating fans on kids [COMMENT]Natalie J Robb weight loss: How TV star lost weight without exercise [COMMENT] "You know, you bang on about caring for me and protecting me but it's all garbage. You don't understand any of this because you have never been a mother," Dawn said as the hint was dropped about a secret child. What further added to this theory was how upset Harriet looked when Dawn said those words, almost as if she couldn't tell her the truth. Trying to keep it together, Harriet said: "Dawn, I love you like you're my daughter, you know I do." "Well spare me because I will never forgive you for what you have done to me or Clemmie. You and me, we're done," Dawn added before storming out of the house. The former vicar was left in floods of tears as she finally broke down but as she tries to repair her relationship with Dawn, her child could turn up unannounced. It might not be in the next few weeks but rather months down the line as the unknown character decides to search for their birth mother. Before becoming a policewoman, Harriet could have fallen pregnant just as her relationship was coming to its end. Feeling as if she couldn't cope as a single mother, the beloved character could have given up her baby for adoption as soon as it was born. This way, she would have thought her child would have had a better life and would have been given everything it needed. Feeling an obligation to protect people after giving up her baby, this is why Harriet could have joined the police force. The former vicar would have never thought the child would have come looking for her, especially as it had been 30 odd years since she gave birth. It could be tense as she meets her long-lost child for the first time as the stranger would have a lot of questions they would want answering. Will the policewoman be able to give them what they want and how will Dawn react to the discovery Harriet does have a child? There is the chance if they stick around, they could bring their family to the village so Harriet's family could be extended once more. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.