William was in the crowd to watch the historic moment unfold this evening, before congratulating the England team as players went to collect the winner's trophy. Following the incredible victory, the Duke of Cambridge hailed the achievement as "sensational" and said it was an "incredible win" for the Lionesses.  He added the "whole nation couldn’t be prouder of you all" and said it was "wonderful to see history in the making". The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge Twitter account (@KensingtonRoyal) posted: "Sensational. "An incredible win @lionesses and the whole nation couldn’t be prouder of you all. "Wonderful to see history in the making tonight at Wembley, congratulations! W." Following England's 2-1 win after extra time, the "Lioness" Twitter account (@Lionesses) wrote: "WE HAVE DONE IT."  The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge account replied: "Yes you have and you’ve inspired a nation too." The Queen also has sent a message of congratulations to England's Lionesses after tonight's fantastic achievement, calling the team an "inspiration" for the "future generations". Her Majesty called the win a "significant achievement" and said the team's performance has "rightly won praise".  The monarch's message read: "My warmest congratulations, and those of my family, go to you all on winning the European Women's Football Championships. READ MORE: William cheering on Lionesses but fans upset: 'Where's Charlotte?'  "It is a significant achievement for the entire team, including your support staff. "The Championships and your performance in them have rightly won praise. "However, your success goes far beyond the trophy you have so deservedly earned."  Earlier, the England team were bolstered by support from William and his daughter Princess Charlotte ahead of the Euro 2022 final against Germany.  The Lionesses received a "best of luck" from the Duke of Cambridge while seven-year-old Charlotte said: "I hope you win." In an endearing 10-second video message with his daughter, William said: "We both want to wish the Lionesses the best of luck for tonight. "You've done amazingly well in the competition and we are rooting for you all the way."  Charlotte, sitting beside him, added: "Good luck, I hope you win. Bye". 