Harry will be joined by Meghan Markle during a public appearance on Monday in New York as the Duke of Sussex delivers a speech before the UN General Assembly to mark Nelson Mandela Day. It will be the couple's first official appearance since their visit to the UK for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex met Mr Mandela's widow Graca Machel during a visit to Johannesburg in South Africa in October 2019. Ms Machel said at the time she could feel the vibe and was sure she and the Sussexes would work together in the future. However, news of Harry's speech has been criticised by leading royal commentator Angela Levin, who penned a biography of the prince. Ms Levin claimed in a tweet published online today (July 12): "Harry giving speech about Nelson Mandela at UK on Monday. Would he have got it without being a member of the royal family that he couldn't wait to leave?"  Harry and Meghan moved to California in 2020 as they stepped back from their roles as senior royals. GB News presenter Eamonn Holmes has also criticised the announcement. He opened a segment of his show: "How has Prince Harry been invited to the United Nations?" In response to being told Harry was a "name" and a former member of the Royal Family, he replied: "What’s he got to say that will change the world, or influence the world?"  READ MORE ABOUT GRITTERS USED TO STOP ROADS MELTING Vanity Fair royal editor Katie Nicholl argued back: "Joking aside, I think if climate change is on the agenda, then Harry is probably going to be pretty impressive on that front." In response to Ms Levin's tweet, fellow Twitter user Ezekiel les commented: "[His] mother worked tirelessly here in Africa... so yes he deserves the platform." Princess Diana met the late Mr Mandela in March 1997 on a visit to Cape Town, five months before her death. Diana made a number of visits to Africa, including to Angola where she walked across a landmine in a bid to raise awareness of their dangers.  DON'T MISS: Woman slammed after calling 999 to ask police to remove spider [REVEALED] Two police cars involved in horror smash [LATEST] Chaos as train tracks burst into FLAMES after 'extreme' hot weather [REPORT] Twitter user TMC replied with a photo of Meghan speaking at a UN event and chimed in: "Yes, he’s more than capable with or without the royals as Meghan, Duchess of Sussex, has done before she even met Prince Harry." Meghan was named a UN Women advocate for Political Participation and Leadership in 2015 before she married Harry in May 2018. Meanwhile, Harry, in his role as chief impact officer of coaching platform BetterUp, has carried out a series of interviews with Olympic gold medal-winning snowboarder Chloe Kim, psychologist Adam Grant and BetterUp member Blu Mendoza. The Duke said: "We all have greatness within us. Mental fitness helps us unlock it.  "It's an ongoing practice. One where you approach your mind as something to flex not fix. "I want to introduce you to a few people whose stories can inspire us in our own growth through mental fitness." Harry has been open about his own mental health challenges in the past. He said in a video posted on BetterUp's website on Tuesday: "Throughout the years of travelling around the world, what I saw was the similarities of experiences of trauma, of loss, of grief, of being human.  "That building up of resilience is absolutely critical." Harry dubbed Kim the "Queen of Snowboarding" and asked her: "Is there a day-to-day thing that you do for your mental fitness? What is your secret?" Kim replied she used little reminders, such as telling herself she was doing her best. The Duke asked Grant: "What goes into your own proactive practices?"  Grant replied he did non-negotiable exercise six days a week, with Harry remarking: "Six days a week you work out?" He joked: "I can tell." A chuckling Harry told Mendoza they might have the same mental health coach when she spoke of the need to "thrive" through the day, rather than "survive". It echoed remarks made by the Duchess of Sussex during the couple's Africa tour shortly before the Megxit crisis. Meghan said in 2019: "It's not enough to just survive something, that's not the point of life. You have got to thrive." 