This comes amid the bitter leadership race between Liz Truss and Rishi Sunak, who are currently battling to be elected as the next UK Prime Minister. Opinium Pollster Chris Curtis said the current division in the party may not be excessively damaging for the Tories, but a "much bigger problem" is currently facing the party He said the candidates appear to be focussing on priorities which are "out of whack with the priorities of voters". Mr Curtis noted the candidates had not spoken much "about the NHS and the cost of living crisis". When asked by Express.co.uk whether the current division in the Tory party would harm them at the next general election, Mr Curtis said: "I don't think division now is so much of a problem, as long as they can look united come election day. "We've got a good recent case study: Boris Johnson absolutely ripped his part in two in the 2019 general election, but come election day he built a party that looked united behind his vision of getting Brexit done. "So it didn't matter that the party was divided a few months previously, so as long as they can unite afterwards I don't think the division is a problem." But he added: "The much bigger problem with this leadership race, which is completely different to what we were seeing in 2019 is the party can't look like its priorities are out of whack with the priorities of voters. "In 2019, the entire race was dominated by Brexit, which is fine because its what voters care about is getting Brexit done. "So it didn't hurt the Conservative Party. "This time around, they are not talking about the NHS and the cost of living crisis which are the two biggest problems which voters are facing right now. "They're talking about a whole bunch of other issues, which voters don't give a damn about." READ MORE: Next Prime Minister: Truss and Sunak handed lifeline - new poll The candidates recently came under fire after a cabinet minister for veteran affairs Johnny Mercer described the race as "puerile", saying it would lead to the Tories being out of power in two years' time. This followed a row over Liz Truss' earrings, which ensued after Culture Secretary Nadine Dorries tweeted: "@trussliz will be travelling the country wearing her earrings which cost circa £4.50 from Claire Accessories. "Meanwhile… Rishi visits Teesside in Prada shoes worth £450 and sported £3,500 bespoke suit as he prepared for crunch leadership vote." "They're talking about a whole bunch of other issues, which voters don't give a damn about." DON'T MISS: Who won Tory leadership debate – Rishi Sunak or Liz Truss? VOTE HERE [INSIGHT] Truss running scared of Andrew Neil as PM hopeful dodges grilling [REVEAL] Rishi Sunak only has 'matter of days' to beat Liz Truss to Number 10 [ANALYSIS] Britain's new Prime Minister will be announced on September 5, following a vote of the 160,000 Tory party members. According to a recent YouGov Poll, Ms Truss is leading her rival Mr Sunak by 62 percent to 38 percent among Conservative Party members. The same set of polling, conducted on July 20 to 21 from a survey of 730 party members, saw four in 10 say that Mr Sunak cannot be trusted to tell the truth. Just under half (48 percent) believe that he can. Worryingly for both candidates, it showed that just 24 percent of party members most wanted either Mr Sunak or Ms Truss to succeed Boris Johnson