In an appearance on Lorraine, Jeff, 52, teased there will be some big storylines in Emmerdale when the soap celebrates its 50-year run in October. The actor, who has played the bad boy mechanic for over two decades, also touched on the emotional storyline currently unfolding between Cain and his terminally ill mum Faith Dingle (played by Sally Dexter).  Last week, Emmerdale fans got to see Cain open up to his sister Chas (Lucy Pargeter) about the pain of his mother leaving him when he was a child. He admitted that when he was asked where she had gone by two other boys, he told them she had died, which he then started to believe himself. Breaking down to Chas, he explained that he had to believe she was really dead as it would explain why she never came back for him. The hour-long episode left viewers in tears as they got to see a completely different side to the resident tough guy who finally reconciled with his estranged mother at the end of the episode.    Ahead of the emotional scenes, Jeff appeared on ITV’s Lorraine where he paid tribute to his on-screen mum and sister. Lorraine told the actor she couldn’t wait to see what else was in store for the remainder of the week. Jeff replied: “It’s great, I mean I’m blessed to work with such actresses, it helps make my job so much easier. “Lucy and Sally are just the best," the actor remarked.   In the soap, fans have seen Sally’s character Faith reject chemotherapy after learning her cancer has spread. Emmerdale bosses revealed that sadly, she won’t survive the illness with Sally confirming this storyline will be her last after joining the cast five years ago. Elsewhere in the interview with Lorraine, Jeff expressed his sadness about having to say goodbye to his on-screen mum. He said: "I'm so upset about losing Sally Dexter, though. There are a few actors who come onto the set and you just can't take your eyes off them and what they do  Jeff added: “We were doing something just last night and I was just mesmerised watching her. “She's so good and she's just a joy to work with. “She's a great human being and I'm so sad we're losing her." It looks as though Sally mirrors the way Jeff is feeling about her departure from the soap as in an interview with TV Times she called the situation devastating   She said: “Even though I think it's the right thing, it's quite devastating because I'm going to leave behind people I really care about, like Jeff, Lucy and Natalie (who plays Moira Barton). “It's extraordinary to be working with them. I don't just mean their acting abilities but as human beings. “I think [the storyline] is excellent. I haven't read the scripts for her death, but I'm hoping it's as positive as it can be. “This isn't just a story about cancer; it's a wider story about family." Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7.30pm on ITV.   