Andy Murray has backed Cameron Norrie to 'do an Emma' and beat Novak Djokovic on Centre Court. Norrie takes on the defending Wimbledon champion in a daunting task in his first ever Grand Slam semi-final on Friday afternoon. He knows he would face Nick Kyrgios in Sunday's final after Rafael Nadal withdrew injured. The only living British men’s Wimbledon finalist however passed on some tips to Norrie on the practice courts earlier this week and feels that the 26-year-old can stun tennis just like Emma Raducanu did to win the US Open last year. “We’ve seen some stuff in tennis over the last few years that no one expected, like with Emma,” Murray said. “Novak had a very tough match against Jannik Sinner which I don’t think many were expecting. “He came through it but it was tight and Cam is right up there with guys like Sinner right now in terms of ranking and results. It’s an unbelievably difficult obstacle but it’s going to be close. LATEST UPDATES: Wimbledon LIVE: Rafa Nadal OUT of Wimbledon due to injury “It is an unbelievably difficult ask, but the thing that you can guarantee with Cam is he will give himself the best opportunity to win. He will fight for every single point, he’s going to compete extremely hard and he doesn’t make it easy for anyone. “Every time I've been on court with him or around him, he's had a top-class attitude. He gets the most out of every practice session, works extremely hard and he's making the most of his talent and ability. “He's one of the best players in the world and he's been doing it consistently for the last seven or eight months. I don't believe that you get into the top positions in the world without working extremely hard. “You would hope every player would be like that and try to get the most out of themselves like Cam, but that isn't the case with everybody. He will go as far as possible for him and his ability, and that's the best thing that you can do as an athlete — get the most out of yourself, and he's doing that.” Murray’s support will be a huge lift for Norrie, but at Wimbledon, sadly, it is no guarantee of success. Father of the British No 1 David Norrie, was asked if his son’s success here had been rewarded with an invite to join the All England Club. “I don't know the inner workings of the club but he hasn't got membership yet,” he said. “I think Andy proposed him, but I think they work at a different pace, so we’ll see.”