 Prince George turns nine on Friday. To mark the occasion, Kate, Duchess of Cambridge and Prince William released a portrait of their eldest son. The young royal can be seen beaming in the new picture, which was taken by the Duchess.  Bearing a striking resemblance to his father, the third-in-line to the throne looks relaxed and carefree, seemingly enjoying a day at the beach. George has been joining his parents on more and more public engagements in recent months, giving the world insight into the future king’s personality. Most recently, he accompanied Kate and William at the Wimbledon Men’s Singles Final, which saw Serbian Novak Djokovic defend his title in a battle against Australia’s Nick Kyrgios. A few weeks before, the prince became a central focus of the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee when the future of the monarchy was emphasised in an important final appearance. READ MORE: Handsome Prince George grins on beach in charming birthday pictures taken by Kate  Queen Elizabeth II was joined by her three heirs — Prince Charles, William and George — Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, the Duchess of Cambridge, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis on the balcony of Buckingham Palace. But Daniela Elser, a columnist who regularly writes about the Royal Family, has claimed that one of the young prince’s previous public appearances last year pointed to the “grim reality” he faces. George accompanied his parents at the Euro 2020 Final, which saw the three royals take the best seats in the Royal Box. The youngster donned a suit and tie for the occasion, an outfit choice that was questioned by royal watchers.  Writing for the New Zealand Herald, Ms Elser said: “There is a bigger picture here because this incident has exposed a fault line that runs through George's childhood – and his alone. “While he, Charlotte and brother Prince Louis are being raised side-by-side, his life and fate are wholly different to that of his siblings and that grim reality is starting to come into focus.” She continued: “George will one day be king and with that inevitability comes a parental minefield for William and Kate with nothing short of their son's happiness, and the future of the monarchy, at stake.” It has widely been said that Kate and William are trying to give their children as normal an upbringing as possible.  Their upcoming move to Adelaide Cottage on the grounds of Windsor Great Park is understood to be part of an effort to maintain this. The three Cambridge children will no longer attend school in London and will not be restricted by the royal confinements of Kensington Palace. William and Kate prioritise being as present as possible with their family and are often there to do school drop-offs, pickups and nightly dinners together. While the couple is aware of their children’s different royal destinies, they also want to encourage George, Charlotte and Louis to pursue their own interests outside of royal duty.  However, Ms Elser argues that as George gets older the Cambridges’ desire to give their son a ‘normal’ upbringing will become more difficult, claiming that “there is no denying that his life will be anything but normal.” She wrote: “While other little kids love spending hours daydreaming about what they will do when they grow up, George will have absolutely no say about his future: Not about the job he does, where he lives, or what religion he follows. “And that tension, between their deep-seated desire to give him as average an upbringing as possible, and his fate as a future monarch, is only going to become more pronounced and acute in the years to come.” The commentator referred to George’s sixth birthday portraits, which included an image of the prince wearing an England jersey.  She said: “If there was ever a moment that perfectly encapsulates his strange existence it's that he has formerly been allowed to wear a jersey in private but already at such a tender young age is barred from doing so in public.”