The extra £150 support from the Government is available to millions of people who claim certain benefits. These benefits include Constant Attendance Allowance, Disability Living Allowance for adults, Disability Living Allowance for children and Personal Independence Payment (PIP). Other benefits which make people eligible for the payment are Adult Disability Payment, Child Disability Payment, Armed Forces Independence Payment, and War Pension Mobility Supplement.   The key point in being able to claim the financial help is that the claimant must have been receiving their qualifying benefit on May 25, 2022. The payment is expected to be made in September 2022. People do not need to apply for the support as it is expected to be automatically delivered to them. People who claim Attendance Allowance may also qualify for another Cost of Living Support payment too. READ MORE: 'Really took pressure off!' Mum explains how she saved £1,400: 'Can put it towards bills' The £650 cost of living support package is aimed at providing targeted support for those on a low income. Among others, it means people who claim Pension Credit are eligible to claim. However, a person must have been claiming the financial support, even just once, between 26 April 2022 to 25 May 2022. The £650 is to be paid in two lump sums of £326 and £324.  The first instalment will be paid out from July 14 and the second in Autumn. The official date for the second sum has yet to be confirmed. The government has not yet announced the dates in which people need to claim the relevant benefits to receive the second half of the Cost of Living support payment. Britons are now being urged to check what benefits they could be entitled to. The £150 payment is separate to the £650 Cost of Living support payment. Attendance Allowance is a benefit which aims to help people with extra costs if they have a physical or mental disability or illness severe enough that makes it hard for them to look after themselves. READ MORE: Rishi Sunak’s ‘stealth tax’ slammed as millions pay more However, it does not cover mobility needs. To claim the allowance, people will need to have reached state pension age, need care or supervision because of an illness or disability, and have needed care or supervision for at least six months because of their condition. People also do not need to have a “formal diagnosis” to make a claim. The benefit aims to help keep people to stay independent in their own homes for longer. There are two rates of Attendance Allowance and people are paid dependent on how their disability affects them. The lower rate is £61.85 per week and the higher rate is £92.40 per week. The lower rate is usually paid if a person often needs help or supervision throughout the day only, or during the night only. The higher rate is paid when a person often needs help or supervision throughout the day and during the night. There are many conditions that can provide Attendance Allowance support. Britons are encouraged to check out the official eligibility guidance on the GOV.UK website.