Travel chaos at the Port of Dover has been ongoing for months but the peak travel season during the summer holidays has seen up to six-hour queues at border control on Friday. While officials at the port have blamed poor resources at the French border control, French officials have blamed Brexit for the disorder at the port. Doug Bannister the Chief Executive of the Port of Dover said that the issues facing those at the border are “immensely frustrating” and Brits have been “let down” by a lack of resources at the French border. However, the Republican MP for Calais, Pierre-Henri Dumont hit back and said that the issues will continue to occur “because of Brexit”. Speaking to BBC News, the MP said: “This is an aftermath of Brexit. We have to run more checks than before.” As a result of the UK leaving the European Union, French officials are obliged to perform further checks on vehicles bound for France. Earlier on in the day on Friday as mile-long queues backed up at the ferry terminal, the French Police attempted to allay frustrated holidaymakers and said that the delays were due to an “unexpected technical incident”. However, officials in Dover blamed poor staffing levels in France as it remains unclear what the “incident” was. The Tory MP for Dover, Natalie Elphicke said that it is “critical” that French border authorities “turn up for work tomorrow at the Port of Dover”. On Twitter the MP said: “Quelle surprise – French officials weren’t delayed by unforeseeable incident – Eurotunnel. READ MORE: Channel crossing HELL as British tourists get stuck in Dover “It’s critical that French border officials turn up for work tomorrow at the Port of Dover and that the passport controls are working at full capacity.” She added: “Further significant delays are expected over the weekend.” The MP also urged fellow ministers to “keep the pressure up on the French” following her meetings with Kent police over how to keep the flow of traffic moving following gridlocked roads in Dover. DON'T MISS:Voters back Liz Truss to beat Keir Starmer - NEW POLL (POLL)More must be done to stop migrants coming here says CAROLE MALONE (COMMENT)UK set for 'more austerity' with Rishi, Brits predict: 'We need money' (ANALYSIS) Head of roads policy for the AA, Jack Cousens, said: “As the schools closed their doors fully yesterday, Saturday could prove busier still this weekend. “Drivers should continue to expect disruption and delays on major holiday routes to the southwest, eastern coast and ports of Dover and Folkestone.” Mr Cousens added: “While many have decided to go at the start of the summer holidays, between now and the beginning of September when schools return, each Friday and Saturday will be busy on our roads.”