Fire TV is one of the most popular choices when it comes to streaming TV shows, Hollywood blockbusters, documentaries, and children's television series on the biggest screen in your home. Amazon's Fire TV gadgets plug into the HDMI port at the back of the telly, bringing a beautifully-designed menu with access to streaming services like Netflix, Disney+, Paramount+, Apple TV+, YouTube, NOW (formerly NOW TV), BBC iPlayer, ITV Hub, and Prime Video. Chatty voice assistant Alexa is included too, so you can request shows, directors or apps to navigate around the menu ...saving you from the hassle of typing with the directional keypad. Want the best Fire TV deal around at the moment? For its Prime Day sale, Amazon has cut the cost of its flagship Fire TV Cube in half – dropping the UK price by £55. Fire TV Cube combines the best features of the Fire TV Stick and the Echo smart speaker (meaning this is could be classified as one of the best Echo Dot deals around too). Fire TV Cube brings a barrage of streaming services, games and apps to any telly. Like the Echo Dot, Fire TV Cube supports hands-free controls so you can check the latest forecast and headlines, control smart lightbulbs and thermostats with a quick command to voice assistant Alexa. You can also use a voice command to pause and rewind the action on-screen, search for TV shows, directors and open apps without reaching for the remote. Fire TV Cube supports 4K Ultra HD, Dolby Vision, and Dolby Atmos. If your set-up is compatible with these standards, it's well worth picking the Fire TV Cube over the entry-level Fire TV Stick, which doesn't support these high-end standards. Without support from the hardware, you won't be able to see the pixel-packed details in the TV shows, movies or documentaries that you're streaming. Fire TV Cube also supports an ethernet connection, perfect for those who have patchy Wi-Fi performance in the room they want to binge boxsets in. As always, you'll need to be a Prime member to take advantage of the Prime Day deals. This annual membership unlocks access to exclusive deals, next-day delivery on thousands of items (and same-day delivery in some areas of the UK), access to exclusive boxsets and blockbusters from Prime Video, millions of tracks to stream from Prime Music, unlimited photo back-up, access to free PC games, an upgraded Deliveroo account, and much more. The scheme costs £79, but you can take advantage of a Prime free trial to access the latest Prime Day deals, and then cancel at no cost. There are five different models in the Fire TV line-up: Fire TV Stick Lite, Fire TV Stick, Fire TV Stick 4K, Fire TV Stick 4K Max, and Fire TV Cube. There's a long list of differences between these models, but all five also have a lot in common. First up, all Fire TV gadgets offer access to the same selection of streaming services, games and apps. That means you'll be able to watch Netflix, Disney+, BBC iPlayer, ITV Hub, BritBox, Apple TV+, Paramount+, NOW (formerly NOW TV), YouTube, StarzPlay, Prime Video (obviously), and many more. You'll also be able to access a number of games, like Crossy Road and Pac-Man, which are available on the Fire TV OS software. Every Fire TV model in the line-up boasts Alexa support too. The talkative AI helper can be used to search for new apps, streaming services, actors or directors – saving you from the hassle of using the keypad on the remote and the on-screen keyboard to type out a request. Not only that, but Alexa can also be used to answer general knowledge questions, like the year that a movie was released, the height of the Eiffel Tower, or a quick summary of the latest headlines and forecast. You can also control smart home kit – from connected lightbulbs, to thermostats – using the voice assistant too. Fire TV Cube is the only model with hands-free Alexa support, so you won't need to hunt down the back of the sofa to find your remote, while every other Fire TV in the line-up has a dedicated Alexa button on the remote that you'll need to hold down to issue a request to the powerful AI assistant. The biggest differentiator between Fire TV models is the picture quality available when watching your favourite boxsets or Hollywood blockbusters. The affordable Fire TV Stick Lite tops out at 1080p High Definition (regardless of whether you're paying extra for a Netflix subscription that offers 4K Ultra HD streaming ...this is a limitation of the hardware) so you'll need to get the Fire TV Stick 4K, Fire TV Stick 4K Max, or Fire TV Cube to watch in 4K and Dolby Vision. We've rounded up the latest Fire TV prices below. MORE LIKE THIS