According to the latest data, the average price for a litre of petrol stands at 187.19p per litre, while diesel prices have fallen to 195.88p. With these high prices, many motorists are making use of fuel-saving techniques, as one simple button could help drivers improve their fuel economy. The RAC states that the primary function of cruise control is to make driving more comfortable. But by smoothing out acceleration and deceleration you can save fuel too. Even when driving on a straight motorway, maintaining a consistent steady speed can be a challenge. The weather, the road surface and traffic conditions can all alter the speed at which someone drives. READ MORE: Drivers urged to follow a little-known speed bump rule to save on fuel Constantly accelerating and braking will use significantly more fuel than maintaining a set speed. According to the Department for Transport, driving at a steady speed of 50mph instead of 70mph can improve fuel economy by 25 percent. Additionally, setting the cruise control to the speed limit can help drivers avoid speeding fines. The motoring organisation also points out that it is especially helpful nowadays with average-speed cameras becoming more common. DON'T MISSSoaring oil prices leading to cheaper used cars [INSIGHT]Campervan couple turned away from favourite destination [SHOCKING]Drivers told to avoid 'extreme' fuel use by using air con trick [WARNING] However, motorists are warned against using it wherever a constant speed is impractical. This includes on winding roads, in heavy traffic, when going downhill and when approaching a bridge. Motorists should also take extra care when driving on slippery roads. This will become more apparent in the winter when rain, snow and ice will be more frequent. The RAC added: “Avoid cruise control late at night or when you feel tired. “Cruise control can soon become snooze control. “Because you don’t have to keep your foot on the accelerator, it’s easier to nod off – and lose control of your vehicle.” Marc O’Dell, an auto mechanic with 25 years of experience, said drivers could see benefits from using cruise control. By using cruise control and going a few miles under the speed limit, the vehicle will maximise fuel efficiency. He said: “If you’re going a bit slower, and using the cruise control, the engine computer is automatically going to calculate the greatest fuel economy that you can get for those road speeds and tune the engine accordingly. “The less speed and the less throttle you’re using, the better it’s going to be for your savings. “Ballpark, you can probably expect anywhere from one percent to five percent increase [in mileage] by using cruise control, but every little bit helps.” He acknowledges that the savings aren't overwhelmingly large, but over the course of a long road, they can add up.