The anticipation is building over whether Princess Charlotte will be at Wembley for the Women’s Euro 2022 final. The news comes after it was confirmed that the Duke of Cambridge will be at Wembley also. Prince William will be there to see England in the Women’s Euro 2022 final against either Germany or France on Sunday.   Fans took to Twitter to express their hopes that the young royal will make an appearance. One fan, called Gigi Napalan, tweeted: "Keeping my fingers crossed will be seeing Princess Charlotte at Wembley." Another fan, called Adelexertin said, "Wouldn’t it be fun if The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, Prince George and Princess Charlotte watch the final together at Wembley?" Whilst another fan, called Gioia Ghezzi, stated on Twitter: "Why isn’t Princess Charlotte at Wembley too?" READ MORE: Prince Harry and Meghan Markle 'chagrined, annoyed and angry' after royals close ranks  Another fan, called Lilly Ingrid, tweeted: "Great news! "It would be lovely if they bring Princess Charlotte." According to the Daily Mirror, Prince William is understood to have arranged a private viewing of the match for his children. It has been reported he will bring with him Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis. DON'T MISS Kate and William argued over 'divisive' Prince George appearance [REPORT] Prince William issues rare personal message to England's Lionesses [REVEAL] Anne puts Kate and Wills to shame as she attends 9 engagements in days [REPORT]   Prince Charlotte is a budding football fan. The seven-year-old is also reportedly developing her goal-keeping skills. Her fans hope that she will be joining her parents to cheer on the Lionesses as they take on Germany or France. Prince William, who is President of the Football Association, will be joined by his wife Kate Middleton on the day. It has been reported they will both be in the stands at Wembley as England go head-to-head against the opposing side. Prince William shared a message of support following the Lionesses' stunning 4-0 victory over Sweden in last night's semi-final. 