Chloe Kelly sparked incredible scenes at Wembley as her extra-time winner sealed a dramatic victory over Germany and crowned England Euro 2022 champions. A packed crowd witnessed an unforgettable contest in London that finished 2-1, and Express Sport takes you through the Lionesses' four best players on the night... The Manchester United youngster was forced to watch on from the bench as Germany and the Lionesses went toe-to-toe in the first half. Emerging in the 56th minute, it only took five more before she whipped up a frenzy inside Wembley by scoring the opening goal. A perfectly-timed run was fed by Keira Walsh and with Merle Frohms rushing off her line, Toone held her nerve to sensationally lift the ball over the goalkeeper, sealing a jubilant moment that will live long in the memory. Kelly's extra-time finish ensured that it wasn't in vain, rubber-stamping a famous win for the Lionesses. JUST IN: England 2-1 Germany: Lionesses WIN Euro 2022 final as Wembley goes absolutely wild An immovable rock at the back for Sarina Wiegman's team, Williamson's superb defensive display began in the first half when she dealt with a tense goal-line scramble to prevent what looked like a certain Germany opener. The Arsenal defender was virtually impossible to get past and oozed with confidence when carrying the ball out from the back. She was England's best performer in the first half and played a prominent part in a special day at Wembley. The 29-year-old came into her own after the break when Germany raced out of the blocks. Earps wasn't afraid to put her body on the line when needed and didn't shy away from the physical questions asked of her by the visitors' attack. Germany missed a handful of chances with Earps between the sticks and the crown jewel of her performance came in the last half an hour of normal time, getting the slightest touch on a fearsome near-post shot that would have brought the opposition level shortly after Toone's opener. Although she was not as involved as Wiegman would have liked, Walsh still proved herself to be the class of the field in short bursts. She fed Beth Mead with a superb through ball that created a dangerous attack in the early stages and made one of the most telling contributions of all after the break. Kelly will claim the front and back pages tomorrow morning, but Walsh's raking ball over the top for Toone was nothing short of sensational. The Manchester City midfielder was always likely to play her part in the final after a tremendous tournament.