Erik ten Hag might be rewarded for his patience if he holds tight in the Cristiano Ronaldo transfer saga. The five-time Ballon d'Or winner has told Manchester United that he wants to leave this summer. While United are battling to keep hold of Ronaldo, there are a growing number of clubs that are willing to take an interest in the 37-year-old. One of them includes Barcelona in a shock twist this summer despite his Real Madrid past. It comes after the Portugal international told the Red Devils that he would like to leave over the next month. He believes he has a maximum of four years left at the top and he does not want to spend what little time left battling it out for the Europa League. United had a miserable season last year after finishing sixth in the Premier League and it saw Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick both leave the club. Erik ten Hag is the new man in charge but has already been hit with some major problems including the lack of signings and now Ronaldo's transfer request. However, there is a potential path that could see United end up snapping up Robert Lewandowski - who is desperate to leave Bayern Munich this summer. According to AS, Ronaldo's agent Jorge Mendes has held discussions with Barcelona president Joan Laporta over a potential transfer. If an audacious transfer is pulled off that would leave the sporting world shellshocked considering Ronaldo's Real Madrid past and Barca's dire financial situation. If, somehow, the five-time Ballon d'Or winner does make the move to Nou Camp, that would surely rule them out of the race to sign Lewandowski. There is simply no way that any club - let alone one in economic ruin - could bring in both players and find positions in the squad for them as well. United, who are already chasing a striker, might just be able to pull off a deal for the Poland international instead. The 33-year-old has made it clear that he wants to leave Bayern but has insisted it is only Barcelona that he wants. However, his public outbursts might find him in hot water in Bavaria - not least with the fans who will not be happy with feeling second-best. It could mean that Lewandowski might be forced to depart and that could be good news for the Red Devils in their hunt for a top-class striker. There are not many options in the transfer window and Ten Hag knows that time is running out.