Police have uncovered “credible intelligence” to suggest protests could invade Silverstone during the British Grand Prix. Officers warned the protesters plan to “disrupt the event” and have urged individuals to not put themselves at risk.  Chief Inspector Tom Thompson said: “We have received credible intelligence that a group of protestors are planning to disrupt the event and possibly invade the track on race day. First of all, I want to appeal directly to this group of people and strongly urge you to not put yourselves, the drivers, as well as the many marshals, volunteers and members of the public, at risk. “Going onto a live racetrack is extremely dangerous – if you go ahead with this reckless plan you are jeopardising lives." READ MORE: Silverstone fire breaks out as media centre evacuated at British GP The race is expected to be attended by a sell-out crowd with 400,000 tickets sold over the course of the weekend. The massive crowd means there is a focus on security and safety with extra forces being drafted in for the event. Ch Insp Thompson also stressed anyone who was thinking of breaking the law over the weekend "will be caught". He added: "We are very experienced in the policing of this event having done so over a number of years but let me make this clear - this doesn’t make us complacent. The security measures we have put in place are as stringent as ever and anyone thinking of taking advantage of the race weekend to commit a crime will be caught. "Finally, I would just appeal to members of the public to be extra vigilant and to make us aware of anything you see during the race weekend that doesn’t look right. We would rather get a well-meaning report that turns out to be nothing, than not receive one at all. “If you see or suspect anything suspicious, please report it to a member of the police or security.” DON'T MISSF1 statement on Ecclestone claim he'd 'take a bullet for Putin' [COMMENT]Max Verstappen makes bold ‘not a racist’ defence of Nelson Piquet [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton issues six-word statement on Silverstone ban rumours [ANALYSIS] The British Grand Prix has previously been attacked by protestors with Father Cornelius Horan running on the track during the 2003 race. The priest took to the Hangar straight during the opening stages of the race, waving a series of signs in front of the drivers. At one stage, Horan appeared to run in the direction of one of the cars which prompted the FIA to throw a safety car while he was removed from the circuit.