Red Bull Salzburg do not expect to lose highly-coveted 19-year-old striker Benjamin Sesko this summer amid strong interest from across Europe. The Austrian champions have unearthed yet another attacking gem from their illustrious conveyor belt of enthralling talent but club sources have told Express Sport that the player is not for sale. As reported earlier this month in Taylor's Tuesday Transfers, Tottenham scouts have been making checks on the Slovenian international, who is set to become Salzburg's talisman in attack for the forthcoming season following Brenden Aaronson's £22.2million Premier League switch to Leeds United. Manchester United and Newcastle have also been monitoring Sesko's development closely with the teenage sensation considered to be among the continent's finest young forward prospects. Yet despite claims in the Austrian press, United are yet to move for Sesko despite being keen admirers of his talents. He is a player of genuine interest to United's recruitment department but there have been no formal discussions to date. A Salzburg source has since relayed to Express Sport that Sesko is not considered to be a saleable asset this summer, despite their unprecedented ability to overturn mega profits. READ MORE: Ajax reaffirm Antony sale stance after agent flies to England for Man Utd transfer talks Sesko is currently signed to a long-term contract in Austria, where he is expected to continue playing next season barring any dramatic swings of the pendulum. It is, however, true that his representative Elvis Basanovic has been travelling around Europe meeting a host of top clubs to discuss potential future opportunities for his client. Basanovic was recently on Tyneside to hold discussions with Newcastle, although the Magpies are not thought to be considering an imminent offer. The Slovenian agent has been building relationships and keeping a long list of clubs informed on Sesko's situation with a big move expected to materialise in the near future. READ MOREAjax reaffirm Antony sale stance after agent flies to England for Man Utd transfer talksMan Utd have free run at £42m striker who fits swashbuckling Erik ten Hag style like gloveErik ten Hag has already achieved something Ralf Rangnick couldn't at Man Utd AC Milan director Paolo Maldini is one of the figures to have met with Basanovic in the past few weeks and the Italian giants are another club that appreciates Sesko's talent. Sesko was signed by Salzburg from Slovenian outfit Domzale in 2019 before he spent two seasons on loan at the club's feeder side FC Liefering between 2019 and 2021. In his final campaign out on loan, Sesko was the second-highest goalscorer in the Austrian top-flight after netting 21 goals in 29 outings. He has also been capped 13 times at international level by his country, scoring twice after representing Slovenia at U15, U16, U17 and U19 level. Manchester United are expected to sign a striker before the transfer window closes in August as Cristiano Ronaldo continues to explore a potential summer departure. Atletico Madrid are understood to be his preferred destination of choice but the Spanish media claim the La Liga club are distancing themselves from links to the Portuguese superstar. Ronaldo remains excused from training by United boss Erik ten Hag due to 'family reasons'. The 37-year-old has been in Lisbon while his United team-mates were recording three pre-season victories during their pre-season tour of Thailand and Australia.