Beloved comedian Lenny Henry has completely transformed himself over the years, losing a whopping three stone. And it turns out he did it by eating a lot more of one food type. The Comic Relief presenter opened up about his weight loss journey and explained he just made simple changes to his diet and fitness. But he began his weight loss journey quite a while ago. He embarked on a healthier lifestyle back in 2014 when he was diagnosed with diabetes, and was put on a "very strict" diet. The TV star said at the time: "I'm a bit diabetic, so I was put on a very strict diet. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake "I’ve lost between two and a half and three stone. "I was big." According to the Mayo Clinic, strict meal plans can help people suffering with diabetes control their blood sugar (glucose), manage their weight and control other health problems such as heart disease, high blood pressure and high blood fats. They state that when people eat extra calories and fat, the body creates an undesirable rise in blood glucose. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] But by increasing the amount of vegetables he was eating, Lenny soon saw the weight drop off. "What's my secret?" he said. "Well, it’s eating broccoli and not much else. "It has worked! "It's lots of greens, lots of juice and lots of walking." READ MORE: Michael Mosley weight loss: Remove three foods to stay slim His new fitness routine consists of doing more yoga in a bid to trim down. "I’ve also been running a lot," he added. "You’ve got to eat no sugar and drink hardly any alcohol; all the stuff you like. "You can’t Hobnob your way through the day," he explained. In 2018, Lenny revealed he had decided to lose weight for an upcoming TV role. The 63-year-old appeared in the Andrea Levy's novel The Long Song, where he played an enslaved servant in Jamaica. Lenny Henry's Caribbean Britain airs tonight at 9pm on BBC2.