Warwick Davis has revealed he and his children said goodbye to his wife Samantha Davies in case she lost her battle against sepsis. Sam was in intensive care as she fought the potentially deadly illness, with her Harry Potter star husband “breaking down in tears every night”. Sam, 51, was rushed to hospital in 2019 due to feeling drowsy, and doctors were concerned about a scar left on her back from spinal surgery. Warwick, 52, said the scar was “inflamed with fluid, red, and hot to touch”. The A Streptococcus bacteria and a meningitis infection were both identified in her bloodstream. Her family, which also includes children Annabelle, 25 and Harrison, 19, were warned Sam “could die” if she wasn’t treated urgently. READ MORE: Fiona Bruce's 'toughest interview' as Lord Sugar shouted and swore She was rushed into surgery and pumped with strong antibiotics, while her family could do nothing but wait and see if she survived. “Our family gathered by her bedside; although optimistic, we were sort of saying goodbye in case Sam didn’t survive,” said Warwick. “It’s so hard to see someone you love more than anything in the world fighting to stay alive without the strength to even roll over in bed.” He also told The Sun that the infection “ravaged every cell” in Sam’s body, depleting her vital vitamin and mineral supply. Thankfully, because Sam received medical attention so quickly, she pulled through. But her recovery was a long process, with her devoted husband “playing doctor” for the next three months, mixing and administering antibiotics into her heart through a drip. “I broke down every night thinking that this terrible illness that came out of nowhere might take my soulmate away from me,” Warwick admitted. He said that even now, Sam still feels the effects of her life-threatening deadly battle - but it’s not just physical symptoms which remain. DON'T MISS...Novak Djokovic's sad confession about marriage to wife Jelena [ADMISSION]Charley Webb leaves Emmerdale co-stars in tears with moving clip [VIDEO]Paula Abdul hasn't aged a day as she steps out after celebrating 60th [PICTURES] The actor believes both he and Sam, who have been married since 1991, have PTSD from the trauma. If a positive can be taken from the devastating situation, it’s that Warwick says the family “never take life for granted” any more, and they “appreciate and cherish” every moment they do have together. Because of his experience, Warwick is raising awareness for the signs of sepsis. Dr Ron Daniels from The UK Sepsis Trust, who helped Warwick to aid in Sam’s recovery process, tweeted that it was “a privilege to have been able to support this wonderful family”. To this, Warwick replied: “This took place a while ago and Thankfully Sam has now fully recovered. “I hope her story will stay with someone which will in turn save a life. “In these times, when someone’s poorly, it’s automatic to think COVID but please don’t overlook Sepsis. #ThinkSepsis”.