A meal out for the family does not have to set you back an extortionate amount of money, according to an expert. Tom Hatton, co-founder of Bottomless Brunch, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about how diners can avoid wasting money. Tom's first tip for saving money on meals out was to be savvy when it comes to the menu. He exclusively told Express.co.uk: "Customers can opt for meal deals or set menus which are often offered by pubs and restaurants. “Whilst it is important to also address how hungry you really are and try not to order too much, set menus are designed to help knock a few pounds off the bill of those who know they will eat a three-course meal." Perhaps splashing out on special occasions, and opting for set menus for day to day dining out is the way to save those pennies. READ MORE: Trivago CEO shares five 'hidden gem' destinations for cheap travel  His next tip was to take advantage of your company at dinner. Pairs can opt to share a starter and a main dish, so while they would be eating a little less they would cut their bill in half. Additionally, two restaurant goers could just as easily split a dessert after their more savoury courses. Tom's next tip was to exercise caution in everyday life. Saving the pennies in the week can make it less of an extravagance to go out to eat at the weekend. And this doesn't mean eating less - but being more mindful of where you source your food. "When it comes to everyday life, saving money can be as simple as making lunch to take into the office instead of eating out or buying a meal deal from the nearest supermarket." Making a saving of just a few pounds a day is nothing to scoff at and can be put towards treats such as dining out. READ MORE: Take your tomatoes out of the fridge if you want them to stay fresh What's more, for the times you aren't visiting a restaurant for dinner, "it allows you to put that money towards bigger supermarket shops that will last you longer". As a leader in his field, Tom also shared some ways food establishments encourage their customers to spend more money than they anticipated. Being aware of these tricks is another way to save money on dining. Despite bottomless brunches by nature allowing consumers to get the bang for their buck, there are a few reasons why this particular method of dining can actually be expensive. He said: "Pre-booked and ticketed products such as Bottomless Brunches, special occasions, and one off events are a great way to help increase in margins. "This is due to simplified goods costs and the ability to reduce waste as produce can be accurately estimated." Tom continued: "Hosting special occasions for things such as weddings, birthdays, hen and stag parties are a great way to up-sell, as often guests will splash their cash. “Creating drinks and food packages which can be purchased ahead of arrival is a good selling technique, and furthermore you can encourage guests to purchase these secretly to surprise whoever they are celebrating." Tom Hatton is the co-founder of brunch platform Bottomless Brunch.