Lando Norris has revealed Lewis Hamilton is “well-liked” in the paddock as he opens up on receiving advice from the Mercedes star. The McLaren driver said Hamilton was “always willing to help” as he praised the seven-time champion’s commitment to aiding the next generation. Norris revealed the Silver Arrows star advises others and wants to support the other British aces in their F1 journey. Speaking to The Guardian, Norris explained: “He is well-liked. He is a nice person, he seems always to want to help the Brits and the young drivers. “He does give advice with little things, asks what I am planning. He has been through everything so he knows what teams try to get out of you and what you should get out of teams. It’s small things but he is always willing to help.” The great relationship between Norris and Hamilton was seen openly during the British Grand Prix weekend earlier this month. Hamilton approached Norris ahead of the race and stole his Union Jack bucket hat to rapturous applause. The pair were seen laughing and giggling at the incident and embraced in front of the fans moments later. READ MORE: Hamilton replacement ruled out as Mercedes backed to 'pay' for duo Hamilton praised Norris as a “great driver” during last year’s Styrian Grand Prix as the McLaren star stayed ahead of the Mercedes for 15 laps. Norris also praised Hamilton’s commitment to using his F1 platform to campaign for equality. He has helped set up the Hamilton Commission to look at how to bring more diversity into motorsport. The multiple champion also set up the Ignite charity alongside Mercedes which pledges funds to support greater inclusion in the sport. Norris claimed Hamilton’s actions were an “incredible achievement” and made him a role model. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton aims two digs at Max Verstappen with 'sensible' jibe [INSIGHT]Toto Wolff blasted by Nico Rosberg for defending Lewis Hamilton [COMMENT]Hamilton calls out team 'not willing to engage' on diversity charter [ANALYSIS] He added: “His commitment to equality and diversity and actions in attempting to improve both in F1. “He was a role model then? I would say so, he has shown that you can be a seven-time world champion and go and do other things in your life. “It’s an incredible achievement to be in the sport for so long to achieve the amount that he has. You respect that he does all those other things, a lot of people have criticised him for these things but it’s not like he has to only focus on F1.”