 Personal Independence Payments (PIP) is claimed by 2.9 million Britons struggling with mental health, learning difficulties and health conditions. It was introduced in 2013 to replace the Disability Living Allowance.     It could mean an extra £627 a month from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) for people whose ability to work and carry out everyday tasks is affected. PIP is for people who haven’t yet reached state pension age and just over one in three cases (35 percent) receive the highest level of the award. Former Chancellor Rishi Sunak announced a Cost of Living support package to help to those on the lowest incomes which includes PIP claimants and it could be worth up to £2,000. But when will Britons receive this finacial help? READ MORE: Scrap the licence!’ TV licence could be axed under planned BBC reforms Cost of living support package - what could PIP claimants get? £150 Council Tax Rebate - April to September£650 Cost of Living Payment - First instalment of £326 from July and the second in autumn (for PIP claimants if they also receive Universal Credit)£150 Disability Cost of Living Payment from September£400 Energy Bills Support Scheme from October£300 Pensioner Cost of Living Payment - November (claimants will have to be state pension age)£200 from £1.5billion Household Support Fund - until 2023. Britons may have to contact their local council to apply£150 via £144million Discretionary Fund - contact local council. DON'T MISS:TSB increases interest rates to 2.5% [UPDATE]Dave Ramsey explains how pensioner with £30k can get by in retirement [INSIGHT]State pension age change sees Britons lose £142 per week [ALERT]How much are disability payments and what health conditions qualify? [UPDATE]   These payments should be made to eligible people who rely on disability benefits like PIP, Attendance Allowance and Disability Living Allowance depending on their circumstances. PIP is paid at two different rates depending on how much the condition affects the person. The lower weekly rate is £61.85 and the higher rate is £94.40. PIP’s weekly mobility component is £24.45 for the lower rate and £64.50 for the higher rate. READ MORE: Scam warning: Victims losing more than £36,000 on average  These benefits often act as gateway benefits to other support like a reduction in council tax and help towards energy bills. This financial help could be worth thousands of pounds. To check one’s benefit entitlement, people can go to Gov.uk. They can also ask Citizen’s Advice or Scope for help.  