Manchester United are confident of signing Frenkie de Jong, with an announcement potentially coming as soon as this weekend. The Netherlands international is a top target for Erik ten Hag, having previously dazzled under the Dutchman at Ajax. So, with a move to Old Trafford for the 25-year-old expected to go through, it’s now time to have a little bit of fun… Gone are the days where United were the all-conquering outfit under Sir Alex Ferguson. But the Scot is still the standard for this football club, something Ten Hag is acutely aware of as he looks to build a dynasty at Old Trafford. As well as De Jong, United are hopeful of landing his compatriot Tyrell Malacia from Feyenoord - having gazumped Lyon in the race to land the midfielder. And Ajax pair Antony and Lisandro Martinez, as well as Christian Eriksen, are in their sights, too. Express Sport will now take a look at how the Red Devils would line up with the quartet in their squad if Ferguson was still manager, using the Scot’s preferred 4-4-2 formation. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez Back in 2011, Ferguson knew he needed a replacement for Edwin van der Sar following the goalkeeper’s decision to retire. And after initially considering Manuel Neuer, who was playing for Schalke at the time, they decided to swoop for David De Gea. The Spain international’s first year in the Premier League was a rocky one, with the shot-stopper making some errors and losing his place in the team to Anders Lindegaard. But De Gea was better in his second season, shining as United won the title. Given he’s been largely consistent in the years since, Ferguson would likely have him as his No 1 if he still ruled the roost. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen Ferguson always liked his full-backs to be flying, capable of operating at both ends of the pitch. So that’s why he’d likely start both Diogo Dalot and Malacia, given how good they are going forward. Admittedly, both players have work to do defensively to become the perfect all-round full-backs. But they both have the potential to get better, especially with some good coaching at Carrington. Raphael Varane, as a serial winner and one of the world’s best defenders, would get into the team. And Martinez would likely be deployed alongside the France international, with Harry Maguire and Victor Lindelof then filling in when required. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team As mentioned above, Ferguson liked to adopt a 4-4-2 formation throughout the majority of his time at United. Antony would go on the right wing given he’s a specialist in that department. Jadon Sancho, as a winger with all the talent in the world and a superstar in the making, would then go on the left. And, in midfield, Ferguson would potentially risk it all by going with Eriksen and De Jong. That would leave them open in the modern game. But Eriksen could be used similarly to how Paul Scholes was during the twilight years of his career. And De Jong would be the perfect partner in crime for the Denmark international in the middle of the park. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Ferguson usually deployed two forwards together, only really making exceptions when it came to big Champions League ties. And, in this current team, he’d likely try and forge a partnership between Cristiano Ronaldo and Marcus Rashford. Ronaldo was a huge hit during his first spell at the club and, with 24 goals last season, still has plenty to offer. There’s also a sense that, if Rashford can be transformed back into the player he was a year ago, he can kick on as well. So a front two of Ronaldo and Rashford, potentially, would be the way to go.