Freddie Slater (played by Bobby Brazier) is heading back to Walford after more than a decade away from the soap. The EastEnders character, who is the son of Maureen 'Little Mo' Slater, (Kacey Ainsworth), left the soap with his mother in 2006 to start a new life together. However, will he be returning to Albert Square to announce Little Mo's death? BBC soap spoilers have revealed an 18-year-old Freddie will be making his comeback this autumn. EastEnders fans will recall he left Albert Square with Little Mo as her husband Billy Mitchell (Perry Fenwick) couldn't look after Freddie after he discovered he was the child of Mo's rapist Graham Foster (Alex McSweeney). Graham last appeared on the soap in 2005 when Billy visited him in prison after receiving a visiting order. The rapist goaded Billy about Freddie growing up to look like him and said he was looking forward to meeting his son after his release from prison. READ MORE: Better Call Saul fans ‘work out’ reason Gene is missing from season 6 Billy, who struggled to deal with it all, eventually divorced Little Mo who moved in with her family. Little Mo never had the easiest life on EastEnders and she was probably best known for being at the centre of a domestic abuse storyline at the hands of her first husband Trevor Morgan (Alex Ferns). Following her marriage to Billy and a failed romance with Alfie Moon (Shane Richie), the character connected with her son's doctor Oliver Cousins (Tom Ellis). However, it all ended in heartbreak after she literally pushed him too hard and packed her bags to leave Albert Square with Freddie.  Did she and Freddie find the happiness they deserved away from Walford? While soap bosses have announced Freddie's imminent return, there has been no word of Little Mo's comeback. Could Freddie be heading back to Albert Square to tell the rest of her family she has tragically died? Will he end up moving in with his auntie, Kat Slater (Jessie Wallace), as he adjusts to life without his mother? DON'T MISS...EastEnders theory: Lola Pearce pregnant after drunken night with Jay [THEORY]EastEnders theory: Kat Slater furious as unwanted guest crashes party [SPOILER] EastEnders theory: Suki Panesar exits Walford after Eve betrayal [LATEST] Bobby, who is the son of late reality television star Jade Goody, is filming scenes to be broadcast on the soap opera in the autumn. "Stepping into the acting world has always been a vision of mine and doing that with EastEnders as a Slater is a blessing," Bobby said. "I'm very grateful." Executive producer Chris Clenshaw described Bobby's EastEnders character as "chaotic". "Freddie Slater is a chaotic 18-year-old with a sensitive soul," Chris began.   "He's a modern-day lad who's in touch with his spiritual side." Bobby's mother Jade died at 27 years old from cervical cancer in 2009. EastEnders airs Monday to Thursday on BBC One at 7.30pm.  