Manchester United are due to jet off their pre-season tour of Thailand and Australia on Friday. And, ahead of their trip, Erik ten Hag is keen for the club to wrap up three signings. Therefore, it’s possible that moves for the likes of Frenkie de Jong, Tyrell Malacia and Christian Eriksen could all be announced within the next few days. Manchester United are yet to sign anybody this summer. While Liverpool and Manchester City have snapped up the likes of Darwin Nunez and Erling Haaland, and both Arsenal and Tottenham have taken action too, things have been quiet at Old Trafford so far. However, things could be set to change. This week is a decisive one for United, with the Red Devils eager to finally get some fresh faces in the door as they gear up for the start of the Ten Hag era. Therefore, it’s possible that as many as three new recruits may touch down at Old Trafford after weeks of intense speculation. One player who is almost-certain to arrive is Malacia, who had previously been expected to leave Feyenoord for United. The Netherlands international is wanted by Ten Hag to provide competition for Luke Shaw, who has blown hot and cold ever since his arrival back in the summer transfer window of 2014. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez United aren’t convinced by Alex Telles, who has also struggled for consistency since moving from Porto two years ago. And Brandon Williams is expected to be offloaded, either on loan or permanently, despite previously being tipped for a big future by Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. Malacia flew in to England over the weekend to undergo a medical ahead of his move to the Premier League. And Ten Hag will be hoping he can be the answer to a problem that has plagued the club ever since Patrice Evra’s departure in 2014, just before Louis van Gaal’s tenure got started. United are also pushing to have De Jong on the plane, too. Barcelona chief Joan Laporta recently said he wanted to keep the 25-year-old at the Nou Camp, saying: “There are clubs that want him, not just United. We have no intention of selling him, he wants to stay. “Frenkie is considered as one of the best midfielders in the world by all the experts. We are happy to have him. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen “I’m going to do everything I can in my power so that Frenkie stays here, but there’s also a salary issue and that would have to be adjusted.” De Jong, however, isn’t willing to reduce his salary at the current moment in time. And that gives United confidence amid claims they’ve already agreed to pay Barcelona an initial £56.2million for the player. Ten Hag is pushing chiefs to get a deal done so that De Jong can be on the plane for their pre-season tour on Friday. And, despite Laporta’s comments, there’s a confidence within Old Trafford that can happen - even though the Barcelona star is currently on his holidays. One player waiting to see how things unfold is Christian Eriksen. Just a year ago, it seemed as though the Denmark international wouldn’t play football again after suffering a cardiac arrest at the European Championships. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team Eriksen collapsed on the field and required emergency CPR, with Denmark skipper Simon Kjaer helping to save his life. Since then, however, he’s responded by getting back to his best. Eriksen impressed during a spell at Brentford last term, scoring once and clocking up four assists over at the Community Stadium. The 30-year-old has been waiting to see who United land before making a final decision on a move to Old Trafford, having received a ‘verbal offer’ of a £150,000 a week contract. And it’s believed that, if United land Malacia and De Jong, the former Tottenham star will decide to make the move. Meanwhile, regarding United and their recruitment, supremo Richard Arnold recently criticised the way they’ve spent money in recent years. “We spent a billion pounds on players. We have spent more than anyone in Europe,” he said. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “I’m not thrilled where we are. It doesn’t sit easy with me and I worry how we get this sorted for the future. “What’s happened is we have [expletive] burned through cash. You can’t go to our training ground and say ‘show me where the £1billion is' because we haven’t spent money well historically. “I’m not here to defend (chairman) Joel (Glazer). He must speak for himself. “But you have taken the time to come here and make your views known - and I respect that. “We’ve blown through an enormous amount of money. For this summer, the money the manager and the director of football (John Murtough) wants is there. “For the future, for investing in a new stadium and a latest-and-greatest training ground we’ve got to do something. We’ve got to get investors in. I need that to do what I want for the club. I’ve got to have more cash now because no club in the world has the money to build a new stadium. “You either borrow it or invest it. The money has got to come from somewhere. You might not like our current owners - I can’t help that."