For the first time in a decade, Manchester United failed to sign anybody in the month of June. But things could be set to change, with John Murtough eyeing four signings that would transform Erik ten Hag’s side. Express Sport will now take a look at the current state of play and reveal why the four targets they’re prioritising would all be good assets. Let’s start with the obvious. United are hellbent on recruiting Frenkie de Jong from Barcelona, despite suggestions the Netherlands international is reluctant to leave the Nou Camp. The Red Devils have agreed a fee with their Catalan rivals worth an initial £56.2million, and all signs point to a deal being announced within the next few days. Why he’d be amazing: De Jong is a silky operator and a midfield conductor, capable of making a difference at both ends of the pitch. The Red Devils have lacked somebody capable of dictating matches since Michael Carrick’s retirement, with all of their current midfielders better at other areas instead. At the age of 25, De Jong also has the potential to get even better. A reunion with Ten Hag, who he previously played under at Ajax, would be a good way of doing that. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez United are on the verge of snapping up Tyrell Malacia from Feyenoord. The Netherlands international impressed Ten Hag last season, with the 52-year-old identifying his compatriot as a superstar in the making. Malacia had looked set to join Lyon but, now, the Red Devils are primed to bring the 22-year-old to Old Trafford instead. Why he’d be amazing: Malacia is young, good at going forward and has the makings of a proper full-back given the right coaching. He’s not somebody obsessed with social media, as a coach recently said, and that also bodes well. Throw in the fact that Luke Shaw and Alex Telles don’t appear to be good enough, Malacia would represent a good addition to the Red Devils’ squad. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen United are hopeful they’ll win the race for Christian Eriksen this summer. Few expected the Denmark international to ever play football again after he suffered a cardiac arrest at last summer’s European Championships. But Eriksen flourished for Brentford after penning a short-term contract and, though the Bees want to keep him, a move to Old Trafford appears to be edging close after the Red Devils made him a ‘verbal offer’ of a two-year contract. Why he’d be amazing: Eriksen is a silky and smooth operator. While Bruno Fernandes is a chaotic sort of No 10, the former Tottenham star is more technically-gifted and better on the ball. With United looking to use a possession-based style of football under Ten Hag, Eriksen would be perfect for the Dutchman’s system. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team United need a snarling presence at the back as they seek an improved campaign with Ten Hag at the helm. And that’s why they’re targeting Lisandro Martinez, who is called the ‘butcher of Amsterdam’ over in the Netherlands. The Argentina international is also wanted by Arsenal but United, given the Ten Hag factor, appear to be in pole position to snap him up. Why he’d be amazing: United would be signing a versatile player in Martinez, who can also play in midfield and at full-back. They don’t have anybody who snaps at the heels of the opposition - so that would all change. Then there’s the fact it would get one over on Arsenal and quell some of the hype and excitement building at the Emirates. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here