Prince Harry and Meghan Markle released a photo of their daughter, Lilibet Diana, in "sheer anger" over their poor treatment during the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee Celebrations in early June, according to commentator Neil Sean. Instead of attending Jubilee events with other members of the family, Prince Harry and Meghan Markle held a small informal party at Frogmore Cottage to mark their daughter’s first birthday. Citing a source, Neil Sean suggested the picture was released out of “sheer anger” for the bad treatment the Duke and Duchess of Sussex were subjected to during the Jubilee celebrations. He said: "We know that when Harry and Meghan returned to California rather abruptly during the Platinum Jubilee celebrations. "Then, we've got this bombshell dropped on our mats. And it’s strange because Meghan famously said, 'Why should I serve up my children on a platter for the waiting media or for anyone? It’s not what I want to do.' "Then what does she do? Serve it up on a platter for the waiting media, for anyone. "Now, according to a very good source, this was really put out through sheer anger because they felt – and I’m saying the ex-royals that is – and as ever allegedly, that they were so dramatically overlooked that they wanted to obviously make sure that their presence was felt."  Speaking on his YouTube channel, Mr Sean continued: "So, by releasing the picture of Lilibet Diana, the world focus would return back on them – a strange thing to do. "Strange thing to do. But I’m sure you’ll agree. But of course, it did. "You know, a delightful picture of a beautiful daughter and I thought looked really cheeky in fact, whichever way you look at it." READ MORE: Meghan and Harry make donation in name of Archie and Lilibet Lilibet Diana turned one on June 4 during the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations. The ex-royal couple held a small informal party to celebrate their daughter’s milestone birthday whilst senior members of the Royal Family prepared to attend the Platinum Jubilee concert in London. The stunning portrait of the Lilibet Diana was taken by photographer Misan Harriman, who also photographed the couple beneath a magnificent tree ahead of their pregnancy announcement. Mr Harriman shared the photo on Instagram and captioned it: "It was such a privilege to celebrate the 1st birthday of Lilibet with my family and hers! Joy and face painting all around ❤️" In another clash between the Sussexes and the Royal Family, Meghan and Prince Harry are reportedly not invited to Balmoral this summer. Several sources told Page Six that the Sussexes are not on the Balmoral guest list, adding the couple are staying in the United States "ahead of the publication of Harry’s much-anticipated memoir this fall." A Balmoral insider previously told The Sun that staff at the Scottish castle "have been told to expect the full list of royals including Harry, Meghan and their children Archie and Lilibet. They are preparing for the Sussexes." READ NEXT:Royal POLL: Should Lilibet return to UK to avoid being ‘written out’?'Ambitious and ruthless' Tom Bower on how he thinks Meghan is perceiveMeghan Markle 'snubs father on birthday'Prince Harry’s pal shares disappointment as children yet to meetMeghan and Harry mocked as Sussexes 'convinced' they had 'magic' touch