Under the EU General Safety Rule, all new vehicles in the EU from July 6 must include Intelligent Speed Assistance (ISA) technology to alert drivers when they need to slow down when travelling over certain speed limits. The ISA technology uses a combination of GPS data and traffic cameras with road sign recognition to monitor speed but the system can also reduce engine power and slow vehicles down automatically. At present drivers can deactivate the ISA systems but will always be turned on every time the car is started. READ MORE: Brexit ideology' is the 'new killer' on roads after EU rules delayed The EU hopes that the technology will reduce motoring collisions in Europe by 30 percent and road deaths by 20 percent. Brussels wants zero road-related casualties by 2050. Brexiteer and former MEP Ben Habib told Express.co.uk last week: “Leaving aside all the interference and the micromanagement over the way we live, this is a dangerous thing as drivers sometimes need to accelerate to get out of trouble. “They need to be able to get out of the way of a moving car, look in the rearview mirror if someone is approaching too fast so you might need to accelerate quickly to avoid being bumped from the back.” He added: “It's terribly dangerous to put machines in charge of human behaviour.”  The Department for Transport (DfT) told Express.co.uk earlier this month that the new package of safety measures is not yet in effect in the UK. A DfT spokesperson said: “The UK’s departure from the EU provides us with the platform to capitalise on our regulatory freedoms and make decisions that are right for Great Britain and benefit road safety. “We’re currently assessing the vehicle safety technologies included in the EU's General Safety Regulation and a decision will be taken in due course as to whether to mandate any of those in Great Britain.” Mike Hawes, Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders chief executive, said: “We look forward to continuing discussions with the UK government on how these measures will be rolled out in this country. DON'T MISS: 'Phase out diesel': Campaigners propose banning vehicle type in ULEZ [LATEST]English town adopts new 20mph speed limit rule - 'Just the start' [RESPORT]Britons face hefty fines when driving in Europe without these items [ADVICE] “Some manufacturers have already been offering these technologies to consumers ahead of any regulations, including Intelligent Speed Assistance, and will continue to do so across the UK. “With the heavily integrated nature of the UK and European automotive sectors, regulatory divergence is not advantageous for either party.” The AA has supported the introduction of ISA technology regardless if it is adopted as law. In 2020, more than a quarter of all fatal collisions on British roads were caused by drivers speeding. So what do YOU think? Should the UK follow the EU and enforce speed limiters on all new cars? Vote in our poll and join the debate in the comment section below.