As I entered Parliament early this morning, the first full day for MPs back since the Prime Minister’s dramatic resignation, I was approached by three MPs from different wings of the Conservative Party eager to discuss the leadership but all with the same message. One said: “I don’t know who I am supporting yet but it is the one who stands the best chance of beating Rishi. Basically, anybody but Rishi.” The message was repeated in different forms by the other two and then a string of different Tory MPs throughout the day. Why has the former Chancellor provoked the ire of so many colleagues of differing hues of blue in the Tory ranks? One is that the “Boris loyalists” are convinced that he was responsible for the Prime Minister’s demise when he quit along with Sajid Javid last week. They do not like that he had a website ready for a leadership bid before Christmas Day last year or that the glossy launch video appeared to have been prepared well in advance. But more than that is the idea he is “the socialist Chancellor” who put up taxes and is still the only one not promising immediate tax cuts. Many Conservative MPs refuse to forgive him for the National Insurance rise which infuriated them more than Partygate and Mr Johnson lost no time last week fingering his former Chancellor for the policy. One major party donor summed it up neatly when he texted me: "It may be down to the members to save us from Red Rishi!" Just as damaging is that he is now seen as “the establishment’s candidate” with a collection of centrists, liberal wets and former special advisers among his declared supporters. It is also true to say he is definitely the man to beat at the moment with easily the most MPs declared for him than any other. This is why there has been a relentless attempt to besmirch him from various quarters - including a vengeful Team Boris in Downing Street. The suggestion is that he is being helped by the former chief of staff Dominic Cummings, who was sacked in December and a figure of pathological hatred for many Tory MPs, was described by his team as “b*****s!” over the weekend. READ MORE: Suella Braverman makes huge Brexit pitch in bid to destroy Truss Then there is an extraordinary tale of intrigue around the grandmaster of Westminster devious chess tactics Michael Gove which is now being clocked up around the many bizarre conspiracy theories linked with a man who is perhaps most famous for stabbing Mr Johnson in the back in the 2016 leadership election. Mr Gove is supporting Kemi Badenoch, most believe he is running her campaign. Some even call it a proxy campaign for Gove himself which is a little unfair on a genuine rising star who is attracting support. But the Westminster gossip - and it is only gossip among a group of people who live on gossip - is that the reason for the campaign is to split the right of the party which may otherwise have backed Attorney General Suella Braverman or perhaps Home Secretary Priti Patel and ensure they have no candidate in the final reckoning. Several MPs have claimed that eventually the plan is to “rolling Kemi’s campaign into Rishi’s” which provides yet more ammunition for the “anybody but Rishi” crowd. Time will tell if there is any truth to this but it appears to have succeeded in taking at least some of the momentum out of Ms Braverman's campaign to unite the Brexiteer right. DON'T MISS Have Your Say: Which Tory leadership hopeful do you trust with Brexit? [REACT] 'Jeremy Hunt and I are not soulmates but this is why I MUST back him' [INSIGHT] Sunak campaign reacts to Boris' revenge as race to be PM turns nasty [REVEAL] The electorate for the first rounds of the Tory leadership contest are infamously the most difficult, self interested, devious one you will find for any vote - the Conservative MPs themselves. In the end they will make a calculation on which candidate is most likely to win them back their seats. The favourites to be in the final two against Mr Sunak are currently trade minister Penny Mordaunt and Foreign Secretary Liz Truss. But the current Chancellor Nadhim Zahawi cannot be entirely ruled out nor can former Foreign Secretary Jeremy Hunt with the backing of Blue Collar Conservatism founder Esther McVey. For all the intrigue, backbiting and bitterness there is a lot to play for in this contest.