The German finance minister has been forced by the war and the ongoing energy crisis to break his election pledges of reducing public spending, plunging the country into huge debt instead. Germany's economy is suffering a rapid descent as German business activity unexpectedly shrank in July. The euro continued its retreat on Friday from a more-than-two-week high as disappointing activity data from France and Germany pushed the single currency lower, a day after the European Central Bank raised interest rates for the first time since 2011. Speaking to German public broadcaster ZDF, Mr Lindner said: "There is a risk of a very serious economic crisis. "My concern is that in a few weeks and months we could have a very worrying situation." Already dubbed "the king of debt", he is risking the collapse of the entire government coalition. His party, the FDP, is losing public support, going from th 11.5 percent result in last year's election to between 6 and 8 percent. "So far Lindner hasn't been able to deliver much on his electoral promises,” Uwe Jun, a political science professor from Trier University, told Politico. “The FDP is in quite a downward trend because many people who voted for it [last year] don't find themselves represented in the current government policies.” The largest economy in the EU also risks plunging the eurozone into deep recession. READ MORE: Putin’s plan takes hit after Kyiv cuts off supply bridge  Viraj Patel, macro strategist at Vanda Research warned: "The US economy is slowing but Europe is slowing quicker. "It's the reason why the FX market continues to be underweight the euro." The euro had already edged lower as the ECB's new tool to shield indebted states from soaring borrowing costs, announced on Thursday, failed to impress investors, with many worried about a lack of detail and conditions that could make it tough for the likes of Italy to use. Analysts also said the removal of the ECB's forward guidance on rates could make the central bank more data dependent. DON'T MISS:Putin in trouble as Ukraine calls for international tribunal [INSIGHT]Russia calls for North Korean labourers for help in the Donbas [ANALYSIS]World War 3 as Putin to ‘launch nukes’ if China invades key area [MAP] "Maybe the ECB can eke out another hike in September but judging by the direction of travel for the European economy I don't think they'll be in any shape or form to be talking about rate hikes in December or early next year," Mr Patel added. The ECB on Thursday delivered its first interest rate hike in over a decade, joining other major central banks in the race to get on top of surging inflation. The move to raise rates to 0 percent brought an end to eight years of experimenting with negative rates. The bank also promised further rate hikes possibly as soon as its next meeting on September 8.