Mauricio Pochettino has been tipped by former Premier League winger Trevor Sinclair to make a surprise move to Manchester City after being sacked by Paris Saint-Germain. The Argentine lasted 18 months at the Parc des Princes before being given his marching orders earlier this month. Pochettino built a formidable reputation as one of the best young managers in Europe during his time with Espanyol, Southampton and Tottenham. He led Spurs to the Champions League final in 2019, as well as four consecutive top-four Premier League finishes before being sacked after a poor start to the 2019/20 campaign. After landing his role at PSG, the 50-year-old went on to lift the Ligue 1 trophy and the French Cup. But those successes weren’t enough for him to hold onto to his job, with the writing appearing to be on the wall after PSG were knocked out of last season’s Champions League by Real Madrid at the round of 16 stage in March. Pochettino had previously been backed to take over from Ole Gunnar Solskjaer as Manchester United boss. But Sinclair believes he will now land a role in the blue half of the city. READ MORE: Erik ten Hag 'overruled Man Utd recruitment team' on separate signing to Lisandro Martinez “You look at him and he knows how to deal with egos,” Sinclair said on talkSPORT. “He seems to have a fantastic rapport with players. It doesn't matter how big the players are - we have seen him managing [Lionel] Messi, [Kylian] Mbappe and Neymar. So on that side of things, I think he is safe hands. “He is a charming man and I think he comes across well in the media. I actually feel that Manchester City might be the club for him. I think he might have a bit of a sabbatical now, because I'm sure he is not struggling for finances. “But I think Manchester City could be the one for him. If Guardiola walks away at a certain stage, that might be a hot seat ready to take for Pochettino.”  City boss Guardiola has one more year remaining on his contract at the Etihad Stadium and is yet to commit to a new deal. And there has been intense speculation that he could quit the Citizens next summer after seven years in Manchester. And the Spaniard has already admitted that he won’t make a decision about his future until the end of the upcoming campaign. “If I extend the contract it will be at the end of the next season,” he said in May. “Before then it's not going to happen. It's many years and I have to see how the team and ourselves, how we are together.” 