Over the weekend, Prince George joined his parents, Prince William and Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge to watch Novak Djokovic and Nick Kyrgios battle it out on Centre Court in the Wimbledon’s Men’s Singles final. It was the eight-year-old's first time at Wimbledon and, with his parents, he watched the match from the royal box. During the visit, George "got a little shy" when he was asked who he was there supporting. At this moment, proud dad Prince William "stepped in" and announced he was supporting Djokovic. Speaking on Australia's Today Show, 9honey's royal reporter Natalie Oliveri discussed the sweet moment between father and son. When asked about George attending the match, Ms Oliveri said: "That's right, it was so cute to see Prince George there centre court with his mum and dad. "It was his first time in the royal box, his first time at Wimbledon". She added: "We've seen him go to soccer matches over the years, but this was really cute, dressed in a suit and tie". She then spoke of a sweet moment where Prince William had to "step in" to support the eight-year-old after he appeared to "get a little shy". READ MORE: Prince Harry praised as Duke shows off Silicon Valley role with 'inspiring' short film Ms Oliveri said: "He [George] was actually asked who he was going to support, Kyrgios or Djokovic. "Prince George got a little shy and William had to step in and say Djokovic. "So, sort of, giving him a bit of a pointer there", adding that it was "so cute". She also discussed how the young royal, and his parents, met with Djokovic following the match. READ MORE: Royal POLL: Should Harry return to royal life to support William? "[George] gave him a little thumbs up and then he was able to hold the Wimbledon trophy". The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge is a regular attendee at Wimbledon. Kate is also an avid tennis player herself and is patron of the All England Lawn Tennis Club. DON'T MISS Prince George, who will celebrate his ninth birthday later this month, is Kate and William's eldest child. George's younger siblings, Princess Charlotte, 7, and Prince Louis, 4, didn't join the family on Sunday. READ NEXT: