The Love Actually actor, who played the iconic DI Humphrey Goodman in Death in Paradise between 2014 and 2017, will be starring in a brand-new BBC series called Beyond Paradise. Excitement has been building for the spin-off for weeks and Kris has revealed filming is due to start in less than a month. Viewers have been calling for a spin-off series for years as well as the return of DI Goodman, so the BBC's and Britbox's recent announcement was warmly welcomed by fans. BritBox's chief creative officer, Diederick Santer, described Beyond Paradise as a "no brainer" following the success of Death in Paradise which will return for season 12 at a date yet to be announced. Fans have been wondering where the spin-off will be set, and Kris has unveiled the location. The 49-year-old revealed the show would take place "in a rural setting in the south-west" of the UK. READ MORE: Ann Widdecombe in huge row with union chief 'Back to 70s!' The series will see Kris' character and his fiancée Martha Lloyd (played by Sally Bretton) navigating "a new life together in the idyll of rural Britain". Kris also said filming would start "imminently, in about three weeks". It's been reported the series has enlisted most of the "main cast", but supporting roles are still being cast. Kris told Digital Spy: "We’re in the process now, we’ve got most of the main cast but we’re sort of casting some of the supporting roles."  When asked what viewers can expect from the series, Kris teased: "What it is about the scripts that I really love, Tony Jordan’s done a beautiful job on the two or three scripts I’ve seen." The actor said the show is exactly what Death in Paradise fans would hope for. He quipped: "Obviously it’s not in the Caribbean, but it’s in its own paradise. It’s got its own new twist on it. "I think it’s really unique and is like a comfy blanket as well." DON'T MISS...Death in Paradise's Ben Miller speaks out on return as Richard Poole [LATEST]Death in Paradise alumni Ben Miller star reacts to Kris Marshall show [INSIGHT]Death in Paradise spin-off: Everything we know on Kris Marshall return [EXPLAINER] Kris said he hoped Death in Paradise fans will take to the series "straight away". Beyond Paradise will air on BBC One in the UK and Britbox International in selected countries. Executive producer for programme-makers Red Planet Pictures, Tim Key, said: "We always knew there were more Humphrey Goodman tales to be told and with the brilliant Tony Jordan leading the writing team, bringing all the Death in Paradise spirit, humour and joy to this brand new, original series, we can’t wait to get started. "While Humphrey is used to contending with fiendishly clever puzzles, the biggest challenge of all is navigating his private life and finding out what happens beyond the ‘happy ever after’.  “We’re delighted to be working with Kris and Sally again and creating a little bit of Paradise in the UK.” For the new drama, Kris' character takes a job as a DI in Martha's hometown. However, they soon find that country life is anything but peaceful and he realises the town has a surprisingly high crime rate. Death in Paradise episodes are available to watch on BBC iPlayer. 