It can be difficult to know what to with a small room or space, and decorating it a certain way might even make it feel so much smaller than it already is. According to interiors expert Nic Shacklock from Online-Bedrooms.co.uk, opening up a small room is “all about tricking the eye and creating the illusion that the room is bigger than it actually is”. For him, it is key to “keep it simple, light, and airy”. Nic’s first tip is to use white as the main colour of the room, which he said is “arguably the best colour for a small room”, but for those who want to add a touch of colour, they should do so “through plants”. He explained: “Greenery and flowers can make a fun and bright decorative addition to the home without the long-term commitment to one specific colour. “The beauty of a white space is it opens itself up to lots of options when it comes to adding colour. “Homeowners looking to add some more colour to their space should look at complementary colours. READ MORE: 10p hack to remove tea cup stains ‘in minutes’ with ‘no scrubbing’ “Introducing too many colours can lead to an overload, so think about one colour contrast and how your chosen colour will affect your home.” The interiors expert continued: “Choosing a colour like yellow will add brightness and freshness to your home, whilst a colour like blue might suggest a nautical theme. “Use your chosen colour within accessories like throw pillows, vases, candles and wall prints.” Light is important when it comes to small rooms, as “when a space is well lit, it opens up the size of the room”. DON'T MISS: Protect gardens from slugs using 14p ‘homemade spray’ - ‘so effective’ [INSIGHT]Alan Titchmarsh shares how to ‘transform’ roses - keeps them ‘alive’ [UPDATE]Mrs Hinch fans share how to clean a BBQ with simple 13p natural hack [ANALYSIS] Nic said: “Try to let in as much natural light as possible and ditch the curtains. “If you’re trying to make a bedroom look bigger then opt for curtains that are light in both colour and weight.” As for other types of lighting, Nic advised: “When it comes to the living room, the best way to create a lighting scheme to work throughout the day is to layer your lighting. This can be created through mixing small table lamps, larger floor lamps and spots of accent lighting, using wall pendants to highlight architectural aspects or feature walls. “Hanging pendant lights work great in spaces like kitchens, but should be placed carefully based on the desired look. READ MORE: 'Go straight for the source' 7 ways to get rid of an ants nest at home “Low hung pendants create the illusion of higher ceilings, whilst hanging them higher up can make the room look slightly shorter. “For large open kitchens with lots of space, go for clusters of pendants which can make the space feel cosier and warmer.” As for bedrooms, Nic said that “lighting choices have to be both practical and ambient”. “Think about task lighting – which parts of your room need more light for you to be able to see clearly?” he added. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “For those who like to sit or lie down and read a book before bed, task lighting above your reading chair or on the bedside table is a must. Opt for bright bulbs to optimise the lighting where it is needed most.” On the floor of a small room, Nic recommended against using carpets, saying “dark carpet in particular, draws the eye and the room inward so try to go for alternative flooring”. “If you feel as though you really want carpet then go for a lighter colour that will reflect the light.” He added: “Wood flooring is a great option for making a room appear bigger. Those with a smaller budget could opt for laminate flooring for similar effects. “If working with a narrow room, place the wood panels so they lay across the room to elongate the smallest part of the room.” Another top tip to free more floor space, or space in your room in general, is to make good use of your furniture, Nic said. “Fitted wardrobes with plenty of integrated storage are the best way to go,” he explained. “A fitted wardrobe with space for shoes, clothes and accessories can eliminate the need for traditional bulkier wardrobes, a chest of drawers and larger bedside tables, as all the bedroom storage you need is in one place. “This frees up much more floor space and eliminates the cluttered look of lots of furniture pieces in one room.”