The royal train has been in service since 1842. According to Channel 5’s Secrets of the Royal Train, the train quickly became the Royal Family's "favourite way to travel". Recently, the Sovereign Grant has sparked controversy due to concerns over the monarchy's spending, in particular during the current living crisis. Speaking on the latest Royal Round-Up, the Daily Express royal correspondent Richard Palmer discussed certain forms of the monarchy's spending and revealed the minimum cost of the Queen's journeys on the royal train. Host Pandora Forsyth asked Mr Palmer: "In terms of how much money, do we have any idea how much money the Royal Family are spending on travel, or for public engagements. "Do we have any idea?". He replied: "Well, we do have an idea but I'm afraid, I haven't got the figure to hand. "[We looked at] the royal accounts last week. "They offer skate quite a lot". READ MORE: Meghan and Harry spotted with Archie sucking lollipop and waving American flag on July 4th They royal correspondent added: "You know, if helicopter journeys that don't meet the threshold". adding, "I think, its £15,000 that they don't record". He noted that the costs are "quite frightening". Mr Palmer said: "Every time they use the royal train, every time the Queen uses the royal train it tends to be, sort of, a minimum of £25,000, thirty-five thousand pounds. "It's an awful lot". He stated: "My undersanding, is the Queen, travelled up to Scotland last week on the royal train." READ MORE: Queen looks pensive as she is spotted heading home to huge crisis Mr Palmer notes that the train is "environmentally-friendly" and "it runs on environmentally-friendly fuel". He continued: "Part of the argument is, if she does it that way, it saves on the cost of hotels", although, in terms of the Scotland trip, added that "in that case" it wouldn't be because the monarch was "travelling up to her official residence in Scotland". He concluded that sometimes it is "cost efficient to do it that way". DON'T MISS Last week, during her visit to Scotland, the 96-year-old monarch was joined by the Earl and Countess of Wessex for a traditional ceremony opening the Royal Family's Holyrood week. Following her arrival in Edinburgh, the Queen took part in the Ceremony of the Keys on the forecourt of the Palace of Holyroodhouse. During the ceremony, which marked the beginning of Royal Week in Scotland, the monarch is symbolically offered the keys to the city by the Lord Provost. READ NEXT: