The Labour MP for Batley and Spen asked Boris Johnson if he will use the summer to reflect on why "public trust in politicians is at an all-time low". Ms Leadbeater asked: "Public trust in politicians is at an all-time low. Will the Prime Minister be using the next few weeks to personally consider why this could be? As the unedifying fight for his job continues, if those who were vying to replace him were to draw on his wise counsel, what advice would he give to ensure the people we serve receive far better than they have from this Government?" Mr Johnson replied: "Mr Speaker I'm afraid I didn't quite catch the last bit of the question. "I will be using the next few weeks to do what the people of this country expect and that is to drive forward the agenda we were elected in 2019. "The Labour Party particularly fear the Conservative Party. "That is the agenda of uniting and levelling up and making sure we invest in places which decades were betrayed by Labour and left behind. READ MORE: Scientist forced to move research hub from Scotland to EU "That is what the Conservatives are going to do and that's why we're going to win again." It comes as Mr Johnson claimed he has not been following the Tory leadership contest closely, as he faced questions about the candidates pulling out of a televised debate. Opening what could be their final Prime Minister's Questions exchange, Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer said the relationship between a prime minister and leader of the opposition was "never easy", adding: "This one has proved no exception to the rule." He asked: "Why does the Prime Minister think that those vying to replace him decided to pull out of the Sky debate last night?" The Prime Minister replied: "Well, I am not following this thing particularly closely, but my impression is that there has been quite a lot of debate already and I think the public are having an ample opportunity to view the talent." Mr Johnson added that any of the candidates would "wipe the floor" with Sir Keir, likening them to "some household detergent". Responding to the Prime Minister, Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer said: "I think the truth is this - they organised the TV debates because they thought it would be a great chance for the public to hear from the candidates first hand, then disaster struck because the public actually heard from the candidates first hand." He asked: "Does the Prime Minister agree with with his former chancellor (Rishi Sunak) that plans put forward by the other candidates are in his words, I have got them here, 'nothing more than the fantasy economics of unfunded spending promises'?" Boris Johnson replied: "They know all about fantasy economics because they have already committed to £94 billion of extra tax and spending, which every household in this country would have to pay for, to the tune of about £2,100." DON'T MISS Liz Truss blasted by family friend for Tory views: 'T***!' [INSIGHT]Mrs Thatcher's right-hand-man writes manifesto for Britain [ANALYSIS]Have your say: Do you think Boris should come back as PM? [POLL] Sir Keir Starmer said: "Every Labour pledge made under my leadership is fully costed. Those vying to replace him have racked up £330 billion of unfunded spending commitments." He added: "What about his Foreign Secretary, she was withering about the Government's economic record. She said, again her words, here they are 'if Rishi has got this great plan for growth, why haven't we seen it in the last two-and-a-half years at the Treasury?' That's a fair question isn't it Prime Minister?" Boris Johnson replied: "What you saw in the last two-and-a-half years was, because of the pandemic, the biggest fall in output for 300 years which this Government dealt with and coped with magnificently by distributing vaccines faster than any other European Government, faster than any other major economy which would not have been possible if we had listened to him." "That is why we have the fiscal firepower that is necessary to help families up and down the country, making tax cuts for virtually everybody paying national insurance contributions."