When this week Nick Kyrgios told reporters of the 'bromance' enjoyed by him and fellow Wimbledon finalist Novak Djokovic, it signified a relationship that has basically gone full circle. The pair will clash on Centre Court on Sunday afternoon with Kyrgios chasing his first Grand Slam title, whilst on the contrary, the Serbian is bidding for Slam No 21 as he seeks to close the gap on current record holder Rafael Nadal. But regardless of how the match ends, the pair will at least start off at 2pm on much better terms than in previous years, following the explosive visa saga which saw Djokovic deported out of Victoria in January just a day before the Australian Open began. Whilst many lambasted his refusal to be vaccinated against Covid-19, he found an unlikely ally in Kyrgios, who labelled his rival's treatment as 'atrocious'. It was a far cry from his past assessments on Djokovic, who the controversial Australian actually beat twice in 2017, in Indian Wells and Acupulco respectively. In 2019, during an appearance on Ben Rothenberg's No Challenges Remaining podcast, he mocked Djokovic's on-court behaviour, pledging "I’m doing his celebration in front of him" if he was to beat him again. In the same interview, he claimed the former world No 1 had a "sick obsession wanting to be liked" and craved to be similar to Roger Federer. A year later, the Canberra-man was taking aim again, following Djokovic's ill-fated attempt to run the Adria Tour during the Covid-19 pandemic, with the event scrapped when a number of players, including the host, tested positive for the virus. JUST IN: Cameron Norrie shows he is not another Tim Henman despite Novak Djokovic Wimbledon loss "Boneheaded decision to go ahead with the ‘exhibition’," Kyrgios tweeted about Djokovic and co. "Speedy recovery fellas, but that’s what happens when you disregard all protocols. This IS NOT A JOKE." And there was zero sympathy shown when the all-time great asked for restrictions on players to be relaxed ahead of the 2021 Australian Open. Kyrgios dubbed the star a "tool" for his request, which made his apparent show of support 12 months later all the more surprising. Indeed, after beating Cameron Norrie in his semi-final on Friday, the top seed said of his 'friendship' with his final opponent: “I don’t know if I can call it a bromance yet, but we definitely have a better relationship than what it was probably prior to January this year. DON'T MISS:Novak Djokovic booed by crowd as BBC commentator comes under fireLionheart Cameron Norrie gets Wimbledon final dream crashed but wins new fansRafael Nadal shows class with heartwarming gesture before leaving Wimbledon “But when it was really tough for me in Australia he was one of the very few players that came out publicly and supported me and stood by me. That’s something I truly appreciate. So I respect him for that a lot.” Whether relations stay good for the duration of their final clash remains to be seen, with Kyrgios never afraid to try and wind-up or distract opponents. The pre-match handshake will be a warm one, the post-match one may depend on how this enthralling Wimbledon finale plays out.