Euromillions played in Ireland, Austria, Belgium, France, Luxembourg, Portugal, Spain, Switzerland and the United Kingdom. The lottery’s jackpot will be capped once it reaches 230million euros, or around £197million. Tonight could see Euromillions hit the cap, meaning a British ticket-holder would immediately become the UK’s biggest-ever winner if they hit the jackpot. When the jackpot reaches its cap, players matching five main numbers and one Lucky Star can expect a bigger prize, because any money which would have gone into boosting the jackpot is shared among winners in the next prize tier. Once it reaches the cap and assuming it continues not to be won, the jackpot will stay at 230 million euros for a further four draws until it has to be won in the fifth draw. In a EuroMillions Must Be Won draw, if no ticket matches all five main numbers and two Lucky Stars, the entire jackpot will roll down into the prize tier where there is at least one winner – meaning many multi-millionaires could be created. As a result, tonight’s draw is expected to be the first of the five draws with the capped jackpot. If the top prize rolls over for a further four draws, the Must Be Won draw will take place on July 22. Results for Euromillions are set for 7.45pm, with results visible after 9.25pm the same night. According to Euromillions' website, the jackpot is already valued over £191million. READ MORE: Brexit LIVE: Boris bashed as 'serial liar' in EU status attack The prize poll will break Gloucestershire couple Joe and Jess Thwaite’s record, only two months after they won an all-time high of £184million. Mr and Mrs Thwait said in May they spent their winnings on an around the world holiday. Mrs Thwait told the Sun: “Our two children have always talked about going to Hawaii, I’ve no idea why, but we can now make that dream come true. “Just to see their faces when we can make these things come true will be worth every penny.” DON'T MISS Royal Family LIVE: Harry to launch ANOTHER British lawsuit Caravan owners 'forced off' holiday site by new rule Britons baffled as unmemorable Tory hopefuls stump voters - WATCH Mr Thwait also admitted he did not know what to do with the couple’s winnings, saying: “I don't know, I think I got up to about £7million and then I just thought I was being stupid. I thought 'what are you doing?’” He also added: “We could do the house up how we wanted it and make the couple of changes that we want to put our stamp on the place." “But I think we've got some time and bit more room to dream.” Tonight’s winnings could see a Briton become richer than both singer Dua Lipa, with an estimated net wealth of £36million, and actor James Corden, believed to be worth £50million. They would also be able to buy themselves a home in Bishops Avenue in north London, known as Billionaires’ Row, where properties have gone for around £75 million in the past.