A few slapped wrists and the odd final warning. In spite of a clear, institutionalised, failure by South Yorkshire police to protect children from sexual abuse. In spite of the recorded abuse of the 1,400 children, in this case, taking place over a period of some 16 years. In spite of 260 complaints. In spite of 47 officers being investigated. In spite of the IOPC upholding 43 of these complaints. In spite of the IOPC finding that officers were specifically told to prioritise other crimes (over the sexual abuse of children as young as 12). In spite of the IOPC finding that officers in South Yorkshire ‘failed to protect vulnerable children’. How clear does it need to be for serious remedial action to be taken? No-one has been held accountable at any level of the South Yorkshire police hierarchy, and all involved have kept their jobs. Remember: this is about 1,400 known child victims. The current system of police complaints has provided zero accountability. The UK Independence Party has long been committed to holding an independent national inquiry into the twisted political correctness that surely treats some minority communities preferentially.    The widespread sexual abuse of vulnerable girls by majority British-Pakistani grooming and rape gangs is a scandal covered up for many years – not only in this current case of 1,400 girls in Rotherham – but similar gangs in Rochdale, Oxford, Oldham, Derby, Telford, Peterborough, Newcastle, Aylesbury, Keighley, Halifax, Banbury, Huddersfield, and other towns, as well as by a Somali grooming gang in Bristol. Those in local government and the police who fail to protect children from rape gangs must be brought to account. The UK is policed by the consent of the people. The UK Independence Party is a great supporter of the police and believe they should be adequately funded and paid. But our police forces, to earn the consent of the people, must apply one rule for all. An institutionalised police disregard to young and child female victims of sexual exploitation is thoroughly unacceptable. Police forces must be required to prioritise and investigate real crimes against the person and property.  Steve Unwin is UK Independence Party - Spokesman for Home Affairs, Political Reform and Local Government 