Jake Paul’s credentials as a boxer were questioned by Carl Froch who claimed he 'wouldn’t train' to fight him. The former super-middleweight world champion has made it clear he is not an admirer of the 25-year-old and his older brother Logan, who recently signed for WWE.  Froch would be willing to contest a bout with Paul as thinks he would fare rather well, despite not having fought since defeating George Groves at Wembley in his last ever professional bout in 2014. “I would yeah, because I wouldn’t consider that to be a fight,” Froch said in an exclusive interview with Daily Star Sport when asked if he would ever be keen on fighting Paul, if the American ever called him out. “I know he’s doing what he is doing, and he is improving, and he has people that want to watch him box, which is great, fair play to him. But somebody like that, how do I put it, if I tried to play football against the top clubs, it’s going to be pointless me being on the bench, or me playing tennis against the top players. Jake Paul, is playing at being a professional boxer, but he is not.” Froch is one of a long line of individuals who find the former Disney duo insufferable, especially when it comes to their respective boxing endeavours. The 45-year-old would be happy to knock Paul brothers down a peg or two, claiming he would love to fight them in a “tag-team” bout. JUST IN: Oleksandr Usyk may be luring Anthony Joshua into a trap after six-word comment resurfaces   “He [Jake] can’t really fight, he knows how to stand up straight and he knows how to swing a punch, but he’s not a professional boxer,” Froch added. “So to answer your question, if Jake Paul called me out, then absolutely. “I wouldn’t even train for it, I’d take him on, I’d beat him up, and I’d get a good pay day because it’s Jake Paul, then I would go home happy.” This comes after Froch claimed Anthony Joshua will need a brain transplant in order to beat Oleksandr Usyk in their rematch next month. “For Anthony Joshua to beat Oleksandr Usyk, he needs a brain transplant. He’s got all the physical attributes, but I just don’t think he can beat him,” he said on Betfred’s Lightweight Boxing Show. But now, during an interview with Boxing Social, Froch explained what he meant and insisted that AJ looks 'worried' ahead of the fight.“It’s hard to take anything this early in the fight, they’re not fighting for a while," he said. "I just think Usyk’s extremely confident and he has every right to be because he’s extremely talented. AJ looks a little bit worried and he should be because he’s in against a fantastic talent. Everyone’s already said it, but he’s the bigger stronger man so if he can he can use those attributes he can get the win. "The first thing he needs to do before he gets in that ring is get his head sorted out. I’ve said he needs a brain transplant before and people were like ‘What’s he talking about?’ What I mean by that is he needs a totally different mindset and maybe a change in trainer [will do that]. “I don’t think he should have left Rob McCracken but this change might do him good because it might just reignite something and get him thinking differently – get him a little bit more aggressive. He needs to get his head right and start to believe in himself, otherwise, it’s going to go wrong for him.” Jake Paul will be back in the ring on August 6 to face Hasim Rahman Jr at Madison Square Garden, while AJ is scheduled to face Uysk for the second time on August 20 in Saudi Arabia.