Former economist Ray Israel-Wilkinson, 34, dedicated 104 love songs to Alex Wilkinson on Twitter and waited outside his office in Whitehall with placards. She and her victim reportedly met after working together at the Department for Culture, Media and Sport. After Israel-Wilkinson left the department, Westminster Magistrates' Court heard that she began to contact him shortly afterwards and insisted on a face-to-face meeting. He had found that unusual as they had established no “meaningful relationship” during their time at the office, and later discovered that she had created social media pages dedicated to him, MyLondon reports. Her Twitter account, with the profile name "Alexander Wilkinson is my King (Wilko’s Ray)", has nearly 5,000 followers and claims that GCHQ is preventing the two from being together. The bio on the account reads: "Please help my @alexwilko85 contact me. He is forced by evil souls to ostracise me. He loves me as much as I love him, My Wilko is unhappy. Please." Another tweet from January of last year said: “I’m still looking for my Alexander Wilkinson. Can anyone please help me get him back. I want to touch his face and tell him that he is made of stardust. Isn’t that crazy? I want to tell him that all the electrons in his body are spread over a probability distribution. My Wilko.” The court heard that she had also changed her surname from Sultan to Israel-Wilkinson to suggest that they were married, and had appeared outside his office on numerous occasions. After becoming concerned by her behaviour, Mr Wilkinson found LinkedIn, Facebook and Instagram accounts created by her, that were focused on her obsession with him.  Her LinkedIn contains frequent pleas to have her reunited with her “Wilko”, with her bio reading: “Wife of Alex Wilkinson. Economist. The spooks spy on me as a person of ‘intelligence value’ so I’ve stopped being intelligent until they return my husband to me. Until then, I’m offline so I will NOT READ your messages.” She also began writing him frequent emails which claimed that she was homeless and spoke about gangs trying to turn people into “cute dogs”. After becoming increasingly concerned, the senior civil servant began changing his routines to avoid coming into contact with his stalker.  After she was initially arrested for harassing Mr Wilkinson, she continued to breach her bail conditions by arriving at his office with banners. In May last year, she sat outside his office on Parliament Street with a homemade placard which read ‘Waiting for my Wilko’. She was eventually sectioned in hospital in August 2021 and continued to send Mr Wilkinson emails. Since being detained, Westminster Magistrates Court heard that she has begun medication and treatment for her mental illness, and that a custodial sentence would not be appropriate given the nature of her condition. Sentencing her to a hospital order, District Judge Colin Witcher said: “You were convicted in this matter of stalking without fear of violence and the case makes deeply unattractive reading. Emailing him, posting about him on social media, attending outside his place of work and it continued even in breach of your police bail when you returned with a banner.  “The conduct went on and on and I make it absolutely plain that but for the medical reports, this would have been a Category A offence and I would have had no hesitation in sending you to prison. The impact caused great distress and there is evidence before me that he changed his lifestyle.” After reading “detailed medical reports”, the judge decided that whilst a prison sentence would not be beneficial, a sentence in the community would “not deal adequately with the public’s safety”. Israel-Wilkinson, of Milton Keynes, was handed an indefinite hospital order under Section 37 of the Mental Health Act, and was made the subject of an indefinite restraining order. 