Far from the usual ‘Mama’ or ‘Dada’, Prince Louis’s first words were reportedly something a bit more unusual, the Duchess of Cambridge has revealed. The now four-year-old happened to be at the perfect height to catch a glimpse of Kate’s cookbooks. Appearing on a Christmas special Baking show in 2019, Kate Middleton revealed one of her youngest child’s first words was “Mary”. REVEALED: THE UK'S TOP GREEN PRODUCTS Together with her husband Prince William and famous British baker, Mary Berry, on ‘A Berry Royal Christmas’ , the duchess laid bare the story of how Louis was learning to speak. She told the TV cook: “One of Louis’ first words was ‘Mary’ because right at his height are all my cooking books in the kitchen. “And children are really fascinated by faces, and your faces are all over your cooking books and he would say, ‘That’s Mary Berry’. “So he would definitely recognise you if he saw you.” The unusual first-word revelation also accompanied another bombshell for the young royal. According to the Duchess, Louis has an unusual favourite food - which even a lot of adults find hard to stomach. Kate revealed during the special: “We've got carrots, beans, beetroot – a massive favourite. READ MORE: Queen warned monarchy faces 'real danger' if Firm abandons tradition “Louis absolutely loves beetroot.” Prince Louis has been attending Willcocks Nursery School in London, just a stone's throw away from the Cambridges’ royal residence at Kensington palace. The nursery, which Louis’s older sister Princess Charlotte also attended, reportedly costs around £14,000 a year to attend. Later this year, he will join his older siblings at another school. Earlier this year, Kate admitted her youngest had grown “so big now” and is so fast on his scooter she “can’t keep up with him.” DON'T MISS:Meghan Markle and Harry have Aussie hosts burst out laughing with pic [REVEAL]Observers 'looking out' for Kate baby bump on Duchess next outing [SPOTLIGHT]Queen backs Kate hours after Duchess' royal work dwarfed by Sussexes [INSIGHT]