The warning not to allow any dilution of Brexit is particularly pertinent and if the new PM should allow this to happen it will be the start of a very slippery slope for the Tory party.   I have voted Tory for more than 60 years except for the Ukip/Brexit plan and would not hesitate to change my vote again. We need to be vigilant up until the next general election. The MPs who have turned against Boris Johnson and stabbed him in the back should be ashamed of themselves, says Peter Roulston from Loughborough, Leicestershire. Since Boris became our Prime Minister he has had two very hard years in office due to Covid-19 and finally getting the United Kingdom out of the EU. Boris had to take control of the Covid outbreak so that everybody could receive a vaccination free of charge. All in all, Boris has done a great job for this country.  As someone who is not a Conservative but a committed Brexiteer, I disagree with Sir Keir Starmer’s main comments about Boris Johnson “not being fit for office,” says Jim Sokol from Minehead, Somerset. I lent my vote to the Tories in December 2019 because only they or Labour could win an election under our flawed first-past-the-post system. Johnson oversaw the Covid vaccination programme which Brussels attempted to undermine. Yes, he does tell lies and because of this I am glad he has stepped down. However, the current economic situation is not of Johnson’s making. While the number of such cases is relatively small, it is refreshing to see the Duchess of Cornwall saying that men can be overlooked as domestic abuse victims, says Michael Mulvenny from Halifax, West Yorkshire. This statement from a person of relative authority combats the narrative that men are solely the perpetrators.   I do not think Marie Helvin need worry about getting a job aged 69, says Lynne English from Wickford, Essex. Employers cannot discriminate against age, it is if a person is the best one to do a job, irrespective of their age. I am approaching 70, working full time, but needed another job and I was lucky enough to get one. I look nothing like the gorgeous Marie so if I can get a job so can she. 