Liverpool may well have discovered the perfect long-term successor for Fabinho in Stefan Bajcetic after the 17-year-old once again excelled in the Reds' pre-season defeat to Red Bull Salzburg on Wednesday night. Jurgen Klopp will no doubt be hoping the Spanish teenager can kick on this season in order to potentially free up funds for a mega-money move for Borussia Dortmund's Jude Bellingham next summer. Though a 1-0 defeat to Salzburg was hardly ideal preparation for Liverpool ahead of both this weekend's Community Shield clash with Manchester City and the upcoming Premier League campaign, there were positives to take for Klopp. The biggest undoubtedly being the continued emergence of midfield starlet Bajcetic. The teenager put in a particularly impressive 60-minute cameo in the Reds' rampant 5-0 success over RB Leipzig last week, and once again sparkled in his latest outing against the Bundesliga side's sister club. Bajcetic, a Spanish youth international of Serbian descent, cut a calm and composed presence in the centre of the park against the Austrians, while also proving he is not afraid to commit to a challenge. At just 17 years of age, the midfielder looks a classy prospect who possesses football intelligence beyond his tender years. Having arguably stolen the show within the Reds pre-season, Bajcetic will be hoping to have earned himself first-team opportunities in the upcoming campaign with Klopp potentially having found himself a future replacement for Fabinho who is free of charge. READ MORE: Liverpool boss Klopp can react to Keane's most brutal criticism Bajcetic, who joined from Celta Vigo in early 2021, has shown signs he is ready to make the step up from Liverpool's youth set-up to Klopp's first-team squad this season, and the introduction of the five-sub rule to the Premier League is only likely to have boosted his chances of his first taste of senior game-time. Should Klopp continue to mould the midfielder - who appears to be a perfect blend of Fabinho and Thiago Alcantara - into an assured No 6, the Reds boss could well save himself some vital funds, which could be put to better use in the club's pursuit of Bellingham. Liverpool are thought to be keen on freshening up their midfield ranks next summer by signing a dynamic box-to-box option alongside an up-and-coming enforcer. With the Reds having missed out on Aurelien Tchouameni to Real Madrid earlier in the current window, full focus is expected to be turned to Bellingham next summer. DON'T MISSLiverpool told they have an Iniesta in the making by Klopp assistantLiverpool used three players to steal Luis Diaz from TottenhamLiverpool may request four Juventus players in swap deal for Firmino But should Bajcetic continue his ascent to the game's summit, Liverpool may be better off investing their faith in the youngster as opposed to splashing the cash on a new defensive midfielder, in order to free up funds for a full-scale assault on Bellingham. In Bajcetic, Klopp may well have discovered a long-term successor to Fabinho - a player the Reds starlet has admitted he models his game on. “Especially for this club, the way he [Fabinho] plays, I think, is the best, and I always try to look at him and learn from him”, Bajcetic recently revealed. “It’s obviously tough to play like him but I always try to look at him and learn from his positioning, his pressing and all that.” Liverpool look to have unearthed quite the gem.