The Duchess of Sussex, who was brought up in the "sunshine by the Pacific", found the "class-ridden" world of life as a working royal "unattractive", the royal biographer claimed. Royal writer Tom Bower's highly anticipated biography Revenge: Meghan, Harry and the war between the Windsors is set to be released next week. Ahead of the book, Mr Bower has released extracts about the two royals. In the Sunday Times, he spoke about Meghan's time in the Palace. He said: "Meghan seemed isolated, vulnerable and stifled by convention.  "Apparently unwilling to accept that, unlike Hollywood, no one was counting the box office receipts of the crowds she attracted, she was waging a struggle for which she was not suited. "Scornful of the Palace’s explanation that attacking the media would rebound on her, she adopted Hollywood’s rulebook and took the initiative". The realisation likely contributed to Harry and Meghan's departure from their royal roles and subsequent relocation to the US in 2020. Now living in Montecito, California, the couple are making waves of their own with multi-million-pound deals in place with the likes of Netflix and Spotify.  READ MORE: Royal expert erupts in angry row over Prince Andrew Mr Bower said Meghan rejected the suggestion of reconciling with her estranged father, Thomas Markle, over fears she would embarrass the Firm. He wrote: "Meghan rejected the suggestion. He reported her saying: “It was completely unrealistic to think I could fly discretely to Mexico, arrive unannounced at his doorstep (as I had no means of secure communication with my father), to a location and residence I had never visited or known, in a small border town . . . and somehow hope to speak privately to my father without causing a frenzy of media attention and intrusion that could bring more embarrassment to the royal family.” Mr Bower commented: "Her father’s telephone number was unchanged. They could meet discretely in Los Angeles. The Queen was probably unaware that Meghan had never visited her father in Rosarito".  Meghan reportedly admitted to being "especially sensitive" over the issue, admitting "I had very recently married into the family and was eager to please them". The royal expert said: "In turn, Harry fretted that Meghan needed protection. He sympathised with her resentment of the Palace’s keen sense of deference and hierarchy". He said Meghan had said, during a visit to Castle Mey, that the family "fundamentally don’t understand". Mr Bower wrote: "'They' included Camilla, who, with nothing in common with Meghan, was apprehensive about Harry’s future". 