HSBC UK is increasing the interest rates on some of its variable rate savings accounts by up to 0.85 percent. The news follows the Bank of England interest rate rise by a further 0.25 percent last month. The Online Bonus Saver will see its bonus rate increase by 0.85 percent to 1.30 percent (from 0.45 percent) on balances up to £10,000. To encourage saving from an early age, HSBC UK’s youth savings accounts will also increase by up to 0.25 percent, taking the MySavings account to 3.25 percent AER. Rate  changes will also be implemented on Premier Savings, Flexible Saver (+0.10), the bank’s Cash ISA range (+0.10), Help to Buy:ISA (+0.25) and Fixed Rate Saver (+0.10 percent). Tom Wolfenden, HSBC UK’s Head Of Retail, said: “While our savings products are not directly linked to the Bank of England Base Rate, we take this into account alongside a number of other factors when setting our interest rates. READ MORE: 'I had a breakdown' Pensioner devastated as she loses £125,000  "We have raised our interest rates across a number of our accounts in order to offer greater value for savers. “Increasing the rate on our Online Bonus Saver will allow savers to receive a great rate of return as they build up their savings pot and get in to a positive savings habit by rewarding them with a bonus rate in the months they don’t make a withdrawal. “We also know that it’s important for young people to develop positive saving habits from an early age. Increasing the rate on our youth accounts will help young people grow their savings as they take their first steps in managing money.” DON'T MISSState pensioners describe struggle to get by in retirement [INSIGHT]State pension warning: Britons could 'lose out' with NI rule change [WARNING]Nadhim Zahawi urged to free Britons from £6bn pension tax burden [ALERT]'I had a breakdown' Pensioner devastated as she loses £125,000 [WARNING]    An easy way to make money is by switching bank accounts. HSBC is currently offering customers £170 when they switch to one of its accounts. To claim the £170 welcome bonus, people need to open an HSBC Advance Account and start the switch within 30 days using the Current Account Switch Service. They will aalso need to pay at least £1,500 into the account within 60 days and switch at least two direct debits or standing orders. READ MORE: State pensioners describe struggle to get by in retirement   Money Saving Expert founder Martin Lewis often recommends switching banks to benefit from the bank bribes on offer. In his Money Saving Expert (MSE) newsletter, financial journalist Martin Lewis recommends people switch banks as it only takes five minutes and could make someone £170 richer. He highlighted the best five banks for switching and put HSBC at number one. Mr Lewis also points out which ones are better for customer service.   