Manchester United’s pursuit of Frenkie de Jong is continuing to drag on. A fee with Barcelona has been agreed but, with the 25-year-old determined to stay at the Nou Camp, the saga still has legs to run. In the background are the Glazers who, ultimately, may deal the biggest twist of all by intervening and calling the move off, as history shows. Manchester United agreed a £63million fee with Barcelona for De Jong earlier in the week. But, despite that development, the Red Devils are yet to land their man. The Netherlands international has jetted out to the United States with the rest of his Barcelona team-mates for their pre-season tour, despite the club’s desire to get him off the books. And, right now, United have a dilemma. Erik ten Hag, their new boss, has told John Murtough and Richard Arnold to continue to press for De Jong regardless of the complexities involved. Yet it’s possible the Glazers, who sit at the top of the hierarchy, will intervene if things continue to drag on. Man Utd transfers: Barcelona draw up De Jong punishment plan United have been here before, of course. Back in 2013, David Moyes identified Cesc Fabregas as his main target - with the Spain international strutting his stuff for Barcelona at the time. United put all their resources into a deal, with Ed Woodward believing an arrangement could be struck. But the Red Devils were rocked when Fabregas dug his heels in and opted to remain at Barcelona, the club he’d always dreamed of turning out for. That left United scrambling for last-minute reinforcements. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Man Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leave Man Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong And, in the end, they secured the signature of Marouane Fellaini - who would end up being a divisive figure throughout his time at the club. The Glazers will be keen to avoid a repeat. So, if they feel as though the De Jong deal isn’t moving quickly enough or will end up being a waste of time, it’s possible they’ll intervene. The Americans have, after all, put their foot down in the past - with two occasions in particular standing out. In 2017, Jose Mourinho was eager to jettison Anthony Martial - with the current Roma boss preferring to sign Ivan Perisic from Inter Milan. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. However, Joel Glazer insisted that Martial must be retained at all costs and Mourinho, ultimately, was left disappointed. In 2020, Everton wanted to land Sergio Romero - believing he’d be the ideal competitor for Jordan Pickford when it comes to the No 1 shirt. But the Americans again stepped in, fearing the Toffees as a rival to qualify for the Champions League. United continue to press for De Jong and reports on these shores have claimed he’s ‘willing’ to come. That, despite claims in Catalonia that he’s got no interest in leaving Barcelona for Old Trafford. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team And if United’s pursuit continues to stutter, then two other alternatives could be looked at. Wolves star Ruben Neves is one, though Bruno Lage has previously claimed it would take a fee of £100m to consider offloading the Portugal international. And Youri Tielemans would be another, despite the fact the Leicester star would prefer to join Arsenal instead. Barcelona chief Joan Laporta, meanwhile, recently doubled down on previous claims De Jong wasn’t for sale. “It’s not true we being are forced to sell Frenkie de Jong, that’s not correct,” he said. “Frenkie’s trip to the United States will be decided by Xavi and I understand he will travel.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here