Sophie Wessex, 57, attended the opening ceremony for the Commonwealth Games in Birmingham with her husband Prince Edward. The Countess of Wessex enthusiastically greeted Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall with a kiss on each royal’s cheek. Another interaction included that between the Prince of Wales and his younger brother, Prince Edward.  What was their body language like? Judi James, a professional body language expert, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to analyse the royal interactions. She said: “Some rare public displays of fondness here between Charles and Camilla and Sophie and Edward, with the two brothers reminding us they are actually rather close, despite the fact that they aren’t regularly pictured together. “Edward in particular adopts a rather naughty-looking, beaming smile as he uses some emphatic eye contact with Charles. READ MORE: Meghan Markle ‘highlights’ herself at public events - body language “This suggests they might share the same sense of humour. “He looks genuinely delighted and excited to see his oldest brother here, with his symmetric, wide smile that both raises and rounds the cheeks,” the expert suggested. What was Camilla’s body language like with Sophie? Judi opined: “Camilla and Sophie’s cheek-kiss greeting ritual is rather more cautious and careful, with the kiss coming while their torsos are still at a distance, rather than a more close-up kiss. “Each places a splayed hand on the other’s upper arm. “There does seem to be some form of verbal communication as their faces pull close,” the expert noted. On the contrary, how did Sophie’s body language compare with Prince Charles? Judi claimed: “Charles’ cheek-kiss to Sophie is signature Charles, with the rather pained facial expression he always seems to produce when cheek-kissing. READ MORE: Princess Anne dazzles in gold blazer & 'really cool' sunglasses "The lips are pulled straight, rather than puckered. “The torsos are distanced again and as Sophie hangs onto Prince Charles' shoulder he holds her arm in a way that suggests a slightly inhibited approach to PDAs.” The Countess of Wessex watched on as Prince Charles went on to deliver a speech with a message from the Queen. Sophie wore her Galvin London emerald turtle neck silk dress.  She was seen carrying her Sophie Habsburg Cleo clutch bag. The royal also attended the games today with Princess Anne. The Countess wore her floral print Cloque midi dress from Peter Pilotto. She paired these with her Colina leather wedges from Penelope Chilvers. To accessorise, Sophie wore her Cartier C Décor sunglasses. 