The Norwegian drama film became an indie sensation when it was released in the UK this year, and launched its two leads Renate Reinsve and Anders Danielsen Lie to international success. With a brand new Scandi thriller available to stream on Channel 4, Express.co.uk recently caught up with Anders to discuss his latest project’s dark themes and challenging subject matter. Anders stars as Oslo detective Max Sørensen in the new mystery series, Seizure. Max teams up with prejudiced cop Sander Holm (played by Anders Baasmo) to investigate the ominous death of four boys and soon realise there’s more to the case than they thought. “Oh, they are very different,” Anders previewed his role to Express.co.uk. “Max in Seizure is a detective with a degree in criminology, Aksel in TWPITW is a comic book artist.” READ MORE: Harry and Meghan 'not showing love' claims royal author Levin “I think I would say Max is a darker, more troubled, character than Aksel.” The Norwegian star also works as a practising doctor, though film and television fans may see more appearances from him in the future after his recent success. For Seizure, Anders delved even deeper into his character across the series’ eight episodes as Max defends his ideals against his partner while his sleepless nights are invaded by horrific nightmares. He also found the detective drama a more physically challenging role thanks to a number of intense action sequences as well as the constant motif of flooding water. “It was a more demanding shoot physically,” he confirmed. “I have lots of routines, both physical and mental. “But every shoot has its own unique challenges. I’m not always able to tell in advance what’s going to be hard on each project.” As for the number of water-logged sequences, Anders added: “It was a very wet shoot! “It’s hard to fake that… So the biggest problem is that you get very cold.” DON'T MISS:NCIS: LA’s LL Cool J sparks frenzy with new project [VIDEO]P-Valley fans sent into rage as fan-favourite's death looms [REACTION]Where will the Eurovision Song Contest 2023 take place? [LATEST] Seizure also addresses the real-world issue of police prejudice, and what can happen when two detectives with very different outlooks on their investigation are forced to collaborate. “Generally speaking I don’t think we have a huge problem with prejudice in Norwegian institutions,” Anders explained. “But we tried to let the two characters represent different ways of being a police officer, with Max being the more modern one. “We knew that Oslo Police Department had recently implemented reforms with a shift from old style interrogation to investigative interviewing, to ensure the legal protection and human rights of suspects. I wanted that to be Max’s passion as a police officer.” Although the two projects are very different, Seizure is a must-watch for anyone who enjoyed Anders’ breakout performance in The Worst Person in the World. Teasing what’s next for his career, he confirmed: “Actually I am doing a film in the US as we speak, alongside some truly amazing colleagues.” Anders will next be seen in the upcoming thriller Mothers’ Instinct with Jessica Chastain and Anne Hathaway, as well as another Norwegian drama, Sick of Myself. Seizure is available to stream on All4.