Tom Bower has recently claimed it was "difficult" to get in touch with sources close to Meghan Markle to hear the "good side of her" for his book, Revenge: Meghan, Harry and the war between the Windsors. The author claimed that he was being "cut off" by Meghan. Speaking to ITV's Lorraine, Mr Bower claimed: "I know when people are cutting me off. "It was ridiculous how difficult it was to get to people who I genuinely wanted to hear the good side of her. "She is a person who controls the narrative. "She ghosts people like her father or the Royal Family when she doesn't like them. "She's a very determined woman and she thought she could cut me off and she failed. READ MORE: Meghan Markle sparks 'another war of words' in Oprah interview lawsuit In the book, Mr Bower claimed Prince Harry was branded "f***ing nuts" for dating Meghan by his Eton pals. Meghan had joined 16 of Harry's friends for a dinner on Friday followed by shooting on Saturday. Mr Bower claimed in his book: "Like other shooting weekends, Harry was looking forward to endless banter, jokes — and a lot of drinking. He had not anticipated Meghan's reaction. Their jokes, involving sexism, feminism, and transgender people, ricocheted around the living rooms and dining rooms. "Without hesitation, Meghan challenged every guest whose conversation contravened her values. "'She lacked any sense of humour. Driving home after Sunday lunch, the texts pinged between the cars: 'OMG, what about HER?' said one. 'Harry must be f***ing nuts'." Australian morning show host David Campbell has come to the defence of the Duchess. Speaking on the Today Show Extra, Mr Campbell said: "Forgive for jumping on the Meghan positivity train here but if you took me on my second date to a shooting party where everyone was just sexist and bratty. I don't think they look good." DON'T MISS Queen could 'intervene' to ensure Harry and Meghan visit Balmoral [INSIGHT]Meghan and Harry's US stay questioned as Duke speech sparks fury [ANALYSIS]Queen health update: Monarch has 'declined a lot in last 6 months' [VIDEO] Royal correspondent Natalie Oliveri added: "I can't blame Meghan here especially when she is an animal lover. "I think anything like that would have been really hard to bear. "She never wanted to take part in the Royal Family's Boxing Day shoot after Christmas because of animals. "I agree with that. You don't want to put your own beliefs aside."