The third-in-line to the throne turned nine last Friday. Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, and Prince William publicly marked his birthday by sharing an adorable portrait of Prince George taken by his doting mum. The snap shows the young Prince smiling as he looks straight into the camera lenses. Donning a casual baby blue polo shirt, George appears to be on a beach, suggesting the snap may have been taken at a holiday destination. On the other hand, details of how the boy celebrated his birthday have been kept under wraps. But Kate's mother Carole, founder of celebration supplies Party Pieces, may have provided a hint regarding the theme of the party, as her company has recently launched a set of football-themed goodies. The wide-ranged collection includes football shoes-shaped napkins, a table runner simulating the grass effect, a golden trophy balloon and paper plates shaped like footballs. Prince George is known to be a keen football fan and has been reportedly playing for a "local team". Speaking to Vanity Fair's Katie Nicholl, a source previously said: "George is football crazy and actually a very good player." "During term time he plays for a local team and Will and Kate are often there to cheer him on." READ MORE: Meghan Markle had 'team of 14' aides to learn royal duties The source added Kate's parents Carole and Michael Middleton are "always a fixture" at the parties thrown by the Cambridges for their children. Prince George first showed in public his love for football in October 2019, when he was spotted watching a match between Aston Villa and Norfolk FC at Carrow Road. Sitting in the stands near William, Kate and Princess Charlotte, the boy could barely contain his happiness every time Villa, his father's favourite team, scored. Almost two years later, in July 2021, George returned to a stadium, but this time for an official engagement. The boy accompanied Kate and William, president of the FA, at two EURO 2020 matches at Wembley Stadium and, while wearing a suit and tie, cheered for England. As the Women's EURO final approaches, royal fans are hoping Prince William will be joined once again on Sunday evening at Wembley by his wife, firstborn and Princess Charlotte, believed to be a huge fan of the Lionesses. Prince George's love for sports also includes rugby, which he plays at Thomas's Battersea school. In February, when he headed with his parents to Twickenham Stadium to watch a Six Nations match between England and Wales, the young royal got to meet officials from both teams. After the Duchess proudly revealed George had started playing the sport at school, the cheeky prince shared he had just learned how to tackle. Turning towards his mum, he added: "But I haven't tackled you yet!" George is known to also love tennis, and even had the honour to learn some tricks from Swiss champion Roger Federer. In mid-July, the Duke and Duchesss of Cambridge brought along George to watch the men's singles final at Wimbledon. As this was once again an official engagement, given Kate is the patron of the AELTC, the young royal donned suit and tie despite the hot weather. Nevertheless, he appeared to thoroughly enjoy the match, which saw Novak Djokovic beating Nick Kyrgios. Following the game, George joined his parents in meeting the winner.