Ozzy, 73, and Sharon Osbourne, 69, are one of the UK’s most famous couples, and despite their tumultuous relationship, many fans were shocked when they announced they were divorcing in 2016. But the couple soon reunited and gave their 40-year marriage another chance. The couple tied the knot in Hawaii back in 1982, looking absolutely smitten - but seven years later, Ozzy would end up being arrested for attempting to strangle Sharon in a booze-fuelled rage. He told the Evening Standard: “That day when I woke up in this little single cell with human [expletive] up the walls — and I thought, what the [expletive] have I done now? Has one of my practical jokes backfired? “So I asked a police officer, I said: 'What am I here for?' I hadn't got a [expletive] clue. “It's the most horrific feeling. He read me a piece of paper, and said, 'You're charged with attempting to murder Mrs Sharon Osbourne.' I can't tell you how I felt. I just went numb." READ MORE: Rebekah Vardy 'devastated' over Wagatha trial - 'Judge got it wrong' Sharon didn’t press charges, and Ozzy spent three months in rehab. The pair seemed to have got back on track, with Sharon posting a gushing tribute to the Prince of Darkness in 2017, to mark their 25th wedding anniversary. "Thank you Ozzy for 35 crazy & wonderful years,” she wrote. “Here's to the next chapter of our lives. Love you more today than yesterday. Always remember: You carry my heart in yours, and it's getting older and needs protecting. Happy Anniversary." In 2013, Ozzy suffered a drugs relapse and Sharon revealed she considered leaving him, but instead opted to stay and help him through his battle with sobriety. “We've dealt with worse and we will deal with it and this too shall pass," she said. "It's a disease that not only hurts the person that has the disease, but it hurts the family. It hurts people that love you and we're dealing with it.” But by 2016, their marriage was in trouble again. Ozzy admitted to being a “bad boy” and engaging in extramarital affairs, and the couple briefly split up. “I felt like a fool,” Sharon told HELLO!. “It was as though everyone else had known about it and everybody was laughing at me. I felt very humiliated and belittled.” DON'T MISS...Devastated Declan Donnelly carries brother's coffin at funeral [PICTURES]Wagatha Christie judge defends Rebekah Vardy against 'vile abuse'[UPDATE] ‘Irreparable’ Will Smith addresses Oscars 'trauma' emotional new video [LATEST] They split up for a year, before managing to get their relationship back on track. “When you’ve spent 40 years with someone who you absolutely adore, you’ve built a life together, you work together,” Sharon said on Loose Women. “Every single thing about my husband, you know every part of their body and what they really feel about you. Yes it’s happened a lot with my husband and I feel if he had an emotional attachment to another woman that’s when there is no saving a marriage. “But if it’s just whatever she did, whatever you did to her, next, don’t even know the name… see you, bye.” She continued: “It’s an ego thing when someone is flaunting around you and doing things for you, telling you how fabulous you are. “Sometimes, I know I did, as a wife, you kind of drop that side of yourself. You don’t give as many compliments...because you are picking up towels...and [putting down] the toilet seat. “You do look at yourself and say, ‘What was my part in this? How have I been in the last few years with my partner? Have I given him the emotional support? Have I boosted his ego?’ “And the answer was, I hadn’t. I had been away working a lot.” Sharon added that while Ozzy might be a "dirty dog" he was "her dirty dog".