Washing machines are essential to every household, yet homeowners may not be aware that some items they are adding to their appliance could be damaging it. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Mark Greig, head of supplier management at nationwide electrical appliance experts, Marks Electrical, said: “Putting a clothes wash on is a task that most of us feel relatively confident with, however, it’s more than just chucking anything and everything into the machine and hoping for the best. “It does require a bit of extra thought in order to get the most out of your machine and avoid any costly mistakes. “For example, with hand-wash only labels they are usually added to more expensive or delicate garments to save them from ruining a clothes wash cycle. “If the wrong item is put in your washing machine then you run the risk of damaging both the item of clothing and the appliance itself, so it’s important to be aware of what you can and can’t machine wash. “Luckily, most washing machines now have a hand-wash cycle that uses low temperatures and a reduced spin, making them more suitable for delicate items.” To help, here are seven clothing items to avoid putting in washing machines. Woolly materials, such as jumpers and blankets are best kept out of washing machines as it is a delicate fabric. Mark said: “Despite feeling thick and heavy, knitwear is actually quite a delicate fabric so it’s likely to unravel if it gets caught in your washing machine. READ MORE: UK property market could see ‘biggest threat’ by winter “Knitwear needs to be handled carefully when it’s being washed.” Sam Whigham, CEO and founder of plant based, eco-cleaning brand Wilton London agreed that woolly items should not be washed in washing machines as it can turn something like a “big” woolly throw into a “napkin size” blanket. Instead the expert suggested: “Wool is great at cleaning itself over time. But if your throw desperately needs a freshen up, hang it up on a windy day outside, or put it in the dryer (whilst dry) for 20 minutes on a cool setting.” Items with embellishments should also never be added to washing machines. Sam explained: “A sequin top can quickly look more like a lacy top after a round in the washer. “The sequins easily get stuck on other garments and pull holes out of your top.” These items should be hand washed with a gentle laundry liquid, such as the one from Wilton available from Sainsbury’s. Start with a short soak in warm soapy water then rub with a soft brush, paying special attention to areas like the under arms. Rinse with clean water and lay flat to dry. DON'T MISS: Mrs Hinch fans share 55p hack to unblock drains in 10 minutes [COMMENT]Boris Johnson: Where he may live with Carrie and children [INSIGHT]Alan Titchmarsh shares how to avoid ‘mildew and black spot’ on roses [EXPERT] Mark also agreed that embellished clothing needs to be washed with care as he said: “Our slightly fancier clothes that are embellished with sequins, buttons or zips should always be washed with care. “This is because they are more likely to get caught in the machine or cause damage to other items in the washing load. “Any sequins and jewels on your clothing are particularly delicate, and may fall off during a cycle, getting lodged amongst other clothing and potentially clogging up the machine.” Similarly, baby socks can also get caught in the machine due to the size of them. Mark explained: “Baby socks are another example of smaller items that require attention when washing. “They have been known to get caught inside the draining vents which will then affect the efficiency of the machine. “In worst case scenarios, this can even cause the machine to flood and that is a problem many of us are keen to avoid.” For these smaller items homeowners still intend to machine wash, it’s a good idea to pop them into mesh bags during a wash cycle and this keeps them all together and stops you from losing sight as soon as they go in the machine. READ MORE: Plants to ‘avoid’ growing beside each other - ‘very bad idea!’ The expert also warned against putting ties in for a wash. He said: “Most ties are made from expensive fabrics that are delicate, like silk or wool, and run the risk of shrinking or losing their shape altogether. “These smaller items can also get trapped in the machine because of the speed of the spin cycle, so it’s easier to leave them out of your washing machine to save them from getting damaged or lost altogether.” Silk items may also need to be cleaned professionally in order for them to keep their shape. Mark said: “Silk items are an obvious example of delicates, and if possible, should never be put inside your washing machine. “The high temperatures and spin cycles can ruin the delicate fabric by causing it to tear or lose its shape, and there’s also a risk that the dye from coloured silks will stain the rest of your wash load.” The shape of bras can also get ruined when added to the washing machine. The laundry expert said: “There are a few risks involved when it comes to putting bras in the washing machine. “Not only can their under-wiring damage your washing machine’s tub, their clasps could also tear other delicate items in your laundry load. “Also, if the clasp gets caught inside the walls of your washing machine’s tub, your bras may stretch significantly during a cycle, which can damage their delicate materials and shape.” For those who don’t want their jeans to fade, they should avoid adding them to the wash load. Sam noted: “The quickest way to fade your jeans is by popping them in your washing machine. “Don’t wash them, pop them in a plastic bag and leave them in your freezer overnight. Yes, your freezer – it kills smelly bacteria leaving them fresh as a daisy.”