Mr Trump stood on stage in the Last Frontier state as he was joined by former Vice President candidate Sarah Palin and other prominent Alaskan Republicans. The 45th President used much of his 90-minute speech to assist Ms Palin in her bid to enter the House of Representatives as a GOP Congresswoman next month following the death of Don Young. However, standing behind a 'Save America' lectern, Mr Trump hinted he could stand in a third successive general election in two years' time.  He also continued to peddle the unfounded claim the 2020 US Presidential Election was rigged. Mr Trump lost to ex-Delaware Senator Joe Biden by 306 electoral college votes to 232. Mr Trump said: "I ran twice, I won twice. "I did much better the second time than I did first, believe it or not. "I got many millions more votes than we did in 2016 and likewise getting more votes than any sitting President in the history of our country by far. "And now with the approval of the great people of Alaska, we may have to do it again." JUST IN: 'I will never, ever ride a bicycle!' Trump mocks Joe Biden after US leader takes a tumble The crowd in Anchorage roared with delight at the suggestion Mr Trump could make a return to the White House. He later added: "In 2024, more importantly, we are going to take back our magnificent White House." The ex-POTUS made the trip to Alaska just one day after addressing supporters in Las Vegas, Nevada. Ms Palin, who served as Governor in Alaska from 2006 to 2009, also heaped the ex-President with praise as she encouraged fans to chant "four more years". However, Mr Trump took aim at Tesla chief Elon Musk. He said: "You know, he said the other day, 'Oh, I've never voted for a Republican. READ MORE: January 6 hearings torn apart and branded 'Soviet-style witch-hunt' "I said, I didn't know that, he told me he voted for me. "So, he's another b**t artist." Much of the rally was also spent swiping at Republicans who are less supportive of Mr Trump. The 45th President lambasted those who oppose him within the GOP as RINOs - 'Republicans in Name Only'. Speaking about Alaskan Senator Lisa Murkowski, Trump said: "She's worse than a Democrat." He added: "She’s a total creature of the Washington swamp but much worse than that, and a tool of a corrupt establishment, the likes of which we’ve never seen." DON'T MISS:GB News guest blasts Biden's capacity to lead after bike fall [REPORT]Prince William PENS heartfelt note to partner of cop killed in US riot [REPORT]'Clear danger' Trump to 'succeed in overturning' 2024 election [REPORT] Ms Murkowsi, who serves as Vice-Chair of the Senate Indian Affairs Committee, was one of seven Republican Senators to vote to convict Mr Trump of incitement of insurrection in his second impeachment trial in February 2021. Despite concerns about the January 6 riot, Mr Trump is leading Mr Biden in the opinion polls. A recent survey conducted by Harris Poll put the 45th President on 43 percent, three points ahead of his successor in the Oval Office. Such a lead would likely be enough for Mr Trump to flip the swing states of Arizona, Georgia, Michigan, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin back into the Republican column. Mr Trump has not officially declared whether or not he will enter the race to 270 for a third successive election but is reported to be mulling over plans to make an announcement later this month amid pressure from potential challenger and Florida Governor Ron DeSantis.