This Morning presenter Alison Hammond, left viewers in awe with her incredible weight loss transformation that focused on her diet and fitness. She revealed she had made a major change to her diet and upped her fitness, a combination she has been "doing for a while" in order to keep herself healthy. She tipped the scales at 20 stone when she was at her heaviest and decided to join WW (formerly Weight Watchers) to speed up the weight loss process. Alison became accustomed to consuming healthier meals and by exercising more, she started to notice a big difference. She even reversed her pre-diabetic condition with her drastic lifestyle change. The TV star said: "I'm no longer pre-diabetic, and I'm doing really well. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake "I’ve been doing that for a while now, and you know something? I feel fitter, I feel stronger. "I might not look perfect yet, but personally, I’m perfect, full stop," she beamed. After admitting in the past to being "embarrassed" of her size, the mum-of-one revealed losing weight had been something she had wanted to do for a long time. "I haven’t managed it on my own, so I went to my local workshop and met my lovely Wellness Coach Andrea and the rest is history," she wrote on Instagram. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] "I’m falling in love with the journey and hope you will support me as much as you can." Her new-found figure also give her a new lease of life, telling her social media fans: “I know this may sound a bit corny but I’m so happy doing @ww.uk as it’s given me the confidence to just embrace myself fully. "I never really liked my face without make-up as I have dark patches but now I’m totally loving myself and falling in love with me while I'm away on holiday. "I don’t have to have make-up to be beautiful because I’m beautiful full stop. Yes! Please join my crusade of loving yourself!” READ MORE: Michael Mosley weight loss: Remove three foods to stay slim Alison's new diet plan now consists of more fruit and vegetables. And she's upped her water intake having realised she was mistaking hunger for thirst. "I try to get through at least two litres of water every day now and that makes me feel so much better," she explained. Alongside her diet overhaul, Alison enlisted the help of a personal trainer who introduced her to a fitness routine that included weight lifting workouts. Official guidelines for adults in England recommend taking part in at least 150 minutes of moderate intensity physical activity each week, in bouts of 10 minutes or more. Alison explained: "I’m doing a bit more exercise. I now have a personal trainer and he’s amazing. "I work at my own pace – we do circuits and I absolutely love it."