EastEnders' Kheerat Panesar (played by Jaz Deol) has grown close with Ben Mitchell (Max Bowden) ever since the pair went into business together and he relied on the mechanic’s contacts to keep his brother Jags Panesar (Amar Adatia) safe in prison. However, the Panesar brother will live to regret his association with the Mitchell bad boy when his mother Suki Panesar (Balvinder Sopal) discovers the truth about her son’s death. In next week’s episodes, Suki invites Stacey Slater (Lacey Turner) to dinner to appease Kheerat. Stacey thinks it's a ruse and brings her kids along but is left red-faced when she realises Suki is trying. Kheerat is grateful to his mum when he arrives and feels hopeful his family won’t meddle in his new relationship. At The Arches, Kheerat is surprised to see Ben who is meant to be taking some time away from the business. He tries to offer him some advice but it’s clear Ben is in no mood to listen. Read more: EastEnders theory: Ben flees to avoid prison after assaulting Kathy Kheerat later spots Callum Highway (Tony Clay) and encourages him to speak to Ben. The next day, Ben wakes up in The Arches after taking drugs and tries to cover when Kheerat arrives. Kheerat has no idea Ben called off Jags’ protection in prison which subsequently led to his murder. Instead, the Panesar brother is convinced Ben did all he could to keep his brother safe. As he shares some sentimental words about their friendship, Ben struggles to contain his guilt. Once alone, Ben takes more drugs and bumps into Phil Mitchell (Steve McFadden) who expresses concern for his son. However, Ben dismisses his worries and causes a scene at Peggy’s. Kheerat realises Ben has taken something and takes him back to the Panesar’s to be checked over by Ash Panesar (Gurlaine Kaur Garcha). Ben refuses her help but as Kheerat continues to stand by his friend, the Mitchell bad boy lashes out. He tells the family he’s responsible for killing Jags by stopping his protection. The Panesar’s are understandably floored but how will they react to the devastating news? DON'T MISSEastEnders theory: Beloved family exit as death rocks Walford [INSIGHT]EastEnders theory: Grant Mitchell in dramatic return to Albert Square [THEORY]EastEnders theory: Zack Hudson and Phil Mitchell to join forces  [SPOILER] EastEnders fans will remember Suki framed Jags for Martin Fowler’s (James Bye) attack when Vinny Panesar (Shiv Jalota) was the true culprit. Suki handed in false evidence in a bid to keep control of Jags who had been growing close to Habiba Ahmed (Rukku Nahar). Meanwhile, when Jags found himself in danger in prison, Kheerat reached out to Ben for help but the Mitchell bad boy withdrew the protection when he spotted the businessman looking close with Sharon Mitchell (Letitia Dean). Could history repeat itself with Suki lashing out at her son and blaming Kheerat for Ben’s decision? Suki may feel threatened by Kheerat and Stacey’s relationship and orchestrate his death to stop him from turning his back on her. EastEnders fans know little about Suki’s husband but the Panesar’s do have connections in prison and the criminal underworld. Suki has enjoyed a tumultuous time in Walford after first arriving in the soap pretending to her family that she was suffering from terminal cancer. It’s evident she’s prepared to stoop low and could order an attack on her son which could get out of hand. Will Kheerat get caught in the crossfire of Suki’s power games? EastEnders airs on BBC One from Monday to Thursday at 7.30pm.