Tottenham boss Antonio Conte appears close to the squad he wants to start the new Premier League season following the arrivals of Ivan Perisic, Fraser Forster, Richarlison, Clement Lenglet and Yves Bissouma, but trimming down his options will also be on the agenda. Currently just Jack Clarke, Cameron Carter-Vickers and Steven Bergwijn are the only departures from Spurs this summer. A number of players such as Tanguy Ndombele, Giovani Lo Celso and Sergio Reguilon may also follow the trio out the door. But former Jose Mourinho favourite Japhet Tanganga also looks set to leave Tottenham in the next few weeks. Tanganga was given his full Premier League debut by Mourinho back in January 2020 and went on to become a regular for Spurs under the Portuguese coach. But a long-term injury curtailed his progress at Tottenham last season as he was ruled out for the final three months of the campaign. The 23-year-old appeared to be in Conte's plans when the Italian first arrived back in November with Tanganga playing in six of his first 10 games in charge. But the knee injury saw Conte forced to look elsewhere and now it appears as though Tanganga will be forced to find regular football elsewhere.  According to Calciomercato, AC Milan are stepping up their efforts to sign the versatile defender. The report claims that Milan and Tanganga's representatives will meet 'in the next few days' to discuss personal terms. It is said that a loan deal is the most likely outcome with Tottenham keen to keep a close eye on his development. But the loan deal will also have two main clauses involved in an intricate agreement between both clubs.  Milan are supposedly seeking first refusal on making Tanganga's potential loan move permanent next summer. And Tottenham also want a buy-back clause inserted into any agreement should Milan follow through in trying to sign Tanganga. Should Milan succeed in prising Tanganga away from north London, he will join fellow Englishman Fikayo Tomori. The former Chelsea defender impressed in his first full season at Milan as he became a regular starter and helped the Italian side win their first Scudetto in 11 years. He's also now put himself in strong contention to be a part of Gareth Southgate's England squad for this year's World Cup in Qatar.