As the sun comes out, so too do barbecues across the UK. But many aspects of enjoying dinner outdoors make for a messy dining experience and some difficult-to-remove stains. Some of the most common of these include grease, beer, ketchup and mustard, all of which can leave unsightly marks on your clothes and upholstery. However, according to Dean Davides, a professional cleaner at Fantastic Services, there are some easy laundry hacks that can banish stubborn stains without the need for expensive cleaning products. In fact, you might already have the answer to your stain woes tucked away in your kitchen cupboard. READ MORE: Easy ways to clean stubborn stains from grout without bleach Whether you're the chef cooking up a storm, or are tucking into some particularly oily sausages, a few splashes of grease could result in a stubborn stain. However, according to Mr Davides, baking soda could be the solution. He told Express.co.uk: "The easy way to get rid of oily stains is to apply a baking soda solution to the stained area. "To make the paste, mix water and baking soda in a proportionate ratio. "Once you have applied the solution, let it sit for 10 minutes." If you are cleaning upholstery, vacuum away the powder, or for fabric simply dust away. READ MORE:How to save your lawn without watering: 6 steps to ‘promote growth’ Use baking soda to banish grease stains Whether you're the chef cooking up a storm, or are tucking into some particularly oily sausages, a few splashes of grease could result in a stubborn stain. However, according to Mr Davides, baking soda could be the solution. He told Express.co.uk: "The easy way to get rid of oily stains is to apply a baking soda solution to the stained area. "To make the paste, mix water and baking soda in a proportionate ratio. "Once you have applied the solution, let it sit for 10 minutes." If you are cleaning upholstery, vacuum away the powder, or for fabric simply dust away.  A baking soda paste helps draw the stain out of the fabric to be trapped and held in the baking soda. As the paste dries, it draws out the stain. The alkaline pH of baking soda also helps remove stains which are made up of acidic compounds. Baking soda is also abrasive, which gives it the grit to dislodge particles and remove stains. If baking soda doesn't work, Mr Davides recommends using dish soap. You might be more accustomed to ice cubes being in your drink than being used to clean one up, but according to Mr Davides, they work wonders to lift beer stains. He explained: "For beer stains, try rubbing the stain with an ice cube while adding liquid detergent or dish soap to a cup full of warm water. "Use the mixture to blot the stain with a paper towel." DON'T MISSInside the gorgeous country home of Amanda Owen [REVEALED]Should you open your loft hatch during hot weather? [EXPLAINER]I used baking soda to whiten and remove stains from my towel - results [INSIGHT] Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea  Ketchup and mustard spills aren't uncommon at a barbecue, but can be a nightmare to scrub out of fabric. Instead of tackling the stain with elbow grease, which could make matters worse, Mr Davides recommends using a knife to "dull" as much of the condiment as possible. He continued: "Next, blot the area with a damp cloth. "To remove the stain, pour some cold water on it with dishwashing liquid. "Blot with a towel until the spot is gone. "If there's still some colour, prepare a mixture of one teaspoon ammonia and a half cup of cold water. "Blot the ammonia solution with a cloth and rinse with clean water." The same method can be used for mustard, however, you should use warm water instead of cold. 