Dick Strawbridge and his wife Angel Adoree swapped their Southend flat for a 19th Century chateau in France in 2015 and haven't looked back since. Escape to the Chateau follows their DIY journey as they continue to renovate the once derelict property, transforming it into a beautiful home for them and their young children, Arthur and Dorothy. The Channel 4 docu-series delves into both their almighty home project as well as their lives as a family. Dick Strawbridge is one of seven children, the third eldest, born to parents Jennifer and George Strawbridge. While he was born in Myanmar (formerly Burma) in Southeast Asia, Dick and the rest of his siblings were raised in County Antrim, Northern Ireland. He has four sisters and two younger brothers who were raised almost single-handedly by their mum. The family's dad was reportedly often away for months at a time as he worked in the oil industry. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Faith Dingle unveils tragic family secret Very few details are known about Dick's sisters but more is known about his brothers David and Bobby. Dick appeared as an engineering and environmental expert on various TV shows in the late 1990s, including Scrapheap Challenge. He went on to appear as a contestant, alongside his brothers, making up the team Brothers in Arms, who won the trophy in season three. They also went on to win the Junkyard Megawars trophy in 2003 and Dick later replaced Robert Llewellyn as the main presenter. Dick and his brothers were all military men as well so they shared a very special bond. The Escape to the Chateau star was a Colonel when they featured on Scrapheap Challenge and went on to become a Lieutenant Colonel in 2001 in the Royal Corps of Signals. His brother David was in the Royal Engineers while Bobby followed in his famous brother's footsteps and joined the Royal Corps of Signals. One of his siblings recently paid Dick and Angel a visit to their wonderful chateau. DON'T MISS...Wimbledon viewers in tears over Sue Barker tribute [REACTION]Why did Escape to the Chateau star Dick Strawbridge leave the army? [EXPLAINER]Escape to the Chateau's Dick and Angel celebrate family reunion [CAST] Taking to Twitter, Dick shared a picture of himself alongside his brother Bobby, his wife and Arthur and Dorothy. The tweet from Escape to the Chateau's official Twitter account reads: "A couple of weekends ago, the Strawbridge's had a visit from Dick's younger brother! "Bobby and Andrea hadn't visited The Chateau since Dick and Angel's wedding - so they were busy making up for lost time!" Naturally, fans were delighted to see Dick spending time with his loved ones. One fan commented: "Lovely family photo hope they had a good stay and catch up, always nice to see family." A second tweeted: "Family visits are special, as Angela would say, she really does say 'special' a lot." Others also added how "grown-up" Arthur and Dorothy looked and pointed out how they were "all about family". Escape to the Chateau is available to watch on All4.