Attorney General for England and Wales, Suella Braverman discussed the mass resignations of Conservative ministers from the British Government with journalist Nick Robinson. Ms Braverman revealed her planned bid to become the next British Prime Minister. Mr Robinson mocked her plans to become the next leader of the Conservative party and stated that she had never run a Government department. Due to the mass exodus of Conservative ministers from Government, and Boris Johnson's ousting as Prime Minister, many Conservative ministers have been announcing their aspirations to take his place. Mr Robinson said: "And you said that you want to be the next leader of the Conservative party. "Which would mean to state the obvious that you would be the next Prime Minister, you've never run a Government department it's quite something to say. "Make me Prime Minister during a major European war, and during an economic crisis." Ms Braverman told Radio 4s Today programme: "Well I have run a Government department, I run the Attorney General's Office. "And in my role, I superintend the Crown Prosecution Service a key agency of law enforcement that employs thousands of people and has very wide-ranging responsibilities."    JUST IN: 'Bye Boris!' PMQs stream cut short as MPs shout at Johnson     Many Britons are waiting to see who will replace Mr Johnson. And other Conservative MPs have been expressing a similar sentiment as Ms Braverman. MP Steve Barker openly discussed his bid to become the next Prime Minister and there is speculation as to whether ex-Chancellor Rishi Sunak and former minister Sajid Javid will do the same and throw their hats into the leadership race. Other political experts and members of the opposition party Labour have been calling for a snap election. READ MORE:'We're going to see a lot more unrest' Vine panellist warns of further protests      Leader of the Labour party Sir Keir Starmer released a statement following the announcement that Prime Minister Boris Johnson will resign today. Sir Keir Starmer wrote: "It is good news for the country that Boris Johnson has resigned as Prime Minister. "But it should have happened long ago, he was always unfit for office, he has been responsible for lies scandal and fraud on an industrial scale. "And all of those who have been complicit should be utterly ashamed.    DON’T MISS: 'It's over, isn't it?' Nadhim Zahawi finds out another minister has quit live on air[INSIGHT] ‘I personally have lost confidence in the Prime Minister’ Another Tory MP savages Boris [REVEAL] 'Blistering' Beijing blasted as MI5 and FBI warn China poses 'game-changing challenge' [SPOTLIGHT]      The leader of the Labour party added: "The Tory party have inflicted chaos upon the country during the worst cost of living crisis in decades, and cannot now pretend they are the ones to sort it out. "They have been in power for 12 years. "The damage they have done is profound, 12 years of economic stagnation, 12 years of declining public services, 12 years of empty promises. "Enough is enough, we don't need to change the Tory party at the top-we need a proper change of Government." 