Arsenal are in the market for a full-back this summer but could miss out on Lisandro Martinez to Manchester United. Martinez is their top defensive target in this window and his versatility is an attraction to Mikel Arteta. The Athletic claims Arsenal see the 23-year-old primarily as a left-back. Martinez can also play in the middle of defence and defensive midfield. The Gunners have seen one bid turned down by Ajax and have submitted a new proposal worth an initial £35million. But the same report says United are in advanced talks over a deal for Martinez. Arsenal therefore may have to look elsewhere for a left-back, especially if Nuno Tavares leaves the club. Express Sport looks at four different options for Arteta. READ MORE: Arsenal and Man Utd have bargain striker option as once most-wanted star is now free agent  Benfica star Grimaldo has emerged as a target for the Gunners. Portuguese outlet Record claims Arsenal have already made contact with both the club and the player's agent, with a fee of at least £6million needed. The 26-year-old former Spain under-21 international has spent the majority of his professional career at Benfica after coming through the ranks at Barcelona but is out of contract in 2023. Tavares was understudy to Grimaldo at Benfica and could be replaced by him at the Emirates. Manchester City star Zinchenko was linked with the Gunners earlier this summer. Like Martinez, the Ukraine star has the ability to play in a number of positions. Zinchenko can play in midfield for Arteta but also fill in at left-back if and when Kieran Tierney is unavailable. He has plenty of Premier League experience behind him and, at 25, has the best years of his career ahead of him. DON'T MISSLeeds close in on sealing £32m replacement for Kalvin Phillips as Man City medical setChelsea options if Barcelona steal Raphinha signing including key Arsenal manTottenham doctors 'preparing another medical' as Antonio Conte has staff on overtime  Brentford star Henry has not been linked with a move to Arsenal yet. However, the Bees look set to seal a deal for Bologna star Aaron Hickey, according to transfer expert Fabrizio Romano. Hickey has also been linked with Arsenal but Brentford have stepped in to strike an agreement with Bologna. Henry proved in his first season in the Premier League that he is more than capable at this level but may not be cheap having only signed a new four-year contract in March. Sousa is not a name many will have heard of. The 17-year-old joined Arsenal from West Brom in January and became a part of their Premier League 2 and under-18 sides. Sousa has impressed in his appearances to date and also featured in a behind closed doors friendly for the first team against Brentford's B team in March. Arteta may not want to throw the teenager in just yet but signing another left-back could stunt his progress moving forward. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 