 Carers Allowance is paid to people who provide care for a disabled person for at least 35 hours a week and if people are eligible it could add an extra £3,624 a year to their household budget. To claim the support, people need to be 16 years of age or over, not in full-time education, and not earning more than £132 a week from employment or self-employment. This is after deductions for income tax, National Insurance and for pensions.     The person who is being cared for must also be claiming one of the “qualifying benefits”. These include Attendance Allowance, Constant Attendance Allowance, Disability Living Allowance, Personal Independence Payment (PIP) or Armed Forces Independence Payment. Carer's Allowance is currently paid at £69.70 each week and claimants can choose to be paid weekly in advance or every four weeks. This will give a person £278.80 each payment period. READ MORE: State pension payments may hit over £200 per week next year     If people claim income-related Employment and Support Allowance (ESA) and Universal Credit as well as Carers Allowance, their payments will be reduced by the amount of Carers allowance they receive. Under the “overlapping benefits” rules, people are not entitled to receive Carers Allowance if they claim certain other benefits. These included the contribution-based Employment and Support Allowance, Incapacity Benefit and Maternity Allowance. People also cannot claim if they receive Bereavement or widow’s benefits, or contribution-based Jobseeker’s Allowance. If the person who is being cared for claims Severe Disability Premium (SDP) then this payment of £69.40 a week could be stopped when Carer’s Allowance has been claimed.      A person will only receive Severe Disability Premium if they live alone, receive means-tested income, receive the care component of Disability Living Allowance (DLA), or receive the daily living component of PIP. Other means-tested benefits such as Income Support, Pension Credit, Housing Benefit, and Council Tax Reduction, that are claimed by the person who is being cared for will also be affected. This is because the Government classes Carer's Allowance as income in regards to working out the means-tested benefits. In regards to the State Pension, there is no upper age limit for claiming Carer's Allowance, however, people cannot receive the full amount of both Carer's Allowance and a State Pension at the same time. READ MORE: National Insurance tax cut worth £330 secured as threshold rises     This is due to the overlapping benefits rules. However, if a person’s State Pension is less than £69.70 per week, they can get the difference paid in Carer's Allowance. For example, if the State Pension is £50 per week people can get £19.70 per week in Carer's Allowance. If it is more than no claim can be made, however, Britons could still be able to claim “underlying entitlement” to Carer's Allowance. This could increase any means-tested benefits a person is getting, or it could mean that they become entitled to means-tested benefits for the first time. Having an “underlying entitlement” to Carer's Allowance means that an amount called the Carer Addition will be included when working out whether the person is entitled to means-tested benefits.    The Carer Addition is £38.85 per week. If the carer also claims Working Tax Credit or Child Tax Credit then they must contact HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) to tell them about the allowance claim. To make a claim for Carer’s Allowance, Britons will need their bank or building society details, their employment details and the latest payslip if they're working, or if they have finished work they must also have their P45. Carers will also need to provide details about their expenses such as pension contributions or costs of caring for children or the disabled person whilst they work, and those who are studying must also provide their course details.