Hulu’s dystopian drama The Handmaid’s Tale will premiere on Wednesday, September 14. The show is also expected to be airing in the UK on Channel 4 but fans on this side of the Atlantic will be in for a bit of a wait. Here’s a look at the episode count and release schedule for the upcoming cycle. The Handmaid’s Tale will consist of 10 episodes - much like the first and fourth outings of the drama. Hulu is likely to be dropping the first three instalments on the date of the premiere (September 14) to whet fans’ appetites, much like it did with series four. Episodes are expected to air on a weekly basis thereafter with fans hooked and eagerly awaiting the next instalment. Channel 4 is expected to be the British broadcaster for The Handmaid’s Tale season five after airing the fourth series in 2021. READ MORE: The Handmaid's Tale season 5: Release date, cast, trailer, plot Season four premiered on Hulu on April 27, 2021 and finished screening on June 16. Channel 4 then started airing season four from June 20, once the original transmission was completed in America. Depending on the broadcasting agreements in place, season five is likely to follow a similar pattern to its predecessor with UK-based fans having to avoid social media for spoilers. Express.co.uk has approached Channel 4 for further details about the British broadcast of season five. Season five appears to mark a shift for the show with June Osborne (played by Elisabeth Moss) trying to fight Serena Joy (Yvonne Strahovski) and Gilead from Canada. June will also be dealing with the consequences of murdering Commander Fred Waterford (Joseph Fiennes) with Gilead baying for blood. Additionally, June and her husband Luke Bankole (O.T. Fagbenle) will be feeling the influence of Gilead starting to creep into Canada, much to their dismay. June, Luke and Moira Strand (Samira Wiley) will be trying to get Hannah Bankole (Jordana Blake) back from Gilead. Meanwhile, in Gilead, Commander Lawrence (Bradley Whitford) is going to be working with Aunt Lydia (Ann Dowd) to reform Gilead. DON'T MISS...The Handmaid’s Tale: Where is June's daughter Hannah? [EXPLAINER]What happens to Serena Joy? Will she be killed? [ANALYSIS]The Handmaid's Tale: Why are Aunts the only women allowed to read? [INSIGHT] While there’s been no official announcement on whether season five will be the last outing for The Handmaid’s Tale, the show does seem to be coming to a conclusion of sorts with June’s story. Previously speaking about ending the Emmy-winning show, Hulu executive Jordan Helman said: “The success of The Handmaid’s Tale remains paramount for us.” He continued: “That said, what is also most important to us is that we close out that show in creative fashion that feels organic so we are in constant communication, literally right now, talking with Bruce [Miller], Lizzie [Moss] and Warren [Littlefield], about what the best way to end The Handmaid’s Tale is.” Helman added to Deadline in 2021: “We haven’t landed on an answer… I imagine we’re going to be able to answer that question in the coming months.” Given this was a year ago, it seems highly likely Hulu would have made a decision but it could be a while before fans find out what this is. The other factor is Margaret Atwood’s sequel to The Handmaid’s Tale, The Testaments which charts the fall of Gilead. The second novel focuses on different narrators with June - the narrator of The Handmaid’s Tale - no longer in the picture as well as a time jump between the novels. There’s already been an announcement confirming The Testaments is going to be adapted by the same production company behind The Handmaid’s Tale, which could suggest the parent series will be ending soon to allow the final chapter to be told. The Handmaid’s Tale season 5 premieres on Hulu on September 14