And wielding that soft power this week she delivered a polite but very determined sucker punch to those Scottish Nationalists who want to break up her beloved union. No one had expected her to make an appearance in Scotland, even though she visits every year, because for months she's had mobility issues and has been cancelling appearances, even some incredibly big ones during the Platinum Jubilee celebrations. But this week she surprised everyone by stepping off the royal train in Edinburgh - unaided - for the annual Ceremony of the Keys. At 96, she looked gorgeous in her lilac coat and hat, she was wreathed in smiles and seemed to be on tip-top form. And, without saying a single word about referendums or independence, she slapped down those nasty Nats who are always screaming that they don't want the Queen in Scotland because "the union is dead". But then, they are too thick to realise that every vile insult they spew at the Queen, every glob of bile they heap upon her, will strengthen that union. Decent people will look at those bad-mouthing a woman who has dedicated her life to the British people for 70 years and realise they don't want that rabble running their country. Nicola Sturgeon, of course, must have been livid about the Queen's visit because it entirely overshadowed her announcement about her "pretend" referendum in 2023. I say pretend because unless Boris agrees to let her have one - and he won't - it will be illegal. But Nicola has her Nationalist fundamentalists to appease and so she has to spend money the Scottish Government doesn't have playing the "Let's leave the UK" game while her country's economy crumbles. Thanks to the Queen, Wee Jimmy Krankie's big announcement went virtually unnoticed because all eyes were on Elizabeth R. And without having said a single word, Her Majesty made her views on independence and her beloved Scotland very clear - something those foaming-at-the-mouth Nats should be worried about, because people will heed Her Maj. Just before the last referendum in 2014 (the one the SNP promised would be a "once in a generation thing") the Queen was overheard talking to people who'd gathered outside Crathie Kirk, near Balmoral. Who knows whether she wanted her comments to be heard or repeated, but she told waiting wellwishers: "Well, I hope people will think carefully about the future." They did, and the vote went overwhelmingly in favour of the union. And I'm pretty sure it will again. In the past year there have been 23 polls on independence and only two of them have put the Nats in the lead. The rest put the union 5, 6, 7 points ahead. I was sure that after the Queen's visit it would be even more. And it was. Taking out the "Don't Knows", a poll on Thursday said 54 per cent were in favour of staying and just 46 per cent wanted to leave. So nothing much has changed since 2014. And that's the power of our Queen. As for Sturgeon, her obsession with independence has made her an ineffective leader, a truth borne out by the fact that both Scotland's health service and its education system are in the toilet and it has the worst drug deaths in Europe. Thanks to her, Scotland is currently incapable of being independent. But she's already said if a second referendum happens and it fails she'll have a third. If ever you needed proof she and the SNP spit on democracy - this is it. The people speak - and she ignores them. I'm hoping tens of thousands of Halifax customers have closed their accounts in protest this week after some wetbehind-the-ears Generation Z numpty in the social media department tweeted that if customers didn't like the bank's new gender pronoun staff badges they could close their accounts and shove off. When are companies going to get it? Go woke, go broke! And who are Halifax bosses trying to please here? Certainly not the vast majority of their customers who don't want to be insulted, patronised or told how to behave by a bunch of bank tellers who should be looking after our money, not foisting their ideologies onto us. It's bad enough we have to put up with shoddy service, branch closures and pathetic interest rates. But lectures about gender identify as well? I don't think so! Emma Raducanu said a few weeks ago that tennis wasn't the be-all and end-all of her life. Which probably explains why she crashed out of Wimbledon in the second round. In the match with France's Caroline Garcia, Raducanu was decked out in £36,000 worth of Tiffany jewellery - she's just become their £2million poster girl. Afterwards, she tried to put a positive spin on her defeat: "There's no pressure, I'm only 19." I'm sorry but there aren't any positives to losing. And she's doing that quite a lot lately. And whoever is telling her that losing doesn't matter is an idiot who has no place in competitive sport. If Emma Raducanu doesn't care about winning matches or trophies she should get out and make room for someone who does. Maybe if she'd spent less time modelling and making millions from sponsorships and endorsements this last year, and more time on her tennis, she might not now be in the humiliating position of looking like a has-been at 19. Good on Amanda Holden for saying: "I like being wolf-whistled by builders and tooted when I'm out walking the dog." In a chat with Woman's Weekly magazine, she says: "I still want to get wolf whistled in my 70s. And I don't care if it's sexist." Finally a common-sense approach to something that for women is at best flattering and at worst a bit of an irritant. It doesn't debase, intimidate or patronise women to be whistled at. It's just a bloke saying "Wow". Now, if the bloke comes too close, if he gets leery, if he tries to touch you, that's a whole different ball game. He'd need biffing. But if he's just showing appreciation from afar, then let's take it for what it is - a compliment!  Liam Gallagher has spent his whole life shouting, swearing, playing the rebel and being rude to people - especially his brother. So it was a bit of a surprise to see the man who's told almost everyone alive to ***giving an interview to pensioners' bible Reader's Digest and signing up to be the new face of Clarks shoes. How can it be that the big rock'n'roll rebel is reduced to advertising "sensible" footwear? Don't get me wrong, I love Clarks but never in a million years could they be described as cool. But whatever reputation they currently have - I suspect gobby Gallagher might be about to trash it.