Nick Kyrgios is no stranger to the cut-throat world of professional tennis – but even that is nothing compared to his latest encounter while holidaying in the Bahamas. While enjoying time on the beach with girlfriend Costeen Hatzi, the Wimbledon finalist came face-to-face with a shark. A video posted to Instagram shows the tennis star taking part in a live act with several other people close to the ocean. He is handed a rope, and it soon becomes apparent that a shark is attached to the other end. Several of the magnificent creatures can be seen swimming around in the shallows of the crystal-clear water. But there were no nerves on display from Kyrgios who, dressed casually in a basketball top and a backwards hat, did not flinch even with one of the sharks writhing violently just a few feet away. Attached to the end of the ropes are chunks of meat for the sharks to feed on. Kyrgios is a known animal lover and was apparently keen to play his part with this particular conservation effort, under the watchful eye of experienced locals who are used to handling the powerful sea creatures. JUST IN: Federer Grand Slam concerns raised after icon drops retirement clue And it wasn't just sea life that became acquainted with Kyrgios and girlfriend Hatzi. Further footage and photos showed them cuddling piglets that wander the beach and feeding fruit to some very exciteable-looking iguanas. The happy couple looked like they were loving life as they got away from the tennis world and the controversy that was stoked up by the Australian at Wimbledon. He was a fans' favourite, but incurred the wrath of tournament officials on more than one occasion. Kyrgios got into trouble after swearing in front of the Royal Box during the final, after which he was slapped with a fine. And throughout the competition he flouted the All England Club's strict all-white dress code by donning a bright red hat on several occasions. DON'T MISS:Tennis accused of being lenient on Russia as top boss claims 'big win'Venus Williams snubs top tennis stars with 'best friends' selectionRoger Federer gives verdict on 'Big Four' linking up at Laver Cup It was that very same hat that he was wearing while meeting sharks and iguanas in the Bahamas, looking like he didn't have a care in the world. He may have lost the Wimbledon final to Novak Djokovic, but he made history by reaching the final as an unseeded player – and it is his best ever result in a Grand Slam. Victories over Brit Paul Jubb and Filip Krajinovic in the early rounds set up a third round tie against Stefanos Tsitsipas. It would not have been a surprise had Kyrgios lost to the fourth seed, but the Australian came back from a set down to earn a statement victory. Brandon Nakashima and Cristian Garin were next to fall, setting up a mouth-watering semi-final between Kyrgios and Rafael Nadal. The Spaniard was forced to pull out through injury, depriving fans of what would likely have been a thrilling encounter, but there was still plenty of entertainment on offer in the final, even if Djokovic did come out on top over four sets.