Eleanor Tomlinson, 30, has shocked fans with snaps uploaded to her Instagram revealing a glimpse at her secret wedding to her now-husband Will Owen. The star was seen dressed in a stunning white silk wedding gown in a picturesque location as she wed her rugby player beau. In the caption to the post she wrote: “When a Miss becomes a Mrs.  “I love you. The best weekend of our lives.  “The biggest thank you to all our family and friends and of course to you, @pronovias , @euridge_ and @debeersofficial.”  It comes after the couple sparked engagement rumours back in November after Eleanor was spotted with a huge diamond ring on her wedding finger.  More to follow... READ MORE: Jeremy Vine's Storm Huntley welcomes baby boy and fans ‘love his name'  On the occasion, the actress was seen looking glamorous as she wore a plunging black jumpsuit.  She was pictured alongside her partner Will, who plays centre back for Coventry Rugby.  Sources at the time claimed the Poldark star was “absolutely smitten” with her new beau.  It comes after the actress faced heartache in 2018, as she had split from Poldark co-star Harry Richardson. Eleanor announced in an Instagram post from February this year that she had a new man in her life, posting a loved-up selfie with Will.  A source told The Sun: “The pair have been seeing each other for quite a few months and are absolutely ­smitten.”  “She gets on really well with his family and they decided to be together with them during quarantine.  “It's been a while since her last boyfriend. She took her time, didn't rush into anything and she really thinks things can go far with Will who is a proper man's man.” DON'T MISS... Eamonn Holmes feared he wouldn’t return to TV over chronic pain [UPDATE]Drew Barrymore, 47, puts on dazzling display at Dolce & Gabbana event [INSIGHT]Carol Vorderman, 61, wows in figure-hugging leopard print leggings [ANALYSIS] The star also explained she'd been spending a lot of time with Will's family as they had isolated together during the COVID-19 lockdown.  She told the Overrated podcast earlier this year: “We're just having a real laugh. Just sitting out in the garden doing a lot of drinking.”  Eleanor recently starred in BBC One dark comedy The Outlaws.  The show focuses on seven strangers forced together to complete a community payback sentence in Bristol. In the show, Eleanor plays Gabby, an “aristocratic celebutante whose glamour and life of leisure masks deep-rooted problems”, according to the show makers.  In a November interview with Mail Online, she said of her character: “Gabby is a social-media influencer with a drink and drug problem.  “She is wild and uncontrollable and, without being unkind, blissfully unaware of the lives of others around her, which makes her outrageously funny to play.”