Chelsea have agreed personal terms with Wesley Fofana as they prepare to potentially launch a move for the Leicester centre-back, according to reports from France. The ball-playing defender has slowly worked his way towards the top of Thomas Tuchel's shortlist after the Blues saw their £55million move for Jules Kounde hijacked. Fofana enjoyed a spellbinding debut Premier League campaign following his 2020 move from Saint-Etienne before he suffered a broken leg this time last year in Leicester's pre-season friendly against Villarreal. But since then, Fofana has begun to show his class again after returning for the final months of the 2020/21 campaign. Chelsea are now considering a swoop for the 21-year-old as Tuchel targets another central defender to play alongside Kalidou Koulibaly and Thiago Silva. According to French journalist Ignazio Genuardi, Fofana already has an agreement with Chelsea on personal terms. READ MORE: Chelsea identify next three transfer targets after Jules Kounde deal hijacked by Barcelona There is, however, plenty left to do if Chelsea are to strike an overall agreement with Leicester over the transfer with the Foxes determined to resist a sale. Leicester do not even want to entertain offers for the player and it's believed only an offer close to £70m would change the picture. Brendan Rodgers are yet to make a signing and do need to raise funds but Fofana is not a player they plan on parting company with. Fabrizio Romano recently provided an update on the future of the young Chelsea target as the Italian transfer expert outlined the potential hurdles the Blues could face. READ MOREChelsea can strike even better deal after £55m Jules Kounde transfer frustrationJules Kounde posts mysterious message as Chelsea fight off Barcelona for £55m transferChelsea can capitalise on cut-price transfer if Leicester block Wesley Fofana deal “I have one to clarify; Fofana from Leicester. He’s a guy really appreciated by Thomas Tuchel,” Romano said in his latest YouTube video. “This is the truth. He’s one of many players that Thomas Tuchel would love but at the same point, there is something to mention; Leicester really hope to keep the player, they want to keep the player, so it’s not going to be an easy one. Also, the player recently extended his contract with Leicester." Chelsea do have other alternative targets on their radar that could be explored if a move for Fofana fails to come off. They can include Bayern Munich's Benjamin Pavard, who can also slot in at right-back and right wing-back. He is considered to be for sale, while Milan Skriniar could also be transferred from Inter Milan this summer. Inter are looking to raise cash in order to balance their books but they would be after a bumper £60m fee in order to strike an agreement. Chelsea had previously been in the running for Presnel Kimpembe, who now looks set to stay at Paris Saint-Germain. Kimpembe had previously played under Tuchel at PSG but the German is now working on other potential defensive signings.