During season two of the Channel 5 series, All Creatures Great and Small, Helen Alderson (played by Rachel Shenton) and James Herriot (Nicholas Ralph) finally took their relationship to the next level and had their first kiss on the roof of Heston Grange. Helen was grieving her mother's death when James took his chance after comforting her. Rachel and Nicholas recently opened up about the pair's first kiss, with Rachel revealing some inside jokes about Nicholas' dancing. When asked whether they had a favourite scene from the second season, Rachel revealed: "I really liked the car with the clumsy proposal, I liked the roof, and I loved the dancing in episode two when they had a good time together for the first time." Agreeing with the rooftop scene, Nicholas explained: "The dancing was so much fun. We only got it the night before, so I managed to get Rach into the steps the night before." Rachel teased: "Don’t even listen to that. I was dragging him around!" Defending his dancing techniques, Nicholas told PBS Masterpiece: "I had to ask if I could stop stepping on her toes because I stepped on them a few times. READ MORE: Why did Aunt Joan leave Doc Martin? "One time, I think I got you quite good, and she let me have it with her heel! So I was like, 'Can I stop standing on her toes now?' Her poor little feet." Rachel admitted: "We would practice outside when we could to try and get that right because it was a really long scene. "And we had to dance for the whole of the scene, so it was like a good two and a half minutes of rotating." Touching on Helen and James' first kiss, Nicholas described the scene as "beautiful" and shared: "I think it’s a really beautiful moment and scene, with the whole thing. "Within that moment, there’s no acting required because Rach does it so beautifully. Yeah, very little acting required on my part because you've moved, and you've touched, and you’re transported, and you can see everything she’s talking about." Thanking her co-star Rachel commented: "That’s very kind of you, thank you," to which Nicholas ruined the moment and joked: "You told me to say that." Continuing the joke, Rachel quipped: "And I just wired you that money as well, so appreciate that." "No, it was great, and that was one of my favourite moments. I think what’s really nice about this relationship and what I’ve always enjoyed is that James offers a safe space for Helen to be vulnerable. DON'T MISS...All Creatures Great and Small star shares hopes for James and Helen [LATEST]All Creatures Great and Small: Can you stay at Skeldale House? [INSIGHT]All Creatures Great and Small boss teases 'change' for residents  [WATCH] "She doesn’t really have the opportunity to do that anywhere else. When she’s at home, she’s taken on a parental role with her sister, and her dad doesn’t really have the emotional toolbox to deal with a grieving woman or somebody who’s quite vulnerable, so she doesn’t have an outlet. "I think that what’s so nice for Helen meeting James is that he’s unassuming, he’s fresh, he’s from somewhere else, he doesn’t know everybody that she grew up with, and there’s no judgement, so she’s safe to be a bit more vulnerable. "Nice things happen when people are a bit more vulnerable, I think, and the relationship and what blossoms is really a testament to James holding space for that." Season three of the series is set to air later this year, with fans excited to see where James and Helen are in their lives, as a wedding is on the horizon. Meanwhile, alongside Helen and James, the rest of the residents of Skeldale House are adjusting to the new format of their living situation as Helen moves in. Amongst the new dynamic, a second war is looming over their heads, with Mrs Hall (Anna Madely) and Seigfried Farnon (Samuel West) knowing what lies ahead. Producer Ben Vanstone told The Mirror: "In season three, Helen and James have become engaged, so I think it’s fair to say there may be a marriage on the horizon, perhaps. It's 1939, so it will come as no surprise that war is looming, and that will increasingly cast a shadow over our characters’ lives. "Ultimately, our show is about Darrowby and the world of the Yorkshire Dales and the farmers within it." All Creatures Great and Small Season 1-2 are available to watch on My5.