Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall turns 75 on July 17. To celebrate, she appeared in a new snap wearing a blue floral dress. The picture showed the future Queen Consort sat at a garden table. It was taken at her country home in Wiltshire. In front of her is a mug and a bowl of peaches, grown in her own garden. Camilla looks directly at the camera and smiled in the new snaps. READ MORE: Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall steps out in bright blue coat - pictures For the photo, she wore a long sleeved blue dress. It had a lighter blue, purple, black and white pattern across it. Camilla's dress is believed to be from Sophie Dundas. Similar designs are on sale for around £145.  The gown was slightly low cut at the front, revealing a silver pendant. She dressed up the look with a selection of other jewellery. Prince Charles' wife wore two gold bracelets. Camilla is rarely seen without an array of bracelets and they are thought to have a special meaning. READ MORE: A look at Camilla's £850,000 luxurious gardens in Wiltshire - pictures She often wears charm bracelets, including a gift from Prince Charles. Speaking on the jewels, Charlotte White, Head of Design at 77 Diamonds, Europe’s largest online jeweller told Express.co.uk: “Camilla absolutely loves jewellery. “On formal occasions, she regularly dons opulent necklaces encrusted with gemstones." She added: "The pandemic has heralded an emphasis on daywear and some of Camilla’s notable everyday pieces carry special significance, offering us a small glimpse into what she holds dear.” The royal also wore a pair of gold and pearl drop earrings. Camilla styled her short locks into her signature flicked blow dry. She opted for a natural make up look, with a pink lip gloss and slick of eyeshadow. Royal fans shared their appreciation of the pictures. Posting on Twitter one wrote: "Happy Birthday Your Royal Highness Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall. You are truly an inspiration with the amazing and noteworthy causes you champion #DuchessOfCornwall." Another user 'Cedric' stated: "Wishing you a very happy birthday HRH, lovely photo." 'LoDeCannes' added: "Sooo Nice! You are beautiful." 'Cambridge Dearly' said: "Beautiful picture of Camilla! Happy 75th birthday!"