In 2019, Prince Andrew sat down with journalist Emily Maitlis for a bombshell interview all about his alleged involvement in the Virginia Giuffre scandal. The royal has vehemently denied the accusations. Despite agreeing to pay a settlement fee to bring the US civil case against him to a close, it has now been suggested by The Sunday Times royal commentator Roya Nikkhah that the that the interview will "never go away" and will forever "hang over" the Duke and the rest of the Royal Family. Speaking on the latest episode of Royal Beat, Ms Nikkhah said: "It's a nightmare for them. "You can have all the settlements you like, that settlement done and dusted, everything's done. "It's never going to go away." She added: "People will always want to reinterpret it, dramatise it, the photographs are out there. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry ‘got very lucky’ with Netflix deal - 'Would be near impossible today' "It's always going to be the thing that hangs over the Duke of York and the rest of the family." Andrew’s interview with Emily was widely regarded as disastrous. The interview saw Andrew answer allegations that he had sex with a trafficked 17-year-old girl – which he has always denied. He also explained his friendship with convicted paedophile Jeffrey Epstein during the interview. READ MORE: Prince Andrew plotting his return to royal life as Beatrice and Eugenie key to Duke's plan Following the enormous amounts of public criticism from the interview, the Duke voluntarily stepped back from his royal duties. "I have asked Her Majesty if I may step back from public duties for the foreseeable future, and she has given her permission," he wrote in a statement. Since stepping back, he has kept a low profile and has only made a few public appearances, including accompanying the Queen, to his late father's memorial service in March. DON'T MISS Royal Family LIVE: 'Not subtle at all!' Harry slammed for sparking row [LIVE] Harry and Meghan 'on course to cause as much trouble as possible' [REVEAL] Royal POLL: Should Meghan and Harry take up Queen's Balmoral invite? [POLL] Last month, on the first day of the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations, Buckingham Palace announced that Andrew had tested positive for Covid-19. Because of the positive test, he did not attend any of the Jubilee weekend celebrations. READ NEXT: