With the summer in full swing and events like graduations and birthdays popping up, sending over a bouquet of flowers is a great way to brighten up someone’s day. The perfect gift for all occasions, it’s even easier to buy someone flowers thanks to numerous online florists. You can even get special letterbox size bouquets so that it can fit through your door with no damage. It cans be tricky to find the right online florists so to help, here’s a guide with all the information you need to know when ordering one and the best online florists in the UK. Generally, flowers that are delivered by couriers are assembled in bunches at a warehouse or florist, then packed into safe packaging and shipped directly to the recipient. Most florists offer same day or next day delivery to ensure that flowers are fresh on arrival and bouquets normally come with plant food to keep it in fresh condition for five days. This is dependent on why you’re buying flowers and what flowers you’re looking for. Many gifting sites like Moonpig or Not On the High Street sell flowers specially for events like birthdays or celebrations. While shoppers may find more variety when they shop for flowers from specialists florists. Gifting sites tend to offer fast delivery while florists offer a wide range. Keep your flowers smelling fresh and long for days after with a few simple steps. Make sure you use a clean vase and if it comes with a pot, be sure to clean it before use so there’s no bacteria or chemicals inside. Trimming a centimetre off the bottom of the stems also helps the flowers absorb water better. It’s also good to keep most flowers away from direct sunlight or heaters as too much heat will dry the flowers out and change the water every few days to keep them fresh. Now that you have more information on buying flowers online, here are the best flower delivery services. Moonpig flowers all come with the option to add a personalised card, making it one of the best places to order flowers for every occasion including birthdays, engagements, new homes, Valentine’s Day and more. With an extensive variety, shoppers can choose flowers with pots, plants and even special collaborations including the Cath Kidston bouquet collection. In addition, some of Moonpig’s bouquets are letterbox friendly and come with a bottle of wine and chocolates so that you don’t need to worry about collating a gift together. Moonpig order next day delivery when orders are placed before 9PM the day before. Order here (£18 up) If you’re a fan of flowers and looking to get the best in bloom for each season, then By Bloom is the online florist for you and stocks fresh seasonal flowers that have been elegantly arranged. Founded by celebratory florist Larry Walshe, Bloom is ideal for finding a unique bouquet and all products are plastic-free with zero flower waste. Highlights include Bloom’s current selection of hydrangea’s which are the perfect summer flower. This London-based service delivers flowers in a space-saving box that keeps it fresh and sent via next-day delivery. Order here (£30 up) Looking for a last-minute flower order? Then Serenata Flowers has free next day delivery in the UK so that you can gift flowers quickly without breaking the bank. An independent online florist, bouquets come in a range of price points from £27.99 to £49.99 and there is also vases, cards and gifts available. Pick from a selection of pre-made bouquets and bestsellers include Flower Ratatouille, which is a brightly colourful assortment and Ivory Embrace, which looks elegant in any setting. Plus, there’s also a subscription services which is a great choice if you want to constantly display fresh flowers for weeks. Order here (£27.99 up) Searching for flowers on a Sunday can be tricky but you can always rely from M&S’s flower delivery section. There is always a variety available online for Sunday delivery and customers can pick from roses, plants, carnations and more. Prices are affordable with some orchids now on sale for just £15 and you can also add extras like cards and chocolates. With swift delivery and quality assurance on all orders, you’ll always be able to get a bouquet from M&S on a Sunday. Order here (£15 up) With florists that are experts in handling blooms, Arena Flowers has bouquets for all occasions including grieving during funerals. You can find special funeral wreaths and sheaves in big sizes to honour the casket. There’s also choices on thoughtful bouquets to send to grieving friends and families. Delivery is free and available across the UK and internationally. Order here (£47.98) Whether you’re finding a specific type of bouquet or not sure of what you want, Bloom & Wild is the ultimate destination for ordering flowers online. It’s one of the best florists for variety and you can find letterbox-friendly sizes from £23 and everything comes in flat, recyclable packaging. Every stem is picked fresh and flowers are packed when they are shut so that the minute you open up the box, you get the flowers just as they start to bloom. Plus, you can also find a section on the site that shows the flowers that have the fastest delivery if you’re extremely last minute at finding a gift. Order here (£23 up) Complete with chocolate, champagne and a loving card, find the perfect birthday bouquet on Prestige Flowers. The UK’s most reviewed florist, Prestige has a wide selection of birthday bouquets and most come with free chocolates. There’s also options to add several extras to each bouquet including soft toys, balloons and a personalised photo card. Each bouquet is assembled by experts and all deliveries are trackable to ensure arrival. Order here (£19.99 up) If you’re celebrating Puja or Pooja and looking for flowers for the ritual, Etsy flowers has a wide variety of flowers you can order. You can find jasmine, red hibiscus flowers, marigold flower garlands and handcrafted creations that are stunning and available with free UK delivery. Prices are affordable and you can get packs of five or more. Order here (£18 up)