Wimbledon chiefs have hit out at players for taking too much food after handing them a £90 daily allowance to spend in dedicated on-site restaurants. Tournament organisers are said to have contacted players in a bid to prevent food shortages at SW19. Players and coaches are given allowances every year so they don’t have to bring their own food onto site when they arrive each day. And the funds, which can be used via accreditation tags at the checkout, can be exchanged for meals at six outlets - two restaurants, two sandwich bars and two coffee shops. But, according to The Guardian, the All England Club have deemed it necessary to email the stars to ask them to be “judicious” about maxing out their daily food allowance. Some people have been treating the allowance as a target, with one coach reportedly walking away with 27 probiotics yoghurt drinks in an attempt to maximise his funds. Coaches are given an allowance worth only around half the amount that players get. But that figure doesn’t appear to be preventing them from stocking up on daily goodies. JUST IN: Nadal remembers 'emotional moment' alongside Federer at Wimbledon   Wimbledon have already budgeted for the price of the allowances so aren’t concerned about cutting costs. But chiefs are keen to ensure they aren’t dealing with a paucity of food and drink supplies as the tournament reaches its climax. As the revelations came to light, one source told The Sun: “Each player and coach gets an allocated amount each day so everyone wants to use the full amount to get their money's worth. But after one coach was spotted taking it a bit too far, the All England Club stepped in to ask everyone to be sensible. Bosses were becoming concerned that players were clearing out the fridges before going home. An email went round to all players reminding them to be judicious.” DON'T MISS Wimbledon debate as Nick Kyrgios opponent disagrees with Tsitsipas McEnroe jokes Kyrgios and Tsitsipas need decades to make up after spat Nick Kyrgios 'can win Wimbledon title' in upset to Nadal and Djokovic    Wimbledon began at the end of last month as the world’s top tennis players descended on SW19. And the tournament has been an entertaining affair once again as the likes of Novak Djokovic, Rafael Nadal and Nick Kyrgios have all progressed to the quarter-finals of the men’s tournament. In the women’s tournament, Simona Halep, Ons Jabeur and Elena Rybakina have all made it to the last eight as their title hopes are raised up a notch. The women’s final is set to take place on Centre Court on Saturday, with the men’s final going ahead a day later. 