Manchester United are expected to 'quickly' agree personal terms with Frenkie de Jong after settling on a £71million fee with Barcelona. Erik ten Hag finally looks set to seal his priority transfer target after United completed exhaustive negotiations earlier this week. After completing just one signing in the first month of the summer transfer window, the Red Devils are cooking on gas and could confirm a further three arrivals by the end of next week. But none will be more glorious than De Jong, who the club's transfer plans have revolved around since Ten Hag took charge. And United are edging closer to sealing their man after agreeing an initial deal worth £63m plus £8m in add-ons, GOAL report. The transfer now comes down to De Jong accepting a switch to Old Trafford and shaking hands over personal terms. But United are understood to be confident he is open to a reunion with Ten Hag and believe there will be no issues, despite an initial reluctance to leave Barcelona and sacrifice Champions League football. The report adds that there is an expectation that United will conclude the negotiations over De Jong's contract quickly. JUST IN: Man Utd's fresh Anthony Martial stance has huge effect on Ten Hag United supporters have been left frustrated with the club's lack of concrete activity in the transfer market so far, especially while rivals continue to strengthen. Feyenoord left-back Tyrell Malacia completed a £15m move last week to become Ten Hag's first signing as manager. And there could be two quickfire arrivals in the coming days before De Jong's transfer is settled. Christian Eriksen has agreed terms over a three-year contract and is set to join on a free transfer, while United have also sealed a £46m deal for Ajax defender Lisandro Martinez. Both players are expected to join Ten Hag's squad in the current Australia leg of their pre-season tour. READ MORE: Lisandro Martinez 'misses Ajax training' ahead of Man Utd medical United entered talks for De Jong back in mid-May when the club's new Dutch boss pinpointed him as a crucial fixture in his rebuild in M16. But the 25-year-old's original stance, mixed with Barcelona's calamitous financial woes, both contributed to testing negotiations. De Jong, Martinez and Eriksen joining Malacia as new recruits would take United's summer expenditure to around £130m - the reported transfer budget Ten Hag had at his disposal ahead of the window. If he's to bolster his squad further, he may have to rely on further player sales after Andreas Pereira's £10m departure for Fulham. Click HERE to buy the new Man Utd home shirt