He understood that men and women throughout the nation yearned to get Brexit done and he delivered with audacity and panache, winning a historic landslide in the process. The Prime Minister would not have expected the defining test of his premiership to be leading the country through a pandemic which brought normality to a halt. But, rightly, he grasped the potential of vaccines to end the lockdown era. His accomplishments, including his passionate support for Ukraine in the wake of the Russian invasion, are profound. In the decades to come, as we increasingly diverge from the EU rulebook, the significance of the freedoms he helped win will become ever more apparent. He was the man the country needed. And last week, after fewer than three years in a job he sought with searing ambition for years, he accepted it was time to move on. It is essential that his successor builds on his achievements rather than seeking to open old conflicts. It would be disastrous if the UK drifted back into the orbit of Brussels. The next Prime Minister will have to resolve the problems with the Northern Ireland Protocol and restore power-sharing in the province. We want a constructive and mutually beneficial relationship with the EU, but we must not allow hard won powers to shape our own laws to be chipped away in negotiations. Mr Johnson aspired to end the gross inequality which means millions of people living in poorer communities suffer worse health and earn significantly less than counterparts in more prosperous regions. The country will not fulfil its economic potential if so many people are denied opportunities to thrive in education and employment. It is not too late for a Conservative leader to renew the optimism that pulsed through Britain when Mr Johnson entered Downing Street. There is urgent work to be done to build a healthier and wealthier country; such a task can unite the party and win support across the generations. At his best, Mr Johnson understood that a Prime Minister must look beyond the ornate walls of Westminster and engage with people in every part of the UK, empathising with both their anxieties and their ambitions. If the United Kingdom is to survive and flourish, citizens in England, Scotland, Northern Ireland and Wales must believe that we are stronger together. The next Tory leader should lead by example, refusing to pit different groups against one another and instead unite the party and the country behind a common mission for the common good.