Rangers could be about to lose midfielder Joe Aribo as talks reportedly ramp up with Southampton and what's likely to be another Premier League side. The former Charlton Athletic star is reportedly keen to move south of the border and play in the English top-flight, but wishes to depart Ibrox amicably after three superb seasons in Glasgow. Aribo put together his third successive solid season in front of goal last term, netting nine in all competitions. His endurance was also notable, racking up a massive 57 matches as the Gers powered all the way to the Europa League final. Having progressed well in Scotland, The Athletic claim that Southampton are now 'confident' of signing the Nigerian on a four-year contract. While the Saints now appear to be in pole position, there is at least one other club talking to Rangers amid interest from Premier League trio Aston Villa, Nottingham Forest and Fulham. Aribo is highly thought of in Scotland, but is set to be available for a reasonable fee due to the £10million release clause in his contract. JUST IN: Tottenham line up five more transfer exits before pre-season tour after £26m Bergwijn deal Also included in the report is that Aribo has an affinity for Rangers, and feels strongly about ties being cut amicably. The 25-year-old was part of Steven Gerrard's Gers side that romped to the league title unbeaten in 2020/21, dropping just 12 points and conceding 13 goals across the 38-game season. If Aribo does end up on the south coast, it would be the latest addition in a productive window for the Saints, who are on the verge of bolstering their midfield even further by striking a £12m deal with Manchester City for youngster Romeo Lavia. DON'T MISS: Cristiano Ronaldo being pushed towards Manchester United exit door by two players While Gers manager Giovanni van Bronckhorst may soon have to concede defeat when it comes to Aribo, the club are still driving a hard bargain when it comes to star centre-back Calvin Bassey. The 22-year-old, who was signed for £200,000 just two years ago, now has a whopping £25m price tag in an attempt to warn off suitors from the Premier League and the Bundesliga. Perhaps unsurprisingly, Gerrard's Villa are again linked to Bassey as the former Gers boss looks to nab his old side's top talent, but it is clear that the Scottish outfit will not come to the negotiating table unless their demands are met. Former Celtic star Simon Donnelly, speaking to the Go Radio Football Show, seemingly believes that Rangers selling one of their stars will kickstart a busy period for the club. "I think there will be a lot of movement from the Rangers side," he said. "Probably more than at Celtic in the next few weeks. It has gone quiet at Rangers, and it really depends on who moves on. "I think Bassey will stay for another season at least, but you have the speculation with Aribo. These are the guys who will need to be replaced. It’s not a case of looking to the squad, these are guys who played most of the season."