Offices were scrambled to Town Meadow Lane in Moreton at around 12.45pm in response to reports of an unexploded bomb. They put a large cordon in place on the road, while also asking for assistance from North West Ambulance Service and the Army's Explosive Ordnance Disposal and Search (EOD) group. Officers from the EOD safely removed the unexploded device and the road was reopened around four hours later. One resident, who asked not to be named, told the Wirral Globe: “The police turned up and stopped the traffic and public from entering that part of Town Meadow Lane. “They then taped it up and an ambulance arrived next to the shops. “Apparently there has been an unexploded bomb dug up.” A Merseyside Police spokesman said: "We can confirm that we received a report of what is believed to be an unexploded ordnance device in Moreton this afternoon, Thursday 28 July.  "At around 12.45pm we received a report that the device had been found in a property on Town Meadow Lane. "A cordon was in place while the Army’s EOD team safely removed the device. "All roads have now been re-opened and we would like to thank residents for their patience while the incident was dealt with." Earlier this week, a village and road in West Dorset was locked down for several hours after a suspected unexploded device was discovered in the area.  READ MORE: Starmer reveals why he sacked Tarry -and it was NOT for joining strike Police responded to reports just after 9am on Monday that a possible unexploded device was found in a garden of a property in Market Street, Abbotsbury, between the towns of Weymouth and Bridport. Bidden Row was closed in both directions between Abbotsbury Hill and The Swan Inn, with officers directing motorists away from the scene. The road closure was lifted after 2pm, with locals able to freely walk around the village and businesses able to reopen. A Dorset Police spokeswoman said: “Dorset Police received a report at 9.04am on Monday, July 25 of a possible unexploded device in Market Street in Abbotsbury, Weymouth.  "A 100-metre cordon was put in place for the safety of members of the public and the B3157 West Street was closed between the junctions with Abbotsbury Hill and Rodden Row. “The EOD was requested to attend to check the item and make it safe. The EOD has attended and removed the item. The cordon and road closures were lifted at around 2.10pm.” A spokeswoman for the Army said: "We can confirm an Army Explosive Ordnance Disposal (EOD) team were called out to Market Street in Abbotsbury in Dorset at the request of Dorset Police. "A team from 11 EOD&S Regiment Royal Logistic Corps, 721 EOD Sqn Responded to the call-out in question and the item was safely destroyed in situ."