Nick Kyrgios will be looking to capitalise on his run to this month's Wimbledon final by maintaining his newly-found positive momentum over the coming weeks and months. The controversial Aussie gained plenty of admirers for his gutsy performance against Novak Djokovic at the All England Club but was ultimately forced to extend his wait for his first career Grand Slam title after losing in four sets. Kyrgios has gained a reputation for his dramatic on-court meltdowns over the course of his career, with the 27-year-old not shying away from making his feelings known on a number of occasions at Wimbledon. He ultimately managed to let his tennis do the talking, though, by reaching his maiden Grand Slam final despite being handed a bye after Rafael Nadal's withdrawal.It remains to be seen whether Kyrgios will be able to kick on and establish himself as one of the world's leading players as he looks to build on his strong recent form in the near future. He is now set for a short break in order to recover after his impressive run at Wimbledon and is yet to confirm his participation in any competitions ahead of the US Open, where he is expected to return to the Grand Slam stage later this year.The man from Canberra will almost certainly take part in a number of hard-court warm-up events beforehand, though, in order to fine-tune his preparations for another crack at winning his first major title. He has never reached the fourth round at Flushing Meadows but will stand a good chance of doing so at the next time of asking if he manages to keep a lid on things by simply focusing on playing his best tennis. JUST IN: John McEnroe brings up Federer and Nadal in defence of Novak Djokovic John McEnroe, meanwhile, has already challenged Kyrgios to make the most of his obvious talent by confirming that he belongs at the top of the game with his results over the next few months."We are all assessing the odds of whether he will commit to tennis now and while I have doubts that he will, I’d love to see him do it,” McEnroe told Tennis365 as he ran the rule over this year's Wimbledon runner-up. "Nick is probably the most talented player the game has seen in the last decade and I like him as a person. I coached him at the Laver Cup four times. He’s a good kid, but he just has to commit to tennis."We want to see this guy on a tennis court and would rather not be guessing when he is going to shout at his box. I am probably not one to talk about being angry on court because I had my own problems in that department, but I hope Nick sees what’s possible here."Nick moves the needle in tennis and he could be great for the game, incredible. You imagine seeing this guy doing what he’s doing on Centre Court at Wimbledon and you want to see more of it." FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE