ITV’s latest crime thriller, Murder in Provence returned to screens with an investigation into the death of Etienne de Bremont (played by Ashley Russell). As the gripping investigation unfolded, fans were left distracted by the characters' accents.   After Murder in Provence first premiered, fans were hooked by the latest crime drama which takes place in the sunny south of France. The drama followed Antoine Verlaque (Roger Allam) and his partner Marine Bonnet (Nancy Carroll) as they tried to solve complicated deaths. The second episode saw the two work together after nobleman Étienne de Bremont mysteriously fell to his death. Although the case took an unexpected turn and had multiple surprise twists, fans couldn’t focus as they were distracted by the accents. READ MORE: Lizzie Cundy savages Harry and Meghan's security demands   A number of ITV viewers couldn’t get past the accents and took to Twitter to share their complaints. An annoyed @Phergic wrote: “Nope sorry I give up. Throwing in the odd Voila, does not make this series any more credible.” A confused @BothamMrs added: “Murder in Provence. I don't get it. A load of English people pretending to be French. Why not just do it in England?” While an angry @SandraT99733027 tweeted: “So [Murder in Provence] b****y awful !!!! All have French names but are English!”    Highlighting the inconsistency @Schmiffy12 stated: “A gardener says ‘I grew up at this chateau in Aix en Provence’ but he sounds very Brummie….” Another viewer @toniearlybird joked: “Loving the Brummie accent among the plummy Brit voices in this 'French' drama!” Although a number of viewers, couldn’t get past the accents, another viewer took to Twitter to defend the show. @At6Coder wrote: “Enjoyed the program, nice easy viewing. Those complaining about no French accent, would also complain if they spoke with a false French accent.” DON'T MISS...'He didn't like me' Fern Britton opens up on 'difficult' TV co-star [INSIGHT]Where are the cast of Only Fools and Horses now? [INSIGHT]Roger Allam age: How old is the Murder in Provence actor? [INSIGHT]  Though the accents failed to portray the French accents in the eyes of some, the characters did often occasionally say common French words. Murder in Provence is the onscreen adaptation of the novels of the same name written by ML Longworth. The series boasts of a star-studded cast which also included Patricia Hodge, Benedict Clarke, Jeremy Clyde and Leila Mimmack. Production for the show largely took place on location in Aix-en-Provence in southern France.   Nancy Carroll who starred as Marine Bonnet opened up about filming in France and said: “Provence is really the main character of the show. “That landscape, with all the colour and the extraordinary light, provides such escapism, and it was a real privilege to film in that part of the world.” As the Executive producer Alison Owen added: "Provence is one of the most beautiful places in the world, painters and photographers head there for a reason. “So we really wanted to get a lot of that beauty on screen, not to mimic it, but to be in the right place.” Murder in Provence continues Sunday 8pm on ITV 