Jennifer Lopez, 52, and Ben Affleck, 49, have finally exchanged vows in a “super small” wedding in Las Vegas, Nevada. The couple got engaged three months ago for the second time, with the actor getting down on one knee for the first time 20 years prior. They now seem to have finally tied the knot in Las Vegas after obtaining a marriage license in Clark County, Nevada on Saturday, according to court records seen by PEOPLE. A source also claimed that the event was a "small" ceremony. They said: “It was super, super small. [Jennifer's] mom and kids were there. “They just wanted to be married so they got married," the insider told the aforementioned publication. A marriage certificate has yet to be filed. The couple rekindled their romance earlier last year, 17 years after breaking off their engagement. They went public with their revived relationship, with Jennifer even penning a tribute for Ben on Father’s Day earlier this year. Taking to social media, Jennifer gushed over the “most caring, loving, affectionate, consistent and selfless Daddy ever.” The singer shared a video compiling a series of shorter clips and pictures of the couple together to mark the special occasion. She captioned the post: “Happy Father’s Day to the most caring, loving, affectionate, consistent and selfless Daddy ever. “#HappyFathersDay my love. For my full Father’s Day post go to OnTheJLo.com” Jennifer and Ben met on the set of the movie Gigli in 2001 and began dating in 2002. READ MORE...Meghan Markle’s 'low-key' appearance at Queen's Jubilee questioned [LATEST]Christine McGuinness 'lost' as she admits 'today was a heartbreaker' [NEWS]Emma Watson's 'savage dig' at JK Rowling unveiled [INSIGHT] The pair went on to announce their engagement a year later, but then revealed they had separated in 2004. However, the couple surprised fans as they got together again in April of last year. It happened after Jennifer broke off her engagement to then-fiancé Alex Rodriguez in March 2021. Just a month later, Jennifer was spotted holding hands with Ben, who had previously divorced his wife of 13 years, actress Jennifer Garner. Earlier this year, Jennifer looked back on her love life as she explained her unexpected reunion with her former fiancé. "At the time I thought they were failures, but I think that was necessary for growing into something better," she told People magazine. "I felt tremendous amounts of failure, in my marriage and other relationships I tried really hard to make work. So those failures hit me hard." Jennifer added: “Every single mistake that I made was leading toward a yellow brick road to exactly where I needed to be.”