Classic footage of Maggie Smith reflecting on the moment actor Laurence Olivier "slapped" her on stage was aired as part of The Marvellous Maggie Smith. The documentary, which landed on Channel 5 on Saturday evening, reflected on the award-winning actress' life and career. Maggie came to the attention of Laurence  in the 1960s and he lured her back on stage as a member of his National Theatre company. However, he soon found himself upstaged by the Oscar-winning actress, which was explored as part of the Channel 5 documentary. Film critic James King said he thought Lawrence was frustrated at how Maggie could "outdo him so easily" on stage. Broadcaster Bonnie Greer added: "He knew when he met his equal, and he wanted her with him because she was that good, but he didn't want her there."  READ MORE: Prince Harry faces savage calls to be stripped of royal titles Four Weddings and a Funeral actor Simon Callow claimed Laurence "had to be the best" out of all the cast. "It was wired into his temperament," Simon added. "So when he came across someone as extraordinary as Maggie, he absolutely acknowledged her greatness. "He saw all of that but I think there was a competitive element, it was part of what he was." Their strained relationship reached a climax during a performance at the National Theatre which Maggie discussed during a frank interview in 2002.  "He just slapped me rather hard in Othello," Maggie revealed to the interviewer. "Yes, I am being serious." "He said, 'Out devil', and gave me a good swack around the head." She continued: "I was knocked out - I saw a lot of stars. I remember seeing more stars that night than I had seen in a long time." The interviewer awkwardly laughed at her admission about Laurence while Maggie smirked. DON'T MISS...Maggie Smith showcases youthful beauty in unearthed snaps [LATEST]Dame Maggie Smith’s fortune skyrocketed by more than £2m in last year [PICTURES]Maggie Smith joins royalty as she makes rare appearance at Wimbledon [UPDATE] While Maggie was at the National Theatre, she met her first husband Robert Stephens. During the documentary, former MP Gyles Brandreth described Robert as "tall, handsome and wild". The couple wed in 1967 and had two sons, actors Chris Larkin and Toby Stephens, together. However, the couple ended up divorcing in 1975 following a turbulent few years.  She later married her second husband playwright Beverley Cross and they were together for 23 years until his sudden death. Her friend Miriam Margolyes described Beverley as a wonderful person who took care of Maggie throughout their relationship. The Harry Potter star said: "She loved him very much and she was utterly stricken when she lost him, it was awful." The Marvellous Maggie Smith is now available to watch on My5. 