Barcelona manager Xavi's tactical handling of Frenkie de Jong in their pre-season friendly win over Real Madrid may have signalled that a move to Manchester United could be closer than it currently seems. The Red Devils have been trying to land De Jong all summer but have failed to push the proposed deal over the line as of yet, with the Dutchman said to prefer the idea of staying at the Nou Camp for the foreseeable future. De Jong has continued to play a role for Barcelona in their pre-season fixtures despite United having already settled on a transfer fee in talks with the Catalan giants over the last few weeks. He featured in their victory over Real Madrid on Saturday night but may have been left frustrated by the nature of his involvement in the match, the result of which was decided by Raphinha's winning goal shortly before the half-hour mark.Xavi decided to drop De Jong from Barcelona's starting side against their bitter rivals, instead opting for a midfield trio of Sergio Busquets, Pedri and Gavi. The former Ajax man was then introduced at half-time but was deployed out of position at centre-back in place of Andreas Christensen, who played the first 45 minutes at the heart of Barcelona's defence.It remains to be seen whether De Jong will eventually grow tired of being forced to play in an unfamiliar role at Barcelona if Xavi continues to shoehorn him into a defensive position over the coming weeks. The midfielder has already underlined his desire to stay with his current employers but would surely prefer to take up his natural role at another club if the opportunity arises in the not-too-distant future. JUST IN: Tottenham could demand three Bayern players in Kane transfer swap Barcelona are reportedly set to hold discussions with De Jong in order to ask him to reconsider his firm stance against a move elsewhere over the next few days. The La Liga heavyweights are said to be keen on cashing in on their player with the aim of financing a big-money move for Jules Kounde, who is among their top targets in spite of Chelsea's attempts to bring him to Stamford Bridge in recent weeks.United, meanwhile, are still believed to be in advanced talks over De Jong's availability but his potential move to Old Trafford appears to be some way off at this stage. The Red Devils are yet to agree personal terms with the player and his representatives in spite of their best efforts, with the situation having snowballed into a messy and protracted saga over the course of the summer window. Erik ten Hag recently admitted that he is looking to sign a new deep-lying midfielder when quizzed on his remaining transfer plans but stopped short of naming De Jong, who he managed during his time in charge of Ajax, as a player of interest. "We are looking for a player who can play in the holding midfield position but it has to be the right one," explained Ten Hag earlier this month."There are not many in that position capable of the level we demand. When we can’t find him, we have to deal with the players in our squad now and we will develop one in that position."I will not react on a certain player. We need the right player. We have a list and we qualify as the player who has the competence to play that role. We will strike the moment the player is available." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here