Dick Strawbridge is best known for co-starring in the Channel 5 docu-series Escape to the Chateau with his wife Angel Adoree. The couple left the UK to start afresh in northern France to renovate their stunning 19th Century chateau. This is a very different lifestyle from what Dick has been used to as his career began in the Army. Dick served in the Army for 20 years, joining the service as soon as he was old enough to do so. By signing up, Dick was following in his family's footsteps after his grandfather and great-grandfather who were also military men. Dick made his television debut in 1999 on Scrapheap Challenge when he was still a Colonel. By the time he left the Army in November 2001, Dick had become a Lieutenant Colonel. READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes slams label of 'British' players 'Raducanu's English!' He was part of the Royal Corps of Signals, a division that was often one of the last to leave military war zones. Dick retired when he was 40 years old and still thinks of himself as a Ulsterman, despite leaving Northern Ireland many years ago. When he left for good, Dick went on to star in shows like It's Not Easy Being Green, Celebrity Masterchef, Dirty Rotten Survival and Coast. The entertainment industry may be very different from the Army life but Dick felt he needed to make the change. Dick explained to The Irish Mail: “I spent 20 brilliant years in the army, but at the age of 40 I resigned. "I was on my way to becoming a general and knew I wouldn’t be getting my boots dirty anymore. “I didn’t join the army to do a desk job." He wasn't the only member of his family to sign up for the military either. DON'T MISS...James Strawbridge children: Is the Escape to the Chateau star a dad? [FAMILY]Dick Strawbridge shares chateau hiring frustrations  [EXPLAINER]Dick Strawbridge: Who is Escape to the Chateau's eldest daughter? [CAST] It was truly a family affair as his brothers David and Bobby were also in the Army. David was in the Royal Engineers while Bobby was in the Royal Corps of Signals like Dick. Talking about his time serving, he admitted: “I was never perfect and was quite unspoken and a bit naughty at times but I got the job done and that’s why I kept being promoted." But of course, Dick's life is very different now and most likely a lot less stressful at the French chateau with his family. So far, Channel 4 hasn't revealed if there will be another series of Escape to the Chateau. Despite season nine not being confirmed, fans are confident that Dick and Angel will be returning to their screens. The previous series have begun sometime in November so this could be the case once again for season nine. Escape to the Chateau is available to watch on My5.