Tottenham have opened talks regarding a move to add set-piece specialist Gianni Vio to Antonio Conte's backroom team in north London ahead of next season, according to reports. The north Londoners have wasted no time in ramping up their preparations for the upcoming Premier League campaign, with Conte and Fabio Paratici having been particularly busy in the transfer market over the last few weeks. Tottenham have already welcomed four new faces since the end of last season, with Richarlison joining Fraser Forster, Yves Bissouma and Ivan Perisic at the club on Friday morning. They are not only focused on bringing in new players, though, with those in power also keen on adding to Conte's coaching ranks before the new campaign gets underway in early August.Talks have already begun to secure the services of Vio, who has previously worked with Leeds United, AC Milan and Fiorentina, according to ESPN. He also formed a crucial part of Roberto Mancini's backroom staff as Italy won Euro 2020 last summer and is believed to be close to joining Tottenham in order to work his magic at Hotspur Way next season.Vio reportedly designed 4,830 different routines that Italy were able to utilise from corners and free kicks at the Euros on their way to achieving continental glory. He is said to have spent over 20 years studying the finer details of set-piece strategy before joining Italian side Catania back in 2008, with the club scoring 17 of their 44 league goals from dead-ball situations in his first season on their books. JUST IN: Raheem Sterling advised to snub Chelsea as Man City ace urged to move He is also known for adapting his methods to the individual strengths of certain players and will be looking to help those at Tottenham to maximise their potential from set-plays over the course of next season. Vio previously highlighted the importance of catering to individuals when quizzed on his work in an interview with Italian newspaper La Nuova di Venezia in September of last year."You need to analyse the players you have and find solutions tailor-made to their skillset," he is quoted as saying by The Guardian. "There are players whose reading of the game is special. "At the highest level, Sergio Ramos comes to mind, wherever you put the ball, you can bet he’ll find a way to get on the end of it. Timing is the most important thing when it comes to finishing off a set-piece."It remains to be seen whether Vio's presence at Tottenham will have the desired effect over the course of next season as they go in search of another top-four finish in the Premier League at the end of the campaign. The north Londoners have long been criticised for a lack of threat from set-pieces and will be desperate to put things right as a matter of priority before the action finally gets back underway. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here