The debate surrounding cyclists and VED is never-ending. Some drivers claim that cyclists should pay for the maintenance of roads in the same way that motorists do. However, there is more to the debate than meets the eye. With that in mind, Express.co.uk exclusively spoke to an expert who shared his thoughts on the issue. Tom Hixon, Head of Instructor Support at Bill Plant Driving School, said: “It’s important to first think about what’s meant by the term ‘road tax’. “’Road tax’ doesn’t actually exist, the tax people are referring to is actually the Vehicle Excise Duty tax (VED).” The money collected through VED does not directly pay for the maintenance of roads. READ MORE: Car ends up on top of two caravans in a bizarre parking incident The earnings are instead placed in a treasury fund where they are divided between services such as the NHS, welfare, defence etc. Mr Hixon added: “The level of tax is also determined by the levels of emissions caused by the car; so if a car is more polluting, the owner will be expected to pay greater road tax. “As bikes are carbon-neutral, why should cyclists be expected to pay tax? “It is very likely that these cyclists already pay road tax but have just opted to cycle instead of drive because of reasons such as fuel costs, the environment, to congestion levels. DON'T MISS Drivers warned of simple mistake that can leave them stranded [WARNING] Electric vehicles trialled as rapid response cars [REVEAL] Disabled drivers hit out at 'lazy' motorists who park in disabled bays [INSIGHT] “There are many layers to this argument.” The expert also highlighted that “the prospect of tax might deter people from cycling when it should instead be encouraged”. Nonetheless, Mr Hixon did acknowledge that many drivers get annoyed at the rules surrounding cyclists. He said: “The frustration motorists experience when encountering cyclists on the road can be understandable, especially when the highway code is constantly changing regarding how motorists should act around cyclists. READ MORE: 'No brainer': Common car tax incentive could save drivers thousands “If cyclists were made to pay tax, perhaps this should differ from VED but instead be put in place to make the roads more co-efficient for both motorists and cyclists?” Motorists have also previously hit out at cyclists who upload GoPro footage of traffic incidents to police websites. Last month, an elderly driver was prosecuted at Cardiff Magistrates court for driving without due care and attention after GoPro footage of him passing a cyclist was uploaded to a police website, which allows officers to review footage taken by the public. It left hundreds of motorists absolutely furious as they laid into a system they believe allows cyclists to look for situations they can video. They also believed it needlessly targets drivers, the majority of whom are careful when it comes to passing bike riders. Many Express.co.uk readers commented under the story wanting to have their say. ‘Backfire’ wrote: “He's well over the centre of the road, this is an absurd judgement. “I guess a lot of arrogant cyclists are actively trying to get footage to attack motorists, especially those in nice cars.” ‘WhiskeyJack’ added: “Many seem to ride up and down the same stretch of road deliberately frustrating motorists so they can film them to get a commission.”