Speaking on the podium outside Downing Street on Thursday, June 7, Prime Minister Boris Johnson officially announced his plans to step down, after an extraordinary 48 hours which saw more than 50 resignations in Government. Addressing the nation, Mr Johnson said it was “painful” to have to stand down, but that “It is clearly now the will of the Parliamentary Conservative Party that there should be a new leader of that party and so a new Prime Minister.” In total, Mr Johnson has served in his post for 1,079 days, installed as Prime Minister on July 24, 2019. What might make for uncomfortable reading for Mr Johnson is that his predecessor – the oft-mocked Theresa May – lasted longer, announcing she would stand down after 1106 days. Mrs May was ousted after months of frustration, failing to get her Brexit deal through Parliament on multiple occasions, and the party eventually turned against her, as is common in Westminster. Mr Johnson was one of the key Brexiteers who led the rebellion against Ms May, and eventually went on to replace her. But today, it was Mr Johnson’s turn on the receiving end of the cutthroat nature of politics. Speaking at the podium, Mr Johnson said: “It's painful not to be able to see through so many projects myself "But as we've seen at Westminster the herd instinct is powerful. When the herd moves, it moves. “And my friends in politics: No one is remotely indispensable.” Yet more salt could be rubbed into the wounds of the outgoing Prime Minister. A source has reportedly claimed that Mrs May could be brought back for a caretaker role. They told the Daily Mail: "She knows the ropes and the security stuff, she’s a party woman through and through, she’s definitely not interested in standing for it herself and would be credible. She is uniquely placed." The former Prime Minister is giving a lecture at the Institute for Government today. READ MORE: Boris' biggest fear is to be compared to ex US President Donald Trump She appeared to mock the political drama, saying: "In cricket, it's not enough to avoid breaking the rules. In fact the game requires adherence to its traditions as much as its laws. "In politics, of course, playing by the rules means following the law." Earlier this year, when Mr Johnson's premiership was coming under increasing scrutiny, an ally of Mrs May said she'd be "enjoying" the crisis that her successor was facing. A Tory MP who served in her Cabinet told i: “If I were her, I’d be cartwheeling through the lobbies, You can see from watching her eyes that she’s enjoying it.” Another backbencher and staunch Mrs May supporter added: “It’s karma, given what happened in 2019.” But another of her closest allies insisted that she will not be indulging in too much schadenfreude due to concerns that the psychodrama gripping Westminster is only distracting the Government from more important matters. They added: “She won’t be feeling particularly triumphant. DON'T MISSBoris Johnson's new Cabinet ministers in full - all new appointments [INSIGHT]'How many more months of chaos?' Rayner explodes as Boris powerless [ANALYSIS]Penny Mordaunt ‘refreshing’ replacement for Boris Johnson [INSIGHT] "There is a problem when No10 is consumed by a crisis, because all it tries to do is solve that crisis and not deal with everything else it should be focusing on. "That means the problems with rising energy prices, or whether schools are getting enough funding, all of those things fall by the wayside and there is a lot of stuff we need to get on with.” Mrs May has been one of the more outspoken critics of Mr Johnson since he came to power, She accused him of abandoning the UK’s position of “moral global leadership” when he threatened to break international law during the Brexit negotiations. The MP for Maidenhead also accused him of “turning his back on the poorest in the world” following his decision to cut international aid commitments. And in January, she also took aim at the Government for their handling of partygate. She said: “What the Gray report does show is that Downing Street was not observing the regulations they had imposed on members of the public." She then asked Mr Johnson: “So either my right honourable friend had not read the rules, did not understand what they meant and nor did others around him, or they didn’t think the rules applied to Number 10. Which was it?”