The former Royal Marine Commando and Invictus Games medallist John-James Chalmers, also known as JJ, has been friends with Prince Harry since they were both in the military. Despite not seeing one another as often as they would hope, their bond still remains the same. JJ recently opened up about their friendship and revealed their children haven't met. JJ has two children with his wife, Kornelia Chitursko, four-year-old daughter Hayley and one-year-old son James. Prince Harry also has two children with his wife Meghan Markle, three-year-old son Archie and one-year-old daughter, Lilibet. JJ admitted the pair often share parenting tips and details of what their kids are up to. However, the youngsters are yet to see one another in person. READ MORE: Harrison Ford told Steven Spielberg to change Indiana Jones scene Chatting to Radio Times, JJ said: "They haven’t had a chance yet since Harry’s kids live in California. "I’m sure they’ll get together one day soon." JJ also opened up about his bond with Harry and where their friendship began: "When we first met, we were both young lads in the military. "It’s been pretty lovely to move into the next stage of our life – marriage, kids – together. Now that we both have kids, we just do dad chats. "I know that Archie loves The Octonauts and my son James loves it, too. The kids are a similar age and have similar interests." He added Prince Harry creating the Invictus Games inspired his recovery and changed his life, even introducing him into the world of broadcasting. JJ praised Harry and admitted he is someone that he looks up to and respects, revealing they have had some "extraordinary" times together. The TV broadcaster served in Afghanistan as a Royal Marine, and in 2011 he was hit by an Improvised Explosive Device, leaving his life on the line. DON'T MISS...Meghan and Harry IGNORE probe on bombshell new claims in heated vid... [INSIGHT]Prince Harry's Nelson Mandela speech questioned by Piers Morgan [LATEST]Meghan praised for calling out Harry's 'upper-class toff' friends [WATCH] He previously told Metro.co.uk: "Unfortunately, one of my friends stepped on one of these devices, and the blast went off underneath his feet. "And all the rubbish that gets thrown off of these IEDs are buried in the ground, just came my way, and it just pulverised my body." His injuries required at least 30 operations and an intense rehabilitation process that involved relearning to walk and dress himself again. Since his recovery, JJ has gone on to work on some big projects, which included BBC's Strictly Come Dancing in 2020. JJ was partnered up with Amy Dowden but, unfortunately, was the sixth contestant to leave the show, being eliminated during musical week. During his time on the show, he admitted his daughter thought it was amazing to see him on the TV dancing. In an interview on The One Show with Rylan Clark and Alex Jones, he admitted: "I've been away from them for about a month or so now because I've isolated away from them, it was great to have something to show them finally. "My wife has the far harder end of the deal at home with two kids, and she's not getting the glitz and the glamorous end of it. "So it's nice for them to see I haven't been away putting my feet up! She [his daughter] thought it was amazing. And that's before I even got on screen." The full interview with JJ Chalmers can be found in this week's Radio Times, out now.