 Multiple users have reported messages that have purported to be from Santander. The message read: “An attempt to add C DUMI was denied. If this was not you please visit:http://revoke-access-attempted.com” Those who received the message reported multiple different variations of the text. Another Twitter user reported receiving a message which said: “An attempt to add H Pablo was denied. If this was not you visit: deletaddon.com”    The user in this instance told the bank that the message had been received in the same conversation as a previous, genuine, Santander text. Santander told the Twitter user that scammers have now gained the ability to include messages in official threads. Santander said: “Unfortunately scammers can now make their messages appear in the same thread alongside genuine messages.” Scammers are getting better at disguising their scams to look like they are the genuine article. READ MORE: State pensioners may be able to increase sum by up to £14.75 weekly    Santander has previously warned Britons earlier this year that scammers were able to “spoof” the bank's actual number in their messages to customers. Spoofing is where the fraudster replicates the real number of a real organisation to try and add legitimacy to their claim. One receiver of this style of the message said that she had received similar messages four times in the last week. Santander offered the user sympathy and asked her to keep blocking the numbers of the scam message she receives. The user responded: “I have! It’s just a shame that they somehow get the number to say Santander as I worry my elderly mum could fall for something like this.”     The bank said that it understood that the scam messages can sometimes “look convincing” and highlighted that it, and other high street banks, would never ask a person to click on a link that has been sent through email and text messages. If a person clicks on the link in one of these messages that it will redirect them to a “phishing website” which is designed to look like the real deal but is used purely to harvest personal information from an individual. If people share their details, then the criminal could go on to steal money from a person’s bank account with the information they have collected. More and more people are taking to Twitter to report the scam messages they receive. Twitter user @showtyme-canada tweeted: “ I am actually tired of all these scam texts [purportedly] from Santander.” READ MORE: ‘Game over!’ Woman, 42, watches as hackers steal £10,000 in attack  The UK is seeing a rise in scams with Authorised Push Payments (APP) scams driving the surge - 44 percent of all scams are APP according to UK Finance. APP scams happen when a person or business is tricked into sending money to a fraudster posing as a genuine payee. However, criminals are becoming more and more creative with their techniques to trick Britons into sending their cash. A new common scam technique has been coined the “Hello Mum” scam.     This is where the scammer contacts a wide contact list of people, claiming to be someone they know such as their child. The criminal opens the message with “Hello Mum” or “Hello Dad” and says that they are texting from a new number as their phone had been lost or damaged. They will then ask for money claiming to need it for a new phone or an unpaid bill and provides bank details for the payment. Between February 3 and - June 21 2022, there were 1,235 reports made to Action Fraud linked to this scam, with total losses exceeding £1.5million. Santander stated there is “no one-size-fits-all approach” when it comes to protecting oneself from scams. However, individuals can take action by thinking carefully about the legitimacy of any contact they receive. Those who are concerned or think they have responded to a scam text should contact Santander on 0800 9 123 123. They can also report the case to Action Fraud on 0300 123 2040.   