DIY savvy mum, Roxanne Morris from Birmingham has shared her interior hacks for transforming a room on a budget. With the cost of living on the rise, many Britons are looking to decorate their homes without breaking the bank. Roxanne shared her interior design journey with her 28,000 Instagram followers. She then shared with ScS her five key tips for refreshing a home on such a tight budget. Roxanne said redecorating a home has a lot of “hidden costs and tasks” so it’s important to plan ahead in order to “avoid” spending more. The 32-year-old said the first thing homeowners need to do is write a list of items and materials they need. Next, shop around to find the best deals and prices for the items. She added: “Doing this means you’ll have a solid understanding of what budget you’re working with and can make a call on whether you need to adjust your expectations if the cost is too high.” READ MORE: Ideal temperature to ‘effectively’ clean bed sheets - ‘kills bacteria’ Roxanne suggested using paint instead of wallpaper as the cost of covering multiple walls can soon add up. The DIY pro said paint is an “easier route” and can “give you much more for your money”. She suggested using a “good quality paint” to get great coverage with less coats. Buying good quality paint is a more “cost-effective purchase”. Roxanne also shared a “hack” for making paint last longer. She said: “A hack I always use to ensure left over paint lasts longer is placing a rubber band over the centre of an open tin and use that to wipe off any excess from my brush instead of using the rim. DON'T MISSAre there 'criminal plants' in your garden? 9 plants you can’t grow [INSIGHT]Homes Under the Hammer buyer makes £60k after simple layout change [UPDATE]Mrs Hinch fans share how to rid ‘brown stains’ from toilet bowls [ANALYSIS] “When you use the rim, the paint dries around the edge meaning the lid will no longer go on properly. This causes the paint to dry out and no longer be fit for any touch-ups later down the line.” For those who can’t afford to transform a whole room, a great way to do this is by playing around with accessories or giving parts of a room a new lease of life. Spray paints and sticky back vinyl can be used to revamp accessories like candlesticks, picture frames, vases and mirrors. Roxanne shared how she transformed her counter tops and cupboard doors by using sticky back vinyl and paint. She said: “A new work surface would have cost me upwards of £95 to achieve the look I wanted, but by buying the vinyl and an applicator kit, I only spent £23.10 in total (three rolls at £6.70 and an applicator kit at £2.99). Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “For the cupboards, instead of buying new doors I just refreshed them with some multi-surface paint, which only cost me £34. “I then used some left-over flooring from my old house to cover up the existing tiles.” One of the biggest costs when it comes to decorating is hiring others to do things. Homeowners shouldn’t be afraid to get stuck in and try to do jobs themselves. Failing that, drafting in friends and family to help is another affordable option. Roxanne added: “From panelling on walls, to upcycling furniture, there are plenty of opportunities around the home to try your hand at something new.   “I renovated most of my home over lockdown, so had to rely on myself to get things done, not only did I save loads of labour costs but also gained key skills to help me with future redecoration projects.” Looking at the same layout for too long can make a room feel tired. For an instant refresh, try swapping furniture around. Roxanne said: “Playing around with furniture layout can be great for refreshing a room because it’s totally free, all you need to do is set aside a couple of hours in the day and experiment with a new structure. This will help keep the look and feel of the room exciting and interesting for any visitors.”