Erik ten Hag knows Manchester United still need a marquee No 9 this summer should Cristiano Ronaldo leave the club but he will not want to risk upsetting the balance and chemistry struck between in-form trio Anthony Martial, Jadon Sancho and Marcus Rashford during pre-season. Ronaldo's future remains up in the air and should he depart Old Trafford, a replacement signing will be of immediate interest. Express Sport looks at fourth worthwhile candidates, capable of stepping up to the mark... Gianluca Scamacca Manchester United may have to move quickly if they are to win the race for the Italian international after West Ham reignited talks with Sassuolo for the 23-year-old. Paris Saint-Germain have also held negotiations for Scamacca but have failed to agree a deal, leaving the door open for United to pounce. Scamacca is an old-fashioned centre-forward who can play with his back to goal but he is also capable of stretching defences. He is a ruthless finisher in the box, who can glue United's attack together as a real focal point. Furthermore, he has also featured in a 4-2-3-1 system at Sassuolo, where there is added emphasis on attacking football - similar to United's style under Ten Hag. The forward would cost in the region of £45m, which would provide United with sufficient funds to spend elsewhere. READ MORE: Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag can sign very own Darwin Nunez for cut-price £45m transfer fee Joao Felix Now, this would be a signing to lift the fanbase, although it would take a potential club-record fee to get the move over the line. Atletico do not wish to sell the Portuguese star, who was signed from Benfica for a whopping £113m in the summer of 2019. But should United be willing to table significant money, there's every chance Atletico may entertain a sale to bolster their own spending power. Felix is a diminutive, skilful forward who would feel right at home playing alongside Martial, Sancho and Rashford, who all love to attack with freedom. Yet Felix has the creative flair, talent and IQ to knit it all together, even if he operates as a false-nine. He also knows Bruno Fernandes well from his time with the Portugal national side and the pair have flourished alongside one another, helping their country win the 2019 Nations League. The 22-year-old is more than likely out of reach but nonetheless, it's a deal worth exploring if the funds are there to launch a move. Jonathan David David is an attractive option, reportedly available for just £42m this summer should United be willing to make their move. The Canadian international is keen to depart Lille after two seasons with the club but so far, there have been no offers for the 22-year-old frontman. He fits Ten Hag's swashbuckling attacking style like a glove and is of a similar profile to United's current red-hot front three. For that reason, it would make perfect sense for them to invest in David, who is only going to grow and develop with every season that goes by. In the modern market, his value represents a potential bargain, particularly given his world-class potential. Sasa Kalajdzic Perhaps a left-field option, Kalajdzic is the kind of target man that could be a vital, selfless cog in United's machine. If he is able to hold the ball up for Martial, Sancho and Rashford, they could certainly exploit the gaps he creates when defenders group around him. Additionally, at 6ft 7inches, the Austrian could actually provide a presence in the box when United attack down the flanks. He is excellent in the air and also has the strength to pin his marker when United are forced to break down deep-lying defences. Reportedly available for just £16m, he could prove to be an intriguing option.