Scorching hot temperatures are often bad news for garden lawns, but it’s not just organic turf that can be hard to keep on top of in the hot weather. With highs of near 40C predicted to blast much of the UK tomorrow, garden-owners with artificial turf should follow a few key steps to keep their lawn from becoming a danger to pets and young children. Here’s what you need to know about artificial grass in a heatwave, and exactly how to keep it cool. All types of grass can struggle in extreme heat, especially those which are made of artificial materials. The artificial grass company Easigrass said: “As with decking or patios exposed to direct sunlight, fake turf temperature can rise quickly and will not have the natural cooling effect we may be used to from a real grass lawn.” Cheaper brands of artificial grass are more at risk of becoming “too hot” in the heat of summer when made of polyester or acrylic, though even high quality nylon or polypropylene turf can get very hot. READ MORE: 'Game changer' tip to clean 'cloudy' hard water marks from your shower It is important to note that while fake lawns can become hot quickly, they are “very unlikely” to melt or burn. Artificial grass experts Almost Grass said: “Regardless, all of these materials have a very high melting point, ranging from 250 degrees Fahrenheit for polyester to 428 degrees Fahrenheit for nylon. “The only way your artificial grass can get damaged under the sun is under glass magnification.” While fake grass won’t reach the same burning temperatures as concrete or asphalt surfaces, there are still a few things gardeners should do to keep fake lawns from getting ‘too hot’ to enjoy in a heatwave. READ MORE: How to stop grass turning yellow - 4 tips Easigrass recommended keeping young children and pets off of fake grass during extreme heat, or at least taking a few steps to cool it down before sitting or walking on it. Spray your lawn with water Artificial turf doesn’t need regular watering, though it will benefit from a light sprinkling of cold water to make it more bearable in the hot weather. There is no need to use the hose for hours, just a few minutes will do to instantly reduce the temperature of your grass. You may need to do this a few times throughout the day to keep it cool. DON'T MISS:‘Helps to retain more moisture’: The best length to cut your lawn [INSIGHT]‘Unnecessary stress’ - four things you should never do in a heatwave [LATEST]When to plant grass seed - benefits of seasonal sowing [REVEAL] A natural, easy, and temporary solution to a hot lawn is to block the sunlight with shadows. For instant relief, use lawn furniture to create shade or consider using a gazebo to cover a larger space. A well-landscaped garden can work as a long term remedy if your fake grass is constantly exposed to the sun. Allow trees and hedging to grow in borders and add more around your garden to increase the amount of shade.  Infill is an important part of regulating the temperature within the blades of artificial turf. Almost Grass said: “Choosing the infill has a significant impact on your grass’s performance in heat, and its ability to cool off. “The right infill will allow air to flow throughout the grass, cooling it down significantly, as well as making the grass feel softer as you walk through it.” Modern, light-coloured infill like silica sand and durafill sand are both superior choices for residential lawns, as they are designed with lighter colours so they don’t trap the heat from sun rays within your lawn.