Two lucky Britons will be waking up £1million richer this morning after winning the Premium Bond jackpot. This month's millionaires are from London and Surrey with winning bond numbers: 210ST236184 and 471RR305957.     The winner from Surrey only purchased the winning bond in September 2021 and had £30,600 invested in NS&I bonds. Meanwhile, the winner from inner London purchased theirs in August 2013 and had £22,350 invested. NS&I gave out £138million in cash prizes in July with lots of people winning smaller amounts. People from all over the UK picked up prizes between £5,000 and £1million. READ MORE: ‘I get £25 worth of food for £3.50’ Woman’s fantastic money saving tip NS&I recently increased the prize fund rate for its Premium Bonds from one percent to 1.40 percent. As a result, the odds of each £1 bond number winning a Premium Bonds prize have improved from 34,500 to one to 24,500 to one. Commenting on the news that came into effect in June, Ian Ackerley, NS&I’s chief executive, said: “The new prize fund rate ensures that Premium Bonds are priced appropriately when compared to the interest rates offered by our competitors. “It also ensures that we continue to balance the interests of savers, taxpayers and the broader financial services sector.” DON'T MISS:Huge support for state pension increase — ‘Lagging behind!’ [UPDATE]Pensioners entitled to extra £370 a month - who is eligible? [INSIGHT]Fake bank accounts and pension schemes warning as scams soar [WARNING]Thousands of Britons are paying too much for a TV licence - are you? [ALERT]   Premium Bonds have been popular since their launch in the 1950s but to this date £74million is still unclaimed in cash prizes. NS&I is urging anyone who has ever played to make sure their address details are up-to-date as one winner James nearly didn’t find out he was a millionaire. Agent Million, whose job it is to deliver the Premium Bonds jackpot prize to the lucky winners, arrived at James' address to tell him some life-changing news to find out he didn't live there anymore. Luckily, he had registered to manage his Premium Bonds online and had alternative contact details. READ MORE: Man says he's forced to skip meals after his energy bill quadrupled  James and his family had always been frugal, although he said: “My friends would call me tight." He told NS&I how he would shop for clothes in charity shops, had credit cards but never used them and paid for second hand cars in cash. To have a windfall sat in his bank account was a shock and he didn't spend anything for the first few months. Since winning the jackpot in August 2014, he has spent a lot of time thinking about how to use his windfall wisely.   What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea He told NS&I: "I had always taken permanent jobs in the past but I made the decision to go self-employed. I can now be my own boss. “I had always scrimped and saved and I didn’t want to be one of those people who won big money and lost it or spent it all ridiculously quickly. "The win has given me and my family stability and we know how lucky we are to be able to do things if and when we want.” Britons can check whether they have won anything on the Premium Bonds website where they can register and update their contact details.