The Prime Minister told senior ministers he will steer clear of major new measures that would bind his successor. But he set his caretaker Cabinet to work on tackling the big issues facing the country. Mr Johnson’s spokesman said the PM will continue to “deliver on issues of importance to the public”. They include moving forward with plans to deport illegal migrants to Rwanda and other big policies that were already agreed in government. No 10 confirmed the plan to send migrants crossing the English Channel in small boats to Rwanda will continue and suggested the first deportation flight off the ground could be made before a legal challenge against the policy is due to be heard on July 19. Mr Johnson’s spokesman said: “This is a pre-agreed Government policy. Convention doesn’t prevent or preclude government from seeking to fulfil that policy and that would include defending cases in court as required.” It is possible flights taking asylum seekers to Rwanda could depart before a judicial review, the spokesman said. The first deportation flight – due to take off in June – was grounded amid legal challenges. More than 13,000 people have arrived in the UK so far this year after crossing the Channel from France, according to provisional government figures. Aides said Mr Johnson was “all right” despite being brutally ousted by his own party just 24 hours earlier. They suggested the PM is likely to keep a low profile while his replacement is found, with appearances largely limited to outings like Prime Minister’s questions. Yesterday the PM made an unpublicised visit to a wholesale warehouse in his constituency. But anger and incredulity at the decision to jetison the PM was clear among a significant section of Tory supporters. Express readers reacted with anger to the merciless ousting of Mr Johnson by his own party. In an online poll carried out yesterday (FRI) 99 percent were outraged by the development. Asked “have the Tories made a mistake by forcing out Boris Johnson” 1,483 voted yes compared to just 21 for no. Education Secretary James Cleverly warned ministers who turned on Mr Johnson that many Tories will look unfavourably on their actions. He said: “I do think that demonstrating loyalty to others is important if you want people to demonstrate loyalty to you." “I think that will be one of the criteria that is taken very, very seriously by not just myself but a range of people.” Conor Burns, one of Mr Johnson’s closest allies, lamented the demise of “his boss and friend” and called on the Tory party to allow the outgoing Prime Minister to have “an exit with dignity”. He said: “I have a feeling of great sadness that it has come to an end in this way. And sadness for him that the enormous potential we had in 2019 and winning a massive majority, the first majority of that scale for the Conservative Party since Margaret Thatcher in ‘87 – that somehow that has been brought to an end. And in a sense, that opportunity that he was given has been squandered.” Mr Burns said he had continued to support the Prime Minister up until the day before he agreed to stand down. But he predicted the party would come to regret what happened. The MP added: “I think he accepts that the position was untenable. The colleagues had reached a conclusion and they’d reached it in such numbers, that it was impossible to turn it around." “I still believe that colleagues will look back and wonder, ‘what have we done?’” Mr Johnson continued to make ministerial appointments yesterday (FRI) to fill the gaps left by the mass walk that began on Tuesday evening. Nineteen MPs were given jobs, including leading Brexiteer Peter Bone, who became deputy leader of the House of Commons. Downing Street said Mr Johnson would not step aside to allow Dominic Raab to be the caretaker prime minister. The PM’s spokesman said: “The Prime Minister is acting in line with convention. He remains Prime Minister until a new party leader is in place and the work of government will continue while that takes place." Mr Cleverly dismissed claims that Mr Johnson should be replaced by a temporary premier while the Tory leadership contest is carried out. He said: “There’s no such thing as a caretaker Prime Minister. In our system, there is a Prime Minister. “I think the process now will be done professionally but promptly so that we can get a new Prime Minister who can form a new team in good time.” Mr Johnson pulled plans to hold regular press conferences on the economy and the cost-of-living crisis have been ditched. Plans for gambling reforms will now be put on hold as the white paper has yet to be published. But Mr Johnson’s government will continue talks with the European Union over the Northern Ireland Protocol. “It’s not that the Government cannot continue to deal with challenging or long-standing issues,” the PM’s spokesman said. “It is simply the convention to stick with delivering on pre-agreed policies, not unpicking them”.