Max Mayfield (played by Sadie Sink) was one of Vecna's (Jamie Campbell Bower) targets, determined to kill her so he could carry out his plan of destroying Hawkins. The gang knew the risk she was taking but Max knew it would be the only way to distract him long enough so her friends could try and kill him. But everything didn't quite go according to plan in the Netflix drama when Jason Carver (Mason Dye) stormed his way into the loft. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Stranger Things. Lucas Sinclair (Caleb McLaughlin) was at Max's side when she went under Vecna's trance in the Creel house loft. She tried to hold him off for as long as possible by focusing on a positive memory which, in this case, was her and Lucas attending the Snowball Dance together. However, it didn't take too long for Vecna to worm his way into her mind again to try and kill her. El (Millie Bobby Brown) showed up to protect her friend but while she was restrained, Vecna started his process of murdering Max. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Faith Dingle unveils tragic family secret In the normal world, Jason made his way into the loft and threatened to shoot Lucas if he didn't wake her up. He refused and the pair engaged in a fight, with Jason stepping on the cassette tape that had her "save me" song, Running Up That Hill. So when Vecna did lift her off the ground, Max's bones began to break and blood came streaming from her eyes. Once again, El came to the rescue and Vecna dropped Max before he could do any more damage. But when Lucas knelt down by his ex-girlfriend, her eyes were a misty white colour and the teen cried that she couldn't see. Moments later Max died, leaving Lucas clearly heartbroken but not for long as El managed to use her powers to save Max. Eight days later it is shown that Max is in a coma with two broken legs and one arm. Unfortunately, the attack also left her blind so at this stage, it seems unlikely her sight will return if she doesn't die. DON'T MISS...Wimbledon viewers in tears over Sue Barker tribute [REACTION]Why was Will crying in Stranger Things? [EXPLAINER]Stranger Things fans ‘work out’ who Eleven’s real father is  [SPOILER] Assuming she does survive, Max is going to have a difficult journey getting used to her new life. Not only will she have to slowly recover from having two broken legs, Max is going to have to get used to being blind. This will inevitably mean Max won't be able to skate anymore, something she has done since she was a little girl, which El saw in her memory. But fans are just going to have to wait and see if this really is the end of Max seeing. Netflix renewed Stranger Things for a fifth season earlier this year. Sadly, it was also revealed that this would be the sci-fi drama's final ever season so viewers are expecting a lot from these final episodes. As of yet, a potential release date for season five hasn't been announced. Stranger Things seasons 1-4 are available to watch on Netflix.