Jason Momoa, 42, was involved in a crash with a motorcyclist while driving on Old Topanga Road in Calabasas, California, on Sunday morning. It has been reported that the Aquaman star was driving through a bend when the motorcycle rider crossed over into his lane. The biker is understood to have hit the left front end of Jason’s Oldsmobile car, “bounced off the windshield” and “went flying”.Luckily, the motorcyclist was not seriously injured and was taken to hospital for minor injuries including a bruised leg and an injury to their thumb, sources told TMZ.The publication also reports that Jason was left unharmed. READ MORE:Loose Women's Linda Robson stuns in swimwear snaps on hols The law enforcement agency added that the Game Of Thrones actor got out of his car to help Mr Avagimyan when he was “ejected from his motorcycle”.Officers said: “[The rider] crossed over the double yellow lines into the eastbound lanes, directly into the path of Jason Momoa’s vehicle.“As a result of this collision, Avagimyan was ejected from his motorcycle.“After the collision, Momoa exited his vehicle to assist Avagimyan and was able to flag down a passing motorist to call 911.” Jason also “remained on scene throughout the investigation,” as reported by Independent.The California Highway Patrol is still investigating the collision.Representatives for Jason Momoa have been contacted by Express.co.uk for comment.Jason is also a keen motorcyclist and boasts a vast collection of Harley Davidsons. DON'T MISSGeri Halliwell and Christian Horner in unearthed early pics[PICTURES]Hugh Grant hits out at Priti Patel for 'inhumane' Heathrow conditions[LATEST]Paul Hollywood's admission as marriage fell apart 'Biggest mistake'[INSIGHT] In a new interview with Men’s Journal, Jason admitted that he “hoards everything” when it comes to “bikes, trucks and cars”.He said: “I love them all—knuckles, pans, shovels. They’re all different, they all sound great, and they’re all f***ing awesome.” He has also teamed up with Harley Davidson to create two collections. Announcing his second collection this week, Jason told his 17 million Instagram followers: “So excited to share my second @harleydavidson collection with you all inspired by my love for vintage bikes and my home.  “We shot everything while racing in the dirt with my friends filming our new show On The Roam can’t wait for you to see.  “I hope u enjoy the collection everything looks better dirty.”