The woman’s daughter, Tina Cooney, contacted the bank after her mum received a phone call to say that money had been taken out. She told the group over Twitter: “Hi my elderly mum has had a phone call to say 1000 has been taken from her account. “I can’t get into her app as it’s telling me there’s a technical fault. Should I be concerned?” Fraudsters often claim money has been taken out of a person’s account, and then say that the account is unsafe and the rest of the funds need to be moved. They will then give details of a so-called "safe account" where the victim can hold their money, which is in fact controlled by the scammers. A real bank representative would never ask a customer to transfer their money into a "safe account". Criminals also use this ploy to get people to hand over personal and banking details. READ MORE: ‘Take advantage!’ Pensioners could secure vital help with energy bills A representative of the bank responded to ask if the elderly pensioner had taken a note of the phone number. Ms Cooney said in reply: “I’m afraid she doesn’t. At 80 years of age she isn’t tuned into this kinda stuff. “However I finally managed to log onto the app and her funds are intact. Maybe it was a scam.” The bank responded again and urged the family to be vigilant. They said: “It sounds like a scam, Tina. DON'T MISSWoman, 69, explains how retirees could earn over £147 extra per week [EXCLUSIVE]TV licence reforms mooted: Could the licence fee be axed? [ANALYSIS]Free prescriptions available to 15 different groups of Britons [INSIGHT] “If your mum gets any more calls like this, she should check her account and if anything looks wrong get back in touch with us.” Ms Cooney said in reply: “We will, thank you. Why are people so cruel?” Lloyds recently warned parents about fraudsters using gaming to trick young people into handing over money or personal details. Research from the bank found that video game scams are on the rise and families are being encouraged to spot the signs of it as soon as possible. READ MORE: Attendance Allowance: Health conditions which may entitle you to £370 Children are left particularly exposed to this type of fraud as parents often don’t understand how video games work. A quarter of parents surveyed by the bank said that they did not have the essential knowledge on how to protect their child from such scams. Some 36 percent of parents were concerned that their family finances were at risk due to video game scams. Identity theft, phishing and hacking are the most popular gaming scams used to target children. Other research from the bank also found that romance scams are on the rise. The average victim loses £8,655 through the cruel, drawn-out scam where a fake romantic partner urges a person to send them money. People over 45 are most at risk of romance scams, although victims aged 18 to 24 lost an average of £2,128. Fraudsters often use social media sites to target people.