The aircraft, built by Boom Supersonic is capable of travelling up to speeds of Mach 1.7 over water and can carry up to 80 passengers in certain configurations. The US military has launched plans to adopt a version of the type, with defence giant Northrop-Grumman, set to work on the project.  Speaking of the move, Boom founder and CEO Blake Scholl said: “Overture is revolutionary in its design, and it will fundamentally change how we think about distance. “Overture will make the world dramatically more accessible for tens of millions of passengers.” According to figures, 70 units of the type have already been pre-sold, with Boom Supersonic hoping to start production in 2024. The first commercial flights are expected to take place in 2026.  Leading the pack of civilian airliners hoping to be the first to offer the service is US-based United Airlines, which is believed to have placed an order for 50 of the aircraft. Flights between New York and London are said to be a prime candidate for the first flights, with travel times expected to last no longer than three and half hours. On a longer route, San Francisco to Tokyo in just 6 hours is also a possibility.United Airlines have planned for a “net-zero” carbon footprint with the aircraft, using sustainable aviation fuel as its main source of energy. The aircraft has been given the name “Son of Concorde” due to its striking resemblance to the ill-fated Franco-British icon of the 1970s which flew successfully until a fatal crash in Paris saw the type grounded indefinitely.  READ MORE:Concorde 2.0: NASA shares incredible video of 'quiet' supersonic jet Boom’s Overture project is a bold one. Supersonic travel is inefficient compared to subsonic flight because of the extra fuel needed for higher speeds. It is a tough sell at a time when the industry is going to great lengths to lower emissions. Boom says it will use so-called sustainable aviation fuel to limit its carbon output. Also interested in the aircraft is “world’s best airline” winner Qatar Airways.In 2018, CEO Akbar Al-Baker said the airline is "very interested in supersonic flight". He added: “Qatar Airways would be very interested to look at it and we wouldn't hesitate to be the launch customer. “The only reason we are not committing to this is that they have still not identified who will be the engine manufacturer for this aeroplane. “Once there is a proper commitment from an engine manufacturer to this programme, Qatar Airways would be very interested in a small number of these aeroplanes.”  DON'T MISS:Putin's plot foiled in chilling new plan to escalate war [REVEAL]RAF chief lambasts 'desperate' Russia Air Force [REPORT]Russian army morale in tatters – rule-breaking Wagner group 'heroes' [INSIGHT] With renewable and cleaner energy being a major theme at this year’s Farnborough Air Show, many of the stands reflected paths into green energy in the aviation sector. Engine maker Rolls-Royce on Tuesday signed a deal with low-cost airline EasyJet to develop hydrogen engines for its fleet, with ground tests planned for later this year. The move could see the re-entry of Rolls-Royce into the market for smaller aircraft engines, so-called narrowbody planes, which typically ferry passengers around Europe. Rolls-Royce has spent many years specialising in larger engines for planes which make transatlantic trips. Scroll down to our comments section below to share YOUR views on this story EasyJet and Rolls-Royce said passengers would be travelling on hydrogen-powered aircraft from the mid-2030s onwards. Derby-based engine maker Rolls signed a similar deal earlier in the week with South Korean car maker Hyundai to develop technology for air taxis. Farnborough also saw the unveiled of the VX4 electric aircraft vehicle. Much like a normal electric family car, energy is supplied by a standard plug-in charger and can see the aircraft fly at over 200mph for a range of over 100 miles. The type can carry up to 5 people and has propellers powered by Rolls-Royce technology.  Follow me on Twitter @JamesLee_DE for more Defence and Aviation News