Globally-minded Brexiteers argued that leaving the EU should not mean looking inwards but looking outwards to the rest of the world. To do this we need back our Global Champions who export around the world. We need to back British business in the same way other countries back their producers to sell to the world.  A recent report on global trade criticised the British government for not doing as much as other countries. We badly need to up our game but luckily we have an ace card to play – our Royal family. As Royal courtiers plot an uncertain future for the Firm they should consider getting our Royals out there making money for Great Britain PLC, there is nothing grubby about turning a profit and making money. If we are serious about going for growth, the Royal Family needs to do its bit. When the time comes we should expect a new King to lead the charge in selling Britain. King Charles should be the Brexit King and embrace the role fully, rather than peddling environmentalism and criticising government policy from the throne. It is an obvious solution to the long-term role of the Royal family. Critics point to the money spent on palace upkeep and security but if they are bringing in huge sums of money then these concerns will soon disappear. No one turns down an invite from the Palace.  It is becoming painfully obvious that the days of Royal tours, and shaking hands with grateful foreigners is coming to an abrupt end. Recent tours have been a disaster, something not lost on Palace courtiers who are now rethinking the role of British Royals overseas. Deference is long gone and with it, the expectation that any nation rolling out the red carpet will simply smile and courtesy as our Royals glide through their country. Aides to Prince Charles have already said the new King will review the use of Royal palaces. Why not turn one of these regal piles into a dedicated space for promoting UK trade abroad. When the time comes the new King should set up a King’s Business Council at St James’s Palace. Just like the Commonwealth that has been so successful over the years, this new global trading body would use the soft convening power of the British monarchy to champion British trade and investment overseas. Let us put added oomph into efforts to boost British trade abroad in the way only Britain can do. The government has confirmed that a new national flagship will be built to promote trade across the world. This vessel, misleadingly described as a "new Royal yacht" is intended to replace HMY Britannia which was shamefully de-commissioned in 1997. Ben Wallace and officials at the Ministry of Defence have been told to get on and get this new vessel built. A suitably enthusiastic government press release tells us the ship "will be distinct from that of any previous national flagship, reflecting the UK’s new status as an independent trading nation and helping us to seize the opportunities that status presents." Absolutely right, that is the spirit! 