In response to the record-high petrol and diesel prices, many motorists have tried using fuel-saving techniques to save them money. Current RAC Fuel Watch data shows that petrol, super unleaded and diesel prices should fall in the coming days and weeks. Britons face average costs of 188.76p per litre, while diesel drivers will pay more at 196.96p per litre. Driving with the windows down decreases the aerodynamics and increases the drag, which slows the vehicle down. However, driving with the air conditioning puts more stress on the engine. Either way, the vehicle is going to need more fuel to run, with drivers being advised to find the right option when driving. READ MORE: Simple way drivers can save money on fuel by adjusting their windows Drivers have been told not to roll down their windows when driving to keep them cool. Depending on their speed, rolling down the windows may cost them even more. James Baker, from Reg Car Check, called on drivers to monitor the use of their air conditioning, especially at higher speeds. Speaking to Express.co.uk, he said: “Driving with your air conditioning on at a low speed can inflict stress on the car’s engine, leading to extreme fuel consumption. DON'T MISS'Only a matter of time' before diesel vehicles are 'prohibited' [SHOCKING]Drivers urged to follow little-known ventilation trick to cool cars [INSIGHT]Drivers warned of road chaos as fuel protests set to hit the UK today [WARNING] “Travelling at speeds of up to 60 miles an hour, it’s best to open the vehicle's windows. “Anything above 60 mph, it’s cost-effective to use your air conditioning. “If you arrive at your car and it is hot, open the windows to cool the car before you switch over to the air con. “Ensure that your air con is not idlily left on when you do not need it. “This can cost up to £7.50 per month." Motorists can improve their fuel efficiency even more when driving on the motorway with the air conditioning on. A majority of drivers turn the AC on high for a few minutes, turn it down, and then turn it back up again when it starts to get warmer. Instead, drivers should keep the air conditioner set at a proper temperature to keep the cabin regulated. Earlier this week, the AA forecast that the cost of filling up a car is set to be £10 cheaper within a fortnight. Wholesale petrol that had peaked above £1 a litre on June 1 fell to below 80p a litre for much of last week. This indicates that as much as 20p could fall from record highs at the pump within the next two weeks.