The young royal appears to have taken after his mother Kate, just like George, in his love for tennis. Louis, four, is already playing, the duchess revealed as she chatted to Djokovic after presenting him with his trophy on Sunday. Last weekend, Djokovic beat Nick Kyrgios 4-6 6-3 6-4 7-6 (7-3) to claim his first Grand Slam title since Wimbledon 2021. The Serb, who has won seven of his 21 Grand Slam titles at the South London championship, told the duchess he had noticed Prince George, eight, in the royal box and asked if he played tennis. Kate told him: "George is playing. They're all playing, even Louis who's four. They're all keen." READ MORE: Prince Louis’s last name to change in bizarre Royal Family tradition While George's passion for the sport was well-known, it will come as a surprise to royal watchers to find out the youngest of the Cambridge children is practising already too. As Kate congratulated Djokovic following the three-hour men's singles final on Centre Court, she told the tennis star her eldest son, for whom it was the first time at Wimbledon, had been fascinated by the match. She said: "The level of tennis, the way you played was amazing and for George to see. "It was his first time here. He's eight." Meeting the winner is thought to have been a big moment for the boy. As the prince entered the All England Lawn Tennis and Croquet Club dressed smartly in a full navy blue suit with shirt, he greeted Wimbledon's dignitaries and shyly told one of the staff he was backing Djokovic. George even got his hands on the Wimbledon trophy after the 35-year-old trusted him to hold the gold cup, with the Duke of Cambridge warning his son not to drop it. The Cambridges' younger children, seven-year-old Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis, did not attend Wimbledon. George and Charlotte are thought to have had to say goodbye to their friends at St Thomas's Battersea school last week as the summer break began and the two royals might be starting somewhere else in September as the family is set to move from London to Windsor. DON'T MISSDiana dated forgotten Wimbledon star during marriage to Charles [INSIGHT]Queen’s ‘dislike’ for tennis – only visited Wimbledon four times [EXPLAINER]Prince George 'got a little shy' answering question at Wimbledon [ANALYSIS] However, all three children are understood to be into tennis. In 2019, an insider told HELLO that the Cambridge children love visiting Hurlingham Club in Fulham, where they go into the clubhouse afterwards for lunch or tea and act "just like any other normal family". Prince Geroge, unlike a "normal" child, once received a special lesson from a tennis legend and friend of his mother – Roger Federer. The eight-time men's champion said he had met the youngster and given him a class back in 2019, when he visited the Cambridges at their Norfolk residence. Calling the prince a "cute boy", he said he hoped George would continue practising as he grows older. Speaking of their lesson together, Federer said: "At that stage, it's all about just touching the ball, it's already good. Same with my boys." The 40-year-old Swiss, who did not play Wimbledon this year because of a knee injury, said: "I love to see that they're into tennis or into sports. "His mum has always enjoyed their tennis. "I hope that he'll still say the same in a few years' time."