Manchester United are being linked with Memphis Depay, with reports claiming he’s on the Red Devils’ radar. Erik ten Hag wants to land a new forward this summer. And though the attacker previously toiled at Old Trafford, he’s since rebuilt his career to become a formidable asset to have. Manchester United boss Ten Hag has confirmed he wants more attacking firepower as he looks to bring the glory days back to Old Trafford. “I think it’s vital if you want to get success, the season is really long,” he said when asked about the importance of adding to his squad in the offensive positions. “That is a reason, but also the number of games. You need more options in offence. But we also have still time to fill that in. “We signed (Christian) Eriksen for the midfield, we are really happy with that. I am really happy with the performance of the midfield and offence at this moment. “But I also know this season, a lot of games, World Cup, so we need more options. “We have a good team, we need a good squad to get the right results at the end of the season.” Man Utd transfers: Barcelona draw up De Jong punishment plan Amid United’s desire to add to their squad, links to Depay have arisen. The Netherlands international previously moved to Old Trafford back in the summer transfer window of 2015, when Louis van Gaal was manager. Things started well enough, with Depay scoring a sensational brace as United beat Club Brugge early into his spell in England. But he lasted just 18 months with the Red Devils, with the forward then leaving for Lyon in January 2017. Depay has rebuilt his career since leaving United, however. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong He was outstanding during his spell in France, scoring 63 goals and registering 45 assists from 139 appearances in Ligue 1. And if United did bring Depay back, there’s no doubt he’d be returning as a completely different player to the one he was before. He’d certainly be a good recruit to provide competition for the likes of Anthony Martial, Cristiano Ronaldo, Jadon Sancho and Marcus Rashford. And Depay would also be an exciting addition, too, given his goalscoring output and creative instincts. So Express Sport will now take a look at the potential shirt numbers he could wear if he ends up sealing a dramatic return to Old Trafford. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. Highly unlikely, but the No 6 shirt is currently free at United following the departure of Paul Pogba. While it’s available for the time being, there is an expectancy it will end up being given to Lisandro Martinez - who has joined from Ajax. It’s unclear if Mason Greenwood will ever play for United again, meaning his No 11 jersey could be given to somebody else. Made famous by Ryan Giggs, the likes of Martial and Adnan Januzaj have previously struggled with those digits on their backs. United saw Lee Grant depart this summer, four years after being recruited when Jose Mourinho ruled the roost. And that means the No 13 jersey is vacant. Arguably it’s best-ever occupant at United was Ji-Sung Park, who became a cult hero during his time with the Red Devils. Jesse Lingard called time on his United career this summer, with the England international joining Nottingham Forest on a free transfer. His old No 14 shirt is up for grabs, with Javier Hernandez, Zoran Tosic and Alan Smith donning the number in previous years. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Made famous by Nemanja Vidic, the No 15 is another possible option for Depay if he ends up joining United. It was last worn by Andreas Pereira, who has departed for Fulham after spending the last two years out on loan in Brazil. United star Bruno Fernandes decided to give up the No 18 jersey, with the Portugal international taking on the No 8 shirt instead. And that means the number worn by Paul Scholes and Ashley Young in previous years is now available to Depay and other new potential signings. United will be aiming to win a 21st league title this season. And that number is free for the time being, though there’s certainly a sense it’s being reserved for Depay’s Barcelona team-mate Frenkie de Jong. Lingard isn’t the only player to leave United for Nottingham Forest, with Dean Henderson doing the same - albeit on loan. That means the No 26 shirt is free, with Greenwood, Shinji Kagawa and Gabriel Obertan all sporting it over the years. Other potential numbers: 30, 31, 32, 35, 40.