Tottenham could wrap up the transfer of Djed Spence in the next few days after a breakthrough in negotiations. Spurs have been pursuing the right-back for some time, but have reportedly made good progress and are now confident of completing a deal for the 21-year-old.    Spence has attracted a lot of transfer interest this summer following an outstanding season on loan with Nottingham Forest from Middlesbrough. The full-back was instrumental in helping Steve Cooper’s side win promotion to the Premier League via the play-offs, making 39 appearances across the campaign. Forest were keen to sign him on a permanent basis, but Spurs appear to have now won the race, with The Athletic reporting that Tottenham chairman Daniel Levy, his Middlesbrough counterpart Steve Gibson reached an agreement on Thursday over the transfer. A medical is now expected to take place in the next 48 hours, provided there are no further hiccups. Sky Sports reports that Spurs will pay an initial fee of £12.5million to Boro, which could rise to £20m if all add-ons are met. Spence, who began his career in Fulham’s academy before joining Middlesbrough in the summer of 2018, will then become Tottenham’s sixth major signing of the season, following the arrivals of Ivan Perisic, Fraser Forster, Yves Bissouma, Richarlison and loanee Clement Lenglet.  JUST IN: Liverpool threaten to hijack Man Utd move after 'talking' to agent Antonio Conte was insistent that Spurs made the most of the summer transfer window after finishing in fourth place to secure a spot in next season’s Champions League. The former Chelsea boss has tasked Levy and football director Fabio Paratici with bringing in reinforcements and so far it has been a success. The next stage of the plan is to sell the unwanted fringe players still on the books. Conte has made it clear which players he sees as part of his squad and those who he does not.  DON'T MISS Arsenal recommended two 'very good' midfielders perfect for Arteta De Jong looks set to be stripped of Barcelona number as Man Utd hover Lisandro Martinez poses for picture ahead of Man Utd transfer While the likes of Bryan Gil and Pape Matar Sarr have travelled on the pre-season tour of South Korea, others were not included in the squad. Giovani Lo Celso, Harry Winks, Sergio Reguilon and Tanguy Ndombele have all been left behind in London to train by themselves at Hotspur Way as the club tries to arrange transfers for them. Winks is the subject of transfer interest from Everton, Lo Celso could move permanently to Villarreal where he made an impression on loan last season. Ndombele reportedly has been eyed by Paris Saint-Germain and Reguillon has emerged as a shock target for Barcelona, despite previously playing for rivals Real Madrid. 