Cain (played by Jeff Hordley) took centre stage with his sister, Chas Dingle (Lucy Pargeter), and mother, Faith Dingle (Sally Dexter), in the latest instalment of Emmerdale. As Faith's decision to stop her treatment for cancer played heavy on their minds, the siblings ended up discussing how their relationships with their mother changed when she walked out on them and left them to be raised by Shadrach Dingle (Andy Devine). Though, it seems that decision had more of an impact on Cain than anyone would have known and it could be Chloe Harris' (Jessica Elland) father could have something to do with this and his arrival on the ITV soap could have huge ramifications. The episode very much focused on Chas trying to make Cain see sense to bury the hatchet with their mother as her time was running out. As he was hesitant to let go of the past, his sister got angrier by the second, leading her to throw a glass toward his head. But as they sat down, they realised their past still haunts them to this day and especially for Cain, a lot of trauma from his childhood had an impact on his adult life. "Do you have any idea how much she craves your attention? Your approval? It means everything to her," Chas explained to her brother. In a very out-of-character reaction, it was clear the bad boy was trying to fight back the tears as his past came to the forefront of his mind. READ MORE: 1883’s Faith Hill opens up on Yellowstone filming struggles "But she left us, Chas. We were kids and she left us alone with him," the beloved character said, with his sister telling him their mother had never forgiven herself. "Good and neither have I. I don't have to close my eyes to go back there. I would never do what she's managed to do time after time," Cain continued. "It's built into every moment of happiness I've ever come close to having. But do you know what? After everything she's done, I still [love her]. "After she walked out and left us with him, I started to kid myself that maybe she had actually died, I knew she hadn't. "I knew that and then one day, these two lads found us in the box at school and you could tell I'd been crying," he added as he reflected on his past. Continuing to explain, Cain said: "I told them that my mum had just been killed in a car crash and they just laughed. "But it was right then it was something I stopped telling myself to make myself feel better and it became something I actually believed was true. "And I know that's why she never came back for us," he said as he burst into tears, something which is very rare for Cain. Composing himself, he added: "It broke me then and I cannot let it break me again." Although Cain eventually decided to move on from his past and make peace with his mother by the end of the episode, the trauma he suffered will still linger inside him. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Joanne Mitchell shares delight at playing 'baddy' Sandra [COMMENT]Nicola Wheeler health: Emmerdale star opens up about operation [ANALYSIS]Charley Webb leaves Emmerdale co-stars in tears with moving clip [COMMENT] But what could make it 10 times worse is if Damon Harris turns up in the village after spending years behind bars for his crimes. As Cain tries to help his mother and spend time with her in the last few months of his life, he could be horrified to see the man who bullied him at school in the village. He would also be devastated to learn he is the father of young Chloe, who is best friends with Sarah Sugden (Katie Hill). With the two men coming face-to-face, Damon would have no idea how much his bullying Cain at school had an impact on him as a person. Cain isn't usually a character to shy away from confrontation but he might not be able to physically bring himself to confront Damon. Will Cain have finally met his match after being indestructible for so many years and will Damon's arrival have an impact on the time he has left with Faith? The actress who plays Chloe, Jessica, has previously spoken out about her character's father arriving in the village at some point. Jessica explained: "There’s a lot of exciting stuff coming up so you’ll just have to stay tuned. There’s a lot of interesting stuff. "I’m really excited to get stuck into it. I’m really excited for the viewers to see it and hear what they think. "I’ve really liked the opportunity to get to know Chloe more and develop Chloe more and see how she’s settling into the village, let’s say," she told The Sun. The actress also told Metro.co.uk: "I think it’s so amazing that a character that has been off-screen has had such an influence in a character on-screen. "There’s so much stuff that could happen if we were to see him, it’s very exciting," she added. So will Damon arrive with a connection to Cain or will he be someone who has absolutely no links to the village whatsoever? The last time Cain was linked to a newcomer was when Nate Robinson (Jurell Carter) arrived as the bad boy's long-lost son who he never knew anything about. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.