Ralf Little has played detective Neville Parker since series nine of Death in Paradise. The actor took over from Ardal O’Hanlon, who played DI Jack Mooney in the BBC drama. Jack decided to leave the beautiful island of Saint Marie so that he could spend time with his daughter. Despite getting off to a challenging start and being allergic to everything, Neville soon settled into island life. Neville and his co-stars have already begun filming for series 12 of Death in Paradise. The cast usually spent several months out in the Caribbean in order to film the BBC cop drama. Ralf often keeps his social media followers updated about the antics he gets up to behind the scenes. The actor also shares snaps from on set, teasing his followers with what’s to come. READ MORE: BBC's Mike Bushell leaves guest gobsmacked after he runs off However, in his most recent Instagram post, the Two Pints of Lager star explained they were taking a break from filming. Sharing a video from his hotel room, Ralf told his followers he had travelled to St Lucia for some downtime with his wife. “We have some downtime from filming @deathinparadiseofficial so decided to head to @sandals_uk in St Lucia for some R&R with the other half,” the Neville Parker star wrote. “First day here, just got back from the beach and… well… the service is *next level*.” (sic) In the clip, Ralf explained to his followers that he was so impressed with the service at the hotel. After a day at the beach, he arrived back in his room only to be greeted by a bubble bath. “That is pretty sensational,” the actor beamed before placing his foot in the tub of bubbles. “I am all about this life,” Ralf later added as the clip showed him fully in the bath. DON'T MISS...NCIS’ Pauley Perrette ‘really excited’ as she makes rare TV return [INSIGHT]Coronation Street theory: Stephen Reid is Aaron Sandford's father  [SPOILERS]BBC Breakfast backlash as viewers blast coverage 'Any real news today? [REACTION] Series 11 of Death in Paradise concluded with the Commissioner (played by Don Warrington) discovering he had a secret daughter with Maggie Harper (Orla Brady). Selwyn got a blast from the past when Neville and the team were investigating the suspicious death of a chess player. The commissioner later confided in bar owner Catherine, (Élizabeth Bourgine) admitting to her that he had a daughter. However, fans have come up with their own theories and thoughts about what could happen in series 12. Many believe the Commissioner’s daughter will make a surprise appearance in Saint Marie, in order to get to know her father better. They went on to claim that in doing so, she could strike up an unlikely romance with detective Parker. One user on Reddit penned: “I’m getting strong vibes Neville is going to hook up with Selwyn’s daughter when she comes to Saint Marie to meet him…” User Geek of Nature went on to reply: “Oh I didn't even think about that. Death in Paradise is available to watch on BBC iPlayer and BritBox.