UK temperatures rose to an unbearably hot 40.3C last week, the highest on record that left many people struggling in otherwise stunning weather. The brief spike in the mercury has subsided, giving people a much-needed respite, but summer is not over yet. Forecasters have warned another heatwave may raise temperatures once more next month. The latest weather forecasts suggest summer is planning to go out with a bang in August. According to the Met Office, southern areas of the country should brace for temperatures to surge back into the 30C range. Days of "above average" temperatures could see the mercury surge forward by nearly 10C on current highs. READ MORE: EU embarrassment as bloc proves unprepared for scorching heatwave Speaking to the Evening Standard, Met Office spokesman Stephen Dixon said the organisation's medium-range models show the potential for "some above average temperatures in the south of the UK" in the first week of August. He said it was possible the UK could experience anything "from the mid-20s to the low 30s" during that time. Weather maps confirm this, as daily highs in the UK show temperatures staying firmly in the high 20C range. WXCharts, which uses data from MetDesk, shows the southeast will remain hot and dry. From Saturday, July 30 to Sunday, July 31, highs will grace 26C, and rain is scarce. The temperature may exceed these levels, as Mr Dixon warned of "even warmer interludes". He conceded the "extent and duration" of the warmth is unclear, as the forecast is less accurate at this range. Experts are preparing for more hot weather to follow continued extreme highs on continental Europe. Western Europe, which is usually hotter on average, still rival those experienced in the UK last week. Paris, just over the English Channel, has several incoming days of 30C and 31C highs as France enters August. And neighbouring Spain will see temperatures reach 37C today in Madrid, highs likely to surge towards 38C by July 31 and 39C by August 1 and 2. Popular British tourist destination Gibraltar will experience highs of 38C today. Some of that heat could eventually bleed towards a parched England, which is currently on “prolonged dry weather status”. The status means the UK's lack of rain has caused reservoir water levels to drop, leaving the country on the verge of drought. Chances of rain remain low, meaning that next stage could come soon and force water companies to introduce limits for their customers. The National Drought Group, members of which come from Government departments and affiliated groups, will weigh restrictions when they meet today.