Kate Hudson paid a tender tribute to her stepdad Kurt Russell on father's day this year. It comes as the Bride Wars star, 43, and her actor brother Oliver Hudson, 45, were brought up by their actress mother, Goldie Hawn, and her longtime partner Kurt Russell, after The First Wives Club star split from their father, musician Bill Hudson, after six years of marriage. Taking to Instagram, Kate shared her feelings about her stepdad in view of her 15.5 million followers. She wrote: "Fun, adventurous, passionate, determined, honest, devoted, amazing father and the best head of hair in Los Angeles! "Lucky us! Love you Pa! Happy Fathers Day," she ended the post. The Hollywood star shared a sweet snap of herself cuddling her stepdad as he affectionately laid a hand on her head. READ MORE: Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen emotional amid daughter Raven's news Replying to her daughter's sweet snap, Goldie commented: "Honey this picture speaks volumes," alongside three heart emojis. In a later reply, Kate's mum added: "Honey I showed this to daddy. "Here’s his message… “'Birdie, mommy just showed me this picture, this perfect Father’s Day present. Kurt went on: "I’ve never seen it before. Wow... it’s a killer. Lotta water under the bridge... "It’s kinda hard to see it though cause all that water seems to somehow have found its way into my eyes... "Thanks for making me the luckiest father in the world sweetheart. I love you, Pa'", it ended. Elsewhere, Kate spoke candidly about her step-siblings and her wish to "connect" with them. DON'T MISS... Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen's 'invasive' issue ahead of divorce [INSIGHT]Hugh Grant hits out at Priti Patel for 'inhumane' Heathrow conditions [ANALYSIS]Demi Rose leaves little to imagination in incredibly tight corset [UPDATE] Speaking on her Sibling Revelry podcast to brother Oliver, she said: "I've been thinking about our sisters that we don't spend any time with, and our brother. Brothers. "We've got four siblings we don't spend any time with. I was thinking about how everybody's getting older. "I just had this moment of like, it would be nice to connect a little bit, especially with my sisters. "So I've been thinking a lot about the Hudsons," she admitted. In 2015, Kate's brother Oliver shared a picture of biological dad Bill on Instagram captioning it: "Happy abandonment day". Responding to the post, the musician told Daily Mail that he doesn't want anything to do with Oliver and Kate. He said: "I say to them now, ‘I set you free.' I had five birth children but I now consider myself a father of three. "I no longer recognise Oliver and Kate as my own. "I would ask them to stop using the Hudson name. They are no longer a part of my life," he explained. How To Lose A Guy in 10 Days is on at 3.05pm on Channel 4 today.