Annie Jones left Neighbours in 1989 and the 53-year-old has given the heartbreaking reason as to why. She was known for playing Jane Harris - a role she took on in 1986 - and she was known as Plain Jane Superbrain. Express.co.uk has everything you need to know about why Annie Jones stopped working in TV ahead of the final episode airing. Annie Jones chose to leave the soap after three years in order to look after her late mother, Elizabeth, who died in 2016. Elizabeth was diagnosed with Alzheimer's, and for a period of 20 years Jones turned down TV roles in order to look after her. She told The Mirror she did not regret her decision, as she said looking after her mother made her a better person. Jones said: "Anyone who has had anything to do with Alzheimer's or dementia will know what it's like. It's heartbreaking, seeing someone disappear before your eyes." Her mother, who lived in Melbourne, was diagnosed with the condition in 1994 - five years after Jones left Neighbours. READ MORE: Where are the original cast of Neighbours now? However, fans will be pleased to hear the star would be returning to the famous Ramsay Street as a series regular. She said: "Jane is returning to her old neighbourhood and bringing with her an insight into what her life away from Ramsay Street has been like for the past 30 years." The star has already made a guest appearance on the show's 35th anniversary episode, and fans were pleased to see her return. The selfless actress has been praised by fans and co-stars for turning down international success to take care of her mother. She starred alongside the famous Kylie Minogue and Jason Donovan in the Australian series. READ MORE: Neighbours theory: Susan and Karl Kennedy leave Ramsay Street Jones said: "I left just after Kylie and Jason, it was my decision. I just wanted to do other things, join other shows and do other jobs. "I don't regret it [pausing her career], it's probably made me a better person in many ways." She said the experience of looking after her mother has also made her a more empathetic actress. Her character was known for being the blonde bombshell after having a makeover. Jones had originally auditioned for Minogue's role as Charlene Mitchell, but she missed out.  Her geeky image on the series prompted the character's nickname, and she was given an iconic makeover to win Mike Young's (Guy Pearce) heart. Jane's exit from the series saw her receiving bad news about Nell's (Vivean Gray) health and she made the decision to leave for England. Her fiancé Des (Paul Keane) tried to stop her, but she ignored his pleas and the wedding was put on hold. Speaking to Studio 10 about her time on the series, Jones said one of the most iconic scenes was Charlene and Scott's (Donovan) wedding. She said her first day on set was with Minogue and she was able to play one of the singer's bridesmaid's in the wedding episode. The official Neighbours Twitter account tweeted a photo of Jones with Charlotte Chimes, who is playing her estranged daughter, Nicolette Stone. The tweet said: "One of our much-loved heritage characters, Jane Harris played by Annie Jones, is returning to Neighbours as a regular cast member and she isn't alone." One fan said: "Best news ever. Jane is not only a legacy character but Annie Jones is a superb actress. "She is going to be fantastic. Well done #Neighbours for always respecting your history." Other fans said they were happy to see Jane get new storylines beyond her heritage, and they were excited to find out what happened to her.  