The bleeding and bruised man asked for help in the bar but was thrown out - and as he sat on the pavement outside in a distressed state a female member of the gang kicked him in the face before laughing. Only two members of the gang have ever been identified - Stephanie Jones and her partner Jordan Davies. The couple refused to tell police who else was involved in the sickening attack on an innocent man, and the other assailants remain at large. But a court heard Jones, Davies and the rest of the gang "convinced themselves without any foundation that he (the victim) was a paedophile" and approached his campervan parked near a pub in New Quay, Wales. While members of the group used their mobiles as torches and shone lights in the victim's face, Jones and Davies beat the man up, stripped him naked, and stole his electronic device, phone and laptop along with cash and bank cards, Wales Online reports. Jones said the group then forced the naked, bruised and bloodied man to walk to the nearby Sea Horse pub and pushed him inside in an act designed to "degrade and humiliate" him further. He said the victim, a Lithuanian national working in the UK, asked people in the bar for help but "for reasons that are not clear" he was told to leave the premises. The injured and distressed man sat on the pavement outside and then the female member of the group - later identified as Jones - kicked him forcibly in the head before laughing. The victim suffered a subarachnoid haemorrhage - bleeding on the brain - in addition to the obvious cuts, bruises and severe swelling around the eyes. Jones, 29, and Davies, 28, had previously pleaded guilty to robbery and inflicting grievous bodily harm on the day they were due to stand trial. They were both sentenced to 42 months in prison at Swansea Crown Court last week. Judge Paul Thomas QC told the defendants they had taken part in an "animalistic" attack on a visitor to Wales, launching a callous and sustained attack on an innocent man and showing him no mercy as they beat and then humiliated him. The judge described the delay in prosecuting the couple as "so egregious it is quite startling", and noted that in the intervening years the defendants had tackled their drink and drug problems, and made great strides in turning their lives around. Since the attack, the victim has suffered panic attacks and psychological problems and hasn't recovered his laptop and other devices, which he used for his freelance job and is therefore now unemployed.  The court heard Davies, from Llanelli, southwest Wales, since chatted to friends on social media about the events of the night, and in one of the messages boasted the victim was "a mess - ha ha" and in another said he had "robbed him and made him walk through New Quay naked". In other messages, dad-to-two Davies expressed concern about the police presence in the town following the attack and about the possibility of being caught, but said he had spoken to others at the scene and they told him they would keep their mouths shut. The court heard Davies was also worried about people in New Quay talking about the incident and about rumours circulating. Jones also effectively made admissions about her involvement in the attack in a Facebook post in which she talked about "the boys" going to the van of a man they believed to be "paedo" and beating him up, something which made her "happy". He also described how she had told the man to take his clothes off before kicking him in the head. Following inquiries in the town, police arrested Jones and her partner Davies. The other people who took part in the assault and robbery have never been identified. James Hartson, defending Davies, described his client as a "very, very immature" young man who had no idea of the seriousness of his conduct on the night in question, and had initially seemed to "glory and revel in it". He said the defendant had been identified and arrested within 48 hours of the incident yet it had taken Dyfed-Powys Police some 40 months to charge him via a postal requisition. Lee Davies, for Jones, said nothing he could say could mitigate the offence itself but he said the defendant's remorse for her actions on the night in question permeated her pre-sentence report. He said a woman in America had seen his client's Facebook post and alerted police in west Wales within days of the incident, and it "beggared belief" it had taken police so long to bring charges. He added that arrangements had been made for Jones' and Davies' two young daughters to be looked after by his client's mother during any period of incarceration.  