Summer on the Farm returned on Monday night and saw Helen Skelton back in front of the camera to present the week-long special. Jules Hudson was missing from the show after Helen revealed he was away on his holiday and would be joined by Martin Hughes-Games. As the pair kicked off the first episode, many flocked to their social media page to praise Helen's positive attitude after her split from ex-husband Richie Myler. Introducing the show, Helen welcomed Martin to the family and revealed to viewers that Jules was on holiday. They gave an insight into what viewers can expect from the week ahead, with a potential live birth from one of their horses. As the programme continued, viewers couldn't help but comment on how healthy and positive Helen looked. @newcastleguy commented on their Twitter page: "Good to see you back as I love this program and wish it was on for two weeks, not just one." READ MORE: BBC Breakfast viewers thrilled as they welcome back much-loved host @rattycastle praised: "How good to see @HelenSkelton taking life in her stride in her native #Cumbria #summeronthefarm." @73itrocks added: "@onthefarmc5 @channel5_tv @HelenSkelton is just a delight to watch. She makes me smile. Lovely girl. So charming and full of life." @Bluestockingmum exclaimed: "@HelenSkelton - loving #SummerOnTheFarmLive, and you are looking FABULOUS. Remember, the sun WILL always come out again." @Sylvialarad1 expressed: "Just watching you Summer on the Farm - so glad to see you strong, bubbly & looking well. Go, girl." @Tommo1965 tweeted: "@HelenSkelton seems so much happier, even after all she’s been through #SummerOnTheFarmLive." (sic) The Countryfile presenter announced her split from her husband of eight years back in April via an emotional statement on her Instagram page. She wrote: "Very sad to say that Richie and I are no longer a couple. He has left the family home. "We will be doing our best to co-parent our small children." DON'T MISS... Helen Skelton addresses Richie Myler split [LATEST]Countryfile's Helen Skelton on night out with Judy Murray after split [INSIGHT]Helen Skelton warned women not to date sports stars before split [WATCH] During the show, Helen took herself back to her Cumbrian roots and took viewers on a walking tour of the Lake District. Throughout the walk, the rain became heavier and ended up with Helen having to hide underneath a tree. She expressed: "There's something really grounding about embracing the elements and doing your day anyway. "It's a good lesson for life, you know, life throws things at you that you don't want to have to deal with, sometimes you find yourself in a storm that you don't really want to be in. "And if you can find a way to muddle through, you'll come out the other side, the sun will always come out in the end." Helen was also keen to get stuck in on the action and took part in a hay bale race with co-presenter Martin. As they set off, Helen managed to get an early lead but was soon overtaken, but that didn't stop her from trying to win. Martin came to a stop to try and let Helen catch up, but as she seized her opportunity, she ended up falling onto the hay bale face first. Laughing at the events, she made her way back to the start line and exclaimed that she couldn't breathe. Summer on the Farm Live is on until Friday at 8pm on Channel 5