At the general election in 1959 he won a landslide victory, and remained in power for another four years, until forced to quit on ill-health grounds. Boris Johnson would dearly like to emulate Macmillan’s calmness in a political storm. But the crisis now engulfing his premiership is far more serious than the one that arose in 1958. For the twin resignations of Chancellor Rishi Sunak and Health Secretary Sajid Javid are part of a relentless and accelerating slide into turmoil that has made the Tories almost incapable of running the country. Their exit from the Cabinet has been followed by a string of further departures by more junior ministers, most expressing their anger at the PM’s leadership style, particularly his cavalier attitude towards the truth. A meltdown in Government ranks has been matched by a growing loss of confidence on the Tory backbenches. Only last month, more than 40 percent voted against Mr Johnson in a leadership ballot, while even previous ultra-loyal MPs such as Lee Anderson, of the Red Wall seat of Ashfield, Notts, have now turned against him. The mood of disillusion has spread to the public, reflected in the loss of three safe Tory seats at recent by-elections and a consistent, widening Opposition lead in opinion polls. In 2019, Mr Johnson was the Tories’ greatest asset: a dynamic campaigner who delivered Brexit and could appeal to working-class voters in Labour’s traditional heartlands. But today he appears to have become his party’s biggest liability: a bumbling charlatan who presides over a shambolic Government devoid of coherence and integrity. Its sole purpose, say critics, is to maintain his short-term grip on power, even at the expense of the party’s long-term reputation. That charge has an element of truth, for Mr Johnson’s determination to stay in office is remarkable. More than any other politician in recent history, he has an uncanny ability to come through disasters that would have ended the careers of others. David Cameron famously called him “the greased piglet” due to his talent to wriggle from the clutches of foes, but perhaps a rhinoceros hide would be a more suitable biological analogy. This week, he has simply refused to be beaten. In the wake of his catastrophic mishandling of Chris Pincher – the deputy chief whip forced out over allegations of drunken harassment – his Government was already tottering. On Tuesday, it threatened to collapse like a house of cards after the resignations of Mr Sunak and Mr Javid, as parallels were drawn with the downfall of Margaret Thatcher in 1990 following the departures of the Chancellor Nigel Lawson and Deputy PM Sir Geoffrey Howe. Yet instead of buckling, Mr Johnson galvanised himself to carry on. Keeping the rest of the Cabinet together, he appointed Nadhim Zahawi as Chancellor and Steve Barclay as his new Health Secretary. With astonishing self-confidence, he even declared that he felt “liberated” by the changes, as he could pursue an agenda of massive tax cuts without Treasury opposition. The PM previously said “you will need a tank division to drag me out of Downing Street”. And according to close allies, that mood of defiance remains just as powerful today. At Prime Minister’s Questions yesterday, he pledged to “keep going”. In private he has been even more robust. Asked by a colleague if he would quit, he replied in monosyllabic AngloSaxon, “F*** that!” Others report that even if the influential backbench 1922 Committee changes its rules so that a second vote of confidence in his leadership can swiftly be held, he may try to ignore the result, claiming he was given a popular mandate by 14 million Tory voters at the 2019 election That is a dangerous argument. Britain has a parliamentary system, not a presidential one. Prime ministers can only govern through the full support of their parties at Westminster. Instead of slipping into constitutional conflict, Mr Johnson would do better to recapture the buccaneering, optimistic spirit which brought him into No10 in the first place. With Labour still weak and no obvious successor in sight, his hope of survival might still be realised if, in this desperate hour, he can exude a rejuvenated sense of purpose for the nation.