Yellowstone returns on The Paramount Network for season five in November and fans are looking forward to finding out what is in store for the Duttons. Kayce (played by Luke Grimes) started experiencing disturbing visions at the end of the last season. The Dutton sibling has been caught up in a number of storylines, including a dinosaur bone discovery, but what happened? Yellowstone fans will recall how Tate (Brecken Merrill) and his father Kayce dug up some dinosaur bones on their land in season one. Tate became obsessed with the bones and wanted to protect them at all costs. Discovering the bones also helped him form a bond with his grandfather John (Kevin Costner) who came to visit and take a look. Later in the season, Kayce spotted a drone hovering above the bones. A car was parked not too far away, and Kayce knew it must be treasure hunters. READ MORE: Yellowstone season 5 theory: Beth to take down Caroline Warner The car managed to escape, but the hunters returned later, turning Kayce's home upside down. Tate was heartbroken to learn the bones had been stolen, but nothing else came of the storyline. This has led fans to wonder what purpose it served, and they took to Reddit to discuss the issue. Tdawg-1551 said: "One of the popular themes within the show (and pointed out in this sub) is that they will abandon a storyline at any time. "There are several plots that they introduced and followed for a while, then never spoke of again." However, one fan suggested it was just a way of showing what could really happen in an area like this. Anonydew said: "I feel like the dinosaur bones storyline was pretty realistic. "A random treasure hunter stole the bones and got away. I’d have rolled my eyes if the plot turned into Kayce hunting down some random treasure hunter. "And if I remember correctly, they even make a point to say that people from out of state come on the reservation just to hunt treasure." With this in mind, the storyline could have been a way of adding an element of realism to the otherwise melodramatic series. DON'T MISS... Yellowstone’s Kelly Reilly pays tribute to star despite on-screen feud [INTERVIEW] Jefferson White nationality: Where is the Yellowstone star from? [EXPLAINER] Gil Birmingham nationality: Where is the Yellowstone star from? [INSIGHT] Oh_three_dum_dum agreed, adding: "I don’t think it was a story. "I think it was just put in as another example of outsiders taking advantage of the reservation to drive the point in a little more." One of the main themes of the series is the fact John and his family must continuously defend the ranch from outside threats. John can never seem to catch a break, as viewers will know as he has had to fend off tourists, biker gangs and land developers. The treasure hunters may have been just another obstacle for his family to overcome. Yet some fans have gone as far as to suggest Tate's dinosaur bones may be the thing that saves the ranch. Phonebook29 said: "The thing that will ultimately save the ranch goes all the way back to the dinosaur bones found in the beginning of the show. "Not sure how this will play out but I have always thought this was a strange thing to drop on us at the beginning of S1E1. "Full circle. Dinosaur bones will somehow come back to make an appearance." Viewers will have to wait and see whether this is the case, or whether the storyline is dead and buried for good.  Yellowstone season 5 airs on The Paramount Network from November 13. Seasons 1-4 are on Peacock, with seasons 1-3 on Paramount Plus.