Frenkie de Jong's proposed summer move to Manchester United is being held up by outstanding wage payments that are yet to be made by Barcelona, according to reports. The Red Devils are said to be in advanced talks to bring De Jong to Old Trafford after reaching a preliminary agreement over a transfer fee in talks with Barcelona earlier this month. United are set to shell out an initial sum of £65million in exchange for De Jong, with Barcelona also poised to benefit from an extra £17.4m in performance-related add-ons, although personal terms are reportedly yet to be agreed. The move is also currently being held up because the midfielder is still owed money that will need to be paid by the Catalan giants before he leaves the club, according to The Telegraph.It is said that De Jong agreed to defer a significant chunk of his Barcelona salary during the COVID-19 pandemic, with his annual wage being reduced by around £9.4m in 2020/21. He repeated the gesture last season by taking a £4.3m pay cut, meaning that he is owed £13.7m in basic unpaid wages by his current employers as well as another £3.4m in waived bonuses.De Jong also went on to extend his contract at Barcelona until 2026, allowing the club to make payments over a longer period of time, but a move to United would see the money needing to change hands much sooner. The situation means that Erik ten Hag's hopes of bringing De Jong to Manchester remain on hold for now and it seems unlikely that he will form part of the squad that jets off for a pre-season tour of Thailand later this week. JUST IN: Jesse Lingard may snub Tottenham and West Ham amid MLS transfer talks United are set to fly out to Asia on Friday and Tyrell Malacia, who officially joined the Red Devils from Feyenoord on Tuesday, could be the only new signing on the plane as it stands. Things often move quickly in football, though, and it remains to be seen whether De Jong can eventually be snapped up by United over the next few days.The Dutch maestro would certainly fit the profile of what Ten Hag is looking for at United, who are crying out for additional reinforcements in the middle of the park after deciding not to extend the contracts of Paul Pogba and Nemanja Matic. De Jong has previously insisted that he would need to be convinced to join the 13-time Premier League champions, though, because he would prefer to stay at the Nou Camp for the time being. "I will not go into that," he told Algemeen Dagblad when quizzed on the possibility of a move to Old Trafford last month. "Not even about other names or clubs, I used to be naive and open-minded about it, I don’t do that anymore."I understand that that link is made. That sum is not that difficult, it is logical. I have enjoyed working with Ten Hag at Ajax and I can’t look into the future, of course. But I prefer to stay at Barcelona."That has always been my dream club and it still is. As long as I don’t hear from the club management, I assume nothing is going on." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here