Novak Djokovic refused to reveal what was inside a bottle that he inhaled during one of his earlier Wimbledon matches after reaching the final with a 2-6 6-3 6-2 6-4 win over Cam Norrie on Friday. The top seed brushed it off as a "magic potion" before claiming he couldn't reveal what was inside just yet. During Djokovic's match against Tim van Rijthoven on Sunday, the world No 3 caused confusion when he could be seen gesturing to his player box before sharply inhaling something from his drinks bottle. Some viewers on Twitter became suspicious, while it was brushed of as an unmixed energy supplement or isotonic powder. But the six-time champion at SW19 has now refused to reveal what was inside the bottle, shutting down a question in his post-match press conference after beating the British No 1. "Magic potion," he said when asked about it, laughing. "That's all I can say. It helps." He then caused further confusion as he said he wasn't currently able to speak about it, adding: "You'll find out soon, but I can't speak about it now. You'll find out soon." JUST IN: 'Please don't' Nick Kyrgios makes Federer, Nadal and Djokovic plea   It remains to be seen whether "soon" means after Sunday's final, in which he will face first-time Grand Slam finalist Nick Kyrgios. And the 35-year-old knows he has a tough task ahead in playing the Aussie, saying on court that he expected "fireworks". And he was full of praise for the 27-year-old after the match, saying Kyrgios deserved to be fighting for the title. "These are the occasions where he loves, where he thrives, in a big stage. So in a way it's also not surprise for me that he's there," he said. "Honestly, as a tennis fan, I'm glad that he's in the finals because he's got so much talent. Everyone was praising him when he came on the tour, expecting great things from him." DON'T MISSNovak Djokovic wants Nick Kyrgios revenge in Wimbledon finalNorrie told how Nadal can help him in Djokovic Wimbledon battleDjokovic accused of 'playing mind games' with Norrie at Wimbledon   He continued: "Of course, then we know what was happening throughout many years with him mentally, emotionally. On and off the court, a lot of different things that were distracting him and he was not being able to get this consistency. "For the quality player that he is, this is where he needs to be, and he deserves to be." 