Tottenham will need to sell Lucas Moura and Tanguy Ndombele if they want to sign Roma star Nicolo Zaniolo, according to reports in Italy. Spurs have already brought in six new players in the summer transfer window but are reportedly still keen on recruiting Zaniolo.    Djed Spence became the latest player to arrive at Spurs when he signed a five-year deal at the club on Tuesday after Middlesbrough agreed to sell for an initial fee of £12.5million, with £7.5m in add-ons. The 21-year-old joins Ivan Perisic, Fraser Forster, Yves Bissouma, Richarlison and Clement Lenglet in signing for Antonio Conte’s side this summer. Spurs have been the busiest club in the Premier League so far in the transfer market, yet still have designs on more additions. According to Calciomercato, they have now set their sights upon Zaniolo, who has been strongly linked with a move away from Roma. Conte ‘loves’ Zaniolo and has therefore sent sporting director Fabio Paratici to Italy to try and thrash out a deal for the 23-year-old winger. Even if they can negotiate a move for Zaniolo, Spurs will only be able to go through with it once they have offloaded Moura and Ndombele. JUST IN: Jesus sets deadline for Arsenal exit despite only joining weeks ago Ndombele has been transfer listed at Spurs, along with Giovani Lo Celso, Harry Winks and Sergio Reguilon. The foursome were all left behind when Spurs jetted off for their pre-season tour of South Korea and are awaiting moves away from the club. Shifting Ndombele might be difficult, considering they paid Lyon £55m plus add-ons to sign him back in 2019 and the French midfielder earns £200,000 per week. Roma are reportedly interested in signing Ndombele, but will only take him on loan. DON'T MISS Tottenham working on seventh summer signing as Djed Spence confirmed Tottenham chief Paratici 'has three transfers on agenda' in Italy Spurs to mimic Walker-Peters clause as meeting set to offload defender Meanwhile, Jose Mourinho’s side are still refusing to lower their £42m (€50m) asking price for Zaniolo, who scored Roma’s winning goal in the Europa Conference League final win over Feyenoord last season. Spurs aren’t the only interested party, with Juventus also engaged in talks with Roma for the youngster. Despite being a favourite of Mourinho and Espirito Santo at Spurs, Moura has fallen down the pecking order under Conte. The arrivals of Perisic and Richarlison, after Dejan Kulusevski was signed in January, means Moura is now far from guaranteed game time. Conte played the Brazilian as a right wing-back in a friendly with Sevilla on Saturday in South Korea, saying “it’s a good option” and suggesting that he no longer sees him as a viable option in the front line. Moura said he is ready to “give my best” for Conte no “matter [my] position on the pitch”. But it seems he could be sold in order to fund a move for a player six years his junior. 