Boris Johnson's decision to step down as Prime Minister now paves the way for a hotly contested Conservative leadership election - our third in just six years - and it is absolutely vital that we get it right. Whoever his successor is, it is important to acknowledge that Boris's legacy will include steering the country through the COVID-19 pandemic (including one of the world's fastest vaccine roll-outs); giving a strong lead among our NATO allies against illegal Russian aggression in defence of a Ukraine and, of course, succeeding in taking the UK out of the European Union, after almost three years of trench warfare in Parliament. During what I call "The Battle for Brexit", Remainer elements in Parliament employed every procedural device they could think of, to try to keep us in the European Union, at almost any cost. Much talk of avoiding "leaving without a deal" was just code for not really Leaving at all. Let's not forget, despite his speech last week, it was Sir Keir Starmer who connived with these people, night after night, week after week, to deliberately try to overturn the democratic decision of the British people in the 2016 Referendum. Starmer remains a Remainer - and always will - and anyone who believes differently has clearly never met him. I have absolutely no doubt that a future Labour/SNP coalition of chaos would seek to take us back into the EU. Not overnight, as that might require another referendum - which they could very well lose - but rather bit by bit, via a process of grandmother's footsteps. First, we would be told we were rejoining the single market (so we would have to follow all new EU laws); then we would rejoin the Customs Union (so there goes our independent economic and trade policy too). Thereafter, we would be told we're effectively back in anyway, so let's make the whole thing official - and so much for British democracy. That's why it's critical that whoever the Conservative Party picks as its new Leader, is someone who really believes in Brexit, in their heart of hearts and does not just mouth the words to try to win the contest. Only someone who approves of Brexit, as a core belief, is unlikely to bow to any amount of brow-beating by the European Union, be it over the Northern Ireland Protocol (which must be addressed, to uphold the Good Friday Agreement) or fishing rights, or indeed anything else. Arch-Europhile Michael Heseltine, recently said that "If Boris goes, Brexit goes" and some MPs are even reportedly arguing for a "Coronation", whereby Conservative Party members in the country are deliberately excluded from the final decision. Neither of these can be allowed to happen. We had a Coronation in 2016 - and we all know what happened after that. The role of Conservative MPs over the next fortnight is to whittle down the (no-doubt wide) field of contestants to two credible potential Prime Ministers, who will then be decided upon by the 160,000 or so paid-up Conservative Party members in the country. Given the events of recent months, it is critical that the new Leader enjoys the support of the wider Conservative Party membership, not just its few hundred MPs. I hope and believe that they will choose a leader who, without reservation, is genuinely committed to the concept of British self-government and our right to ultimately decide our own destiny. Otherwise, what were all those struggles to deliver Brexit even for? If Heseltine and his Europhile mates think they can simply "take back control" of the Conservative Party, under the guise of a leadership contest, I suspect they will be sorely mistaken. Mark Francois is a Tory MP and chairman of the European Research Group.