James Martin, 49, is one of the most in-demand celebrity chefs on TV right now, with his ITV Saturday Morning show raking in the support. The ITV chef was asked in a recent interview, as he promotes his latest venture, what is something not many people know about him, with his answer surrounding a new vehicle. The Yorkshireman lives in the countryside with his long-term partner Louise Davis. In an interview ahead of The Game Fair, James was asked the following question: "Tell us something about yourself that not many people know." The chef shockingly replied: "I really want a tractor! "Not to plough a field, I want to drive it to my local pub the Wonston Arms with Cooper [his dog] and park it outside." READ MORE: Nadia Sawalha, 57, stuns as she poses in nude in ‘skinny dipping’ shot James regularly has a variety of guests on his Saturday cooking show which is currently airing repeats as the chef takes a break over the summer. Last week he was graced with forager, Alysia Vasey. Noticing Alysia fiddling with the spices on the middle of the table, James asked: "What is the green stuff you have got here?" She explained: "Right, so we have got some sweet Sicily, this is absolutely fantastic stuff, so it does have a doppelganger. "So if you can get a really good shot of this particular green because it is one shade lighter than Hemlock, it looks exactly the same." Making an assumption from the tone of her voice, James added: "Which is not good?" Throwing a sharp look at the renowned chef, Alysia quipped: "No, that will kill you, this won't, this is lovely, the mildew..." Meanwhile, James, who keeps his private life with Louise very under wraps, was pictured last month hand in hand at Ascot. The chef wore a black morning suit with striped trousers, completing his look with a top hat. DON'T MISS... Britney Spears, 40, showcases amazing figure in NUDE swimming snaps [PICS] Amber Heard loses bid for retrial against Johnny Depp [LATEST] Alex Scott admits she puts 'on an act' as she addresses her struggles [INSIGHT] He paired the outfit with a pink and blue spotted tie, black dress shoes and some shades. Louise wore a stunning, silky blue dress and a large white fascinator on her head. She completed the look with a bright red handbag, white stiletto heels, and a delicate necklace. A familiar face on TV, James regularly appears on ITV's This Morning as well as hosting his own weekly show James Martin's Saturday Morning. The chef is coming back to host The Enclosure restaurant at The Game Fair, which is being held at Ragley Hall in Warwickshire later this month. Discussing his involvement in The Game Fair, the ITV favourite said: "I have been attending The Game Fair for 20 years, so it is amazing to now be involved professionally. "My day-to-day restaurant is usually a 100-seater so to walk into a marquee where you've got 300 covers in the middle of a field, that's something very different indeed. The Game Fair will be held at Ragley Hall, Warwickshire from 29-31 July. You can purchase tickets here.