Kate Winslet is one of the most well-known British actresses of her time, and has become a role model for women across the world. Over the years, she also became a model for body positivity. She experienced negativity surrounding her appearance on several occasions throughout the early years of her career, revealing executives had claimed that she was "too fat" to land good roles. But while the effects of Hollywood still pile scrutiny and pressure on women to remain thin, the actress explained "beauty is not tied to size". Kate lives a care-free life and enjoys her diet and her exercise. She previously spilled that she rarely hits the gym and instead favours home-workouts instead. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake She told Elle UK: "I don't go to the gym because I don't have time, but I do Pilates workout DVDs for 20 minutes or more every day at home." A study in published in the National Library of Medicine found that Pilates can "dramatically" reduce body weight. It can also promote other health benefits, such as improving muscle endurance and flexibility. A form of strength training, it is widely favoured as a low-impact weight loss routine that can help people burn excess body fat and tone their stomachs by targeting and tightening the abdominal and oblique muscles. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] And while filming 2021 drama series Mare of Easttown, she developed an on-trend workout obsession that keeps her in shape. Not only that, but she thoroughly enjoys it. During the various lockdowns, Kate kept her wellbeing at the top of her priorities, and she developed a passion for a different kind of workout to stay fit. "I am in love with my Peloton bike," she said. READ MORE: Michael Mosley weight loss: Remove three foods to stay slim "My family and I all share it and sometimes fight over it." With no gym needed, Kate's cycling workout can be done from the comfort of her own home and still get a serious sweat on. She even went as far as saying the workouts have even helped provide her a new appreciation for her body. "At the age of 45 that I am now, learning that my body is capable of more than I thought it was has gone a long way with me," she told Marie Claire. "I found that when I was filming Mare of Easttown, that was almost the one thing I couldn't have gone without, because of the way it helped me decompress. "The sweat factor, the challenge of it, the great chat from the instructors." She's also revealed she enjoy yoga and walking to stay fit and active. Kate explained: "Power yoga class a couple of times a week, some barre, cardio, and we have a dog, so I love going on walks."