Dementia characterises a set of symptoms linked to the progressive degeneration of cognitive functions. Research into the disease has brought incalculable improvements to the lives of sufferers, but the condition cannot yet be cured or slowed down. According to new findings, calcification of the abdominal aorta could be linked to a fourfold higher risk of the condition. Here are the signs to look for. A new analysis of more than 900 study participants found those with more signs of advanced abdominal aortic calcification (AAC) had a two to fourfold higher risk for late-life dementia than those with low AAC. The findings, published in the Lancet Regional Health journal, were deduced from an analysis of lateral spine images, obtained from scans measuring bone density. Marc Sim, co-investigator in the study, from Edith Cowan University, told Medscape News Today: “While these results are exciting, we now need to undertake further large screening studies in older men and women using this approach to show that the findings are generalisable to older men and can identify people with great cognitive decline. “This will hopefully open the door to studies of disease-modifying interventions." READ MORE: Dementia warning: New study puts millions of women in the UK at risk “To our knowledge, this is the first time it has been shown that AAC from these scans is related to late-life dementia," added Mr Sim. “We demonstrated that AAC improved risk prediction in addition to cardiovascular risk factors and APOE genotype, a genetic risk factor for Alzheimer’s disease, the major form of dementia. AAC is a well-known marker of atherosclerosis - a potentially serious condition where arteries become clogged with fatty substances. The good news is, the ailment can easily be managed through lifestyle changes. READ MORE: Dementia: The risk factor linked to a 'twofold faster decline' The first step to fighting the condition is to keep it from worsening, which can be done in several ways. Exercising daily, adhering to a heart-healthy diet, and controlling high blood pressure, high cholesterol and high blood sugar are all important. There is evidence that certain medications, such as low-dose aspirin and statins, can help stave off the condition. Treatment with these medications should never be considered without the supervision of a certified health practitioner, however.