The Department for Transport (DfT) has vowed to commit millions of pounds to mitigate the impacts of the pandemic. As a result, a huge public transport shake-up will see a £2 price cap being introduced on long-haul bus tickets. This means that anyone travelling less than 80 miles and over three hours on a cross-country bus trip will only have to pay a £2 fee, according to The Sunday Times. The new scheme, however, will only last six months throughout autumn and winter. The news will be welcomed by motorists who have resorted to using public transport as the cost of fuel soars. Bus companies have previously been slammed for their high prices across the country. READ MORE: Driver blocked from parking her car outside her home of 25 years While there is a flat pay-as-you-go rate of £1.65 on the Transport for London (TfL) services, that’s not the case across the country. This is despite the TfL buses being much more frequent compared to services outside of the capital. The new £2 cap is supposed to work in the same way as the TfL does. This in turn will mean that Brits should be able to save a considerable amount of money. DON'T MISS Switching to EVs might not be in the planet’s best interest [REVEAL] Driver fined £500 for speeding after confusing mph with kph [INSIGHT] Drivers warned of common heatwave driving mistakes [WARNING] Some bus journeys could go down from £19 to £2. For example, it costs £12 for a day ticket from Peterborough to Norwich with First Excel and £19 from Leeds to the coastal town of Whitby. If the new scheme is successfully enforced, both of those journeys will cost just £2. As it stands, mayors in West Yorkshire, Greater Manchester and Liverpool City are planning to introduce the capped bus fares across their regions. READ MORE: ‘Confused’ cyclist enters motorway and rides against oncoming traffic A source familiar with the scheme told The Sunday Times: "The value of an eye-catching initiative like a £2 flat fare is that the Government can really get behind it and say, ‘We are helping you over the winter’.” The scheme, however, will not apply to bus fares in Scotland and Wales. The Department for Transport did not comment directly on the plans. Instead, it said in a statement: “We’ve already committed to investing £3billion in bus services by 2025, to improve fares, services and infrastructure, and given nearly £2billion since March 2020 to bus operators and local authorities to mitigate the impacts of the pandemic.” The news comes as drivers across the country are battling soaring petrol and diesel prices. According to the latest RAC Fuel Watch, motorists will have to pay 190.81p for a litre of unleaded. The situation is even worse for diesel car owners who can expect to fork out 198.58 on average per litre. According to the forecast, however, both prices are expected to fall.