Chelsea face potential heartbreak on a second successive transfer target with Jules Kounde set to snub the Blues for Barcelona. Reports in Spain suggest the Catalan giants have agreed a deal with Sevilla and the Frenchman has now agreed personal terms with Barca ahead of his impending switch to Camp Nou.  Chelsea were the firm favourites for Kounde earlier this week when they tabled a proposal worth £55m but Sevilla are still yet to accept their offer as frustrations grow in west London. Instead, the Andalusian club have been encouraging Barcelona to make their move as part of their plan to encourage an auction but it seems Kounde would now favour a move to Barcelona over joining Chelsea. SPORT in Spain now report Barca have agreed a deal worth an initial £42.5m plus £9m in add-ons as the deal continues to gather pace. Their £51.5m offer is worth slightly less than the money presented by Chelsea but it seems Sevilla are prepared to move ahead with the transfer, which still satisfies their valuation of the defender. READ MORE: Jules Kounde posts mysterious message as Chelsea fight off Barcelona for £55m transfer Kounde is now expected to seal his switch across Spain in the coming week as Barcelona's excessive spending continues despite their recent financial struggles off the field. Xavi is understood to have personally called the 23-year-old to convince him to hold out for Barcelona's imminent offer. It could prove to be an all too familiar story for the Blues, who have already missed out on Raphinha to Barcelona despite striking a £60m deal with Leeds. Thomas Tuchel has spent the best part of 11 months trying to secure the signing of Kounde, who was the subject of a £42.5m bid from Chelsea last August. READ MOREChelsea have Jules Kounde alternative at ready if Barcelona hijack £55m transferJules Kounde posts mysterious message as Chelsea fight off Barcelona for £55m transferAjax reaffirm Antony sale stance after agent flies to England for Man Utd transfer talks The Chelsea boss was handed a concerning reality check on Saturday night when his side were thrashed 4-0 by Arsenal in Orlando and now he could be forced to explore alternative targets with his former PSG player Presnel Kimpembe one of the names of interest. Crisis-hit Bordeaux are in line to receive 20 per cent of any fee Sevilla secure for Kounde and Barcelona are now looking to close the deal within a matter of days. Barca president Joan Laporta had recently played down his side's interest in the France international, claiming Kounde was set to sign for Chelsea but now the Catalan giants look poised to hijack the deal. Chelsea are not set to return to London following their pre-season tour of the United States. It's claimed Tuchel is keen for Chelsea to raise their offer upon arrival to fend off Barcelona but the La Liga giants are now in the ascendancy. Xavi is said to have promised Kounde that he will be an integral part of his side moving forward as they look to dethrone Real Madrid next season. Barcelona are expected to offer Kounde a lucrative four-year contract, which could even be signed in the coming days. Chelsea had been looking to sign Nathan Ake before Manchester City decided the Dutchman will remain at the Etihad Stadium.