He will urge firms to rethink the way they advertise vacant posts and warn they risk turning away capable workers with alternative qualifications. In a speech focusing on education and skills, Mr Zahawi is expected to ask firms to think twice before declaring that a role is only suitable for graduates. Instead, they should “modernise” their view of the talent pool and consider potential recruits with apprenticeships, degree apprenticeships or the new technical qualifications known as T Levels, he will say. Mr Zahawi said: “Businesses know they will struggle to compete in the future without a pipeline of highly skilled employees. And they are willing to pay well for this talent. “All too often I hear employers’ frustrations with a limited pool of graduates, but we are still seeing job ads that state 'graduate' in the essential criteria.” Highlighting his own experience in business as founder of polling company YouGov, he said: “Having founded YouGov 22 years ago and built it into the company we recognise it as today, I know just how much a lack of human potential could wreak havoc on a business.  “So, I’m urging employers to think differently about their recruitment. Think about whether they really need someone with a degree. The chances are there will be someone with other relevant skills, experiences, or qualifications that they are looking for. “Our economic strength will only turn on our ability to nurture and utilise the full range of talent available to us. So too will our efforts to level up opportunity, because upskilling people gives them chances to create a better life and regenerate their regions.” There are currently more than 1.3 million job vacancies across the country, leaving many employers struggling with staff shortages. Ahead of his speech, Mr Zahawi has written an open letter to employers asking them to consider whether a university degree is really necessary. The government says it is making it easier than ever for people to gain the skills that businesses are crying out for, for example by launching the first T Levels in 2020. The first graduates from these two-year schemes will receive their qualifications this year.  There are currently more than 1.3 million job vacancies across the country, leaving many employers struggling with staff shortages. Ahead of his speech, Mr Zahawi has written an open letter to employers asking them to consider whether a university degree is really necessary. The government says it is making it easier than ever for people to gain the skills that businesses are crying out for, for example by launching the first T Levels in 2020. The first graduates from these two-year schemes will receive their qualifications this year. 