Mick Jagger, 78, is believed to have bedded more than 4,000 women and, even when he entered his eighth decade of life, his appetite for beauties showed little sign of slowing down. However he has since committed to ballet star girlfriend Melanie Hamrick, 35, with whom he shares a son - and an unearthed interview reveals how serious their love affair has become. When Mick first began his career with the Rolling Stones and the world was wowed by his famous moves, his girlfriend had not even been born yet. And while he was jetting around the world with the band and enjoying one-night-stands, Melanie was still in nappies. However, that didn't deter her from trying to tame him. In spite of their formidable 43-year age gap, Mick and Melanie soon began an affair. READ NOW: Christine McGuinness' pals begged her to leave Paddy A source close to the couple revealed to the Mirror that the Let's Spend The Night Together star "made a commitment to Melanie" during a Christmas time getaway in Mustique. "He’s finally ready to settle down and be a one-woman man," the source added. Melanie reached out to him as a friend after his ex-fiancée L'Wren died at her New York home in 2014. The late fashion designer is believed to have had money worries which caused her anxiety to spiral out of control. However, American Ballet Theatre star Melanie stepped in to offer him support, which is said to have gradually blossomed into romance. Now she is the proud mother of their son, Deveraux, who at five is already displaying facial characteristics just like his famous father. At the Rolling Stones concert last month in Liverpool, little Jagger Junior also took the opportunity to practise some of his best Moves Like Jagger as he danced around to his father's music. However Melanie, who is currently a dance choreographer, is adamant that she doesn't think of herself as a "baby mama" - and that she sees the term as derogatory and offensive. DON'T MISS... Andy Murray’s wife branded 'class act' for supporting Deborah James [UPDATE] Fiona Bruce's 'toughest interview' as Lord Sugar shouted and swore [DEBATE] Fred Sirieix addresses 'trivial' food fights with Gordon Ramsay [EXCLUSIVE]  “In the technical sense, I’m not married to the father of my child," she conceded, "but I am in a great, wonderful relationship with him, so I don't see myself [as a 'baby mama']." When Marie Claire suggested she had been branded a gold-digger due to the uncommonly large age gap between the pair, she was quick to correct the idea. “I dance with one of the most well-known ballet companies in the world," she continued "To be put in that category is insulting and it’s insulting to my boyfriend.” Melanie has also dismissed the suggestion that she Can't Get No Satisfaction due to her boyfriend's touring lifestyle, assuring the world that she gets more than enough support from him. Deveraux also has a nanny, allowing her to maintain her own career in New York, where she is based. The man formerly known as "Jagger The Sh***er" for his endless antics with a long string of women seems to have finally been tamed. Mick's past relationships include singer Marianne Faithful, Bianca Jagger and Jerry Hall.