Kate Middleton, 40, is expected to turn up to Wimbledon in the coming days as Patron of the All England Lawn Tennis and Croquet Club. A massive fan of tennis, the Duchess of Cambridge is well-known for her love of sports and exercise. She serves as the patron for a number of essential sporting organisations.  This includes the Rugby Football Union and the All England Lawn Tennis and Croquet Club, which runs Wimbledon. Kate has regularly been seen participating in sports ranging from rowing and sailing to rugby and hockey. An athletic pastime which the Duchess enjoyed playing for many years was tennis. Kate is a frequent visitor to Wimbledon every year alongside other royals such as Prince William and Prince Edward, The Duke of Kent.  In September last year, she even joined tennis star Emma Raducanu for a game at the LTA's National Tennis Centre for The Homecoming. This was to celebrate the player's success at the US Open. The Duchess frequently played tennis growing up. However she revealed during a visit to a school that she couldn't play as much as she'd like anymore.  On a trip to Bond Primary School in south-west London in January 2018, she joined young students as they took part in Wimbledon Junior Tennis Initiative training sessions and activities. During the activities, Kate admitted that she misses playing the game. The Duchess, who was pregnant with Prince Louis at the time, told the children: "I love tennis, I think it's a great sport. “I was really sporty when I was little, less so now that I've got lots of babies!  READ MORE: Kate Middleton had to make abrupt Wimbledon exit after shock alert “But keep it up, it's great to be active, as everyone's been saying here today. “It's been a real pleasure to meet all of you." The Duchess was brought up playing tennis and was raised to be skilled at almost everything. Royal expert Ingrid Seward previously spoke about how Carole and Michael Middleton have played a huge part in who Britain's future Queen is.  Ms Seward said: "Kate is a product of her mother, she was brought up to do everything to perfection. “She learnt to sail as a young girl and rock climb and ski. “She loved cooking, dressing up and making clothes. “She learnt the piano, her father taught her to play tennis to a high standard. “All these skills came because her ambitious mother encouraged her to learn them. “There’s nothing she can’t turn her hand to.” 