Frenkie de Jong has been caught on camera at a time where Manchester United are hoping to sign the Barcelona star. The Netherlands international is Erik ten Hag’s top transfer target for the summer window. However, despite over 50 days of negotiations, there’s still no guarantee he’ll end up leaving the Nou Camp for Old Trafford. It’s an open secret that United want to capitalise on Barcelona’s financial issues by bringing De Jong in. Having lost Paul Pogba and Nemanja Matic on free transfers, Erik ten Hag is eyeing his fellow Dutchman as he looks to make his mark in the Premier League at the first time of asking. De Jong has blown hot and cold for Barcelona ever since his arrival from Ajax in 2019 and, with the Catalan giants open to parting ways with the 25-year-old despite comments from club president Joan Laporta, he could be on the move to England. Gerard Romero has now taken to Twitter to share a picture from JijantesFC of De Jong, who has been snapped on camera enjoying his holidays. The midfielder is seen at a restaurant with other team-mates from the Netherlands national team with a smile on his face. De Jong recently got engaged to Mikky Kiemeney, who he’s been with ever since his childhood. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez His fiancee was by the midfielder’s side when he swapped Ajax for Barcelona three years ago and, if he moves to United, will likely follow him to England. Recently, Barcelona chief Joan Laporta said he’d do everything in his power to make sure De Jong stays in Catalonia. “There are clubs that want him, not just United. We have no intention of selling him, he wants to stay,” he said. “Frenkie is considered as one of the best midfielders in the world by all the experts. We are happy to have him. “I’m going to do everything I can in my power so that Frenkie stays here, but there’s also a salary issue and that would have to be adjusted.” However, United remain relaxed about the situation and believe their patience will be justified. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen They first made contact with Barcelona over 50 days ago, with the La Liga titans wanting an original fee of £89million. Yet it’s been suggested United are hoping to strike an agreement closer to £56.2m instead. But whether they’re finally able to bring this protracted saga to an end is something only time will tell. Regarding De Jong, former United star Wes Brown recently had his say on a potential deal for the Barcelona midfielder. And he endorsed his old side’s pursuit of the 25-year-old, saying: “Yeah I do [think he’d be a good signing], I think he’s a quality player who is good on the ball. “He’s not shy with the ball and we obviously know we’ve had a lot of players leave, especially midfielders in general. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “Whether they were getting to the end, a bit older, but there’s been quite a lot gone. “So we’re pretty thin there. Midfield is definitely a signing that we need and De Jong, I think, would fit the bill very nicely.” Brown does feel, though, that United also require more reinforcements in the middle of the park. As well as De Jong, they’ve been linked with Ruben Neves and Declan Rice - of Wolves and West Ham respectively. And the former United defender added: “Four have gone and I’d say Mata and Matic were getting a little bit older, that can’t replace the experience and the quality that they have. “Ultimately when you get older it’s the legs that go, which everybody completely understands. But we need quality in midfield, and De Jong is a quality player. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “An experienced player.” If De Jong does move to United, he’ll become the club’s 10 signing from La Liga over the years. United landed the likes of Jordi Cruyff, Quinton Fortune, Ricardo, Gerard Pique and David De Gea when Sir Alex Ferguson ruled the roost. Under Louis van Gaal, in came Ander Herrera, Angel Di Maria and Victor Valdes. And, under Jose Mourinho and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer respectively, Eric Bailly and Varane touched down from Villarreal and Real Madrid.