White mould on plants can appear as a powdery mildew. The mould is a fungal infection that impacts certain plants, houseplants and vegetation. The mould can be seen on the leaves, stems and soil, and can even impact fruit on certain plants. The mould may not appear to be a problem, but it can make it difficult for the plant to photosynthesise. The main causes for white mould are not having proper circulation or overwatering gardens and container soil. Soil that is often damp or sodden and doesn’t have a chance to dry out can be a prime location for white mould to thrive. Low light conditions can also contribute to these conditions. READ MORE: Natural ‘perfect’ items to unblock kitchen sinks for ‘optimal results’ Luckily, white mould can be ousted easily using several household item tricks. Neem oil can be used to oust certain pests from plants and it can also be used to remove white mould too. Mix two teaspoons of neem oil with half a gallon of water into a spray bottle. Apply the solution liberally on the plant every few days until the mould disappears. A mouthwash with ethanol can be surprisingly effective at removing white mould.  DON'T MISSBoris Johnson: Where he may live with Carrie and children [INSIGHT]How to clean shower door using 'household items' - 'best way' [UPDATE]How to ‘instantly revive’ plants damaged during hot weather [ANALYSIS] Mix one part mouthwash with three parts water and apply to the areas with mould. Do not oversaturate the plant as it can burn the leaves if used too frequently. Avoid using it on new plant growth. White vinegar can destroy mould in homes, which makes it a perfect solution for plant mould. Mix two tablespoons of apple cider vinegar with a litre of water and spray on the areas with white mould. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Repeat this method every few days until the mould has gone. Mould should be prevented from growing in the first place. One way to do this is by using an organic fungicide on plant leaves and stems. Mix a tablespoon of bicarbonate of soda and half a teaspoon of washing up liquid with a gallon of water. Mix in a spray bottle and coat it thoroughly. Try not to overwater plants as this can lead to mould forming.  Allow the surface of any container soil to dry out before watering. Use healthy and sterile soil when changing soil or repotting. Remove any debris such as dead leaves from soil or containers. Give the plant more sunlight and ensure the light falls on the soil.