Nick Kyrgios has been branded "uncoachable" by one of his former coaches. Kyrgios has reached the final of Wimbledon and Joshua Eagle has given insight into the mindset of the Australian. Novak Djokovic stands in the 27-year-old's way of a first-ever Grand Slam singles title. The Serbian beat Cameron Norrie in four sets on Friday after Kyrgios had been given a walkover in his semi-final following the withdrawal of Rafael Nadal due to injury. Kyrgios has caused plenty of controversy on his way to a maiden final. Eagle is pleased to see him finally reach his potential and says Wimbedon has always been the Slam he has had the best chance of winning. Eagle said: “Every day is a different day with Nick. You never know what you’re going to get. There’s sheer brilliance, and then absolute disappointment at other times, but that’s why people come to watch him because he’s a box of chocolates… you never know what you’re going to get. "It’s very challenging, but I’m just pleased to see him playing at his full potential because we all know that he’s one of the great talents that the game has really ever seen. I don’t think anyone can [read Nick’s mind].  "He marches to the beat of his own drum. It depends on how he feels on the day. At this time at Wimbledon, he seems more purposeful in what he’s doing. "He’s fitter, moving better, hitting the ball really well. He didn’t play on the clay so he’s tried to target the grass. "Wimbledon is the Slam that he believes he can probably win." Kyrgios currently doesn't have a coach but does have a team behind him. Eagle started coaching Kyrgios in 2014 but split the following year. He has previously spoken of the player's struggles to control his anger. And now he claims no coach will ever have any hope of changing Kyrgios' ways. Eagle added: “I don’t think he is coachable.  "He’s too far down the track in doing [things] his own way. He wouldn’t listen to anyone. "He didn’t listen to me, and he wouldn’t listen to anyone! I think he’s best off doing what he does." Fellow Australian Eagle says Kyrgios has not always been popular with tennis fans back home but reaching the Wimbledon final is big news for the country. He said: “He’s a polarising character [to Australians]. "Half of the country would be cheering for him, the other half would be switching off. It’s a big story, and if he can channel what he’s doing, and win… then the fans might begin to like him a bit more.” 