Louise Redknapp burst into song while on the train today, as she rehearsed for her performance at Flackstock. The Eternal star was honouring her friend Caroline Flack at the festival created in her honour. Love Island host Caroline Flack took her own life in February 2020 aged 40. Her loved ones have since created the Flackstock festival in Berkshire, with music, dance, and comedy performances all taking place to help raise money for mental health services. The funds will be split equally between the charities Choose Love, Mind, Samaritans and Charlie Waller Trust. On the train on the way to the event, Louise showed off her incredible vocals as she sang with Bianca Claxton, Lucy Kane and Caity McHale. She also posted two photos of herself with Caroline, with a touching tribute alongside it. “Today is all for you my girl,” she wrote. “See you later @flackstock let’s do our girl proud! Xxx” Also performing were stars including Natalie Imbruglia, Pixie Lott, Sigma and Fleur East. Other celebrity attendees included Dawn O’Porter, Dermot O’Leary, Kirsty Gallacher, and Joel Dommett. Speaking about Flackstock, Caroline’s mum Christine said: “Caroline's mother Christine said of Flackstock: 'My Caroline was never more herself or happier than at a music festival with her sister and her friends. “Flackstock is the wonderful idea of those who knew her best and the perfect way to remember her singing, dancing and most of all laughing. “Not only is Flackstock the most positive way to honour Carrie, but charities that she loved will benefit from the proceeds. DON'T MISS...Paul O'Grady inundated with support after falling ill [LATEST] Loose Women's Linda Robson stuns in swimwear snaps on hols [PICTURES] Geena Davis' 'upsetting' divorce from Jeff Goldblum detailed [INSIGHT] “A big thank you to everyone involved for all their hard work – to Natalie for the mad idea, Giles Cooper Entertainment and Englefield House who saved the day, Live Nation and to all the brilliant sponsors. “My family are so proud that so many people who knew Carrie loved her so very much,” she added. Meanwhile, her sister Jody told PA News: “This is who she was, this is what she liked, we are sort of encapsulating her today. “We have tried to do that from the very beginning, our motto was ‘What would Caroline do’ the whole way through. “Today is definitely a good day, there is a lot of bad ones there have been but today is a good one.” If you or someone you know has been affected by this story, Samaritans (116 123) operates a 24-hour service available every day of the year. Alternatively, you can find more information on the Samaritans website here.