The Defence Secretary was one of the high-profile names tipped to throw his hat into the leadership ring alongside former Chancellor, Rishi Sunak. But despite feeling "grateful" to those who "pledged support" to him, Mr Wallace said he wished to maintain his focus on his "current job".  He wrote on Twitter: "After careful consideration and discussing with colleagues and family, I have taken the decision not to enter the contest for leadership of the Conservative Party. "I am very grateful to all my parliamentary colleagues and wider members who have pledged support." He added: "It has not been an easy choice to make, but my focus is on my current job and keeping this great country safe. "I wish the very best of luck to all candidates and hope we swiftly return to focusing on the issues that we are all elected to address."  Mr Wallace had been named the frontrunner in a snap poll conducted by YouGov, in which 716 Tory members fed back who they would vote for. The Defence Secretary came out on top, beating Foreign Secretary Liz Truss by 48 percent to 29 percent and bookies' favourite Penny Mordaunt's figure result of 26 percent. A former military man, the MP for Wyre and Preston North was said to be "taking soundings" from fellow Tory MPs on Friday with a few to join the leadership race, sparked by Boris Johnson's resignation on Thursday. Wyre Council leader David Henderson, a friend of the Lancashire MP, had previously argued that Mr Wallace's history of military service would be an asset as Prime Minister. READ MORE: Boris Johnson's downfall celebrated in EU: 'Good news!'  He told ITV: "If you're in a position of leadership, you've got to be able to trust the people around you because you can't do everything. "In his previous role in the army and now (as Defence Secretary), he'll lead from the front." Armed Forces minister James Heappey told the Telegraph: “One of the things I most like about Ben is he has spent the last 48 hours thinking really hard about whether he wants to do it. “It’s so typically Ben that he understands it is a massive responsibility and wants to make sure he is ready for it and if he is, he will make a great Prime Minister.” DON'T MISS: Brexit LIVE: Britain's £90billion red tape bonanza risk to pensioners [LIVE] New Tory leader 'faces a tough struggle' as support implodes - POLL [INSIGHT] Brexit scaremongering dismantled as EU told 'Germany sick man' of bloc [REPORT]  He continued: "There is a dimension that Ben is now known on the world stage as a safe pair of hands. "His biggest selling point is that he is good, honest, decent, hard-working, communicates in a way the public understands and likes and is honest about what he does and doesn’t know.” Former Scottish Secretary David Mundell had already confirmed he would support Mr Wallace's leadership bid, should he decide to run. He said the Defence Secretary's "decent and integrity" were "not in question", and that he would "appeal" to many Tory members. Mr Mundell commented: “We’ve had too much drama recently and he is ideally placed to bring in a period of calm, competent leadership. “I don’t envisage that there will be any single figure who emerges as the clearly favoured by all Scottish Conservatives, but I think Ben's backstory working across the UK will appeal to our members.” 