  Amanda Owen opened up about the “stress and pressure” facing farmers in her latest Instagram post. The Our Yorkshire Farm star was met with praise from her 523,000 followers for speaking about such an important issue.     Amanda, 47, took to Instagram yesterday to share her excitement for the Great Yorkshire Show. The show is England's premier agricultural event held on the Great Yorkshire Showground, Harrogate. In a video clip, she explained: “As a farmer myself, I understand only too well the stresses, pressures and challenges facing our farming people. “And that’s why I’m really proud to support the RABI [Royal Agricultural Benevolent Institution].” READ MORE: 'Not fun' Joan Collins, 89, rushed to hospital in Monaco     She continued: “They provide help to the farming community, and this can include anything from practical care to financial grants, and even professional mental health counselling. “If you need to get in touch, they have a free phone number that is available 24 hours a day, seven days a week.” She then proceeded to share the phone number: 0800 1884444. “They also have a stand at the Great Yorkshire Show this year and I’ll be dropping by on Friday, so I hope to see some of you there,” Amanda told her followers.     “Anyway, better get back to these sheep - they’re not going to shear themselves!” Amanda concluded, as bleating could be heard in the background. Next to the video, Amanda also included some text to highlight the service once more. “Looking forward to the @greatyorkshireshow this week,” she wrote. “Will be great to catch up with people and enjoy the sights and sounds of this fantastic show. READ MORE... Alex Scott admits she puts 'on an act' as she addresses her struggles [INSIGHT] Johnny Depp grins as he surfaces after Amber Heard's appeal rejected [UPDATE] Amanda Owen issues 'vital' plea over Ravenseat amid Clive Owen split [UPDATE]     “There is just so much to see and as well as the array of animals there’s plenty of advice, information, help and support available too. “If you want to find out more, then you can head to the @rabicharity stand, Avenue 0, stand 195, between the toilets and the Black Sheep Baar *Now there’s no excuse*. (sic) “Do your bit, enjoy the day and I’ll see you there,” she concluded with the hashtag #helpingfarmingpeople. Amanda’s followers took to the comments section to express their appreciation for the Yorkshire shepherdess’ positive message.     Karen wrote: “They are an amazing charity. Well done for highlighting them.” Julie commented: “Looking forward to seeing you at the show, a true very hardworking and inspirational lady.” (sic) Lelly penned: “Sounds like a very worthwhile charity.” “Fab organisation!” added Julia.   