Cash savings accounts are often popular as they allow instant access and provide flexibility for savers. However, over the last two and a half years rates have not been favourable due to the pandemic and subsequent economic challenges. Inflation continues to soar, predicted to reach 11 percent by the end of the year, meaning Britons are set to lose out even more in real terms. With miserable savings rates, Britons have been warned about the implications for their money and financial stability. Sarah Coles, senior personal finance analyst at Hargreaves Lansdown, said: “The scale of cash languishing in easy access savings and earning next to nothing has hit monumental proportions. “Our commitment to saving, both during the lockdown years and even now, means we now have nearly an incredible £1 trillion of savings (£994 billion) in easy access accounts. READ MORE: Rishi Sunak’s ‘stealth tax’ slammed as millions pay more “As a result, we’re losing a small fortune in lost interest. “In May we saved another £5.4 billion, plus another £300million with NS&I. “This is just above the average combined total of £5.6 billion in the year before the pandemic. It also takes the total in easy access accounts close to £1 trillion. “So, it’s particularly dreadful news that the average easy access rate crept up just three basis points to 0.18 percent.” DON'T MISSRishi Sunak’s ‘stealth tax’ slammed as millions pay more [ANALYSIS]Halifax issues warning on sinister social media scam on refunds [WARNING]‘Good things come to those who wait!’ Old Premium Bonds get prizes [UPDATE] However, many people are suffering with interest rates at even greater proportions. A number of high street providers are offering rates the expert described as “insulting”, with one bank still paying only 0.01 percent. The situation is improving somewhat, as the Bank of England base rate creeps up. While it is taking some providers longer to pass on the benefits to its savers, others have been quick to introduce better rates. READ MORE: Woman, 64, explains how she makes extra £800 per month Ms Coles cited Al Rayan Bank which currently offers up to 1.45 percent as long as savers can keep a balance of £2,500 in the account. Alternatively, there are no strings attached with an offer from Zora of 1.4 percent. Those who are prepared to switch current accounts could benefit from an interest rate of 1.56 percent from Virgin Money. Ms Coles added: “For the money you really need to keep in easy access savings, including your emergency fund of three to six months’ worth of essential expenses. “If your cash is languishing in an account with a high street bank while you hope for a rate rise, now is the time to stop waiting and start switching.” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea For the long term, Britons may be able to put other funds into a fixed rate account, which are also continuing to rise in offers. However, these often come with conditions in terms of access, which should be carefully considered. Ms Coles said: “he Bank of England figures show that the average new fixed rate rose 16 basis points from 1.09 percent to 1.25 percent, and you can get increasingly attractive rates by fixing. “The best rates over one year continue to creep up. Right now, by fixing for a year, you can make up to 2.7 percent - compared to a best rate of 2.4 percent a month ago.”