One commuter said some people were "panicking and in tears" after hearing two explosions as the service approached Birmingham New Street Station in the city centre. The West Midlands Railway service, travelling from Lichfield, Staffordshire, suffered issues due to the "extreme temperatures" - the hottest ever on record in the UK. Passengers described seeing overhead cables fall to the side of the train, and the carriages shaking. A 30-year-old passenger told Birmingham Live: "As we were coming from Duddeston to Birmingham there was an explosion and everything shook. People thought we had crashed. "We saw the overhead lines fall off onto the track. The train just carried on and then it happened again and the cables fell down again. "The train then completely came to a stop and all the lights went off. It's so dark on the train. They've given us glow sticks but they don't really do much. We are waiting to get off the train when the lights are sorted so we can walk through the tunnel to the platform. "There's no water on the train. We're melting. There are some ladies on here who are freaking out and a pregnant lady at the other end of the train to me who is panicking."  Birmingham New Street, the busiest UK station outside of the capital, said overhead power lines have been affected by the weather. All services in and out of the hub have been suspended while engineers investigate the problem. The station tweeted: "The Cross City line to / from Lichfield is currently suspended. This is because of the impact of the extreme temperatures on the overhead power lines Because of the hot weather, advice today is please DO NOT TRAVEL. @WestMidRailway @TransportForWM @WMRailExecutive." Denise Wetton, Network Rail’s Central route director, also released a statement saying: “As predicted the extreme temperatures have impacted our overhead cables which power trains and we’ve had to stop all trains at Birmingham New Street station. Please keep following our ‘do not travel’ message today as journeys are being severely impacted. "We’re sorry to people impacted and we’re working as fast as we can to get things back up and running.”  When the heatwave was forecast last week, some train companies cancelled services in advance of its arrival. For example, Avanti West Coast warned passengers services over the weekend were to be affected by the weather and by a shortage of train crew. A report issued by Birmingham Live, also states that there is a ticket acceptance in place on local buses across the West Midlands. As this incident is ongoing people are being advised to: Network Rail said people are being reminded not to travel on trains today, and, if possible, make their journeys after the heatwave has passed.   Despite the warning, many people have no choice but to use the public transport. As one commuter said, after escaping the train stuck in the tunnel: "It was such a relief to get off that train." Another added: "It was busier than usual, quite a busy train to be fair. People are off work with kids off school. I'd say about 60 to 65 per cent capacity."  The weather will remain warm all week, with the occasional shower anticipated too.  