Virgin River actress Annette O'Toole has shared her experience with playing a character suffering from major health issues. Hope fell ill in season three after an accident left her with serious brain injuries. Actress Annette O'Toole has shared her experience bringing Virgin River's Hope to the silver screen. The star succeeded in creating a character loved by fans and Hope quickly became the heart of the show. Local mayor and general busybody, Annette’s role provides the comic relief in the show and her on-off relationship with Doc Mullins is a storyline that proves romance has no age-limit. Following a massive health crisis at the end of season three, in the latest instalment Hope is front and centre as the plot unfolds. READ MORE: All Creatures Great and Small's Nicholas Ralph tribute to co-star The debilitating health scare was an interesting curve ball for veteran actress Annette as she dealt with the challenge of slowing down a usually dynamic character. Striking the balance between allowing the health narrative play out and not straying from the true nature of the series, the actress revealed it was difficult to navigate Hope in the latest series. Discovering the ins and outs of a traumatic brain injury sent Annette to the library as she attempted to play out something she had no personal experience with. However, the performer grasped the challenge in both hands and explained how she enjoyed trying out something new. Speaking with The List, Annette exposed her thoughts on Hope in the new season. She said: “It's been fun, actually. It's not fun for her, but it's fun for Annette because it's challenging to take a character who's so active and independent and to put the brakes on her, so that's been interesting to play. “I've enjoyed it very much. “I'm trying to get well pretty quickly though, because the show is ... As our showrunner, Sue Tenney, said about it, it's not a medical [show] ... It is kind of a medical show, but it's not really.” DON'T MISS...Alexandra Breckenridge celebrates big Virgin River news [INSIGHT]Virgin River fans ‘disappointed’ over Charmaine baby twist [INSIGHT]Virgin River season 4 theory: Mel arrested over tragic baby decision [THEORY] Entering uncharted territory, the actress also shared how she prepared to play a patient with a brain injury. Annette revealed: “But a TBI [traumatic brain injury]'s an interesting thing to play. “I don't have very much personal experience with it, thank God. But reading about it, there's so many variations because the brain is infinitely variable depending on where the injury is, who the injury happens to, [and] where in your head [it is]. “I'm erring towards the side of less because you want to see her get better and get out of it and deal with stuff.” As for Hope’s loveable personality, she reassures fans the character they love is on her way back and will return with as much gusto as before. “She's still Hope,” Annette consoled fans of the Netflix drama. Continuing on, she shared: “She's still very impulsive and controlling, but now she's dealing with all these issues. “A lot of it is directed inward, frustrated with herself — like, ‘Why can't I shuffle these cards? Why can't I ... ?’ That's incredibly difficult for her and more so for Doc to have to deal with it. “It's very stressful for him. That's good. [It] makes a lot of drama.” Watch Virgin River season four on Netflix now.