The Sunday Brunch host took aim at the BBC chefs while discussing his stint on Celebrity MasterChef from 2011. The 54-year-old claimed John and Gregg hadn't known what they were talking about and quipped his elimination from the show was part of "a conspiracy theory." It came as former EastEnders star Richard Blackwood appeared as a guest on Channel 4's Sunday Brunch to discuss his participation in the upcoming series of Celebrity MasterChef.  As Richard talked about being on the show, Simon Rimmer asked: "But did you listen to people?" "Yes," Richard replied, before teasing how some advice over a particular dish helped him. He added: "They [person who helped] know who they are." Simon continued: "Because Tim didn't listen to people when he was on it." READ MORE: Outlander’s Caitriona Balfe would be ‘happier’ to shorten series He added: "Tim did it and they sort of listened until he got to the point where, Tim being Tim, he felt he knew everything and was told the dish he was going to cook was maybe not quite complicated enough for when you get to the quarter-finals, whatever it was. "But Tim said, 'Oh, it will be fine,' even though John and Gregg said, 'It needs to be a little bit more complex'." Tim quipped: "You go online there's a lot of conspiracy theories. John and Gregg do not know what they're talking about."  Celebrity Masterchef will be airing on the BBC soon, featuring a star-studded line-up of guests. From comedy legends to world champions in sport, the contestants will be battling it out to prove they have what to takes to press the judges in the kitchen. Richard Blackwood is best known for his role as Vincent Hubbard in EastEnders. His character was murdered in the BBC soap in 2018, with his on-screen wife Kim Fox (Tameka Empson) believing he was missing until she found out the truth last year. DON'T MISS... BBC Breakfast viewers switch off over heatwave coverage 'This is pathe [LATEST]Queen’s grandfather would be ‘spinning in grave’ claims royal expert [VIDEO]Bette Davis was 'heartbroken' by appearance criticism in Hollywood [LATEST]  Richard's other TV credits include Hollyoaks and Dancing on Ice. In 2000 he released a studio album called You'll Love to Hate This and released three singles in the same year The line-up also includes McFly's Danny Jones, actress Lesley Joseph and Paul Chuckle. Last year's celebrity edition of the popular BBC show saw parasport athlete Kadeena Cox crowned winner.     It isn't the first time Tim has taken a jokey swipe at the MasterChef hosts. In one Sunday Brunch episode, he called the duo "useless" as he discussed his defeat in the programme. He commented: “It’s not my fault, it’s not Simon’s fault, it’s the judge's fault… John and Gregg, they're useless." Sunday Brunch airs weekly from 9.30am on Channel 4, while Celebrity MasterChef returns to BBC One soon.