 Prince George celebrated his ninth birthday on Friday and an official portrait, taken by Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, was released to mark the occasion. It comes after the Cambridges were spotted leaving Kensington Palace and jetting off for a summer holiday. On Monday, Kate and her husband Prince William boarded a helicopter with their three children — George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis — and their black spaniel Orla.  The three Cambridge children broke up from their schools in London for the last time earlier this month. In September, they are expected to enrol at new schools in the Windsor area. Kate and William are reportedly leaving their London residence and relocating to Adelaide Cottage, a property on the grounds of Windsor Great Park. The move positions the couple closer to Queen Elizabeth II, who has taken a step back from public duties recently, and allows their children to have more freedom outside of the royal stricture of Kensington Palace. While the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are aware of the different royal destinies that await George, Charlotte and Louis, the couple also want their children to have the opportunity to pursue their own passions. READ MORE: Prince George's 'grim royal reality' coming into focus as kingly fate compared to siblings  George’s royal future was sealed at birth, but Charlotte and Louis’ roles within the Firm are less certain. According to royal commentator Kinsey Schofield, allowing the Cambridge children to pursue interests outside of royal duties will “break the cycle” of the heir and spare dynamic, preventing Charlotte and Louis from getting “completely lost” and falling into trouble. Ms Schofield, the founder and creator of ToDiForDaily.com told Express.co.uk: “There’s this heir and spare dynamic that we have been talking about for the last few years, in which the spare typically is so completely lost and they fall into trouble. “We look at Princess Margaret, Prince Andrew and now Prince Harry. I know Prince Harry is trying to do his own thing, but I do think he is struggling.  “I don’t think that it’s going to happen to Prince William’s children. “I believe that this is where they’re going to break the cycle. “I think that they’re going to stop with the spare talk and I think the ‘necessity’ for a spare ends now.” The author of the upcoming book ‘R is for Revenge Dress’ added: “I think we’ll see his children go off to school, find careers that they’re sincerely passionate about and be an adult in a way that we never got to see Margaret or Andrew do. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Harry sent 'dire' three-word warning [LIVE] Royal POLL: Should Meghan and Harry return as part-timers? [VOTE] Camilla is already doing 'good job' of emulating 'role model' Philip [ANALYSIS]  “They were just content with living off the purse, waving at strangers. “I think that William’s children will be encouraged to find their purpose and pursue those things, and it not really being about waiting to see if something happens to the heir.” Last month, the public had a glimpse of what the future holds for the Royal Family. During the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee, emphasis was placed on the direct line of succession, putting Prince Charles, Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall and the Cambridges at the centre of the royal extravaganza.  As the Queen continues to limit her public engagements, the focus has shifted to her heirs and their families. It is thought that once Charles ascends the throne, he and William will work together to lead the British monarchy. William and Kate have long been dubbed the future of the monarchy and they fell only behind the Queen in a recent YouGov popularity poll. Ms Schofield claims that Charles will need to make the Cambridges central figures once he becomes king.  She said: “Charles does not have the same favourability as the Queen or William and Kate.  “He will need to keep focus on the Cambridges for him to build some popularity within the public.” The YouGov poll found that Kate was the most popular royal behind the Queen, with 68 per cent of voters revealing they had positive opinions of the Duchess. William came in third with 66 percent favourability, while Charles and Camilla fell in seventh and eighth place with 42 percent and 40 percent of pollers admitting to having positive views of the royals. Ms Schofield added: “William, Kate and the children are so important now and will become more important under Charles; they are the future of the monarchy and we will continue to see them more and more.”