Kat Graham has hit back at the suggestion she took over from Vampire Diaries star Nina Dobrev after she left the series. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, the star, who plays powerful witch Bonnie Bennett on the hit series, spoke about her time on the programme as well her performance for Pride in London. In 2015, Nina announced that she was leaving The Vampire Diaries and her role as Elena Gilbert. Following her departure, the show shifted focus to Kat's character, Bonnie. When asked about how she felt about taking over from Nina, Kat insisted that she hadn't She said: "I don't think anyone can take over from Nina. READ MORE: Joan Collins, 89, 'recovering' after being 'airlifted' to hospital "People say that and I'm like, 'I didn't'," she added. The star went on: "They gave me a little bit more screen time, I think that's about it. "I think Nina is somebody who you can't take over from. "You can write as much as you can to develop the other characters as much as you can, but nobody's taking over from my girl," she concluded. In 2015, Nina took to Instagram to let her followers know that series six would be her final one of the hit show. Dropping the bombshell, she penned: "I’ve just spent the most beautiful weekend on Lake Lanier in Georgia with my own TVD Family, the cast and crew of The Vampire Diaries. "I want to be the first to tell you that it wasn’t just a holiday celebration, it was a goodbye party. "I always knew I wanted Elena’s story to be a six season adventure, and within those six years, I got the journey of a lifetime," she admitted. DON'T MISS... Liz Hurley, 57, stuns as she displays peachy rear in white bikini [INSIGHT]Rebekah Vardy planning to flee luxury Portuguese home amid wildfires [ANALYSIS]Victoria Beckham stuns in skin-tight leggings while flaunting figure [UPDATE] The actress continued: "I was a human, a vampire, a doppelganger, a crazy immortal, a doppelganger pretending to be human, a human pretending to be a doppelganger. "I got kidnapped, killed, resurrected, tortured, cursed, body-snatched, was dead and undead, and there’s still so much more to come … Elena fell in love not once, but twice, with two epic soulmates, and I myself made some of the best friends I’ll ever know and built an extended family I will love forever.” "There’s more to come before we wrap this up, and I promise you’ll get to hear all about my experiences … as we approach the season finale … but until then I invite you to hop on the roller coaster ride that is Elena Gilbert’s life and join me as I celebrate her and prepare to say goodbye to her — and to my work family — as I move on to the next chapter of my life. "I want to share this goodbye with all of you," she ended her post. Elsewhere in the chat, the singer spoke about her performance at London Pride, saying: "It's such an honour for me because I spend a lot of time in London, my father's African but was in London, London based for many years. "So I grew up listening to a lot of spice girls and Craig David and different artists like Elton John and Freddie Mercury. "I was always really inspired by UK Music, UK artists to step UK garage," she added. Kat continued: "But for me, London is like one of the most important cities in the world and you have been invited to perform at such an impactful festival that is about human rights and equality is such an honour. "It's different than getting invited to do, you know, a little show or something like that. She explained: "It's like, 'hey, we think that you are, your voice, is important enough to put you on stage.' "And for me, I think that's the greatest honour, because everyone that the team put on stage are people that have a history within the community," she added.