Manchester United have shortlisted Stuttgart striker Sasa Kalajdzic as well as Benjamin Sesko, according to reports. Erik ten Hag wants to sign a striker before the transfer window slams shut. And that need could yet grow with Cristiano Ronaldo’s future still uncertain amid his desire to leave the club. Manchester United currently have just Ronaldo and Anthony Martial as their striker options for next season. They’ve seen Edinson Cavani jump ship, while it’s still unclear if Mason Greenwood will ever play for the club again. In recent days, it’s emerged United are interested in a deal for Sesko - who scored 13 goals in 41 appearances for Red Bull Salzburg last term. And, now, the Daily Mail claim the Red Devils have shortlisted Stuttgart hitman Sasa Kalajdzic as well as they look to bolster their frontline. Seiko was apparently watched by Premier League scouts on Saturday, but Salzburg want around £55million to even consider letting the teenager go. And that’s why United are also eyeing Kalajdzic who at 6ft 7ins tall, would be one of the tallest forwards in the top flight. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative United would, in an ideal world, sign Antony from Ajax - with the Brazil international previously playing under Ten Hag in Amsterdam. Yet the Eredivisie champions want £80m for their prized asset, which is why the Red Devils are now on the lookout for alternatives. The report says Ronaldo, who trained with Charlie Savage, Charlie McNeill, Amad and Hannibal Mejbri on Saturday, is wanted by former club Sporting Lisbon. But the Red Devils continue to insist he isn’t for sale as they look to win the Premier League title for the first time since 2013, back when Sir Alex Ferguson ruled the roost. Kalajdzic would be an exciting replacement or team-mate, however, having bagged 24 goals from 57 games for Stuttgart. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd respond to claims De Jong doesn’t want to join And whether United go for him, or Sesko, is something only time will tell. United have signed three players so far this summer, with Lisandro Martinez, Christian Eriksen and Tyrell Malacia touching down from Ajax, Brentford and Feyenoord respectively. But they also want to add to their midfield by the time the transfer window slams shut on September 1. Frenkie de Jong is their priority target but, despite a fee being agreed with Barcelona for the Netherlands international, a move to Old Trafford remains in the balance. And, if they fail to sign him, then there’s talk of potential moves for the likes of Sergej Milinkovic-Savic, Ruben Neves and Youri Tielemans. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. Regarding Ronaldo, meanwhile, former Arsenal and Portsmouth star Paul Merson thinks the Red Devils would be wise to jettison the veteran. “Manchester United have got to draw the line and get rid of Cristiano Ronaldo. The saga has to end sooner rather than later,” Merson wrote for The Daily Star. “He’s told you what he wants, so why hang onto him? “The lad won’t be sitting at home doing nothing but he hasn’t played any football and is now 37. “Every footballer will tell you that to get fit you’ve got to play football matches, that’s why they have pre-season friendlies. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “I really don’t know how the fans are going to take it now because he’s made it abundantly clear he wants to leave. Nobody wants him and he’s stuck in limbo. “I think United would have loved it if he’d have gone, of course they would but it’s the way you do it. If they just say ‘see you later Ronaldo’ the fans will go crazy.” And he added: “Their striker is 37, that’s not very good recruitment. You’re also appointing a manager in Erik ten Hag for a long-term plan, you’re not just bringing him in for a year or two. “So for him to have a plan, surely you’ve got to get started straight away. Ronaldo is not going to be there next season whatever happens. “Even if he is, he’s another year older. This game now is getting quicker and quicker, so for me, United need a new centre-forward in the transfer market.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here