Inevitably, Brexit was blamed by Remainers, still seeking vindication six years on. But while PM Boris Johnson’s spokesman acknowledged that there had been “changes, post-Brexit”, he added that the Government has “planned for that” – and that the key reason for the delays was a shortage of French border control staff.  Such labour shortages are undeniable. The fact is that travel disruption has occurred across the world, with huge post-pandemic demand unmet by the labour to support it. True, Anglo-French relations haven’t helped, and some in France have made it plain that making it easy for British tourists is not a priority. Tory leadership contestant Rishi Sunak has accused France of fuelling the chaos by failing to provide enough border staff on the busiest weekend of travel since the Covid pandemic. Talks are continuing between the UK and France to resolve the travel problems. But Monday proved a normal day at Dover, showing that mass movement was entirely possible, and just as well, since next weekend is likely to be busy too. For all of our sakes, let’s hope that the French will drop their recalcitrance, fill those staff positions and make our transit ports as frictionless as possible. It would be good for both our countries.  On Tuesday night England play Sweden in the UEFA Women’s Euro cup – and how we’ll cheer for our team. Not only has this amazing tournament given us extra summer cheer, it also represents a coming of age for women’s football. An incredible 9.1 million watched the Lionesses triumph over Spain 2-1 last week. Tuesday's game at 8pm should attract even higher numbers. So let’s cheer on our heroines and hope that they prove an inspiration, particularly as a survey for Nuffield Health’s Healthier Nation Index has found that almost half of the female population do no regular exercise at all. We’d love the Lionesses to bring the trophy home – and it would be a greater legacy yet if they spurred us into becoming fitter. After a stunning Eurovision Song Contest in May, with its moving win for bembattled Ukraine and our runner-up in Sam Ryder, it’s wonderful news that the UK will be hosting the 2023 contest. The UK, via the BBC, is hosting it to show our commitment to the Eastern European nation, now in its sixth month of a bloody war instigated by bullying Russia. Let’s look forward to it – and hope that by next May vicious Russian tyrant Vladimir Putin has met his Waterloo. 