Novak Djokovic’s name has appeared on the official US Open entry list in a development that offers a huge hint the Serbian will be allowed to compete at the tournament. The 35-year-old is currently unable to enter the USA as he hasn’t been vaccinated against COVID-19 and doesn’t meet the country’s entry requirements.  Earlier this month, Djokovic won his 21st Grand Slam title after defeating Nick Kyrgios in the Wimbledon final. That triumph took him within one major title of Rafael Nadal, who is currently the most successful men’s singles player of all time following his success at the Australian Open and the French Open earlier this year. It appeared that Djokovic would have to wait until next year’s French Open for an opportunity to get his hands on another Grand Slam because of the USA’s COVID-19 stance and the fact he is currently banned from Australia for three years after he was deported from the country in January due to his unvaccinated status. But his inclusion on the US Open entry list means the authorities could be set to give him an exemption and allow him to play at the New York tournament. Ahead of his Wimbledon glory, Djokovic revealed that he was waiting to see whether he would be given permission to enter the USA. “I’ll just have to wait and see,” the veteran said in June. “I would love to go to States. JUST IN: Tennis stars pulled apart as umpire steps in after blazing row   “But as of today, that’s not possible. There is not much I can do anymore. I mean, it’s really up to the US government to make a decision whether or not they allow unvaccinated people to go into the country.” And following the Wimbledon final, the Serbian spoke about the US Open once again. “I'm not vaccinated and I'm not planning to get vaccinated,” he explained. “So the only good news I can have is them removing the mandated green vaccine card or whatever you call it to enter United States, or exemption. DON'T MISS Kyrgios fires shirty reply to ATP as Wimbledon finalist slams decisionNadal and Djokovic given new worry to think about ahead of US OpenRussian tennis star hits back at 'crime' claim after coming out as gay    “I don't know. I don't think exemption is realistically possible. If that is possibility, I don't know what exemption would be about. I don't know. I don't have much answers there.” Djokovic has won the US Open three times throughout his illustrious career and has reached the final on six other occasions. His last triumph at Flushing Meadows came in 2018 when he got the better of Juan Martin del Potro. But last year he was beaten in the deciding match by Daniil Medvedev. 