Juventus have reportedly suggested a Christian Pulisic swap deal to assuage the financial burden on Chelsea as the Blues attempt to land Dutch defender Matthijs de Ligt from the Italian giants this summer. Chelsea were taken over by Todd Boehly in May and are now set to embark on a summer spending spree to bring new faces to the club. Chelsea have been hit by the departures of influential centre-backs Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen this summer as the duo opted to leave the club when their contracts expired. And the future of their veteran defender Cesar Azpilicueta is also up in the air amid interest from Barcelona. The west Londoners are therefore desperate to bolster their backline ahead of the new season and have been heavily linked with De Ligt, who joined Juve from Ajax as a teenager three years ago. According to 90Mins, the 22-year-old could set the Blues back a staggering £86million in a cash-only deal. But Juve have informed the Premier League side that they would be open to receiving Pulisic as a makeweight. Boehly has already offered Juventus a whole host of players in an attempt to sweeten the deal, with Timo Werner a potential candidate for a move to the Allianz Stadium. But, while the Italians are interested in the Germany forward, Pulisic would be their preferred option. JUST IN: William Saliba's 'leaked' Arsenal shirt number provides huge hint on team-mate's future   Chelsea have not yet met Juventus’ asking price for De Ligt, although Boehly has indicated a willingness to discuss the fee further. And the Blues would consider sacrificing Pulisic, who has been hit by a string of injuries since moving to Stamford Bridge from Borussia Dortmund in 2019. Juventus are reluctant to lose De Ligt, who won the Serie A title during his first season in Italy and has gone on to make 117 appearances for his current employers. But the player himself is interested in speaking to Chelsea. READ MOREChelsea 'receive response' from Juventus after 'offering two players' for Matthijs de LigtMan Utd hatch Frenkie de Jong announcement plan as transfer deal enters 'final stages'Tottenham on verge of fourth and fifth signings following double transfer breakthrough      Juve are targeting the likes of Napoli's Kalidou Koulibaly, Torino's Gleison Bremer and PSG’s Presnel Kimpembe as potential replacements for the youngster, players Chelsea have also been linked with. The Blues have been casting their net far and wide this summer in an effort to sign the right players and could attempt to land three new centre-backs to avoid losing ground on Manchester City and Liverpool at the top of the Premier League table. Chelsea finished third last season after falling away from the two title contenders during the second half of the campaign. And manager Thomas Tuchel will be desperate to get his hands on new faces ahead of the new campaign as the Blues go in search of silverware. 