George Russell was one of many drivers forced out of the race after a massive accident brought out the red flags on lap one at the British Grand Prix. The multi-car crash involved at least four cars, with Guanyu Zhou catapulted onto his roof. Russell immediately jumped out of his car and ran towards Zhou’s wreckage in a bid to help the Chinese star. The race was suspended while teams rushed to the destroyed Alfa Romeo. Sky Sports commentator David Croft confirmed Zhou had been taken out of the car and was taken away on a stretcher. The accident happened seconds after the race was started as the cars dashed into turn one. Russell got a bad start and was involved in a scuffle for position with Pirerre Gasly and Zhou. Russell then swerved to the left to find some room in the battle and made contact with the Alpha Tauri, this knocked him into Zhou's rear right rear wheel which sent the Alfa Romeo star into a roll. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton steals Lando Norris hat ahead of British Grand Prix   The car cleared the row of tyre barriers and struck the catch fence just metres from the grandstand. The impact shocked some photographers who ducked as the car came towards the fence. Ted Kravitz revealed he had spoken to Alfa Romeo boss Frederic Vasseur moments after the crash. The Alfa Romeo boss said he thinks Zhou was conscious throughout the incident. Alfa Romeo confirmed Zhou was at the circuit’s medical centre to "undergo evaluation". A statement from F1 said: "Following an incident at the start of the race Alex Albon and Zhou Guanyu have been taken to the medical centre. Both drivers are conscious and continue to be evaluated. Further updates will be given in due course." DON'T MISSBritish GP first lap bursts into madness as protestors storm track [INSIGHT]Martin Brundle makes hilarious Mo Salah comment at British GP  [ANALYSIS]Max Verstappen opens up on Lewis Hamilton rivalry [COMMENT]   The Williams of Alex Albon and Yuki Tsunoda were also forced out with damage picked up in a separate shunt. Albon broke hard in a reaction to Zhou's crash which caused Sebastian Vettel to hit the back of him. Esteban Ocon was also involved in the accident and drove back to the pits with severe damage to the front of his car. It was immediately thought Russell would be out of the race but Sky Sports Karun Chandhok then revealed the Mercedes mechanics were studying the damage. With a lengthy red flag expected, it is possible the damage could be repaired to get Russell back out for the restart. About half an hour later Ted Kravitz then announced Russell would not be allowed to take the restart despite the optimism. 