Erik ten Hag will in fact be desperate for Manchester United to sell Cristiano Ronaldo, reckons former Crystal Palace chairman Simon Jordan. Ten Hag claimed on Monday that Ronaldo was not for sale but Jordan thinks that he was just "towing the party line". The Portugal superstar has told United he wants to leave this summer. Failure to qualify for the Champions League is thought to be a big reason for him not wanting to see out the final year of his two-year contract. Chelsea and Bayern Munich have both been linked with a move for Ronaldo. Ten Hag attempted to quash talks at a press conference on Monday. He said: “I have read [that Ronaldo wants to leave], but what I say is Cristiano is not for sale. He is in our plans and we want success together. I’m looking forward to working with him.” Transfer news LIVE: De Jong to Man Utd, Chelsea reach agreement, Ronaldo update  However, Jordan thinks the 52-year-old is just saying what he needs to at this point in the best interests of a transfer. The outspoken pundit instead reckons Ten Hag will be pushing for Ronaldo to go. Jordan said on talkSPORT: "I can imagine Ten Hag can’t wait to get Ronaldo out the bleedin’ door, but he’s towing the party line for the positioning of how that exit happens. These guys will say certain things to ensure there’s a particular perspective put on it, so they can control as much of the process as they can." Ronaldo is missing United's pre-season tour due to personal issues. But Jordan also doubts that is true and reiterated his belief that Ten Hag will be far better off without the forward. DON'T MISSManchester United boss Erik ten Hag warned he may have a new Paul PogbaCristiano Ronaldo 'impressed by Richard Arnold' as Man Utd chief makes stance clearChelsea 'very close to signing Koulibaly' in £34m transfer deal for Tuchel  Jordan continued: “It is nonsense that he has not gone on his tour for personal reasons. He hasn’t gone because he doesn’t want to be at Manchester United any more. “Ten Hag won’t want it, he doesn’t need a revolution with a reluctant participant, especially one who will occupy far too many headlines he doesn’t need. He needs to build a football club and he needs everyone to pull together, not to deal and cater with one individual who is coming to the end of his career and may score X amount of goals, but takes away something from the ability to compete at the top of the division because of the way you have to play with Ronaldo in your team. Out, out, out, out, out.”  Click here to buy the new Man Utd home shirt