Taurean Blacque, who is best known for playing Detective Neal Washington in the hit NBC crime drama series Hill Street Blues, died in Atlanta at 82. According to reports, the actor had been battling an undisclosed illness at the time of his death, his family announced. He started his career with several guest-starring roles, starting with What's Happening in 1976. Fans of the actor will best remember his role in the popular show Hill Street Blues. Tributes have since poured in for the actor as fans offered their condolences on social media. Twitter user, @DonaldPeeblesJr penned: "I am saddened right now. Taurean Blacque made the transition to the Ancestors at the age of 82. I cannot believe it. He was the first Henry Marshall on Generations #RIPTaureanBlacque #HenryMarshall #Generations." READ MORE: American Pickers' Frank Fritz rushed to hospital after stroke @JuddApatow commented: "Taurean Blacque, Emmy-nominated Hill Street Blues actor, dies at 82 - Entertainment Weekly. RIP. He was incredible on Hill Street Blues. One of my all time favorites." @exhoops added: "One of my favorite TV shows of all-time lost one of the coolest actors on the show today when “Hill Street Blues” Detective Neal Washington passed away at 82. He also had one of the more unique names in the business - Taurean Blacque. #RIP." @MarshaWarfield said: "Rest well Taurean Blacque." The actor was born Herbert Middleton Jr in Newark, New Jersey in 1940 and honed his craft at the New Federal Theatre in New York City. After his appearance in What's Happening in the mid-70s, he went on to guest star in Snip, Sanford and Son, Wonderbug, The Krofft Supershow, The Tony Randall Show, Charlie's Angels, The Bob Newhart Show and Good Times. Blacque made his feature film debut in the 1978 film House Calls, which he followed up as a lawyer in the 1979 sequel Rocky II. The actor would to get more on-screen roles including Beyond Death's Door and The Hunter and TV roles in The Love Boat before landing the role of Detective Neal Washington in NBC's Hill Street Blues. The on-screen star remained on the NBC series for its entire seven-season run, earning an Emmy nomination in 1982 for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Drama Series. DON'T MISS... Britney Spears writhes around topless in 11 naked pics[LATEST]Meghan and Harry's appearance 'paint a thousand words' claims host[ROYALS]Lewis Hamilton dons striking pink attire ahead of French Grand Prix[PICTURES] After Hill Street Blues, he starred in movies DeepStar Six and Oliver & Company before starring in the soap opera Generations. He played Henry Marshall in just over 100 episodes of the series, though after he wrapped on that show, he worked more sparingly throughout the 1990s. The actor guest-starred in True Colors, In the Heat of the Night and Dream On, and films such as Fled. Blacque then went on to play Detective Wheeler in the TV series Savannah, appearing throughout most of of the two-season run. He worked even sparingly throughout the 2000s with Nowhere Road, Step Off and his final role in a 2018 episode of Kevin (Probably) Saves the World. The longtime Atlanta resident also performed frequently at the Alliance Theatre of Atlanta. Blacque is survived by 12 children, 18 grandchildren and two great-great grandchildren. 