Diet guru and weight loss expert Dr Michael Mosley has shared his top ways to shed extra unwanted poundage for those feeling like they are carrying a little extra weight. And he advocates for the Mediterranean diet that offers one "delicious" food in particular that promotes weight loss. And they give the dietician the energy boost he needs to start his day right. He claimed if a person has eggs for breakfast, they will help to shed pounds. "Boiled, poached, scrambled or as an omelette – they’ll keep you feeling fuller for longer compared with cereal or toast," he explained. "Delicious with greens and Parmesan or smoked salmon and a sprinkle of chilli." Dr Mosley is most famous for his diet schemes such as the Fast 800, which offers plenty of breakfast recipes that include eggs. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake They accelerate the metabolism of the body, which increases fat burning speed. According to Healthline, "eggs are among the most nutritious foods on the planet". They are loaded with high-quality proteins, vitamins, minerals, good fats and various trace nutrients, with a large egg containing only 77 calories. Speaking on BBC Breakfast in 2019, Dr Mosley revealed his go-to breakfast favourites. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] "For breakfast I’ve got eggs and asparagus," he said. "I’m a huge fan of eggs - eggs fill you up. “You can have scrambled eggs, boiled eggs, however, you want them. “Sometimes I have eggs with ham or a bit of salmon. READ MORE: Michael Mosley weight loss: Remove three foods to stay slim “No toast I’m afraid, plenty of tea and coffee, plenty of fluid." Eating plenty of protein is an huge part of the Mediterranean diet which consists of mostly plant-based foods, like fruits and vegetables, potatoes, whole-grains, beans, nuts, seeds and extra virgin olive oil. It usually includes a low intake of meat and dairy foods. The NHS states that the Mediterranean diet has been linked with good health, including a healthier heart. And Dr Mosley agreed with this, adding: "A low carb Mediterranean diet has unique power not just to restore your body’s ability to reach its ideal weight and stay there, but also to cut your risk of serious disease. "It doesn’t come from a place of restriction but rather it’s about eating more of the right foods. "Not only will these foods keep you feeling full, but they also offer important nutrients and health benefits, and taste delicious.”