The Met Office has issued its first-ever red weather warning over extreme heat. Britons should expect temperatures to reach 40°C next week - a first in the UK as the current record high temperature is 38.7 C reached in the Cambridge Botanic Garden on July 25, 2019. The current heatwave is set to peak on Tuesday. In its latest upgrade, the Met Office says Wales could see temperatures of 37°C on Monday.  Sky News correspondent Matthew Thompson said: "We've been talking for a week or two now about a rare amber alert. That has just been upgraded to a never before heard of red warning for most parts of England. "As for Monday and Tuesday of next week, from an area just south of London, it goes up through the Midlands as far as Manchester in the Northwest and Hull over in Yorkshire and Humberside. "And the reason that's in place is because on Monday and Tuesday next week, there's around an 80 percent chance now a forecast that the UK's temperature record will be broken. "That currently stands at 38.7 degrees. It was set in Cambridge back in 2019."  The red warning for Monday and Tuesday says there is a "very likely" risk over life-threatening temperatures. It adds: "Exceptional, perhaps record-breaking, temperatures are likely on Monday, then again on Tuesday. Nights are also likely to be exceptionally warm for the UK, especially in urban areas. This is likely to lead to widespread impacts on people and infrastructure. Temperatures are expected to drop away from Wednesday onwards." The exceptional hot spell could lead to localised power outages and loss of essential services like water and mobile phone service. The expected influx of people towards coastal areas, lakes and rivers will result in water safety incidents. The Red Extreme heat warning will cover parts of central, northern, eastern and southeastern England. Among the cities concerned by the extreme heat episode are London, Oxford, Peterborough, Birmingham, Nottingham, Stoke-on-Trent, Hull and Manchester. READ MORE: Schools closed due to hot weather: Is yours on the list? The Met Office has issued an amber alert of the north and east of England as well as Wales for much of Sunday, Monday and Tuesday. The hot spell is likely to develop from Sunday and likely to peak next week. Met Office Chief Meteorologist Paul Gundersen, said: "Exceptional, perhaps record-breaking temperatures are likely early next week, quite widely across the red warning area on Monday, and focussed a little more east and north on Tuesday. "Currently there is a 50 percent chance we could see temperatures top 40C and 80% we will see a new maximum temperature reached." DON'T MISS:Solar storm alert: Radio blackouts feared as huge flare heads to Earth [ALERT]‘Worst mistake’ gardeners can make during a heatwave - how to prevent [EXPLAINER]BBC Weather: Brits brace for record-breaking 40C heat [REPORT] "Nights are also likely to be exceptionally warm, especially in urban areas," Mr Gundersen said. "This is likely to lead to widespread impacts on people and infrastructure. "Therefore, it is important people plan for the heat and consider changing their routines. "This level of heat can have adverse health effects." The red weather warning says there is a likely risk to life, substantial disruption to travel and energy supplies, possible widespread damage to protecty and infrastructure. People should avoid travelling as much as possible. READ NEXT:NHS fears overwhelming patient numbers due to heatwaveUK weather: Rail services to be affected Heatwave: Schools to send pupils home Britain bakes in sweltering heatwave - 'amber alert' Maps show exactly when UK will be in for summer heatwave WASH OUT