Prince Charles' responsibilities within The Firm have ramped up recently, particularly as the 73-year-old prepares for his new future role. However, according to one royal expert, the heir to the throne once wanted to leave his royal role behind for a life in the Italian region of Tuscany. Speaking on the latest episode of Royally Us, royal expert and author Gareth Russell discussed Charles' previous plans. After being asked by host Christina Garibaldi, about Charles' plans to move to Italy, Mr Russell said: "That was one of the things I heard from three different people. "This was really in the 1990s, at the height or depth of tabloid intrusion into his life, and Diana's." He added: "I think he was, you know, he felt very, he was very angry and it was getting to the stage where it had really affected his life, his estranged wife's life and their children's lives. "People forget how remorseless media intrusion to them was in the 1900s." READ MORE: Prince Harry and Meghan Markle 'chagrined, annoyed and angry' after royals close ranks The royal historian added: "He had come up with this idea, allegedly, that he would spend six months of the year living in Tuscany in Northern Italy." Prince Charles and Diana, the Princess of Wales' marriage ended in divorce in 1996. Four years prior to their divorce being finalised, the couple’s separation was announced by Prime Minister John Major in 1992. At the time, Mr Major read out a statement, which read: “This decision has been reached amicably and they will both continue to participate fully in the upbringing of their children”. READ MORE: Meghan Markle sparks 'another war of words' as Duchess defends Oprah interview After just five years of marriage, both Charles and Diana have extramarital affairs and the breakdown of the marriage secretly begins. The following few years saw the couple plagued with rumours of marital problems. Speaking during an interview with the BBC in 1995, a year prior to their divorce, Diana tells of her “deep, deep, profound sadness” at the decision to end the marriage. DON'T MISS Kate and William argued over 'divisive' Prince George appearance [REPORT] Prince William issues rare personal message to England's Lionesses [REVEAL] Anne puts Kate and Wills to shame as she attends 9 engagements in days [REPORT] It was reportedly the Queen Mother who convinced Charles not to leave the Royal Family. Speaking to Kinsey Schofield, on a past episode of the To Di For Daily podcast, Mr Russell: “She [the Queen Mother] did, at one point, get a whisper that Prince Charles was considering going to live in Italy in the early Nineties. Due to the way the Queen Mother phrased it, "it became very clear to Charles that she was telling him: ‘Do not leave this country.", claimed Mr Russell. READ NEXT: