Michael Bublé, 46, stopped his concert at Exeter's Powderham Castle yesterday after hearing crowds “shouting” for medical help. The Canadian singer was on the last leg of his UK tour, An Evening with Michael Bublé. Michael’s UK tour had been rescheduled last year due to the coronavirus restrictions in place at the time. However, Michael was forced to bring the last show of the tour to a halt after members of the audience began trying to get the paramedics’ attention, according to reports. The Just Haven't Met You Yet hitmaker appeared confused for a moment until he realised one concert-goer could be in an emergency. However, following the commotion, Michael reportedly attempted to calm down the crowds. Member of the audience Carla Snell told The Mirror: "There were people in the back of the crowd and Michael said: ‘What's going on why is all these people shouting?' “And then he asked for the paramedics to go and he talked to the crowd about not being scared. "People in the audience were shouting and trying to get his attention as paramedics were required. "He sort of made a joke of it at the end," Carla added to the publication. Despite last night’s alarming situation, Michael seemed to have enjoyed his time in the UK. Last month, the singer heaped praise on an Indian restaurant in Birmingham that gave him and his family the star treatment. Michael had nothing but good things to say about Michelin-starred Indian restaurant Opheem after his visit. He even took to Instagram to tell his fans about the experience given to him by head chef Aktar Islam. DON'T MISS...Brian May bids farewell to 'dear pal' on final night of tour [LATEST]Britney Spears gushes over ‘coolest guy ever’ Taron Egerton [PICTURES]Demi Moore, 59, showcases ageless figure in plunging white swimsuit [INSTAGRAM] The star joked that he would be “dreaming about” the chef that night thanks to his food. He also revealed that Aktar shut down the restaurant for the night to make sure he and his family were properly looked after. Michael told his followers: "Tonight in Birmingham, my friend Aktar closed down one of the great restaurants in the world, called Opheem. “And he's closed it down just for me and my family - come and check this out. "Ten years ago, I came to his first restaurant and fell in love. “And here we are, years later and I'm in love again. Give me a kiss." The singer was accompanied on the special visit by his pregnant wife, actress Luisana Lopliato, 35. Michael and Luisana announced earlier this year that they are expecting their fourth child.