Sardinia in Italy is one of the country’s top tourist destinations. Visitors are drawn to its gorgeous beaches as the island has an incredible 2,000km coastline. However, this year tourists will have to follow some new strict rules including charges to visit some of the island’s most popular beaches. Sardinia’s popularity has caused the island some issues due to overtourism, litter and sand theft. Known for its gorgeous white beaches, the island has struggled with tourists illegally taking sand as a souvenir. Tourists can now face heavy fines for sand theft and bags could be checked at the airport. READ MORE: Bus services axed across UK - is your area affected? Full list In Budelli, the Spiaggia del Cavaliere and the Spiaggia Rosa are completely off limits to tourists this year. La Maddalena, Cala Coticcio and Cala Brigantina are capping visitor numbers with only 60 people allowed to visit the popular beaches per day. Tourists have to book a slot online and pay three euros (£2.59) each to access one of the beaches. Several other beaches are also limiting the number of visitors to control overtourism in the popular spots. On the southeast of the island, beachgoers will be charged to access some beaches’ car parks. Vehicles cost 10 euros (£8.63) while each passenger will also need to pay one euro (86p) to visit. At the famous Pelosa beach tourists are banned from using beach towels as they can capture sand. Visitors will need to bring beach mats instead and buy a 3.50 euro (£3) ticket to access Pelosa. READ MORE: Cornwall fears cost of living crisis will hurt tourism this summer Sardinia isn’t the only Italian destination to be limiting tourist numbers and charging visitors. The Amalfi coast has introduced a new number plate system to stop the famous road getting clogged up with cars. Drivers with odd number plates will be able to drive on odd days while even plates can access the road on even days. Local residents will be exempt with the rules which are designed to avoid hour long queues on the popular coastline. Venice is set to introduce a fee for daytrippers which could heavily impact cruise passengers who tend to visit the city for one day. Visitors would have to pay to enter the city for the day. Overnight visitors would be exempt as they already pay an overnight tax. Meanwhile, in Spain tourist officials in Benidorm have reacted with rage to plans by the local Government to introduce a tourist tax. Although the tax would be optional for holiday resorts, officials fear it would put tourists off travelling to Benidorm.