While the cost of goods and energy continue to spiral, inflation figures in the UK rose to a staggering 9.4 percent as of June. As a means to hamper rates jumping to double figures by the end of the year, the Bank of England increased its base interest rate to 1.25 percent. Although that might sound like a positive step for savers - and to a degree, it is - rates are still well below the inflation rate. The turbulent financial landscape of high inflation and low-interest rates is leaving many to question just what the impact might be on their savings accounts. Zoe Dagless, senior financial planner at Vanguard told Express.co.uk: “When inflation is higher than interest rates, as it currently is, leaving your pot sitting in cash will only erode the value of your hard-earned savings over time.” This is because with prices rapidly rising, your savings run the risk of losing value in ‘real’ terms as you’ll be able to buy less with your money. Ms Dagless continued: “Investing using a Stocks and Shares ISA inevitably means taking on more risk, but more often than not you’ll be getting a better return.” Similar to a normal cash ISA, a stocks and shares ISA provides a tax-efficient way of saving.  READ MORE: Six best stocks to invest in for summer ‘perfect position to thrive'  However, unlike a normal cash ISA, a stocks and shares ISA allows you to invest in a range of different securities including funds and individual company shares. Tom Cullen, former investment banker and start-up founder told Express.co.uk: "When you buy shares, you can make money one of two ways. The first is through dividends, which are essentially payments to shareholders from company profits. "The second is through capital appreciation, which occurs when the value of your shares increases." However, whether this is a good option for you all depends on what you’re saving for, your current financial circumstances, and whether you’re able to take a risk. To assess your current circumstance, there are two key areas to consider. Ben Rogers, chartered financial planner at Equilibrium Financial Planning said: “Firstly, it depends on how much you can afford to save without it impacting your lifestyle and secondly, it’s important to think about when you might need to access this money.”  Mr Cullen said: “If you’re investing in the long-run, a stocks and shares ISA is much better than a regular savings account, given stocks tend to outperform interest rates. “For example, the MSCI World Index, a broad benchmark for global stocks, has annualised 10 percent in the last 10 years - compared to a traditional savings account, which would likely have lost you money in real terms.” Rachel Harte, head of financial planning at Claro Money weighed in: “If you have at least three to five years to keep the money invested, stocks and shares ISAs are best for saving for mid to long-term goals including buying a home or retiring.” But, as mentioned, investing in one of these accounts does pose a risk as there’s a chance the value of the investment can fluctuate too. Ms Harte said: “The returns on stocks and shares ISAs are not guaranteed and will depend on how the market performs. DON'T MISS:Virgin Money hikes interest rate on savings accounts - 'Better value!' [INSIGHT]How to get a mortgage approved: 5 tips to ‘boost’ chances - expert [EXPLAINED]Best savings account UK: The top 10 easy-access accounts [ANALYSIS]     “However, many investment funds exist where the risk is spread across a range of different assets, making a considerable loss of investment unlikely. As a general rule, you should not invest more than you can afford to lose.” So, when is a good time to invest in a stocks and shares ISA? Mr Rogers said: “If a stocks and shares ISA is appropriate, now could be a good time to open an ISA. "The global political and economic uncertainty are creating some volatility and the markets are lower than at the start of the year, creating a potential growth opportunity for long-term investors." Samuel Leach, director at Samuel & Co Trading told Express.co.uk: “Stocks and shares ISAs should be viewed as a long-term investment, but if you are looking to save money short term with the view to use it in a couple of years, your safer option is to opt for a cash ISA and fix it with a period of time you are comfortable with. “Whilst, for now, you will be losing money in real terms as inflation is so high, it still beats holding the money as cash. “It’s risk-free compared to investing in a stocks and shares ISA, especially when the major stock markets are currently in a downtrend due to worries about inflation and a potential recession.” Think about costs When you’re getting started with investing, look for funds with low ongoing charges figures (OCFs) and providers with low management fees. Ms Dagless said: “By keeping costs low, you will keep more of your investment returns. When it comes to investing, costs are one of the few things you can control so make sure to keep them as low as possible.” Make a plan and stick to it Choose funds that are aligned to your long-term objectives and then sit back and try to tune out of market noise. Ms Dagless said: “Clear goals can help you stay focused, especially when markets are temporarily in turmoil, but a solid plan and a low-cost, well-balanced portfolio can only achieve their potential if you stick with them.” Stay balanced Think about how comfortable you are with investment risk. Ms Dagless said: “The prices of shares and bonds naturally fluctuate, with some asset classes more volatile than others. “More risk typically comes with greater return opportunities, so you’ll need to decide for yourself: How much volatility can you accept without losing sleep?   “You can influence the volatility of your overall portfolio by finding a mix of shares (higher return opportunities, higher risks) and bonds (lower return opportunities, lower risks) that suits you.” Diversification This year has been unpredictable, to say the least, and who knows what 2023 will bring for savers and investors. Ms Dagless said: ”What we do know is that a well-diversified portfolio will help to buffer any market swings due to a healthy mix of assets and sectors. “When thinking about diversification, you also need to think about geography. “If all of your investments are in one market, then you’re in trouble if that market performs badly. Spread your investments across a variety of countries and you won’t be so vulnerable to any one of them losing money.” 