Ms Muroki praised co-host, Tom Harwood, for his enthusiasm and compared him to the Mayor of London. Sadiq Khan gave a speech Tuesday about climate change and the weather Britain is currently experiencing, which Ms Muroki and Mr Harwood mocked. Ms Muroki claimed Mr Khan was dull and teased that he will be speaking to one of the GB News reporters later on during the show. Mr Harwood agreed with his co-host and claimed Mr Khan lacked charisma and talent. Ms Muroki said: "I wish Sadiq Khan was as enthusiastic as you, we were just seeing Sadiq Khan a moment ago. "We're going to be... Our reporter is going to be speaking to him later on. "He was so dull, wasn't he?" Mr Harwood said: "We'll, you think if you've got to the position of being Mayor of London, you would have a bit of charisma, a bit of uniqueness, a bit of talent." Ms Muroki added: "He's never seen charisma in his life that man, but anyway..."  JUST IN: GB News: Ex-Conservative MP warns against 'underestimating' Brexiteer Penny Mordaunt      Mr Khan spoke at an international climate change summit hosted by the FIA Foundation where he vowed to make a safe, green and livable future for all citizens. The Mayor of London has been aiming to clean up London's air and tackle pollution in the capital, despite backlash. Mr Khan has been proposing to expand ULEZ to cover other areas just on the outskirts of the capital as part of this. The expansion is set to come into effect by August 2023. READ MORE:Labour's bid to oust Boris from No10 tonight FLOPS after PM humiliated Starmer in Commons     Mr Khan told BBC’s Sunday Morning Live: “We have a big problem in our city. “It’s a crisis, it’s an air quality crisis, which is leading to more than 4,000 premature deaths each year because of this invisible killer. “Children are left with stunted lungs forever because of the poor air quality. “And adults are left with a host of other health issues from asthma to cancer, from heart disease to lung disease.” DON’T MISS: Nigel Farage blasts Prince Harry after UN speech for 'never working a day in his life'[INSIGHT] ‘Harry’s voice but Meghan’s words’ Duke and Duchess accused of being FAKE over UN speech [REVEAL] Truss campaign on the ropes as Gove urges MPs to switch to rising star Kemi Badenoch [SPOTLIGHT]      