Using the air conditioning system in the summer is vital. This is because failing to have a vehicle adequately ventilated in hot weather could see drivers break rule 237 of the Highway Code. The rule states that motorists must keep their cars “well ventilated”. The rule came into force to make sure that drivers avoid drowsiness when they’re in control of a car. If motorists fail to adhere to the guidance and subsequently lose control of their vehicle they risk a fine of up to £5,000 in the most serious cases. As a result of this, motorists are urged to keep their vehicles “well ventilated” as the temperatures soar. This is advised to ensure that drivers avoid becoming drowsy and potentially losing concentration when at the wheel. READ MORE: Drivers urged to press important button when switching car off However, with the petrol and diesel prices remaining high, many drivers could be reluctant to use the air con as it burns more fuel. Thankfully, there is a way to use the air con and reduce fuel consumption at the same time. Air con systems usually work by taking the outside air and then heating or cooling it. However, drivers have been told that this method uses much more fuel compared to the option which lets the car’s air-con system use the air from inside the car. DON'T MISS Electric cars might not be the best way to tackle the fuel crisis [INSIGHT] Drivers urged to use little-known fuel-saving techniques [REVEAL] Drivers urged to use special kind of sunglasses when driving [ADVICE] The air recirculation button allows drivers to choose between the two options. If activated, the button allows the air con to use the air from inside the car by drawing it through vents. And, at the same time, it stops the outside air from getting in. The button is usually located around the air con dial that allows the driver to set the internal temperature. READ MORE: Fuel station selling petrol for just £1.69 a litre - mile-long queues It has a picture of a car with an arrow inside it. Using the button will help reduce fuel consumption as it puts less strain on the car’s engine. The principle is the same for electric cars as the air con will put less strain on the battery. Bradley Jando of Kwik Fit said: "The compressor requires energy to run your vehicle’s air conditioning system and so will use a small amount of fuel whenever the system is running. "It could increase your fuel usage by as much as 10 percent, and the effects are particularly noticeable on short journeys. "When you initially set off, the air con has to work hard to bring the internal temperature down to a comfortable level."