Fraudsters are pretending to be from HMRC in an attempt to steal sensitive information which can result in Britons losing their entire life savings. Scammers send messages out at key moments in the tax year so it’s easy to mistake them for the real thing. Online scams and fraud are on the rise with scammers becoming increasingly sophisticated, sometimes going to extreme lengths to get hold of people’s hard earned cash. On a daily basis, tax firm RIFT hears Britons receiving fake text messages, emails and phone calls from fraudsters pretending to be from HMRC. CEO of RIFT Tax Refunds, Bradley Post, said scammers are making the most of modern technology. Mr Post said: “Although technology has drastically improved many processes, including the way we file and pay our taxes, it has also provided scammers with additional and often easier ways of deceiving people and relieving them of their hard earned cash.” READ MORE: TV licence: How to get money back on your TV licence fee While many people believe they wouldn’t fall victim to a scammer, these attempts can be extremely convincing in the way they are executed. Mr Post added: “Scammers are also continuously evolving the way in which they execute these scams and so it’s important to remain vigilant at all times. “Those utilising professional help, whether it be when submitting their taxes, or when claiming a refund, will, at least, have the additional safety net of trained professionals to rely on both operationally and to sense check any suspect correspondence they might receive. “At RIFT, we always ensure that we make our customers aware of any new scams circulating as a preemptive measure to minimise risk, but if something feels off or out of the ordinary, stop and get confirmation from a trusted source before you provide any sensitive information.” DON'T MISS:Huge support for state pension increase — ‘Lagging behind!’ [UPDATE]Pensioners entitled to extra £370 a month - who is eligible? [INSIGHT]Fake bank accounts and pension schemes warning as scams soar [WARNING]Thousands of Britons are paying too much for a TV licence - are you? [ALERT] RIFT outlined the types of HMRC scams people need to look out for: Phishing emailsFake text messagesFake websitesPhone call scamsIdentity theft READ MORE: Premium Bonds: NS&I announces July winners - have you won £1million? Phishing scams usually take the form of emails that claim to be from HMRC and are usually sent out at key moments in the tax calendar, especially around Self Assessment deadlines. Much like a phishing email, scammers will try sending a text message that claims to be from HMRC either promising a tax refund or insisting that outstanding tax is owed. In some cases, the message will include the threat of legal action and arrest if action is not taken immediately. Texts and emails will often direct you to a fake website which are incredibly dangerous because they look identical to the HMRC Self Assessment website. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Fraudsters may choose cold calling as their preferred method of scamming, which often catches the potential victim off guard. It is easy for panicked victims to give over the requested data without taking the time to question whether the phone call is genuine or a scam. All of these scams have one of two goals - to steal money or sensitive information. Handing over sensitive information can lead to fraudsters taking out credit cards, buy goods, or even take out loans in their victim’s name. People can report suspicious activity to Action Fraud on 0300 123 2040. 