The bank has received reports of a scam call received by Britons, and is seeking to protect individuals as much as possible. In this scam, Britons receive a call out of the blue, claiming to be from Amazon. Posing as the online retail giant, there is an automated message, letting Britons know an Amazon Prime account has been opened in their name. Amazon Prime is the paid subscription service of the organisation which offers speedy delivery for a set price per month. Understandably, people receiving this message may be concerned if they haven’t opened a Prime account themselves. However, the automated message states that if this was not an action taken by the person, they should “press one” on their receiver. READ MORE: 30-year ‘secret tax grab’ continues as ‘potent weapon' lives on  Doing so, the message states, will connect Britons to a customer service representative to cancel the transaction.  But upon engaging with the call, individuals will instead be directed straight to a scammer.  As the fraudster poses as an official employee of Amazon, they may be able to convince people to part with sensitive details, such as their card information.  In another iteration of the scam, the scammer informs the victim their Prime subscription was purchased fraudulently due to a “security flaw” on their computer. DON'T MISSNHS nurse, 58, horrified after cruel scam lost her £45,000 [VIDEO]‘Very believable!’ Barclays issues warning on vicious scam text [WARNING]Inheritance warning: Grandparents urged to act to protect wealth [EXCLUSIVE] As a result, the supposed Amazon worker asks for remote access to the recipient’s computer. However, this is once again another elaborate ruse which allows scammers to harvest personal details and make off with cash. Halifax has confirmed this is a scam, adding: “This is how they will steal your money.” The bank explained Amazon would ever call a person to ask them to download something, or to make a payment outside of its website. READ MORE: Woman discovered she owed E.ON £1,000 despite paying her monthly bill Indeed, it is extremely rare for Amazon to call Britons about anything at all - and even if they do, they will ever ask for personal details. As such, Halifax has urged people to hang up immediately if they receive a call of this kind. If someone wants to call back, they should use a number they trust, not one which is provided to them. Halifax added: “Unless you called for help, never download anything to your device for a call out of the blue. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea “Amazon would never ask for remote access. “Never share personal or banking details to a person who calls out of the blue.” Those who believe they may have fallen victim - either to this scam, or another - should contact their bank immediately. They can also report the scam to Action Fraud who will investigate the matter further.