Stacey Solomon, 32, has reacted angrily to her fiancé Joe Swash as he playfully mocked her for packing a week early for her hen do. It comes as the Loose Women star prepares to jet off for her hen do next weekend ahead of the wedding to Joe at the end of July. The star prepares to set off to enjoy her weekend away, but hasn’t yet revealed the location. She did, however, say she would be getting on a plane for the first time in three years. Taking to Instagram, she shared a photo of her suitcase all packed and ready to go with her 5.3 million followers. She wrote: “I’ve not been on a girls holiday without the pickles since my sister's hen do. READ MORE: Loose Women’s Denise Welch sparks frenzy in busty red swimsuit snap “Rex and Rose weren’t even here. “And I haven’t been on a plane since 2019 pre Covid. I’ve never been so excited and I’ve NEVER packed so light.” In a clip on her Instagram stories, husband to be Joe is heard saying: “Who packs a week early to go away for three days?” “It’s not a week early. I’m going in a few days,” Stacey hit back. Talking to the camera, she added: “Joe’s taking the mickey out of me because I’ve packed already.” She then asked fans to settle a debate the two had been having about travelling. Stacey said: “Settle an argument for us please. Joe packs his stuff on the morning of in a plastic bag and I can’t take it. “It honestly makes me so anxious for him.” DON'T MISS... Amanda Owen addresses ‘chaotic’ home life at Ravenseat amid split [INSIGHT]Madonna, 63, goes topless as she strips off in eye-popping snaps [UPDATE]Lady Victoria Hervey, 45, goes underwear-free in daring number [ANALYSIS] Joe replied reminding Stacey she had been “planning this packing for two weeks”. Stacey is known for her organisational skills and even has a book titled Tap to Tidy. She replied to Joe’s mockery by saying: “Packing is the best part!” Continuing the playful banter between the two, she derided him for “packing in an Asda bag”. Next weekend will mark the second hen-do that Stacey has been on, after her sister Jemma took her away last summer for a weekend in the UK. The 32-year-old headed off to Lincoln at the time in a fancy holiday home with a hot tub, alongside friends and members of her family. Stacey shared a video tour of the barn conversion property on Instagram. At the time Stacey was pregnant with daughter Rose so wasn’t able to indulge in alcohol. She wrote: “Sooo many of you asking where we were... It was a beautiful house on a little complex in Lincoln. A small family business called @ashlin_farm_barns.” Stacey and Joe Swash are set to marry in the garden of their £1.2 million Essex home, which they’ve nicknamed Pickle Cottage.