For leaders gathering for the 2010 Lisbon summit, the main topic for discussion was the endgame in Afghanistan. Obama, buoyed by Moscow’s offer of access through Russian airspace, had already scrapped a European missile defence shield and President Dmitry Medvedev was even invited to Lisbon. Both Vladimir Putin’s seminal speech at the 2007 Munich security conference, where he openly laid out the pathway that was to bring Europe to its crisis today, and his subsequent invasion of Georgia were dismissed. They were branded as inconvenient as those pesky Eastern European leaders who continued to warn about Putin’s territorial ambitions and potential weaponisation of energy supplies. The Russian invasion of Crimea and Donbas finally squashed any illusion of reset, and led to the first, faltering, steps of reappraisal at the 2014 Wales summit. Even recalcitrant members Italy, Germany and Spain agreed to distant programmes that would see them eventually honour Nato’s defence spending minimum of two percent of GDP. Small battle groups were formed to act as invasion “trip-wires” and tentative steps were taken to address geographical bottlenecks to allow heavy armour to move across Europe quickly. How different is the Nato that gathered at the recent summit in Madrid? Offered a new sense of purpose the transatlantic alliance is reinvigorated and more united than at any point in the last 30 years. Sweden and Finland are now joined, formally bringing fresh talent and technological capabilities while shoring up Nato’s Northern and Baltic borders with Russia. Now the buzz word is deniability, made possible by doubling the number of troops permanently parked on Russia’s borders and extending the “high readiness” force to 300,000 – a five-fold increase. Of those, 100,000 will reach the frontlines in 10 days. Other steps include a new €1billion innovation fund and a pledge to more closely harmonise defence projects. Cyber, AI and nuclear capabilities were all on the table as Russia and China were formally recognised as strategic threats. Yet while the rhetoric is sound, it took three years for the enhanced forward battalions to be installed. Even then, jittery mandarins had ordered commanders not to identify Russia by name, as I discovered when I spent time with British and US troops in Poland in 2017. I also remember exasperated Nato sources telling me how reluctant many members still were to put their hands in their pockets and pay for vital bridge strengthening and road widening. In fact, it was only in April of this year, after months of Ukrainian encirclement by Russian troops, that the EU’s Connecting Europe Facility agreed to spend €1.1billion (instead of the €6.1billion suggested) to help countries do this. Only a third of Nato’s 30 members meet the minimum two percent defence spend target today. We still have to wait until 2024 – 10 years after the Newport pledge – for a further 19 members to get there, while others have no clear timescale in sight. Britain will increase its defence spending to 2.5 percent of GDP by 2030, under a pledge by Boris Johnson, who was responsible for the UK leading the European response on Ukraine. But the energy crisis and soaring inflation mean that, for the UK and its allies, defence spending in real terms will decrease. And while Nato governments forge ahead with robust statements, polls reveal deep divisions in Europe over the level of financial commitment people at home, concerned about the cost of living, will accept on what many still see as a faraway conflict. Though the granting of EU candidate status to Ukraine is significant to Kyiv, many Europeans see it as a cost-free gesture, while economies continue to grapple with their reliance on Russian energy supplies. Despite Germany’s Chancellor Scholz’s €100billion defence pledge in February, promises such as the delivery of heavy armour to Ukraine remain unfulfilled. And Berlin now faces the real prospect of industry shutdown as Russia turns off the gas taps. While US President Biden’s 20,000 troop boost to Europe was welcome, fears remain about the prospect of a Republican victory in 2024 – a party becoming ever more insular. Yet sacrifice will be required by those who value democracy, and governments will need to intervene. The hard work is yet to come.