Aldi is expanding their beauty brand, Lacura and welcoming new products to benefit dull, damaged and frizzy hair. Formulated with specialist ingredients, the Bonded range includes a hydrating shampoo, repairing conditioner and nourishing pre-wash hair treatment that is said to rival the leading brand Olaplex. The three products are specially formulated with premium ingredients including Vitamin E, Hyaluronic Acid and Hydrogenated Castor Oil. The Bonded range promises to repair damaged and frizzy hair, giving shoppers a premium salon finish at an affordable price. The pre-wash hair treatment contains extracts of Jojoba Seed Oil and Panthenol. It’s a concentrated pre-shampoo treatment that is said to nourish and condition to strengthen hair and reduce damage. READ MORE: The Boots Beauty Vault is worth over £130 and on sale for £35 Lacura recommends applying it weekly from root to tip for 10 minutes before shampooing for beautifully shiny hair. The pre-wash treatment is priced at £3.49 for 100ml. The bonded shampoo has added glycerin, castor, banana and pomegranate extract. The formula is said to promote healthy hair follicles, adding proteins that repair from the roots down. The shampoo is priced at £3.49 for 250ml. DON'T MISS...How to make a loaf of bread for less than 50p [RECIPE]Queen ‘broke tradition’ with her favourite Scottish hobby [VIDEO]Prince Harry ‘not pleased’ with Meghan’s ‘clingy’ behaviour [COMMENT] The conditioner has been made to fortify damaged locks with the help of avocado and argan oil, resulting in a frizz-free finish. It is priced at £3.49 for 250ml. t is worth noting, that Olaplex’s signature bond building comes from a patented ingredient called bis-aminopropyl diglycol dimaleate. Aldi’s products have no mention of including this. So if you’re looking for the true Olaplex result, it’s worth considering buying the real product. READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Beatrice wear almost identical blue dress Olaplex’s No 3 Hair Perfector has been named the number one product in prestige hair care. But it doesn’t come cheap, for a 100ml bottle it’s priced at £28. Due to the price of Aldi’s Bonded products, beauty lovers’ interests have been piqued. In the Money Saver By Dansway Facebook group, hundreds commented on the products. Vikki Wall said: “Would be worth a try for the price x.” “Worth a try at that price! Quarter of what olaplex is! Hopefully just as good,” Remy Harvey wrote. Rosie Dawnson commented: “All over this mate game changer.” The Bonded range is available for pre-order from July 24. Shoppers can purchase it in-store from July 28, but while stocks last.