Nick Kyrgios’ final training session before his Wimbledon quarter-final on Wednesday was filmed by a Netflix crew making the new tennis equivalent of the uber-successful Formula One 'Drive to Survive' series. And as the Aussie walked past a posse of cameras and reporters at the Aorangi Park practice grounds, he murmured to a member of his entourage: "I feel like I'm in The Last Dance." That is in reference to another Netflix docuseries charting the final season of NBA legend Michael Jordan. But really Kyrgios' whole career - and even this Wimbledon - has been one drama after another. And the build-up to the latest instalment - his biggest match for over seven years on Court No 1 - has been overshadowed by the news that he faces a court case in Canberra for allegedly assaulting a former girlfriend in December last year. The case, which carries a maximum jail sentence of two years, relates to an allegation that Kyrgios grabbed former partner Chiara Passari. He will appear at the Australia Capital Territory (ACT) Magistrates' Court at 9.30am on August 2. He refused to answer questions about the allegations after his practice session. Perhaps no other star in history has attracted the headlines of Kyrgios in relation to his actual sporting achievements. MORE WIMBLEDON NEWS... Novak Djokovic gave himself a 'pep talk in the mirror' before comebackWimbledon star copies Kyrgios and produces tweener ace on match pointNadal's Wimbledon practice showed three things ahead of Fritz rematch His highest ranking is No 13 and on Wednesday he will play Chile’s world No 43 Cristian Garin in his latest bid to reach his first Grand Slam semi-final. He reached his first Major quarter-final by beating then world No 1 Rafa Nadal on his Wimbledon debut in 2014 and he has never gone further some. He last got to this stage of a Major at the 2015 Australian Open. At the age of 27, he finally seems ready to fulfil his undoubted ability, having already tasted glory at a Slam this year when he won the Australian Open men's doubles with Thanasi Kokkinakis. This match will show if his greatest talent is for self-destruction. Meanwhile, an All England Club spokesperson said amid the allegations against Kyrgios: "We have been made aware of legal proceedings involving Nick Kyrgios in Australia, and as they are ongoing, we are not in a position to offer a comment. We are in touch with Nick’s team and he remains scheduled to play his quarter-final match tomorrow."