She has embraced technological innovation throughout her 70-year-reign and, although mobile phones in her face can be the bane of her life, the 96-year-old monarch saw the funny side of some unfortunate timing. Just as she was introduced to Graham White and his wife Pat, who has stage 4 cancer and is receiving respite care at Thames Hospice’s new 28-bedroom building in Maidenhead, Berkshire, his phone rang. The Queen, smiling, said: “His phone instantly rings.” Mr White, 67, from Sandhurst, Berkshire, sheepishly said it was his son calling after deftly reaching into his pocket to switch it off. “I turned my wife’s phone off and I could have sworn mine was off - that was a bit embarrassing,” he added. Mrs White, 63, who chatted to the Queen as the monarch leant on her now familiar walking stick, described the encounter as “very emotional” and said: “This is a memory that I will treasure.” But, asked about her husband’s phone call, she laughed: “I could have killed him. People think the Queen is all stiff upper lip but she has a sense of humour.” Mrs White and her husband both served in the Army and he was a functions manager at the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst when Princes William and Harry were cadets there. She said of the hospice: “When you arrive and walk through the car park, you can feel the love. I come here for yoga, to do crafts. For me, everyone here is like an extended family.” The Queen, who opened the hospice’s first site in Windsor in 1987, was joined by Princess Anne at the opening of the new 28-bed state-of-the-art hospice in Maidenhead.  It was the fourth time the Queen had visited the charity and previous royal visitors have also included Princess Diana and the Countess of Wessex. Anne, there partly as a back-up in case the Queen was forced to pull out, stayed after her mother had left and visited the hospice’s in-patients. Palace officials only revealed the engagement yesterday after checking that the Queen, who has been beset by mobility problems, was feeling well enough to attend. Mr White was by no means the first person to be interrupted by an inopportune phone call while meeting the Queen. In 2000 the writer and gardener Rosie Atkins was talking to Her Majesty at the Chelsea Flower Show when a borrowed mobile rang in her pocket. “You had better answer that. It might be someone important,” the Queen said.