Married mum-of-two Michelle Clarke, 42, from Leeds, was named by the National Crime Agency as a person of interest in its ongoing probe into the network which saw couriers fly at least £104million cash into Dubai in suitcases. It is alleged she helped recruit the couriers. The flights were in exchange for cash and luxury short breaks in Dubai. Many of those recruited had lost jobs or were on furlough during the coronavirus pandemic. Former Sky TV digital co-ordinator Clarke was named in a press briefing ahead of the conviction at Isleworth Crown Court of the network’s ringleader, Abdullah Mohammed Ali Bin Beyat Alfalasi. Emirati national Alfalasi, 47, was jailed for nine years and seven months last week after admitting one count of money laundering concerning 83 flights between April 2019 and November 2020. He was responsible for masterminding the network that flew at least 36 couriers from British airports to Dubai, with multiple suitcases filled with cash which had originated from drug dealing and fraud gangs. Couriers were paid up to £8,000 per trip, flown business class to allow for extra baggage, and booked into luxury hotels for a few nights before returning. They had been told that the money – which was hidden as it left the UK but then officially declared in Dubai – was the profits from a “gold-trading company” called Omnivest Gold Trading, set up by Alfalasi. Julian Christopher, prosecuting, said Alfalasi had carried out the trips himself before recruiting others “directly and through Michelle Clarke”. He said: “A British national (Clarke) in Dubai became involved in recruiting couriers. She does not appear in the dock because she is outside the jurisdiction.” During the earlier prosecution of courier Tara Hanlon, 31, also from Leeds, the court was told she was brought into the group by Clarke. Hanlon was jailed for 34 months after she admitted money laundering offences in July 2021. The NCA produced evidence it said suggested Clarke was involved in recruiting couriers for Alfalasi. The Sunday Express has established that last year Clarke was living in a villa on the exclusive Dubai Hills residential estate. Police in Dubai interviewed her on behalf of the NCA after Hanlon’s conviction, but it is not clear if extradition proceedings have begun to bring her to the UK. One courier – a 30-year-old from Leeds, who is not being named at the request of his family – was found hanged at his home on August 30, 2020. He began the cash flights to Dubai after losing his job as an NHS worker. His last post on Instagram, in the week before his death, showed him in a swimming pool at the luxury five-star Five Palm Jumeirah hotel in Dubai after he flew out on August 23. At a press briefing ahead of Alfalasi’s sentence Ian Truby, NCA senior investigating officer, said: “This laundering network smuggled astronomical sums of money out of the UK, and is one of the largest we’ve ever investigated. “Mr Alfalasi formed a (non-romantic) relationship with Michelle Clarke in Dubai and she recruited some of the couriers. We are actively seeking Michelle Clarke and believe we know where she is.” About 30 other suspected couriers remain under investigation.