Joe Biden had previously warned the United States would not be open to negotiating a new deal with Brexit Britain until he had reassurances peace in Northern Ireland would be protected. But International Trade Secretary Anne-Marie Trevelyan appeared to suggest Washington is now waiting to see the outcome of the mid-term elections before entering talks with the UK. Speaking to LBC, she said: "At the moment, we're in discussion around a number of areas with the White House. "The White House doesn't want to formally restart the FTA negotiations at the moment so we wait for that to move. "We think the mid-term elections may well be the time when they choose to do that. In the meantime, there's been some fantastic state-by-state work looking at market-access barriers like mutual qualifications, some of the issues around agriculture, and procurement. "A lot of state-level...there are market access barriers that can be released that don't need federal oversight. "The full FTA has things like tariffs in it, and investment frameworks and looking at data, but at many other levels, these are other market access barriers you would want to unlock, if it is at the state level, we can do that." JUST IN: Brexit: BBC row as Huw Edwards wades in on Mordaunt over 'brilliant' Brexit lies clip She added: "So we're working on those while we wait for the White House to come back to the table." Ms Trevelyan said last week the UK can expect to sign a dozen bilateral deals with US states before the end of the year. Speaking to the House of Lords' International Agreements Committee, the International Trade Secretary insisted the deals were a "demonstration of what is already a strong and existing relationship." The UK first signed a memorandum of understanding with Indiana in May, further strengthening a $1.4 billion a year relationship. READ MORE: Truss and Sunak set to PULL OUT of Tory leaders TV debate as explosive new claims emerge Writing in Express.co.uk, Tory leadership candidate Penny Mordaunt said the steps forward made with states such as Indiana make a mockery of digs by leading Democrats threatening to scupper a UK-US trade deal." She wrote: "Our first state-level agreement of this kind is a major milestone for UK-US trade relations and I’m so excited for UK businesses, who can now start reaping the rewards of closer ties with Indiana. “Our state-level strategy is paying off and this is just the first of many agreements we’ll be signing in the future as we look to bolster our £200 billion trading relationship with the US.” DON'T MISS: Wuhan horror as wet market locked down over fatal disease fears [REVEAL]Putin now using same tactics as HITLER [INSIGHT]James Webb horror as £8.4bn NASA space telescope damaged by meteorite [REPORT]