Benji has been in a foster home for the past year, says Blind Dog Rescue UK but, now he is ready for a forever family, he has been struggling to find a new home due to his disability. The five-year-old has been described as a "relaxed" dog who loves spending time with humans and is "always asking for cuddles" from his caregivers. According to the Mirror, a charity spokesperson said: "Benji spent his life on a chain but for the last year has been with his rescuer. Since he has been with her, he has made huge progress. She has never seen a blind dog that is so fast and well adapted in new places. He has never bumped into anywhere in the garden, knows really well where everything is, knows his name and always comes when called." Although Benji gets on great with other dogs, he would not want to live with a dog bigger than him because he likes to be the dominant male. "Dogs love him a lot. He is without problem staying with the pack all the time. When new dogs arrive he accepts them without any trouble," the spokesperson adds. Speaking about his new skills, the spokesperson said: "The few times we went to the vet, he learned by himself to get in the car, and has so much trust and is so smart that he jumps out of the car himself.   "When she wants to show him something new, he just makes a sound with fingers, and he follows the sound. "Benji also learned to go upstairs, and can live in any kind of house. He is one of the cleanest dogs and has never done a pee or poo inside his room where he sleeps. "He is in love with toys, especially balls, and has learned to catch them when it is bounced and hear where it went." Blind Dog Rescue UK works to rehome blind and partially sighted dogs who have been subjected to the “worst of humanity yet still have an astonishing capacity to adapt, love and become perfect ambassadors for blind dogs everywhere”. Many of the dogs in their care have been victims of abuse, neglect, disease or trauma - and struggle to survive in shelters. A Blind Dog Rescue UK statement reads: “It is incredibly difficult for sighted dogs to survive any length of time in these shelters let alone blind or partially sighted dogs.  “We need to get to these dogs quickly and secure their immediate release and treatment. These dogs may have been deliberately blinded, involved in road traffic accidents or long term sufferers of painful conditions such as glaucoma. “They need veterinary care and to be given the safety and comfort of a foster home in which to start healing. Here they are given love and affection and a warm bed - possibly the first they will have experienced in their lifetimes. "At this point we are able to start assessing and promoting these wonderful dogs for forever homes." If you're interested in rehoming Benji, or any other dogs under Blind Dog Rescue UK's care, contact their team via their website www.bdruk.org. 