Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag has signed three players so far. Tyrell Malacia, Christian Eriksen and Lisandro Martinez have joined from Feyenoord, Brentford and Ajax respectively. However, the Red Devils would also like to land Denzel Dumfries, Frenkie de Jong and Antony by the time the transfer window slams shut on August 1. United have had a busy transfer window so far. In addition to signing Malacia, Eriksen and Martinez, the Red Devils have also seen the likes of Edinson Cavani, Paul Pogba, Jesse Lingard, Lee Grant, Juan Mata and Nemanja Matic depart. Ten Hag is delighted at landing Malacia, Eriksen and Martinez having insisted on all three players joining. But he still wants more reinforcements, with Dumfries, De Jong and Antony all on his radar. So Express Sport will now take a look at how United would line up if they’re able to bring the trio in within the next month. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative Plenty has changed at United in the years since Sir Alex Ferguson retired in 2013. But David De Gea has been a constant fixture in the team over the years and, at the age of 31, is still going strong. Many thought the Spain international would be dropped for Dean Henderson at the start of last season. But with De Gea managing to get back to his best, there’s no chance of the veteran being demoted any time soon. De Gea is poised to start next season as United’s No 1, with Henderson leaving temporarily to join Nottingham Forest on loan. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong United are ready to jettison Aaron Wan-Bissaka if a suitable offer arrives, with the right-back struggling for consistency since arriving from Crystal Palace back in 2019. And if that’s able to happen, Dumfries may arrive. Interest in the Netherlands international has apparently been reignited in recent days, with Italian media suggesting a deal could be struck. At left-back, Malacia may get in the team ahead of Luke Shaw having impressed throughout pre-season so far. And Harry Maguire and Martinez could partner up at the back, with Raphael Varane and Victor Lindelof then stuck on the bench. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. United would likely play an attacking 4-3-3 if they’re able to bring De Jong to the club. The Netherlands international may be deployed as a defensive midfielder, allowing the club’s attacking players to go forward while mopping up in the middle of the park. Playing further ahead of the 25-year-old would likely be Eriksen and Bruno Fernandes. Eriksen’s creativity can benefit this United side, with the former Tottenham and Brentford star one of the best in his position in the whole of world football. And United will be hopeful Fernandes gets back to his best after blowing hot and cold last term. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team Jadon Sancho has impressed on the right wing during pre-season so far. But he could be switched to the opposite flank of Antony arrives, with Ten Hag admiring his former Ajax winger. United have put interest in Antony on the back-burner for the time being but, late in the window, they may go all out for the Brazil international. Then, up top, there’s Cristiano Ronaldo. The United star wants to leave Old Trafford for a Champions League team but Ten Hag wants to keep him. With the Red Devils reluctant to grant Ronaldo his wish, it’s looking increasingly likely he’ll stay put. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here