Britney Spears, 40, was in her white Mercedes-Benz when she ran out of gas while driving and her car stalled out in the middle of the highway. Police had received a call around 10pm and found the singer in the backseat of a passerby's car when they arrived at the scene, according to TMZ. The publication reported the singer had told the officers she had run out of gas while driving her vehicle. After California Highway Patrol stopped traffic on the freeway, a law enforcement officer got into the driver's seat of Britney's Mercedes-Benz. Britney sat in the passenger seat as the vehicle proceeded to be pushed to safety. The Oops... I Did It Again hitmaker reportedly thanked the officers for their assistance and said she was doing fine. READ MORE: Emmerdale's Dominic Brunt talks being axed and famous wife unveiled The same publication stated the police officers stayed with the popstar until her new husband, Sam Asghari, arrived to pick her up. Express.co.uk has contacted Britney Spears' representatives for comment. The news comes after the megastar recently celebrated tying the knot with her third husband. Britney and her 28-year-old Iranian-American boyfriend arrived back in Los Angeles last week after their honeymoon.  The couple married in a lavish Los Angeles ceremony last month, with famous wedding guests that included Paris Hilton, Selena Gomez, Drew Barrymore, Donatella Versace and Madonna. Meanwhile, the Toxic hitmaker enjoyed a recent getaway with her other half as she took to Instagram and shared a series of photos displaying her curves. In one shot, the Grammy-winner was seen facing up a few feet from the surface of the water, while another image featured the musician with both arms up headed toward the surface, with an 'X' drawn over her rear end. The performer captioned the post: "Keep swimming, keep swimming," in view of her 41 million followers. DON'T MISS... Chris Stuart dead: BBC Radio 2 DJ dies aged 73[LATEST]Alex Scott admits she puts 'on an act' as she addresses her struggles[ADMISSION]Coleen Nolan performs 'last mum duty' before son's wedding[TV] Taking to the picture-sharing site on Tuesday, she shared an image of a handwritten quote that read, "I just want to go somewhere where everybody knows my name". In a caption on the post, the singer discussed the direction she's headed in, saying: "Why ask anyone for directions when only YOU know where you’re going … sometimes I’m an idiot and reach out when what I’m trying to find is right before my very eyes … honestly could it be that simple???" She praised the novelist Danielle Steel as "classic in every way," adding, "Her novels are the f***ing best and that’s all I like!!!" She continued: "Read them in the airport … waiting for the plane with a cigarette in my hand … in my car always saying damn each part is so good, but yet I still keep waiting for the next good part … it’s all good." The Baby One More Time star asked her followers, "What person ignites your soul and finds you anonymously 'out of sight'??? Your childish shadow that can disappear, but also appear whenever it pleases … what person doesn’t cast you apart or call you out???" She said that "there’s no greater substance in this world other than truth" and that "to call a book by the one and only the truth would be silly when it’s nothing more than an imaginative dream for one to depart". Britney added: "Look up your libraries if you like, but there is no gate … no lock … no bolt that you can set upon the freedom of the mind!!! "So maybe the dream is to lie??? I don’t have the answer … I don’t know!!!"