Ajax have told Manchester United they must raise their offer again in order to agree a deal for Lisandro Martinez, according to reports. The Dutch giants have been taking their time to ponder the Red Devils' latest offer after Old Trafford chiefs raised their bid to £43million for the Argentine. The proposal completely gazumped Arsenal's highest bid, estimated to be worth around £35m plus add-ons. Yet still, despite confidence United's offer would be enough to see a deal through, it appears Ajax are still holding out for a bigger sum. According to to 90min, Ajax are still unwilling to accept United's offer, although a deal is now understood to be close. Martinez himself is pushing for the move as he targets a reunion with Erik ten Hag following their success at Ajax. READ MORE: Erik ten Hag 'overruled Man Utd recruitment team' on separate signing to Lisandro Martinez The Eredivisie champions are said to be keen on United upping the add-ons and bonus payments included in the deal. Their tough negotiating stance is also being exercised as part of their attempts to keep winger Antony at the club. Antony is currently valued at upwards of £60m by Ajax, who could effectively prise him out of his dream move to the Premier League. There's an expectancy that Martinez will move on though after several weeks of talks with both United and Arsenal. DON'T MISS MORE UNITED GOSSIPErik ten Hag 'overruled Man Utd recruitment team' on separate signing to Lisandro MartinezMan Utd boss Erik ten Hag orders 'fast' third signing as board finalise two transfer dealsBarcelona 'want Man City signing' before selling Man Utd Frenkie de Jong as new price set The Gunners were in the driving seat for the 24-year-old before United decided they wanted in on the auction. Ten Hag is believed to be key to United's interest, having personally approved the deal over a swoop for Villarreal's Pau Torres. United's recruitment team were seemingly keen to sign the Spaniard before a change of heart in the boardroom. Now Martinez is United's top defensive target and he could now follow Tyrell Malacia and Christian Eriksen through the door. The versatile ball-playing defender can also play at left-back and in holding midfield. Those qualities make him the ideal signing for United's underwhelming squad as they look to fix their defensive woes from last season. Earlier in the transfer window, United held talks over a deal to sign Jurrien Timber from Ajax but he has now opted to stay in Holland. Now attentions have turned to his centre-back partner and there's optimism an agreement will finally be reached in due course...