The sunshine is a welcome addition to the Great British Summertime, but during the heatwave, keeping your gin and tonic chilled beneath the sweltering sun can be a challenge. Though ice cubes are the obvious solution, some Britons may worry this will water down their perfectly made beverage. However, one expert has said that less is not necessarily more when it comes to putting ice in your drink. Mixologist and founder of Jim and Tonic, James Mark, said: “It’s amazing how many times I see and hear ‘Don't put too much ice in my drink as I don't want a watery cocktail.’ “And believe me, I thought exactly the same before I learnt a thing or two about how to make some nifty G&T's and cocktails. "It’s so simple, but it honestly makes all the difference.” READ MORE: How to make 'creamy' Dalgona whipped iced coffee The expert explained that adding fewer cubes of ice to your drink can actually result in a warm and watery drink. He explained: "One ice cube cannot stay frozen for very long, meaning it will melt sharpish, making your cocktails or G&T’s watery and not very cold either, defeating the very purpose of using ice cubes in the first place. "You actually need to reverse this logic and use more ice, filling up your glass to the top to ensure the ice cubes and your drink stay chilled for longer. DON'T MISSPrince Harry pushes 'regal brand' and 'heritage' in new video - expert [COMMENT]'Top-secret' photos of original Mars bar released [PICTURES]Keep strawberries fresh for 10 days with simple food storage hack  [REVEALED] The expert explained that adding fewer cubes of ice to your drink can actually result in a warm and watery drink. He explained: "One ice cube cannot stay frozen for very long, meaning it will melt sharpish, making your cocktails or G&T’s watery and not very cold either, defeating the very purpose of using ice cubes in the first place. "You actually need to reverse this logic and use more ice, filling up your glass to the top to ensure the ice cubes and your drink stay chilled for longer. “Instead of scrimping on the ice, I recommend you pack your glass with ice all the way to the top, just like a mixologist would do in a bar. "This works as the ice cubes keep each other frozen for longer, meaning your drink will be less diluted as the drink stays cooler for longer, meaning no more watery G&T’s." If you really want to go above and beyond at your next garden party or barbecue, Mr Mark also recommends switching out your glasses for copa balloon glasses. Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea He said: "While the amount of ice you use is the most important aspect of keeping your drinks from becoming watery, the right glass can also help keep things chill. "We always recommend using something like a copa balloon glass as the large shape and volume is perfect for packing in the ice, plus it has the added bonus of extenuating all those lovely G&T flavours and aromas. "A glass with a stem is also ideal as this prevents your hand from warming up your drink and making those ice cubes melt quicker.”