Meghan, 40, and Prince Harry, 37, made the trip from their home in Montecito, California, to the popular resort of Jackson Hole for the American Independence Day holiday. They spent the July 4 celebrations watching a local parade in Wyoming, along with the couple’s eldest child. The photographs of the family, posted to social media by a bystander at the parade, showed three-year-old Archie decked out in a red, white, and blue hat, brandishing an American flag. The youngster sucked on a lollipop in the crowd next to Meghan, who opted for a white shirt, black trousers and a straw hat for the day. Prince Harry stands near his wife and son in a dark green sports cap. But the photos - not official releases on the part of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex - could give an indication of what could be in store for their Netflix content, Professor Cele Otnes told Express.co.uk. The Duke and Duchess signed a deal with the streaming giant thought to be worth around $100 million shortly after stepping back from royal duties. The production wing of their Archewell brand is involved in creating the “Heart of Invictus” documentary for the streaming platform, which the pair were seen filming earlier this year in the Hague. The Duchess was also listed as an executive producer on the animated series "Pearl", which was axed by Netflix in May. Reports then claimed Meghan and Harry were filming an "at-home" documentary series at their £11m California home. READ MORE: Prince Charles' 'unusual food habit' laid bare as busy royal An anonymous source told Page Six: “I think it’s fair to say that Netflix is getting its pound of flesh." Another unknown source claimed: “The timing is still being discussed, things are up in the air." Professor Otnes, Royal Family branding expert and co-author of "Royal Fever", said of the July 4 photos: "Detractors would likely say this is their attempt to create more footage for Netflix content, and many commenters on the stories noted we never saw Meghan's face. "Maybe she was saving those shots for Netflix." DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Prince Harry risks creating 'wild west' with claim [LIVE] Royal POLL: Should Prince Harry ‘spike’ his upcoming memoir? [VOTE]Meghan 'on path to unparalleled stardom' and 'new form of celebrity' [ANALYSIS] Professor Otnes has previously argued that, with the couple's Netflix deal, it's hard to visualise precisely what content can be new and original to the platform in today's digital environment. She said that the role of social media could hinder any "value add" in material produced by the Duke and Duchess. Professor Otnes put forward: "My concern with this whole deal they have with Netflix is that in this day and age we have seen all the stuff already. “With social media, you can see it ten different ways.” Professor Otnes then compared the photographs to how coverage is typically handled by the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge when out and about with Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis. Professor Otnes described a scepticism that Kate and William would be photographed in such a “casual” manner. She said: "I don't know if Kate and William would be photographed in this way. "I think it's more casual than we typically see with [Kate and William]. "When they "are" casual, they are casual at Royal events."