Carpets need to be cleaned regularly, especially after any spillage. Many suggested using baking soda to get rid of marks. The recommendations came in a Facebook group dedicated to social media cleaning guru Mrs Hinch. One Facebook user asked for advice after a spillage on her carpet. "My daughter (three) knocked a full cup of whole milk over this morning, on my brand new living room carpet," she explained. "I have used kitchen roll to soak it all up, what else should I do please? I’m worried it will start to smell." READ MORE: ‘Really important’ tip to ensure tomato plants survive hot weather Various carpet cleaning products can be picked up from the supermarket which are likely to help. However, many commenters suggested an option that is potentially more affordable. Baking soda, or bicarbonate of soda, is often hailed as a cheap way to clean lots of areas around a home. Facebook user Kat Rawlings recommended this for the milk stain.  She wrote: "Bicarbonate of soda and Zoflora." "Bicarbonate of soda for milk," Tracey Sisson agreed in a comment. One more said: "Sprinkle bicarbonate of soda all over and leave as long as possible then Hoover up. "It worked after a milk spill in my car." Social media user Michele Levy added: "Cover the area with a thick layer of bicarbonate of soda and leave all day/overnight if possible then Hoover. "You may need to blot with kitchen paper and repeat the process of more moisture comes through." Another also recommended leaving baking soda to dry before vacuuming up. They wrote: "Put bicarbonate soda on it to soak up anything that's left but leave it for a good few hours then Hoover and spray with anti bac." Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Homeowners should check the baking soda is dry and that their vacuum is compatible before using this method. Baking soda is available at most supermarkets and online. Shoppers can pick up bicarbonate of soda at Asda for just 65p. Sainsbury's sell the product for an affordable £1.25 and it's available at Tesco from £1.20.