The One Show airs at 7pm, Monday to Friday but left some viewers agitated on Tuesday evening after they tweeted out the show would be pushed back. After the announcement of Government ministers Rishi Sunak and Sajid Javid's resignation, the news was extended to explain in detail what had happened, which ultimately affected the BBC One schedule. Taking to the official The One Show Twitter account, they explained: "Tonight's One Show will be on slightly later than billed, stay tuned and we'll keep you updated." Annoyed by the announcement, Tim Darby simply commented: "B******s." Jase Genders added: "Why! Not good enough !" @Samtiley asked: "What do they know?" READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Robert Sugden's return sealed in Victoria twist @GillyTilly fumed: "Delayed because two ignorant ministers finally decided to take the advice of the public and resign? Absolute tosh." Paul Liners quipped: "No one cares about the news, we're off partying that Rishi and Sajid have resigned! BRING BACK THE ONE SHOW!" @Karen_Calms9 agreed: "Would rather watch the One Show than have extended news. Excited to see Russell T Davies on the show!" (sic) As the show kicked off at 7:30pm, neither presenters Alex Jones nor Jermaine Jenas addressed the delay, however, they did mention the latest government news. Alex commented: "Big news in politics tonight, but we are going to leave that to the news to discuss." The One Show has been one of many programmes in recent weeks to suffer multiple schedule shake-ups due to the Wimbledon 2022 Tournament. The sporting tournament has been aired across the BBC's main channels throughout the day, Monday to Friday. Whilst presenters Alex, Jermaine, Alex Scott, Ronan Keating and many others are normally broadcasting from BBC One, they have been bumped to BBC Two a few times. DON'T MISS...Alex Jones struggles as she pleads for health advice on The One Show [WATCH]Alex Scott shares fears of being axed from BBC 'Who wins?' [LATEST] Alex Jones takes aim at ‘tricky’ The One Show guest [INSIGHT] The delayed schedule came after Chancellor Rishi Sunak and Health Secretary Sajid Javid announced their resignation. Alongside his letter to the Prime Minister outlining his official resignation, Sunak wrote on Twitter: "The public rightly expect the government to be conducted properly, competently and seriously. "I recognise this may be my last ministerial job, but I believe these standards are worth fighting for, and that is why I am resigning." Whilst Javid wrote: "I have spoken to the Prime Minister to tender my resignation as Secretary of State for Health & Social Care. "It has been an enormous privilege to serve in this role, but I regret that I can no longer continue in good conscience," alongside an image of his resignation letter. Their resignations come after Prime Minister Boris Johnson was forced to apologise over his handling of the Chris Pincher row. It had recently emerged that Pincher was let go after claims he allegedly sexually assaulted two men at a private members’ club, but Johnson was told about allegations against him as far back as 2019. Asked if that was an error, Johnson expressed: “I think it was a mistake, and I apologise for it. In hindsight, it was the wrong thing to do. “I apologise to everybody who has been badly affected by it. I want to make absolutely clear that there’s no place in this Government for anybody who is predatory or who abuses their position of power.” The One Show airs weekdays from 8pm on BBC One.