Well, whoever it was is clearly in the wrong job because after this week’s performance in New York not only has Harry become an even bigger laughing stock in Britain than he already was, he’s now managed to turn great swathes of Americans against him by trashing their constitution – something that he knows sod all about (it’s not me saying that – it’s Americans). Harry is what the people I grew up with in the North East would call “thick as two short planks”. As for his personality there was a time BM (Before Megan) when he  had a sense of humour. He laughed a lot and Brits adored him because he was  fun, he helped war veterans and he cuddled old ladies. These days it’s like someone has sucked the personality out of him and he’s morphed into the human equivalent of watching paint dry – a fact borne out by the pitiful number of people who turned up to listen to his deathly dull speech at the UN – a speech I’m fairly sure wasn’t written by him Because let’s not forget that despite a fortune being  spent on his Eton education  Haz left school with a measly two A levels – a D in  Geography and a Grade B in Art. In the real world,  a student with  Harry’s  intellectual capabilities  would be  called  a dunce  yet there he was this  week giving a speech about weighty world matters that, frankly, he just isn’t qualified to talk about. And how dare he lecture us on climate change when in the past two years he’s taken at least two dozen private jets. The  jet he and Meghan took from LA to New York this week is ten times the yearly British person’s complete carbon footprint. But, hey it’s one law for him and another for the “plebs”. This pair remain blind and deaf to their own towering hypocrisy. In their heads they’re allowed to take private jets because it lets them to deliver their message to the ignorant and the uniformed (that’s all of us by the way). It’ll be interesting to see how much longer Americans will tolerate his nonsense. Judging by the response to his speech this week from both the print and broadcast media  people are furious that Harry, a guest in their  country, had the brass neck to trash their sacred US Constitution. (He’d criticised the Supreme Court’s  decision to overturn Roe v Wade  which meant that the constitutional right to an abortion which had existed for 50 years – exists no longer.) And while  America is split over this  - it’s THEIR constitution and they have a right to criticise or support it. But they don’t want a pampered English prince weighing in and giving his uninformed fourpenneth. What possessed Harry to imagine he was qualified or worthy to stand on the podium where Nelson Mandela had stood? Where Presidents Obama and Biden have stood? Where Luxembourg’s President, Xavier Bettel, stood and  delivered a stunning speech on  how “homosexuality is not a choice”. Why would  someone  with such a  meagre intellect imagine he could even lick the boots of the UN’s  past  “greats”? Why can’t he see that he’s fast becoming an embarrassing joke on both sides of the pond? And is he so blinded by his own self-importance, his vision of himself as a  moral crusader that he can’t see how others now  see him? Does he not understand that having   exasperated, alienated  and generated hostility among the British people he’s now doing the same in America? Two and a half years ago  Harry wasn’t shy in telling us he was fleeing  Britain because he  wanted to be safe. He told any news outlet that would listen that he wanted to escape the racist cesspit he believed this country to be - the country which hurt and hounded his mother. Now he’s having a pop at Americans and involving himself in their politics. I fear for Harry. That makes it sound like I care about him. I don’t any more. But still, it’s upsetting to see someone change so much (for the worse) in such a short time. He looked utterly lost and miserable in New York this week – like a man who’s only just beginning to understand what he’s done in abandoning everything that was familiar to him, everything that made him who he is – or should that be “was”. The  country he ran  away to because he believed he’d find  peace and happiness there seems to have made him even more miserable. Worse – the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee and the very small part he and Meghan played in it – have  made him understand that the family he trashed and  turned his back on here in Britain and which tried so hard to maintain ties with him, now seem to have said – “Enough! Go live the life you want. We’re done with you.” I watched him on that podium wailing about the hellish state the world and my mind turned to Mandela. I kept thinking had it been him up there making that speech he’d have addressed all the bad stuff but he would also have talked about all the good in the world. He’d have  talked about hope and love and optimism unlike Harry who could only spew out   relentless misery. And he’s going to be even more miserable this week when renowned author Tom Bower publishes his explosive new book Revenge: Meghan and Harry and the War between the Windsors. Bower, who has a reputation for painstaking investigation, never pulls his punches and is set to launch a series of bombshells that Harry and Meghan have been dreading. Well good. This pair need to be able to take what they dish out. And whatever harsh, horrible truths come out – it’s no less than they deserve!