If all goes to plan, Manchester United will have signed six players by the time they face Brighton in their opening match of the new Premier League season on August 7. The Red Devils have already snapped up Tyrell Malacia and Christian Eriksen, while Lisandro Martinez is on his way. And three more players may follow the trio to Old Trafford by the time they face off against Graham Potter’s side. Malacia was the first player to join United. The Netherlands international had been expected to move to Lyon from Feyenoord but, in the end, moved to the Premier League instead. United believe Malacia can, in the coming years, provide intense competition for Luke Shaw at left-back. And the arrival of the 22-year-old means the Red Devils are open to offloading Alex Telles and Brandon Williams providing suitable offers arrive. Then, on Friday, United confirmed the arrival of Eriksen on a free transfer. They did this via a statement that read: “Manchester United is pleased to confirm that Christian Eriksen has joined the club, signing a contract until June 2025. Man Utd transfers: The mouthwatering XI to tackle Brighton with 5 new signings “The midfielder has been capped 115 times for Denmark, scoring 38 goals for his country. “Eriksen has played 237 games in the Premier League, registering 52 goals and 71 assists.” And Eriksen himself said: “Manchester United is a special club, and I cannot wait to get started. “I have had the privilege of playing at Old Trafford many times but to do it in the red shirt of United will be an amazing feeling. “I have seen Erik’s work at Ajax and know the level of detail and preparation that he and his staff put into every day. “It is clear that he is a fantastic coach. Having spoken with him and learned more about his vision and the way he wants the team to play, I am even more excited for the future. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong “I still have major ambitions in the game, there is a huge amount that I know I can achieve, and this is the perfect place to continue my journey.” Martinez is set to join United, too, with the Argentina international jetting in to Manchester after a fee was agreed with Ajax. And, now, the Red Devils have three other priorities. It’s an open secret that United covet the signature of Frenkie de Jong, who has been their top target throughout the whole of the summer so far. Though he’s reluctant to leave Barcelona, he is believed to be open to moving to England despite reports to the country. And while De Jong has jetted out to America for Barca’s tour of the United States, the Red Devils are still cautiously optimistic they’ll land their man. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team United would also like to bring in a back-up goalkeeper, too. Dean Henderson has been allowed to join Nottingham Forest on loan, while Tom Heaton isn’t considered a viable option to keep David De Gea on his toes. Keep an eye on Sergio Romero, with the Argentina international willing to return to United for a second stint after previously leaving last year. United’s last two signings they’d love to make are at right-back and up top. Denzel Dumfries was linked earlier in the summer but, since then, speculation involving the Dutchman has gone cold. Still, United want to bolster at right-back with Aaron Wan-Bissaka not deemed good enough behind the scenes. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. And, up top, Antony is Ten Hag’s top target. The Brazil international sparkled under the 52-year-old in the Eredivisie last term, scoring eight goals and clocking up four assists from 23 appearances in the competition. But we have to stress the word ‘dream’ here because, right now, a deal for the Samba star looks unlikely. Ajax are determined to avoid losing another prized asset after the departures of the likes of Martinez, Ryan Gravenberch and Noussair Mazraoui. And they’ve slapped a huge £70million price tag on Antony, which is more than United are currently willing to pay. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here