As the Queen's eldest child, Prince Charles is currently next in line to the throne. Due to the Queen's ongoing mobility struggles, the 73-year-old has been increasingly taking on a more prominent role within The Firm, often representing the monarch. Speaking on LBC, royal author Phil Dampier discussed the Queen's decision to scale back and now taking on more royal responsibility, how Charles is "regent in all but name". Speaking on the Palace confirming the Queen's lighter duties, Mr Dampier told LBC'S Camilla Tominey: "I think it's just confirming what we've known for some time. "Slowly but surely, Prince Charles is having to step up and take on quite a few of the Queen's duties that she can't do, simply because of her age and because of her medical condition." He added: "Obviously you mentioned, the physical difficulties [for the Queen] and going to things like the State Opening of Parliament, and certainly travelling abroad for things like the Commonwealth heads of government meeting, they are just a non-starter. "So we are really at the stage where we are in a, sort of, regency in all but name", adding that we are "in, sort of, uncharted territory". READ MORE: Harry and Meghan 'missed' lunch with royal cousins after 'swift exit' from Jubilee event The royal author continued: "I am convinced that the Queen will never abdicate, she regards the vows that she took at the Coronation in 1953 as sacred before God. "She won't ever quit, in that sense, so I think she's going to remain Queen right up until the end, but clearly that's what's happening." He added: "Charles and in deed, William, supported by Kate and Charles supported by Camilla are taking on more and more duties and that's the pact that's going to happen." Mr Dampier stated that the Queen's reign is going to be an "impossible act to follow" for Charles "when the day finally comes". READ NEXT: 'Clown Prince more than Crown Prince' Charles savaged by GB News host in brutal rant Speaking of the Queen, he said: "I think she's still bright as a button, knows exactly what's going on. "Her mind is absolutely pin-sharp." Charles was just four-years-old when his mother became Queen and is currently the longest-serving Prince of Wales. When Charles steps into his role as king, his eldest son William will take over the role of Prince of Wales. DON'T MISS Queen's 'wonderful sense of humour' shows she's as 'sharp as a tack' [ANALYSIS]Poor Camilla opening fetes at 75 when she needs to relax JUDY FINNIGAN [REPORT]Princess Diana had key word removed from wedding vows - unlike Fergie [INSIGHT] Although not yet in the role of king, Charles has represented his mother at various royal engagements, as of late. In May, he attended the State Opening of Parliament on behalf of the 96-year-old monarch. Prince William was also in attendance. At the State Opening of Parliament, Charles read out the Queen's Speech, which sets out the government's agenda for the coming session. READ NEXT: