Stranger Things’ David Harbour opened up about his initial doubts over the success of the sci-fi drama. He revealed he thought season one would be all fans would see of Hawkins and the gang, while filming the first instalment. Following the raging success of Netflix’s Stranger Things saga, it would be a challenge to find someone unfamiliar with Hawkins and the Upside Down. However, Jim Hopper actor David Harbour admitted the cast and crew didn’t expect it to be such a hit. While filming the first episodes on a tight budget, he shared the mood was less than hopeful and was doubtful the sci-fi drama would live to see a season two. Now about to start filming its fifth and final run, the show has become a household name, much-loved by fans across the globe. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan 'not showing love' claims royal author Levin Set in small-town America, Hawkins residents are shaken by the disappearance of a local boy and brace themselves as unexplained events begin to unfold. On their search for the missing resident, government labs are discovered and the presence of something supernatural is made known to the gang of children the show centres around. The 1980s drama is a Famous Five meets Scooby Doo take on the supernatural genre and has seen the rise of many young actors including Millie Bobby Brown. Written by the Duffer Brothers, the show has kept audiences guessing and the two part finale of season four had the world talking. Chatting on BBC’s The One Show, the actor playing Hawkins’ resident cop, Jim Hopper, shared how the cast felt ahead of the show’s premier. David Harbour told hosts he was extremely surprised at how well the drama did when asked if he anticipated its success. He said: “I remember when we were shooting the first season Netflix had given us a budget of about 20 dollars and half way through I remember my hair person coming up to me. “We were shooting episode four and she was like ‘I don’t think this is going to work’ and I was like ‘what really?’ DON'T MISS...David Harbour opens up on Stranger Things season 5 struggle [INSIGHT]Stranger Things' Eddie star opens up on struggles of Netflix role [INSIGHT]Stranger Things season 5 theory: Eddie's fate sealed as fans spot clue [THEORY] “So by the time we finished and wrapped I thought we wouldn't get a second season. “We'd be the first ever Netflix show to never get a second season, we thought no one would watch it and it would be a big disaster.” David’s character appeared in the very first episode as the small town cop enlisted to find the missing child. Chief of the Indiana police, it falls on him to keep Hawkins safe from the supernatural mysteries that start to unfold. During the epic finale of the last season, David underwent extreme weight loss to authentically portray his character’s state. Finding himself working as slave labour in a Russian gulag, the actor shed pounds to appear tortured and as prisoner-like as possible. The hotly anticipated final season is set to see the gang destroy the series villain Vecna for good and fans are already speculating plot lines, deaths, resurrections and more. Catch up on Stranger Things seasons 1-4 on Netflix now.