Fancy free broadband for the next six months? That's exactly what one BT rival is offering right now. YouFibre is one of a growing number of smaller Internet Service Providers (ISPs) that are popping up all over the UK. Many of these firms offer incentives in a bid to entice customers away from the big telecom giants - such as Sky and Virgin Media - and YouFibre is certainly trying to shake things up with a deal that means some customers won't pay a penny for their internet connection until 2023! Even when the free deal ends, prices are still hugely competitive with blisteringly quick 500Mbps downloads costing just £35 per month and 1Gbps speeds starting from £45 - that's around £10 cheaper than BT's pricing and £15 less than Virgin Media. This deal runs from today right through until September 30 so there's plenty of time to make up your mind about joining this ISP which was first founded back in 2019. Although the thought of six months of free broadband is clearly enticing, it's worth noting that YouFibre only provides internet access to a limited number of homes and only in 22 towns across the UK including Bridgend, Hamilton, Lancaster, Cheltenham, Wakefield and Barry The company is, however, growing pretty rapidly with the ISP confirming that 10,000 customers are now signed up. YOU CAN CHECK YOUR POSTCODE HERE HERE ARE ALL THE YOUFIBRE DEALS YouFibre 50 - £22 per monthFREE BROADBAND FOR 3 MONTHSINCLUDES: 50Mbps speeds - free set-up - 18-month contractSEE THE DEAL HERE YouFibre 150 - £30 per monthFREE BROADBAND FOR 3 MONTHSINCLUDES: 150Mbps speeds - free set-up - 18-month contractSEE THE DEAL HERE YouFibre 500 - £35 per monthFREE BROADBAND FOR 6 MONTHSINCLUDES: 500Mbps speeds - free set-up - 18-month contractSEE THE DEAL HERE YouFibre 1000 - £45 per monthFREE BROADBAND FOR 6 MONTHSINCLUDES: 1Gbps speeds - free set-up - 18-month contractSEE THE DEAL HERE Speaking about the new deal Ryan Battle, YouFibre Managing Director, said: “Whilst the cost of living rises, we are committed to helping our customers manage their broadband costs, which includes offering no fixed-term contracts and with no in-contract price rises guaranteed. We are confident you’ll love us, which is why we have launched our best offer yet of six months free broadband for new customers across all towns where we are either live or coming very soon.” Even if YouFibre isn't available in your street it's worth checking to see if any other smaller ISPs provider Fibre connections. Firms such as Hyperoptic and Community Fibre are all offering deals that beat their bigger rivals on both speed and price so you could be missing out on better downloads that don't break the bank.