The First Minister’s second paper on a Scottish independence referendum, titled "Renewing Democracy Through Independence", was launched at a media event at Bute House in Edinburgh on Thursday. Ms Sturgeon has called for a referendum on Scottish Independence on October 19, 2023. Launching the paper, Ms Sturgeon said Scotland faces a "starker than ever" democratic deficit, and said whoever replaces Boris Johnson will have no democratic endorsement from Scotland. She then argued independence is the only way to "strengthen and embed" democracy in Scotland. The First Minister added: "This discussion could not be more timely or urgent - the democratic deficit Scotland faces is not a recent phenomenon, but the evidence of it now is starker than ever. "A Prime Minister with no democratic endorsement from Scotland is about to be replaced by yet another prime minister that Scotland hasn't voted for - and wouldn't vote for even if we were given the chance. "All Scotland ever hears from UK politicians these days is democracy denial. They trade opinions on how many years it should be before Westminster might 'allow' us to make a democratic choice about our own future." On the Scottish Government’s website, they describe the paper as setting out “the Scottish Government’s view that people who live in Scotland have the right to choose how they should be governed and to decide if Scotland should become an independent country”. Ms Sturgeon said in the foreword of the paper: “Westminster retains ultimate power – even on devolved matters – and over recent years, as this paper shows, the UK Government has acted to override decisions of the Scottish Parliament and claw back powers in devolved areas. “This 'democratic deficit' has real-life consequences. In this paper we set out the impact of the damaging decisions taken by the UK Government and Westminster Parliament against the wishes and interests of the people of Scotland. “The most obvious example in recent times – and with far reaching consequences – is Brexit, which removed Scotland from the EU despite the people who live here voting to remain.” The paper presents “evidence to show how significant decisions made at Westminster recently are having detrimental effects on Scotland”, such as Brexit, energy, social security and immigration. It adds: “There are no constitutional safeguards for the Scottish Parliament or democratic mechanisms that can be exercised by the people of Scotland to prevent these or further damaging decisions. “Indeed, the intention of the current UK Government to pass legislation in breach of international law even calls into question its willingness to respect the democratic, rules-based, international order.” READ MORE Twitter down: Over capacity and something went wrong error hits today London fire: Thick smoke billows above Eaton Place Urgent Cobra meeting launched as 35C heatwave ravages Britain Scottish Conservative constitution spokesman Donald Cameron accused the First Minister of being "once again focused on the wrong priority at the worst possible time". He added: "In the week that Scotland's NHS recorded the worst A&E waiting times on record, people will be outraged to see Nicola Sturgeon continuing to campaign for an independence referendum next year. "The vast majority of Scots don't want a divisive second referendum next year, yet it seems that the SNP are only too happy to ignore democracy when it doesn't go their way." Ms Sturgeon has asked the Supreme Court to rule on whether Holyrood has the powers to hold a referendum if Downing Street continues to refuse to give the formal consent that was put in place ahead of the last referendum in 2014. The Scottish government's top law officer, Lord Advocate Dorothy Bain, has already said she "does not have the necessary degree of confidence" that it does. Downing Street has urged judges to throw out the case, arguing there is not yet any legislation for them to rule on and that it is clear that issues relating to the constitution are reserved to Westminster.