The Amazon Prime Day 2022 sales have kicked off, and if you're an Android fan there's a Google Pixel 6 deal that will catch your eye. The Pixel 6 was recently reduced to its best price ever, with the flagship handset - which usually costs £599 being slashed to just £449. And now for Prime Day 2022 an additional freebie is being thrown in, with the Pixel Buds also included in this Pixel 6 deal which offers a total saving of £250. The Pixel 6 Pro is also available at a big discount and with a free pair of Pixel Buds. The handset usually costs £849 on its own, but right now you can get it with those mini music makers for £649 - which offers a hefty saving of almost £300. These brilliant Pixel 6 offers are only available to Amazon Prime subscribers. The Prime Day 2022 sale is running on Tuesday July 12 and Wednesday July 13, with the offer not available after tomorrow. However, if you want to grab this big discount you can simply sign up for an Amazon Prime free trial. Not only will this let you take advantage of the Pixel 6 deals running right now but you'll also get access to the millions of discounts available during the Prime Day 2022 sales. What makes the £449 Pixel 6 deal even better is it's not far off the price of the upcoming Pixel 6a handset. This budget Android phone, which is launching later this month, has a price tag of £399. And if you're willing to spend the extra £50 to get the Pixel 6 deal available at Amazon you'll get plenty more for your money's worth. Of course, the obvious difference is the free Pixel Buds which are included - which is worth £99.99. Depending on which handset you get from Amazon you'll also get the Pixel Buds in a matching colour to your Pixel 6 which is a nice touch. But there are also plenty of differences between both the Pixel 6 and Pixel 6a. Seeing as the Pixel 6 is a flagship device the spec sheet is more impressive than the Pixel 6a. The Pixel 6 has a larger screen (6.4inch) compared to the 6a (6inch) as well as a display with a better refresh rate (90Hz instead of 60Hz0. The Pixel 6 also has more RAM (8GB instead of 6GB) as well as a larger battery and a better rear camera set-up. The Pixel 6 also supports fast charging - which is handy if you're in a rush and need to top up your battery - while the Pixel 6a doesn't. Both the Pixel 6 and Pixel 6a are both powered by the same chip, with Google's first ever custom-made silicon, the Tensor chip, powering these handsets. This chip brings with it big AI improvements to the Pixel range, so you'll get good performance whichever handset you choose. While the Pixel 6a has one major difference between the Pixel 6, which could play a factor in which handset you choose. The Pixel 6 is a smaller and lighter handset, so if that is something important to you you may want to wait for the Pixel 6a release date which is pencilled in for July 28. MORE LIKE THIS