Louisa Glasson (played by Caroline Catz) and Martin Ellingham (Martin Clunes) have had a rocky romance through the years on Doc Martin. Their relationship has experienced some highs but also some lows, no thanks to the doctor’s poor way with words. Some viewers are curious to know if the couple are expecting another child and if Louisa is pregnant in the ITV series. Louisa revealed in season nine she was expecting another child, much to Martin’s surprise. The couple already has one child James Henry Ellingham (Ashton Hinchliff), who was born in season five. Martin and Louisa decided to start trying for another child but the doctor proved to be a buzzkill after he suggested declining fertility would hamper their chances of conception. Although Louisa was less than impressed Martin was treating her like one of his patients, she agreed to go and see a fertility specialist to help them. READ MORE: Doc Martin original cast: Where are the cast now? By the end of the series, they were again pregnant with high hopes for growing their family. Martin seemed to have mixed feelings as he’d just quit his job and said it was an inconvenient time. Nonetheless, he seemed happy with his lot with the couple likely to be focusing on their child in the 10th and final season of Doc Martin. Speaking about Doc Martin coming to a close, actress Catz said in an interview in 2021: “Well, we’ve been saying goodbye to it for the past six years. “So, it brilliant and joyful they want to do another one. Amazing, another one.” She continued: “I’ve no idea what’s in store. I can’t tell you, I don’t write it. I’m looking forward to reading the scripts and it’s just great that we get to go back there.” Catz reflected on the show’s legacy, saying: “I think it’s a really great series. On the surface, it looks like it’s going to be some chocolate box thing about Cornwall and it isn’t. “It’s darker than that. It’s more interesting. The people that do actually give it the time see the nuances of it and I think there are some great characters and some really great writing.” The star added to Red Carpet News TV: “It’s brilliant to be in and I love it.” Along with starring in Doc Martin, Catz has also appeared in DCI Banks, The Canterville Ghost, and I Want My Wife Back. Lead star Clunes and producer Philippa Braithwaite jointly made the decision to bring Doc Martin to a close with the 10th season. The duo felt carrying on the show would comprise the quality of the episodes. DON'T MISS...Why did Mark leave Doc Martin? [EXPLAINER]Why did Aunt Joan leave Doc Martin? [INSIGHT]Is Martin Clunes leaving Doc Martin? [ANALYSIS] In a statement, they said: “When we launched the series in 2004, we could never have imagined how much our loyal viewers would take to the grumpy Doc like they have. “The series has avid fans both in the UK and throughout the world and we are thrilled that Doc Martin has topped the ratings every time. “However, after 16 years we now feel that the time has come to say goodbye to Portwenn.” “We will be making the 10th and final series in 2021 and we are very much looking forward to returning to Cornwall to film it.” Doc Martin airs on ITV tonight at 9pm