Following their departure from the Royal Family in 2020, Meghan and Prince Harry set up home in the US, along with their two children. Speaking on Australia's Sunrise, royal expert Angela Mollard discussed how, since their departure, the couple "only have each other" following Harry's ongoing fued with the Royal Family and Meghan's estranged relationship with her family, in particular her father. Ms Mollard suggested that having a lack of "support" around them and their children can put "a lot of pressure" on their marriage. Speaking on Sunrise, the royal expert said: "What worries me about Harry and Meghan as a couple, is that they're not supported by family. "They don't have the bedrock of people around them, really strong relationships for themselves, for their children to just act sometimes maybe as a sounding board. "[or] just as a trusted place to just be". She added: "They really [only] have each other and that's a lot of pressure on a marriage." READ MORE: Kate and William send royal fan sweet thank you card for Charlotte birthday wishes Ms Mollard also described both the Duke and Duchess of Sussex as "combustible characters". She added: "I mean, we see with Meghan's relationship with her father, you know, that horrible tension that has taken place there. "I'm not saying anyone is right or wrong in that relationship. "[and] of course, we know that William and Harry that, you know, they've fallen out, so they [Meghan and Harry] are very combustible characters". Last month, the couple arrived in the UK for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations. READ MORE: Kate and Prince William take summer break with children ahead of 'significant changes' Body language expert Judi James analysed the couple as they made their way into St Paul's Cathedral for the Service of Thanksgiving. She said the couple were “constantly tactile” and always seen touching one another by holding hands. “They want to be showing the world they’re a bonded couple and that they love one another, that they adore one another, that they’re supportive. She also noted how Meghan shows "quite maternal gestures". DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry's relationship quickly developed after meeting through mutual friends in 2016. In November 2017, the couple announce their engagement. They got married on May 19, 2018 in Windsor. Their wedding was televised and was watched by millions worldwide. READ NEXT: