The Duke and Duchess of Gloucester are celebrating their golden wedding anniversary today. To celebrate, the couple has released special pictures to mark their big day. Birgitte, 76, looks incredible in an ‘amber’ coloured cotton dress from Max Mara.  This is a brand that is also favoured by Kate Middleton. The £376 dress is currently on sale from £460. The description on the website says: “Cotton poplin shirt dress. “The model boasts a small-lapel collar, flap-adorned Saharan jacket-style patch breast pockets, short kimono sleeves, in-seam dart side pockets and pleated effect-creating stitched pleating on the skirt.  READ MORE: Prince Harry pushes 'regal brand' and 'heritage' in new video - expert “Button fastening and a bead-embroidered leather belt.” The amber dress reached the Duchess’ ankles, was short sleeves and featured a collar and breast pockets. The embroidered belt was a lovely touch to the dress. Birgitte’s choice of a shade of yellow/orange for her dress was very apt, considering today is her golden wedding anniversary.  The royal accessorised with a very poignant brooch. Birgitte chose a brooch designed by her husband with the initials R and B entwined. These are the initials of the couple, Richard and Birgitte. The Duchess accessorised with a black watch strap and several gold necklaces. The golden jewellery was most likely a nod to this anniversary being their golden celebrations.  READ MORE: 'Bizarre': Prince Andrew still lives with Sarah in £30m home Birgitte wore interesting earrings with a navy and silver jewel on the earlobe, with gold balls dropping below them. The Duchess’ makeup consisted of pink lipstick, and she wore her usual short hairstyle. Her footwear is hard to distinguish in the picture, but she appears to be wearing plain beige pumps. Prince Richard wore a light blue shirt, paired with navy trousers and smart black shoes. This photograph was taken earlier this week, in the garden of the Duke and Duchess's home at Kensington Palace, London.  The couple shares Kensington Palace with other well-known royals such as Kate Middleton and Prince William. Birgitte is a Danish member of the British Royal Family. She is married to Prince Richard, Duke of Gloucester, a first cousin of Queen Elizabeth. They have three children, Alexander Windsor, Earl of Ulster, Lady Davina Windsor and Lady Rose Gilman. 