A motorist was fined by police after they were spotted driving at 100mph on the A11 near Elvedon. After making the stop, police officers realised that the driver was not British and their car speedometer did display mph. Norfolk & Suffolk Roads and Armed Policing Team took to social media to share their surprise. Underneath a picture of a dark grey Volkswagen Passat Estate, they wrote: “#CVU carrying out checks on commercial vehicles #A11 #Elvedon when this car passes at 100mph. "Driver was not a UK resident so a roadside deposit of £500 was taken from him. "His speedo was in kph & he said he didn’t know what 70mph was in kph." READ MORE: Electric car owners missing out on money-saving benefits with tyre tip British speedometers are required to display the speed in both mph and kph. When it comes to analogue dials, this is usually written on. Digital dials, on the other hand, can switch between the two settings. The driver of the Passat would have benefitted from having mph on his dial. DON'T MISS Dad fined £100 for visiting McDonald’s twice in a day [INSIGHT] Drivers told to follow simple steps to save money on car running costs [ADVICE] Drivers warned of common heatwave driving mistakes [WARNING] They were travelling at 100mph which is roughly 160kph. The speed limit on the British motorways is 70 mph which is roughly 112kph. The news comes after police issued an urgent warning to drivers after a super-rare £1million Ferrari was caught speeding at 124mph in Wales. The driver was spotted in a rare Ferrari F40. READ MORE: ‘Confused’ cyclist enters motorway and rides against oncoming traffic The incident took place on a coastal road in north Wales. The driver of the vehicle will now face losing his licence. On top of the neck-breaking speeds, officers from North Wales Police's Roads Policing Unit were also shocked to discover that the car had a brake light out and a missing number plate. A spokesperson for the Roads Policing Unit said: "We know it was the F1 British Grand Prix last weekend but the A55 isn't a racetrack. "This beautiful Ferrari F40 was stopped near Bangor earlier after clocking up speeds of up to 124mph. “Yes, you read that right, 124mph. "Car stopped. Ticket issued, and likelihood is the driver will go to court and get disqualified from driving. "Car also had no front number plate and had a defective brake light.”