Actor Lenny Von Dohlen has died at the age of 63, following a long period of illness. He was best known for starring in Twin Peaks and Electric Dreams. A Facebook post from his sister, Catherine, confirmed the sad news. “The world lost a magnificent man on July 5,” she wrote. “Brother Len was passionate about everything and everyone. “He was always leading; whether it be riveting conversation, an artistic creation or a trip to new places. “He loved a good laugh. He continues on his spiritual journey. Living life full in his memory.” His agent later confirmed to Variety that the actor had died. The US star’s biggest film role was as architect Miles Harding in the 1984 film Electric Dreams. He also played orchid-loving agoraphobe Harold Smith in the television series Twin Peaks and the spin-off film Twin Peaks: Fire Walk With Me. Lenny’s film debut was in Academy Award-winning Tender Mercies, starring Robert Duvall in 1983. He appeared in independent films such as Tollbooth (1994), Bird of Prey (1996), One Good Turn (1996), Entertaining Angels (1996), Cadillac (1997) and Frontline (1997), and played one of the villains in Home Alone 3 (1997). In 2015, he played the title role of legendary film director Oskar Knight in Near Myth: The Oskar Knight Story. Lenny leaves behind his mother, Gay Von Dohlen; and siblings Mary Gay, Catherine and John David. DONT MISS...Arlene Phillips, 79, looks decades younger as she stuns at TRIC Awards [PHOTOS]David Beckham debuts unusual new tattoo on his hand at Wimbledon [NEWS]Strictly's Shirley Ballas, 61, in very busty display at TRIC Awards [LATEST] He had a daughter called Hazel and a partner, playwright James Still, and his father, Leonard, died in 2009. No cause of death has yet been publicly disclosed. Tributes have begun to flood in on social media. Black Lodge Cult tweeted: “Lenny Von Dohlen has passed away. We lose a wonderful artist. Forever in our memory. Forever in our hearts. Rest in peace.” Twin Peaks Night added: “Lenny Von Dohlen. May his memory be a blessing. “If you’ve never seen it, watch his beautiful movie “Electric Dreams”.” Red Dwarf penned: “We’re so very sorry to learn of the passing of Lenny von Dohlen, a gifted actor who many will remember as Twin Peaks’ reclusive Harold Smith, who also made an iconic appearance in #RedDwarf V’s Back to Reality. “Our thoughts are with his family and friends. RIP.”