Caller Jeanette told journalist Jeremy Vine why she believed he was hostile toward the ongoing Prime Minister Boris Johnson. The Kent caller slammed Mr Vine on his own show and claimed his panel possessed a vitriolic nature towards Mr Johnson. Jeanette went on to say Mr Vine's opinions on Boris Johnson could be applied to Deputy Leader of the Labour Party Angela Rayner.  Mr Vine pushed back on Jeanette's statements and explained that Ms Rayner was not running the country as Johnson had been. This week the resignation of 59 Conservative MPs and the ousting of Prime Minister Boris Johnson from power has caused divided opinions across the political spectrum in the UK. Jeanette from Kent told Jeremy Vine on 5: "I don't think you're very friendly towards Boris! "I think you can tell from your show..." Mr Vine said: "Me Personally?" Jeanette said: "Yes I think your inclinations are..." Mr Vine said: "Interesting... Go on I'm always interested to hear." The caller added: "Fairly hostile towards him and I understand that's fine..." JUST IN: Brexit now ‘in serious danger’: Widdecombe warns Rejoiners ‘licking lips’ over new EU plot     Mr Vine said: "Hostile... I disagree but whatever." She hit back: "I just think the vitriolic nature of someone on your panel is individually scorning various MPs we could all say the same about, for example, Angela Rayner." The broadcaster said: "She's not in power though, she not and Jeanette you know just to..." Jeanette added: "I'm not going into that side of things but I do..." Mr Vine retorted: "But listen, Jeanette, in... I just want to say to you Jeanette it's really, hang on stop for a second Jeanette Jeanette Jeanette! "There were parties in Downing Street and Boris Johnson when he was asked, said there were no parties. Now what are we supposed to do with that?" READ MORE: BBC QT: 'Couldn't afford to!' Audience member demands greater support for youth     But she raged: "Listen I'm not arguing that Boris has to go now I'm saying he does." Mr Vine said: "You were saying we were unfair on him." Mr Johnson's own MPs had been calling for his resignation for the past six months. And some of the same Government ministers who resigned from his Cabinet are now announcing their bids to take his place as leader of the Conservative party and Prime Minister of the country. DON’T MISS: ‘Hopeless!’ Loyal aide quits in blow for Biden as POTUS attacked by allies[INSIGHT]Joe Biden torn to shreds by former Margaret Thatcher aide - 'Completely shameless!' [REVEAL]Kate shows off photography skills with intimate behind the scenes snap of Camilla [SPOTLIGHT]     Tom Tugendhat, the chair of the Commons Foreign Affairs Committee (FAC), has announced his plans- to become PM and he currently has at least four MPs backing his bid. Writing in The Daily Telegraph, Mr Tugenhat said: “I am putting together a broad coalition of colleagues that will bring new energy and ideas to Government and, finally, to bridge the Brexit divide that has dominated our recent history. READ NEXT