The military jet, callsign PAGAN, squawked 7700 at around 3.06pm on Tuesday, indicating a general emergency. Flight trackers show the aircraft as a British Aerospace Hawk T.2. According to flight data website ADSBexchange.com, the RAF flight had originated from near Llanfaethlu, in the north west of Anglesey, in north-west Wales. The location is near RAF Valley, a station on the island of Anglesey. The jet then flew around the Isle of Man before banking right and flying over Britain from near Workington. According to the flight path, after flying over the Yorkshire Dales national park, the Hawk then made a series of turns over Leyburn at about 3,800ft. It then descended at Bedale, near where RAF Leeming station is based. The RAF's website detailed the Hawk T.2's systems, with the jet boasting a wingspan of 29ft 9 inches and a 6,500lb Rolls Royce/Turbomeca Adour Mk 951 turbofan poweplant. According to armedforces.co.uk, the Hawk T.2's max speed is 638mph. It is currently based at RAF Valley, and flies with IV Squadron and XXV (F) Squadron. Squawk codes are assigned to a flight before departure, with the four digits ranging between zero and seven - giving 4,096 possible combinations. Reserved codes are used in particular situations when an aircraft wants to communicate something to Air Traffic Control quickly. The most well known code is 7700, used to indicate an emergency. A pilot will enter this when in an emergency situation - either instructed by ATC after declaring an emergency or without communication. This will clearly inform all tracking ground controllers that the aircraft has an emergency and should be given appropriate assistance.  In April, a Hawk T.2 jet emitted a 7700 squawk signal near Holyhead, in what appeared to be a mid-air incident An EasyJet flight from Amsterdam to Faro transmitted the signal the day before after a passenger suffered from a medical emergency. A spokesperson for the airline said: "We can confirm that flight EJU7903 from Amsterdam to Faro on 27 April diverted to London Gatwick due to a passenger on board requiring urgent medical assistance. "The passenger was met by medical services on arrival in London Gatwick and the flight continued to Faro. "The safety and wellbeing of our customers and crew is always easyJet’s highest priority."