Barristers held their first whole week of strike action last week. They will stage five-day walkouts every other week if a deal over pay is not agreed with the Government. Mr Wallace said that pay for criminal barristers is now so poor, experienced lawyers are quitting, while recruits are reluctant to join. Against this is a growing backlog of cases, caused in part by court closures during the pandemic. This created a “vicious circle” of too many cases and too few lawyers, said Sunday Express columnist Mr Wallace. He said: “This worsening back-drop has led to plunging morale and an exodus of experienced criminal barristers. It is also a deterrent to much-needed new faces and preventing the recruitment of the diverse talent so crucial to our profession." “Potential barristers of tomorrow are all too aware that a ­junior might earn £12,000 a year for their first three years. “This would be £6.25 an hour on a 40-hour week, and barristers invariably work longer. “This inability to retain or recruit comes alongside a rising backlog of cases. This grows worse by the day and is to the detriment of victims and defendants alike, both of whom are awaiting their day of the trial. “We are in danger of bringing our once admired legal system to the brink of collapse.” Mr Wallace was called to the Bar in November 1984. He won Mastermind in 2004 before joining ITV’s The Chase as a quiz contestant “chaser” in 2009. He pointed out that the advo-cates’ graduated fee scheme – “a complicated method by which criminal barristers get paid” – had seen a “steady decline” in investment. Barristers’ incomes have fallen by 30 per cent over the past two decades, he said. The Government carried out a review into Criminal Legal Aid. This recommended a minimum 15 per cent increase in fees. But, in what Mr Wallace labelled “a sleight of hand”, it will only apply to new cases from September 30 this year. It means barristers working on any of the 58,000 cases in the backlog will not receive additional money. He said: “We face a vicious circle – an ever-increasing backlog of untried cases, professionals leaving in their droves and no new faces to replace them. “Much-needed increases in fees have been lost due to sleight of hand politics. “It is damaging our legal system and confidence in justice. “The work criminal barristers undergo when instructed to represent a client on legal aid is extensive. Preparation may take months before the trial process." “While the commitment of barristers in the criminal justice system has remained admirably high, the same cannot be said of government investment in the legal aid scheme.” Mr Wallace said he felt compelled to give his reasons for joining industrial action. The Ministry of Justice said: “We have made barristers a generous offer to increase fees by 15 per cent as quickly as possible." “A change affecting existing cases would require a fundamental change to how fees are paid. “That reform would cost a disproportionate amount of taxpayers’ money and would take longer to implement, meaning barristers would have to wait longer for payment.”