The Queen is thought to be concerned after Prince William and Kate "defied" her orders earlier this week. The extraordinary claim from royal expert Neil Sean comes after the Cambridge family were spotted leaving on a short holiday break via helicopter. William and Kate and their three children Prince George, Princess Charlotte, and Prince Louis all travelled together, alongside their new dog Orla. However, Mr Sean pointed out that it is a royal protocol for members of the Royal Family to travel in separate aircraft. He also cited a previous report in the Daily Mail that claimed the Queen had "spoken rather firmly to William about this and urged him to give up flying in the helicopter altogether" for safety reasons. The royal expert told viewers: "It looks like Prince William and Catherine have defied orders from the Queen. "This week they were seen boarding a helicopter in the back area of Kensington Palace as they enjoy a short holiday." JUST IN: Meghan Markle's claim Serena Williams was friend 'denied' by star  He continued: "This left the Queen concerned. It is a royal protocol for people to travel in separate aircraft for very obvious safety reasons. "Apparently the Queen spoke rather firmly to William about this.  But on this occasion, perhaps it slipped his mind. "When Prince William and Catherine return back from their short break, they will be summoned to Windsor to explain the cause of their actions." Six months ago, the Queen had "several conversations" with William, asking him to "stop flying himself, particularly in bad weather" amid fears an accident could threaten the line of succession, according to the Daily Mail.  Unofficial rules usually prevent senior royals from flying together but the regulations have been relaxed since William's children were born. Though their destination from this week's flight was not confirmed, it is highly likely that the Cambridges were making their way to their residence in Norfolk. This comes ahead of a big summer for the Cambridges. DON'T MISS: Biden tries to 'shake hands with thin air' as gaffes dominate trip [VIDEO]Harry turns down rare one-on-one time with Queen - expert claim [INSIGHT]Royal POLL: Should Camilla conduct more solo engagements? [POLL]  All three children broke up from school last week. Prince George is expected to change schools, while the family are expected to move into Adelaide Cottage in Windsor. The relocation to Windsor this summer comes from a desire to be closer to the Queen and Kate's parents Carole and Michael Middleton, who live in Berkshire. The Cambridges also usually visit Her Majesty in Balmoral in August. READ NEXT: Kate handed prominent honour as Duchess 'a great support' to QueenCamilla enjoys ‘more basic life’ than other royals - expertQueen deploying new public outing strategy to avoid disappointing fansCamilla has not been forgiven for Charles' affair as young love DianaPrincess Charlotte and Prince George facing 'daunting concept' 