Speaking during Prime Minister’s Questions, Boris Johnson said with a wry smile on his face that he felt a “real twinge” of sadness knowing this could be the last time, or “virtually the last time”, he entertained questions from the SNP Westminster leader. Mr Johnson then said he was “proud” of the union, adding that his years as Prime Minister, during which time he has continually liaised with the Scottish Government, have proved that Scotland and England are “much much better together”.    Mr Johnson: “I feel a real twinge, Mr Speaker, that this is virtually the last time to answer a question [from Mr Blackford]. “Perhaps because he’s going or I am, I don’t know. All I would say to him is that I think the next leader of my party will want to make sure that we do everything we can to work with the Scottish Government in the way I have been able to do. “And I’m proud of what we have done to protect and secure our union. "My strong view, Mr Speaker, having listened to him very carefully over years and years now, is that we are much much better together.”    Earlier, Mr Blackford said: “The Tory leadership contest is quickly descending into a toxic race to the right and it’s clear that [regardless of] whoever wins that race, Scotland loses. “The former chancellor has pledged to govern like Margaret Thatcher. The current Chancellor is threatening 20 percent cuts to the NHS and public services. “They are all trying to outdo each other on an extreme Brexit costing the economy billions. “Is the real reason the Prime Minister will not endorse any of these awful candidates, because whoever becomes the next Tory leader will make Genghis Khan look like a moderate?” READ MORE: Boris to hold confidence vote in HIMSELF as PM stuns Labour  Prior to Prime Minister’s Questions, the Tory MPs contending for leadership of the party were locked in a back-and-forth over claims rivals were trying to “syphon off” votes to ensure their success. Culture secretary Nadine Dorries, a longtime loyal aide of Boris Johnson, accused Rishi Sunak of using the "dark arts" to promote fellow contender Jeremy Hunt into the final two runout, since the former chancellor’s team believed they would easily beat Mr Hunt. Transport secretary Grant Shapps, who abandoned his own leadership bid to back Mr Sunak, denied claims from Ms Dorries that the campaign had engaged in dirty tricks. He said: "Simply, in this case it just didn't happen. Jeremy Hunt himself has said everybody on his nomination paper is somebody who is very close to his campaign. So even he has rubbished it.” DON'T MISS: The country needs a true blue winner, blasts STUART NOYES [OPINION]  POLL: Who do you want to win Tory leadership race and be next PM? [POLL]Boris tipped for extraordinary Cabinet comeback if Zahawi becomes PM  [REVEAL]   Mr Shapps went on to defend Mr Sunak's economic stance, saying he was "clearly a guy who is fiscally conservative, wants to get the debt and deficit down, who wants to get the debt falling as a proportion of the overall economy - the idea that this is a socialist is clearly not true". His comments were in response to an article in the Daily Mail in which Brexit opportunities minister Jacob Rees-Mogg, a supporter of Liz Truss as the next Tory leader, branded Mr Sunak’s policies “socialist”. Mr Sunak used a Daily Telegraph interview to claim his economic vision amounted to "common sense Thatcherism". He insisted that he would take a more responsible approach to tax cuts. In a slight to the other leadership contenders, all of which have pledged swift and sweeping tax cuts, Mr Sunak said: "We will cut taxes and we will do it responsibly. That's my economic approach. I would describe it as common sense Thatcherism. I believe that's what she would have done." READ NEXT: Recession warning: Rishi Sunak blamed for slow UK economy growthPMQs LIVE:Boris backs Tory leader hopefuls 'They'd wipe the floor'Where does Sajid Javid live now? Inside former health secretary’s lifeCan Labour call a general election?Brexit LIVE: Shock as Sunak handed open goal – huge ERG rift