Manchester City star Jack Grealish has detailed one of his first conversations with Erling Haaland, in which the Norwegian made a joke about his £100million price tag. Grealish left many fans underwhelmed during his debut season after a Premier League record move from Aston Villa, but insists he is determined to make amends and form a fruitful partnership with Haaland. City locked down Haaland's signature early on, preventing what promised to be a dramatic summer of speculation involving the former Borussia Dortmund star. The Sky Blues wasted no time in shelling out his £51m release clause, along with other payments that came as part of the deal, and they successfully fended off rival interest from Real Madrid. The 6ft 5in marksman, who turned 22 on Thursday, scored at a rate of just under one goal per game in two-and-a-half seasons with BVB. He is broadly expected to take the Premier League by storm once competitive action gets underway, and Grealish has backed him to become 'unstoppable'. The Englishman also recounted an early conversation between the pair in which Haaland compared their price tags and joked that he would be under less pressure to perform this campaign. JUST IN: Conor Gallagher makes commentator laugh with dreadful penalty as Chelsea lose shootout "Erling's looked good in training and once he reaches full fitness will be unstoppable," said Grealish. "I can't wait to play with him and I'm really looking forward to it. He actually said to me, 'I'm only half the price of you so I haven't got the pressure'. "Obviously it's always going to be big expectations but nowadays you have to deal with it. I suppose if he misses a chance or whatever then people are always going to have something to say. I've had to get used to it myself. DON'T MISS...Newcastle launch '£24m bid' as Leeds mull sale to fund striker searchMan City have risky Marc Cucurella 'back-up plan' as Brighton squabble over priceRaphinha shows Chelsea and Arsenal what they're missing with electric Barcelona debut "[Haaland] is a great guy, a brilliant guy. The first day that I met him we took a car together and even after that ride I thought, 'what a guy'. He's so down to earth and quite up front with the way he is. You get used to that." City were in action early on Thursday morning, taking on Club America as part of their pre-season tour of the USA. While Haaland was not fresh enough to get on the pitch, fans were treated to non-competitive debuts for Kalvin Phillips, Stefan Ortega and Julian Alvarez. Kevin De Bruyne scored both goals in a 2-1 win as the Sky Blues gear up for the new campaign with a rejuvenated squad. An in-form Grealish would also provide a massive boost for Pep Guardiola after the former Villa star notched just three goals and three assists in the league last term. Plenty of signings have shown that it can take time to get up to speed with the manager's ideas, however, and he could be given a new lease of life with Gabriel Jesus and Raheem Sterling now playing elsewhere. City return to pre-season action on Sunday with a mouth-watering clash against Bayern Munich, and their first competitive outing is pencilled in for July 30 when they take on Liverpool in the Community Shield. With a relationship potentially blossoming, fans will be eager to see how both Haaland and Grealish get on.