Although the UK is unlikely to see a repeat of last week’s 104F heat (40C), the mid-90s (30s) are expected, meaning that average temperatures for August will be even higher than this month. It comes as analysis shows the July heatwave cost Britain billions in lost work and shoppers’ spending as millions stayed home, with knock-on costs from travel and schools chaos. After an 86F (30C) mini-heatwave today, the Met Office forecasts above-average temperatures over much of the first three weeks of August. Despite record highs, this July’s average temperature is actually only 2C warmer than normal, after a cooler-than-usual start to the month, Met Office data for central England shows. The Weather Outlook forecaster Brian Gaze said: “34C is likely in August, with heat expected from Europe again, which would further increase the chance of August being warmer than July.” He added: “Temperatures ahead will be nice for the beach, barbecue or beer garden, certainly compared to last week, which was simply too hot. A Met Office forecaster said: “In early August, temperatures are likely to be above average across southern areas, which could lead to, at times, hot or very hot weather.” They added: “Mainland Europe is hot and sometimes this hot air can be drawn up across southern parts of the UK. Our meteorologists are monitoring this potential.”  The country is still reeling from last week’s blistering heat. Yesterday, a body was discovered at Jaywick, Essex, two miles from where a 21-year-old swimmer went missing on Tues-day. At least 13 others died while swimming during the heatwave. The British economy was also badly hit, with productivity plummeting. The slump is thought to have cost up to 20 per cent of working hours on Monday and Tuesday, costing £1billion per day based on daily economy productivity of £5billion from an eight-hour shift. Kate Palmer, consultancy director at HR firm Peninsula, said: “High temperatures cause a slump in productivity.” The Grantham Research Institute, based at the London School of Economics, said: “Productivity drops when temp- eratures go above 30C. Heat-waves hit some industries hard.” School closures and early finishes also meant that some ­parents were forced to stop work at short notice. Firms were also left with fewer staff as annual leave during the heatwave soared by 60 per cent, with hundreds of thousands more workers on days off, HR experts said.  