New research from Holidu looked at natural attractions around the world to find the most dangerous attractions. The company analysed the average number of deaths and accidents compared to the average number of visitors. Ben Nevis, the highest mountain in the UK, took the number two spot on the dangerous list. World’s most dangerous natural wonders (Holidu) READ MORE: Airport chaos: All countries reporting major delays and queues The world’s most dangerous natural wonder is Mont Blanc which sees an average of 100 deaths per year. Ben Nevis doesn’t see nearly as many deaths but also receives significantly fewer visitors so also has a risk of life loss. There are an average of three deaths per year on the Scottish mountain as well as 20 notable accidents. Once a massive volcano, Ben Nevis collapsed inwards on itself millions of years ago and attracts 100,000s of visitors per year. Mountaineering Scotland advises that tourists need to be reasonably fit to tackle the climb with a good level of stamina. The Mountain Track is the simplest route up Ben Nevis but will still take around six to nine hours to complete. It also advises that tourists check the weather before starting the climb and come prepared with good boots and kit. Tourists could also join a tour group, attempt part of the climb or have a go at one of Scotland’s smaller mountains if they are less experienced. READ MORE: BA cancels hundreds of July flights Mount Fuji in Japan was ranked the third most dangerous natural wonder in the world with an average of seven deaths per year The world’s highest mountain, Mount Everest, was the fourth most dangerous natural wonder. Although it is one of the hardest climbs in the world, only the most experienced mountaineers attempt it. Mount Kilimanjaro in Tanzania is the fifth most dangerous spot and claims around 10 lives per year. The Cliffs of Moher in Ireland also made the top 10 most dangerous natural wonders in the world. The famous cliffs are one of Ireland’s most famous sites and offer tremendous views of the Arran islands. Visitors should stick to the paved pathways and stay away from the cliff edge to avoid danger. Tourists should be prepared for all weather conditions and bring a rain jacket and walking boots. The Lake District placed just outside the top 10 most dangerous attractions in the world. Tourists should stick to marked tracks and check weather conditions before heading out.