PC Henry Green, 28, has been found to have breached the standards of professional behaviour after arresting a man and woman at the Tesco Express store. PC Green and a colleague were called to reports of three people suspected of burglary spotted in the Tesco store on Newland Avenue in west Hull just before 11.30am on June 6, 2019. On arriving, a male suspect was immediately placed in handcuffs followed by a female suspect, Hull Live reports. Moments later, PC Green did a leg-sweep on the woman and she fell to the floor with no ability to break her fall, as she was handcuffed. He then punched the male suspect in the face while holding metal handcuffs. An internal investigation was launched by Humberside Police’s Professional Standards Department (PSD) following the incident, however, it was paused due to a criminal investigation that was also to be carried out by Humberside Police. Green was charged with two counts of Common Assault and appeared at York’s Magistrates’ Court in December 2021 where Green was found not guilty of the offences. Following a three-day misconduct hearing at the Old Magistrates' Building in Goole, Yorkshire, Head of PSD detective superintendent Matt Baldwin said: “We expect all of our officers and staff to always act with the utmost integrity and professionalism, only using force if absolutely necessary in their line of duty.    "Henry Green displayed an excessive use of force during this incident. The force used was unnecessary, disproportionate and unjustifiable. His actions and conduct that day were completely unacceptable and utterly discreditable, falling way below the standards we expect of our officers. “He was removed from his role and duties where there would be contact with the public immediately after the incident and placed in a non-operational role, pending the criminal and internal investigation. His position in the Force will now be reconsidered until the Panel make a decision on the 25th July. “We will not accept any officer or member of staff behaving in a way that fails to uphold or maintain their responsibility to serve and protect the public in the Humberside area. It is of paramount importance that we maintain the public’s trust and confidence by dealing with officers who behave in a way that undermines this.”  The woman gave evidence during a police misconduct hearing taking place at the former Magistrate's building in Goole on Monday. She said: “I protested and the officer then put me to the floor which was hard and I damaged my back. He made no effort to lower me or break my fall. He then came down on my stomach. I was screaming in agony due to my back. I was shouting I had done nothing wrong but I was just getting my point across and didn’t resist arrest.”  However, in a statement, PC Green insisted his actions were justified. He claims the suspects became aggressive and he had concerns for his own safety. In his statement, PC Green said: “Her behaviour had escalated quickly, I was alone with two suspects. I had previously been assaulted that morning by another person I had arrested, who was also handcuffed when he managed to assault me. I had literally seconds to decide how to deal with the situation and take action, in what was a fluid situation. I therefore decided to take her to the floor, using a leg sweep.    “I went to take hold of him and as I did, he tensed his arm up and moved his arm upwards. I honestly believed that he was going to assault me in a bid to escape, despite being handcuffed, due to his arm movements. “I, therefore, delivered a single punch to the face with my right hand. Again, this decision was made in a split second and in a bid to detain him on the floor as quickly as possible.”  The Misconduct Panel, has now adjourned the outcome decision in respect of Green’s employment with the force until Monday, July 25.