Hampshire Police have opened an investigation after the Portsmouth North MP received a sinister letter vowing to kill her unless she dropped her bid to become Prime Minister. The note threatened to "shoot her in the head" and "kill her family". Ms Mordaunt received the letter in the final days of her campaign to take on the top job. She was axed from the leadership contest last Wednesday, finishing behind Rishi Sunak and Liz Truss in a vote of Conservative MPs despite having beaten the Foreign Secretary in every previous round of voting. The letter was sent to Ms Mordaunt’s constituency office, with police visiting the premises last Friday to interview the trade minister about the threats and to carry out security checks. A police spokesman said: "At 11.50am on July 22, we received a report of a letter containing threats to kill a Portsmouth woman and her family which was sent to her office in Lakeside, North Harbour. READ MORE ON OUR TORY LEADERSHIP LIVE BLOG  "We attended and safeguarding measures were put in place to minimise the risk to the woman and her family, employees and the wider community. "Our inquiries into this incident are ongoing and it has been referred to the Parliamentary Liaison Team. "We take the safeguarding of our MPs incredibly seriously and there are robust systems in place to ensure they can carry out their job safely." Ms Mordaunt was subjected to a series of attacks from the supporters of rival candidates during her leadership bid. The heated debate on the future of the Conservative Party has become increasingly personal since it began just two weeks ago. The current minister faced criticism over her competence and her views on transgender rights. DON'T MISS:Have your say: Do you want Boris as PM and ban Truss/Sunak rule? [GET INVOLVED]Tories face pressure to KEEP Boris as PM after eyebrow raising poll [INSIGHT]Bring Back Boris campaign is getting louder - the people will be heard [COMMENT]  Sources close to Ms Mordaunt believe the negative stories played a role in the death threat she received. Speaking to her local paper today, the MP said she was "very grateful to the police for their swift action" in dealing with her case. Last October the terror threat facing MPs was raised from "moderate" to "substantial". Home Secretary Priti Patel heightened the alert in the aftermath of the death of Sir David Amess. It also came just five years after the death of the former Labour MP, Jo Cox. Donna Jones, police and crime commissioner for Hampshire said the threats against Ms Mordaunt were "deeply worrying". She said: "The threats both online and in person towards public figures are growing and getting worse. "The death of Jo Cox and Sir David Amess reminds us that often these violent attacks are linked to people who are suffering with mental health issues. "The threats made to Penny Mordaunt are deeply worrying and it’s right that Hampshire Constabulary looks into the threat fully." 