Escape to the Chateau's Dick Strawbridge and Angel Adoree have taken to Twitter to share a "big day" for their family. It comes after the family bid farewell earlier this year after announcing they were taking a much-needed break following a busy first half of the year. The couple told their 86,500 followers how the end of this week marked a big day for their children as it marked the end of a school year as well as one of their projects being released. They wrote: "It was a big day today for the Strawbridges..." "The last day of school for Arthur & Dorothy and we are delighted to announce that our audio book & paperback of ‘Living the Chateau Dream’ are both out today! "Hope you’re having a lovely evening! READ MORE: Anita Dobson reacts to critics after flashing legs distracts viewers "A&D Xxx" they signed off their tweet. while adding a link to their book. Following Dick's tweet, fans of the Channel 4 show took to the comments to express their excitement over the release. @pansyblotch wrote: "Enjoy your holidays and waiting patiently for a new series of the Chateau #escapetothechateau." @MikeBobnick commented: "Thank you for the info!  I have both of your books, the 2nd signed by you and @angeladoree and now patiently awaiting Series 9." It comes as the Strawbridge family told how they were "making up for lost time" and reuniting with some family members they hadn't seen in seven years. The stars took to the platform to reveal that it was the first time in seven years that they had seen certain members of their family as they shared a snap of them reunited, years after last having seen each other. The post read: "A couple of weekends ago, the Strawbridges had a visit from Dick's younger brother! "Bobby and Andrea hadn't visited The Chateau since Dick and Angel's wedding - so they were busy making up for lost time!," it ended. DON'T MISS... Jeremy Clarkson celebrates Diddly Squat milestone amid council setback [INSIGHT]Christine McGuinness, 34, puts on eye-popping display in white bikini [ANALYSIS]Cliff Richard is in high spirits at Wimbledon's Women's Singles Final [UPDATE] The snap showed a smiling Dick next to his younger brother Bobby with Andrea in between them as they posed in front of the orangery. Dick and Angel married at their stunning Chateau de la Motte Husson in 2015 with the couple tying the knot in front of their two children, Dorothy and Arthur. Their big day was featured in the first series of Escape to the Chateau and saw over 200 friends and family members join in the celebrations. In 2020 Angel shared a series of snaps from their intimate day, giving fans a glimpse into their nuptials. Earlier this year, the family took a much-needed seaside break following a busy first half of the year. They told their fans: "The Strawbridges hosted their first wedding in 3 years, the first Chateau under the Stars, and the first Day of Decadence... "After a joyous couple of weeks, the Strawbridges took a little break and spent last weekend at the seaside." The update was accompanied by a photo of their children Dorothy and Arthur playing in the sand.