One name in the frame to join Manchester United if Frenkie de Jong doesn’t come is Wolves midfielder Ruben Neves. The Portugal international has been a consistent performer in the Premier League in recent years. And Bruno Fernandes, it has previously been claimed, would welcome his compatriot at Old Trafford with open arms. Manchester United continue to believe they can land De Jong this summer. They’ve agreed a £63million fee with Barcelona for the 25-year-old and are willing to pay him a huge salary in order to ensure he makes the move to the Premier League. But, still, the deal is in limbo. De Jong has made it clear, publicly at least, that he wants to stay at Barcelona. And with United aware of the new season creeping closer by the day, it’s feasible they will move on to alternatives. Earlier in the week, it was reported that Neves was one player on their radar - having long been of interest to the Red Devils. Man Utd transfers: The mouthwatering XI to tackle Brighton with 5 new signings United probed signing the Portugal international last year, only for Ole Gunnar Solskjaer to end up prioritising the Hollywood homecoming of Cristiano Ronaldo instead. And, last year, journalist Dean Jones told The Football Terrace that Fernandes would be in favour of his compatriot joining - and that the club were aware of that. “Bruno Fernandes is obviously very keen for Neves to join and the club are aware of that,” he said at the time. Ultimately, in 2021, Fernandes didn’t get his wish. But things could be different this time around, especially with United struggling to get their pursuit of De Jong over the line. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong If Neves does join, it’s possible that would also please Ronaldo. The 37-year-old’s future at Old Trafford is currently uncertain, with the forward eager to leave for a team playing in the Champions League. That’s something United can’t offer the veteran after finishing sixth in the table under Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick last term. Instead, the fallen Premier League giants will be strutting their stuff in the Europa League. But Ronaldo’s mood may be lifted if Neves does arrive, with the duo playing together at international level. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team Another possible option for United would be Leicester City star Youri Tielemans. Previously in the summer, the Belgium international had been expected to join Mikel Arteta’s Arsenal revolution. But he remains at the King Power Stadium and the Gunners appear to have other priorities, including Alexander Zinchenko. That could give United a window to strike. Yet whether they’re able to bring in the midfielder they desperately need is something only time will tell. Regarding Neves, Kevin Phillips said earlier in the year that the Wolves star was good enough to play for United. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. “He’s a quality player,” Phillips told Football Insider. “He’s one of those players that always wants to get on the ball. For me, I think he’s an upgrade on McTominay and Fred. “He’s got better distribution, he’s better on the ball – he’s absolute quality. He can score goals as well. “I remember sitting on the bench at Molineux when Derby played Wolves, he scored that volley – incredible. “He has developed into a top-class Premier League player. From a Wolves point of view, it’ll be gutting. He will have no problems getting into that Man United midfield – he’s fantastic.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here