Temperatures will take an upward turn as Britons countdown to the weekend after many witnessed rainfall in parts of the UK. According to WXCHARTS, mercury will reach 28C in parts of the south of England on Friday afternoon. The change in temperature is forecast to come during a week in which most of the UK will remain below 20Cs. Much of Wales and Scotland will also witness rainfall on Monday, with almost 17 millimetres of water precipitation expected in Edinburgh. However, excluding scattered showers and a band of rain forecast for the west coast on Friday, much of the UK will remain dry during the week. Flood alerts have been issued by the Scottish Environment Protection Agency in Argyll & Bute, Ayrshire & Arran, Central, Easter Ross & Great Glen, Skye & Lochaber, Tayside and West Central Scotland. JUST IN: UK hot weather returns as 40C 'tongue of fire' to blast Britain with heat this week Temperatures peaked at 31.7C in Weybourne, Norfolk on Sunday. Sunday also saw heavy showers and thunderstorms affecting parts of Scotland and Northern Ireland. The Met Office advised drivers to take care on the roads on Sunday evening. In its short-term forecast, the Met Office said: "A mixture of sunny spells and showers, some heavy and thundery across southeast Scotland and northeast England. READ MORE: Met Office issues yellow weather warning as Britain to be lashed by rain in HOURS "Feeling cooler in the north, but still rather warm in the southeast." Looking ahead to Friday and beyond, the UK's national weather service added: "After a largely settled week, more changeable conditions return from Friday, with the northwest in particular seeing outbreaks of rain and strong winds at times. "Further south, it is likely to remain drier with clear, sunny spells, although there is a chance of some thicker cloud and rain reaching central areas over the weekend. "For the far southeast, while it may turn cloudier at times, remaining mainly dry with just some isolated showers at times. DON'T MISS:Ex-No10 aide warns Tory members largely 'undecided' in leadership race [INSIGHT]Farage slams Tory contest but says Truss is ‘least worst' [WATCH]Leadership contest has left Tories with toxic divide [ANALYSIS] "By the end of the period, unsettled conditions likely to prevail in the northwest, with dry and settled conditions dominating in the south. "In northern parts of the UK temperatures are expected to remain near normal, but are trending above average elsewhere, and there is the potential for some locally hot weather in the southeast."