People across the UK are doing all that they can to make it through the UK's incredible heatwave. Consequently, there are a few items that have become increasingly popular in supermarkets across the kingdom. Customers who shop at Lidl in Clevedon may have to rethink a few key purchases today. The popular supermarket is all out of ice cream and water today. The same could be seen at a Tesco store, also in Clevedon. Several pictures were snapped of one Lidl store's shelves today. READ MORE: Amazon plans to price matches Tesco on grocery items In one image, a two measly packets of large water bottles were left on an entire aisle. A freezer compartment was left totally empty under a sign advertising ice creams. The Mini Mix Ice Creams, priced at £2.49 a pack, have clearly gone down a treat during the heatwave so far. Although it is cooler than some other parts of the country, Clevedon is currently facing high temperatures of 31 degrees, so the rush for ice creams and bottled water is unsurprising. In another freezer, there are just two small packets of ice lollies left. A solitary packet of Fab ice lollies sits at the bottom of the freezer alongside a packet of Twisters. Next to it lies a single Lucozade Sport drink. Several supermarket shelves are completely out of still mineral water, although there appears to be plenty of Diet Coke in the sections beside it. READ MORE: How to store food so it's 'fresh for much longer' - video  And this Lidl store isn't the only supermarket store in the UK to face shortages due to the intense temperatures. An image from inside a Tesco store shows a completely empty rack of water bottles. Staying hydrated is imperative during the heatwave. Britons should take care to drink even more water than usual. This is because the body can lose a lot of liquid during a heatwave through sweating.  If exercising, Britons must take care to drink even more water. As for ice cream, while it does have a temporarily cooling effect, this may not actually be the ideal heatwave snack. The process of eating is heat generating, increasing the body's core temperature. Enjoying a cold drink or snack further compounds this because the body overcompensates by increasing its core temperature. Warmer snacks and drinks may therefore be a greater bet in the next few days.