Having long courted the ruling Rajapaksa family - who became willing partners in China’s Belt and Road Initiative - the ousting of the ruling family threatens to undo all the time and energy Beijing poured into Sri Lanka. In the aftermath of the people’s revolution, Chinese Foreign Affairs Ministry spokesman Wang Wenbin told reporters yesterday: “As a friendly neighbour and co-operative partner, we sincerely hope that all sectors of Sri Lanka will bear in mind the fundamental interests of the country and people, and work together to overcome difficulties.”  The risk now for Beijing is that whoever comes next in Sri Lanka will be far less amenable to the CCP and perhaps draw closer to India. Sri Lanka is of enormous strategic value given its location in the Indian Ocean, and between East Asia and the Gulf. As such, the CCP saw huge value in having a presence in the country as a way to undermine Indian power in the region. For its efforts, the CCP now has a 99-year lease on Sri Lanka’s Hambantota port after Colombo failed to repay a $1.4bn loan to China. Despite repeated denials, there are fears the CCP could use the port as a future military base. Yet, while there have been criticisms that Chinese ‘debt trap diplomacy’ contributed to Sri Lanka’s crisis, the fault ultimately lies with Sri Lanka’s own ruling elite. Long a tourism hotspot, Sri Lanka was hit hard by COVID lockdowns. Then the Government imposed an overnight chemical fertiliser ban, which decimated crop yields in the tea-exporting nation. But ultimately analysts point to widespread corruption and malinvestment as causes of the current crisis, as foreign exchange reserves run dry and inflation tops 50 percent. In the end, Sri Lankans simply had enough. Amid constant power outages and fuel shortages, there has also been a chronic lack of medicines, which undermined the already feeble healthcare system.  Today, Sri Lanka lacks the necessary money to buy goods from other countries, and finds itself $51bn in debt, with just over 10 percent of that owed to China. But what will bother Beijing is not the money it is owed but the danger that a new order in Sri Lanka could upend China’s strategy for South Asia and curtail a major component of its Belt and Road strategy. Moreover, the sight of ordinary citizens standing up to the power of the state suggests Sri Lankans are going to be less amenable to close ties with the CCP. With echoes of the Tiananmen Square uprising, the storming of the Palace was a reminder to China and other authoritarian regimes what happens when the people have enough. Now, with India watching closely, China risks Sri Lanka falling out of its sphere of influence entirely. This is of particular concern to China given its ongoing border disputes with New Delhi. Now, China’s strategy of encircling India – Beijing also has strong ties with Pakistan through the China-Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC) – could be dealt an almighty blow, while the CCP will be wary of a government brought to power by public protest amid calls to stamp out corruption and authoritarianism. On Saturday, the CCP got a glimpse of its worst nightmare: people power.  Beijing may now be facing a less China-friendly administration in Sri Lanka. Last weekend’s people’s revolution was perhaps another reminder to the CCP that – however much it likes to talk about playing the long game – many things are beyond its control and time is not always on its side. 