Arsenal may well look to revive their interest in Lyon midfielder and long-term target Houssem Aouar upon learning that the player's preference is a move to the Premier League this summer. The French star is currently the subject of intense interest from Spanish side Real Betis according to reports in his homeland, but was once understood to be in talks with the Gunners over a potential transfer.   The 24-year-old was considered one of Europe's brightest talents just two years ago, but the French international has seen his career stagnate somewhat since. Back in the summer of 2020, Aouar was understood to be high up on Arsenal's list of targets and discussions were even held over a move to the Emirates. However, a transfer never did transpire amid talk of Lyon pricing the midfielder at around £55million and rejecting a player-plus-cash offer understood to have included Matteo Guendouzi. Aouar was once again linked a year later, with a reduced fee touted, however Arsenal opted to sign Martin Odegaard on a permanent basis instead. The Gunners could now return for the Lyon man this summer as uncertainty once again surrounds his future. According to L'Equipe, Aouar has attracted strong interest from Real Betis with last season's Copa Del Rey winners thought to be pushing for his signature. READ MORE: Man Utd make transfer breakthrough as Lisandro Martinez deal 'triggers three departures' A number of other teams from across the continent are also said to be keen on acquiring Aouar in the current window, but it seems the former Golden Boy nominee has a preference in mind. The French outlet claim the Lyon-born star favours a move to the Premier League. However, despite the player's ambitions of playing in England, he is believed to be open to the idea of joining Real Betis, with the La Liga side having accelerated their interest in recent days. Two unnamed Premier League clubs are thought to have considered a move for the midfielder this summer, while Nice and Real Sociedad have also been credited with showing interest. DON'T MISS:Chelsea 'very close to signing Koulibaly' in £34m transfer deal for TuchelCristiano Ronaldo 'impressed by Richard Arnold' as Man Utd chief makes stance clearManchester United boss Erik ten Hag warned he may have a new Paul Pogba   It has previously been stated that Leicester City were the clubs monitoring Aouar, while Jose Mourinho's Roma are another tracking the versatile playmaker. With just one year left on his current Lyon deal, the Ligue 1 outfit are thought to be open to offers of around £12.5m for the ex-Arsenal target this summer, as they consider cashing in on a player once deemed one of the club's prized assets. Aouar has netted 40 goals and registered a further 35 assists in 214 appearances for boyhood club Lyon, who he joined as an 11-year-old back in 2009. With Betis seemingly closing in, Arsenal may have to move quickly if they are to finally land the midfielder.  