Actor Mickey Rourke joined Talk TV Uncensored host Piers Morgan on Monday and touched on his work as an actor. The Oscar-nominee, whose known for his bumpy and unmatched career, dropped a bombshell about fellow actor Tom Cruise. Mickey didn't hold back when it came to discussing Tom and his successful career, one which Mickey called "irrelevant". Piers asked: "When you see someone like Tom Cruise grossing a million dollars with Top Gun: Maverick, the sequel 35 years or so after the first one, what do you think of that?" Mickey explained: “That doesn't mean s**t to me, the guy has been doing the same part for 35 years! I got no respect for that… I don't care about money and power. "I care about when I watch Al Pacino working, Chris Walken and De Niro's early work and Richard Harris's work and Ray Winstone’s work. "That’s the kind of actor I want to be like… Monty Cliff and Brando back in the day. The kind of guys who tried to stretch as actors.” READ MORE: ‘I cheated!’ Blue Bloods’ Tom Selleck speaks out on avoiding injury  Piers pressed: "You don't think Tom Cruise is a good actor?" to which Mickey slammed: “I think he's irrelevant in my world.” Speaking about his recent career, Mickey added: "I am back in the wilderness after The Wrestler! But not really because what I learned to do, I wasn't going to let anyone put me on the shelf. "I have enough ability, and I've got more ability than in most actors that are walking around. "If I can just behave myself, there is a lot of up-and-coming directors that aren't afraid of how I used to be perceived. " Viewers of the interview were shocked at what Mickey had to say about the box-office actor and took to their Twitter accounts to comment. @Kelar71 expressed: "Mickey always wears his heart on his sleeve. Gotta give him that." @RajHodgson added: "Love him. He’s so genuine." @Staunton praised: "always respect a man who wears his heart on his sleeve and says what he thinks." DON'T MISS...Mickey Rourke breaks down in tears over old man with kitten amidst war [WATCH]'Younger than Attenborough!' Piers Morgan on Sue Barker's retirement [LATEST]Piers Morgan tells BBC to force Sue Barker u-turn - '30 years younger' [INSIGHT] @YourNewDreams commented: "Always loved Mickey - I agree with what he said about Tom, very samey in everything he does." (sic) Elsewhere in the interview, the Iron Man 2 star broke down in tears when confronted with a picture of a man and his kitten in Ukraine. He was asked about his feelings about Vladimir Putin after an image of him wearing a Putin t-shirt had resurfaced. Mickey clarified: “That was 2014. I just want to make that clear. I went over there in 2014, and there was some sort of event where entertainers from the States came over, and he was dancing with Sharon Stone.” Becoming emotional about the war and the harrowing images that have come from the battlefield, he added: "That’s the thing that blows my mind because it's like two brother countries, and I don’t understand what he wants. “Not only combatants are getting killed, but old people are getting killed, young people are getting killed, schools are getting targeted, hospitals are getting targeted. “All that is not right,” he concluded. Piers Morgan Uncensored on TalkTV, Monday to Thursday, 8pm (Sky 526, Virgin Media 627, Freeview 237, Freesat 217 and Sky Glass 508) and live and on demand on the TalkTV app and at Talk.TV