Chelsea could well benefit should Juventus centre-back Matthijs de Ligt snub a move to Stamford Bridge in favour of Bayern Munich this summer as the Blues have reportedly been informed of Dayot Upamecano's potential availability. De Ligt is expected to choose the Bundesliga champions over Chelsea, however that is likely to increase the chances of Upamecano departing in the current window.  Having lost Antonio Rudiger to Real Madrid and Andreas Christensen to Barcelona on free transfers already this summer, Blues boss Thomas Tuchel has found himself worryingly short in defence. The German is thought to have made bolstering his backline the priority this summer, however Chelsea appear to have been dealt a blow in their pursuit of top target De Ligt. The Juventus centre-back is believed to favouring a move to Bundesliga behemoths Bayern this summer and his snub is likely to leave the Blues looking at alternatives elsewhere. Ironically, the Dutchman's snub could turn out to be a blessing in disguise. According to 90min, Chelsea have been informed that Bayern centre-back Upamecano could well become available should the German giants sign De Ligt. The Juventus defender's anticipated arrival is likely to limit the Frenchman's gametime in Munich, with De Ligt expected to become a first-choice centre-back starter alongside compatriot Lucas Hernandez. JUST IN: Man Utd 'meet asking price' for Lisandro Martinez as Ten Hag bids to end Arsenal battle  The report states that German and Dutch sources believe De Ligt is more likely to join Bayern than Chelsea, if he were to depart Turin this summer. Should such a move transpire, Upamecano's representatives are conscious that their client may well be better off leaving Bayern in the current window in order to seeking first-team opportunities elsewhere, especially with the World Cup in Qatar on the horizon. Should Upamecano become available, it is thought that Chelsea would indeed be interested in acquiring the 23-year-old this summer. It is understood Bayern would be willing to accept an offer in the region of £42m for the defender, who only joined Julian Nagelsmann's side 12 months ago after his £37m release clause was met. DON'T MISS...Arsenal new boy Jesus makes Thierry Henry comments ahead of debutLiverpool 'receive improved bid' for youngster to boost Klopp's budgetTottenham 'draw up Clement Lenglet travel plan' as Barcelona deal made  With Tuchel preferring to play a system which includes three centre-backs, the Blues are believed to be looking to sign three new players for that position this summer. Alongside De Ligt - and now Upamecano - Chelsea are thought to have numerous other defensive options on their radar. The west London club are closing in on the signing of Nathan Ake from Manchester City - a player who spent six years on Chelsea's books between 2011 and 2017 before being sold to Bournemouth in a £20m deal. The Blues also remain interested in long-term target Jules Kounde of Sevilla, while contact has been made with Napoli's Kalidou Koulibaly, Paris Saint Germain's Presnel Kimpembe and Torino's Gleison Bremer. 