A witty journalist who bent every deadline to breaking point, Boris was never going to become a grey and predictable prime minister like John Major. Winston Churchill perhaps, whose recipe for success was to “keep buggering on”, or maybe buccaneering Lord Palmerston who asked, “What is merit? The opinion one man entertains of another”. Boris has never cared much about other’s opinions or he would not have done the things he has done, an apology always at the ready but no guarantee against the scandal around the next corner. Boris is clever. He and his whole family are part of the exam-passing classes. All have climbed the greasy pole of the Establishment by being court jesters who know which fork to pick up. But Boris was an unruly child and hasn’t really changed since adolescence. He is amusing. But would I let him take our dog for a walk? No, not with any expectation of getting the dog back, or a clear idea of where the dog was left when a more pressing engagement suddenly aroused Boris’s interest. Exaggeration? No. One Friday morning, I was about to leave our house in London to drive to the country when the phone rang. “Michael, Michael, you’ve got to help me”, he panted. “It’s my big interview in the Telegraph tomorrow. “The man who was going to do it has let me down. Would you be the greatest friend and do an interview with me?” “Let me get this right, Boris”, I said. “I am an afterthought, your second choice for this honour and you would never have invited me unless someone more important had not left you in the lurch?” “Yes”, said Boris. “That’s about it. But you will do it, won’t you?” I asked how soon he could get to South Kensington. “Half an hour”, he said. “Three-quarters max. You’re a great man, Michael, I’ll send a photographer”. The photographer arrived. No Boris, the photographer took his pictures and left. No Boris. Three hours after the first phone call, Boris rang on his cell phone: “I am on the District Line”, he said. “At least I think I am. I’ll be there in 20 minutes”. Forty minutes later, the bear-like figure of Boris shambled around the corner. I didn’t know whether to be annoyed or laugh. The interview was bizarre and I was just glad to get it over. But it wasn’t, not quite. “Where am I?” asked Boris scratching his thatch. “How do I get home from here?” South Kensington is hardly Ulan Bator and on another day, I might have driven him home. But five hours into Boris, I only had sufficient strength to direct him to South Ken tube. When he was elected Mayor of London, I could only admire the cockney sense of humour. When Viscountess Mackintosh, a friend who founded the ShareGift charity, told me she had booked Boris to speak at a fund-raiser, I warned her he would be late. She asked me if I would step-in if he was a no-show. At the very last minute, the Boris bicycle bounced into view, allowing him seconds to run his fingers through his hair before facing his audience. Punctuality is the courtesy of kings but is also a good idea for mayors and prime ministers, if they are to be taken seriously. It matters. People notice disorganisation and resent it when they are inconvenienced. And it’s no good speaking five languages if you put the backs up of people from Papua New Guinea to Liverpool. The trouble is that Boris has always got away with it. Women, in particular, have loved the naughty schoolboy within the dishevelled exterior. For some it brought out the feeling that they could reform him, given the chance. It’s too late now. The great entertainer has lost his charm. People are longing for seriousness at the top of government. But he won’t really care if he has to return to the role of gadfly journalist. It will all be part of the Glorious Lightness of Being Boris.