Houseplants can be tricky to keep happy and healthy, especially when the summer weather arrives. Unfortunately, while the sunlight and warm temperatures may be good for some plants, the weather also brings the risk of fungal infections. According to plant care experts from Exubia: "Houseplant enthusiasts are increasingly being left baffled by strange yellow mushrooms growing in amongst their plant collections." These yellow mushrooms are called Plantpot Dapperlings, or are sometimes known as Leucocoprinus birnbaumi. Exubia's spokesperson explained: "The reason why we’re seeing a spike in yellow mushrooms growing around houseplants is due to the warm temperatures that we’re experiencing. "The mushrooms live off decayed matter and the hot weather we’re experiencing speeds this decaying process up which gives them more nutrients to feed on. READ MORE: Lavender: ‘Right time’ to prune popular plant "On top of this, compost and matter will decay quicker when it is wet so if you’ve accidentally overwatered your plants then it's very likely you may have encountered these mushrooms." Not only are these growths unaesthetic, they can also pose a toxic threat to both humans and animals when consumed. The experts added: "Although it may seem like these strange mushrooms are a fairly new phenomenon, they were brought back to the UK accidentally by explorers in the 1700s. "Since then, the spores of the mushrooms have been spread around by human activity." The best way to determine whether your houseplant is infected with Plantpot Dapperlings is by identifying their distinctive shape and bright yellow colour. However, according to Exubia, removing them can be "a real challenge". They said: "As a result, it will often take rounds of treatment before you start to see a noticeable difference and the spores will likely still be there." DON'T MISSGoing on holiday? 4 'fail-safe' ways to keep your plants watered [INSIGHT]Lavender: ‘Right time’ to prune popular plant [COMMENT]Houseplants: How to revive wilting, yellow and sunburnt plants [EXPLAINER] If you want to prevent Plantpot Dapperlings from growing, you should keep your houseplants in a cool location and err on the side of caution when watering. However, once they have begun to grow, the best course of treatment is to completely repot your plant. Swap out the old, infected potting mix for a brand new pot full of fresh compost. Exubia's spokesperson said: "To repot a plant infected with Plantpot Dapperlings, it's important that every speck of soil is removed from around the roots of your plant. "A small amount of contaminated compost being mixed with a new, fresh batch of potting max will likely lead to the spores spreading and infecting your new mix. "Rinsing the roots of your plants under lukewarm water should be enough to ensure that all of the spores have been thoroughly removed. "When this is complete then it’s time to add your new mix. We’d suggest placing a small layer of soil down at the base of the pot and then placing your plant in. "After you’ve added a small layer of soil simply pack the rest of your soil around the plant until it's firmly secured within your pot and you’re done."