Barcelona is a beautiful Spanish city that is popular with Britons for its sun, sea, sand, and culture. Travel expert Jessie Moore spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about what visitors must be aware of. Jessie told Express.co.uk: "There are plenty of famous gardens and parks in beautiful Barcelona." Among these are the popular Park Güell, Parc de Cervantes, Parc de la Ciutadella and Montjuïc Park - which also contains the Barcelona Olympic Park. However, while these parks are all mesmerising in their own way, some travellers may like to go for less touristy options. Jessie advised: "One of the lesser known gardens is Mossèn Costa I Llobera in the Montjuic area. READ MORE: Flight attendant issues warning to people who fall asleep on planes "It’s a botanical garden that is distinct for its cacti." But why is this less popular gardens worth a visit? The expert continued: "Discover various different types of cactus plant, all against the backdrop of breathtaking scenery and views out to sea." Britons travelling to Barcelona in the summer months can expect a busy and bustling destination. Tourist attractions such as the more well known parks will be filled with holidaymakers the majority of the time. Mossèn Costa I Llobera may be Britons' chance to enjoy some much needed peace and tranquility during their trip. "Mossèn Costa I Llobera a little hidden away and not easy to stumble upon, which is the main reason that it is still very much a hidden gem. "As it’s lesser known that the likes of Parc Güell or Parc de la Cituadella, it is wonderfully quiet in comparison." READ MORE: Holidaymakers endure 12 hour nightmare with TUI Jessie called this park a "must see attraction". While Barcelona may be a stunning summer break, no destination is perfect. The expert shared one thing travellers to the city should be aware of. While Britons are no stranger to extreme temperatures going by the UK's current climate, Jessie warned that Barcelona can get super hot. She warned: "Visitors to Barcelona in the summer months should be aware of quite how scorching it is. "We’re all chasing the warmer weather but visitors may struggle to explore all that the city has to offer in 30 degree heat. "Combine this with the swathes of tourists that the city attracts, and it’s easy to see how a summer visit could be a little unpleasant for those not used to the crowds and heat." Jessie is a luxury travel expert and founder of travel brand Pocket Wanderings.