The Duchess of Cornwall and Prince Charles met the carers of the Rowcroft Hospice during the 200th anniversary celebration event of The Maritime and Coastguard Agency at the Torre Abbey Grounds, in Torquay. Camilla opted for a beautiful green floral dress. The Duchess is a fan of recycling items of clothing and she hasn't waited long to rewear this piece. Last week, the royal was seen donning the same dress for a Primary School visit in Wales. The midi shirt dress is from Cefinn, the designer label by Samantha Cameron. READ MORE: Meghan Markle's 'signature gesture' is 'misinterpreted' claims expert The design has a price tag of £203 and is currently on sale from £290. The website description reads: "Cefinn's 'Georgie' shirt dress is so elegant and feminine. “It's made from recycled twill that's patterned with warm blooms and has pleats throughout the skirt to create movement as you walk. “Cinch the waist with the accompanying belt.”  Camilla combined the summer gown with a pair of nude pumps. The Duchess of Cornwall styled her hair in her usual platinum blow-dry and opted for a natural make-up look. Camilla and Prince Charles seemed to be enjoying the event and were all smiles when getting on a helicopter and chatting to Coast Guard Helicopter crew members. The Duchess of Cornwall has been seen undertaking daily engagements since her birthday last week. READ MORE: Dieters should be drinking tea in hot weather to slim The royal turned 75 on Sunday, July 17. Earlier this week, she visited a school in Cornwall, in southwestern England. The engagement was part of a three-day visit to the region to celebrate the Prince of Wales’ 70th year as the Duke of Cornwall. For the occasion, Camilla wore a three-quarter length dress in blue. She paired the gown with a simple pair of nude kitten heels from Sole Bliss. Camilla accessorised with the Van Cleef & Arpels Vintage Alhambra yellow-gold agate bracelet. The accessory is priced at an expensive £3,950. The Duchess could also be seen carrying a large Wicker handbag as she braved the hot day in the UK.