Camilla's new ITV documentary lifts the lid on many of the future Queen Consort's interests and habits with royal expert Russell Myers pointing out a few insights into the duchess's "naughty" side. The candid documentary titled 'Country Life' provided an insight into Camilla's smoking habits with the royal said to be "partial to a ciggie or two behind the bike sheds." Mr Myers told Australia's Today programme: "We know that she is partial to a ciggie or two behind the bike sheds. "She has let that out a bit. "She is a bit naughty some of the time, we know she likes a little tipple. "We know she likes a bit of fun."  Camilla, who guest edited Country Life magazine to mark her 75th birthday, selected her decades-long partner Charles as one of her rural heroes in an article she penned for the publication. The duchess described the countryside as an integral part of the future king's "heart and soul" and paid tribute to his vast knowledge of and support for rural affairs. "My husband is a countryman to his very core. It's the place where he is most happy and relaxed, an integral part of his heart and soul," Camilla wrote. "Whether he's hedge-laying in the pouring rain, striding, like a mountain goat, up impossibly steep Highland hills, planting trees in the arboretum or pruning at Highgrove, this is where he finds true peace."  The prince, the nation's longest-serving heir apparent in history, carries out hundreds of royal engagements each year and has long sought solace in rural life. The duchess hailed the prince as being "fluent in the rural tongue" and "tramping every inch" of the countryside, and told of his "deep and enduring love for all things bucolically British". She wrote: "His knowledge comes not only from books, but from hard-won experience, tramping every inch of the countryside, from north to south, east to west, talking, listening, supporting and celebrating. He's fluent in the rural tongue. "Dry-stone wallers and crofters, shepherds and weavers, cheesemakers, stick-whittlers, potters and blacksmiths - he is their champion and public voice, a passionate advocate of all things rural." In the behind-the-scenes documentary charting her editorship, the duchess confessed she found it difficult to write about Charles. "It's not easy to write about your husband. I bit through several pencils," she remarked. Camilla also wrote a leader for the magazine, which is celebrating its 125th year, and told of her own strong bond with the UK's natural environment. "My parents brought me up to have a profound sense of being at home in the countryside," she said.