Wimbledon has released an emotional tribute to retiring presenter Sue Barker as the legendary broadcaster signed off on her final tournament. The Wimbledon stalwart has received plenty of tributes throughout as she revealed at the start that she had opted to step down from her role after 30 years. The likes of colleagues Chris Evert and Martina Navratilova sang her praises with Billie Jean calling her the ‘GOAT’ while John McEnroe dubbed her the ‘Roger Federer of broadcasting.’ The 66-year-old was left in tears as the tournament came to a close and she will likely be left sobbing once again after reading the lengthy statement from Wimbledon regarding her retirement and years of service to the event. Titled ‘Farewell Auntie Sue’, excerpts from the beautiful message read: “As she walks out on to Centre Court to conduct the post-final interviews with the new men’s singles champion and runner-up today, it is almost inconceivable to think that this will be the last time she performs the role that’s taken so many players to the hearts of fans. A broadcaster with an insider’s empathy, she is the consummate pro in encouraging others to share their feelings. “What a career she’s had as one of very few former athletes who have gone on to present multi-sports programmes on a high-profile channel such as the BBC. But after 30 years as the presenter of the Beeb's Wimbledon coverage, she will hang up her microphone, take her telegenic jacket off the hook marked HRWH (Her Royal Wimbledon Highness) in the studio and look forward to coming back to The Championships simply to sit back and enjoy the tennis. Wimbledon LIVE: Novak Djokovic refuses Covid vaccine as Sue Barker makes Roger Federer cry “Her retirement marks an end of an era, which will be sharply felt. An entire generation and more have only known Wimbledon through Sue Barker’s warm and welcoming company. She has brought the Fortnight uniquely to life with her knowledgeable chat with friends and peers she’s invited on as panel guests (Chris Evert, Martina Navratilova, John McEnroe, Billie Jean King, Tracy Austin, etc). “So from the generation of tennis fans she’s kept informed and entertained with her inimitable warmth and humour, we'd like to say, thanks Sue, thanks. Wimbledon won't be quite the same without you.” Following her final day as Wimbledon presenter, Barker said: “It’s been an absolute privilege. I’ve loved it, 30 amazing years. I’ll miss the job and most of all the people I work with. I’ve been so proud to front the programme so thank you.” On her final day of presenting duties at Wimbledon, Barker witnessed Novak Djokovic defeat Nick Kyrgios in four sets to claim his seventh Wimbledon title and fourth in a row, and surpassed Roger Federer in the grand slam race with 21 titles.