Jake Paul’s next fight may be in doubt again as the YouTube star recently revealed that his new opponent Hasim Rahman Jr is threatening to no-show Tuesday’s press conference if he is not paid more money. Paul and Rahman Jr are due to face each other on August 6 at Madison Square Garden, New York. The son of former world heavyweight champion Hasim Rahman is the replacement for ex-Love Island star Tommy Fury after ‘TNT’ was denied entry to the US two weeks ago. But now Paul may be forced to look for a third opponent, as he revealed during an interview with The MMA Hour. Doing the interview from a car in Puerto Rico, on his way to fly out to New York for tomorrow’s press conference, Paul told Ariel Helwani that his opponent is looking to ‘chicken out’. He said: "Hasim Rahman Jr is trying to renegotiate his contract. He signed a contract last week for ten times more than he's ever been paid for any one of his fights and now, boom, fast-forward one week and he's trying to suck more money out of the fight. "He's trying to do anything he can to claw more money because I think he realises the consequences of what might happen. I think he's scared to fight me. A lot of these guys are excited by the money at first and then when it actually comes time to get in camp and get training, they chicken out. Who knows if this fight is even going to happen at this point because we're not going to pay him any more money? He’s not worth it, he has a name but he doesn't have a massive name. It's unfortunate." Paul continued: “His team is (threatening to not show up for the press conference), and we don’t give a f***. I’m not paying the guy more. I’m tired of these guys trying to overprice themselves. We’re paying him 10 times more than he’s ever made and now he’s trying to ask for 30 times more than what he’s ever made all of a sudden.” MORE BOXING NEWS... Joshua labelled a ‘mean guy’ as Brit develops spiteful streak for Usyk Joshua new coach will 'humble' Brit as AJ backed for 'big win' vs Usyk Conor McGregor reaping fruits of new training regime as pictures show Paul’s claims are consistent with what Rahman Jr has been saying in the lead-up to the fight. During one Instagram live the 12-1 professional boxer told fans he was being paid less than any of ‘The Problem Child’s’ previous opponents. "He's barely paying me to begin with, so what the f***? I ain't doing this for the money,” said Rahman Jr. "I'm getting the least amount any Jake opponent ever got, so what are y'all talking about 'he's paying me'? Stop it, stop it, this whole fantasy land you little Jake trolls are living in, that s*** is over with, war Rahman we on some real. Bunch of f***ing YouTuber fans, you're about to get something so crazy Inshallah - they look at my last fight, they look at sparring, they can look at whatever. When this killer gets in there, oh yeah, it's going to get real." 