The Duchess of Cambridge was recently joined by her dad to watch a Wimbledon match, but was mortified when he mistook the British player for American sportsman Pete Sampras. Explaining the blunder on ITV's Lorraine, royal editor Russel Myers explained how Prince William is now carrying on "the mantle of embarrassing dads."  As he talked about how the Duke of Cambridge had watched his son George carefully as he got the chance to pick up the Wimbledon trophy, Russell explained: "A bit of an embarrassing dad moment, William telling George, 'Don't drop it.' "He was sort of laying into him, but I think he did rather well, actually." The royal specialist added: "He [George] did quite well in front of the cameras." "And he did say it was quite heavy, which I'm sure it is," Carol Vorderman, who was stepping in as presenter for Lorraine Kelly, added. READ MORE: Celebrity MasterChef line-up: Who is competing in the 2022 series? "He did," Russel answered. "And talking about embarrassing dad moments, Kate dropped in earlier in the week when she'd been to Wimbledon with her dad, Mike." "She was always a fan of tennis, wasn't she?" Carol clarified. Russel responded: "She was, and now she's obviously the patron of the LTA, (Lawn Tennis Association) George is a fan of tennis himself. "But Kate revealed that her dad Michael, when Tim Henman was walking passed, he's just been playing Pete Sampras and her dad said, 'hello, Pete.'" "Oh no!" The former Countdown presenter gasped. "He didn't, did he?!" "So William is taking on the mantle of an embarrassing dad now," Russel remarked. "Oh, cringey," the 61-year-old commented, laughing. "He's embarrassing George, basically," Russell summarised, reflecting on the Royal Family's trips to the tennis tournament. DON'T MISS... Cam Norrie shares 'disappointment' after Djokovic Wimbledon loss [LATEST]Sally Nugent scolds BBC Breakfast guest for putting feet up [VIDEO]Coronation Street theory: Tyrone killed as Phill learns the truth [THEORY] "He did rather well and yeah a good day out in the sun." It came as the young royal was on centre court to watch Novak Djokovic defeat Nick Kyrgios in the men's final. Prince George, eight, cracked a smile when Djokovic offered him the trophy to hold. A clearly excited George gripped the gold cup with both hands. Either side of George, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge congratulated Djokovic on his most recent win. Prince William was overheard advising his son "don't drop it!" Pictures snapped from the match show the young prince appearing hot as he sported a suit in the Royal Box to witness the iconic sports moment on Sunday. Kate presented the trophy to Djokovic after he won his seventh Wimbledon singles' championship, his fourth in a row, and his 21st grand slam crown in a tense three-hour final. Lorraine airs weekdays from 9am on ITV.