Manchester City may have been dealt a blow in their bid to sign Brighton and Hove Albion star Marc Cucurella this summer, according to reports. The Spanish left-back has supposedly entered talks with the Seagulls to extend his contract after a stellar debut season under Graham Potter in the Premier League. Reports linking the former Getafe hero with Pep Guardiola's men had picked up pace in recent weeks, with the sale of Gabriel Jesus and the imminent departure of Raheem Sterling giving the club funds to sign the 23-year-old. Having already signed Erling Haaland, Julian Alvarez and Kalvin Phillips this summer, City have already spent £110million. The reigning Premier League champions are in the market for a left-back considering Joao Cancelo - who despite superb performances on the left-hand side last season - is predominantly a right-back. Meanwhile Oleksandr Zinchenko has been mooted for a potential move away and Benjamin Mendy remains unavailable. Cucurella had been earmarked as their target, and a move for the Spaniard seemed increasingly likely to happen just recently with Sterling being set to move away from the club. But according to The Athletic, Brighton have thrown a spanner in the works by entering into talks with Cucurella over a new and improved contract. Discussions are said to be at a preliminary stage. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez The report states that Brighton were yet to receive a formal offer from City as of Friday despite the champions making Cucurella their 'priority signing'. It is understood that the south coast outfit are seeking a fee of at least £50m, with former defender Ben White setting the precedent for that price tag with his £50m move to Arsenal last summer. Cucurella only joined Brighton from La Liga outfit Getafe last summer, with Potter's men stumping up a £15m fee for his services and giving him a five-year contract. Some exceptional performances as a left wing-back in Brighton's free-flowing 5-2-3 formation have opened Guardiola's eyes to a potential purchase, with Cucurella plying his youth career in Espanyol and Barcelona's academies around the time that the City boss managed the Blaugrana to unprecedented success. Featuring in 35 Premier League games and scoring his first goal against City's rivals Manchester United towards the end of the season, Cucurella has proved himself as one of the league's best options on the left side. And owner Tony Bloom admitted the club would not stand in tbe Catalan-born star's way if an acceptable bid came in for his services. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagThree players want to join Man Utd this summerWhy Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen “Marc is a tremendous player, a tremendous person,” Bloom said. “He’s brilliant for the dressing room. “He was unbelievably good last season, his first season in the Premier League. We’re hoping for more to come and we haven’t had a bid for him. “We’ve got to be realistic if a certain bid comes in and the player wants to move, the player will move, but we are not anticipating, we’re not looking for our best players to move on. “If it happens and we get a bid then we have to consider it, but until that point, we carry on.”