Homes in the UK are not always the built for the rising temperatures that summer can bring. Luckily, experts have shared advice for homeowners to keep themselves and their home cool. Experts at NetVoucherCodes.co.uk shared their top tips on coping with the weather. These included staying cool with a frozen water bottle and turning off certain appliances. John Stirzaker from NetVoucherCodes.co.uk said: “Nothing beats sunny days and warm evenings, but that doesn’t stop us Brits from complaining about how uncomfortable the heat can be. “Luckily there are a number of low-cost hot weather hacks we can use to make the heat more bearable." READ MORE: All-important gardening job to do as heatwave and hose pipe ban loom Freeze a bottle of water Staying hydrated is always important and can be vital for staying cool. The experts recommended freezing your water bottle to help manage your temperature. They said: "Freezing your water bottle gives you the ideal constant stream of ice cold water that’ll keep you cool throughout the day, not to mention it also makes a great ice pack."  Create your own fan Fans are in high demand when the sun comes out but homeowners can get creative to make their own. The experts suggested using a piece of paper or thick cardboard to fashion a hand fan to use at home. Freeze bedding As well as freezing water bottles, homeowners could benefit from putting their sheets in the freezer. READ MORE: The cost of keeping a fan running as temperatures hit all-time high "Another tip to help you fall asleep on those humid nights," the experts said. "Pop a few pillowcases in a sealed bag in the freezer and put them on your pillows 10 minutes before you go to bed." Avoid the oven Appliances like ovens and hobs give out a lot of heat which can increase the temperature of a property. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Instead, those trying to stay cool should opt for uncooked options such as sandwiches or salads. A microwave of air fryer could also be a better option for heating up food without warming the kitchen too much. Shut the curtains Keeping blinds and curtains shut when the sun is shining will also keep out excess heat.