Last year, Mr Sunak received criticism from financial experts for freezing income tax thresholds until 2026. This was viewed by many as a real term pay cut to millions who are already experiencing the financial struggles caused by the cost of living crisis. As a result of the Chancellor’s intervention, over two million households are expected to pay more income tax at a time when inflation is at a 40-year high. Experts believe this move by Rishi Sunak will result in one in five taxpayers paying either the 40 or 50 percent tax bracket rate. Under current HMRC rules, the tax-free personal allowance stands at £12,570 per person. The 40 percent tax bracket rate applies to salaries of £50,270 or more, while the additional 45 percent rate affects those on at least £150,000. Mr Sunak has received calls from his own party to cut taxes to save families money as inflation skyrockets. READ MORE: ‘It’s free money!’ Britons urged to act now to slash tax by thousands  Statistics from HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) have found that income tax has gone up by almost a third in three years. Taxpayers paid £189billion in income tax in 2019/20, however this figure is expected to reach £251billion by 2022/23. Some 2.5 million across the country pay more through this levy in the past three years as a result. In 2019/20, HMRC registered 31.5 million income taxpayers in 2019/20 but next year that number will increase to around 34 million. Sarah Coles, a senior personal finance analyst from Hargreaves Lansdown, emphasised how inflation and the year-long tax threshold freeze will be detrimental to Britons. Ms Coles explained: “Red hot inflation and frozen tax thresholds are set to drive income tax to an incredibly painful £251billion. “That’s up almost a third in three years, and is way ahead of the Government forecast at the Spring Budget last year, when it said this year’s tax bill would be around £230billion. “It’s far more than any of us can afford at a time of runaway prices, and it’s going to get worse. READ MORE: Triple lock reinstated: How much will you get in state pension boost? “The number of people paying income tax has soared by 2.5 million in the past three years, partly as a result of the fact that the personal allowance hasn’t changed since April 2021, while prices and wages have climbed. “It means millions more people being stuck with a tax bill. “Meanwhile, the freeze in the higher rate threshold meant the number paying higher rate tax has jumped alarmingly – up 16 percent in a year, while the number paying additional rate tax is up 12 percent." The financial expert broke down how “things are only set to get worse” due to Rishi Sunak’s decision to freeze the income tax threshold. She added: “Three years ago just 12 percent of people paid higher rate tax – now it’s 16 percent. “And things are only set to get worse. With the thresholds frozen until 2026, we’re going to see a steady stream of taxpayers crossing thresholds and paying eye-watering levels of tax. “It adds insult to the financial injuries we’ve sustained as a result of rising prices. “And while we’re happy to pay our fair share of tax, we can’t afford to pay over-the-odds. So it’s worth considering some simple steps to protect your income from tax.”