Richard Eden, the Daily Mail diary editor, told Palace Confidential that the Tories have set their date to announce the new leader of the party “in the middle of the Queen’s cherished summer holiday in Balmoral”. He questioned whether the Queen would return to London to partake of the traditional meeting with the new Prime Minister or whether Prince Charles would fill in for her. Five candidates remain in the Tory leadership contest, with the group to be whittled down to four in the third round of voting on Monday.    Mr Eden said: “The poor Queen has been dealt a bad hand by the Tories who are going to announce the new Tory leader on September 5, which is in the middle of the Queen’s cherished summer holiday in Balmoral. “And it is very complicated because what they like to do is announce the new leader of the party, who then becomes the Prime Minister, and you have all the choreography when they enter Downing Street. “But you cannot do that until you have had the sort of kissing of hands with the Queen and that has to be done first.    “So, what is going to happen? Is this new leader going to try and pull up to Balmoral and make an 800-mile round trip? “I think it’s much more likely the Queen will be expected to come back to London. “Or if she doesn’t, we could have the chance of Prince Charles doing the honours. And that would be a huge step. “For our head of state not to meet our new Prime Minister, that would be something else completely.” READ MORE: 'UK did have a right!' Mordaunt slammed over Brexit 'misleading' claim [REPORT] The Tory leadership contest has become a bitter battle between the five remaining contenders, with Penny Mordaunt alleging she has been the victim of "smears" following fresh claims about her views on transgender issues. The international trade minister rejected claims she had ever pursued a policy of self-identification for trans people seeking to legally change gender after press reports appeared to cast doubt on her earlier denials. In the first televised debate on Friday, Ms Mordaunt clashed with Liz Truss and Kemi Badenoch after they claimed they had been responsible for reversing the policy which she championed as an equalities minister. However, The Sunday Times said it had seen government papers which appeared to suggest Ms Mordaunt was in favour of removing at least one element of the medical process required for transgender people to legally transition. DON'T MISS: Hurry up and pick a leader Tories - we have a country to run! FERRARI [OPINION]IDS torpedoes Mordaunt chances in dressing down: 'what has she done?' [REPORT] Two PM frontrunners invited to Kyiv to hear war plan [REVEAL]   It said another paper from February 2020 confirmed that the Government's support for self-identification ended after she was replaced as the minister in charge. Ms Mordaunt told the BBC's Sunday Morning programme that she had never advocated ending the requirement for trans people to obtain a medical diagnosis of gender dysphoria before they could legally change gender. "This has been rebutted many times. We all know what is going on. This is the type of toxic politics people want to get away from," she said. "We did a consultation. We asked healthcare professionals what they thought about the situation. That is the section I looked after. I managed that consultation. We didn't actually on my shift produce a policy. "There is a number of smears going on in the papers. My colleagues are very angry and upset that this is how the leadership contest is being dragged down." READ NEXT: Next Prime Minister must forge a nimble new nation - EXPRESS COMMENTRidge puts Raab on spot over Rishi 'raising taxes like Brown'Tory leadership LIVE: Shocking new favourite emergesBoris Johnson still flying high in the polls on visit to RAF baseRishi Sunak promises Brexiteers he will torch Brussels' laws instantly 