Cleaning windows like a professional is easier than you may think, and you don’t even need commercial products to do it. In fact, white vinegar is often better than most multi-purpose cleaners because of its low cost, streak-free finish, and lack of toxic ingredients. Here’s how to use it to clean dirt and stains from outside windows around your property. Dirty windows can reduce the amount of natural light in your home and often look unpleasant from the outside. Hiring a professional window cleaner to polish your windows is perhaps the easiest way to keep them clean, but it is much cheaper to do it yourself using a few simple tools. For a high-shine finish, you will need a microfiber cloth, a squeegee and a flat mop to reach every inch of dirt lurking on the glass. Of course, you will also need a bottle of white vinegar and plenty of water to make the cleansing solution. READ MORE: Easy way to deep clean a ‘filthy’ rug in less than 10 minutes Start with a simple rinse using plain water to remove surface debris. You can use a cloth to wipe over the dirty surface of ground floor glass panes and a long microfiber mop to reach windows higher up. Once the windows have been rinsed, fill a large bucket with equal parts white vinegar and hot water to make the cleaning solution. A drop of dish soap can also be added to remove any “streak-causing wax” which may have been left on the glass from commercial cleaners used in the past, according to Martha Stewart. Soak a clean microfiber cloth in the acidic liquid and wring it out before wiping the windows. The Family Handyman recommended using a scrubbing motion to lather the vinegar solution onto the glass “at all angles”, for the best results. For hard-to-reach windows, rinse out a flat, extendable mop and soak it in the cleaning liquid. Wipe over first-floor glass panes to roughly cover the area as best you can. DON'T MISS:5 deep cleaning steps to avoid air fryer 'nightmare' [INSIGHT]Cleaning enthusiasts share peppermint hack for ousting ants [REVEAL]Baking soda cleaning: 5 areas to clean - from sinks to showers [ANALYSIS] Once the windows have been rinsed with the DIY cleanser, it’s time to squeegee the liquid off of the glass in swift strokes. To do this, tip the squeegee so that only the corner contacts the glass. Starting at the top corner of the glass, clean a narrow strip from top to bottom on one side. Repeat the vertical strokes on each glass pane until they are all clean. Using the same technique, repeat horizontally on each window, taking care to press the squeegee blade against the corners for a seamless finish. An extendable squeegee can be used on higher windows which are not as easy to reach. Just repeat the same action on each one. When cleaning windows with a squeegee, the Family Handyman noted that “the key” is to squeeze most of the soapy water out of the scrubber to eliminate excessive dripping and running”, which is what causes streaks on the glass. To do this, simply wipe the rubber blade on a clean towel or cloth to keep excess dirt off of the glass. Once the windows have been cleaned and rinsed off, take a dry lint-free cloth and wrap it around your finger. Run it around the perimeter of the window to remove any remaining suds and reveal a shiny window pane. Newspaper can also be used to buff the clean surface all over to reveal gleaming windows.