Sue Barker sent Cameron Norrie a touching message after the Brit was defeated 2-6 6-3 6-2 6-4 by Novak Djokovic in the Wimbledon semi-final. Norrie had a bright start, winning the first set, but the Serbian recovered to set up a final with Nick Kyrgios after the Australian was awarded a walkover following Rafael Nadal's withdrawal from the competition on Thursday. Signing off from the BBC's Wimbledon broadcast, Barker had a message for Norrie. “Well played Cam Norrie," Barker said. You made us proud.” Djokovic was full of praise for the 26-year-old in his on-court interview after the match. "I didn't start off well," Djokovic admitted. "He was the better player for the first set. I've had many semi-finals in Grand Slams in the past but it's never easy walking out on court. You have a lot of pressure and expectations on yourself and from others. Cameron didn't have much to lose. I wish him all the best. He's a great player. I have a lot of respect for him." The Serbian put his cap on after losing the first set, and joked that it was one of the reasons he was able to come back and win. "Sometimes things are as simple as that or maybe not," Djokovic said. "It was the hottest day of the championships so far. I was a bit tighter at the beginning of the match. Cameron was dominating the play and I felt like I got lucky in the second set to break his serve. He kind of gifted me a game and since then the momentum shifted a bit. That's the significance of the semi-finals of a Grand Slam." JUST IN: 'Please don't' Nick Kyrgios makes Federer, Nadal and Djokovic plea Despite ending in defeat, Norrie has had a sensational tournament having never been beyond the third round at a Grand Slam before this year's Wimbledon, going out to the man that has won the last three SW19 tournaments. He will face Kyrgios on Sunday, who Djokovic has never taken a set off in his career. "The job is not finished," Djokovic added. "One thing is for sure there are going to be a lot of fireworks emotionally from both. It's going to be his first Grand Slam final. Obviously he's very excited and he doesn't have much to lose. DON'T MISSNick Kyrgios' mum to miss Wimbledon final in heartbreaking absence'I made a mistake' John McEnroe blames Rafael Nadal at WimbledonRafael Nadal faces worst case scenario after Wimbledon injury  "He's playing so freely. He has one of the biggest serves in the game. We haven't played for some time. I've never won a set off him. Hopefully it can be different this time. It's another final for me at Wimbledon so hopefully the experience can work in my favour." After sealing his win over Norrie and a place in the final, Djokovic gestured towards one crowd member and blew a kiss, which was booed by the fans on Centre Court. "Crowd not overly delighted with the reaction, but he won’t mind about that," Andrew Castle said, commentating on the match for the BBC. "Crowd not sure about this, interesting reaction." John McEnroe added: "He didn’t need to do it, but don’t take away from what this man is doing."