Jack Fenton, 22, from Kent was struck by the rear blade within seconds of the Bell 407 touching down at a helipad near Spata, according to Greek media. Police have arrested two pilots and a member of the ground crew in connection with his death. A local police source said: “Our inquiry has focused on possible negligence. Basic questions have emerged from witness testimony as to why the blades were not at a standstill when passengers were allowed to disembark on Monday.” A police officer said: "We have interviewed witnesses including the [three] friends who were travelling with him. "The probe will then be sent to the prosecutor who will assume the case." The Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office said: "We are supporting the family of a British man who has died in Greece." Mr Fenton was among a group of holidaymakers returning from the nearby island of Mykonos by private helicopter, and had just landed at an airport.  It is thought he stepped off the aircraft and walked towards the rear without knowing the rotor blades were still spinning. The youngster's parents were reportedly following in a second helicopter, which was then diverted. Investigators will now look at whether the required procedures were followed before passengers were allowed to disembark the helicopter. Giorgos Kalliakmanis, head of the police union, said the helicopter's pilot will be investigated to see if he advised the passenger off his aircraft before the aircraft's blades had come to a halt. READ MORE: Brexit LIVE: Bitter Macron 'determined to punish' Britain with Dover  He told Greek media: "These propellers run for about two minutes from the time he turns the engine off unless he presses a button which stops them at 50 seconds," he said. "The helicopter door has no security, anyone who wants to open the door and get out. "The preliminary investigation will look at whether the pilot informed them to get out when the propeller and engines stopped." A statement from Mr Fenton's employer, Ball Street Network in London, said: "Our team is in shock having just found out about this tragic news. DON'T MISSNATO told to ‘take nuclear weapons off table' to outsmart Putin [COMMENTS]EU pours staggering £27bn into Romania [REPORT]Putin faces Russian mothers' wrath over sending sons to war [LATEST]  "Our love and thoughts are with Jack's family and friends." Mr Fenton was also a former pupil of Sutton Valence School, near Maidstone. A statement from headmaster James Thomas said: "Our School was very sad to hear the tragic news about Jack this morning. "He was a very popular member of the community, and we have sent our condolences to the family. "Our thoughts and prayers are with all those affected by the incident." THIS IS A BREAKING STORY. MORE TO FOLLOW... 