From today, July 6, any new cars launched in the European Union must have Intelligent Speed Assistance (ISA) technology fitted by law. The Department for Transport was involved in developing these requirements, but as they apply from July 2022 it will be for the Government to decide whether to mandate the same systems in Great Britain. No decision has yet been taken on which elements of the package will be implemented in the UK. The ISA technology works by using GPS data and traffic sign-recognition cameras to work out the maximum speed allowed in an area. This will then limit the speed of the vehicle and the power of the engine, slowing the car down below the maximum speed limit. Drivers will be able to override the technology by pressing on the accelerator, but the system turns on as standard every time the car is started. READ MORE: 'What a waste!' Fuel protests prompt fierce debate from angry drivers Mark Gabriel, Director of Motor Products at Admiral, spoke to Express.co.uk about the public perception of speed limiters and whether they will be accepted. He said: “It’s encouraging to see that almost half (47 percent) of people welcome the new ISA technology, with two-thirds (68 percent) doing so because they want to see speeding addressed to improve road safety. “Exceeding the statutory speed limit on a public road tops the list of convictions that customers declare when they renew their policies. “In fact, it accounts for 71 percent of the motoring convictions reported to us, with all types of speeding convictions accounting for 92 percent of those declared. DON'T MISSMan behind fuel protest that would block motorways 'has no choice' [INSIGHT]Electric cars may pay car tax through 'vehicle tracking technologies' [WARNING]UK hydrogen vehicle infrastructure to be unlocked with new funding [INVESTMENT] “The minimum penalty for a speeding conviction is a £100 fine and three penalty points added to your licence unless you’re given the option of attending a speed awareness course. If you have 12 points over three years, you could lose your licence. “Speeding convictions could also impact your insurance premiums, adding an average of 23 percent to your annual car insurance premium if you receive an SP30 and three points. “If you receive seven points or more for speeding, you could see your premiums increase by as much as 75 percent.” Further law changes will be introduced on July 7, 2024, which will mandate that all new cars that have already been launched be fitted with an ISA. All new cars, vans, trucks and buses will need to be fitted with an ISA. Existing ISA technology, which is already used in motorcycles, will need to be adapted for newer vehicles and the new regulations. Many manufacturers have already started including ISA technology in their vehicles, including Citroen, Ford, Honda, Jaguar and Volvo. In a further step, the Renault Group has confirmed that its cars would be limited to a top speed of 180 kmh or 112 mph. Dacia said it would be the first brand under the Renault umbrella to implement the speed changes. Previously a spokesperson for the Department for Transport told Express.co.uk that the implementation was still being debated. They said: “The UK’s departure from the EU provides us with the platform to capitalise on our regulatory freedoms and make decisions that are right for Great Britain and benefit road safety. “We’re currently assessing the vehicle safety technologies included in the EU's General Safety Regulation and a decision will be taken in due course as to whether to mandate any of those in Great Britain.” The Department for Transport has been approached for further comment regarding the use of speed limiters.