 Novak Djokovic has admitted that Stefanos Tsitsipas could have been disqualified from a Grand Slam like himself after the Greek smashed a ball into the stands during his third-round loss to Nick Kyrgios. It comes after the top seed appeared to joke about the incident with the Aussie. Djokovic himself was defaulted from the US Open when he accidentally caught a lineperson when hitting a ball in frustration two years ago.  Djokovic has spoken out on Tsitsipas’ antics in his match against Kyrgios after the fourth seed received a point penalty, with both men getting fined for their behaviour. The world No 40 had called for his opponent to be defaulted after the 23-year-old hit a ball into the stands in frustration but the act went down as one of his code violations as he didn’t hit a spectator. And the world No 3 has now claimed that Tsitsipas almost ended up in the same situation as he did at the 2020 US Open, after Djokovic was disqualified when he hit a ball in frustration after getting broken by Pablo Carreno Busta in the first set, which accidentally hit a lineswoman and saw him immediately kicked out of the tournament. “There are players whose attitude provokes you or irritate you. And there are opponents who don’t make you feel that way,” he told Tennis Majors. “This is an individual sport, we are all different, and it is relative what is good and what is not, because there are different perspectives on everything that has happened in their match.” The 20-time Major champion thinks the world No 5 got “lucky” that he failed to directly hit a fan, despite the ball rebounding and clipping someone in the head. JUST IN: Nadal's Wimbledon practice showed three things ahead of Fritz rematch He continued: “What happened to me at the US Open almost happened to Tsitsipas. He was lucky because he did not hit anyone directly in the crowd although the ball hit the wall and then hit someone in the crowd because he hit the ball really hard. “I had that situation in the past, and I know how frustrating it can get on the court. On the other hand, I am ashamed and I always regret when I make a mistake like that and I apologise to the world because I know that that sort of behaviour is not appropriate. I hope that Tsitsipas himself realises it’s a mistake and that he was very lucky, risking to hurt someone and to be disqualified from the match.” It comes after the Serb appeared to joke about the incident with Kyrgios during an exchange on the practice courts on Monday. "You're going straight for the opponent already," he laughed, appearing to reference Tsitsipas’ attempts to hit the Aussie while passing by his court. DON'T MISSNick Kyrgios' girlfriend spotted with unusual detail on Wimbledon passWimbledon hits out at players as coach spotted with 27 yoghurtsWimbledon CEO snaps back at Novak Djokovic after Serbian's complaints Tsitsipas himself immediately apologised for the outburst in his post-match press conference, also admitting he tried to directly hit Kyrgios with the ball. "I was aiming for the body of my opponent but I missed by a lot, by a lot,” he said. “I have to say it was really bad from my side. I have never done that before, throwing the ball outside the court in that way. I did apologise to the people. I don't know what went through my head at that time.” 