While the Moon is in Aries, energies can be forthright, impulsive, and competitive, so when it makes a transition into calm and stability-seeking Taurus, it might knock you slightly off guard. Express.co.uk reveals your horoscope, star sign reading, astrology and zodiac forecast for July 20.  The Last Quarter Moon will be exact this morning when the Sun in homey Cancer forms a square to the bold Aries Moon. Cafe Astrology said: “We’re beginning to see recent events in a more mature light. “The next few days are good for reassessing matters from a more experienced viewpoint." But for now, we might be feeling “tense” or “conflicted”. READ MORE: Apollo 11: Aldrin, Collins and Armstrong's defiant message to NASA   The Moon will continue its transit of Aries until 7.24pm BST, where it’ll enter steady Taurus. Under this influence, “good things occur” and all that does occur, tends to feel good, according to The Moon School. It said: “Taurus holds an energy that is rich, grounded, and abundant. “Here, the Moon is ‘exalted’, which means that she is lifted up, and her influence is enhanced in this placement.”  Taurus is known to be one of the more sensual earth signs of the zodiac, so during one of its transits, sensuality and creature comforts are high on the agenda, according to Astrology TV. Exuding patience and a more objective perspective, astrology shows people are slower to anger under this Moon. Astrology TV said: “Often the Taurus Moon is a good time for hard work and solid background efforts. “These lunar energies are productive and creative.” DON'T MISS:UK sends 70,000 worms into orbit to unlock secrets of space [INSIGHT]Japanese knotweed warning: Heatwave creates ideal conditions for weed [ANALYSIS]Can you plant flowers in a heatwave? 3 crucial steps to follow [EXPLAINED]     However, it’s not as easy to start new projects and ventures due to Taurus' fixed-sign qualities. Astrology TV said: “This lunar energy is conducive to long-term, sustained efforts, so don’t expect a quick fix during this transit.” As the day draws on, Venus will form a semi-square to Uranus, which might bring a dose of unpredictability and fickleness with it.  Cafe Astrology said: “We could follow whims or feel restless until we recognise the need to freshen up our relationships or pastimes." However, “rumblings of the need to change unhealthy patterns with relating and spending can occur”, which is never a bad thing. The void Moon will occur from 3.20pm with the Moon’s last aspect before changing to square the sun. 