Good Morning Britain presenters Charlotte Hawkins and Ben Shephard welcomed an energy bill campaigner onto Friday's show to discuss the ongoing rise in bills. Simon from Don't Pay UK spoke about the campaign he is backing, but the GMB presenters questioned his tactics. Charlotte suggested using energy without paying for it was "stealing". The Don't Pay UK website has the slogan: "Millions of us won’t be able to afford food and bills this winter. We cannot afford to let that happen." The campaign says: "We demand a reduction of bills to an affordable level. We will cancel our direct debits from Oct 1 if we are ignored. The campaign starts now with your help." Simon detailed the campaign to Ben, who said it could impact people's credit ratings and could even lead to criminal charges if they are seen to be stealing energy. Charlotte added: "They could be cut off." READ MORE: Naga Munchetty in fits of laughter as BBC Breakfast co-star 'walks out But Simon insisted he was not encouraging people to "steal energy". He responded: "We are not advocating that anyone steals energy, what we are talking about here is mass renegotiation. "So we cancel out direct debits, we pay what we can afford, and if enough people do that I think the government will have to see sense and come to the table." Charlotte was still not convinced by Simon's justification.   She questioned: "Isn't it stealing it though if you are using the electricity but not paying for it?" Simon said: "Nobody is talking about not paying for the energy we use, we are talking about renegotiating the terms on which we pay for it." Charlotte chimed in: "But you're saying 'This is the price I'm prepared to pay no matter what the energy company has to pay to be able to get that energy to you'." Simon explained: "They are in a position in which they can effectively extort however much they want to take and that is not acceptable." DON'T MISS... Better Call Saul fans ‘work out’ reason Gene is missing from season 6 EastEnders theory: Kat Slater furious as unwanted guest crashes party The Control Room fans question BBC licence fee after ‘awful’ series  The campaign's website continues: "Even if a fraction of those of us who are paying by direct debit stop our payments, it will be enough to put energy companies in serious trouble, and they know this. "We want to bring them to the table and force them to end this crisis. Here’s how we get think we can get there."  