Back in June, The Platinum Party at the Palace opened with a surprise video of Paddington Bear having tea with Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II. As Queen and Adam Lambert opened the concert on the Queen Victoria memorial outside the front of Buckingham Palace, the claps and stomps of We Will Rock You could be heard. To the audience’s delight, both The Queen and Paddington made the We Will Rock You beats by clinking their tea cups. Now Brian May has opened up on the historic event and how this was actually all his idea. Speaking at a special fan Q&A for Queen and Adam Lambert’s Rhapsody Over London Live Concert Film, the 75-year-old was asked how they prepared for the royal spectacle. Brian admitted: “It was very tough because all the tour was laid out before the Jubilee request came along. And we had two nights on, one night off and two nights on and the one night off became the Jubilee, so it was very tough for us physically to do five nights in a row. In the end, I think we did nine shows in 10 days. It was insane! So it kind of hurt, but the experience was great yeah! It’s a one-off and one-offs are quite terrifying. Not the same as being on tour and knowing where you are. It’s not our company, it’s not our production. It’s the palace with all their people… months of preparation just for those few minutes.” READ MORE: Brian May bids farewell to 'dear pal' on final night of tour Roger Taylor, who turns 73 today, said: “Of course, it was wonderful because our bit was preceded by The Queen herself talking to Paddington Bear and then doing the little We Will Rock You [clink clink] on her tea cup. It was fantastic!” Brian confessed: “I asked for that. I said, ‘Would The Queen tap it’ and they wouldn’t give us an answer. And we didn’t know until the day before. They said, ‘Oh we might get somebody Royal to do it for you.’” DON'T MISSBrian May thrilled as Queen top Beatles in incredible new achievement [THE BEATLES]Brian May shares Freddie Mercury secret from Queen concert set [BRIAN MAY]Bohemian Rhapsody 2 ‘will need magical inspiration’ shares Brian May [BOHEMIAN RHAPSODY 2] Of course, they were delighted that Queen Elizabeth II agreed to do it and Adam Lambert was totally in the dark, admitting: “You guys knew before me! I didn’t know until after the show! I heard something back there, I thought, ‘I hear somebody talking’ because they were playing the videotape. And then after the show, I went on YouTube and saw it and went ‘Beautiful!’ I loved it, so cool!” To watch the new Q&A in full and the epic live recording from Queen and Adam Lambert’s 10-night residency at London’s The O2, click here.