After considering herself the "fattest girl at university", Laura Dryden completely overhauled her life with the help of a new diet and fitness routine. Her new passion for running alongside taking CurraNZ's New Zealand blackcurrant extract, transformed her into a slim fitness fanatic who achieved dramatic results. Laura revealed that ever since she was a teenager she considered herself the "biggest" girl. Even at university, she struggled to walk across campus and would arrive at lectures panting and out of breath. She realised she had to make a change after she tipped the scales at 18-and-a-half stone and soon dropped a whopping nine stone. The 30-year-old, who now weighs nine-and-a-half stone after being bitten by the running bug, has been documenting her journey on YouTube and Instagram. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake She usually runs seven days a week and credits CurraNZ with helping her exercise harder for longer, enabling her to lose so much weight. She said: ”I’ve been using this supplement for years. And I honestly, they have made a dramatic difference to both my performance and recovery. I swear by them. “Before I started taking them, I’d get muscle soreness in my thighs towards the end of a long run. “But with CurraNZ I can run for longer. Prior to taking the capsules, I would get to around six or seven miles before I started to feel totally shattered and in need of a walking break. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] “These days, 10 miles can feel like a breeze with no stops for walking and my recovery is great." Now, the test engineer who studied Forensic Computing at the University of Lancaster, has a new lease of life. "I’m now able to run for at least two hours at a time before I feel tired and everyday tasks are just so much easier, too," she explained. READ MORE: Fitness: How to 'increase fat burning' in a heatwave - expert advice "It definitely isn't easy. "You just have to keep pushing it and keep going until you get where you want to be." She added: "If my story sounds like your own, I’d urge you not to give up." A study by Liverpool John Moores University that was released in May last year, found the supplement boosted blood flow. It also led to an increase in fat burning in women during exercise of up to 55 percent in certain cases - with unhealthy, obese individuals likely to experience bigger gains. The effect CurraNZ has on blood flow and fat burning have also been shown to reduce fatigue and boost endurance.