Sophie married Prince Edward in 1999 when she joined the British Royal Family and became the Countess of Wessex. Sophie's style has evolved over the years and although some of her best fashion moments took place before she met the Duchess of Cambridge, a fashion expert said it is in recent years that she has also become a "fashion icon". Kate Middleton married into the Royal Family in 2011, and the two reportedly became very good friends. Despite their 17-year age gap, it is believed the Countess of Wessex and the Duchess of Cambridge have a close relationship which can be clearly seen every time they attend engagements together. Has that friendship influenced Sophie's style? READ MORE: Keep bread fresh for 3 weeks with simple food storage hack Styling director at Hirestreetuk.com, Rosie Hartman, started by saying that Sophie’s style "definitely has evolved over the years" and she is now "one of the most stylishly-dressed royals". Rosie explained in recent years Sophie has been seen "recreating" Kate's style with her choice of floral dresses and coat dresses which she didn't use to wear before. The stylist said: "You can see some echoes of Kate's style visible especially in the more casual styles she wears, such as the floaty floral dresses matched with a classic nude pump or a wedge. "I do think her close relationship with Kate has influenced her fashion choices."  However, the fashion expert said "her style is definitely her own". Rose explained: "Sophie Wessex is an expert in colour and print coordination. "This has been seen at this year's Ascot, where she matched her dress and hat. "She is also not afraid of a more bold, floral print." READ MORE: Sophie stuns in green dress and chic hat with the Queen in Scotland On the other hand, Kate "tends to stick to block colours and more subtle prints such as polka dots, as well as more sparkles and sequins". These are some fashion choices "Sophie tends to avoid," Rose explained. The stylist said all royals have fashion hacks they use to make them look better and feel more confident in public appearances. Rose explained "as with Kate, Sophie certainly knows how to flatter her figure". How does she do that? The fashion expert said Sophie achieves a more flattering effect with clothes "with plenty of silhouettes which are nipped in at the waist, and accentuated by a belt or a wrap". Kate, on the other hand, often opts for "more streamlined shapes". "Sophie also generally wears capped or longer sleeves to further flatter her figure," Rose added.