The Shadow Chancellor joined Susanna Reid and Ed Balls outside Westminster on Wednesday where they debated the future of the Labour Party and Conservative Party in the wake of Chancellor Rishi Sunak and Health Secretary Sajid Javid's bombshell resignations. As Rachel Reeves lambasted Boris Johnson's leadership, Reid challenged her about Starmer's future as he has vowed to quit if Durham Police slap him with a fixed penalty notice. Reid commented: “We might see a change at the top of your party because of course we are still to await whether your leader gets a fixed penalty notice - and Angela Rayner as well - if they do, they said they’d resign. “It would be quite extraordinary for Labour wouldn’t it if Boris Johnson is still in position but actually your own leader has been toppled.” Reeves hit back: “I’m confident Keir Starmer and Angela Rayner did nothing wrong. “They were at work, they broke to have some food during a really busy day of campaigning and elections last year.  READ MORE: ‘Let me answer!’ Raab snaps at BBC’s Jon Kay in angry clash “I mean what a contract between Keir Starmer as leader of the Labour party and Boris Johnson because I’m proud the leader of my party has some principles and says, ‘If I’m found to have broken the rules, he would resign.’ “There is nothing to stop the Prime Minister from just going on.” Reid jumped in: “How close are we? Do you know how close we are and why Durham Police haven’t made a decision yet?” “That is a question for them,” Reeves replied. “I don’t know the answer to that question.” It is understood Starmer could learn within days whether or not he has been fined for breaking lockdown rules. Durham Police are preparing to deliver their verdict which could determine whether he resigns or not. Starmer pledged to quit as Labour's Leader if he is found guilty of breaking any lockdown rules. His deputy, Angela Rayner, who was also at the Durham event when coronavirus rules were in place, vowed to stand down as well if she is fined. DON'T MISS...GMB backlash as shamed Neil Parish slams Boris Johnson [LATEST]'You always do this' Raab slams Susanna Reid in fiery Pincher row [DEBATE]Susanna Reid heartbroken as Logan Mwangi’s dad reflects on son’s death [UPDATE]  Reeves continued to defend Starmer throughout her interview with Reid, adding: "I am confident Keir Starmer has done nothing wrong and will continue as the next leader of the Labour Party. "At the next general election, he will become Prime Minister because I know he has the principles, the honesty and integrity to provide the leadership this country needs." Her appearance on the ITV news programmes comes in the wake of Sunak and Javid quitting their roles on Tuesday night in a destabilising blow to the Tory Party. Sunak said in his resignation letter Britons expected government to be conducted “properly, competently and seriously”.  Javid wrote in his letter: “We may not have always been popular but we have been competent in acting in the national interest. "Sadly, in the current circumstances, the public are concluding that we are now neither.” Children's Secretary Will Quince and Conservative MP Laura Trott's resignations followed on Wednesday morning. Good Morning Britain continues on weekdays at 6am on ITV. 