Chelsea's proposed £10million deal to sign Chicago Fire goalkeeper Gabriel Slonina has gone quiet following the swift departures of Petr Cech and Marina Granovskaia, according to reports. The Blues were in line to wrap up the capture of the highly-rated 18-year-old shot-stopper prior to the abrupt changes to the Stamford Bridge hierarchy but now the move is in serious doubt... Chelsea have always had an eye on potential stars of the future and Slonina is a player that was of great interest to the Blues. Thomas Tuchel's side were even prepared to fend off interest from Real Madrid and Wolves in order to push a deal over the line. Slonina was close to agreeing the move prior to the sanctions that were imposed against Chelsea due to their association with former owner Roman Abramovich. But the teenager's dreams were soon dashed when Chelsea were hit with a temporary transfer ban earlier in the year. READ MORE: Chelsea to submit mega £43m Matheus Nunes transfer offer in 'next few hours' According to The Evening Standard, the deal is now unlikely to be revived following the changes upstairs at Chelsea. Cech has now left his role as technical and performance adviser, where he worked under director Granovskaia. The former Chelsea goalkeeper had a big say on recruitment and would advise the club on who to sign between the posts. He was an instrumental figure behind the arrival of Edouard Mendy after he listened to a recommendation from one of his contacts at former club Rennes. READ MOREChelsea 'receive response' from Juventus after 'offering two players' for Matthijs de LigtChelsea target Matthijs de Ligt picks between Premier League and Bayern Munich transferChelsea face make-or-break Raphinha transfer meeting after receiving 'no response' on deal READ MORE Chelsea 'receive response' from Juventus after 'offering two players' for Matthijs de Ligt Chelsea target Matthijs de Ligt picks between Premier League and Bayern Munich transfer Chelsea face make-or-break Raphinha transfer meeting after receiving 'no response' on deal Chelsea's new co-owner Todd Boehly is currently operating as interim sporting director and it remains to be seen whether he will keep their interest in Slonina alive. The player favours a move to Chelsea but may have to explore other offers if the Blues do not return to the table. Initially, Chelsea were keen to sign Slonina and loan him back to Chicago Fire but there are now question marks about what will happen to the goalkeeper. As of now, Chelsea are currently focused on adding more attacking quality, while also bolstering their options at centre-back. Deals for Raphinha, Raheem Sterling, Matthijs de Ligt and Nathan Ake are very much alive. Barcelona appear to be the frontrunners for Raphinha though as the Brazilian holds out for a move to Camp Nou. Chelsea are the only club to have seen an offer accepted by Leeds for the winger though as the saga rumbles on. Meanwhile, Ake is currently believed to be closer to Chelsea than De Ligt, despite talks between the two clubs in which a potential swap deal involving Timo Werner was discussed.