The harrowing incident took place at a kennels in Rhymney, Caerphilly. Emma Frowen, 42, who owns the kennels, says she was awoken by barking in the middle of the night to see flames coming from the building. The animals — two French bulldogs, a pregnant cocker spaniel, a bull cross and three bull greyhounds – were reportedly doused in petrol before being set alight. The mother-of-three said: “We could see all the sheds where all the dogs were, flames as high as the house – everything up in flames.”  The attack took place on Sunday, July 17. Six of the dogs died in the fire while one survived but later had to be put down after suffering 80 degree burns. The dogs, some of whom belonged to friends, were being held in the kennels at an allotment close to the family home. Neighbours called the fire brigade before the owners of the kennel arrived, as they battled to desperately save the pups.  Emma said: “My son tried kicking the doors open, trying to rip them open, but he was burning his hands. “The fire brigade came and you could still hear the dogs screaming and yapping and then all of a sudden you couldn’t hear anything. They were all dead.” Investigators believe the fire was an arson attack. Emma added: “We weren’t allowed in there because the roof had collapsed. We weren’t allowed to touch the dogs until forensics came.”  READ MORE: Outrage over thirsty Queen’s Guard as UK on course for record The family were later given sheets and blankets to take the charred remains out of the kennels. Emma described the attack as “sick” and “vile” and said “it was horrendous, absolutely horrendous. My children are all heartbroken. We just haven’t got any words.” She added: “The police were crying as well – the lady sergeant. Everyone was just sobbing down there because they had never seen anything like it. For someone to come and do that they need locking up because they are absolutely twisted and sick in the head. “There is something seriously wrong with people like that. We just want them caught and put in prison and punished for what they’ve done. Until they are locked up and behind bars we don’t feel safe. To be honest, I don’t feel safe in my own house at the moment. Could they come and do it here? They’re just animals – absolute animals, those people.” DON'T MISS:Desperate Putin says Ukraine turned troops into MONSTERS [INSIGHT]Putin's new nightmare: Zelensky's men aim for Crimea 'We are ready' [COMMENT]Russia ‘laying groundwork’ to annex new Ukrainian territories [ANALYSIS]  A spokesperson for South Wales Fire and Rescue Service said: “At approximately 2.06am on Sunday, July 17, we received reports of a fire in Rhymney. Crews from Tredegar and Rhymney station attended the scene and extinguished the fire using specialist equipment. “The incident concluded at approximately 4.44am. Following a joint fire investigation at the incident with Gwent Police the cause of the fire has been concluded as deliberate.” A Gwent Police spokesman said: “We received a report of a fire in Brynhyfryd, Rhymney, at around 2.10am on Sunday, July 17. A section of land, including outbuildings, was set alight and officers from the South Wales Fire and Rescue Service have confirmed that the fire was deliberately started.” A spokesman for RSPCA Cymru said: “We are very sad to hear about this upsetting incident and would urge anyone with information to contact Gwent Police. Our thoughts are with the owners of these poor dogs during this distressing time.” 