In an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, the British-Iranian funnyman opened up about the moment, along with his thoughts on woke culture and his new comedy show, The Good Times Tour, which he's taking to this year's Edinburgh Fringe Festival. Djalili appeared as a guest on ITV Daytime news show Good Morning Britain back in 2020, where he was quizzed by the controversial ex-presenter Piers Morgan about some of his comedy sketches after Little Britain was temporarily removed from BBC iPlayer, Netflix and BritBox due to concerns over the use of blackface - the show was later reinstated. The comic had gone on the programme to urge more BAME people to come forward to test the coronavirus vaccine, which was in development at the time. Instead, he found himself grilled about Matt Lucas and David Walliams’ sketches. Djalili said: “At the time, I went on and I had no idea they’d been talking about Little Britain where they black up. “I know those boys [Lucas and Walliams] for many years. How many apologies do they have to make? They’ve said it’s something they wouldn’t do anymore. “Then Piers Morgan said, ‘As someone who has whited up, how do you feel about this?’ They started showing videos of me in the background playing a white, middle-class multitasking mother in one of my sketches on The Omid Djalili Show. READ MORE: Omid Djalili wife: How long have Omid and his wife been together? “I was like, ‘Woah.’ They go, ‘What do you think? Do you think what you did was right?’ What happened was, I answered him so strongly straight away that Susanna Reid took over.” Djalili said he was “punching up” and poking fun at an “empowered group” rather than punching down. After his encounter with Morgan, Djalili said being cancelled didn’t “bother him” but admitted, “you can be wary of what you say”. The comedian revealed his three children, who are in their early 20s, “call me out from day one” and even took away his Twitter account for a while, instructing him to only use emojis when telling jokes. He went on to say: “I do believe being woke is very good. As [fellow comedian] Kathy Burke says, ‘It’s better to be woke than a f***ing a***hole’, so I like that. “But I do think it’s not something that bothers me because I feel like I come from the right place.” Djalili added: “But it’s also a good thing, I think, because we no longer tolerate jokes about the other. And I think that’s something - if we’re talking about cancel culture - once we start othering people, I think that’s the line.” He said woke culture came from globalisation, saying “we now see humanity as one body” and it was the “correct way forward” in this respect.  The comedian will be addressing much of this in his new show, along with his observations from the past two years, where he’s tried to “mine the funniest things” he could find, including the coronavirus pandemic and lockdown. Even during lockdown, Djalili was doing gigs, including a Zoom show which saw him muted by over 600 audience members. Djalili explained the show was called The Good Times Tour because it was about adjusting to the “new normal” post-pandemic. The star said: “I’m amazed at how well it’s gone down, absolutely gobsmacked.” DON'T MISS...Royal Wedding: Comedian Omid Djalili reveals very unusual involvement [INSIGHT]Fiddler On The Roof review: No conflict here- just a damn good show [REVIEW]Omid Djalili: My six best books [INTERVIEW] He explained he wanted people to come and simply have a good time at his show rather than trying to be relevant or the best comic on the circuit. Along with The Good Times Tour, Djalili also served as the Herald in the Royal Windsor Horse Show as part of the Platinum Jubilee celebrations earlier this year, describing his role as a “real honour” with the Queen very much amused by his performance. He is also going to be appearing in a small role in the Hollywood romantic movie It’s All Coming Back To Me starring Priyanka Chopra and Sam Heughan. Additionally, Djalili is in the process of putting together a comedy show for BBC Persian after his first programme when down a storm with audience with a whopping 12 million tuning in to watch if from all across the Middle East. Omid Djalili: The Good Times Tour will be taking place between August 3 and 20 at the Edinburgh Fringe Festival at The Stand’s New Town Theatre – Grand Hall