The Tory who is currently under investigation, said he was "truly sorry" on Saturday and vowed to co-operate with an inquiry into his alleged behaviour while intoxicated at a private members' club in London. The MP for Tamworth in Staffordshire resigned from his Government role after the allegations emerged, and Boris Johnson bowed to pressure to remove the Conservative whip. In a statement, he said: “I respect the Prime Minister's decision to suspend the whip whilst an inquiry is underway, and I will co-operate fully with it. “As I told the Prime Minister, I drank far too much on Wednesday night, embarrassing myself and others, and I am truly sorry for the upset I caused. “The stresses of the last few days, coming on top of those over the last several months, have made me accept that I will benefit from professional medical support. “I am in the process of seeking that now, and I hope to be able to return to my constituency duties as soon as possible.”  Mr Johnson has also come under fire following the allegations as MPs have accused the Prime Minister of “double standards”. One such MP, Tory backbencher Andrew Bridgen, suggested Mr Pincher was being treated differently because he is an “arch-loyalist” to the Prime Minister. Mr Bridgen added claims about Mr Pincher had been “swirling around Westminster for years”. The Prime Minister initially resisted calls to remove the whip from the 52-year-old but Pincher was suspended after the Parliament’s Independent Complaints and Grievance Scheme (ICGS) received a formal complaint. READ MORE: Brexit LIVE: Varadkar lashes out at- Boris’ 'shocking' blunders A spokeswoman for chief whip Chris Heaton-Harris said: “The PM has agreed that the whip should be suspended from Chris Pincher while the investigation is ongoing.” In an open letter, Caroline Nokes and Karen Bradley, two Tories who chair Commons select committees, called for Mr Johnson to implement a "zero-tolerance" policy over sexual misconduct claims. They added the party’s recent approach to accusations posed a risk of “serious reputational damage”. They also urged the party to introduce a code of conduct for all Tory MPs and “ensure a thorough investigation is carried out in each and every case”. DON'T MISS:Andrew Neil unveils new Tony Blair plot to reverse Brexit [REVEAL]Boris says UK 'not giving up on Hong Kong' 25 years since handover [INSIGHT]Government considers slashing VAT to ease cost-of-living crisis [SPOTLIGHT] No10 has suggested there were concerns when Mr Pincher was appointed in February to the whips' office. However, a spokesman said the Prime Minister had not been made aware of anything that would have prevented the appointment going ahead. The spokesperson said: “In the absence of any formal complaints, it was not appropriate to stop an appointment on the basis of unsubstantiated allegations.” According to the Mail on Sunday, it is also beleived Mr Johnson knew about Mr Pincher's behaviour two years ago before his appointment to Deputy Whip. During a discussion about whether to appoint Mr Pincher to the post of Chief Whip, the Prime Minister told aides: "He’s handsy, that’s a problem. Pincher by name, pincher by nature." READ NEXT:Boris Johnson backs 50-year family mortgagesPolitics thick with stench of Tory sleaze PM must act LEO McKINSTRYKeeping it in the family can apply to mortgages - EXPRESS COMMENTBoris refuses to talk early election rumours I'm not going to commentEmbattled Boris CAN'T crush Labour six point lead - poll