Manchester United remain optimistic of signing Frenkie de Jong despite interest from Chelsea, according to reports. The Netherlands international’s long-term future at Barcelona is currently up in the air. However, he’s still expected to move to the Premier League this summer at a time where both Erik ten Hag and Thomas Tuchel are eying a deal. Manchester United opened talks with Barcelona for De Jong a huge 50 days ago. But they’ve still been unable to acquire the 25-year-old, who is Ten Hag’s top target as the Dutchman looks to build a dynasty at Old Trafford. United have been pushing to land De Jong but, now, Chelsea are also in the picture. The Blues have been credited with an interest in the Netherlands international at a time where Tuchel is looking to challenge for the Premier League title next season. But United, according to the Manchester Evening News, remain confident a deal can be struck. Barcelona chief Joan Laporta recently spoke out on De Jong, saying: "Frenkie de Jong is a Barcelona player. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez "We don’t want to sell him unless we have no other choice. "Of course we know there are offers for De Jong. But we don’t want to sell him.” Those comments came just days after the Barcelona chief had said: “There are clubs that want him, not just United. We have no intention of selling him, he wants to stay. “Frenkie is considered as one of the best midfielders in the world by all the experts. We are happy to have him. “I’m going to do everything I can in my power so that Frenkie stays here, but there’s also a salary issue and that would have to be adjusted.” Yet United believe that, contrary to Laporta’s comments, the Barcelona star is very much on the market. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen And while the Red Devils are confident, it seems like Chelsea are poised to miss out on this specific deal. United had been hoping De Jong would sign in time to fly out for their pre-season tour of Thailand and Australia. However, that hasn’t happened. Tyrell Malacia remains the only new recruit so far, with the Netherlands international arriving from Feyenoord. United are, though, expected to shortly confirm the arrival of Christian Eriksen on a free transfer. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team The Denmark international wasn’t expected to ever play football again after he suffered a cardiac arrest at the European Championships last summer. But after shining for Brentford, Eriksen is now poised to move to Old Trafford. United are pushing to recruit Lisandro Martinez, too, even though Arsenal are also eyeing the Ajax star. Yet they appear to be ahead of the Gunners in the race to land the Argentina international, who has spent the last three years playing under Ten Hag in Amsterdam. He recently insisted he was proud of his Ajax legacy, saying: “I am so proud of what I have achieved at Ajax and under Ten Hag. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. “I grew as a player and became an Argentinian international thanks to my development at Ajax. “And I even got to wear the captaincy armband for my country. “That was the day my father cried, it was very emotional. My mum cried too, my uncles, aunties, cousins, everyone. “The World Cup is definitely my goal. We have great players and we must all be ready for it. “We won the Copa America together and can do it again.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here