Apple TV+ has a fresh new psychological thriller for subscribers to sink their teeth into. Black Bird will be dropping on the streaming platform tomorrow (July 8) with episodes hitting the platform weekly. There is a total of six instalments in Black Bird, which is based on the true crime memoir In With The Devil: A Fallen Hero, A Serial Killer, and A Dangerous Bargain for Redemption by James Keene and Hillel Levin. Black Bird follows a high school football player and the son of a celebrated policeman who is thrown into jail for 10 years. His only chance of parole comes after he strikes a deal with the FBI to infiltrate a maximum-security prison for the criminally insane and befriend a suspected serial killer to elicit a confession before his appeal. In exchange, he will be given a shorter sentence but things are far from simple with questions arising about whether the would-be murderer is actually telling the truth. The show features an all-star cast and Express.co.uk looks at where you may recognise them from. READ MORE: Ray Liotta's final onscreen appearance unveiled in Apple TV trailer Jimmy Keene - Taron Egerton Hollywood actor Taron Egerton takes on the lead as Jimmy Keene, who cuts a deal with the FBI in exchange for freedom. Best known for his role in the Kingsman film franchise, Egerton has also played Sir Elton John in biopic Rocketman as well as starring in Eddie the Eagle, Testament of Youth, Robin Hood, and Legend. Some of his other credits include The Smoke, Lewis, Watership Down, and The Dark Crystal: Age of Resistance. He will next be starring the film Tetris in the role of Henk Rogers. Larry Hall - Paul Walter Hauser Actor and producer Paul Walter Hauser portrays disturbed serial killer Larry Hall, who is Jimmy’s ticket out of jail. Hauser has most notably starred in I, Tonya, BlacKkKlansman, Richard Jewell and Cruella. Viewers may also recognise him from Reno 911! as Jeffy Renee Chisholm and Netflix Karate Kid sequel series Cobra Kai as Raymond. Some of his other credits include Kingdom, Betas, Da 5 Bloods, Unbreakable Jimmy Schmidt, and Superstore. DON'T MISS...Will there be a Mindhunter season 3? [ANALYSIS]Mindhunter season 2: The case that haunts FBI agent John E.Douglas [INSIGHT]Mindhunter: 5 TV shows to watch if you loved the Netflix series [RECOMMENDATION] Big Jim Keene - Ray Liotta Late Hollywood legend Ray Liotta plays decorated police officer Big Jim Keene, Jimmy’s father who offers his son an out from incarceration. Black Bird is one of Liotta’s final performances before his death on May 26, 2022. The actor had a career dating back to the 1980s and his biggest roles were in Martin Scorsese's Goodfellas and Field of Dreams. Some of his more recent projects include Amazon Prime Video’s Hanna, Shades of Blue, Marriage Story, and Hubie Halloween.  Brian Miller - Greg Kinnear Hollywood star Greg Kinnear plays FBI agent Brian Miller, who connives Jimmy to go undercover and get vital evidence leading to the bodies of Hall’s other victims. Kinnear has appeared in countless movies from As Good as It Gets to Little Miss Sunshine to Sabrina, and You’ve Got Mail. Initially, appearing in movies, Kinnear has now been doing more TV work with appearances in Shining Vale, The Stand, and House of Cards. He will next be appearing in The Present which is filming and Sight which in post-production. Lauren McCauley - Sepideh Moafi Rounding off the main cast is German actress Sepideh Moafi as fellow FBI agent Lauren McCauley. Her previous projects include HBO’s The Deuce, Falling Water, Notorious, The L Word: Generation Q, and The Killing of Two Lovers. Other cast members include Robert Diago DoQui, Joe Williamson, Alexander Babara, Cecilia Leal, Rachel Whitman Groves, and Lawrence Turner,among others. Black Bird premieres on Apple TV+ on July 8