Now a major initiative is being unveiled on Monday by Truss, designed to unleash Britain’s post-Brexit potential. In an echo of Margaret Thatcher’s Enterprise Zones, which helped create Canary Wharf and London Docklands and laid the foundations for massive investment in places such as Liverpool, the Foreign Secretary wants to establish whole new towns and communities that will benefit from low tax and low regulation.  These “Investment Zones”, as they will be called, are designed to give existing businesses a massive boost and encourage entrepreneurs to set up new businesses there. Full details of how this will be achieved are still to be revealed, but new ideas are badly needed. This is a big one and it has great promise. The crisis facing care homes in the UK came into sharp and shocking focus during the pandemic, with hundreds of lives lost, and relatives not being able to see loved ones. At the time, the Government promised to put “care”, in all its forms, at the top of the political agenda. But today, the Express can reveal that only four in 10 care homes have been inspected since the start of the pandemic, meaning that many of the most vulnerable in our society could be living in substandard conditions with, at worst, their very lives being put at risk. This is a disgrace. Many of us have friends or family who have moved to care homes, and we expect that they should receive a high level of care. But how do we know for sure when so few have been subjected to in-person inspections?  Care home campaigners are pointing the finger at the Care Quality Commission regulator and accusing them of letting older people down. In turn, the CQC claims it is powerless to act because it is governed by regulations set by Parliament. One thing is certain: we will make it our task to ensure that the next Prime Minister champions the cause of the elderly and those who are unable to live independently. Football still has not come home – at least not since 1966. But now the England women’s team is on the verge of appearing in a major football final. Standing in their way tomorrow will be Sweden. The Lionesses will give their their all – and the rest of us will be roaring 