Sky users now have a brand new way to beam the satellite firm's content to TVs around the home. Almost a year after it was first announced, the Sky Go service is finally available to download and use on Apple TV devices. This means millions of customers can now simply plug these popular mini set-top boxes into any telly they happen to own with shows, movies and sports then beamed to the big screen via a broadband connection. It was originally thought that this upgrade would be available at the beginning of the year but things clearly took longer than Sky had originally planned. Anyone who wants to take advantage of this upgrade simply needs to start up their Apple TV box then head to the App Store and use the search function to find Sky Go. Once the application is downloaded the usual Sky Go log-in credentials and passwords are needed to get up and running. READ MORE: Best Sky Deals: Get discounts on TV packages with Sky Glass and Sky Q It is worth remembering that using Sky Go on Apple TV will count towards one of the six devices that are allowed to be used on this service. Once that's all done, many of the most popular shows, movies and sports will then be available to view on the big screen. Live TV can also be watched and there's full access to hours of on-demand content and boxsets. This update could be especially useful for anyone going on a staycation this summer as it means they can simply take the Apple TV with them and get access to all of their favourite Sky channels on another TV away from their home. Now, before you get too excited about this change there are some things to be aware of. Firstly, it appears that not all Sky customers are getting access to the Go app on Apple TV with reports suggesting that only those with Sky Q Multiscreen or Sky Glass Whole Home will be able to tune in. It also seems that not all channels are available via the Apple TV app although there are over 100 channels at launch. News of this Apple TV update comes as Sky has just launched a new channel called Sky Sci-Fi. This service replaces the Syfy channel and offers plenty of out-of-this-world content including zombie series Day of The Dead and movies such as Bullet Train Down, Thor: God of Thunder and Bram Stoker’s Dracula. Speaking about the channel upgrade, Zai Bennett, Managing Director, Content Sky UK and Ireland, said: “From space adventures to futuristic fantasy, Sky Sci-Fi will be joining the host of genre-led brands launched in the past year and will offer a new universe for viewers to explore."