Former footballer and TV presenter Alex Scott joined Iant Wright, Gabby Logan and Arsenal head coach Jonas Eidevall to kick off the women's Euro 2022 final on BBC One. As they all appeared smartly dressed to give their support to the Lionesses, Alex, in particular, caught the eye of the viewers as she wore a patriotic dress. Alex stunned in an all-black bodycon dress which had details of large red roses, paired with gold earrings and a slick back high ponytail. Amazed at her appearance, many excited viewers took to social media to express what they thought of her outfit. Mary Kinsella commented: "Wow! Alex Scott looks beautiful as ever and has shown her support with that very patriotic dress." Natalie Maltan added: "Alex Scott never fails to impress! She looks absolutely gorgeous. Come on, the Lionesses." READ MORE: Emmerdale DNA twist as fans 'work out' father of Charity's baby @Mary_Mary_Cont7 praised: "Well done to Alex Scott for not going overboard with the make-up and wearing a very simple style. Beautiful." @Chlo_BowX exclaimed: "I LOVE ALEX'S DRESS! She looks gorgeous." John Portman said: "Wanted to take a moment to congratulate the Lioness' no matter what the outcome but also Alex Scot... what a stunner". Paul Innings quipped: "I know this is about the Euro 2022 final and their performance, but Alex Scott and Ian Wright are looking so suave." (sic) Alex Scott played right-back for Arsenal in the FA WSL and made 140 appearances for the England national team. She also played for the Lionesses 140 times, including at the 2012 Olympics, before retiring in 2017 and receiving an MBE for her services to football. However, for the team, it was a sad loss in 2009, and Alex recently took to her own Twitter account to look back at the hurt. She tweeted: "The hurt in 2009 walking past that trophy and then having to watch as the Germans lifted it never left me as a footballer!! DON'T MISS...Alex Scott causes stir in figure-hugging cut-out dress at Euro 2022 [LATEST]Alex Scott's appearance at Euro 2022 as leaves BBC viewers distracted [WATCH]Alex Scott tops list of trailblazers in women's football, study finds [INSIGHT] "Hopefully, the emotions will be very different tomorrow. Goodnight & see you at Wembley @Lionesses." Speaking about their win on Tuesday, she exclaimed: "Is this real? What England have shown throughout this tournament, which is absolutely a credit to them, is all sides [of the game]. "You’ve seen them frustrated in their opening game, you’ve seen them blow away Norway, you’ve seen them on the ropes against Spain and today, a pure and intelligent England finding a way back into the game and brushing away Sweden. “Every single game England have had different players step up.” The Lioness' have stormed their way through the competition since first stepping foot onto the pitch and smashed Sweden 4-0 on Tuesday evening. Tonight they take on Germany in the final after Martina Voss-Tecklenburg's side beat France on Wednesday night (July 27). Euro 2022 final will take place at London's Wembley Stadium - the largest sports venue in the UK and the second-largest stadium in Europe, with 90,000 seats. Women's Euro 2022 Final is available to watch on BBC One and BBC iPlayer.