Whoever replaces him as Conservative leader and Prime Minister is going to be a different type of politician. What the nation needs is a dignified debate to determine the strongest person to lead this country through enormous challenges, including the cost of living crisis. Former Chancellor Rishi Sunak is first out of the traps, with the launch of his campaign. He and Boris had different ways of operating, but he is an accomplished performer in his own right. Mr Sunak provided strong and reassuring leadership from the Treasury during the Covid pandemic, protecting jobs through the furlough scheme and propping up the economy. He has also faced criticism over his wife’s tax affairs. It remains to be seen whether this will damage his standing with voters, but many are likely to feel it has no bearing on his ability to lead the country. Mr Sunak is an impressive candidate, but he will not be the only one. There is a wealth of talent in the Conservative Party and it will be good to see a cross-section of people, perhaps with different ideas, putting themselves forward. Conservatives must find the right person to lead them to victory at the next general election, and there will be enormous challenges between now and then. It is hugely important that the nation has the right person in place to steer us through what are undoubtedly very stormy waters ahead. ----------------------------- Energy is the hot topic The importance of tackling the soaring cost of living is illustrated by warnings that consumers could be paying over £3,300 a year on energy bills by winter. We are currently in the midst of a heatwave, and the price of fuel will be far from people’s minds. Come the winter, however, we are going to feel the full force of market conditions on gas and electricity prices. This is a challenge comparable to dealing with the Covid pandemic. The next Prime Minister, once they are in place, will need to protect the economy and take care of those who are forced to decide between heating their homes and eating. ----------------------------- Norrie’s the rising star Cameron Norrie wasn’t a household name before this year’s Wimbledon. But we’re all applauding him today, after his valiant showing against the defending champion, Novak Djokovic. He’s faced the world’s best and performed brilliantly. What’s more, he’s still at an early stage of what may turn out to be a glittering career with even greater achievements perhaps to come. -----------------------------