The Duchess of Cornwall is due to celebrate her 75th birthday on Sunday. Camilla, who has been married to Prince Charles for 17 years, has recently spoken out about her upcoming milestone birthday and in doing so, expressed how she counted her late father-in-law Prince Philip as her "role model" and how she intends on following "a motto" that he once said. Speaking on the latest Palace Confidential, royal expert Angela Levin discussed Camilla's family revelation. Ms Levin said: ""She [Camilla] said that she felt tha the Duke of Edinburgh was her role model. "[and that] she would follow a motto that he'd said. "[the motto] was 'look up, look out, say little and do more". The royal expert added: "She said that's what she is going to do". READ MORE: Kate and William to join Camilla and Charles in 'joint reign' in bid to avoid 'problems' Also speaking on the latest Palace Confidential was royal expert Robert Jobson. Mr Jobson said of Camilla: "She's very good at supporting the Prince [Charles]. "The Prince will take the lead and she's very well informed." He added: "She's very careful not to stray beyond them", adding that she very "focused". READ MORE: Queen told aides ‘Thank goodness Meghan is not coming’ on day of Philip’s funeral Speaking recently in a candid interview with Australia's Women's Weekly, the Duchess said: "The Duke of Edinburgh was always a very good ear. "He was a role model to me and a very good person to take advice from. "He always told me what he thought, which was very helpful, especially with things about the Army because I took over the Rifles [regiment] from him." DON'T MISS Royal Family LIVE: 'Explosive truth bombs' Prince Harry poised to p... [LIVE BLOG]Prince Harry 'fed up being the spare' as Duke reclaims 'power' [VIDEO]Prince Harry gearing up for 'big surprise launch' for tell-all book [REVEAL] In July 2020, Philip passed on the honorary title of Colonel-in-Chief of the Rifles to Camilla. Following the death of Prince Philip in April last year, Camilla took on another role from the Duke. This was the role of patronage of the Book Aid International, a charity working to create open access to books for everyone across the world. READ NEXT: