Princess Diana’s legacy and popularity with the public taught the Queen a different appeal that the Royal Family could have, with a stark contrast between the Queen’s traditional lack of public affection and silence compared to the Princess of Wales who was outspoken and more open to the public. In the aftermath of the tragedy of Diana’s death, the Queen was taught lessons about how to treat the future females of the monarchy and how to include them in the fold. According to 9Honey’s royal commentator Victoria Arbiter: “The Queen doesn’t want anyone to fail, she wants them to excel, and she likes to lead by example.” A turning point in the Queen’s approach came with a royal engagement soon after the wedding of Prince William and Kate Middleton in 2012 at Fortnum and Mason when she brought Camilla and Kate with her. Ms Arbiter said: “It was the first time the Queen had ever undertaken an engagement with two future Queen consorts. “It was an opportunity to lead by example, but it also signified the respect and approval for the women waiting in the wings.” Ms Arbiter added that this would have been frowned upon by the Queen Mother who believed the Monarch must always be front and centre at engagements and the rest of the family are a step behind. The Queen’s bombshell announcement that she wishes for the Duchess of Cornwall to become Queen Consort when Charles accedes the throne is a clear sign of her reshaping the Firm. While it not only places the two royal females at the fore of the Royal Family, it was also a strong message to the public of acceptance of the Duchess of Cornwall following backlash of the affair she had with Prince Charles. READ MORE: Boris Johnson’s popularity skyrockets in Ukraine The Duchess of Cambridge and the Queen have a warm relationship with Ms Arbiter saying: “She’s happy to see William so happy, he was allowed to marry for love and I think the Queen really enjoys that relationship.” During an interview, Kate recalled one Christmas that she made the Queen a jar of chutney which she saw had been put on the breakfast table the following day, and added that when the family visit the Queen will leave a small gift in the bedrooms of the Cambridge children. A source told Australia’s Now to Love: “For the next three generations, Her Majesty is acutely aware that the sovereign will be a man. “She wants to ensure the women supporting them or raising them are feeling very much included in the future, so she called Camilla and Kate to Windsor Castle last year for a bonding experience. DON'T MISS: Half of young Brits have seen pornography while underage - Study (POLL)Nicola Sturgeon should NOT be given IndyRef2 — 'Already had a vote!' (INSIGHT)Royal POLL: Should Meghan ‘bullying’ investigation findings be public? (POLL) “The Queen wanted to encourage Kate and Camilla to become close, so they have each other to lean on.” When Elizabeth became Queen at 25, she had the support of the Queen Mother and Princess Margaret, and it is logical that she would want the female members to feel the same support. The palace insider said: “We will see them [Kate and Camilla] united on a lot of issues, which was the Queen’s wish.” Once the Queen passes, Camilla and Kate will be following in the Queen’s footsteps and have been given the space and the training to do so by Her Majesty.