Graham Smith, CEO of Republic, branded the Sovereign Grant "a scam" after the Royal Household released its latest financial report for April 2021 to April 2022. Mr Smith, who leads a group campaigning for the abolition of the monarchy in the UK, claimed to Express.co.uk: "The Sovereign Grant should be scrapped, it is a scam. "It is designed to release the politicians of their obligation of properly discussing and deciding on budgets for the royals and to allow the royals to keep on taking more money off us every year regardless of what they actually need. "And the whole funding of the Royal Household needs to be completely overhauled." Asked how he believes the Royal Family should be funded by the public purse, the campaigner said: "You set up a Government department or a Justice department or any other and you have an annual budget in the same way that every other part of the state does. "This is a unique arrangement the royals have and it makes no sense whatsoever. "So you simply say, 'the Royal Household, as an institution, gets an annual budget' and the royals have to explain what they spend the money on, make it abundantly clear they are not spending any of it on themselves and it's all official and make the case for any further increases. "We do not owe any of them any of this money." Mr Smith's attack against the Sovereign Grant was challenged by royal commentator Richard Fitzwilliams, who said the current system funding the Royal Household is a "bargain" for the UK. The expert told Express.co.uk: "The way we fund the royals is a bargain for this country. READ MORE: Harry 'couldn't resist venting anger' after Palace 'refused demands' "The Sovereign Grant, based on 15 percent of the income from the Crown Lands, which George III handed over in exchange for the Civil List in 1760, is equivalent to 77p per person per year, excluding security. "This is the same as last year. It covers the salaries of the Royal Household, royal travel and repairs to palaces. "A refurbishment of Buckingham Palace, the first in well over half a century, is being carried out over 10 years. "This is by far the world’s best known royal palace and we saw how wonderfully well it was used for the Platinum Jubilee celebrations. "It should be emphasised that the Duchy of Cornwall pays for the Prince of Wales’s household, including the Duke and Duchess Cambridge. "The Queen funds senior working royals from her income from the Duchy of Lancaster. "This is a complicated system but it works extremely well. "Our monarchy is probably the most high profile in the world, royal tours are our best use of soft power, business and tourism are beneficiaries and they bring goodwill too. "The Queen, a symbol of national unity, can communicate as no one else can, as she showed when the pandemic struck. "Republic exist in a dreamworld, pretending the interest in the royals is worthless. It isn’t!" As noted by Mr Fitzwilliams, the core grant, which does not include the cost of the decade-long renovation works at Buckingham Palace, has remained the same when compared to the financial report of April 2020-2021. However, the total Sovereign Grant for 2021-2022 increased from £85.9million to £86.3million, a sum equivalent to £1.29 per person in the UK, the Palace stated. Moreover, the Queen had to dip into the Sovereign Grant reserve to cover the official expenditure, which the past year was 17 percent higher than the Sovereign Grant and the supplementary income earned. The Palace stated in its report the expenditure was driven up by an increase of 41 percent in the spending for the re-servicing of the Queen's official residence in London. The Sovereign Grant was introduced in April 2012 as a new way to fund the monarch's official duties. It replaced the Civil List Act 1760 which used to see the Treasury decide on the annual state expenditure on the monarchy and present its plan to the House of Commons. Between 2001 and 2010, the Civil List was fixed at £7.9million per year, raised to £13.7million in 2011.