Prince William's desire for privacy reportedly stemmed from his childhood, in particular following the death of his mother, the late Diana, Princess of Wales in 1997. Now the heir to the throne, who is second in the line of succession, has been deemed a "control freak" for the information that is allowed to go to the public about his family. Speaking on the latest Royal Round-Up, the Daily Express royal correspondent Richard Palmer discussed William's privacy needs. Speaking to host Pandora Forsyth, Mr Palmer discussed William's decision to keep his Covid diagnosis private in 2020. He said: "Prince William, shortly afterwards, went down with it [Covid] and kept it completely quiet. "He's, I would say, more of a control freak about what he wants the public to know about life and what he does." Mr Palmer added: "At the time, or when it finally did come out, I think as a result of a conversation he had [at a showbiz event], the argument was well, the Prime Minster [Boris Johnson] had got Covid, and was in hospital, the Prince of Wales had just had Covid and he [William] didn't want to alarm the public. READ MORE: 'Class system gone mad!’ John McEnroe blasted Royal Family’s role at Wimbledon "At the time, it might have been frightening for the public to think the future king, the next future king and the Prime Minister have all got Covid." The royal correspondent added: "I'm not particularly sure I buy that argument but that was the one that was put forward." Mr Palmer also noted that like William, Princess Anne, the Queen's only daughter, was previously private about one particular area of her life. He said: "I think it was Princess Anne's first grandchild was born, we kept asking the palace the name of the child [and] she wouldn't tell them. READ MORE: Prince William lets his mask slip as he is caught on video shouting 'no, no, no, F**K' "She didn't think it was anybody's business". The royal later let the news slip, casually, when speaking to a member of the public at a public Christmas service. Speaking previously during the ITV documentary Kate: The Making of a Modern Queen, royal commentator Katie Nicholl insisted wanted a private and quiet family life. She claimed that William "guards the privacy of his family more highly than anything else in his life". Ms Nicholl noted that "it doesn't take a psychologist to work out why", adding, "you only need to look at this own background". DON'T MISS "His relationship with his mother, what happened to her, the untimely death and preceding that the breakdown of the marriage with Prince Charles", Ms Nicholl added. She concluded: "Everything played out in the media, poured over in the press and he hated it. "You can completely understand why all he wants is a quiet family life, out of the limelight." William is currently second in line to the throne, followed by his eldest son, Prince George. READ NEXT: