Chelsea remain interested in Juventus centre-back Matthijs de Ligt, although Bayern Munich were thought to have emerged as the frontrunners to sign the Dutchman. But with the Bundesliga champions unwilling to match his £60million valuation, Chelsea may see De Ligt move to Stamford Bridge after all. Bayern are reluctant to pay £60m for Juventus defender De Ligt which could hand the advantage to Chelsea, according to The Telegraph. De Ligt is a man in demand, and it's no surprise after a solid season for Juventus which saw him score three goals from the back in 31 Serie A appearances. It may not have been the best season for Juventus compared to their high standards, but they secured Champions League football, and De Ligt was one of their standout stars. As a result, Chelsea and Bayern have registered serious interest, with the German giants looking to secure long-term options in defence. But Juventus want £60m for the 22-year-old, which is so far proving too much for Bayern as they refuse to part with that amount of cash. JUST IN: Man Utd 'open' to Cristiano Ronaldo transfer due to Erik ten Hag  Splashing large sums of money is not the German way, and if Sadio Mane wasn't entering the final year of his deal it's unlikely that Bayern would have brought him to the club at all. Bayern's defensive options are shaping up nicely, with Alphonso Davies, Dayot Upamecano and Noussair Mazraoui ready to make up their back-line for the long-term. But there's room for one more, although De Ligt appears to be out of their price range, as £60m is way over what they were looking to spend. This is music to the ears of Chelsea, who are in desperate need of options for next season after a series of departures.   Chelsea have gone from being one of the best defensive Premier League sides to a club in demand, as Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen have both left on free transfers. Cesar Azplicueta and Marcos Alonso are also linked with a move away, and Chelsea could begin next season with very few choices at the back. De Ligt has been highlighted as the potential solution, along with Benjamin Pavard and Jules Kounde who have also been linked. Now that Bayern appear to have pulled out of the race, that leaves Chelsea free to make an offer. 