Coronation Street couple Phill (played by Jamie Kenna) and Fiz's (Jennie McAlpine) short-lived romance was a whirlwind that ended in heartbreak for Phill. Fiz revealed to Phill shortly after their ceremony that she had regretted her decision before running back to Tyrone Dobbs (Alan Halsall) and working on their relationship. Phill decided he didn't want to give up on their love story and went to drastic measures to try and prove to Fiz that he was the one for her. However, in upcoming scenes, Phill is set to give up on his dreams. Is this end for Phill, or will he stick around under the radar? In upcoming scenes, Phill finally hands Fiz the signed annulment and ends their ongoing battle. After a celebratory dinner, the family return home, and Hope Stape (Isabella Flanagan) opens her tablet to see a string of messages from a player called Mad Dog. Using their walkie-talkies, Hope and Sam Blakeman (Jude Riordan) discuss Mad Dog and Sam reckons he fancies her. The unknown player could be someone just wanting to play the game with Hope, but could Phill have gone to drastic measures and created a fake account to still feel connected to Fiz? READ MORE: Harry and Meghan 'not showing love' claims royal author Levin If things progress, Hope could form a strong friendship with the mystery player and agree to meet them. Could it be Phill hiding in the shadows waiting to take his revenge on Fiz, kidnapping her daughter? When Fiz and Tyrone first decided to give their relationship another go, she begged him to not tell Phill they were back together over fears he would delay the annulment. Making one last attempt to save their relationship Phill proposed they go to couples counselling. However, Fiz was left red-faced when she came face to face with the same counsellor that she and Tyrone had already been seeing. With the counselling not working, Phill finally accepted that the marriage was really over and headed to the Rover's in order to sign the annulment, He soon realised his phone was missing and returned to the counsellor's office but was horrified to see Fiz and Tyrone in the middle of their own session. Things went from bad to worse as Phill said his goodbyes to Hope and Ruby Dobbs (Macy Alabi), with Hope accidentally revealing Fiz and Tyrone spent their wedding night together. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Debbie arrested as risky plan backfires [INSIGHT]Coronation Street theory: Double exit for Platt family  [LATEST]Coronation Street theory: Kelly murders Gary in revenge twist  [WATCH] Heartbroken at her betrayal, this was the final straw and he berated the couple in the Rovers, referring to the annulment paperwork as Fiz’s own "declaration of independence". Phill declared war on the couple and stormed away, leaving the pair feeling guilty and embarrassed in front of the pub. The fury Phill felt for Fiz and Tyrone could push him over the edge, going to the extreme of hitting Fiz where it hurts - Hope. Fans have been heartbroken since Fiz left Phill, but when he stormed into the counsellor's office, many had issues with the scene. Taking to Twitter, Rachel Maines fumed: "Yeah, as if they would have allowed reception to be unstaffed so that anyone could walk in on that counselling session. Even so, wouldn't there have been some sort of indication on the door showing that a private meeting was taking place? #Corrie." @Corrie_Fan_90 added: "Phill just bursts in, not looking, not apologising, just bursts in on a private therapy session! Remind me never to see a therapist. Looks so unprofessional." Vicky Darling claimed: "In the middle of counselling and says come in what happened to confidentially, come on writers do your job and bring this to an end, it’s so predictable now. #Corrie." (sic) Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8pm on ITV.