The cleaning content creator, Carolina McCauley from Perth, suggested a "magic dust repellent". She used five simple ingredients to make the mixture, which it is claimed can repel dust. Ingredients Method Use the mixture once a week to keep dust away for longer. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch's amazing bathroom transformation at 'Hinch Farm' - 'absolutely gorgeous' Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Olive oil is said to help repel dust by the content creator who has a huge 2.2 million followers on her Instagram account @carolina.mccauley. It also helps to pick up dust when rubbed over surfaces, as well as having a conditioning effect on some. Olive oil has been known to restore the look of wood furniture and of leather. The vinegar in the homemade spray contains acetic acid, which acts as a natural disinfectant. However, using it does come with a warning as it came to damage some surfaces including natural stone. DON'T MISSKim Woodburn's method to 'get the muck off' your washing machine [EXPERT] Make your rattan set 'last even longer': Vital cleaning advice [HOW TO] Kim Woodburn's 10 minute daily cleaning routine [GUIDE] Olive oil is not just good for dust, there are a number of other uses for it around the house too. There are a number of tips and tricks to keep dust out of your home. Keep windows and doors closed The best way to keep dust away is to not bring it inside. Keep windows and doors shut and leave your shoes by the door. Pet control Pets are big carriers of dust thanks to their fluff. Keep your pets clean and groom them outside to keep dust away. Vacuum often Vacuum often to prevent dust from building up. Use a good-quality vacuum cleaner to trap the dust. Look for a vacuum cleaner with a high-efficiency particulate air filter to help you. Use a sock for blinds Blinds trap a lot of dust and can be tricky to clean. One popular cleaning hack is to use a sock. Pull the sock over your hand and then run your hands along the blinds to pick up dust. Change your sheets Wash your sheets weekly to keep dust at bay.