Connor Thomas Eynon, 24, had taken his mother's car without permission when he drove into a car full of people. When one of the passengers got out of the car, he drove into her, a court heard yesterday.  He pleaded guilty to eight motoring offences, and his case was sent to Caernarfon Crown Court where he will be sentenced next month the Daily Post reports. Prosecutor Diane Williams said a woman and her four passengers had been travelling in their Vauxhall Corsa car on the A487 at Bontnewydd at 12.20am on February 24 this year. They stopped at traffic lights and went through roadworks. They were then suddenly jerked forwards and one passenger shouted "Crash!" The prosecutor said a 17-year-old witness said that "someone had come out of nowhere and gone into the back of the car". The witness said she felt angry because one of their group was pregnant. She got out and walked over to the large white Peugeot car behind them, expecting the driver to wind down their window "When I was two metres from the bonnet ... I saw the car drive forwards towards me," she explained. The car hit the right side of her body and she fell to the ground.  She said workmen nearby told her she had "flown into the air". She injured her wrist and was shocked. "He (the driver) had just tried to kill me and I could have died," she said. The court heard the Peugeot driver went home and put the keys back where he had found them. But one of its registration plates had fallen off at the scene of the collisions. Police were alerted and traced the registered keeper, who was the defendant's mother. Officers went to the address and found Eynon sitting on a sofa. The prosecutor said the defendant told the police: "I know what this is about." Eynon, of Bontnewydd, north Wales, accepted it was his fault and he was arrested. He was tested for drugs and found to have a reading of 74 microgrammes of a cannabis derivative, when the legal limit is 50mg. He had also been under the influence of alcohol with a 61 microgramme reading in 100 millilitres of breath. The legal limit is 35mg.  Eynon admitted aggravated vehicle taking, dangerous driving, drug and drink driving charges, driving without a full licence or third party insurance, failing to stop and failing to report a road accident. The prosecution claimed it was significantly bad driving and should be sent to crown court for sentencing. Magistrates chairman Elfed ap Gomer told Eynon they didn't accept jurisdiction and committed the case to Caernarfon Crown Court for a hearing next month. They granted the defendant unconditional bail until then. 