The ex-model wife of the Top Gear star said she's "feeling really quite raw and all over the place”. It follows speculation about the state of their 11-year marriage after they were spotted having a row. Paddy, 48, failed to back Christine, 34, on ITV’s The Games and they went on separate holidays last month. The mum of three bravely admitted: “What I might have put up with in the past, I probably wouldn’t put up with now, and the same for him.” Christine said: “I can’t deny we are having a very, very difficult time. “It’s just — we’ve been together 15 years, 11 years married: we are gonna have ups and downs — but this situation at the minute — I don’t want to go into it too much but I will just say that I didn’t cause this situation.” READ MORE: Coleen and Wayne Rooney in loved up display at Wimbledon with son Kai Her comments in an interview with Fabulous magazine follow rumours about their relationship. Paddy failed to support Christine when she appeared on ITV’s The Games in May and they went away on separate holidays last month. The couple was pictured in last week’s Sun on Sunday looking glum as they reportedly had a disagreement in his Mercedes G Class Wagon, in Macclesfield, Cheshire. Christine added: "You know, that family bond will always be there no matter what but yeah, I was a teenager when I met him and I’m a 34-year-old woman now, so I suppose what I might have put up with in the past, I probably wouldn’t put up with now and same for him.” Last week, Christine addressed rumours of a marriage rift with a cryptic social media post on Instagram reading “talk about trust before you talk about love.” She also wrote: “This year I met the most broken version of me, but also the strongest," and added, “There is only one thing I want to make clear right now. I didn’t put us in this situation." Last month Christine enjoyed a five-day girls’ holiday in Croatia with her new BFF (best friend forever) Chelcee Grimes, 30. Christine and Chelcee — who met when they appeared on The Games — were with three other female pals. It was Christine’s first solo trip abroad in years. DONT MISS:Alex Scott's first date nightmare with Coronation Street actor (PHOTOS)Shirley Bassey, 85, defies her age in stunningly glamorous display (NEWS)Lenny Von Dohlen dead: Twin Peaks actor dies at 63 after long illness (LATEST) She went away after Paddy had previously taken a ten day break in Portugal with his mates. Speaking about her close friendship with the former footballer and songwriter Chelcee for the first time, Christine told Fabulous: “Chelcee is my soul sister. “Just straight away from the day I met her; I just loved her.” Christine is due to fly off later this month on holiday to Spain — but this time with Paddy and their children.  Fans had observed that the Top Gear and Question of Sport presenter didn't attend The Games — in which celebrities competed in sporting events. Last week the model also posted a cryptic quote on Instagram shortly after insisting that there were no problems in her relationship with Paddy. She shared: "This year I met the most broken version of me, but also the strongest."