Suzy's (played by Martelle Edinborough) connection to the late Holly Barton (Sophie Powles) has sent shockwaves around Emmerdale, with her relationship with Vanessa Woodfield (Michelle Hardwick) over and her friendship with Leyla Harding (Roxy Shahidi) a distant memory. Matty Barton (Ash Palmisciano) swore revenge on the woman who gave his sister money for the drugs which killed her, making a deal with his uncle, Mackenzie Boyd (Lawrence Robb). However, it seems he goes ahead with a plan without Moira Barton's (Natalie J Robb) brother as he spots an opportunity to get rid of Suzy in next week's episode of the ITV soap. The drama continues from the fallout of Suzy's secret as Leyla receives a visit from her former friend's drug dealer, Callum. He turns up at the Take A Vow office to tell the businesswoman he will give her cash if she stores his drugs in the vicinity. As the business is struggling at the moment, Leyla decides to accept the job but she knows this isn't the right thing to do. By the time the next day comes around, the mother of one is already anxious but her doubts are heightened when Callum turns up with a much larger bag than Leyla expected. When the drug dealer ends up giving her some extra money, she doesn't know what to do as her head and her heart is telling her different things. READ MORE: ‘Floundering’ Harry’s US ambitions savaged by Sharon Osbourne Later on, in the week, Suzy is surprised to see her drug dealer standing outside the Take A Vow office and asks him if he is dealing with Leyla now. Unfortunately, Matty misreads the situation as he watches the two characters talking as he believes it is a drug deal in which Suzy is buying the cocaine. As Matty jumps to the wrong assumptions, Suzy interrogates Leyla about whether she is back on the cocaine but she lies through her teeth and explains she is drug-free. When they both leave the office, Matty goes inside for an inspection and finds the holdall of drugs which he thinks Suzy has taken. Unsure of what to do in the moment, he grabs the bag and makes a run from it but the next day, he has a plan in mind. Needing Suzy to take responsibility for what she did, he plants the holdall of cocaine in the back of the businesswoman's car. At the same time as he's doing this, Rhona Goskirk's (Zoë Henry) hen party is in full swing at The Hide. Matty is furious to see Suzy there and he wastes no time in telling her exactly what he thinks of her, which leads her to leave. As she gets in her car and drives off, Matty calls the police as he reports there is a substantial amount of drugs in the vehicle. With the drugs no longer in Leyla's possession, she faces danger as Callum tells her he will not be responsible for his actions if she doesn't return them. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Michelle Hardwick expecting second baby with wife [COMMENT] 'My love!' Emmerdale's Isabel Hodgins at brunch with co-star [COMMENT]Liam Fox married to Hollyoaks star before old girlfriend reunion [ANALYSIS] However, she might not be able to get her hands on the drugs if the police do end up apprehending Suzy after Matty's tip-off. If the police decide to arrest Suzy, although she claims the drugs are not hers, she could be charged with drug dealing. This could mean she will end up spending some considerable time behind bars as Matty's revenge plan will seem to have worked. Could this be the end of Suzy's time in the village as she goes down for a crime she didn't commit? The actor who plays Matty, Ash, has spoken about his character's desire for revenge and how this will impact him going forward. Discussing the motivation for getting revenge, Ash said: "He wants to prevent her doing again in the village what she did to her sister. "Matty’s a good guy, he’s not vindictive and feels he has a strong moral compass and feels he has to stop her from what she’s been doing. "He really believes it is the best for everybody and it’s going to stop further people from dying in the future. "He really believes that she is an awful person that doesn’t care about young people. He wants to stop her from dealing drugs, especially on his home turf – he’s not happy about that. He wants to put a stop to it." Asked if the goal if for Suzy to spend time in jail, the actor added: "Definitely, he wants her to go to prison to pay for what she’s done." "Not only to avenge his sister, but to all the other people who are supposedly under her spell," he continued to explain. "He’s convinced Suzy is taking advantage of Leyla as well and is no good. So, he wants her to go to prison for what she’s done. "But also so that his pain and guilt is dealt with – he won’t feel bad for not being there for Holly because he’s sorted it now with his revenge." Will Matty's plan work and could this really be the end of the road for Suzy after just months of being part of the village community? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.