Wayne Rooney will be allowed to leave his managerial post at DC United for free if a Premier League club tries to snap him up in the not-too-distant future, according to reports. Rooney was confirmed as DC United's new permanent boss earlier this month after leaving his previous role at Derby County at the end of last season. The former Manchester United striker has wasted no time in getting back on the saddle with the MLS club and has penned a multi-year deal that runs until the summer of 2024. A move to the Premier League could soon be on the cards for Rooney, though, due to a unique clause that has been inserted into his contract with his new employers.The clause permits Rooney to leave DC United for a top-flight English club if an offer is tabled during his time on the other side of the Atlantic, according to the Daily Mail. The 36-year-old's family are believed to be staying in the UK while Rooney takes on his next challenge, while the man himself is determined to take charge of a Premier League club at some point in the future. Rooney has often been mentioned in connection with future roles in charge of Manchester United or Everton, the clubs that are closest to his heart from his playing days in the Premier League. However, it remains to be seen whether he will earn his stripes at DC United as he looks to raise his managerial stock by succeeding over the course of his spell in America's capital city. JUST IN: Man Utd facing major Ronaldo transfer headache after 'fake' rumour The England legend watched on from the stands as DC United were held to a draw by Columbus Crew on Thursday evening before losing at the hands of Minnesota United on Saturday. He will be looking to pick up where he left off with his new club after an impressive spell in charge of Derby despite failing to keep them in the Championship amid a 21-point deduction over the course of last season. He left the Rams before the completion of their recent takeover before returning to DC United in order to resume his coaching career in the MLS. Rooney made no secret of his desire to manage at the highest level in his introductory press conference by insisting that he will need to put in the hard yards in order to earn a shot in the Premier League over the coming years."I've seen a few articles, certainly back in England, on this as possibly a backwards step in my managerial career and I really found that a bit disrespectful to this league," Rooney told reporters after being unveiled by DC United last week. "I think as a player, playing in the main of my career at the top level, you can really choose which club you want to go to. "As a manager I'm at the beginning of that journey. I'm at a point in my managerial career where I have to put the work in, I have to put the hours in."Of course, I'm an ambitious person, I want to manage at the top level and this is part of that process, in terms of coming here, trying to develop this club, trying to get success here, but also develop myself as a manager." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here