Scottish entrepreneur Robert Kilgour lashed out at Nicola Sturgeon's "desperate" attempt to hold a second Scottish independence referendum meant to cover up for the mess she has created. Nicola Sturgeon’s SNP party is facing an NHS shortage crisis and a cost-of-living crisis, which opposition leaders say, is completely ignored. As a result, Scotland has become the region in Europe with the second-highest drug-related death rate and has seen cancer patients face four-month delays to start their treatment. Against that backdrop, Mr Kilgour slammed: "The independence announcement of an independence referendum by Nicola Sturgeon, in my view, was a desperate act – a distraction act – by a failing administration. "I mean, what they should be doing is working with the UK government on economic recovery post-pandemic. "In fact, people are still dying week by week from Covid. "Economic recovery should be the number one priority that the Scottish government should be working with the UK government – and the recovery post-pandemic."  "Offer public services, education and health," Mr Kilgour said. "That’s what we should be doing – not this. "An old client of mine, David Copperfield, the illusionist, is kind of out with his playbook. "It’s a distraction from the day-to-day, the day jobs failures that the Scottish government have." Despite the mounting issues affecting Scots, Nicola Sturgeon is pressing ahead with a second independence referendum. In a show of force, she is now trying to bypass Boris Johnson’s consent and has directly asked the Supreme Court to give a ruling on the legality of Indyref2. READ MORE: IDS crushes Sturgeon's Indyref2 as ‘ridiculous’ distraction If she cannot hold one, she has threatened to make independence her main policy message in the next General Election. The last time an independence referendum took place in Scotland was in 2014 under former First Minister Alexander Salmond. A majority of Scots then voted to remain in the United Kingdom. But this time around, Nicola Sturgeon is hoping to capitalise on the outcome of Brexit to rally support around her cause. In 2016, Scots overwhelmingly voted to remain in the European Union. But because of the UK’s leave vote, Scotland was dragged with the rest of the country into leaving the EU. DON'T MISS:Will Keir Starmer strike a coalition deal with Nicola Sturgeon? [EXPLAINER]Sturgeon blasted for £20m spending on independence 'obsession' [REPORT]Scotland facing EXODUS of companies after Sturgeon unveils indyref bid [INSIGHT] Despite Nicola Sturgeon’s announcement of her Government’s roadmap to a vote next year, Boris Johnson’s position has remained unchanged. If the court approves Indyref2, Nicola Sturgeon will have free reins to pass her Referendum Bill at Holyrood to hold a vote on 19 October 2023. The court won’t be heard until September with a decision expected in December. READ NEXT:Could Keir Starmer ally with Nicola Sturgeon? NEW poll reveals voters in Scotland REJECT Sturgeon’s indy pushPOLL: Should Boris call Sturgeon's bluff and call 2023 election?Boris urged to call Sturgeon's 'bluff' over Scottish independence poll'Nonsense!' 'Tory takes' aim at Sturgeon over SNP's record on NHS