The Levelling Up Fund, the Shared Prosperity Fund, the Towns and High Street Fund are doing a great job in directly improving the quality of life in many communities across the country. But we need to take this agenda further. It is a key promise to the Britain that voted for us and it is a central plank of my vision for the country. With levelling up, we have the opportunity to create a win-win. To take pressure off the areas where house prices are increasingly unaffordable, where pressure for housing development is often more intense, and where getting from A to B can be more difficult on our congested roads and rail. We can’t create a perfectly equal society or a perfectly balanced economy. But we can and must give more people the chance to get on in life and get a good education and a good job. I am an engineer, and a problem solver. And I look at problems in the round. First, we need to be honest about the trade-offs between levelling up and other goals. Driving up energy costs to hit net zero, for example, comes at a greater cost for those places and parts of our economy that are still industrial. We do need to decarbonise, but if we load British industry up with costs which overseas firms don’t face, all we achieve is offshoring jobs– and do nothing to solve climate change. New green industries will grow in these areas, but we cannot sacrifice existing jobs and livelihoods there now. Secondly, with the right policy agenda, we can ensure levelling up - not in a superficial way but because we are fixing the root of wider economic problems. Take skills. Ever since Tony Blair set an arbitrary target for half of young people to go to university, we’ve been throwing billions at Higher Education, while numbers of apprenticeships are tightly capped each year. Given that five years after graduation, level 4 apprentices earn more than the average graduate, this is the wrong approach for our young people. We need to also relentlessly focus on coasting schools. Thirdly, we need a focus on getting the private sector more evenly spread – especially overseas investment. Mrs Thatcher used tax breaks to get Nissan to invest in Sunderland, and more recently we’ve done similar things to get investment in electric vehicles and batteries into the North East.  We must go further. Unless it is built on a solid foundation of attracting private sector investment and jobs, no other aspect of levelling up will ever succeed.Geographically, we need to recognise our economy has changed, and broaden the number of places that levelling up must help. For a long time, government policy has been overly focussed on the inner cities. But now our largest cities have been growing faster than the rest of the country. Levelling up is about Stoke and Bodmin as much as Birmingham, and Hartlepool as much as central Newcastle. Rural and coastal areas can have the lowest earnings, lowest productivity, lowest school achievement and the most limited opportunities for young people. Levelling up has to be about helping these communities, not just the centres of our biggest cities. If I become Prime Minister, I will build on the current levelling up agenda to deliver jobs and prosperity for the people of this country.