Arsenal are reportedly monitoring Bayern Munich winger Serge Gnabry and watching what Manchester United and Manchester City do with both of their Premier League rivals said to be looking with more intent at a deal for the player. Gnabry is out of contract with Bundesliga champions Bayern in 12 months' time. The Germany international could be on his way back to England having previously been on Arsenal's books, graduating from their academy. He made just 10 first-team appearances for the Gunners and after an unsuccessful loan at West Brom joined Werder Bremen for £5million in 2016. Now 26, Gnabry is a completely transformed player and is an integral member of the Bayern squad having joined them in 2017 after a single season with Bremen. The versatile attacker scored 17 times and added 10 assists in 45 appearances for Bayern last season. Yet he currently seems set to depart the Allianz Arena as a free agent next summer, or could even be on the move this summer at the right price. And CBS Sports' Ben Jacobs reports that Arsenal have their former player Gnabry on their radar but that for now his situation is merely being watched. MUST READ: De Jong to Man Utd delay explained with Barcelona facing £17m problem It is claimed that the winger, who can play across the front-line, would cost closer to £50m this summer than the £35m price tag being touted in some reports. The Manchester duo of Premier League champions City and United are both looking at a deal for Gnabry but nothing is advanced. The pair may need more attackers as Cristiano Ronaldo appears likely to leave United this summer and City's Raheem Sterling is joining Chelsea, leaving Riyad Mahrez as their only out-and-out winger though others can play there. Arsenal are currently only monitoring what their rivals do despite admiring Gnabry. The north Londoners currently have other priorities, having looked at Leeds United winger Raphinha who is also liked by Chelsea and Barca. Arsenal are said to be aware that Gnabry would be more likely to pick United or City at present. DON'T MISS...De Jong to Man Utd delay explained with Barcelona facing £17m problemChelsea could still sign De Ligt as Bayern firm on transfer refusalMan Utd 'improve Antony transfer bid' as star eyed to replace Ronaldo United can pay higher wages than them while City offer a guarantee of competing for trophies, having won four of the last five league titles, and are annually among the clubs into the Champions League knockout rounds. It's said there is no indication Arsenal will move for Gnabry any time soon but still have the forward as an option in their back pocket. They will hope if they ever do firm up their interest that his ties to the club give them an advantage over any rival suitors. Gabriel Jesus meanwhile became Arsenal's fourth signing on Monday as he completed a £45m switch from City. Mikel Arteta said: "He is used to winning and he knows that winning is the only way to do it. I think he will set different standards at the club. "We need to get the right balance between players in the first phase of their development, as well as those that are starting to hit the peak in their career. In Gabby's case, for a striker it is still very early at 25, but he started really early too so all that experience is going to be very beneficial."