The Braemar Gathering is traditionally attended annually by the Queen. The last event was held back in 2019, with the last two years being cancelled due to the Covid pandemic. Each September, the Queen is in attendance and has been present almost every year during her 70-year reign, but this year, due to a change in the royal routine, the 96-year-old could be set to miss the event. Speaking on the latest episode of the Daily Express' Royal Round-Up, royal correspondent Richard Palmer discussed the Queen's potential absence. Mr Palmer said: "How much we are going to see of the Queen this year, is an interesting question. "I was talking to somebody who knows the estate very well yesterday. "He was saying [that] he really doubted whether we would see her [the Queen] at the Braemar Gathering this year." He added spoke on whether we would see her at church. READ MORE: 'Monumental row’ Harry and Meghan in bust-up ahead of major royal event Mr Palmer: "Well, she hasn't really gone to church in pubic much at all since the pandemic began". He added; "When she was up in Balmoral last year, and the year before if I remember rightly, she didn't go to church on the grounds that, as far as I was aware, there were restrictions on how many people could be in church. "[and also] what they could do there." He noted that because of this, the Queen 'didn't want to attract a crowd", so she chose not to go. The royal expert noted that he would be "surprised" if she does go to church. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Kate and William hatch new masterplan to scupper Meghan and Harry in US Aside from the covid restrictions, the Queen has missed various events, particularly over the course of the past year, due to ongoing health struggles. For some time, the Queen has been suffering with episodic mobility problems. This has led to a decrease in in-person royal duties and an increase in royal responsibility for other members of the Royal Family, in particular the next in line to the throne, Prince Charles. The Queen has held some duties virtually. DON'T MISS Despite concerns surrounding her health, the Queen made a visit to Scotland earlier this month to begin a week of royal events. The decision for the 96-year-old to travel to Edinburgh was only confirmed last minute. During the visit to Scotland, the monarch was joined by the Earl and Countess of Wessex for a traditional ceremony opening the Royal Family's Holyrood week. READ NEXT: