The monarch is known to champion a "never complain, never explain" mantra. But the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, who dramatically quit Royal Family life to live in the US with their young family, have thrown this approach aside in recent years by giving a series of bombshell interviews that have lifted the lid on life inside the Firm. And now Prince Harry is gearing up to release his own personal memoir, which he promises will offer an "accurate and wholly truthful" portrayal of his Royal Family experience. The Duke of Sussex is thought to be primed to publish his new book "by Christmas", with the memoir having gone through the final legal checks. A publishing source told The Sun: "The manuscript has been finished and gone through all of the legal processes. "It’s done and out of Harry’s hands. "The publishing date has been pushed back once but it is on track for the end of the year." READ MORE: 'We know what’s been going on' Netflix urged to pull plug on Sussexes But the book's publication is thought to have left Harry's brother, William, facing a difficult dilemma. Commenting on developments, royal expert Duncan Larcombe claimed to the Daily Beast: "Once the book is out, William will have to make a decision about what he is going to do about Harry. "But he is not going to do a thing until he knows what is on every page of that book. "The reality is that if, as a senior member of the Royal Family, you have written a tell-all book, you have broken rule number one of the Royal Family." Harry's as-of-yet untitled memoir threatens to open fresh rifts within the Royal Family as the Firm reels from the Sussexes' dramatic exit from Britain. Its publication comes after Harry and Meghan unleashed a series of claims about the Firm during their now-infamous Oprah Winfrey interview last year. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex briefly returned to the UK for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee in June in what was their first public appearance together in Britain since they quit as senior royals, a move dubbed Megxit. They were said to have received a "frosty reception" at the time and were noticeably absent from a lunch gathering with senior members of the Firm after they stepped out for the service of thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral in London. More recently Harry was granted the prestigious opportunity of speaking at the UN on Nelson Mandela Day. DON'T MISSKate and William silence Sussex fans after Cambridges flooded with US media demands [INSIGHT]Princess Beatrice sparked private security row after bag stolen on beach holiday [VIDEO]Prince Harry's whole life is muted angry cry of 'what about me!?' says JUDY FINNIGAN [COMMENT] The Duke used his keynote speech to launch a broadside against what he described as a "global assault on democracy and freedom". He added that climate change was “wreaking havoc on our planet, with the most vulnerable suffering most of all". But while many supporters of the Sussexes lauded the Duke's speech, some were quick to criticise him and question his suitability for such an important platform. Speaking about the appearance, royal expert Jonathan Sacerdoti claimed: "He’s literally completely unqualified to have anything important to tell to people, but instead he’s using his position as somebody in the British Royal Family to spread what he sees as an important message." The commentator added that he was "not disputing whether it’s an important message or not," but rather "disputing" the messenger. In his speech, the Duke also spoke about his late mother Princess Diana's meeting with the former South African leader in March 1997, and how he "sought solace" in Africa following her death. Harry also lashed out at a recent US Supreme Court decision to overturn the controversial Roe v Wade ruling, which, since 1973, had granted abortion rights across the 50 states. But his words were mocked by Justice Samuel Alito in a public dressing down this week. Speaking in Rome during a conference on religious liberty hosted by the University of Notre Dame Law School, the conservative Catholic judge said in a sarcastic tone: "What really wounded me, what really wounded me, was when the Duke of Sussex addressed the United Nations and seemed to compare the decision, whose name may not be spoken, with the Russian attack on Ukraine."