Brits saw the hottest day on record this month, with temperatures reaching 40.3C in some parts of the country. But weather forecasters at the BBC have complained of trolling over reports of the heatwave, with people taking to social media to confront them.  According to the BBC, the team received “hundreds of abusive tweets or emails” questioning their reports and telling them to “get a grip”. Matt Taylor, a meteorologist who has worked at the BBC for nearly 25 years, said he has never experienced anything like it. The Royal Meteorological Society has spoken out against the trolling. The abuse seems to have been prompted by links to the heatwave and climate change being made.  The UK saw its hottest day ever on July 19, as 15 fire services declared a state of emergency following a number of reports of blazes up and down the country. The Met Office estimated the heatwave had been made 10 times more likely thanks to climate change. Matt Taylor said: "It's a more abusive tone than I've ever received. I switched off a bit from it all as it became too depressing to read some of the responses." Met Office and Royal Meteorological Society forecasters were also targeted.Members of the latter body faced "public ridicule, accusations of lying or suggestions of being blackmailed", said Royal Meteorological Society chief executive Professor Liz Bentley.  READ MORE: London hit with electricity shortage as capital 'running out' "Anecdotally, abusive comments increase when the message about climate change is intrinsic to the story," she said. Met Office lead meteorologist Alex Deakin said "it's scary in some ways", adding: "I find it more frustrating and offensive for my colleagues - some of the great minds in climate science. Show a bit of respect and do a bit more research rather than just believe Bob down the pub or Tony on YouTube." Tweets referred to presenters as “snowflakes” and the “woke-brigade”.Other tweets accused the Met Office and BBC of spreading “alarmism” and “hysteria” as they were told to “stop scaremongering”. People also took to social media to share their experience of the 1976 heatwave on social media, with some claiming this heatwave was “no different”.  DON'T MISS:Putin facing 'emergency situation' as 'Doomsday plane' breached [COMMMENT]Piers Morgan panel stunned as guest defends Russia invasion [INSIGHT]Man comes home to find family dog eating wife's 'mutilated' body [PICTURES] The peak temperature in 1976 was 35.9C, more than four degrees lower than the 40.3C recorded on 19 July. BBC meteorologist Tomasz Schafernaker said: "What frustrates me most is when I'm accused of twisting the truth. As meteorologists, we report facts. There is no conspiracy." Jennifer Bartram, BBC North East's weather forecaster, linked the level of abuse with what she saw as high-level climate disinformation circulating."I've noticed abuse getting nastier and more personal, and it's pretty demoralising when you're trying to do your job." Matt Taylor said covering the heatwave was "really emotional" and it felt "like a real turning point in public attitude and realisation to what has happened to our climate." He added: "The weather is very emotive. It gets people so worked up. What's good for some is bad for others and vice versa. Our climate has changed, so our reporting and response also has to change. All we're trying to do is bring people the facts." BBC Weather said: "It is completely unacceptable for any member of staff to receive abuse on social media simply for doing their job." 