Jeff Bezos, 58, who founded online retailer Amazon in 1994, spent up to an hour admiring prized possessions with his family during a tour of the Queen's main London residence. Mr Bezos, who is worth an estimated £123billion, managed to see a display which included Her Majesty's iconic diamond diadem. The diadem is even set with 1,333 of the precious jewels and 169 freshwater pearls. Bezos, who also founded aerospace manufacturer Blue Origin in 2000, spent £90 per ticket for the Buckingham Palace tour. According to the Sun, Mr Bezos also met with Top Gun star Tom Cruise. He was spotted alongside his partner Lauren Sanchez, 52, at a Mayfair restaurant, with the Golden Globe winner. JUST IN: 'We are behind you!' Prince William issues rare personal message to England's Lionesses Cruise, 60, recently played a part in the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations, including during the Royal Windsor Horse Show. However, Mr Bezos' visit to Buckingham Palace appears to have been well-received by staff. A source told the Sun: "The Bezos visit is already jokingly being nicknamed a ‘shopping trip’ by Palace staff. "He showed a particular interest in the Throne Room and Ballroom." READ MORE: 'Proud' Kate and William celebrate England’s Lionesses smashing into the final The source added: "It overlapped slightly with the public opening, so he was moved room to room discreetly to hide his visit from the day’s last remaining visitors." Mr Bezos' visit to the State Rooms comes after they were closed to the public since the summer of 2019. The rooms, which contain works by the Rubens, Rembrandt and Canaletto, had been closed due to COVID-19. However, the rooms re-opened last week. DON'T MISS:Brit special forces ‘helped liberate Snake Island' in Bond-style subs [INSIGHT]Ukraine LIVE: Zelensky's men kill up to 200 elite Wagner mercenaries [LIVE]Joshua vs Usyk: Date, UK start time, live stream, TV channel, odds [REVEAL] The Platinum Jubilee: The Queen’s Accession exhibition opened on July 22 and will remain open until October 2. According to the Royal Collection Trust, standard adult tickets cost £30. Those aged 18 to 24 would need to pay £19.50. Children and disabled visitors would pay £16.50. And those aged under five can enter for free.