80 percent of households have started receiving council tax rebates as part of the cost of living support package offered by the Government. The support package was introduced to help families on low incomes who may be struggling with rising bills and inflation making day to day essentials more expensive. People must be in council tax bands A to D to receive the £150 payment and also pay their bill by direct debit. If someone pays with direct debit, the rebate should be automatically paid into one’s account. However, other people will have to apply. The deadline to apply for the rebate has been extended to September 30, but Britons should double check with their local council as deadline dates could differ. Those who pay their council tax bills manually will have to apply. Although, people are warned that the longer they leave it, the longer it will take for their money to come through. READ MORE: NHS prescriptions: Britons could slash their medication bill by £28.39 each month Local authorities are giving out the cash in different ways and the amount people can get and who qualifies can vary depending on where someone lives. For example, in the Isle of Wight, applicants can get £150 to help pay their energy bill. For people living on the island who qualify, they’ll get the payment in two parts. The first scheduled date was July 4, and the second is said to arrive by September 2. Different councils are offering discretionary payments attached with their own terms and conditions. Another example is in Camden where people can get between £50 and £150 if they’re not eligible for the main scheme but are struggling with energy bills. Also, residents in Wyre Forest council  who are in council tax bands E to H and in receipt of council tax support can also get up to £150. People living in Greenwich could also get a payment of £65 or £150, if they’re living in a home that is in bands E to H for council tax and they’re getting council tax support. Anyone who is not sure whether they’re eligible, or what they can get, should get in contact with their local council. To find out what band someone’s house is in, people can use the postcode checker tool on the Government’s website. People could be put into a lower band if they challenge it, however there are other risks available that Britons should consider. Those on low incomes or receiving benefits could be eligible for a reduction on their council tax bill through a separate scheme such as Council Tax Reduction.