Massive changes are coming for those in receipt of PIP in the country which will see them receive an alternative payment. PIP is administered by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP), however those who claim it in Scotland will start to receive Adult Disability Payment. This support will be managed by Social Security Scotland, the Scottish Government's DWP equivalent. Those who claim PIP will begin to be transferred to Adult Disability Payment later this summer in seven new council areas. This follows a successful trial run of the disability benefit Angus, North Lanarkshire and South Lanarkshire at the end of June. Over 313, 600 current PIP claimants in Scotland will begin to move from the DWP payment to Social Security Scotland’s replacement this summer. Current forecasts state the transfer will be fully completed by the end of 2025 across the whole country. READ MORE: State pensioners may be able to increase sum by up to £14.75 weekly  People with a long-term health condition or disability, which requires the need for extra financial assistance, will now be able to access the Adult Disability Payment in Fife, Aberdeen City, Aberdeenshire, Moray, North Ayrshire, East Ayrshire or South Ayrshire. They will be able to apply for this disability support on the Scottish Government’s website from July 25, 2022. Anyone who does not live in those areas who is in receipt of PIP can apply for Adult Disability Payment from August 29. Claims will be assessed by Social Security Scotland and applicants must have had their condition or disability for at least three months and expect to be affected for nine months to be successful.  It should be noted that applicants will no longer be asked to complete tasks to demonstrate how their condition affects them on a daily basis. All payment rates are weekly and will be delivered to successful claimants every four weeks. The daily living part component of the Adult Disability Payment has a standard standard rate of £61.8 and an enhanced rate of £92.40. In comparison, the payment’s mobility component will have a standard rate of £24.45 and an enhanced rate of £64.50.  READ MORE: ‘Game over!’ Woman, 42, watches as hackers steal £10,000 in attack  Last month, Ben Macpherson, the Scottish Government’s minister for Social Security, outlined how people can apply for the PIP replacement. Mr Macpherson explained: “People can apply for Adult Disability Payment in the way that suits them best. “As well as online and over the phone, local delivery staff can provide pre-application advice and encourage people to take up their entitlements. “I encourage those who think they could be eligible to check and apply. We would urge people who think that they may need additional support in applying, as well as with re‑determinations and appeals, to consider using VoiceAbility, an independent advocacy service that we are funding. “Our approach to delivering disability benefits has been designed with people with lived experience of disability benefits, and we are taking a different approach to that of the UK Government. “People will be treated with dignity and respect and we will start from a position of trust. There will be no private sector assessors and clients will be given greater choice to help them, including times and locations of meetings, with home visits available.” Lorraine Van Beuge, the project manager at North Lanarkshire Disability Forum (NLDF), added: “(We) are delighted to be involved in the launch of the Adult Disability Payment in North Lanarkshire, we encouraged our members to participate in the consultations last year “We are heartened to see some of the issues raised have been considered and implemented. We welcome the positive changes this devolved benefit may bring our members.”