CBS’ generational procedural drama Blue Bloods is officially in production for its upcoming 13th season. As fans await its premiere, one eagle-eyed viewer exposed a crew member who could be seen during the explosive episodes in season four.  Taking to the movie mistakes forum, the observant fan who spotted the show’s major blunder shared the error with other Blue Blood fans. They recalled: “As Danny gets out of the car, with the bad guy who shot Erin in the courtroom. “Holding her hostage and coming out to meet him behind the courthouse.” The viewer noted: “As Danny gets out of the car, in the driver's side car door mirror you can see a crew member in a red shirt holding one of those ‘scene marker’ slap boards. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Faith Dingle unveils tragic family secret This was a major, yet unfortunate, error to have as viewers were left distracted during a key scene. The season four episode titled ‘To Protect and Serve’ had fans on the edge of their seats as many thought Erin Reagan (played by Bridget Moynahan) would meet her death. Thankfully, this wasn’t the case as her brother Danny Reagan (Donnie Wahlberg) came to the rescue. This incident took place when Danny landed the role of lead negotiator during the court deliberations.  As Erin was an assistant district attorney it wasn’t an uncommon occurrence for her and Danny to be in court as they had roles in law enforcement. As he was an NYPD detective, the two, including their younger sibling James (Will Estes), followed in the father’s footsteps. The patriarch Frank Reagan (Tom Selleck) was also New York City’s police commissioner. As the family was tight-knit and close, they were distraught to learn Erin had been shot at while at work in court.  DON'T MISS...Wimbledon viewers in tears over Sue Barker tribute [INSIGHT]Blue Bloods season 13 theory: Archbishop Kearns return sealed [THEORY]Blue Bloods season 13 theory: Danny and Baez romance sealed after clue [THEORY] They were in court to watch Raul Delgado (Armando Riesco) get sent down for a murder which the victim’s 13-year-old son witnessed. Although he had been previously sentenced for murder, he disappeared from the system but was eventually brought to justice when Danny used a SWAT team to find him. Things then took a turn for the worse, in the courtroom when Delgado stole the court officer's gun and held Erin and several others hostage. During the scene, Delgado accidentally shot Erin during an argument with another hostage.  Thankfully for Erin, the wound wasn't bad as she was able to stand upright and talk coherently and even made it to Sunday dinner. With Blue Bloods officially in production, fans will see the return of the Reagan family and their all-important weekly dinners. The upcoming instalment is expected to have a major storyline for Erin after she announced she was going for the role of the district attorney. Blue Bloods is available on CBS in the US. A UK release date has yet to be announced. 