Manchester United want to sign Frenkie de Jong and Antony this summer, as well as a new right-back. But with complexities involved, it’s possible Erik ten Hag will be left without all three of his desired signings. Fortunately, however, the fallen Premier League giants have a trio who could step up. Manchester United want to sign De Jong from Barcelona. But, despite agreeing a fee with their La Liga counterparts, it’s looking increasingly as though their pursuit will fail. De Jong isn’t against moving to United, but his preference is to stay at Barcelona. He’s also owed £17million in wages, having agreed to take a temporary pay cut when the coronavirus pandemic struck over two years ago. Ten Hag is a big believer in youth. So that means James Garner could be a player to ensure the pain of missing out on De Jong isn’t too strong. The 21-year-old scored four goals and clocked up eight assists during a successful loan spell at Nottingham Forest last term. Man Utd transfers: Barcelona draw up De Jong punishment plan There’s been talk of Garner potentially going out on loan again but, if Ten Hag isn’t reunited with De Jong, the Englishman could be the answer to the club’s midfield woes. He’s already suggested he’s ready to play whenever it takes in order to ensure he can be at United next term. Garner said recently: "Personally, I'm not too fussed if I play as a 6 or 8. “Throughout the academy, I played as a deeper-lying 6. People maybe questioned whether I could score and create but when I got to the [Under] 21s, I showed I could also play box to box. "This season, I’ve played as a 6, 8 and in the No 10 position. For me, I enjoy 6 or 8. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong "In the academy, I was always a centre-back at six or seven, but got moved into midfield and it went from there. I’m enjoying my time." United also want to land a new right-back. But if they can get Aaron Wan-Bissaka up to standards, then the former Crystal Palace star can prevent them from reinforcing in that area. United only paid £50m for the player three years ago, back when Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was manager. And they’re still waiting to get bang for their buck all this time later. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team Wan-Bissaka, if United can get his confidence up again, can prevent United from reinforcing an area that’s plagued them ever since the departure of Rafael Da Silva. He’s nowhere near as bad as last season suggested but the signs in pre-season, admittedly, haven’t been promising. United also want a versatile forward. But Anthony Martial can be another player who can ensure United’s spending doesn’t go into overdrive. He became something of a forgotten man last term, spending the second half of the season on loan at Sevilla. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. But Martial’s form in pre-season bodes well for the future. He was on target as United beat Liverpool 4-0 in Bangkok, with the France international a constant menace throughout the encounter. And Martial followed that up with the Red Devils’ second goal in their 4-1 victory over Melbourne Victory on Friday. United, for all their wanting of De Jong, a right-back and a versatile forward, will struggle to get all three of them in the door. So that’s why Garner, Wan-Bissaka and Martial could be set for a new lease of life when the Ten Hag era gets properly under way. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here