This attractive two percent interest rate is available with the bank’s Fixed Rate Saver and increases the longer the savings remain in the account. Savers can get up to 2.7 percent interest if they don’t withdraw their money for five years. Challenger banks like Atom are giving the high street a run for their money by offering competitive interest rates on savings. Atom Bank's Fixed Rate saver offers two percent interest if people can afford to lock in their savings for six months and they only need £50 to open an account. This savings account was rated as a “top” pick in the Money Saving Expert newsletter by founder Martin Lewis, who recommends people should consider switching if they aren’t getting at least 1.5 percent interest on their savings. It’s an app only option, so wouldn’t appeal to people who prefer to deal with their affairs in person. READ MORE: ‘Impressive savings’: Millions of Britons could save £130 a month Meanwhile, financial experts are predicting the Bank of England will increase interest rates again, from their present 1.25 percent. The base rate has increased for five months in a row in a bid to tackle soaring inflation which hit a 40 year high of 9.4 percent in July. August is the month Britons are most likely to dip into their savings according to research by Atom. New insight taken from Atom’s instant saver accounts reveals that people are most likely to splurge in the summer months, with average withdrawals per open account at their peak in August and September. DON'T MISSLittle-known button on boiler could save hundreds on energy bills [ALERT]State pension rise slammed: 'Protection of pensioners is crazy' [INSIGHT]Bank increases interest rate on savings to 2.75% offer - 'Excellent' [UPDATE]Money saving tip could slash your supermarket shop [ALERT]     Head of savings at Atom bank, Aileen Robertson said people can avoid dipping into their savings by planning ahead. She said: “In order to avoid that late summer dip, plan ahead for your summer social activities where possible. “Holidays abroad are finally back on the agenda for many of us this year, which is very exciting, but if you don’t want to dip into your savings post-vacation you should factor in all of your costs upfront. “When booking a holiday I’d suggest making a list of all the things you’ll need to pre-pay for, such as flights and accommodation, plus how much spending money you’d need, then add all of these together to give you a holiday savings goal.” READ MORE: ‘An expensive waste’ A quarter of a million more Britons cancel TV  Ms Robertson explained that while holidays tend to cost over a thousand pounds, saving just a little bit everyday can help people avoid dipping into their savings. She continued: “You’d have to put away just under £5 a day to save for the average holiday cost of £1,567 in under a year, so if you are able to, it’s worth building up a pot of money gradually. “A common mistake people make when saving for a holiday is not accounting for enough spending money, which may result in unexpected additional expenses whilst you’re away. “It’s useful to plan ahead - research which excursions you might want to take and how much on average they cost, factor in transport costs for the whole trip and consider what you’re likely to spend on food and drink.” While summer holidays can cost a small fortune, the cost can be easily budgeted for with a little forward thinking. She added: “If you know you’re likely to splurge, budget accordingly. “Setting a daily spending allowance can help to ensure you don’t end up overspending at the start of your trip. “It’s also worth having an additional contingency fund for unexpected expenses so that you don’t get stuck whilst you’re away.”