CEO of polling firm Ipsos Mori Kelly Beaver has predicted the scrutiny of Penny Mordaunt to rise as the former defence secretary's name recognition begins to raise. Ms Mordaunt has risen to the front of the pack as the Conservative Party leadership race heats up heading into the final rounds. Ms Beaver told GB News: "What we will see over the coming days is that both the public awareness of Penny Mordaunt will start to rise. "But also the level of scrutiny about her background, her experience etcetera. "Because yes among Conservative MPs the vote for her went quite well for her last night. "But also when it does eventually get to the membership level polls coming out showing her very strongly indeed."  Ms Mordaunt has come under fire from allies of Liz Truss as the Tory leadership contest became increasingly bitter. The trade minister came second in the first round of voting, pushing Foreign Secretary Ms Truss into third place. Former chancellor Rishi Sunak claimed the top spot but the battle to reach the final stage of the contest - which will see the two candidates chosen by MPs face a vote of the membership - is far from over. Ms Mordaunt's strong performance saw her claim 67 votes, 17 more than Ms Truss, with Mr Sunak picking up the support of 88 MPs.  Strong opinion polling also buoyed Ms Mordaunt's campaign, pushing her into the status of bookmakers' favourite to become the next Tory leader and prime minister. But supporters of Ms Truss seized on a scathing attack on Ms Mordaunt from former Brexit minister Lord Frost. He told TalkTV: "I am quite surprised at where she is in this leadership race. She was my deputy - notionally, more than really - in the Brexit talks last year. "I felt she did not master the detail that was necessary in the negotiations last year. "She wouldn't always deliver tough messages to the European Union when that was necessary." "She wasn't fully accountable, she wasn't always visible," he added. "Sometimes I didn't even know where she was. "This became such a problem that, after six months, I had to ask the Prime Minister to move her on and find somebody else to support me."