Nick Kyrgios never fails to split opinions, and debate among Express Sport readers is no different to the rest of the global tennis community. His memorable Wimbledon 2022 run was loaded with his latest collation of headline-attracting moments, including during his final showdown against Novak Djokovic. Kyrgios achieved his best-ever Grand Slam result by reaching the semi-finals before receiving a walkover into the final due to an injury ending Rafael Nadal's hopes of a Calendar Slam. But despite taking the first set and teasing a shock result in an extraordinary year at SW19, Djokovic's class prevailed in a 4-6, 6-3, 6-4, 7-6 victory. Throughout the Centre Court contest, as momentum swung in the Serbian's favour, Kyrgios characteristically lost his cool, picking up a code violation for swearing - not his first of the tournament. He made no secret of disgruntlement over a female spectator in the crowd who looked like she had consumed '700 pints' allegedly distracting him. The controversial Aussie also maintained tradition by aggressively shouting at himself and his box as his hopes of a stunning Grand Slam win faded. There was a royal presence at the All England Club, but that couldn't prevent furious outbursts that fans have become so accustomed to witnessing while he's on the court. JUST IN: Novak Djokovic tipped for new retirement benchmark  After Wimbledon, Express Sport asked readers two important questions about Kyrgios' behaviour in the final and his future aspirations at major tournaments. And the results provided a telling summary of how most tennis fans reacted to the end of his Wimbledon run. We asked readers whether the 27-year-old let himself down with his antics during the final, to which a phenomenal 10,231 responded. And an overwhelming 69 per cent (7,044) answered 'Yes', while just 22 per cent (2,266) voted 'No', and nine per cent (921) were undecided. READ MORE: Djokovic 'scared' by Kyrgios moves which led to Wimbledon final errors  We also asked whether Kyrgios will win a Grand Slam before his career ends. And albeit far more balanced, Express Sport readers have also displayed little confidence in his ability to finally get over the line and achieve what he has promised to do for years. From 10,256 responses, 43 per cent (4,374) don't believe he will join the likes of Djokovic, Rafael Nadal and Roger Federer in tasting Slam success. However, a respectable 35 per cent (3,589) have backed him to build on his Wimbledon performance, while 22 per cent (2,293) are on the fence.