Dishwashers are one of the most useful kitchen appliances but they can quickly become clogged up with dirt, limescale, and food deposits if left uncleaned. Though it may seem unnecessary to use salt in every cycle, it is especially important in some cases. Here’s what you need to know about using dishwasher salt, and the best alternatives if you’re caught short. Dishwasher salt is designed to prevent limescale from building up in the filter of the appliance. When this simple item is not used regularly, it can affect how clean the dishes come out at the end of a cycle. Keeping your dishwasher clean through other means is a good way to take care of the appliance, but the importance of salt shouldn’t be overlooked. READ MORE: Baking soda cleaning: 5 areas to clean - from sinks to showers Even the best dishwashers need a boost to keep them working for years to come, and this white granular ingredient is generally all you need to do it. Currys said: “If you find that your dishes are coming out ‘streaky’ or ‘gritty’ instead of sparkling clean, you might be running low on salt.” Using this dishwasher-specific ingredient is especially important If you live in a hard water area, so it's important to check the levels regularly to avoid running out. Limestone and chalk regions in the South and East of England have a higher mineral content in the water, leaving appliances and pipes more at risk of limescale blockages. According to Anna Batten, product manager at Smeg, salt is required in every dishwasher cycle even if living in a soft water area. However, it should be noted that the salt will be used up less quickly in areas where the water is softer, therefore lasting longer. Limescale will still build up slowly over time, so adding salt eliminates the possibility of a clogged or even broken dishwasher as a result. Most of the time your machine will signal when it needs a top-up of the salt, so take care not to overfill it. DONT MISS:How to keep grass green: 6 common mistakes [INSIGHT]Surfaces to ‘avoid’ cleaning with citric acid [REVEAL]‘They never get in’: Cleaning enthusiasts share £1 talc hack [ANALYSIS] Though they may have similar properties, table salt will corrode the pipes instead of clearing them, so should be avoided as an alternative to dishwasher products. Salts made for dishwashers are designed to soften the water, so it is important to find an alternative ingredient which has the same effect. If your appliance is low on salt and you’re caught short, the best alternatives are large grained “kosher” salt or white vinegar. Always avoid finely ground ingredients which contribute to clogs rather than clear them. In addition to maintaining the salt level, you should also clean your dishwasher regularly. Baking soda is all you need to do in between cycles. For a deep clean, pour one cup of baking soda into the bottom of the dishwasher. Dab the powder with a damp cloth and lightly scrub stains before running a regular cycle. When the cycle ends, you'll have a fresh clean dishwasher ready to tackle the next load of dirty dishes.