Nick Kyrgios and Stefanos Tsitsipas face off in a blockbuster third-round clash at Wimbledon last on Court 1 today. It will be the fifth match between the pair, who have enjoyed a love-hate relationship over the years, going from exchanging social media remarks to pairing up in doubles together. Ahead of their first meeting at a Grand Slam, Express Sport takes a look at their turbulent past. Kyrgios and Tsitsipas are facing off for the second time in less than three weeks after the Australian came from a set behind to upset the world No 5 in Halle last month. Kyrgios leads their head-to-head 3-1 with the Greek’s only win coming at the Laver Cup - an exhibition tournament recognised by the ATP. The pair appear to be great friends now, with Kyrgios lauding praise on both himself and his opponent after winning his second-round match on Thursday as he claimed they were “two of the biggest stars in the sport.” But they weren’t always on such great terms, with social media beef dating back to the 2018 US Open. The 23-year-old had shared a photo of himself in New York four years ago, with the Aussie replying: “Da fuq”. Tsitsipas later hit back at Kyrgios with a dig as he said: “It's not sitting in my room playing video games, Fortnite like someone does. It's better going outside and creating something rather than just sitting inside playing video games for the whole day, which I did before and now see no point in doing." JUST IN: Nadal warned of 'great equaliser' at Wimbledon as big names drop out   They then surprised everyone by teaming up for doubles together in Washington almost exactly a year later, which came after Kyrgios said he’d like to play alongside the Greek during an appearance on the No Challenges Remaining podcast earlier in 2019. Their doubles campaign lasted just 66 minutes as they lost to the top seeds in round one but the pair met that week in singles. It was their first match against one another, and Kyrgios defeated his doubles partner 6-4 3-6 7-6(7), eventually going on to win the title. The match was high-spirited as the Aussie delivered Tsitsipas’ shoes to him from his player box and presented them crouched down in front of the world No 5’s bench. And their matches have continued to provide entertainment, as they battled in a three-setter less than three weeks ago in the round-of-16 at the Halle Open. Kyrgios smashed his racket when he got broken to lose the first set 7-5 and ranted to the umpire during the match, receiving a warning. DON'T MISSNadal GOAT claim made by Gauff after Spaniard's Grand Slam statementNick Kyrgios the centre of more controversy at Wimbledon after fineRaducanu told to 'back up the hype' as McEnroe sends strong message  "The match was going fine, the crowd was enjoying it, it was completely unnecessary. I’m gonna play Stef many more times, I’m gonna win against him, I’m gonna lose against him so I just enjoyed today,” he said of the warning after winning 5-7 6-2 6-4. And it appears Tsitsipas is also looking forward to the challenge of facing his old foe as he said: “Nick has more matches on me in these courts. He claims to like grass. I think his game is good for the grass. I am definitely thrilled to be facing him. I respect him a lot, on the court, what he's trying to do. Although he has been a little controversial in the past, I think he's playing good tennis. “I'm going to try and concentrate on doing my thing and pay attention to my own game from start to finish. Hopefully I can stay there and do something great, have a great competitive match against him.” 