Chelsea are preparing to pounce as transfer target Rafael Leao continues to stall over contract talks with AC Milan, according to reports in the Italian media. The Blues have apparently earmarked Leao as a possible Raphinha alternative after being snubbed by the Brazilian, who is set to join Barcelona. Leao was one of Milan’s best players as they won Serie A last term, scoring 11 goals and providing a further 10 assists in 34 league appearances. However, the Portugal international is apparently not close to agreeing a contract extension. Milan are keen to renew the forward’s deal, which currently ends in 2024. They have supposedly offered to quadruple his £1.2m salary, with the Italian side open to proposing a new contract that could see the player earn around £5m. The Serie A champions have been involved in discussions with Leao’s representatives for some time, though. According to Italian publication Gazzetta dello Sport, that has alerted Chelsea, who are looking to revamp Thomas Tuchel’s forward line. JUST IN: Chelsea face bumpy road ahead in talks to tie down Mount and James Leao would add quality in the final third for a Chelsea side who relied on goals from midfield last term. Tuchel wants guaranteed goals from his attackers in a bid to make an improved assault on the Premier League title next season. Romelu Lukaku has been offloaded to Inter Milan having endured a difficult first season back in English football. Tuchel now wants to reshape his attack and is set to confirm the arrival of Raheem Sterling from Manchester City. New co-owner Todd Boehly has landed a big name as his first signing in the form of England forward Sterling, who is set to undergo a medical ahead of his £50m switch from the top-flight champions. The 27-year-old will join the Blues squad on their pre-season tour of the US. DON'T MISS...Chelsea learn salary offer already tabled to Koulibaly as deal 'close'Thomas Tuchel breaks silence on Cristiano Ronaldo to ChelseaBarcelona 'seal Raphinha deal' despite financial turmoil There has also been speculation that Chelsea could try to sign Cristiano Ronaldo from Manchester United following the 37-year-old’s exit plea. Ronaldo wants to leave as he feels he can still test himself in the Champions League. It is unclear whether Tuchel backs a move for the Portugal icon, especially having found that Lukaku did not suit the role of a mobile centre forward. Ronaldo scored 24 goals for the Red Devils after returning last summer, but was often criticised for his lack of pressing ability. Meanwhile, wide-ranging reports claim that Chelsea are set to finally land Napoli defender Kalidou Koulibaly. The West Londoners have frequently been linked with the Senegal international over the years, but a burning need to sign defenders has now seen them target a deal.