European Movement UK said Boris Johnson’s departure meant they could make moves to “reverse the calamity of Brexit”. They urged Remainers to “regroup and be ready” as it emerged Mr Johnson is to resign as Prime Minister after he was abandoned by ministers and his Conservative Party MPs who said he was no longer fit to govern.  Plugging their crowdfunder, entitled ‘Brexit Isn't Working: It's time to fight back’, European Movement UK tweeted: “Let’s be clear, this is chaos, and we need to regroup and be ready. “Donate to the largest Pro-EU organisation in the UK, and be a part of the only campaign that is working reverse the calamity of Brexit.” European Movement CEO Anna Bird also released a strongly worded statement where she asked parties to “leave Johnson’s hard Brexit behind”, arguing it is a “moral and political disaster”. She attacked Mr Johnson for “cheap sloganeering, bullyboy negotiation strategies and unforgivable law-breaking”. Ms Bird said: “For seven years, the Brexit bullring has been used to spread lies, undermine democracy and strip away the integrity from public office. “What followed was a tanking economy, collapsing businesses, families set to be worse off by nearly £1,000 a year and colossal damage to our reputation around the world. “And for the last two years, our country has been caught up in the daily stresses of Boris Johnson’s premiership: cheap sloganeering, bullyboy negotiation strategies and unforgivable law-breaking “Now it is time to look beyond all that. To contemplate where we’d like to be, what we want the world to think of us and what will become our story.”  READ MORE:Steve Baker announces Tory leadership bid to save Brexit The crowdfunder has only raised £88,307 of its £120,000 target at the time of writing. It reads: “Brexit costs Britain a staggering £1 million per hour. Our rights are under threat. Brexit isn’t working. “This will be our biggest fight yet. Together, we can reverse the calamity of Brexit. Chip in to help us build the European Movement’s war chest. “This is the opportunity we have been waiting for. Boris Johnson's hard Brexit government has shown its true colors.  DON'T MISS 'If Boris goes, Brexit goes' Lord predicts as issue now 'up for grabs' [INFO]Brexiteer says next PM WILL be a Leaver [INSIGHT]'Bye bye Boris!' Bundestag channels Steve Bray [REACTION] “They lied to us about Brexit. They won an election on the back of those lies. “They've lied every day since.” Mr Johnson came to power nearly three years ago, promising to deliver Britain's departure from the EU and rescue it from the bitter wrangling that followed the 2016 Brexit referendum. But he is the third Conservative prime minister to be brought down by Tory infighting in the space of six years. A split over Europe ultimately led to David Cameron losing his Brexit gamble and resigning, while Theresa May failed to unite her warring MPs over plans to deliver on the outcome of the referendum. In Mr Johnson's case, his own leadership caused a rift in the party. Tory grievances with Mr Johnson's leadership started seriously mounting last November when the Prime Minister attempted to overhaul the standards system in the Owen Paterson lobbying scandal. A steady drip of partygate allegations soon followed, culminating in a police fine for Mr Johnson and Sue Gray's damning report that blamed "failures of leadership and judgment" for allowing alcohol-fuelled gatherings in Downing Street when millions of people across the country were unable to see friends and family. Mr Johnson was also accused of misleading Parliament over his knowledge of the lockdown-busting parties. His authority was damaged by a confidence vote which saw 41 percent of his own MPs withdraw their support in June. Defeat in two crunch by-elections later that month, triggered by the resignations of two Tory MPs in disgrace, and the subsequent surprise resignation of the Conservative Party co-chairman renewed calls for Mr Johnson to go. But it was his handling of the Chris Pincher affair that saw Mr Johnson haemorrhage support across the Tory ranks.