Gardening expert and Gardeners’ World lead host Monty Don has shared his tips for harvesting cucumbers on the latest episode of the show. Monty said his cucumbers are “fantastic” and have enjoyed the recent hot weather. The gardening expert had multiple cucumber plants and had begun harvesting them. He said: “Of these six plants, we’ve harvested about a dozen cucumbers, there are about 20 more on there. “I would expect to harvest at least 100 fruits from six plants. “And as long as you keep them warm-ish and well-watered and lots of food, they’re very happy.” For those growing their own cucumbers and wondering when to harvest them, Monty shared the signs to look out for. READ MORE: Baking soda cleaning: 5 areas to clean - from sinks to showers He said: “Now, if you’re wondering the right time to harvest a cucumber, there’s a little tip. “Look at the end. Now, if I come over here, for example, this one is still quite pointy at the end. “If it’s more pointed than round, it’s not quite ready. “But if it’s more round than pointed then that’s ready to harvest.”  DON'T MISSHow to prune lavender and what to do with the cuttings [INSIGHT]Chatsworth secret garden unseen for 300 years revealed in heatwave [UPDATE]‘Time to stop’ Secret trick to guarantee your rhubarb harvest [ANALYSIS] The variety of cucumber Monty was growing is called Passandra. He described them as small, very convenient and “absolutely delicious”. Monty is also growing luffas in his greenhouse. Luffas are a type of tropical and subtropical vines in the cucumber family. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Monty said his luffas weren’t fruiting yet because it had been too cold. He explained: “There’s not a sign of fruiting yet, but it’s actually been quite chilly. “Although we’ve had a couple of hot weeks, the summer as general hasn’t been that warm yet, and I think this is a plant that really needs as much heat as possible. “So hopefully there is time yet for them to develop fruit.”  Cucumbers can be sown from March through to June. They can then be harvested from July to October. Cucumbers like a sheltered, sunny spot with fertile soil. Gardeners’ World is available to stream on BBC iPlayer.