England star Beth Mead is currently single after she split with former Arsenal ace Danielle van de Donk last year. The 27-year-old is the joint top scorer at the Euros alongside Germany skipper Alexandra Popp and the pair will face off for the Golden Boot during the final later today. Mead famously entered a relationship with Van de Donk while the pair were Arsenal team mates. They were considered to be something of a power couple while together with the pair being widely praised for helping others feel more comfortable with their sexuality. They went official in 2019 and spent the first lockdown living together at Mead’s apartment in London. However, it now appears they are no longer an item having split up during 2021. Despite their split it appears the two remain on good terms with both player’s keeping pictures of each other on their Instagrams. They remained team mates in 2021 before the Dutch international moved to Lyon. In 2019, the England winger spoke about the benefits that they could bring to others as openly gay players, hoping to make people feel more at ease within the game. “I think if players like me and Danielle can make people feel more comfortable and proud of who they are, then that’s a good thing,” she said. “I think it creates an environment for people to be able to talk and speak out about who they are regardless of what anybody thinks.” READ MORE: England super sub Russo breaks silence on outrageous backheel Mead is now single and lives in London with her pet dog Rona. The England star has been one of the players of the tournament scoring a joint high of six goals, including a hat trick in the 8-0 demolition of Norway. She claimed the opening goal in the semi-final against Sweden, setting the Lionesses on their way to their 4-0 triumph. Speaking after the game, the Whitby born winger said she never expected to score the number of goals she had. “It’s a little bit surreal for me,” she explained. “It’s not something I ever thought about being even close to so I’m really happy to be where I am”. “A lot of people have said to me that I needed to start believing in myself a little bit more. I’m trying to do that. It’s easier said than done but I know my ability as a player. “In the past I’ve played as a No 9 so I know I can score goals. I’m just happy to be in the right place at the right time at the moment. The girls are playing amazingly and they are making it easy for me. “I’m happy to be scoring goals and helping the team but it’s not something I’m too fussed about. I’m happier about us being in the final and winning with the team.” Mead will be one of England's key players when the final kicks off against Germany at 5pm today. Grab a slice of football history! As England aim to beat Germany to win their first ever major trophy, make sure you’ve got your copy of the official UEFA Women's EURO 2022 final programme! Featuring both teams’ journey to the final, stunning images, and a focus on some of the best moments of a remarkable tournament, order your unique souvenir from reachsportshop.com.