Former doctor and care home professional Natalie-Jane Macdonald has seen many times the stress and anxiety that families go through having to suddenly arrange help after someone has fallen ill. Dr Macdonald, who is non-executive director for retirement living group Riverstone, told Express.co.uk: “I used to spend a lot of time visiting the homes that I was responsible for, and often sitting in on conversations with families as they’re thinking about it. “It’s incredibly distressing for people.” She also said: “It’s a really horrible situation that people find themselves in, very stressful and anxious. “A large part of that is absolutely avoidable.” She spoke about the ways that people can plan ahead for when their needs may change, so they can be confident that their finances will not be “strained” once they retire. The healthcare expert said: “Fortunately, there are specific financial advisors who work in this sort of space. READ MORE: Universal credit: 25 things you could get for free in July “There’s a Society of Later Life Advisers (SOLLA), these are people who specifically consider the different areas that you have to think about. “You might have an IFA already that you can do that. “There’s everything from putting in place powers of attorney for your financial matters and your health and wellbeing, through to thinking about property tax and inheritance, it is something that it’s worth getting advice on. “People who like doing this sort of stuff can work through it themselves, doing research online. “But I think most of us would want to get some independent advice and help to guide us through it.” DON'T MISSPensioners could secure 10 key freebies to help with rising costs [ALERT]State pension warning: More than one million more pensioners will pay [WARNING]Martin Lewis issues ‘big plea’ to pensioners 'missing out' on top up [UPDATE] Families can also get forecasting advice to evaluate the value of their assets and income, to predict when there may be a shortfall in later life. Dr Macdonald said: “This type of lifetime cashflow modelling should extend to things like reviewing whether your investment portfolio and strategy is fit for purpose, plans for transferring wealth to the next generation and managing exposure to inheritance tax and understanding the different ways you can pay for care.” People need to start thinking about their later years when they are 60 to 65, she said, as a person’s health may suddenly decline as they go into their 70s. Riverstone provides retirement apartments for over 65s in London, in Kensington and Fulham, alongside other important later life provision such as regular GP services. The group recently surveyed over 60s across London and the south and found that only 42 percent had planned ahead for their later years. Dr Macdonald said that people often don’t want to think about their needs as they get older. READ MORE: Dragons' Den: 'Most successful product' signs £25m deal in 3 months She said: “It’s a lot to get your head around. People are busy, and they don’t get around to it because it’s a lot of hassle and work to think all this through. “Things like doing your will and your inheritance planning come higher up the list than, might my partner or I need to have some kind of care or healthcare back up as we get older, either because of an unexpected thing or because we’re getting much older. “That bit tends to get delayed and it’s not just the not getting round to it, we just don’t like to think about these things. “We don’t want to think about the fact that we’re going to die, or might get dementia, or strokes, or cancer.” The healthcare expert said: “The baby boomers have high expectations about how they want to live. “Having excellent care and support in your own home, or living in an environment that anticipates that you’re going to get older and frailer and is there for you when that happens, is something that is gaining popularity.” People facing the immediate challenges of the soaring cost of living may feel they have little time to think ahead about their later life. However, Dr Macdonald said the current crisis makes it all the more vital for people to be mindful of the future. She said: “I think it makes it even more important. You have to live today and you have to live tomorrow, and in five or 10 years. “The risk is that people sometimes make decisions in the short term that constrain the choices in the long term. “Depending on where you are in your life, you may have no choice but to do that, but I think that for many people, it’s even more important to think about. “We may have for the past 10 or 15 years have been under the assumption that interest rates are low, so savings are lower. It’s going to change.” Dr Macdonald worked as a doctor in the NHS for nine years, and has worked in public and private healthcare. The Riverstone research found that 75 percent of people were feeling confident about planning for their later years.