Liverpool have reportedly identified Rennes striker Martin Terrier as a potential replacement for Roberto Firmino should they decide to sell the Brazil international this summer. But they will need to see off competition from Leeds and West Ham to land him. The Reds have already secured the services of Darwin Nunez, Fabio Carvalho and Calvin Ramsay in the current transfer window but could delve back into the market to bolster their squad further ahead of the new season. Liverpool enjoyed a productive campaign last time around as they won the Carabao Cup and the FA Cup. But they missed out on more prestigious silverware as they finished behind champions Manchester City in the Premier League table and were defeated by Real Madrid in the Champions League final. Reds boss Jurgen Klopp will be hoping his side can overcome their disappointment to battle for honours once again when the new season gets underway at the start of next month. And Terrier could be a welcome addition to the squad. According to L’Equipe, Liverpool are in the mix to sign the winger if Firmino goes. But Leeds and West Ham have both identified him as a priority signing.   Hammers recruitment director Rob Newman travelled to France last season to watch Terrier in action. And his feedback has resulted in the east Londoners placing the 25-year-old at the top of their wishlist. The east Londoners may also feel they have an edge as they have already done business with Rennes this summer after signing centre-back Nayef Aguerd from them. Leeds, meanwhile, dealt with Rennes two years ago when they signed Raphinha from the French club. And the relationship between Whites sporting director Victor Orta and Rennes chief Florian Maurice has been good ever since. But Rennes have officially said that Terrier is not for sale. And they are unlikely to change their stance unless they receive an offer of £34million.    Terrier enjoyed a fecund season last time out as he found the back of the net 21 times and provided four assists to help his team finish fourth in the Ligue 1 table. The ace scored a hat-trick in a 5-0 win over Saint-Etienne at the start of last December, before bagging 10 goals in 10 league games between the end of February and the end of April. Liverpool’s frontline looks to be in good shape, meanwhile, following the signings of Nunez and Carvalho, with the club also agreeing a new contract with Mohamed Salah. But if they do decide to cash in on Firmino, they could well see Terrier as the perfect replacement. 