The photoshopped image depicted Boris Johnson as Julius Caesar and Mr Sunak as one of his assassins. The post was in response to a tweet by Harry Cole, The Sun’s political editor, who asked: “Any update on the chatty rat leak? What happened to that guy?” In response, a Twitter user calling themselves Ray | #BackBoris #LizForLeader shared the image, commenting: “He is running to become PM. His name is Rishi Sunak.” Culture Secretary Ms Dorries, who is backing Ms Truss and who has been critical of Mr Sunak for his decision to resign as Chancellor, dealing a huge blow to Mr Johnson in the process, swiftly retweeted Ray’s post. Mr Buckland, the former Attorney General, told BBC Radio Wales's Sunday Supplement programme: “I think that sort of imagery and narrative is not just incendiary, it’s wrong. “I think it’s time for those who think that an argument about Prada shoes or earrings is more important, for instance, should wind their neck in and let people talk about the issues rather than the personality”. Speaking on Sky News, Energy minister and fellow Tory Greg Hands, who is backing Mr Sunak in the race to replace Mr Johnson as party leader, was also critical of the “appalling” image. He said: "I'm sure Liz Truss would disown that behaviour - I think this is appalling. "It is not even a year since the stabbing of Sir David... so I think this is very, very bad taste, dangerous even. "I do find it distasteful and I do find it, less than a year after the stabbing of our colleague, in very, very poor taste, even verging on dangerous." JUST IN: Brexit LIVE - 'Keep EU happy' Tory breaks cover on Sunak plot  Senior Conservative MP Simon Hoare tweeted: "Your comments are divisive, disingenuous & disturbing. Liz Truss needs to stop this. It's harmful to our party. "Remembering, with respect, our fallen colleagues David Amess and Jo Cox. The injured Stephen Timms. I will just leave it there". Former Northern Ireland Secretary, Brandon Lewis, who is also backing Ms Truss, told Sky News: "It's certainly not the sort of thing I would tweet." DON'T MISS 'Don't be surprised at Tories springing a leadership contest shock' [ANALYSIS]Boris backers trigger rules to push for leadership race SUSPENSION [REVEAL]Tom Tugendhat backs ‘firm leader’ Truss in race for Tory leadership [INSIGHT] He added: "Nadine is well known as having strong views on things. Nadine speaks for herself, she's very much an individual on that. But that is not a position that Liz would take". One of Ms Dorries' allies attempted to downplay the controversy, saying: "It's quite obviously a satirical image of Brutus and Caesar which has been clearly photoshopped to provide political commentary. "There were similar cartoons involving Michael Gove in 2016." Ms Dorries, the Tory MP for Mid-Bedfordshire, has been scathing about Mr Sunak in recent weeks, not least when she disparagingly compared his expensive designer suits with Foreign Secretary Ms Truss's earrings from Claire's Accessories. Writing subsequently in yesterday's Daily Mail, she said: "A tweet I posted last week highlighted Liz Truss’s choice of £4.50 earrings and Rishi Sunak’s decision to wear £450 Prada shoes to visit a Teesside building site, while also donning a £3,500 suit for a leadership debate. It caused a bit of a storm, to say the least, quickly clocking up over ten million views. "Some people of course will want to be wilfully offended. "My comments were widely interpreted to be anti-aspirational and it was suggested that I was seeking revenge against the man who, while Chancellor, had been planning a coup for a very long time and who had ruthlessly and metaphorically stabbed Boris Johnson in the back." Significantly, given the content of the post she retweeted, she referred to the Shakespearean tragedy, adding: "Rishi had been plotting against the most electorally successful Prime Minister the Conservative Party has known since the days of Margaret Thatcher. "His actions made Michael Gove’s betrayal of Boris Johnson during the 2016 leadership campaign appear like a rank amateur rehearsing for the role of Brutus in a village hall play." She also drew attention to Mr Sunak's lack of height, standing as he does at less than 5ft 6, saying: "I wanted to highlight Rishi’s misguided sartorial style in order to alert Tory members not to be taken in by appearances in the way that happened to many of us who served with the Chancellor in Cabinet. "The assassin’s gleaming smile, his gentle voice and even his diminutive stature had many of us well and truly fooled." She added: "The fact is, I was criticising Rishi’s complete lack of self-awareness for wearing such expensive clothes on a visit to one of the most socially deprived towns in the North of England."