Gardeners’ World lead host Monty Don shared the advice on a recent episode of the show. The gardening expert showed viewers how to remove side shoots from cordon tomatoes to encourage fruiting. If this job isn’t done, tomato plants may produce fewer crops. There are a couple different varieties of tomatoes, including cordon. They are best grown as single-stemmed plants. However, the vigorous crop naturally produces side stems from the joints. Monty said: “At this stage of the year, it is really important with cordon tomatoes to remove the side shoots. “These are the shoots that grow at 45 degrees between the stem and the leaf. READ MORE: ‘Worst thing for them’: Mrs Hinch fans share 25p hack to oust slugs “The side shoot grows out at an angle. “Because they are at 45 degrees, they’re very vigorous and they do bear fruit, but not as much as the shoots that come off the main stem. “You can just pinch them out.” Monty said if you do this job regularly, the side shoots will never get too big. DON'T MISS:How to stop fungus gnat infestation this summer [EXPERT]‘Creative’ watering hacks to keep houseplants alive while away [COMMENT]Homes Under the Hammer: Retired buyer boosts house price by £30k [PICTURES] He added: “The plant then puts all its energy into growing nice and tall with really good trusses of fruit. “You can see, mine are beginning to form, they are getting some fruit here.” If the side shoots are not removed, they will form a mass of long, scrambling, leafy stems. These can be difficult to support, producing fewer fruits but taking up lots of space. READ MORE: Gardening jobs to do now to keep the garden in ‘tip top’ shape The Royal Horticultural Society (RHS) recommended checking for side shoots every time you water tomato plants. In summer, this is very regular as tomatoes are thirsty crops. Tomato soil must be kept evenly moist to ensure they do not get dehydrated. Fluctuating moisture levels can cause problems with the fruit, such as splitting or blossom end rot. Plants in containers dry out quickly, so they may need watering daily in warm weather. Monty also showed viewers his support he is using to grow his cordon tomatoes. They need support, usually from a tall study cane or a vertical string coming down from an overhead support. The gardening expert was using an old clothing rail he had lying around. Tomatoes don’t cling to supports or twine around them naturally so must be attached by hand as they grow.