Former Liverpool defender Steve Nicol has claimed that the pressure that Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta puts on his new signing Gabriel Jesus may “hold him back”, after the Gunners boss praised his £45million man for scoring twice in his pre-season debut. The Brazilian bagged two goals in Arsenal’s friendly 5-3 win over Nurnberg on Friday. Arteta was full of compliments for the man expected to lead the Gunners' line next season. “He’s all energy,” the Spanish boss said. “You see his enthusiasm, he’s always smiling, he’s always talking to his teammates and apart from that I think he brings a different level of desire and commitment and enthusiasm, so I think it’s really good. “That’s why we brought him here., to put the ball in the back of the net. And obviously for his confidence and for him to believe in what we are doing I think it’s really important and he’s settled really well." Despite Arteta gushing over his new striker, Nicol believes that Jesus struggled with the pressure to score goals at Manchester City and Arteta may be holding him back with his comments. “The worrying thing would be, you talk about being a superstar at Arsenal,” Nicol told ESPN. “I tell you what, what an opportunity to go to Man City and be a superstar and score lots of goals with the chances that they make, and he couldn’t do that. Transfer news LIVE: Two Man Utd signings close, Ronaldo offer, Chelsea medical “I always felt that with Jesus at Man City, it was almost like he was carrying the pressure of having to score goals on his shoulder. Historically Arsenal are a huge club, but right now they are not at the level of Man City so maybe he will calm down and score goals if he is talking about superstar, maybe that’s going to hold him back again.” Jesus got off to a fine start to his Arsenal career, scoring 90 seconds after coming off the bench to give Gunners fans a possible glimpse into next season. Arsenal fan Piers Morgan was in agreement with Arteta over the quality of their forward and likened Jesus to club legend Thierry Henry. DON'T MISSMikel Arteta's plan for Levi Colwill if Chelsea sell exciting youngster to ArsenalChelsea could deal huge Arsenal blow as Gabriel 'open' to £40m transferChelsea told to make double attacking signing and sell two stars who are 'not good enough' “The thing about Gabriel Jesus is that he’s a really hard worker,” Morgan told talkSPORT. “He’s a classic Pep Guardiola protege in the sense that he really puts a shift in, he’s very quick, it looks like he wants to play down the middle as an old-fashioned number nine. “It reminds me a bit of when Thierry Henry’s first game for us was as a winger. We put him down the middle and bang, the rest is history. “I’m not saying he’ll be the next Thierry Henry, but he’s the right age, has the right experience, he’s a winner and he’s won big things. He scored 19 goals in 50-odd games for Brazil, so this is a proper international footballer.”