BBC Question Time returned to TV screens last night after Fiona Bruce made the trip to Inverness. Ms Bruce was joined by a star-studded panel which included the SNP's ex-Westminster leader Angus Robertson, Scottish Tory Party chairman Craig Hoy, Labour's Shadow Social Security Secretary Pam Duncan-Glancy, Spectator editor Fraser Nelson and award-winning stand-up comedian Susie McCabe. However, after initially focusing on Scottish independence, passionate panellists and animated audience members turned their attention to strike action, including in the NHS. An audience member, who revealed she works in the NHS, even told the panel she supports potential strike action. She claimed: “I have never supported strike action, particularly within healthcare. “But now that I am at this stage of my career I am scunnered with getting underpaid. “I don't take enough money home at the end of the month to pay all of my bills and I technically am a professional. “So, why is that?” JUST IN: BBC QT: Boris urged to call IndyRef2 to see off independence - 'Call Sturgeon's bluff!' Nurses in Scotland have warned they could take strike action if Nicola Sturgeon does not agree to a 10 percent pay rise. Colin Poolman, the Royal College of Nursing director, warned the First Minister and Health Secretary Humza Yousaf: “Don't take nurses for granted - because they can show their strength.” Mr Yousaf has since offered a record-breaking five per cent pay rise to thousands of NHS workers. However, Jaki Lambert, director for Scotland for the Royal College of Midwives, said: “The Government's pay offer for our members is simply not good enough. “It's nowhere near what midwives and maternity staff deserve or need right now. “Our members are struggling with the rising cost of living and five per cent is not enough to counteract the increases in inflation. “If they accept this offer, they will not see any real-terms improvement in their pay from last year." Another Question Time audience member suggested the pay offer to Police Scotland would not cut it. He said: “Police officers have recently been offered £565 per officer as a pay rise, which equates to approximately 0.8 percent to two percent through the ranks. “Police officers throughout the pandemic were at the frontline... and to be offered that pay rise is an absolute disgrace and no wonder they are now going to be demoralised.” DON'T MISS:Scots rage at Nicola Sturgeon over 2023 IndyRef2 push - 'No means no!' [REVEALED]Audience member demands IndyRef2 after Brexit-backing Brits 'drag Scots out of EU' [BREXIT]Unionist parties slammed for dismissing calls for IndyRef2 - 'Not voting for you!' [OPINION] The Scottish Police Federation is set to begin its “most overt” action in a century later today after they were offered a “derisory” pay rise offer of just £565. A withdrawal of goodwill sees officers not beginning shifts early and ending shifts at the rostered time unless told to work late. According to the BBC, they will also claim payment for every period of overtime and not take home protective and political equipment. A Police Scotland spokesman said it was committed to seeking a pay settlement. He added: “We recognise the considerable goodwill officers bring to their roles on a daily basis as they keep people safe across the country, and this is also valued by the communities they serve.”