Cristiano Ronaldo's escape route from Manchester United could be in tatters after reports suggested that Bayern Munich had registered their interest in Napoli striker Victor Osimhen - potentially shunting the Portuguese star further down the pecking order on their shortlist. Reports have suggested for two weeks that Ronaldo is unhappy at United over their failure to qualify for the Champions League and their idleness in the transfer market so far this summer. The attacker holds nothing against the Red Devils, although his stature in the game and desire to compete at the top means he is likely to consider a move away from the club this summer. Bayern Munich and Chelsea have been the two sides credited with the biggest interest in securing his signature, although it remains to be seen if a deal can be struck with United to let their star man leave the club. And according to Corriere dello Sport, his escape route to Germany could cease to exist with the Bavarian club being linked with a mega-money move for Osimhen to lead their line if Robert Lewandowski departs the club for Barcelona - which would also harm Arsenal and Tottenham, who hold an interest in the Nigerian. The report states that Lewandowski's desire to join Xavi at the Nou Camp has left Bayern scrambling for a striker replacement this summer. Ronaldo had been touted as a potential target given his quality and relatively low price due to his age. However, club chiefs have reportedly made contact with Napoli to confirm their interest in the pacy hitman. It would strike a blow for the Portugal star, who is short of options should he wish to continue his Champions League adventure. Chelsea could also be interested in his services, although The Athletic claimed that it is so far unknown as to whether Thomas Tuchel would opt to sign him due to his age. With Osimhen representing a younger and more mobile option than Ronaldo, Bayern may see his signature to be cheaper in the long-run. And that may leave Ronaldo playing Europa League football for the first time in 20 years. United have yet to be overly proactive in the market, although a flurry of signings are expected in the coming days. Tyrell Malacia became Erik ten Hag's first signing on Tuesday in a £13million deal from Feyenoord, as Alex Telles looks to be pushed closer to the exit by the Dutchman. A first marquee signing in Frenkie de Jong is also expected to be completed within a weeks' time to heavily boost United's quality in the centre of midfield. And Christian Eriksen could also waltz through the Old Trafford doors to represent a real upturn in quality since the end of the season.