Lorraine Kelly recently revealed she had lost a whopping 11lb after following a new diet plan set out by WW, helping her cut unwanted pounds but still indulging in sweet treats. And in a bid to help others reach their goals, the TV icon's WW coach, Suzie Stirling, shared some of Lorraine’s favourite weight loss methods, which include making vegetable soup to take to work, rewarding herself with a glass of wine and satisfying her chocolate cravings with low cal chocolate spread. After the ITV host jumped from a size 10 to a size 14 due to a lack of exercise and indulging in more junk food when the country went into lockdown, the 62-year-old decided to join the slimming club to shift the pounds and live a healthier life. She appeared in a Instagram live alongside Suzie, where the pair discussed losing weight sensibly and keeping it off. And the weight loss hacks aren't hard to follow. "Moving is about more than going to the gym or running a 5K," Suzie said. "It’s about finding an activity you love and will want to do whatever the weather." READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake Lorraine has a border terrier called Angus who she walks every day. "She also booked herself onto a walking holiday in Spain where she tackled a mountain a day," Suzie added, pointing out getting the body moving can be as simple as a dog walk in the morning, taking the stairs rather than the escalator or doing some stretches while watching TV. Finding something to build into an everyday routine will help people reach their goals and make them feel better in the process. Suzie revealed Lorraine eats a bowl of porridge each morning topped with fruit to keep her going. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] "It fills her up and means she doesn't reach for the pastries that are always readily available at work," she said. It's common knowledge that the body needs to be fuelled with good food and eating a hearty breakfast is the prime time to do this. "You should always try and have a healthy breakfast," said Suzie. "It will help when it comes to avoiding mid-morning snacks." Lorraine has a border terrier called Angus who she walks every day. "She also booked herself onto a walking holiday in Spain where she tackled a mountain a day," Suzie added, pointing out getting the body moving can be as simple as a dog walk in the morning, taking the stairs rather than the escalator or doing some stretches while watching TV. Finding something to build into an everyday routine will help people reach their goals and make them feel better in the process. Eat a good breakfast Suzie revealed Lorraine eats a bowl of porridge each morning topped with fruit to keep her going.  While meal prepping can be off-putting, it will save a lot of time in the long-run. "It does take a bit of thought to eat a really healthy diet that’s good for you, but there are loads of time saving hacks you can use," Suzie explained. She shared that people can make quick and easy meals by cooking extra food in an evening meal and keep it for lunch the next day and freeze meals for another occasion. Lorraine learned to cook from scratch on the WW programme and Suzie revealed: "She was surprised to discover that she really enjoys it." Now, Lorraine takes homemade soups into work that she makes with her daughter Rosie. "This superfood is Lorraine's go-to snack," the weight loss coach said. Bananas are rich in goodness and healthy fibres that help curb appetite and they are incredibly versatile. They contain not only fibre, but potassium, vitamin C, vitamin B6 and several other beneficial plant compounds, which help with digestive and heart health. "You can chop them up and freeze them to make into ice-cold smoothies or an instantly refreshing ice cream," she added.