A fire at Silverstone forced officials to evacuate the circuit's media centre just minutes before free practice got underway at the British Grand Prix on Friday afternoon. A number of people were forced to leave the venue after an alarm sounded, with members of the media informed that a fire had been detected in the building. The incident, which took place in the Silverstone Wing, occurred less than one hour before the start of FP1 at the British Grand Prix when the drivers were preparing themselves for the action at a different part of the circuit. Images on social media showed scores of journalists standing outside the venue after the evacuation order was given by officials as they waited for permission to re-enter the media centre. It comes after Northants Police warned of the possibility of protests over the course of the British Grand Prix weekend, although there are no suggestions that the two events are connected. "We have received credible intelligence that a group of protestors are planning to disrupt the 2022 Formula 1 British Grand Prix and possibly invade the track on race day," they tweeted. JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton using Piquet racism storm as 'fuel' for Silverstone "We want to appeal directly to this group of people. We strongly urge you to not put yourselves, the drivers, as well as the many marshals, volunteers & members of the public, at risk. "Going onto a live racetrack is extremely dangerous. If you go ahead with this reckless plan you're jeopardising lives. "Protesting is, of course, everyone’s human right in this country & we are more than happy to speak with you to help you facilitate a peaceful protest at the circuit, we just please ask that you do not create a situation that puts lives in danger." Max Verstappen will be desperate to secure his first British Grand Prix victory when the five red lights go out on Sunday after crashing out on the opening lap of last year's race after a high-speed tangle with Lewis Hamilton. The Dutchman currently leads the Drivers' Championship standings by a margin of 46 points after winning six of nine Grands Prix over the course of the campaign to date. FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE