 As part of the DWP’s Fighting Fraud in the Welfare System plan, which was announced this year, the department will be given wider powers to investigate its fraud suspicions as well as powers to execute warrants, search and seize evidence. The department’s investigators will also be given powers to make arrests and will introduce a new civil penalty to make more fraudsters pay for their crime. The investigators will be looking into social media accounts, with new powers to access third-party data, for evidence which could show that a person is fraudulently claiming financial support.      They will have to power to surveillance and collect photographs or videos,  audio recordings, and financial data, particularly bank statements which could highlight if a claimant has too much in savings or is living abroad which would make them ineligible for Universal Credit. Currently, the DWP can only request data on identifiable individuals, the new rule will allow them to check every and any potential fraudulent claim. People who broadcast their lives on social media leave a trail of information about themselves and their daily routines. If this is not consistent with the details of that person’s claim for benefits the evidence may end up being used against them. READ MORE: Inheritance tax rate could be slashed to zero     Under the new proposals, these powers will widen to include executing warrants, search and seizure of evidence and even making arrests. Announced in May, the £600million plan from the DWP will see 2,000 trained specialists reviewing more than two million Universal Credit claims over the next five years. The investigators will also assess the entitlements and circumstances of claims that the Government department believes are at risk of being incorrect. In the last year, more than 600 people across the UK were convicted of benefit fraud.    The DWP stated that there was an estimated £6.3 billion of welfare fraud last year, up from £2.8 billion from the previous year, this was also on top of the £2.1 billion worth of benefit errors. At the time, work and pensions secretary, Thérèse Coffey said: “The welfare system is there to help the most vulnerable. It is not a cash machine for callous criminals and it’s vital that the government ensures money is well spent. “Fraud is an ever-present threat and before the pandemic, our efforts brought fraud and error close to record lows. “This plan outlines what we need to fight fraud in 2022 and into the future. Thousands of trained specialists, combined with targeted new tools and powers, will mean we can keep up with fraud in today’s digital age and prevent, detect and deter those who would try to cheat the system.” READ MORE: State pension warning as Britons make ‘common mistake’  The DWP’s definition of benefit fraud is when “someone obtains state benefit they are not entitled to or deliberately fails to report a change in their personal circumstances.” The most common form of benefit fraud is when someone receives unemployment benefits while working. Other common types of benefit fraud are when someone claims to live alone, but receives financial help from their spouse or partner, failing to report a “change of circumstances”, faking an illness or injury to get unemployment or disability benefits, and falsifying accounts to make it seem like a person has less money than they say they do. If the department opens a formal investigation against a person, then they will be notified by either a letter, email, or even over the phone, however, it is typically done through the post.     When a person is told about the investigation, they will also be informed if they will be visited by a Fraud Investigation Officer (FIO), or if they have to attend an interview. In the early investigation stages, a person may not be informed that one is underway until the DWP has decided if they have good reason to formally investigate a potential case of fraud. The Goverment state that the measures set out in the plan will stop an estimated £2billion of loss over the next three years. This will rise to around £4billion over the next five years.   