Nicco Annan stars in P-Valley on Starz, a drama that tells the stories of those at the strip club The Pynk in the heart of Chucalissa, Mississippi. He plays Uncle Clifford, the co-owner of The Pynk who was forced to sell the majority of his shares to Autumn Night, better known as Hailey Colton (played by Elarica Johnson). Unfortunately for Uncle Clifford, Hailey is determined to sell the business in season two. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from P-Valley.Uncle Clifford grew up at The Pynk, watching his Grandmother Ernestine (Loretta Devine) sing there when he was little. While the venue has changed over the decades, the building has remained the same but as Hailey doesn't have this same connection, she wants to sell it on and make a profit. In episode seven, titled Jackson, fans see that she wants to use the money to start a new life with her daughter. She even turned down $5 million in the hope that she could get The Pynk sold for double the price. READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow expert in awe of gold ring found at car boot sale Uncle Clifford is portrayed by actor Nicco Annan who has been one of the main stars from the get-go when series one premiered in 2019. Actor Annan reportedly stands tall at 188cm which is the equivalent of 6ft 2in. His onscreen lover Lil Murda star J Alphonse Nicholson is a little shorter at 5ft 8in tall. Annan is also taller than Lil Murda's first love Big Teak (John Clarence Stewart) who is 5ft 10in. P-Valley is by far Annan's biggest role to date but he has popped up in other popular shows over the years. Some of these include Shameless, This is Us, Claws, Half Sisters and Family Reunion. FX viewers may remember Annan portraying Laurent de Laurent, the transvestite host of the gay night at Claudia's nightclub, in the drama Snowfall in 2018. According to his IMDb page, Annan will be starring in a new comedy called Served which has now been completed. DON'T MISS...Amanda Owen admits Clive would be ‘shocked’ by Ravenseat changes [EXPLAINER]P-Valley’s Uncle Clifford star opens up on Hailey fall-out [CAST]P-Valley’s Uncle Clifford on exploring ‘fresh trauma’ [REVEALED] Uncle Clifford's grandmother Ernestine was ill with COVID-19 and was touched when Lil Murda wanted to help take care of her. Fearing it was the end of her life, Ernestine ran out to the Mississippi River, with the idea of throwing herself in but thankfully, Clifford and Lil Murda were able to stop her. They later filled a bottle up with the river's water and cleansed Ernestine to calm her down. Not only did it make Uncle Clifford's grandmother feel better, but the experience also brought him and Lil Murda closer together. P-Valley will return for season two, episode eight, The Death Drop, on Sunday, July 31, on Starz. Little details are yet known in terms of what the instalment is going to be about with the synopsis giving hardly any information away. The simple description reads: "Some folks across Chucalissa fight for what’s theirs, while others struggle to accept the things they can’t change." P-Valley season 2 continues every Sunday on Starz in the USA and Starzplay via Amazon Prime Video in the UK.