And so it was when Harry took the podium at the United Nations yesterday. The wating world was bombarded with empathetic rhetoric about life during a “painful year in a painful decade”. The pandemic and climate change had left him “battered”, he proclaimed from the lofty heights of the UN lectern. He then proceeded to channel Nelson Mandela in his sermon to the assembled. How Harry dared to draw any comparison between himself and Mandela is one only he knows the answer to. Madiba was a humble man, possessed of great humility and wisdom. Virtues, with the best will in the world, Harry seems to possess only in very sparing quantities. Mandela was never condescending or belittling of anyone. Most significantly he was never, ever, bitter. Mandela was a master at bridging divides, in finding common ground with those against whom he was bitterly opposed. Harry should be reminded that Mandela not only dealt at close quarters with the likes of FW de Klerk, but he also had numerous personal dealings with PW Botha. These two people at one time presided over the grotesque systemic human indignity of apartheid, lest we forget. Us mere mortals wonder perhaps how on earth Harry can possibly really face the everyday struggles that the rest of us must endure from inside the bubble of his California mansion, from the lounge of a private jet, or from astride a polo pony? Yet there he was, boots and all, grasping the hand of Meghan in front of the cameras for what became essentially an extended photo op. He then went on to prove the modern conceit that lack of understanding of a subject is no bar to having an opinion. Many will argue Prince Harry is fully entitled to air his views; in fact, he is doing us a great service in doing so. But hang on a minute,  didn't this UN photo op make a complete mockery of a stated wish post frontline duty as a “working Royal”, to live life privately, and in peace and quiet? Of course it did. Harry remains in the line of succession to the throne. And he and his other half seem to crave the kudos (and indeed the money-making and political potential) that brings yet they reject the full responsibility that also rightly goes with it. The Sussex circus is increasingly political, which is a red line for members of the British Royal Family and perhaps Brits generally. The Queen might consider firmly putting her foot down and making it clear that when Harry shoots his mouth he is expressing his own opinion and NOT that of the British Monarchy or Royal Family, by implication or otherwise.