If left untouched, rambling roses can become tangled, ending up with lots of bare branches. Sharing advice in his latest blog post, gardening expert Monty Don shared a list of jobs to do in July, which included pruning rambling roses. Monty wrote: “It is very important to keep deadheading roses as the petals fade to encourage repeat flowering. “Some roses have now finished all that they are going to do this year. “Most ramblers fall into this category, especially in the south of the country.” This includes varieties like Wedding Day, Paul’s Himalayan Musk and Felicite Perpetue. Monty said these “should be pruned” as soon as they have finished flowering. READ MORE: Royal fans 'shocked' after visiting 'tacky' Buckingham Palace - inside This usually falls at the beginning of July. The gardening expert added: “If you are in doubt as to whether your rose is a climber or rambler, ramblers tend to be much more vigorous and always have a mass of small flowers that never repeat once they have finished. “Many ramblers are best grown into a tree and these can be left unpruned apart from straggly, unkempt, growth. “However, if space is limited or training the rose in any way, this year’s new shoots should be tied in or cut back according to the circumstance. DON'T MISS:Mrs Hinch fans share how to clean mouldy washing machine drawers [COMMENT]Lawn care tips: Two ways to repair ‘patches’ in the grass [EXPERT]How to get rid of common ‘stubborn’ stains using household items [EXPLAINER] “Remove any damaged or very old shoots, cutting them right back to the ground.” If training, Monty recommended doing so round a vertical support. He said it is best to wind the stems in a spiral. The gardening expert added: “Otherwise, the more horizontal the stems that can be trained, the more flowers will be produced next year. READ MORE: Property: Top home improvements buyers could be looking for this year “Finally, tie in any loose growth and mulch well.” For gardeners who have overgrown ramblers, there are ways to renovate them. Firstly, remove all dead, diseases, dying and weak shoots before cutting some of the old branches to the ground. Branches which are young should be retained. The Royal Horticultural Society (RHS) then recommended sawing away any dead stumps at the base of the plant, where rain can collect and encourage rot. The experts added: “Shorten side shoots on the remaining branches and prune back the tips by one third to one half, to encourage branching. “Give pruned plants a boost in the following spring by spreading a granular rose fertiliser over the soil and mulch them with a two inch layer of garden compost or well rotted manure.” Gardeners should also harvest garlic and shallots in July as well as prune summer currants. This includes gooseberries, red curtains and white currants.