Stranger Things season four, volume two arrived on Netflix this month and the TV series has made its way to the top of the most-watched chart. Vecna (played by Jamie Campbell Bower) is the new big bad of the supernatural series, and he is known for breaking the bones of his victims. Digital Domain worked on the visual effects for the fourth season and they spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about the most challenging scene so far. The first volume of Stranger Things season four included some terrifying visuals and it has been branded the darkest season yet. Digital Domain worked on everything from the black widow spiders to full CG environments like Lover's Lake. One of the most iconic scenes is when Henry Creel transformed into Vecna after his confrontation with Eleven (Millie Bobby Brown). VFX supervisor Manolo Mantero worked on this shocking scene, but it was not the most challenging. The star said one of the most complex scenes was the death of Patrick (Myles Truitt). READ MORE: Is Max blind in Stranger Things? Speaking to Express.co.uk, Manolo said: "Our first long sequence in the show happened during chapter five when we created Patrick’s killing on Lover’s Lake. "We opened the episode with a single shot of a spider on Steve’s shoulder (that received a standing ovation from the Duffer Brothers), and then jumped straight into the cold waters of Lover’s Lake. "The sequence was shot on a water tank, and we had to fully recreate the lake with FX water sims around the boat and a full CG 360 shoreline, including a few full CG wide shots. "Patrick was fully digital for the occasion, and we certainly had lots of fun breaking every bone on his face and body in the most gruesome way possible." Vecna killed each of his victims in the same way, breaking their bones and taking away their eyes. Manolo added: "Without a doubt, Patrick's death and the Hellscape sequences were the most challenging jobs of the season for volume one. "For the death of Patrick, it was very challenging to find the right choreography to sync with the 180-moving camera. "Every bone needed to break at the right time, at the right angle, with the right amount of violence and anticipation to create the effect that the Duffer Brothers and production-side VFX supervisors were after. "Once the animation was in place, the workflow was very linear. "First muscles and bone protrusion simulation, then skin simulation, cloth simulation after that, and finally FX water drops and blood running on top of everything." DON'T MISS... Joseph Quinn age: How old is Stranger Things’ Eddie Munson star? [EXPLAINER]Stranger Things season 4 part 2 ending explained: Does Max die? [INSIGHT] Why was Will crying in Stranger Things? [DISCUSSION] One of the star's favourite moments was the close-ups on the fully digital Patrick’s face. Manolo said: "We were given the film Suspiria as a reference, and added an incredible amount of detail to his face." The VFX expert loved all the references to Nightmare on Elm Street and Carrie in the latest season. There was also an iconic Silence of the Lambs reference involving Victor Creel (Robert Englund). Manolo added: "The final episode on volume one was a real jaw-dropper. "I thought it was very clever of the Duffer Brothers to show things through interlaced flashbacks. "It was a great way to tie things together and show not only who was responsible for the massacre at the lab, but that the mysterious orderly, Henry Creel, One and Vecna were all the same person." The second volume, made up of two feature-length episodes, dropped on July 1. Season five is currently in the making, and it will be the show's final season.   Stranger Things season 4 is on Netflix now. Season 5 is in the making.