Forecasters predict tomorrow will be the hottest day of the year so far at 92F, as Greek island Santorini sizzles at a cooler 84F. But a heat-health alert has been issued for some regions, with those in affected areas advised to shade or cover windows and check on the vulnerable and the elderly. Met Office forecaster Steven Keates warned that the warmest weather is still to come. He said: "We're in for a real rollercoaster which may take people by surprise." And looking ahead to the weekend, he warned: "We could have some really exceptional record-breaking heat and it will ramp up suddenly - like someone has turned on the gas. "Some models from America indicate we could see 43C in East Anglia on Sunday, which would obliterate the current UK record." Sunseekers yesterday made the most of the balmy temperatures by flocking to the nation's beaches, outdoor beauty spots and festivals. Cricketers from the Ship Inn played against visitors Marylebone Cricket Club on the beach at Elie, Fife. The Ship Inn pub is the only cricket team in the UK to play their matches on a beach, tide permitting. Meanwhile, tourists soaked up the rays by the River Cam in Cambridge and got to Weymouth early to secure the best spots on the Dorset beach. Andrew and Rosie Elms, owners of Lordington Lavender in West Sussex, spent the morning inspecting their fields of purple blooms on the farm near Chichester. Temperatures today will hover around 89F and continue climbing throughout the week. But the UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA) and Met Office have put in place a Level 2 warning for the South West, East Midlands, West Midlands, North West, Yorkshire and the Humber regions.  Meanwhile, the alert level for the East of England, South East and London has been raised to Level 3. Dr Agostinho Sousa, UKHSA head of extreme events and health protection, said: "Heat-health alerts have n b i dt th j it f now been issued to the majority ofthe country, with temperatures set to remain consistently high throughout the duration of the week. "Most of us can enjoy the hot weather when it arrives, but it is important to keep yourself hydrated and to find shade where possible h when UV rays are strongest, between 11am and 3pm. If you have vulnerable family, friends and neighbours, make sure they are aware of how they can keep themselves protected from the warm weather." The UK's record high for 2022 so far stands at 90.86F, taken at Heathrow on June 17. The all-time temperature record for the UK is 102F, set at Cambridge University on July 25, 2019. Forecasters at The Weather Outlook said: "A new record is possible and some computer model runs show the current one being smashed. Most of the data is presently suggesting the hottest day is likely to be on the 17th or 18th, but there is still much uncertainty about how things will develop. "Temperatures in parts of southern Europe have been at record breaking levels and some of that heat could be heading northwards."  