Cristiano Ronaldo has called reports he is in talks over a return to Sporting Lisbon on loan as "fake". Ronaldo wants to leave Manchester United this summer and join a team playing in the Champions League. Bayern Munich and Chelsea have been linked with signing the striker this summer. However, the Blues have decided against pursuing a deal. Sporting finished second in the league last season so will be playing in Europe's elite club competition this term. Ronaldo started his career in the Portugal capital and reports claimed he could be on his way back to where it all began. Portuguese TV station SPORT TV Portugal said talks are underway regarding a loan move for the 37-year-old. The outlet claims there are pictures supposedly of Ronaldo's car in the garage of Sporting's Estadio Jose Alvalade. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd announcement, Chelsea signing 'very close', De Jong update  However, Ronaldo has denied that is the case. Responding to a post from SPORT TV Portugal's Instagram account, he wrote: "Fake". Transfer expert Fabrizio Romano relayed Ronaldo's reaction on Twitter. Romano wrote: "Cristiano Ronaldo officially describes rumours of his imminent comeback to Sporting as 'fake news'. Ronaldo denies this rumour as he’s not considering to re-join Sporting this summer." The forward has entered the final year of his contract at United. He rejoined the club from Juventus last summer and was the side's leading goalscorer in all competitions with 24 strikes to his name last term. United boss Erik ten Hag insists Ronaldo is not for sale and is part of his plans this season. Speaking to the press last week, Ten Hag said: “I have read [that Ronaldo wants to leave], but what I say is Cristiano is not for sale. "He is in our plans and we want success together. I’m looking forward to working with him.” DON'T MISSMan Utd already working on fourth and fifth signings as Martinez deal confirmedArsenal told Oleksandr Zinchenko's not enough and Gunners could 'be cut adrift' from SpursChelsea 'very close' to signing Jules Kounde as Thomas Tuchel gets Barcelona revenge  Ronaldo is currently not with the United side on their pre-season tour. He is yet to return to training due to personal problems. Ten Hag added: "He is not with us and that is due to personal issues. But we are planning with Cristiano for this season, so that's it and I am looking forward to working with him. "I spoke with him before this issue came up. I had a really good conversation with him, but that will stay between me and him. But Cristiano is not for sale.” United start their Premier League season in three weeks' time against Brighton, not knowing whether Ronaldo will still be at the club. Ten Hag completed his third signing as manager on Sunday, getting a deal for Lisandro Martinez over the line. Martinez adds to the arrivals of Dutch left-back Tyrell Malacia and free agent signing Christian Eriksen. Frenkie de Jong remains a target but the player is not keen on leaving Barcelona. 