Royal commentator Richard Palmer rejected the rumours saying that Prince Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge, was wearing polka dots dresses as a sign of respect towards the late Princess Diana who also wore them frequently. The Duchess of Cambridge has added polka dot pieces from Alessandra Rich, Emilia Wickstead, L.K.Bennett, Topshop and more to her ever-growing collection. She sported a gorgeous navy polka dot dress at the All England Lawn and Tennis Club to watch the Wimbledon men's singles final between Novak Djokovic and Nick Kyrgios last weekend. However, Mr Palmer dismissed the fashionable link to the Princess of Wales. Royal Round Up host Pandora Forsyth began by asking: "Now lots of people have been saying on Twitter that Kate has been wearing polka dot recently. "Now we do know that the late prince Diana or lots of polka dots as well. "Do you think this is a conscious decision, or do you think it’s just the fact that it’s fashionable? Kate looks great in it. "Or do you think it’s very much a sign of respect towards the late Princess Diana?" Mr Palmer said: "I don’t think it’s anything to do with Diana. I think it’s just fashion has come around again, and I think it’s as simple as that. "I mean, that’s life, isn’t it? When I first started working in local newspapers some years ago, I thought it was tremendously exciting that you’d work on a Saturday and for a couple of years, I thought, I’ve done this stuff before. "I’ve done exactly all of the, you know, exactly the six or seven different baits and other things. "But it’s the same with fashion. Things come and go. And polka dots came back in." READ MORE:Queen sent warning monarchy is 'on borrowed time' Pandora Forsyth said: "A bit of déjà vu there perhaps. But you know anything that the royals do just gets picked up, doesn’t it? And then the comparisons happen and everything like that." Mr Palmer said: "Oh gosh, yes. I mean, I rarely do anything about it but I get emails from PRs and I know all the other royal customers do from other people saying, you know, there’s a 350 percent increase in people searching for red polka dots dresses or whatever. "Whenever, particularly, she wears anything. But also, some other members of the royal family as well." The last time Princess Kate was seen wearing a polka dot dress was Sunday when the Duchess of Cambridge sported an Alessandra Rich dress to Wimbledon. DON'T MISS:Royal Family: 'Explosive truth bombs' Prince Harry poised to p... [REVEALED]Pippa Middleton buys new £15m property in Berkshire for growing family [REPORT]Meghan Markle's 'signature gesture' is 'misinterpreted' claims expert [ANALYSIS] It came after she wore different polka dot dresses to Wimbledon and Royal Ascot. Celebrity stylist Rachel Gold told FEMAIL: "The polka dot is so versatile. It is super on trend and can be dressed up or dressed down. "Anyone of any age can wear polka dots and this could be the hidden secret that keeps it so on trend and loved." READ NEXT:Kate and Prince William told to keep children out of public eyePrince William's new role laid bare at Earthshot PrizeKate and William to join Camilla and Charles in 'joint reign' Kate shows 'element of control' over children with 'intimate' strategyPrincess Charlotte and Prince George facing 'daunting concept'