Kate Ferdinand, 31, took to Instagram and announced the heartbreaking news while sharing a photo from the hospital. Rio Ferdinand's wife explained she is due to have surgery after a 12 week scan revealed the couple had lost their baby. The 31 year old took to the picture-sharing site and detailed the heartbreaking news as she posted a black and white image of herself in a hospital gown. She wrote: "The last time I was in this hospital I was having Cree, but this time it was because our baby had no heartbeat in our 12 week scan and I had to have surgery," followed by a heartbroken emoji. Kate, who shares son Cree with her husband Rio, continued: "We were so excited & planning a space for our new baby in our family, we just couldn’t wait to share our news with you all, but unfortunately sometimes life just doesn’t go as we plan. "So much to say, but somehow I can’t find the words. Absolutely devastated & heartbroken …but couldn’t be more grateful for the hugs I got from my big(er) babies coming through the door when we arrived home," with a broken heart emoji and a praying hands emoji. READ MORE: Tom Jones, 82, sits during UK gig as singer seen using walking stick The reality star was inundated with messages of support from celebrity pals and fans alike. Sam Faiers wrote: "This is heartbreaking sending you lots of love and strength x x," with a crying emoji. Georgia Kousoulou shared: "So sorry Kate," with a red heart emoji. Pregnant Lottie Tomlinson said: "So sorry," with a crying emoji and three red heart emojis. Fans also offered their condolences to the couple, as Demi penned: "Sorry to hear this kate thinking of you and your family." Jasmine Hollie wrote: "Sending you so much love." Dr Lisa offered: "Oh kate I’m so sorry. No words can really help. Just surround yourself with love." Holly Miles added: "That is so sad, I’m so sorry." DON'T MISS... Jeremy Clarkson's girlfriend Lisa showcases flexibility in bikini[LATEST]Martin Roberts 'worried for his life' as he talks 'trap set by wife'[TWITTER]Tom Jones, 82, sits during UK gig as singer seen using walking stick[PICTURES] In December 2020, Kate and Rio welcomed their first child together, son Cree. The birth of their son was not without complications though as she was rushed in for an emergency C-section. Sharing a snap of her bruised body at the time, she explained: “I wanted to share this with you. This is me ... and let me add this is a much better version of me than the last 10 days. “After having an emergency c section, and a bit of a traumatic birth I’ve been completely wiped out. "The happiness has been overwhelming but so have the tears and emotions, I’ve felt like I can’t do what I’m meant to be doing with Cree as I haven’t been able to change or feed him consistently which has had me feeling all types of guilt, for Cree, Rio & that I can’t be doing what I normally do for the kids. “It’s a whirlwind I just wasn’t expecting ... but at the same time the most perfect whirlwind." Rio has three more children Lorenz, 14, Tate, 12, and Tia, nine, who he shared with his late wife Rebecca. If you have been affected by this story, you can call the Samaritans on 116 123 or visit www.samaritans.org.