Barcelona midfielder Frenkie de Jong has decided against publicly pushing to join Manchester United, according to reports. Some have stated the 25-year-old flatly doesn’t want to move to Old Trafford. Yet this doesn’t appear to be the case, with the Netherlands international very much open to working with Erik ten Hag again. Manchester United first opened talks with Barcelona for De Jong back in May. They’ve finally agreed a fee with their La Liga counterparts, with the Red Devils willing to pay an initial £63million for the midfielder - with another £8m coming in add-ons and bonuses. Many reports in Catalonia, as well as in the United Kingdom, have claimed De Jong is unwilling to join United. Their lack of Champions League football, coupled with their plight since Sir Alex Ferguson’s retirement, has been mooted as a factor behind his stance. Now, though, the Mirror say sources close to the player say De Jong is ‘willing’ to join United this summer. Yet the Dutchman and his agent, Ali Dursan, are both in agreement when it comes to publicly expressing a desire to move to England. Man Utd transfers: Barcelona draw up De Jong punishment plan The pair supposedly think it would ‘weaken their position’ with Barcelona - especially as the Catalan giants owe the 25-year-old millions in deferred wages. At the start of the coronavirus pandemic in 2020, De Jong agreed to take a temporary pay cut. And that means Barcelona owe their No 21 a huge £17m - an amount they’re so far reluctant to pay. This, it’s claimed, is holding up De Jong’s potential move to Old Trafford despite a fee being agreed. Personal terms aren’t expected to be a problem, either, with United set to make him one of the highest-earners at the club. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong Yet there’s still no end in sight and, should a move fail to materialise, the Red Devils could move on to other targets. Ruben Neves, of Wolves, has long had admirers at United - though would likely cost in the region of £100m. And Youri Tielemans is another option, though there’s a sense the Leicester star would rather leave the King Power Stadium for Arsenal instead. Many United fans have grown tired of the De Jong saga. But Lee Sharpe, speaking recently, praised the Red Devils for the way they’ve handled the negotiations for the player so far. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. "I think the manager will have a really good relationship with him. "It's a little bit of paperwork and Manchester United are going about it pretty professionally. "It's a shame that it's taking so long. But I think if the manager really wants him, and that's his No 1 target, they have to be patient and try to get it across the line as soon as they can." He then added: "What a player. A marquee player. "I think he's Erik ten Hag's No 1, on his list. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “If they can get him across the line, fingers crossed they can, I think he would be an amazing signing." If United do sign De Jong, he’d become their latest Dutch recruit. Jaap Stam was a huge hit upon moving in 1998, helping the club win the treble the following year. Ruud van Nistelrooy, Robin van Persie and Alexander Buttner all won the Premier League title at Old Trafford, while Edwin van der Sar won four of them. And Daley Blind, Memphis Depay, Tim Fosu-Mensah, Tahith Chong and Donny van de Beek have all featured for the club in recent years. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here