Equestrian and royal icon Zara Tindall rocked a gorgeous floral gown at the Queen's Platinum Pageant on June 5, 2022. But this was not the first time royal fans spotted the garment. Zara Tindall wowed as always in a floor-length Zimmermann dress. The dress reportedly cost £740. It was predominantly cream but covered in splashes of green, purple and raspberry. The delicate dress was Broderie anglaise. READ MORE: Kate Middleton's style inspo is royal 49 years her senior - pictures It featured balloon sleeves giving the royal a windswept look. She was cinched in at the waist by a subtle belt which was part of the dress. As for accessories, the royal opted for her Aspinal of London Camera A cross-body bag. The bag, in Ivory Pebble, is priced at £295. She also went for a pair of Illesteva sunglasses. These look to be the Leonard II E Sunglasses in tortoise. The $240 sunnies work out to be just under £200 - for those who want to recreate Zara's look. As for her and makeup, the royal wore her blonde tresses in loose waves and looked beautifully put together with a touch of blush, bronzer and pale pink lipstick. READ MORE: Queen Letizia and Jill Biden wow in almost matching sandals - pictures While the royal did undoubtedly look stunning in her Zimmermann dress and pretty accessories, she was not the first royal fashion icon who wore the look. Crown Princess Mary of Denmark, who at 50 is nine years Zara's senior, stepped out in the Zimmermann gown three years prior. The European royal wore the floral piece to Princess Ingrid Alexandra's confirmation in August 2019. Princess Mary looked radiant in the number but accessorised very differently. She wore a deep purple statement headband complete with a large flower. This perfectly complemented her chic clutch bag in the same colour. Her beautiful diamond drop earrings stole the show, incorporating a large lilac stone. As for hair and makeup, the Danish Princess went for loose curls and a bold red lip. She also wore the gown more recently - and just before Zara - at the wedding of Prince Gustav of Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berleburg and Carina Axelssonon on June 3. Speaking about the two royals, Instagram user @12michelle12 said: "Gorgeous dress, and both women look fabulous."