Inheritance tax receipts have already increased by £300million in 2022, as more Britons are caught in the net. Experts say this rise has been driven by booming property prices but there are ways Britons can pay less to HMRC. More Britons than ever before are being forced to pay inheritance tax because thresholds haven’t risen in 10 years, but property prices continue to increase. Receipts for the first quarter of the 2022 financial year hit £1.8billion – £0.3billion more than the same quarter last year. Stephen Lowe, group communications director at retirement specialist Just Group, said frozen tax thresholds and the booming property market were to blame and it’s only going to get worse. He said: “The Office for Budget Responsibility (OBR) forecasts that as many as 6.5 percent of estates could be liable for inheritance tax by 2026 – nearly double the 3.7 percent that the figures show for the latest financial year.” READ MORE: Universal Credit to PIP: DWP benefits you could claim With property prices continuing to rise it’s not unusual for an average sized house to sell for £325,000. Although average property prices have risen by 53 percent in the last ten years, the threshold for paying IHT has stayed the same since 2009. This is despite empty promises to abolish it - something that has angered Britons. It was widely expected to be increased in the Spring Budget of 2021, but instead the Chancellor announced it would be frozen until 2026 at least. DON'T MISSGrandparents urged 'reduce your bill' as inheritance tax rises [WARNING]Ice cream startup worth £86million after Dragons Den rejection [INSIGHT]Savings: Brits lose £1,000 as inflation rises and rates remain low [ALERT]Impressive savings’: Millions of Britons could save £130 a month [INSIGHT] It’s not just people in London and the South East who are being caught in the net because of rising property prices. Mr Lowe explained: “The value of homes in the South West, for example, are up by 17 percent year-on-year and those in the East of England and East Midlands are up by 15 percent, adding many tens of thousands to the value of homeowners’ estates. “It makes good sense for people to keep track of the likely size of their estate and the tax rules that will apply to it.” However, there are 10 things grandparents can do to ensure their loved ones avoid an inheritance tax bill or pay less. READ MORE: 6 Attendance Allowance myths which stop people claiming £369 a month Wealth Club recommends 11 tips for saving money on inheritance tax:   However, it’s not a good idea to put your house in your children’s name in an attempt to avoid paying inheritance tax or care home fees. A will writer recently told Express.co.uk why he believes Britons should not give their house to children before they die. Instead of making life easier, it could really complicate matters, he said, the best advice is to talk to a professional. 