Claire Nasir from the meteorological service said that the earlier hours on Thursday morning would be cooler than the previous evening. There would also be some showers in northern areas but southern areas would enjoy plenty of sunshine.  She said: "Many areas seeing some clearer skies overnight and temperatures falling to around 8C or 9C in the highlands of Scotland. "And even in the Midlands we'll see around 10C or 11C. "So hanging on to the mid-teens towards the southeast, but a lot of lower than the night before where we saw temperatures in excess of 20C overnight. "First thing then on Thursday morning, pleasant for most with again some sunny spells.  "But look at this, a rash of showers develops across western Scotland, northwest England, Northern Ireland. "And they'll develop inland further east through the day across eastern Scotland, as far south as the Humber even wash, we could see one or two here. "Now across much of Wales you'll see some fine conditions. "England, central, southern parts of England, certainly down towards the west country. READ MORE: UK heatwave: How hot is too hot to work? Your legal rights explained  "Blue sky and sunshine here. And that's where we'll see the best of the temperatures again. If you like the warm weather. "Very warm across southern parts of Wales and again, very warm towards the south east where we'll see values coming in around 27,28C." Ms Nasir went on to describe the situation over the next few days with some showers on Thursday evening and on Friday before temperatures rose to extreme levels that have led the Met Office to issue a extreme heat warning from Sunday to Tuesday. She said: "Come Thursday night and into Friday, an area of cloud and rain slides in towards the west across western Scotland as well as Northern Ireland. DON'T MISS: UK heatwave warning: National emergency could be imminent [REVEAL] Ambulance services on 'high alert' due to hot weather [INSIGHT] Cornwall water row: UK tourists told to 'bring their own' on holiday  [SPOTLIGHT]  "Northwest England will see some showers in its wake through the afternoon on Friday. "And then slowly temperatures rise into the weekend where most places dominated by high pressure will see dry and fine conditions and also some strong sunshine. "By Sunday, there's an extreme heat warning in place across much of England and Wales as temperatures rise into the high twenties, if not low thirties. "And that heat extends across the country through Saturday and into Sunday, where we're expecting the peak heat in the south on Monday and into Tuesday. "And that warning extends into Tuesday." 