Boris Johnson resigned from his position as Conservative Party leader and British Prime Minister on July 7 following a series of resignations from within his Government making his position untenable. The Tory leadership race is now in its final stages with Foreign Secretary Liz Truss and former Chancellor Rishi Sunak facing off against each other to succeed Mr Johnson. Eight Tory MPs qualified to enter the leadership race and the final five candidates took part in two televised debates. READ MORE: Boris tipped for NATO top job after 'hero' PMs Ukraine role During the second debate on Sunday, July 17, ITV’s Julie Etchingham chaired the discussion between candidates Ms Truss, Mr Sunak, Penny Mordaunt, Kemi Badenoch and Tom Tugendhat. All leadership hopefuls distanced themselves from the outgoing Prime Minister as they went head to head on issues including the cost of living crisis and Brexit. None of the candidates said they were willing to promise Mr Johnson a role in their cabinet. All sought to present themselves as trustworthy with promises of a fresh start away from the Tory Party’s recent scandals. Before he was eliminated from the leadership race, Chancellor Nadhim Zahawi said that he would offer Mr Johnson a cabinet position. He told LBC: “If [Mr Johnson] wishes to serve in the cabinet then I would certainly offer him a job. “He has been probably the most consequential Prime Minister of his generation.” Mr Zahawi said the outgoing PM had “delivered Brexit” and “got us through a global pandemic”. Yet his comments were made less than a week after he told the Prime Minister to resign. DON'T MISS: Boris warns 'Remainiacs plotting in dark corners of Westminster' [INSIGHT]Boris may be going for now but he will be back stronger - TOM BOWER [COMMENT]Boris expects to RETURN as Prime Minister next year [LATEST] Mr Johnson previously served as Foreign Secretary from 2016 to 2018 before resigning and becoming a backbench MP ahead of his premiership from 2019. Ms Truss and Mr Sunak face a series of hustings over the summer before a postal ballot of Tory Party members. Mr Johnson’s successor is due to be announced on September 5, and they will then form a cabinet. So what do YOU think? Should Boris Johnson be given a cabinet position under the new Prime Minister? Vote in our poll and join the debate in the comment section below.