Former Manchester United midfielder Roy Keane made a dig at Arsenal and claimed that the Gunners gave Tottenham boss Antonio Conte a “helping hand” as they missed out on the top four and Champions League football next season. Mikel Arteta’s side finished two points behind their north London rivals, despite holding a commanding lead over Spurs going into the tail-end of the season. Speaking to SkyBet with Micah Richards and Graeme Souness, Spurs were discussed as possible title challengers to Manchester City. “Liverpool and Man City are too good,” Richards said. “Spurs? They might get top four again but I don’t think they’re on the same level. He [Conte] is a serial winner and I think he will win something, Conte, I really do, what he’s done since he came in is really incredible.” Souness joined the former Manchester City man in praising the work the Italian boss has done since taking over from Nuno Espirito Santo in November. “I think Spurs have a determination and doggedness about them,” he said. “Which I haven’t seen in them since the early days of [Mauricio] Pochettino.” Keane then interrupted at Arsenal’s expense. “But he got a helping hand,” Keane said. “Didn’t he? With Arsenal.” Richards hit back at Keane for his continued criticism of the Gunners. “You always like a little dig at Arsenal, don't you?” Richards replied. “What’s your beef with Arsenal?” Transfer news LIVE: De Jong to Man Utd, Chelsea reach agreement, Cristiano Ronaldo update Keane explained: “They blew it at the end. They got themselves in a great position, as brilliant as Spurs done, Arsenal had it in their hands and they blew it.” Tottenham have been praised for their summer acquisitions after securing Champions League football, bringing in Richarlison, Yves Bissouma, Ivan Perisic, Clement Lenglet and Fraser Forster to bolster their squad. Arsenal have brought in Gabriel Jesus, Fabio Vieira, Matt Turner and Marquinhos as the two sides look to battle each other for top four again next season. DON'T MISSCristiano Ronaldo 'impressed by Richard Arnold' as Man Utd chief makes stance clearManchester United boss Erik ten Hag warned he may have a new Paul PogbaMan Utd boss Erik ten Hag makes Darren Fletcher tweak following Ralf Rangnick row After guiding Spurs to fourth place last season, Conte believes that is just the start for his team. “I think we have just started this project with the club,” Conte told reporters in South Korea. “You know very well my ambitions. I want the club to continue to improve. "Last season, I think to finish in the top four was a great achievement for us, for the players, for the club, for me, for our fans, but as I said we have just started this project now. “We need to have time and patience but at the same time it is very important to be stronger than in the past and try to be competitive because we have four competitions and we want to be competitive and have ambition. I have ambition and my players want to be ambitious, it’s the same for the club."