Emma Watson's most notable role is that of Hermoine Granger in the Harry Potter film series which is based on JK Rowling's best-selling novels. The actress has previously made no secret in the past that she disagrees with the billionaire author's views on transgender rights. It comes after the 56-year-old came under fire in early June 2020 for controversial tweets she posted about the transgender community. Rowling retweeted an op-ed piece that discussed “people who menstruate,” apparently taking issue with the fact that the story did not use the word women. The initial tweet garnered a lot of backlash, but Rowling did not relent and stood by her views saying she "loves and respects every trans person" but added that at the same time "my life has been shaped by being female". The author added: "I do not believe it’s hateful to say so.” READ MORE: Strictly's Amy Dowden bids 'sad' farewell after wedding Her stance has caused fans and stars like Emma, Daniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grint, and Eddie Redmayne to speak out against her opinions. Emma took to the stage to present the award of Best Outstanding British Film at the Royal Albert Hall back in March. After she was introduced by host Rebel Wilson, she appeared to make a savage dig at the best-selling author following her controversial comments on transgender women. As Rebel, 42, welcomed Emma to the stage, the Australian actress quipped: "Here to present the next award is Emma Watson. She calls herself a feminist, but we all know she’s a witch."  To which Emma replied: "I’m here for ALL the witches." Following her statement, eagle-eyed viewers took to social media at the time to discuss whether or not the actress' comments were aimed at Rowling. "Ooooooh Emma Watson throwing so much shade at JK Rowling! This is the drama I needed tonight," quipped on BAFTA viewer. "Loving Emma Watson's vibe tonight. Hitting JK Rowling where it hurts," another penned. DON'T MISS... Loose Women's Coleen Nolan splits from Tinder boyfriend Michael Jones[LATEST]Joan Collins, 89, 'recovering' after being 'airlifted' to hospital[HEALTH]Carol Vorderman delights fans in pink top after replacing Lorraine[PICTURES] "Woah! Emma just went IN on JK Rowling," someone else insisted. A fourth joked: "JK Rowling is somewhere shaking after that comment from Emma. What a classy woman." Following Rowling's initial tweet about women's rights, the author then shared an essay discussing her thoughts on biological sex. She said her issues stemmed from being a survivor of abuse which gave her concerns about single sex spaces. "I'm mentioning these things now not in an attempt to garner sympathy, but out of solidarity with the huge numbers of women who have histories like mine, who've been slurred as bigots for having concerns around single-sex spaces," she wrote. Months later, the debate resurfaced when it was revealed that the villain in Rowling's book Troubled blood, was a male serial killer who dons a woman's coat and wig when killing his victims. Rowling, who released the crime fiction novel under the pseudonym Robert Galbraith, came under fire from accusations of transphobia once again. Among those weighing in on the debate were some of Harry Potter's biggest stars.