One woman, Lori Harito, 35, returned to Heathrow after a week to try and find her lost bag, spending hours rooting through hundreds of cases. She is just one of many to find their luggage has been lost by an airline in recent weeks. Now a flight attendant has claimed to know a trick that would mean travellers' luggage would never get lost again by an airline. She claimed this is "how to 100 percent guarantee that on your next flight your checked luggage will not get lost." Flight attendant Cici posts her travel expertise to her TikTok account cici_inthesky, where she boasts over 30k followers. The air steward specialises in insider travel advice, like one recent tip to help with sore ears on a flight. Cici said: "Multiple people have used Apple AirTag to find their bags that have been lost. READ MORE: 'Higher chances of an upgrade': Luxury pro shares hotel secrets for a 'superior room' "So, just take one of these little guys and hide it in your checked luggage just in case." The Apple AirTag is a device from the Apple brand. It is a tag that can be used to keep on top of your items. The brand says: "AirTag is a super-easy way to keep track of your stuff. Attach one to your keys, and slip another in your backpack. "And just like that, they’re on your radar in the Find My app, where you can also track down your Apple devices and keep up with friends and family." DON'T MISS'I couldn't watch films because of woman's strange behaviour' [REAL LIFE] Flight attendant shares what passengers 'should never drink' [WARNING] Cheapest seaside town to visit during UK heatwave [TRAVEL ADVICE] The devices cost upwards of £29 and can tell you where your items are within feet of accuracy. You can also put your tag in "Lost Most". The next time the item is detected by Apple's network, you'll get a notification. Cici went on: "It's your little insurance policy and they're like 20 bucks. "Most airlines will take great care of your bags, but why not add a layer of protection?" One follower of Cici's used the trick to great effect. They wrote: "They are $30, but worth it. "I used it and found my bag had been delivered to the wrong carousel." Other devices with similar functionality have also been used with success. One person said: "I flew to the Cayman Islands and placed a Samsung Smart Tag in my luggage, it's amazing. "I use them on my keys and purse every day." Another said: "Great for luggage, yes!!! I keep one hidden in my car … sometimes I forget which row of cars I parked at." Another travel expert recently discussed how to beat airlines' outrageous extra baggage charges. Ellie is the money mastermind behind This Girl Talks Money. She is a money saving expert, a financial writer, speaker and educator and host of Money Unfiltered. She recently told Express.co.uk readers how they can beat the extra costs added to flights by budget airlines. Ellie put her mind to some solutions aimed at taking the sting out of these additional fees.