NBC’s highly acclaimed competition series, America’s Got Talent returned to screens for another instalment of auditions. This week, both the judges and viewers were left speechless after witnessing Ukrainian aerialist Svitlana Rohozhyna’s performance, which she dedicated to her father.  America’s Got Talent saw a plethora of hopefuls grace the stage for the seventh week of auditions in hopes of taking home the cash prize of $1 million (£831,370,00). As well as becoming a millionaire, the winner of the show would also gain the opportunity to showcase their talent in Las Vegas. This week fans watched a variety of acts of all ages gave it their all, these acts included singers, dancers, and a saxophonist. However, viewers were amazed when the Kyiv native, Svitlana an aerialist, put on an elegant show which she dedicated to her father, who is fighting on the front line. READ MORE: Lorraine Kelly in savage sweating jibe at Prince Andrew After the 26-year-old introduced herself to the judges, panellist Heidi Klum stated: “All of our hearts and our love are with Ukraine.” Svitlana opened up about her living situation and revealed: “I’m currently living in Las Vegas and following my American dream. “I was very lucky and was able to bring my mum and sister over here in the United States last week.” The aerialist added: “My dad, he’s serving in the front line, so tonight’s performance I would love to dedicate for him.”  As Svitlana prepared for her performance, Simon noted: “She is literally shaking.” With ‘Rescue’ by Lauren Daigle playing, she effortlessly danced and spun across an enormous chandelier which hung from the ceiling. As fellow judges Sofia Vergara and Simon watched in awe, Heidi commented: “Look how strong she is.” The panel weren’t the only ones left awestruck by Svitlana as fans watching at home also took to social media to praise the aerialist. DON'T MISS...'BBC should be ashamed!' Countryfile viewers blast Brexit coverage [INSIGHT]Nolan Neal dead: The Voice and America's Got Talent star dies at 41 [INSIGHT]America's Got Talent: Simon Cowell suffers near miss during stunt [INSIGHT] An amazed @amanda_mammana tweeted: “That was INCREDIBLE.” @mandymiracle1 added: “Svitlana Rohozhayna you are amazing I am praying for Ukraine.” A third fan @wavhisthemoc stated: “Powerful and beautiful!!!!” SamKeys601 wrote: “I can watch this performance all day. A beautiful person, and incredible talent.” Heidi’s praises didn’t stop at the panel as the model also took to Twitter and wrote: “You are so strong, so elegant, so sexy … Svitlana you are INCREDIBLE, and I can’t want to see more!” The 26-year-old received a full standing ovation and was granted three yesses, as Howie as absent with an illness. With Svitlana through to the next round, she was able to facetime her father and share the good news. As no aerialist has ever won America’s Got Talent, fans will have to stay tuned to see if Svitlana will become the champion of season 17 America's Got Talent airs every Tuesday at 8/7c on NBC.