The French President backed the development of Uber in France singing a deal when he was economy minister between 2014 to 2016. The findings, leaked after an investigation based on 124,000 confidential internal Uber documents, prompted calls for Mr Macron to resign. Les Patriotes leader Florian Philippot said: "Macron must resign! He betrays France, its companies, the State, justice, the people! Out!" He added: "If after the #UberFiles the oppositions don't vote ‘no confidence' today, I don't know what they need! "Be responsible and vote it! Put the Macronie down!" Echoing his comments, National Rally MEP Jordan Bardella said: "It was common knowledge, the #UberFiles demonstrate it once again. "Despite the permanent 'at the same time', Emmanuel Macron's career has a consistency, a common thread: to serve private interests, often foreign, before national interests." Left MEP Manon Aubry also blasted the French leader. She said: "Revelations on a secret deal between Macron and Uber. "We also better understand the role played by France in blocking any European regulation of platforms! "It is not a president who governs France but a lobby!" Debout La France leader Nicolas Dupont-Aignan echoed: "Emmanuel Macron, loyal supporter of Uber. "Minister of the Economy, he was already betraying France by defending the interests of an American company!" READ MORE: Liz Truss launches bid to become PM and outlines key policy  According to the investigation, the French leader signed a deal with Uber to “make France work for Uber so that Uber can work in and for France". Mr Macron also promised “a drastic simplification of the legal requirements” to obtain a ride-sharing licence. Uber also secretly lobbied ministers to influence London's transport policy, it has been reported. Leaked documents show lobbyists for the ride-sharing app company met then-chancellor George Osborne and other ministers, according to the BBC. The "undeclared" meetings took place after Boris Johnson, as Mayor of London, had promised to launch a review that could have limited Uber's expansion in the capital. The meeting with Mr Osborne took place at a private dinner in the US state of California, where Uber is based. DON'T MISS:Ann Widdecombe slams Sunak over tax policy [VIDEO]The three Tory Party candidates who will anger EU most [ANALYSIS]Sunak campaign reacts to Boris' revenge as race to be PM turns nasty [INSIGHT] An internal Uber email stated that this was better than a meeting in London because "this is a much more private affair with no hanger-on officials or staffers", the BBC reported. Other meetings were held between Uber lobbyists and current or former ministers including Priti Patel, Sajid Javid, Matt Hancock and Michael Gove, according to the corporation. Mr Johnson ultimately abandoned his review, and Uber was able to increase its number of drivers in London. Uber denies its lobbying was secret and the ministers insist rules were followed, the BBC said. The files were leaked to the Guardian and shared with the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists and several media organisations, including BBC Panorama. They reportedly also show extensive lobbying of other European politicians, including French President Emmanuel Macron in August 2014 when he was minister for the economy, and ex-EU commissioner Neelie Kroes. Additional reporting by Maria Ortega