The two girls were pictured with Isla and Savannah Phillips on Saturday with all four girls taking on the bridesmaid role. Stephanie Phillips, 24, is the daughter of Princess Anne’s ex-husband Captain Mark Phillips, making her Zara Phillips’ half-sister. According to the Mail Online, the wedding took place at St Mary the Virgin Church in Tetbury, Gloucestershire. Savannah Phillips, 11, the Queen’s great-granddaughter was pictured in a different dress to the other bridesmaids. As an 11-year-old, Savannah who stunned royal fans for “growing up so fast” wore a more mature dress which was pale blue with capped sleeves.  Meanwhile her sister Isla, 10, and her cousins Mia Tindall, 8, and Lena Tindall, 4, work white lace gowns with full-length sleeves embellished with a blue satin ribbon. The three youngest bridesmaids also wore pale blue hairpieces to match the ribbon and the flowers in their bouquets. Royal fans took to Instagram and commented saying:“The bridesmaids, Mia and Lena Tindall and Savannah and Isla Phillips. They looked great!” READ MORE: Tory leadership LIVE: Shock new Brexiteer poised to announce bid Princess Anne was also invited to the nuptials and was pictured wearing a burnt orange and white checked dress while rallying some of the bridesmaids. Zara Tindall ensured that her outfit matched the blue theme of the wedding with a pale blue lace mini dress with a button-down bodice and bishop’s sleeves. The outfit divided opinion among royal fans with many loving her blue and cream fascinator and her shoes and many not being fans of the dress itself. The Princess Royal saw her former husband walk his daughter down the aisle, according to the Mail. DON'T MISS: Scottish independence EU will have 'significant control' over economy (INSIGHT)Rehman Chishti announces Tory leadership bid (REVEAL) Ann Widdecombe slams Sunak over tax policy (COMMENT) Such displays of a large, blended family have surprised royal fans and delighted them for its refreshing image. Instagram user with the handle @Bergsi_1503 said of the bridesmaids: “Beautiful all of them. “This wedding shows how it can work although there have been two divorces…simply great in my opinion.” Another added: “It is so nice to see blended families getting on!”