Signs are appearing in McDonald’s branches warning customers their orders may be affected by the shortage. A sign in one store in King’s Road, Chelsea asked for customers to be patient and expect some items to be different than usual. It read: "Due to supply chain challenges, some menu items may be served with some ingredients missing and others may be temporarily unavailable. "We apologise in advance to any customers impacted and thank you for your patience." Just last year, the company ran into trouble sourcing ingredients for its milkshakes and was unable to serve them in its restaurants. Fans are fearing their favourite meals may not be available next time they visit their local store. But a McDonald’s spokesperson explained the challenge it is facing is the same as many UK retailers are going through as markets continue to be volatile. READ MORE: BT national strike threatens to severely hamper broadband They said: “Like most retailers, we are currently experiencing pressures across our supply chain which, at times, may impact a small number of our menu items at certain restaurants. “We apologise for any inconvenience and thank our customers for their patience. We are working hard to resolve any issues as quickly as possible.” The good news is that the missing ingredients are not expected to mean that any items will be removed from the menu. If food choices are missing ingredients, staff at the restaurants will be able to advise about this while the customer is placing their order. Food prices are soaring at the moment as UK inflation is expected to reach 11 percent by the end of the year, according to the Bank of England. A report published this month by The Institute of Grocery Distribution predicts that food inflation will reach its highest level for more than 20 years. Pressure on food prices from inflation is particularly strong on products such as meat, wheat, dairy, fruit and vegetables. The report also revealed that monthly food bills are set to rise by £43 per month for a typical family of four. DON'T MISS:Angry father allegedly crushes and kills teenage daughter with car [REPORT]BBC QT audience member ignored warning pay rises are economic suicide [INSIGHT]Prince Harry lashes out at ‘world consumed by conflict and anger’ [REACTION] And these struggles are not hitting businesses like McDonald’s who are having to pay more to pick up the ingredients it needs for all its menu choices. It is not known how long the McDonald’s ingredient shortage will last for, but the company hopes to resume normal operations as soon as possible. The McDonald’s spokesperson said the signs were a way of being open and honest with its customers about the menu and ingredients. So with any luck, McDonald’s lovers will still be able to get hold of their favourite meals next time they visit a restaurant.