The Queen's heirs will not be able to let their feelings known on some topics when they eventually become Kings, according to a royal author. Biographer Ian Lloyd said the title of Prince of Wales grants more wiggle room than the one of sovereign, as Prince Charles has demonstrated over the decades. Reports have suggested Prince William plans to ditch the Queen's mantra "never complain, never explain" and be more outspoken on certain issues, in a bid to further modernise the Firm. Asked about these claims, Mr Lloyd said speaking out and providing views on some matters can be done more by the heir to the throne than the monarch. The author of "The Queen: 70 Chapters in the Life of Elizabeth II" told Express.co.uk: "I think [he could be more outspoken] as Prince of Wales, because he can do [that], I mean the present Prince of Wales has done that. "As King you have to be a little more circumspect." Speaking about how Prince Charles has navigated the role of Prince of Wales while also making his views on issues close to his heart known, Mr Lloyd continued: "For instance when Charles avoided getting involved when the President of China came on a State Visit because of human rights in China. "He could do that, he could drop out of that and very much make his feelings known in that way, not dramatically but just through diplomatic snubs. "But as King it's very, very difficult, because if the Government of the day says they want the sovereign to host a certain president to improve certain links you really do have to do it." Unlike Prince Charles, Her Majesty has been careful not to let her private views become public domain and has obliged whenever her role required to carry out tasks she may have deemed unpleasant. READ MORE: 'Why do we have a monarchy again?' Dr Shola slams inequality Mr Lloyd said: "The Queen has been tremendous. "As I wrote in my book there has been a number of tyrants and despots she had to endure visits from and she just got along with it." The author referred to Charles's decision in October 1999 not to attend the state banquet hosted by the Queen for the then Chinese President Jiang Zemin. This decision was seen at the time as a show of support from Charles for Tibetan spiritual and exiled leader Dalai Lama, seen as a separatist threat by China, and a criticism of the human rights record of the Communist nation. The Prince's former aide, Mark Bolland, called the royal's absence a "deliberate snub" at the time. However, 16 years later Prince Charles was more present during the state visit of another Chinese President, Xi Jinping. While the Prince of Wales missed once again the state banquet hosted by the Queen, he was significantly involved in the Chinese state visit, formally welcoming the President and his wife to the UK and holding a private meeting at Clarence House among other engagements. Over the years, Prince Charles has been vocal about conservation, sustainability architecture and the protection of the environment. The heir to the throne launched his first warning about plastic waste and air pollution more than 50 years ago, long before these issues were widely considered concerning. Most recently, the Prince of Wales was reported to have criticised plans to send to Rwanda asylum seekers reaching the UK's shores under a new policy implemented by Home Secretary Priti Patel. This drew criticism against Charles and accusations of political meddling. A Clarence House spokesman said upon the emergence of this report he would not be commenting on "supposed remarks made in private" except to say that "the prince is politically neutral" and that policy was a matter for the Government. The Prince of Wales had been accused of "meddling" in the past for his speeches on climate change and sustainability or his interventions to help the disadvantaged. He tackled the accusations himself head-on in an interview part of the BBC documentary Prince, Son and Heir: Charles at 70 in 2018, saying: "If it’s meddling to worry about the inner-cities as I did 40 years ago and what was happening there… the conditions in which people were living. "If that’s meddling, I’m very proud of it." The prince also acknowledged the differences existing between the roles of heir to the throne and sovereign. He said: "I’m not that stupid. I do realise that it is a separate exercise being sovereign. "So, of course, I understand entirely how that should operate. "The idea somehow that I’m going to go on in exactly the same way, if I have to succeed, is complete nonsense, because the two situations are completely different". Ian Lloyd's 'The Queen: 70 Chapters in the Life of Elizabeth II', published by The History Press, is available now.