With summer weather in full swing, drivers have been reminded of the need to carry out a simple windscreen check if they plan on enjoying road trips this summer. The simple check only takes a few seconds and could prevent hefty fines. Scratches in the windscreen are not just unsightly, but they could also compromise a driver's vision and result in a costly fine. On top of the heavy fines, motorists could have three penalty points added to their licence for having their visibility impeded. The windscreen acts as protection from wind and rain, and a clear, undamaged glass pane is essential to be able to drive safely. A scratched window could be caused by stone chips or loose road debris but will inevitably affect how well the driver can see the road. READ MORE: Furious British drivers slam ‘nonsense’ air con rule If chips develop into cracks, motorists may be unable to see approaching traffic or other road hazards. Minor scratches and small chips can also dazzle or create glare for the driver when sunlight or other drivers' headlights bounce off the glass. Car finance experts at CarMoney have revealed how much motorists could be fined if they drive with a chip that develops into a crack. They said that it is vital to check a car for scratches to avoid unwelcome consequences. DON'T MISS Drivers warned of heatwave road havoc [WARNING] Urgent heatwave warning issued to electric car owners [INSIGHT] Drivers warned of exploding tyres during heatwave [REVEAL] A scratch in a windscreen could develop into a crack which may result in a £2,500 fine and three points on the licence. It is considered a motoring offence because drivers might be deemed to be using a vehicle in a dangerous condition. The Highway Code dictates that drivers need to have a full and clear view of the road ahead so the glass must therefore be in a good condition. If driving with a cracked windscreen and an accident occurs, motorists could also be charged with a more serious driving offence for "using a vehicle in a dangerous condition." READ MORE: Drivers urged to use little-known air con trick A small crack could see motorists slapped with a £50 Fixed Penalty Notice if pulled over by police. Damage to the glass that is 40mm in size could even result in an MOT fail, so it's important to make this simple check before driving. If the scratch reflects light, dazzling the driver, drivers could be charged with "failure to have a full view of the road ahead", which itself carries a maximum £1,000 penalty. Andrew Marshall, from CarMoney, said: "Keeping on top of car maintenance can feel like a chore, but if you don’t take care of issues quickly, they could prove dangerous. “Not only will regular services identify potential early issues, but they could also help you save money and avoid costly repairs further down the line. "Always seek professional advice for any vehicle problems that may pose a risk to your safety and that of other road users." “It is vital to fix scratches on the glass before they develop into cracks. “Any scratch deeper than 50 microns should be looked at by a professional. “If drivers can run their finger across the affected area and the scratch does not catch their fingernail, the scratch can be fixed at home using car glass polish and a micro fibre cloth."