Prince Andrew had a civil sexual assault case filed against him over claims made by Jeffrey Epstein accuser Virginia Giuffre. Ms Giuffre claimed the Duke of York sexually assaulted her on three occasions when she was 17, allegations that Andrew strenuously denied. An out-of-court settlement was agreed with no admission of guilt.  In the 1960s, the late politican John Profumo, who had an extramarital affair with 19-year-old Christine Keeler, was forced to resign from his post and it has been suggested that Andrew could "take a leaf out of John Profumo's book", upon trying to "redeen" himself. Speaking on the latest episode of the Daily Express' Royal Round-Up, royal correspondent Richard Palmer discussed Prince Andrew' and his mission to "redeem" himself.Mr Palmer said: "It has been suggested that he [Andrew] could take a leaf out of the book of John Profumo. "The Defence Minister who famously was forced to resign back in, I want to say 1963." He added: "It transpired that he had been sharing, he'd been having a relationship with a woman, who was also having a relationship with a Russian spy". Mr Palmer continued: "He, Profumo, then spent the rest of his life working for charity, in a very low profile, doing it behind the scenes. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry slammed for alleged fears over Lili’s royal rank—'They wanted this life!' "It has been suggested that Andrew could do the same. "That would be the way to redeem himself". He added: "I asked somebody close to him whether he might be doing something like that. "This person said that well, if he is doing that, we aren't going to be telling you." READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: 'Not subtle at all!' Harry slammed as heavy-handed Duke sparks row "Because that's the whole point of it, we don't want to be telling the media what he's doing, we don't want media coverage. "Then he will be facing the same accusations [of] trying to get back in the public eye and public life." Prince Andrew reportedly had close ties with Jeffrey Epstein and in the 2019 interview with Emily Maitlis, the Duke said he did not regret his friendship with Epstein. The interview received enormous amounts of public criticism and following this, the Duke voluntarily stepped back from his royal duties. "I have asked Her Majesty if I may step back from public duties for the foreseeable future, and she has given her permission," he wrote in a statement. DON'T MISS Royal Family LIVE: 'Not subtle at all!' Harry slammed for sparking row [LIVE] Harry and Meghan 'on course to cause as much trouble as possible' [REVEAL] Royal POLL: Should Meghan and Harry take up Queen's Balmoral invite? [POLL] In February 2022, it was confirmed that Prince Andrew had agreed to bring the civil sexual assault case brought by his accuser, Virginia Giuffre, to a close. The settlement agreement was reputedly as high as £12million, although the actual figure has never been revealed. The settlement involved no admission of guilt of any wrongdoing. READ NEXT: