The former political lobbyist, 54, has suffered a series of ongoing health issues ever since he was hospitalised with a severe case of COVID-19 in March 2020. He spent a month in a coma and remained in hospital for over a year, returning home in April 2021 with life-changing illnesses. The Good Morning Britain presenter's husband sadly had to return to hospital last Tuesday after taking a turn for the worst, and the ITV show has now commented on the popular host's absence. It was announced recently that Kate, 55, had stepped away from her broadcasting role in light of her husband's health decline. Since his return from hospital after a 13-month stay, Kate has helped to provide Derek with around-the-clock care following his harrowing battle with the illness. The virus affected Derek's ability to speak and also left him with significant organ damage. Resilient Kate has released a book and two documentaries on Derek's recovery and the toll his illness has taken on their marriage and their two children. READ MORE: Amanda Owen speaks out on new role ‘Jumped at the chance’ An ITV spokesperson has now confirmed the presenter will be back "as soon as possible". Speaking to Metro, they said: "Kate is taking some time off work over the next few days, and is hoping to be back to her normal presenting duties as soon as possible." It comes as a source claimed the family was "very worried" about Derek. The insider shared: "Kate is by his side and is keeping it together as best she can." Speaking to The Sun, the statement continued: "She’s a total professional and devoted to her work – both on Good Morning Britain and Smooth – but she had no choice but to step away this week to be there with him. "This is an incredibly difficult time for her and their family." Kate attended the TRIC Awards earlier this month and candidly spoke about Derek’s condition. Speaking to Simon Gross at the event earlier this month, Kate explained: “He's back in hospital I'm afraid so a bit of a downturn, but fingers crossed. DON'T MISS... Death in Paradise's Kris Marshall shares filming update 'Lots of fun' [LATEST]'About to hit me!' A Place in the Sun's Lee Juggurnauth teases guest [VIDEO]Amanda Owen jokes kids ‘work’ to put food on the table [INTERVIEW] “In terms of Covid, I mean when Derek got Covid there was no vaccine, there was no treatment, there were a lot of challenges. "Now we have those things, so on that level, yes, it's not gone away," she added. Kate's first documentary, Finding Derek, aired on ITV in 2021 and explored the impact the illness had left on the family. Kate also detailed how she had transformed their north London home to accommodate her husband's new needs.  The journalist then chronicled more of their journey in a second documentary. Caring for Derek highlighted Derek's care and how the family has adapted to the change in circumstances following Derek's heartbreaking diagnosis. It seemed Derek had reached a stable stage with his condition, where Kate and his carers were able to regulate his health. As of this month though, it would appear things have devastatingly gone downhill for the family again. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV.