The Hot Water Bottle Shop recommends filling the hot water bottle with cool water and ice cubes. In the same way the hot water bottle keeps fluid hot, it can also extend the time for which the water remains cool. As a result, the water should gradually warm up to body temperature over the course of a night. Crucially though, it will keep the body temperature low in that crucial period when someone is trying to fall asleep. READ MORE: High cholesterol: The sign on your hands that rings 'alarm bells’  In a statement on their website the Hot Water Bottle Shop said: “A cold water bottle is great for cooling down your bed before you enter or for just keeping you cool whilst you sit down. “It is advisable to wrap your water bottle in a towel if it doesn’t already have a cover to prevent overexposure to the cold and to have a continuous supply of ice cubes by refilling empty moulds.” This advices comes as temperatures are set to rise over the coming days as the UK enters the second week of the heatwave. Some predict temperatures could reach as high as 40 degrees in some places, a new temperature record for the UK.  As a result, the Met Office is urging people take extra care and remain hydrated. Furthermore, they are also advising people to remain in the shade and to avoid the sun at peak hours. However, not everyone will either read or adhere to this advice. Some may suffer heat exhaustion or heat stroke as a result. READ MORE: Disease X: Will we see the feared viral threat? Heat exhaustion occurs after someone spends too much time exposed to the sun. It usually isn’t serious if treated effectively and quickly. Symptoms include:• A headache• Dizziness and confusion• Loss of appetite and feeling sick• Excessive sweating• Pale, clammy skin• Cramps in the arms, legs, and stomach• Fast breathing or pulse• A high temperature of 38C or above• Being very thirsty. The crucial thing to add is some of these symptoms can be mistaken for excessive alcohol intake. If heat exhaustion isn’t treated it can lead to heat stroke, a potentially dangerous condition. As a result, it is crucial anyone with heat exhaustion is encouraged to move to a cooler place with the head down and feet slightly raised. Furthermore, they should be given plenty of water and the skin cooled with either water or a fan. 