Samuel Chatto is one of Princess Margaret’s grandsons and, despite being the Queen’s great-nephew, he hardly ever features in the headlines. The grandchildren of Princess Margaret, Countess of Snowden, have largely sidestepped the spotlight. Although he’s not well known, Samuel has made a name for himself pursuing artistic and creative endeavours. He loves making pottery and is a trained yoga instructor. He's the eldest of Princess Margaret’s four grandchildren along with his brother Arthur Chatto and their cousins Charles Armstrong-Jones, Viscount Linley and Lady Margarita Armstrong-Jones. Princess Margaret was born in 1930 to future King George VI and Queen Elizabeth, the Queen Mother. In 1960 she married photographer Antony Armstrong-Jones, 1st Earl of Snowden. The couple had two children, David Armstrong Jones and Lady Sarah Chatto. In 1978 the couple made history becoming the first senior Royals to divorce since King Henry VIII.  The children stayed with their mother until they went off to start families of their own. Lady Sarah married David Chatto on July 14, 1994. The couple went on to have two children, the first of which was Samuel David Benedict Chatto, born July 28, 1996. Samuel was born in London and, like many Royals, was educated at Eton College. He then went on to study Art History at the University of Edinburgh. He reportedly is a keen potter, an interest he is said to have picked up from his mother. He completed a six-week apprenticeship with North Shore Pottery and had three pots on display in Somerset. His Instagram is full of pictures of him working on his craft, a few years back he spoke about his apprenticeship. READ MORE: Putin humiliated as Russian soldier tells of 'defeated' crew  He said: "2018 was such an incredible year of self reflection and growth for me. "I spent six weeks in the very north of Scotland immersed in pottery and ceramics, being taught by the most patient and passionate potter. Clay consumed my every waking hour and I am so excited to see what I can achieve this year!" More recently, Samuel spoke about the stages of creating his art and what it meant to him. On his Instagram, he captioned a shot of him and some friends, standing around an axe and some cut wood in the setting sun. He said: "There are so many stages in the creation of each piece I make. Most of the stages are spent alone, just me and the clay working each other into the desired form. It can be very insular, reflective, and meditative." DON'T MISS:Queen's Guard screams at London tourist 'We'll never return!' - VIDEO [VIDEO]Prince Harry and Meghan Markle 'got back to US very chagrined' [REPORT]Ukraine: Russian families pull rug from under Putin as they de... [LIVE]  He added: "I've always found that with the final stage, the wood firing - which can last anywhere between eight and 15 hours - it is a ritual and celebration, a handing over of clay to flames, that is best enjoyed when shared with friends and family." Samuel also is also a trained yoga instructor following the completion of a 200-hour course in India at the end of 2018. Although not often in the public eye, he was seen at the National Service of thanksgiving with his parents and brother at the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. Last month, he was spotted with his arm around an unknown female’s waist at the National Gallery’s Inaugural Summer Party and Fundraiser with his parents. 