Britons are warned extreme heat this weekend will wreak havoc on roads and transport networks as officials issue ‘danger to life’ warnings. For the first time in UK history, government forecasters have refused to rule out temperatures hitting 40C, although the high-30Cs is more likely, they say.  However, weather models continue to tout 40C-plus maximums prompting warnings to keep out of the sun and resist cooling off in rivers and waterways. Met Office spokesman Stephen Dixon said: “From Sunday, with the extreme heat warning now in place, temperatures could rise above 35C in parts, and 32C elsewhere. “Although it is unlikely, reaching higher temperatures can’t be ruled out.” The Met Office with the UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA) has issued a level-3 ‘heatwave action’ heat-health alert across southern and parts of central England. A separate level-2 ‘alert and readiness’ warning is in force through this week across central and northern Britain. The alert level is one step below a level-4 ‘national emergency’– launched when ‘illness and death may occur among the fit and healthy’.  Forecasters agree temperatures could smash records through the coming days although extreme heat ‘could kill’. Jim Dale, meteorologist for British Weather Services, said: “There is around a 50/50 chance that the current record of 38.7C will topple during this hot weather, and around a 25-percent chance of hitting 40C. “While we may be just shy of hitting this, it’s not out of the question. “There’s no doubt that these temperatures can be dangerous and make no mistake, this sort of heat can kill.” Britons are warned to take extra care while exercising and to drink plenty of water to avoid dehydration. London-based health and wellness coach Ryan French, founder of Military Outdoor Fitness (MOFit), said: “Avoid exercising during the hottest part of the day, and remember to keep hydrated–around three to five litres a day is ideal. “If you are exercising outdoors, you should aim to do this early and keep in the shade.” The Met Office has issued a rare amber ‘extreme heat’ warning across southern and central Britain from midnight Saturday and through Sunday. Separate from a heat-health alert, it warns of ‘serious illness’ and ‘danger to life’ as Britain simmers in temperatures more typical of tropical climates. The mercury will hit 33C today before a brief lull and another surge ahead of the weekend.   Met Office deputy chief meteorologist Rebekah Sherwin said: “Temperatures are likely to peak at 33C in the southeast, with warm weather likely to continue throughout this week. “It looks likely to ramp up late this week and into early next week. “From Sunday and into Monday, temperatures are likely to be in excess of 35C in the southeast. “Elsewhere, temperatures could be fairly widely above 32C in England and Wales, and in the mid-to-high 20s Celsius further north.”  Dr Agostinho Sousa, Head of Extreme Events and Health Protection at UKHSA, added: “Heat-health alerts have now been issued to the majority of the country, with temperatures set to remain consistently high throughout the duration of this week.” Exacta Weather forecaster James Madden added: “Temperatures will dip slightly during the middle of the week and then surge ahead of the weekend. “We are now expecting to see temperatures exceeding 35C, 40C might just be out of reach, but the high-30Cs are possible.” In a response to Express.co.uk, a UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA) spokesperson said they did not wish to comment. However, the UKHSA's 'Heatwave Plan for England', a 47-page document with the NHS outlining how to protect health in such weather, states: "Level 4 is reached when a heatwave is so severe and/or prolonged that its effects extend outside health and social care system, such as power or water shortages, and/or where the integrity of health and social care systems is threatened. At this level, illness and death may occur among the fit and healthy, and not just in high‑risk groups, and will require a multi‑sector response at national and regional levels. "The decision to go to a Level 4 is made at national level and will be taken following considerations of a cross-Government assessment of the weather conditions, coordinated by the Civil Contingencies Secretariat (Cabinet Office)." 