Arsenal are interested in Anderlecht left-back Sergio Gomez as a potential alternative to Oleksandr Zinchenko, according to reports. Manchester City star Zinchenko is linked with a move to the Emirates but he is not the only player in that position the Gunners have their eye on. Arsenal wanted to sign Lisandro Martinez from Ajax this summer. However, he instead looks set to be joining Manchester United. The Athletic claims Zinchenko is now being prioritised by Mikel Arteta. Talks are being held between City and Arsenal ahead of a potential move for the Ukraine star. But Arsenal also have an alternative in the form of Gomez. Transfer expert Fabrizio Romano tweeted on Thursday afternoon that there is interest in Gomez as well as Zinchenko. Romano says Nuno Tavares could leave Arsenal if they sign either of the left-backs. Gomez, 21, only joined Anderlect from Borussia Dortmund last summer. Transfer news LIVE: Two Man Utd signings close, Ronaldo offer, Chelsea medical  He made 43 appearances in all competitions for the Belgian side, scoring six goals. He has played the majority of his football as a left-back but has the potential to play further forward, similarly to Zinchenko. Gomez spent eight years in the youth ranks at Barcelona before joining Dortmund in 2018. He wasn't able to break into the Dortmund side on a regular basis and had two years on loan at Huesca before leaving for Anderlecht. Gomez has three years remaining on his contract. He would be a less-experienced option than Zinchenko but would likely come at a lower cost. Zinchenko knows Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta well from their time together at City. Arteta was assistant to Pep Guardiola at the Etihad between 2016 and 2019. DON'T MISSMan Utd's fresh Anthony Martial stance has huge effect on Ten Hag's £60m transfer dreamArsenal facing heartbreak as target outlines why Newcastle have transfer edgeMan Utd to agree Frenkie De Jong personal terms 'quickly' as Barcelona accept £71m fee  Arsenal are in the market for a left-back to provide cover to Kieran Tierney. The Scotland international has been plagued by injury problems during his time with the Gunners. Portuguese youngster Tavares struggled in his first campaign at Arsenal last season. Romano says Marseille are keen on signing the former Benfica ace if Arsenal do manage to bring in a new left-back. Arteta has made four signings so far this summer. Gabriel Jesus has been the most expensive acquisition at £45m. Fabio Vieira, USA goalkeeper Matt Turner and young Brazilian winger Marquinhos have also all joined. All four players travelled with the Arsenal squad for the pre-season tour to the USA on Wednesday. 