After months of rumours, leaks and plenty of teasers, new techology brand Nothing has finally revealed its first-ever smartphone which it hopes can give the likes of Samsung a serious run for their money. The Nothing Phone (1) has just been unveiled at a launch event in London and it certainly comes packed with plenty of features to help it stand out from an ever-growing crowd. Perhaps the most striking thing about this Android-powered device is its design. Instead of the usual glossy glass finish or colourful styling, the Phone (1) comes with a completely clear rear panel. This not only lets users peer inside the device but also allows them to see the unique glowing lights that Nothing has packed inside. This bright idea, which is called the Glyph Interface, is made up of 900 LEDs which can light up to indicate that a call is coming through or someone has just sent a text. Individual Glyph patterns can even be set for different contacts so owners will know who is calling without looking at the screen. Another useful advantage of this system is that it can be used as nifty light when shooting video with Nothing promising that it can illuminate close-up subjects with a gentle glow rather than the harshness of a standard flash. Also tucked inside this rear panel, which is made from Gorilla Glass, is a dual-lens camera which is powered by an impressive Sony sensor. This snapper includes image stabilisation, a Night Mode and Scene Detection which adjusts the setting automatically depending on where you are. Nothing seems pretty confident that its camera will shoot images like a pro but we'll have to wait for the reviews to be published before we know how true that claim is. So that's the back of the phone but what about the screen? Spin the Nothing Phone (1) around and there's a 6.55-inch OLED display that gets a speedy 120Hz refresh rate for silky smooth scrolling. Nothing is also boasting that users will be treated to 1 billion colours when bingeing on boxsets. Head under the hood and there's a Qualcomm Snapdragon 778G+ processor which is fully compatible with the latest 5G data speeds. There's also fast wireless charging and the Nothing Phone (1) can refill other accessories, such as earbuds, simply by placing them on the rear case. The final thing that Android fans might enjoy is the new Nothing OS. This operating system comes free of any bloatware and also offers bespoke widgets, fonts, sounds and wallpapers which have all been designed by Nothing. There's even a smart software feature that learns which apps are the users' favourite with the most-used apps then loading super-fast, whilst the rest are frozen to save battery. If you're wondering where Nothing has come from and why Samsung might be looking over its shoulder there's a simple answer. This brand, which launched a pair of wireless earbuds last year, is the brainchild of tech entrepreneur Carl Pei who originally co-founded the hugely successful OnePlus brand. “We designed Phone (1) as a product we'd be proud to share with friends and family,” said Pei. “This simple principle helped us wander off the beaten path, tune into our instincts, and create an experience that hopefully marks the start of change in a stagnant industry.” If the Nothing Phone (1) sounds enticing it will be on sale soon with prices starting from just £399. Fans can buy it from the pop-up Nothing Kiosk between July 16 and 20 in Seven Dials, Covent Garden, London. O2 has also confirmed that it will be stocking this device with fans able to buy it on contract.