Keira Walsh feels Sarina Wiegman and the England fans are providing the perfect mix of calm and chaos to get the Lionesses to the Euro 2022 final. The midfielder said she felt “ecstatic” after the turnaround 2-1 extra-time victory against Spain on Wednesday that booked their semi-final place in Sheffield on Tuesday.  It was a result she claims put England “on the map” as “a force to be reckoned with”. She puts England’s success down to the perfect blend of Wiegman’s under-stated half-time team talk and the Amex Stadium crowd’s determination to cheer the host nation over the line. Walsh explained: “It’s just that Sarina’s so relaxed. She doesn’t put pressure on anyone. When you make a mistake in training or in a game, she’s not barking at you on the side. “As long as you’re trying to do the right thing and it’s what she’s asked of you, then she’s never going to shout at you.  “If you’ve got a coach who shouts when you’re running up and down the touchline it does affect you. “But the team talk is always on what we can do, the confidence she has with us and that’s massive when you go up against a top team. “That’s really important because it gives you the confidence to try things we probably wouldn’t have in the past. “Her presence and she’s so calm, really positive and even at half time she won’t come in and start screaming. “She always says the right thing at the right moment and she’s been massively important for us - as have the backroom staff and the technical staff. We’re just in a really good place. “So it’s fair to say that all of the girls were quite calm during the game, even when we went behind we still had the belief that we were going to win and the way we were playing, especially in the second half, we were on top.   “It was just a really positive vibe even when we went down, the crowd massively helped us so we’re in a really good place right now.” Bramall Lane, like the Amex, is one of those intimidating home grounds that can really work not just in the Premier League and Championship but at any level. “When we pulled up on the coach, the fans were outside and, for me, it’s when we’re singing the national anthem, you can hear it echoing around the stadium and it’s such a special feeling and one we’ve not experienced before because we’ve not had a home tournament,” Walsh added. “It does give you that little bit of an extra push. Of course every tournament is important but having the home crowd behind you is definitely special and I hope we can continue doing it for the semi final.” 