Our Yorkshire Farm has been airing on Channel 5 as the network has shown repeat episodes. Amanda Owen and her children are hard at work at Ravenseat, with Reuben making an appearance in the upcoming episode. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about how old Reuben is now. In the upcoming episode of Our Yorkshire Farm, from season two, the older children are back at school after their Easter break. While the girls buy a pony at the horse fair, Reuben is busy fixing up a dirt bike for younger brother Sid. Reuben is the second oldest child in the family and is also the tallest of the bunch. He was born on November 3, 2003, meaning he is now 18 years old. The Owen sibling is due to celebrate his 19th birthday at the end of this year. READ MORE: Amanda Owen admits Clive would be ‘shocked’ by Ravenseat changes Reuben is known for being a lover of all things mechanical and he has become a TikTok sensation. He has been sharing videos of himself while completing an apprenticeship as a mechanic. One TikTok clip showed the talented teen fixing a dirt bike and performing his own stunts on it. He can be seen driving through water on a quad bike in another viral video. His other videos show how he fixed a motorbike and drove a snowmobile. While he enjoys life on the farm with his siblings, he has no intention of following in his parents' footsteps. He said on one episode of Our Yorkshire Farm that farming is not his thing, but construction is. He did say he enjoyed working on projects with his dad, Clive. Reuben is on Instagram and he appears to have his own contracting company, called R.Owen Contracting. He has been sharing updates about his work, as well as his personal life. DON'T MISS... Edith Owen age: How old is Amanda Owen's daughter? [EXPLAINER] Amanda Owen jokes kids ‘work’ to put food on the table [VIDEO] Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen emotional amid daughter Raven's news [INSIGHT] Reuben is in a relationship with his girlfriend, Sarah, and he has shared photos of the pair together. In June 2022, he dedicated a sweet post to Sarah, saying: "Can't believe you have put up with me for six months." His followers celebrated the happy couple and wished them all the best for the future. They praised Amanda and Clive for bringing up a "charming young man". The teen has set up a new Instagram account for his business, which is "groundworks and plant hire". In his first post, he said: "A few of our machines we have available for hire and contract work. "We do everything from site clearance to large-scale muck shifts. Any job no matter how big or small." His followers wished him luck in his latest venture and they are excited to see his business flourish.  Our Yorkshire Farm airs on Channel 5 on Saturdays