We needed that combative, no surrender, Johnson when it came to negotiating terms with the EU. We needed that spirit when it came to maintaining the integrity of our country, liberating the United Kingdom from EU regulations and taking back control of our laws, our borders, our cash and our fish. Then he had an 80-seat majority. The task should have been relatively straightforward. After winning his thumping majority instead of rolling up his sleeves for that fight, he went on an extended all expenses paid holiday to Mustique.  The problem with Johnson was he was just about Johnson. His aim in life was to hold our highest office. It was, and clearly remained until the very last, an aim in itself. He had no burning ambition for the country. His ambitions began and ended with himself. It was that obsession with the self that caused his government to be so reactionary. To pivot policy on a sixpence prompted by no more than the latest 24 hour news cycle. That was a recipe for disaster. And post-Boris disaster is what we now have. A country partitioned down the Irish Sea. Hitched at the hip to the EU. Committed to the deeply economically damaging policy of Net Zero. Energy dependent when we have the ability to be energy independent. Taxes at a 70 year high. Inflation at a 40 year high. A record 5 million claiming benefits. Etcetera, etcetera, etcetera. In his bid to survive he was at last talking about tax cuts. A brand new budget to please genuine Conservatives; those he has hitherto entirely ignored. But it is now too late. He is political history.     His attempts to survive only served to bring his colleagues down with him. Who could now trust a cabinet member who didn't resign? The early resigners were themselves already very late. The net result will be a broken Conservative Party. Every Prime Minister wishes to leave a good legacy. Johnson’s will be awful for his colleagues, his Party and, most importantly, the country. The Party will have a gargantuan task in healing wounds, electing a new leader, establishing a coherent ideology and policy framework and implementing it before the next election. Nothing short of a dramatic improvement in governance can save it at the next election. I do not subscribe to the theory that the Party does not have credible potential leaders. Out of the 350+ MPs there are bound to be some capable of doing this job. One of these must now be found and installed in double quick time. 