Cristiano Ronaldo has reportedly demanded Manchester United splash the cash this summer in order to stay. The Portugal international is eager to leave at the current moment in time, with links to Chelsea and Bayern Munich emerging. And it’s given both Erik ten Hag and the Glazers a major headache as the Dutchman looks to hit the ground running in his new job. According to Fabrizio Romano, Ronaldo wants ‘three or four’ fresh faces as United look to improve next term. Writing for CaughtOffside, he said: “Cristiano Ronaldo wants to see more ambition from Man United. “He didn’t mention specific signing names, but he believes that, having reinforced Man City, Liverpool but also Arsenal and Tottenham with top-level players, Man United need at least 3-4 important players as soon as possible. “Ronaldo appreciates Ten Hag but he believes the problem is the level of the team.” So, with Ronaldo wanting three or four ‘important’ signings to be made, Express Sport will now take a look at which areas of the squad he could have identified as in need of addressing. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez United conceded 57 Premier League goals last term, the highest total in the club’s recent history. Raphael Varane arrived with many tipping the France international to tighten things up at the back but, while he was solid enough, injuries prevented him from playing more. Harry Maguire and Victor Lindelof can’t achieve consistency, while Eric Bailly, Axel Tuanzebe and Phil Jones are nowhere near good enough to be starting for a team of this size or stature. So with United needing to make crucial signings, a centre-back wouldn’t go amiss. Lisandro Martinez is on their radar, though Arsenal are also keen, while Pau Torres has also been linked. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen Arguably United’s weakest area is in midfield. It was bad last term and is now even lighter following the departures of Paul Pogba and Nemanja Matic, who have both left Old Trafford behind to pursue new challenges elsewhere. United are now primed to land Christian Eriksen on a free transfer, though it’s unclear what Ronaldo would think about the Denmark international arriving given it would jeopardise Bruno Fernandes’ chances of regular game time. And they’re still pushing hard to land Frenkie de Jong, despite Barcelona insisting their prized asset isn’t for sale. If the duo both arrive, that could be enough to convince Ronaldo things will be better next term. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team One area that has plagued United for years, now, is the right-wing. Not since a young Ronaldo have they had a true specialist in that position, with forwards such as Jadon Sancho, Marcus Rashford and Anthony Martial appearing to be better on the left. Antony is one target for United, though Ajax’s huge £70million price tag could pose a problem. If they are able to land the Brazil international, however, they’ll finally have a balanced attack. It would also give Ronaldo an even greater chance of finding the net if he’s able to get the service from the flanks and wide areas, too. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Talking recently to Express Sport, meanwhile, Wes Brown insisted that United would benefit from keeping Ronaldo. “He’s a different breed,” he said. “We need to make signings regardless but keeping Ronaldo will be a big plus, just look at the goals he got us this year. “You can say lots of things good, or bad, but ultimately he will score you goals as well. “Obviously Cavani has gone. Pretty much every position we need to improve on and I’m pretty sure the manager will know that, he’s been told that’s absolutely fine and the funds are there to do that. “Ultimately it’s about whether we can get hold of these players and can we get them at the right price as well.”