Former ITV presenter Fern Britton spoke to Trish & Lorraine on their podcast Postcards from Midlife about her remarkable career and some of the hurdles she’s had to face. One of which was being made to go back to working on This Morning or risk being given the sack The 65-year-old told the podcast hosts that she used to host the Friday instalments of the ITV show alongside John Leslie before main presenters  Richard and Judy left. She revealed that when the husband and wife duo suddenly left, she was thrown in the spotlight with John to take over. Speaking about her co-host, Fern said: “We did alright, we got on very well and I liked him very much. “We did two years together and then I found myself pregnant with Winnie.”   Fern revealed that when she told her boss she was due in September, he assumed she would be able to return back to work instantly. She informed her boss that it wouldn’t be possible as she knew she’d be having a C-section due to her three children prior being delivered that way. Speaking about the conversation at the time, Fern said: “I knew she [Winnie] was going to be C-sectioned. “This guy said, ‘Oh, my wife had a caesarean and she was absolutely fine, she drove the car!'"    Fern told her boss that she didn’t believe she’d be able to come back to work instantly with him telling her, ‘If you don’t come back, there will be no job for you.'" She said: “He did say that after I’d had her because the programme was going a bit skew-whiff. He rang me up and said, ‘You’ve got to come back.'" Although due to Winnie being only six weeks old at the time, she told her boss she was still unable to leave her. The mum-of-four then revealed on the podcast that a few weeks after he suggested This Morning would get her a nanny if she came back.  She said: “So it happened, it wasn’t exactly a nanny looking after her because that would’ve been too expensive. “It was the green room hostess, a lovely woman called Jan. “It did work, I mean I was exhausted, getting up early in the morning to get to work. “Getting Winnie up, ready and in the car and feeding her in the car while I’m reading my notes and writing the interviews up.”   Fern admitted that she communicated to the greenroom by nodding on air when they had questions about Winnie. She said: “It was hilarious.” “I look back on that with certainly a huge amount of pride but also confusion that I managed to do it.” This Morning airs weekdays on ITV at 10am  