Boris Johnson's future was the focus of Thursday's instalment of Lorraine as the Prime Minister's on the brink of collapse following dozens of his ministers resigning in recent days. As well as speaking to political commentators, Lorraine Kelly wanted to learn a psychic pig's prediction on whether Johnson should resign. The pig, which walked towards a sign saying Johnson should go, caused a stir on Twitter.   User FoxyLady1 posted: “#Lorraine that's it then the physic pig has decided Boris must go, we can all breathe a sigh of relief.” “Psychic Pig has spoken #lorraine,” Veda G tweeted alongside laughing emojis. Mike Schofield commented: “Johnson's fate is now being decided by a psychic pig on Lorraine... Churchillian.” “Should I stay or should I go. Just perfect. Maybe subtle revenge for him asking ‘Who’s Lorraine?’” Suzi Wild posted. READ MORE: Alastair Campbell ENDS interview with Piers Morgan @Thisismarkslife added: "I wonder if Boris Johnson has finally realised he has to go after the psychic pig which said his time is up on #Lorraine?" @PhillyPhann said: "Probably the one time I'll agree with a psychic pig." After the pig, named Mystic Marcus, predicted Boris would resign Lorraine said: "Well I think that's pretty definitive. "The psychic pig has spoken, Boris Johnson it is time to go, you cannot argue with a psychic pig."  The pig's move comes after almost 60 ministers and aides handed in their resignations. Talking to political correspondent Jonathan Swain, Lorraine exclaimed: "Jonathan it's hard to keep up, you do wonder who is running the country." She told Jonathan who was standing outside Downing Street: "We're hearing there might be an imminent resignation, not right away but it might be later on today." Soon after the pig's prediction, the BBC announced Johnson was set to resign as Conservative leader later today. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale’s Jeff Hordley on career away from Cain role.. [LATEST]Lorraine Kelly shares tips for 'dead easy' 1.5 stone weight loss [UPDATE]Lorraine Kelly and Susanna Reid predict Boris Johnson will resign [INSIGHT] Later on, Lorraine had to cut her interview short with JLS star Aston Merrygold as she needed to cross over to ITV News to update viewers about the Prime Minister's resignation. Johnson will continue to serve as Prime Minister until the autumn to allow a Tory leadership contest to take place. Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer has welcomed Johnson's intention to stand down, saying he should have gone "long ago". He added: "The Tory party have inflicted chaos upon the country during the worst cost-of-living crisis in decades. And they cannot now pretend they are the ones to sort it out.  "They have been in power for 12 years. The damage they have done is profound." While Johnson is yet to officially resign, the campaign to replace him has already started with Suella Braverman expressing an interest in the top job. It is understood Johnson is set to make an announcement outside Number 10 later today. Lorraine continues on weekdays at 9am on ITV. 