Cancer describes a disease in which your cells start growing uncontrollably and spread to other parts of your body. This condition can occur anywhere in your body. Fortunately, an “unexplained” sensation could ring the alarm bells when it comes to various cancer types. Hussain Abdeh, Superintendent Pharmacist from Medicine Direct, shared that one “early” indicator that could point to several cancer types is unexplained pain. The expert said: “Pain can sometimes be an early sign of cancer, such as with throat cancer, where a sore throat or pain when swallowing may be an initial sign. “The same goes for bowel cancer, as you may find that you suffer abdominal pain after eating as an initial symptom.” Apart from throat and bowel cancer, unexplained pain could also be pointing to the stomach and cervical cancer. READ MORE: Cancer warning: Popular UK drink can cause 'several types' of cancer - 'strong agreement' Fortunately, Mr Abdeh shared it’s “easy” to identify this cancer symptom. He said: “Unexplained pain should be easy to spot. “It will be noticeable because it has not occurred before, especially if it is in an area of the body that seems perfectly healthy otherwise. “If you have unexplained pain that does not go away after a couple of weeks on its own, you should make an appointment to see your doctor.”  When it comes to the exact location of the pain, the expert shared that this will depend on the type of cancer triggering the symptoms. Mr Abdeh said: “For instance, if you are suffering from bowel cancer, you may experience persistent abdominal pain like cramps or wind, although the pain can also be intermittent and brought on when you eat. “Bowel cancer can also cause you to vomit, which often results in abdominal pain, too. “Ovarian cancer may cause persistent pain in the affected areas of the body. “On the other hand, throat cancer can cause a sore throat that is exacerbated when you eat or drink something, as it irritates the throat.” READ MORE: David Harbour: Stranger Things actor on being sent to an ‘institution’ for mental health Once you’ve been struggling with unexplained pain for longer than a couple of weeks, you need to reach out to your doctor. The pharmacist said: “They will be able to decide upon the most appropriate action to take and may refer you for tests to determine whether the pain may be related to cancer or not.” Remember, unexplained pain is just one symptom which could be indicating cancer. Each individual cancer type is linked to a variety of symptoms that could ring alarm bells. For example, bowel cancer patients could also experience extreme tiredness, changes in bowel habits, blood in the poo and more. While throat cancer sufferers will cough or notice changes in their voice. If you struggle with any health problems, your doctor will help to establish the correct diagnosis that might not even be cancer. There are also other health conditions that can cause some types of pain so suffering from this sign doesn’t necessarily mean you have cancer. If you want to reduce your risk of the dreaded diagnosis, Mr Abdeh recommended following a “balanced diet that consists of plenty of fresh fruit and vegetables”.