Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta gave a rousing speech to his players after they lost their first three matches of last season. The Spaniard spoke openly about the heart disease he had as an infant and how he felt "dead" after the Premier League loss at Manchester City last August. The Gunners started their 2021/22 campaign in the worst possible fashion. Defeat at newly-promoted Brentford was followed by a 2-0 reverse at home to Chelsea and a 5-0 drubbing at City. Norwich were Arsenal's next opponents and Arteta's pre-match team talk ahead of the game at the Emirates has now emerged ahead of the release of the Amazon documentary All or Nothing. The former captain addressed his players by attempting to reduce the pressure on them and simplifying their job in a professional environment compared to other works of life. Arteta said: "In many industries, there are high performance teams. And these high performance teams all have something in common, they get results. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd done deal, Ronaldo ultimatum, Arsenal £35m discovery  "When I was born, I was born with a big heart disease. And for two years they had to try to save my life until I had the opportunity to have the first open surgery in Spain. "So a high performance team is not [just] a football team, a basketball team, for example it can be an emergency team, the one that works for example in hospitals. These teams have to be surrounded by people that are very special. "They are willing to work 24/7. They do it for only one reason - because they love what they do. That's their drive, that's their purpose." Arteta then drew a chart which detailed his mood in the two weeks before the visit of Norwich. He explained how low he was after the loss to City. DON'T MISSBarcelona star De Jong ‘drops Man Utd information on team-mates’ in new twistLeeds get the ball rolling in £42.7m talks after Liverpool developmentDe Jong’s agent 'tells Barcelona two things' as Man Utd battle to close transfer  He continued: "I'm going to share something with you. This is me, this is my emotional status, in the last 14 days, 1-10. "Post-Man City, I was here [off the chart]. Dead. I was here. I had fear, I had insecurity, I had the media that is killing me." But Arteta got out of that mindset by looking at the many positives in his life, both in and outside of football. And he thanked the players for how they had responded in what he described as the "best week of my football career". "Suddenly, I have all the positives," Arteta said. "I have an incredible family, a wife, three kids. Another one, the club, always they support me from the top, the owner, everybody.  "The moment I go from here to there [up the chart] like this is [because of] you guys. Because this week I have found the purpose, why I want to be a coach, why I'm in this industry, why I have to be with these people. "So guys all I have to say from my side is thank you so much to all of you because you made in a difficult moment the best week of my football career. Believe in yourself, I do, you're really good. "The last thing I want to do as a coach is blame any of you in a difficult moment. My responsibility, I take the s***, let's go." 