Britain’s Wimbledon hopes have received a major boost as Cameron Norrie beat Tommy Paul to seal a place in his first-ever quarter-finals of a Grand Slam on Sunday. The 26-year-old ninth seed brushed aside the American number 30 seed in straight sets 6-4 7-5 6-4 on Court One. Norrie, the last Briton standing at the championships, said it was “shocking” to make it into the quarter-finals for the first time. The other British players at this year’s championships have already crashed out, including Andy Murray, Emma Raducanu and Heather Watson. This first week of Wimbledon has seen a host of famous faces watching the action on Centre Court from the Royal Box. Normally among the VIP regulars is Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, who is a keen tennis player. The patron of the All England Lawn Tennis Club has not made an appearance at SW19 so far, but will arrive for the trophy presentation at the end of the championships. However, the Duchess’ previous visits to the tournament in 2021 caused anger due to a photo of her and Wimbledon semi-finalist Tim Henman. Kate and the former tennis ace were not wearing face masks in the Wimbledon crowd, while the ball boys and girls were covering their faces. JUST IN: ‘Uncomfortable’ Meghan Markle moment stunned Wimbledon fan: ‘It was bonkers’ Reacting to the image, TalkRadio host Julia Hartley-Brewer said on Twitter: “God but this makes me angry. “All the rich people are happily enjoying Wimbledon without wearing masks while the staff and the ball girls and boys are forced to cover their faces. “Once again, it's one rule for them, another rule for the rest of us. “End this insanity now.” In the crowd, Kate was seen laughing with Henman and All England Lawn Tennis Club chief executive Sally Bolton. Despite none of the trio covering their faces, they were not flouting the restrictions of the tournament. As per the rules for attendees, tennis fans were allowed to lower their masks when inside the stadium. Under the current restrictions this year, Wimbledon attendees have to show proof of their vaccination against COVID-19 or a negative lateral flow test. In the current championships, Norrie looks to follow in the footsteps of Murray, who was the last British man to win Wimbledon in 2016. The first of Murray’s two titles at SW19 came in 2013 as he became the first British male to win the tournament since Fred Perry in 1936. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: 'Panic' as Sussex ‘damage control’ may not stop another Oprah 'pasting' [LATEST]Lewis Hamilton recalled Queen's reaction as he fumbled royal protocol sitting next to her [INSIGHT]Emma Raducanu opened up on her favourite royal Kate Middleton — ‘Great Inspiration’ [ANALYSIS] One person who missed the moment of history was Kate, who was pregnant with Prince George at the time. The Duchess told sports host Sue Barker in BBC documentary, ‘Our Wimbledon’: “I was very heavily pregnant with George so I wasn't able to turn up.” Sue replied: “But you had a great excuse!” Kate responded: “I know but even still. I was sort of 'Maybe I could go' but the doctors were like 'no.' “I wrote to [Andy Murray] afterwards saying sorry for not being there, but huge congratulations.” Coverage of Wimbledon is shown live across the BBC this afternoon.