Arsenal have spent around £85million - not including add-ons - so far this summer on Marquinhos, Fabio Vieira, Matt Turner and Gabriel Jesus. But they could be about to double their summer spending shortly. Arsenal are looking to sign another player from City in Oleksandr Zinchenko, who they want to add depth in midfield and also at left-back. The Telegraph say the Gunners are 'optimistic' of doing a deal for the versatile Ukrainian as talks between the clubs continue. City are apparently open to doing business because they recognise Zinchenko's service to them. The 25-year-old simply wants more game time and he would reunite with Pep Guardiola's former No 2 Mikel Arteta at the Emirates. He is already in talks with Arsenal over personal terms. Zinchenko will cost around £35m if Arsenal are to clinch a deal as expected to make him their fifth signing. And it appears the north London outfit may even have their sixth addition of the transfer window lined up after that. MUST READ: Arsenal respond as Man City make Saka No 1 target to replace Sterling FootballTransfers report that Bayer Leverkusen's Edmond Tapsoba is a target with Arsenal having missed out on Ajax defender Lisandro Martinez. The Argentine, who can also play at left-back, is instead headed to Manchester United for £46m. It's claimed a centre-back is now one of Arsenal's top priorities with Martinez instead going to Old Trafford. Arsenal were linked with Tapsoba last summer and were claimed to have had an offer rejected. Arsenal are now reportedly preparing a bid for the 23-year-old Burkina Faso international. Leverkusen want up to £42.4m (€50m) for the gigantic defender who has previously labelled ex-Gunners defender Per Mertesacker as an inspiration. The lure of the Premier League could tempt Tapsoba to join Arsenal despite Leverkusen having Champions League football this coming campaign. And signing him and Zinchenko would be expected to take Arsenal's spending to £160m. That comes after the Londoners spent around £155m 12 months ago on Ben White, Albert Sambi Lokonga, Martin Odegaard, Aaron Ramsdale, Nuno Tavares and Takehiro Tomiyasu. A forward might also still be on the agenda this summer after target Raphinha joined Barcelona, although that deal could depend on player sales. Arsenal midfielder Granit Xhaka is happy with the fresh talent being brought to the club and says it helps inject a winning mentality. Xhaka told Sky Sports: "They bring something more than only games and wins, they bring the mentality of winning something and that is what we need here. It's not so easy just to speak, but you have to show it on the pitch as well. "They bring experience and of course Gabby knows the Premier League. He has already won everything, but the most important thing is to bring players that have hunger. You can win a lot of trophies and say 'OK, it's enough' but these guys they want to win much more with us. This is what makes us happy to have them."