Emergency services, including a bomb squad, were reportedly on the scene responding to the incident. The passport office is in the Mission Court area of Newport. Pictures posted on Twitter showed emergency services at the scene. Police said the building had been evacuated the building a in response to a "suspicious package". A Gwent Police spokeswoman said: "We received a call at about 8.40am this morning regarding concerns about a suspicious package received at the Passport Office in Newport. "The fire service has attended and have evacuated the building as a precaution whilst they carry out further enquiries." There were reports of a "white powder" found at the scene on Twitter. One Twitter user posted: "Suspicious white powder sent to Newport HM Passport Office by all accounts." They later added: "More police and fire service now at Newport HM Passport Office hope all [is] ok."  Police later confirmed that white powder had been found in the package. A spokeswoman for South Wales Fire Service said: "At approximately 8.36am on Wednesday the July 13, 2022, we received a public order call to HM Passport Office, Mission Court in Newport. "Crews from Whitchurch and Maindee Fire and Rescue Stations are currently in attendance alongside emergency service colleagues. "Crews have evacuated the building as a safety precaution whilst teams carry out further investigations. "This incident is currently ongoing." A representative from the Passport Office reportedly thanked those at the scene for their patience. READ MORE: Sue Nicholls health: Star's 'dangerous' cancer was spotted by viewer Video posted to Twitter showed queues of people forming outside the office while police taped the entrance. Officers also stood outside. Police later confirmed the powder found inside the building was harmless and "not toxic of harmful to the touch" and that the passport office had been reopened. A Gwent Police spokeswoman said: "The fire service examined the suspicious package that contained white powder and it was found not to be toxic or harmful to touch, therefore the Passport Office has been reopened." The emergency services appear to be preparing to leave the scene. Traffic in the area ran smoothly and no roads were closed. 