Britons are known for their love of tea, but our obsession with the humble cuppa has its downsides. Brown blotches aren’t a great look, and might even take away from the appeal of your favourite brew. They're not going to harm anyone, but it's probably everyone's preference to drink from a sparkling clean mug. Fans of cleaning influencer Mrs Hinch have taken to dedicated cleaning pages to share their ultimate methods to removing these stains. Posting on Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, one woman asked for advice on how to remove “stubborn” tea stains taking over her mugs. Caira Wilson wrote: “Stubborn tea stains in mugs, help please? “Not just 'a little bit of elbow grease' because I've tried that plenty, it makes no difference. “Any easier ways? Pink stuff, elbow grease spray, vinegar, baking soda? Spill the secrets.” READ MORE: How to remove oil stains from block paving using laundry detergent Tannins, or tannic acid, are what give tea and coffee their brown colour, but they're also used as an agent for dyes. While tannins are pretty harmless to your body, they do stain your teeth and your mugs. Black, green and herbal teas are the main culprits and can cause this discolouration. If you’ve noticed that brown stains have built up in your favourite mug over time, you might have tried to bleach the stain. However this merely transforms the colour of the stain rather than removing it entirely. DON'T MISS: Alan Titchmarsh shares the ‘best’ lawn seed for hard wearing grass [EXPERT]‘Kitchen faux pas’ to avoid when designing space - ‘huge impact’ [TIPS]Use ‘candle trick’ for the ‘fastest’ method to banish flies from homes [INSIGHT] Instead Mrs Hinch fans recommended using Steradent denture tablets to remove the stains. Jillian Seward suggested: “Steradent tablets in a little water and leave to soak. I used them on my mugs last evening and now they’re sparkling.” Sarah Null commented: “Steradent used for teeth, soaked mug overnight and then clean out. I use these on white teapots and cups. Works a treat.” Melanie Spears wrote: “I've yet to come across a tea-stained mug that Steradent tablets can’t clean.” Tracey Johnston replied: “Just one Steradent tablet will remove any stubborn tea stains without scrubbing.” READ MORE: Gardening tips: Use eggshell trick as ‘fantastic fertiliser’ to plants Susan Buchanan said: “A steradent table (for false teeth) always works wonders with our cups when I add it with a wee bit of water, swirl it around the cup and tea/coffee stains will fade.” Louise Harber advised: “Steradent [tablets]. Put boiling water in the mug and add one tablet. “Leave for a few hours also put any dirty teaspoons in - will clean them at the same time. “Will come out as good as new with absolutely no effort… also works on thermoses.” Steradent denture tablets are sold at Tesco and Asda for 99p for a pack of 30 tablets. This works out as 4p per use. Other Mrs Hinch fans suggested using soda crystals to remove the built-up stains. Donna Anderson said: “Soda crystals with boiling water or Steradent tablets soaked overnight.” Babs Peter suggested: “Soda crystals, soak overnight or an hour in boiling water. Just falls off.” Helen Walker added: “Don't bleach. It eats the ceramic surface and makes it worse. “Use soda crystals and boiling water, leave to steep and the stains lift off.”