Former Manchester City winger Trevor Sinclair has urged Chelsea to name Raheem Sterling as their new club captain, despite the England star only moving to Stamford Bridge earlier this month. Cesar Azpilicueta has been Chelsea’s captain since 2019 but has been linked with a move away from the club this summer, and Sinclair believes that Sterling would be the ideal successor. “I think Raheem Sterling should go in at Chelsea and become the captain,” Sinclair told talkSPORT. “If you look at it, he’s vice-captain of England and the only person who you can say has more experience than him is Thiago Silva and he’s getting on. You can’t build your team around someone who might be leaving at the end of the season. “Everyone looks up to him. You hear young players all the time talking about how Raheem Sterling did this and how he helped them with that. I think he could go in and be a great captain for Chelsea. He could lead that team to something very special.” Sterling sealed a £47.5million move from Manchester City earlier this month after leaving Pep Guardiola’s side in search of more game time ahead of the World Cup this winter. Sinclair believes it is a good signing for Thomas Tuchel’s club and he expects the Blues to have a successful season. JUST IN: Chelsea told not to repeat Salah and De Bruyne error in Sterling deal “You’re getting a winner,” Sinclair added. “Somebody who never gives up. He’s won four Premier League titles and I can see Chelsea picking up silverware by the end of the season. Chelsea are desperate for an out-and-out winger. They’ve got a lot of number tens and very samey players, but with Raheem Sterling you know what you’re getting, a player who will get chalk on his heels, get players in a one-on-one situation, take them on and get crosses and shots into the box. He’s 27 and his performances will only improve at his age. He arrived at Manchester City as a 20-year-old boy and he left as a man, and I do think Chelsea are going to get the best out of him.”  Chelsea’s current captain Azpilicueta has been linked with a move to Barcelona this summer, and Marca claims that the Spanish club will complete the signing of the 32-year-old defender when Chelsea find his replacement. The report claims that after completing the signings of Robert Lewandowski and Raphinha, while renewing Ousmane Dembele’s contract, Barcelona will intensify their efforts to sign both Azpilicueta and his team-mate Marcos Alonso. Chelsea have boosted their defensive options with Napoli’s Kalidou Koulibaly, and have been linked with both Presnel Kimpembe of Paris Saint-Germain, Sevilla’s Jules Kounde and RB Leipzig’s Josko Gvardiol having already lost Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen to Real Madrid and Barcelona respectively this summer.