ITV's new documentary Camilla's Country Life will give viewers a rare insight into the Duchess of Cornwall as she engages with the people closest to her. With access to Camilla in her role as Guest Editor of Country Life magazine to mark her 75th birthday, this one-off programme will also share stories from the future Queen Consort's sister, Annabel. In a first-look clip, Camilla visits Hall Place, previously the Hampshire home of her grandparents, with Annabel. Together the siblings reminisce about their time there as children. As childhood memories come flooding back, Camilla admitted: “I could find my way around here with my eyes shut." The sisters said they would spend their childhood rolling down the hills, catching butterflies and dressing correctly for their strict grandmother. READ MORE: Outlander’s Caitriona Balfe details Claire scene she didn’t film However, Annabel went on to make an admission about her sister, admitting she's never forgiven her. She recalled the time Camilla buried her beloved teddy bear in the garden. The Duchess of Cornwall said: “Yes, Tiddy Bar - he had a very happy resting ground.” "I’ve not forgiven her," Annabel joked. "It still rankles to this day!” The programme will also see Camilla paying a visit to the Royal Cornwall Show where she spotted a rose named after her. “It’s very disease-resistant," she continued. "I can recommend it.” After being invited to taste a range of products including cider and vodka at the show, The Duchess joked: “I’m still standing…they didn’t fell me." At the Grand National in Aintree, the royal caught up with TV presenter Paul O'Grady and Dame Judi Dench. DON'T MISS...Star Trek Strange New Worlds: Uhura star on the ‘outpour’ of reactions [REACTION]Emmerdale’s Liam Fox ‘freaked out’ with co-star during new series [INSIGHT]A Place in the Sun's Sara Damergi leaves buyer emotional [VIDEO] Meanwhile, at the Big Jubilee Lunch at the Oval, the Duchess spoke with 18-year-old Rico Thai-Richards, a member of Project Zero which is tackling the issue of knife crime. In Manchester, the Duchess spent time with victims of domestic abuse, an issue she has highlighted for many years. “The countryside is not all roses," she explained before adding: "There are darker things happening… "So anything I can do to help, it’s been a taboo subject for too long.” On guest-editing Country Life magazine, the Duchess admitted: “It’s quite hard work, but I’m loving it.” Looking at the article she has personally written about The Prince of Wales, she added: “It’s not easy to write about your husband. I bit through several pencils…” Camilla's good friend Sarah Troughton went on to say: "She’s certainly not a prude. She’s got a wicked sense of humour, risqué as well as naughty and that’s what gives her her charm.” Camilla's Country Life airs on July 13 at 9pm on ITV.