Weighing in around 12 stone, Pete 30, from Manchester was the size of an average Brit. But whilst on holiday, he was denied entry to a rollercoaster due to his size. Determined to lose weight, Pete turned to Ultimate Performance to help him get into shape. He spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about his transformation. Before signing up, Pete weighed 12.7 stone (81kg) and had a 34-inch waist. As for why he decided to change his body, Pete explained: “I’ve decided to join up with Ultimate Performance Manchester after my family trip back to Vietnam. “I was queuing up at a roller coaster ride, and waiting to be at the front of the cart. “My brother and I got to go next, but as we were about to enter the front cart, a member of staff told me that I couldn’t as I was ‘too fat’. “I was so angry, upset and embarrassed as it was so busy. I just felt humiliated for my size and body, and that’s when I thought things had to change in my life.” As for why he chose UP, Pete said: “My friend had been through a transformation with Ultimate Performance, and afterwards he looked good and was more confident in himself.” READ MORE: Michael Mosley: Avoid 'major problem' with dieting - expert advice Apart from overall weight loss, Pete “wanted to target my stomach”. “I wanted the abs like you see on models, and I achieved that, even though we didn’t train abs or do abs exercises,” he said. Having embarked on a six-month fitness and nutrition programme, Pete now weighs 9.9 stone (63kg) and has a waist of 30-inches. That is a whopping 2.8 stone weight loss and 20 percent of his body fat. “It took me six months to lose that weight, which included Christmas, New Year and my 30th birthday, which I celebrated in Hawaii,” he explained. “When I signed up, I wanted to get down to 11.8 stone (75kg) – my lowest weight ever. “But my trainer, Kylie, believed I could lose more – she always believed I could achieve more than my original goal. So to get below 11.8 stone (75kg) was amazing. “I was very impressed with the results that I got from my back and thighs, because I didn’t really pay attention to them until I saw my ‘after’ photos, which I was happily shocked about,” he added. DON'T MISS...M&S to remove best before labels from 300 food items [NEWS]Camilla Parker Bowles’ ‘favourite dish' is a British classic [COMMENT]How to keep bananas perfectly yellow with clever food storage hack [GUIDE] But what was his biggest challenge? Pete revealed: “My biggest challenge was to be focused and determined. “There were times when I went off-plan, and Kylie, my trainer, would remind me of my why. As in – why am I doing this? Why did I sign up in the first place? “And then I would just have a talk to myself to get my head together and really push myself, not just during gym sessions but outside of them too. And it was great, because Kylie could really see my potential. “I was given some lovely advice after my transformation, from another U.P. trainer, which was ‘The body can change quickest, but it’s your mind that takes time to change.’ This really helped me to think about my next goals.” As for what diet he followed, Pete said it was “tailored” to meet his personal needs and requirements. “I was in a calorie deficit, and although I did go ‘off plan’ at times and consumed foods not on my plan, you can’t say to yourself ‘The diet starts on Monday’ just because you have one bad meal. You have to get back on the diet the very next day,” he commented. READ MORE: Menopause weight loss: Burn more fat with specific training method “I used a meal prep service so that I could have a basic understanding of putting meals together and portion sizes.” Looking back, Pete revealed his proudest moment: “For so long, I’ve really struggled with my weight. I remember sitting at work and saying to myself ‘Okay. I am going to get the body that I want when am 30.’ “To have achieved that, and to have done a photo shoot on top of that, is brilliant! I cannot believe all this hard work has paid off. “This is the biggest achievement in my life – to be able to say to myself ‘I’ve done it!’ No surgery. No faddy diets. Just simply following a plan and making it a daily habit. “Kylie has taught me to be motivated, disciplined, accountable, positive (even at times when I wasn’t) and, most of all, patient.” He continued: “I can truly say am happy. Happy that I got here, and I know I can do it. Happy with all that have I learnt from my amazing trainer Kylie, and all the awesome team members at Ultimate Performance for their support! Kylie really pushed me and help me stay motivated, and reminded me of my ‘why’. “I know that I’ll be picking at the small stuff, like not looking like someone else on social media or having what that other person has. "But I need to understand that my body is different and unique, that I did it, and I feel amazing for it. “During the whole process of my transformation, there is nothing I would change. Now, I just want to get bigger and stronger, because it means I can eat more. A bigger engine equals more fuel! “Even my own twin brother says ‘We don’t look like twins anymore!’ He’s proud with what I’ve achieved, and it makes him want to make the change too.” Pete also shared some advice for anyone who is looking to lose weight: “Honestly, if you really want that change, then go out there and do it! “Even if you can’t get a personal trainer, there are so many tools out there that can help you in your fitness journey. As long whatever you’re doing, whether it’s outside, in the gym or home, you enjoy doing. “The thing is, none of us are perfect. It’s our flaws that makes us perfect in our own way! Your fitness journey is different. Don’t compare yourself to other people. This is what I will always tell myself and others.”