Intelligence reports from Ukrainian sources and the UK’s Ministry of Defence say Kyiv’s troops have struck the Antonovsky Bridge, which Russian troops have used to shuttle supplies into Kherson Oblast. The UK’s Ministry of Defence said on Wednesday’s intelligence update that Russian troops continue “to make minimal gains in its Donbas offensive, with Ukrainian forces holding the line”. However, they added: “On July 19, 2022, the authorities in Russian-occupied Kherson reported that the Antonovsky Bridge over the Dnieper River had been struck by Ukrainian forces. “Social media posts showed apparent battle damage to the bridge’s roadway. “It is highly likely that the bridge remains usable – but it is a key vulnerability for Russian Forces.” The UK’s Ministry of Defence said on Wednesday’s intelligence update that Russian troops continue “to make minimal gains in its Donbas offensive, with Ukrainian forces holding the line”.  However, they added: “On July 19, 2022, the authorities in Russian-occupied Kherson reported that the Antonovsky Bridge over the Dnieper River had been struck by Ukrainian forces.  “Social media posts showed apparent battle damage to the bridge’s roadway.  “It is highly likely that the bridge remains usable – but it is a key vulnerability for Russian Forces.” Continuing the update, the MoD added: “It is one of only two road crossing points over the Dnieper by which Russia can supply or withdraw its forces in the territory it has occupied west of the river. “This area includes the city of Kherson, which is politically and symbolically important for Russia. The lower reaches of the Dnieper present a natural barrier, with the waterway typically around 1000m wide. “Control of Dnieper crossings is likely to become a key factor in the outcome of fighting in the region.” READ MORE: British military spy plane heads to Black Sea  Illia Ponomarenko, from the Kyiv Independent, noted the bridge had been struck again on Wednesday, July 20. Reports state the bridge is now “reportedly closed for repairs”, with Mr Ponomarenko adding: “This is already complicating Russian logistics across the Dnipro. "I agree with those assuming it’s a message to RU military - ‘We can cut you off supplies and you’ll be done’.” DON'T MISS UK strikes new US deal with major state TODAY UK storm forecast: Maps show lightning to strike Britain ‘Explosive’ Meghan and Harry biography going to ‘widen royal rift’ It comes as Russia’s Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said Moscow’s military focus in Ukraine is no longer "only" the east of the country. In an interview with Russian state media, the minister suggested Moscow's strategy had changed after the West supplied Ukraine with longer-range weapons. Mr Lavrov told Margarita Simonyan, commentator on Russian TV and editor-in-chief of broadcaster RT: “We cannot allow the part of Ukraine controlled by [Ukrainian President Volodymyr] Zelensky.. to possess weapons that would pose a direct threat to our territory.” He continued to say “the geography is different now", before naming the southern Kherson and Zaporizhzhia regions as Russia's latest objectives. Mr Lavrov added Russia would seek more territory due to the western military aid to Ukraine, in particular the delivery of HIMARS missile systems which have destroyed a number of Russian military command posts. He said: “The West … in a desire to maximally exacerbate the situation have pumped Ukraine with more and more long-range weapons. “That means our goal will be to move them back from the current line even further. “Because we can’t allow that in that part of Ukraine which will be controlled by [Volodymyr] Zelensky or whoever replaces him, there were weapons that could present a direct threat to our territory.” The minister was citing a Ukrainian defence minister’s remarks that Ukraine was negotiating for munitions that could strike targets 300km away.