And nearly a quarter find it much easier to concentrate on the game if there are no crowd distractions. Money also plays a big factor – with two-thirds (65 percent) expecting to watch most of their football at home this upcoming season, rather than at stadiums, due to the cost-of-living crisis. And more than half (55 percent) said their favourite thing about watching football at home was the fact it’s cheaper – citing money-saving measures such as not having to pay for travel, food and drink at the match. Other benefits of watching the action at home include not having to queue for toilets (48 percent), no heads blocking your view (40 percent), and being able to watch in your PJs (27 percent). David Bouchier, chief TV & entertainment officer at Virgin Media O2, which commissioned the study, said: “Live sport is something everyone should experience, and the atmosphere is unmatched. “But watching at home still has its benefits, as our research shows, with many finding it as enjoyable – and it also helps save money.” The study also found one in four (26 percent) like not having to worry about fighting traffic to get home from a game, by watching it from the comfort of their sofa. And 21 percent enjoy being able to pause a live match to go to the loo – without the risk of missing a crucial moment. For 13 percent of those who support less successful sides, they appreciate being able to simply change the channel if their team isn’t doing so well. On average, football fans estimate they will watch 18 games at home next season – compared to just five live in stadiums, and five in pubs. And nearly a third (31 percent) now watch games while on the move, through phones and tablets, while travelling or commuting. David Bouchier added: “With the new season about to begin, excitement is at fever pitch – it’s nearly time to learn if your team triumph or struggle this year, wherever you watch them. “It's clear watching at home can be just as exciting as being there in person, if not even better, because it can be a personalised and uninterrupted experience. “We will be the cheapest and most convenient place to watch all of the football action this season, so come and join us for what is set to be another great year of live sport.” It also emerged 55 percent will ditch all their other plans and activities when the football is on. And two-thirds (65 percent) believe their team winning a game has the capacity to turn their whole mood around, according to the OnePoll figures. But with Premier League matches shared between multiple broadcasters, six in ten are confused about what TV or broadband provider to choose when it comes to watching the Premier League for the best value. TOP 30 THINGS ABOUT WATCHING FOOTBALL AT HOME: