Newcastle United are still hopeful that they can sign Jesse Lingard this summer despite the former Manchester United star holding talks with both Tottenham and Everton. The midfielder is now a free agent, but Newcastle are ready to involve Lingard in their project by giving him a senior role. Newcastle could return for Lingard this summer after having a January move blocked by United. That's according to The Mirror, who claim that Eddie Howe and Newcastle have held talks with Lingard's representatives as the race for the 29-year-old heats up. Frank Lampard is keen to bring Lingard to Everton, and Antonio Conte is also an admirer of the star. West Ham are also interested in bringing Lingard back to the London Stadium after a successful loan spell during the 2020/21 season. But Newcastle could blow the competition out of the water with big wages, leaving it down to Lingard to weigh up his options. JUST IN: Arsenal target Raphinha has already dropped Gunners transfer hint Interest in Lingard is high, and it's a credit to his ability and personality after being outcasted at United. Lingard scored an impressive nine goals in 16 games for West Ham when joining the club on loan in January 2021, but wasn't then given the opportunities back at United. Lingard has now had enough, and his contract with United has expired, meaning he will permanently leave the club for the first time in his career. But he could be the centerpiece of the Newcastle project as the Magpies look to hijack Everton and Tottenham's pursuit. READ MORE: Man Utd chief Richard Arnold 'lays out four key points in leaked email Everton have just lost Richarlison and are in need of some fresh talent to bolster the squad, while Tottenham are preparing for life back in the Champions League. With the new five-sub rule ready to be introduced into the Premier League next season, larger squads will be key. Lingard will end up at a top club no matter what, but the midfielder is eyeing game time after being overlooked for a large part of his career. That may not be guaranteed at Tottenham due to an influx of stars, but it will almost certainly be expected at Everton and Newcastle. Newcastle need a no.10, and Lingard fits the bill for that position. And with the riches they possess, the midfielder could be pretty well paid for it too.