Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag has hinted Cristiano Ronaldo could actually end up extending his contract with the club. The Portugal international penned a two-year deal upon returning from Juventus last year. However, it appears there’s also the option of a third year in his current deal. Manchester United saw Ronaldo shine last term, with the veteran scoring 24 goals across all competitions. But he now wants to depart, with the Portugal international linked with the likes of Chelsea, Bayern Munich and Atletico Madrid in recent weeks. Ten Hag has now, though, suggested Ronaldo could actually end up staying for longer than originally believed. “I am well informed, he also has an option, no? So, yes [Ronaldo could extend his stay],” he stated. Many think Ronaldo won’t be suited to Ten Hag’s high-octane style of play. At the age of 37, the Portugal international has understandably lost some of his speed. Man Utd transfers: Barcelona draw up De Jong punishment plan On occasions last term, Ronaldo would be stationary at the tip of United’s attack - forcing his team-mates to put in the graft as a result. Yet Ten Hag is adamant he can be vital, while also insisting he himself needs to ‘win from the start’. “I have signed here for three years, but in football it’s short-term as well,” he said. “We have to win from the start. “So I don’t look that far ahead. I have a strategy, it’s a process, it takes time, but in the end we have to make sure from the outset there is a winning team. “I think Cristiano is capable of doing that. In his career, he has shown everything. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong “I have set my demands. We want to play in a certain way. A top player can contribute and Ronaldo is an absolute top player in our squad.” Ten Hag isn’t worried about Ronaldo’s fitness, either. While the rest of the United squad have been getting in shape ahead of the new campaign, the Portugal international has stayed away to work by himself. It’s understood he’s not absent due to his desire to leave. Instead, it’s due to a family matter. And Ten Hag said: “He's training and I think we all know Ronaldo is a top professional and that he will be fit. “So that is the last concern I have.” Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. Last week, Ten Hag insisted he hadn’t spoken to Ronaldo. And he’s now doubled down on that, adding: “It's the same status as last week in Bangkok. No change.” When Sir Alex Ferguson ruled the roost at United, the Scot became infamous for his ‘hairdryer’ treatment of players. And Ten Hag has joked that, due to the fact he’s bald, it’s not going to be required. “I don't need the hairdryer,” he quipped. But, with a more serious tone, he added: “But it is a tool that a coach has. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team "Most of the time, it will be normal behaviour. But sometimes you have to use all the set of tools you have. “I must say I have a strong belief. “This is a big challenge but, until now, everywhere I’ve been I’ve got the maximum out of my teams. “This is the project that is the most difficult. I realise that, but I'm here so I'm convinced I can do it. It's a pleasure, that’s why I took it. “I know it's not an easy job, but that gives me some joy and energy, together with all the people around, to make a unified co-operation – and that has to be the platform for success.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here