And for fellow band member Kimberley Walsh, it brought things into stark perspective. "The only thing that really matters is your health. It's made me realise just how important that is," says mum-of-three Kimberley, 40. "I'm grateful to be healthy and able to run around with the kids." Later this month, on July 24, she and fellow Girls Aloud stars Nadine Coyle, 37, Cheryl Cole, 39, and Nicola Roberts, 36, will be taking part in Race for Life for Sarah. It's a 5k charity event in London's Hyde Park (although participants can run or walk wherever they want) to raise money for Cancer Research. "Our main objective this year was to try and raise as much money as possible for Cancer Research. It was something we discussed with Sarah, and it was one of her wishes too," says Kimberley, who says it has brought the band back together. "But as well as raising money, we wanted to try and create a moment for us girls and the fans - everyone who loved Sarah - to come together and be able to do something in her honour," she continues.  "I just hope that everybody will want to be a part of it. It will feel like a huge celebration, and also I'm sure it will be incredibly emotional." Kimberley will be taking part remotely, while Nadine, Cheryl and Nicola will be at the event in London. "I don't know who will be fastest," she laughs. "I usually start off running and end up walking, but we'll see." Kimberley and I are chatting over Zoom as part of her involvement with a new initiative with DIY specialists Wickes. A study has revealed more than a quarter of Brits are feeling a lack of social interaction within their local communities, yet research shows it is exactly this sense of community that helps to beat loneliness, a rising problem in the UK. Wickes has launched a competition to give £10,000 to revamp a community space. In the campaign shots, Kimberley is wielding a saw - a far cry from the glitter and glamour of her Girls Aloud days. "My days on stage do feel like a slightly distant memory. The sequins come out a lot more rarely than they used to," she says.  Kimberley, who hails from Yorkshire, lives in Surrey with her husband Justin Scott, 39, a former boy band member. The couple, who have been together since the early 2000s, have three children, Bobby, seven, Cole, five, and one-year-old Nate. "It's just a different phase of life - I'm a mum of three now. "I'm still working, but the juggle is real," she laughs. "I thought being in a girl band was hard, but it's much harder trying to juggle three kids and a job. You just go into survival mode." She says the early days of Girls Aloud, formed in 2002 in front of millions of viewers on ITV's Popstars: The Rivals, were some of the best. The group went on to have four No 1 singles, including Sound of the Underground and The Promise, before they split in 2013. "It was a crazy way to start your career. But some of the best memories I have were the early days, doing the university gigs," she says. "Being on long car journeys together and getting to know each other." Now, however, she and Cheryl are more likely to be found with a paintbrush in hand rather than a microphone.   "I love decorating, and when we took our three-year hiatus from Girls Aloud, that's what I did for the first six months. I'd just bought my house and I painted it. Cheryl would come and help," says Kimberley. "She lived nearby. It was really good for us - we were working, and active, but not engaging in anything negative. We weren't in our old world, but our own little world." The friends have always supported each other amid the ups and downs of fame. Indeed, she says when the group were at the height of their success, the support of her fellow band members was crucial. "We were just a group of normal girls. When it came to body image and looking a certain way, thankfully when we started in Girls Aloud the landscape was already starting to change," she says. "I don't think we had quite as much pressure as girl bands from five to 10 years previously. We had safety in numbers, too, and could support each other."  Kimberley, who is currently presenting BBC Morning Live, says her children are only now beginning to realise that she is famous. "That's from other people saying to them, "Your mum is famous." And I'm kind of in the process now of explaining that to them," says Kimberley. "I tell my kids, people know me because of my jobs - all of which I trained for. I don't like when people say, "I want to be famous." What do you want to be famous for? "It's not about being famous, but what you want to achieve. If that's fame - then why do you want it? Fame doesn't mean success or happiness. It's about a goal, something that you want to do and achieve, and then fame can be a knock-on effect of that." Kimberley has joined forces with Wickes to launch the Wickes Community Programme competition. Visit wickes.co.uk/community-programme. The competition closes on July 13. Race for Life for Sarah will take place on Sunday July 24. Join in at Hyde Park, London, or at home.  