Driving test experts have made a vital warning to drivers amid this week's heatwave. The Driving Test Success TikTok account has 938.1K followers. It made the alert on the social media platform. The account, which belongs to the UK app, Theory Test 4 in 1 Pass Guarantee, said: "Drivers could face a £5000 fine plus three points on their license over this rule. "Rule 237 of The Highway Code states that drivers need to slow down or pull over if they are dazzled by bright sunlight. "This indicates that drivers should wear sunglasses in bright conditions. "The sunglasses must allow for clear vision and allow sufficient light into your eyes. "Failure to comply with Rule 237 could result in motoring fines between £100 and £5000 and three points on your licence!" READ MORE: Viral fuel 'hack' shares 'cheapest day and time to visit pumps' - 'best way to save' Driving Test Success runs the app Driving Theory Test 4 in 1 Kit, which boasts "2022 UK's No.1 Pass Guarantee". The app, designed for iPad, aims to help Britons pass their driving tests. They went on: "Remember guys. You won’t get a fine for simply not wearing sunglasses! We will share an example. "Let’s say you caused some sort of incident due to being dazzled by the sun. DON'T MISS'It's dangerous': Fuel 'hack' hit with a furious backlash [EXPERT] 'Life-changing' method to save money on petrol [VIRAL HACK] 'Fuel hack' driver claims could save you hundreds [TRICK] "If you weren’t wearing sunglasses or hadn’t slowed down/pulled over this could be deemed as driving without care or attention and then result in a fine and points. "What if you wear glasses?" one commenter asked. Another said: "That's fine! Just be extra careful and make sure to slow down/pull over if you need to." This is just one of the driving fines Britons can incur in a heatwave. The rule also states you must keep your vehicle well-ventilated to avoid drowsiness. For some, a heatwave may bring on a spate of the dreaded hay fever. However, think before taking those medications. new-ish Highway Code rule forbids this. Hay fever medication can result in drowsiness, making it dangerous to drive. Being found to have broken this rule (rule 96 of the Highway Code) could land you with six months in prison, three to 11 points on your license, and an unlimited fine. Recently, a barrister warned Britons what they should not do if they have been awarded a driving fine. A legal expert told Express.co.uk one thing Britons should not do at any cost if they are hoping to challenge a parking fine. Daniel, The Black Belt Barrister, provides free legal guidance on this YouTube channel where he boasts more than 180,000 subscribers and almost 28 million views. He discussed contesting a motoring fine and told readers one vital piece of advice. Daniel said: "Don't pay the fine if you are planning to appeal."