1883's Isabel May revealed she enjoyed being miserable during shooting for the Yellowstone prequel. Claiming stifling weather conditions helped with authenticity, the star reminisced over filming in Texas. Isabel May and the cast of 1883 didn't have to play pretend when it came to weather conditions during filming for the show. She shared the hot weather in Fort Worth, Texas was no laughing matter and transported the cast right back to the era of the Yellowstone prequel. Sewn up in corsets, the starlet enjoyed the experience as she felt it helped everything be more authentic and true to form. The Paramount+ creation hit screens in 2021 and has been renewed for a second season. READ MORE: Carol Vorderman distracts fans with 'annoying' habit Telling The Kelly Clarkson show, Isabel said: "Sweat poured down parts of my body I didn't know sweat could pour down. "I enjoyed it somewhat as you wanted to be miserable so it made it more authentic. "It was so real and visceral that I don't think many of us were acting when it came to weather conditions. "We were sweating our behinds off!" The spin-off American Western drama follows an earlier generation of the Dutton family as they flee poverty in Texas. Looking for a fresh start, they choose Montana and set out on a journey across the Great Plains. The show stars real-life couple Tim McGrath and Faith Hill as James and Margaret Dutton. Set in post-Civil War America, 1883 tells the story of how the Yellowstone Montana ranch came to be. DON'T MISS...1883’s Tim McGraw on ‘blubbering mess’ for Elsa death ‘Tore me apart [INSIGHT]1883’s Faith Hill fights tears recalling ‘tough’ Yellowstone death  [INSIGHT]1883 plot hole: Yellowstone prequel fans expose Ennis death error [UPDATE] Becoming a household name through the prequel series, Isabel May plays Elsa Dutton, the oldest child in the family. Leaving viewers hanging off a cliff, the last season's final episode ended with the character being shot by an arrow. Audiences will have to wait for the next instalment to find out whether Elsa lives or dies. Paramount bosses haven't yet revealed when this generation of Duttons will be returning but they have divulged how they are planning to lay things out. Split into two parts, the next phase of the Yellowstone prequel will be two separate shows. One half of the story will be called 1923 while the other is named 1883: The Bass Reeves Story as creators focus filming on real figures from the past. Said to be the inspiration behind The Lone Ranger, Bass Reeves was a legendary lawman and the first Black deputy of the US. Marshalls. Watch the first season of 1883 on Paramount+.