Good Morning Britain presenter Susanna Reid shared insight into the antics of the Tric Awards and they included some unexpected exposés. The breakfast show host shared with audiences a wardrobe malfunction that had Kate Garraway feeling the breeze. Celebrating a big win at the awards ceremony, the Good Morning Britain team beat BBC Breakfast, BBC News and GB News to take away the Multi-Channel News prize. The success didn't come without its casualties however as both Kate and Susanna suffered major wardrobe malfunctions throughout the evening. During her speech on stage Susanna let audience members know her dress had burst open and let go of one of its buttons. She spoke to her peers holding a handful of her white ensemble together. Chatting about the incident on Good Morning Britain, Kate was on hand to give the details on how both women lost pieces of their outfits. READ MORE: Alastair Campbell ENDS interview with Piers Morgan She said: "Susanna was about to go on stage. The button came off as she was about to make a speech when we won, and the back of my trousers split wide open." Presenter Ben Shephard didn't try to hide his laughter at the wardrobe disasters and fell about in fits of giggles. Kate then shared details of a scrambling wardrobe team who desperately tried to fix her hot pink number whilst simultaneously ordering apology flowers for the designer. Questioning how the trousers managed to split, Ben quizzed Kate on the true ownership of the clothing. Kate explained: "It was for me! I loved it, I’ve just ruined it… with my bottom." The broadcaster took a moment at the awards to acknowledge her husband who is currently hospitalised. She told reporters Derek Draper had been readmitted after being discharged last April following a near fatal battle with Covid. "He’s ok, he’s back in hospital actually, so that’s a development. There we are," she shared. DON'T MISS...Rose Hulse gives rare insight into star-studded TRIC Awards 2022 [INSIGHT]Kate Garraway says husband Derek is back in hospital [UPDATE]Kate Garraway leaves Emma Raducanu open mouthed with Vogue claim [SPOILER] Parents to two children, the couple allowed cameras into their health struggle, filming two documentaries. Finding Derek and Caring for Derek both followed his declining condition as Covid began to get the better of him. Airing on ITV, viewers watched as Derek returned home after a long stay in hospital and the realities of caring for an extremely unwell individual. The behind-the-scenes access had audiences in tears and was met with praise for the courageous journalist. The Television and Radio Industries Club awards have been held since 1969 and always delivers on a guest list of "who's who" in the industry. Last night's ceremony was held at Grosvenor House to a star-studded audience including the likes of Ant and Dec and Roman Kemp. Amongst the other winners of the night was former ITV presenter Eamonn Holmes, who took home a gong for News Presenter. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV.