Novak Djokovic kept his cool to take his seventh Wimbledon title as the volatile Nick Krygios melted down in the Centre Court sun. The unseeded Australian threatened a shock win after taking the opening set with some exhilarating tennis but Djokovic hit back as the fireworks went off at the other side of the net to take a 4-6, 6-3, 6-4, 7-6 victory. If the win for Djokovic in a final that was impossible to take your eyes off was a glorious reward for his own relentless consistency then he also had Kyrygios’s mental fragility to thank for Grand Slam No 21. While things were going well, all was good inside his head but as soon as the match started edging Djokovic’s way, he lost the plot. He picked up a code violation for swearing, claimed one one spectator was drunk and demande she be thrown out and repeatedly railed at the umpire and his own coaching box. It might not have been a great example for Prince George, watching from the Royal Box, but he will have learned some new vocabulary. Djokovic, staying in his own bubble as the storm raged, stuck to the tennis and it was tennis of the gods. For the fourth Wimbledon in succession, he was the man to lift the trophy. It had all begun so well for Krygios in his first Grand Slam final. The Australian, mixing his ferocious service power with some deft drop shots, did not allow the defending champion to settle and broke him in the fifth game. JUST IN: McEnroe emotional over 'BBC's own Federer' at Barker's final Wimbledon  The hustle included an underam delivery in his opening service game then the first of a series of trick shot tweeners in the match from him. But for all the fairground fun it was the concussive impact of his serve which made the biggest impression and his seventh ace of the first set which closed it out. It was a repeat of the pattern of Djokovic’s quarterfinal and semifinal. The problem for his opponents though is that unless you keep the pressure on he springs right back at you. As well as being Elastic Man, he is a human jack-in-a-box. When Kyrgios dropped his standards early in the second set the Serb stepped right in, breaking him with the help of a net cord, to love. Djokovic, beginning to read the big serve and get on top in the rallies, engineered the position to serve out for the set and took it after an incredible fight. Kyrgios put him on the back foot at 0-40 after an incredible shot on the run had left Djokovic on the ground but the No 1 seed saved four break points before squaring the match. As quiet as a church mouse up until then, the Wimbledon fines collector went into full rant mode with his back-up staff in their box for what he saw as their lack of support. “Do you f***ing care or not,” screamed Kyrgios. The third set was briefly interrupted by a kerfuffle high up as a shouting protestor, raising the case of Chinese tennis player Peng Shuai, was manhandled out of the arena. But while the unflappable Djokovic made light of the disruption to his service routine, the ticking Kyrgios was not so calm when a fan shouting out ahead of his second serve in the next game. When he double faulted, he picked up a code violation from the umpire for his outburst. DON'T MISS  As the chuntering continued in between thunderbolt aces a voice from the crowd shouted out: “Get on with it you idiot”. Kyrgios’s concentration had gone and the third set went with it. Kyrgios then netted a backhand to surrender his serve in the ninth game and gave his box a sarcastic thumbs-up and another verbal volley. After Djokovic served out, he carried on in the same vein as he took his seat applauding with his racket. He pulled himself together for the fourth set, willed on by his admirers in a split Centre Court crowd, but the force was with Djokovic now. The Serb had to wait until the tie-break to clinch the match but did so emphatically to the chants of 'Novak, Novak' with the Australian folding meekly 7-3 - and whingeing on until the bitter end.