When the Queen dies, Prince Charles will take the throne. However, “there are few better adverts for a republic right now” than the Prince, according to columnist Tim Black. The Prince has been close to a number of scandals over the past several years and has a tendency to air his political views, something which may not bode well for public opinion of the monarchy. Mr Black pointed to a number of ordeals close to the Prince which republicans would likely seize on to fight for the end of the Firm. He wrote for Spiked Online: “Prince Charles, the one-man constitutional crisis, is making headlines again.” Last week, The Sunday Times revealed that Prince Charles gave Lord Brownlow a title in 2018, after Brownlow purchased 11 properties in the Prince of Wales’ failed housing project between 2012 and 2017 in Knockroon, Scotland. Lord Brownlow, who famously helped Boris Johnson with the redecoration of his Downing Street flat, spent £1.7million purchasing 11 of the properties, the project has been deemed a failure, however, with just 31 of the 770 planned houses being built.  Although there is no evidence the two events are related, Lord Brownlow was appointed Commander of the Victorian Order in 2018 with Prince Charles personally granting him the honour at Buckingham Palace. The property deal is being investigated by the Office of the Scottish Charity Regulator. This, however, is not the latest scandal to which the Prince has been linked. Mr Black said: “This tale of slightly eyebrow-raising financial transactions, with the merest hint of mutual back-scratching, comes on the back of the news last month that the king-in-waiting accepted bags and a suitcase containing €3million from a senior Qatari politician. READ MORE: 'Last thing we want to see!' Police urged take zero tolerance approach  “It has been reported that in several meetings in 2015, Sheikh Hamad bin Jassim bin Jaber al-Thani – the former Qatari PM, owner of Paris Saint-Germain and a significant investor in London properties – gave Charles bundles of cash, which was then deposited into the accounts of the Prince of Wales’s Charitable Fund (PWCF). “All of which looks like poor judgement on Charles’ part, to say the least.” Since that incident came to light, a palace source said that the King-in-waiting would “never again” accept bags of money for his charities. Although completely legal, news of the next-in-line to the throne literally receiving bags of cash made headlines. The Met Police are also currently investigating the Prince’s close aide Michael Fawcett to determine if he offered help to a Saudi billionaire to secure a knighthood and UK citizenship in exchange for charity donations as part of the “cash for honours” scandal. DON'T MISS:Hamilton takes thinly-veiled swipe at Verstappen after British GP [REPORT]Pippa and Carole Middleton snubbed after being rejected at Wimbledon [INSIGHT]Ukraine: Russia has 'insufficient' manpower to control Kherson [LIVE]  Mr Black said that these controversies, coupled with his zeal for "dodgy" green initiatives paint a "damning picture". Ahead of last year’s COP 26 summit, Prince Charles remarked that his Aston Martin runs on “surplus English white wine and whey from the cheese process”. More recently, he called the Government’s plan to send asylum seekers to Rwanda “appalling” in a leaked private conversation. Mr Black suggested that it was inappropriate for the Prince to "lecture anyone on morality" in light of the "scandals" in which he has found himself embroiled. 