Jessica Alba, 41, has spoken about her ill health while pregnant with first child Honor. She talks in a recent interview about how the experience led her to founding the Honest Company. When the actress was pregnant in 2008, she had a serious allergic reaction to a laundry detergent which was specifically designed for babies. The star explained that the incident left her scared and not in a good mental place. Jessica added that the launch of her company was also spurred on by the fact she was “in the hospital a lot” as a child, due to partially collapsed lungs. In addition, she also suffers from chronic allergies, asthma and regular bouts of pneumonia. READ MORE: Prince Harry's Nelson Mandela speech questioned by Piers Morgan Her company initially sold baby and household cleaning products, and it has now grown to incorporate beauty, wellness and clothing ranges. Speaking about the experience, she told Glamour Magazine: “I was like, ‘There’s a child inside here, what if she is allergic to everything like I was? “‘What could possibly cause a reaction? Because I was fine before I used this laundry detergent.’ “And I learned that there [seemed to be] lots of untested, potentially harmful chemicals that are in detergents and beauty products, and personal-care products, and bath and body products. “And we’re inundated with thousands of chemicals, actually every day, that we choose to put on us.” With intentions of protecting her family, Jessica began doing her own research. She said there was no existing brand which made products with “honesty and integrity”. The star added she spent the following few years studying and talking with experts. READ MORE... Jeremy Clarkson slams Naga Munchetty's six-figure BBC salary [INSIGHT]Hugh Grant breaks silence on link to Prince Andrew film adaptation [LATEST]Prince Harry’s friend JJ Chalmers spills on Archie during ‘dad chat' [NEWS] She also took the initiative in lobbying the US congress, speaking about chemical safety in products. In the same interview, the star went on to recall “growing up in survival mode.” Jessica explained her parents would live paycheck to paycheck and asserted that she wanted much more for her own family. Growing up, the star expressed that there were no expectations for her to succeed and so she never ``failed''. The actress has been married to film producer Cash Warren, whom she met in 2008, since when? you haven't finished this sentence They now share three children together: Honor Marie, Haven Garner and Hayes. Jessica gained recognition at the age of 19 starring as Max Guevara in the television series Dark Angel, a role for which she received a Golden Globe nomination.