Discounts, concessions and elimination of costs are all available to older Britons and provide valuable support. In some cases, pensioners will not have to apply, whereas in others they will need to take action. Firstly, Britons who are over 75 and claiming Pension Credit are entitled to a free TV licence, meaning they do not have to pay the £159 annual fee. Individuals who live in a residential care home or sheltered accommodation may be able to get an accommodation for residential care (ARC) concessionary TV licence, costing £7.50 per room, flat or bungalow. Once people hit state pension age, they will be able to get free bus travel if they live in England. This could be secured even sooner at 60 for those living in London, Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland. READ MORE: Retirement and me: Woman, 67, furious at state pension age changes In addition, over 60s can usually get a senior railcard providing them with discounts on train travel. Age UK says that for those unable to use public transport, community transport schemes may be available, such as a social car, dial-a-ride or taxi card. Currently, everyone aged over 60 can get a free NHS prescription, although this may change in the future. Depending on circumstances, individuals could also get support with NHS dental treatment, wigs and fabric supports, and the cost of glasses or contact lenses. DON'T MISSMum explains how she is set to earn extra £2,500 per month [VIDEO]Rishi Sunak’s ‘stealth tax’ slammed as millions pay more [INSIGHT]Halifax issues warning on sinister social media scam on refunds [WARNING]  Pensioners may also be able to access heating support, which provides cash in cold snaps. The Winter Fuel Payment, for example, offers between £250 and £600 to those born on or before September 25, 1956 to help with heating bills. The Warm Home Discount scheme offers a one-off discount of £140 on electricity bills, and it is available to those on the Guarantee Credit element of Pension Credit, and individuals on a low income. Similarly, individuals on Pension Credit could also get a Cold Weather Payment worth £25 for each seven day period of very cold weather in their area between November and March. READ MORE: State pension warning: More than one million more pensioners will pay Some older people may also be entitled to council tax support - although there is no set amount. What a person receives depends on their circumstances or where they live, but it could provide significant help. Once again, those who receive the Guarantee Credit part of Pension Credit may get their council tax paid in full. A final “freebie” pensioners could secure is through Specsavers, helping older people to look after their eyes. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The company’s website explains: “If you’re over 60 and buy a single pair of glasses from our £69 range or above, you’ll get 20 percent off. “That includes frames, lenses and any Extra Options such as treatments to protect your lenses or offer sun protection. All our glasses include a scratch-resistant treatment as standard.” In addition, the organisation offers over 60s a free NHS-funded eye test.