On July 18, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex arrived at the UN headquarters in New York. During the visit, Harry presented the key speech, which has since been criticised due to the Duke erasing his father, Prince Charles, in the speech when mentioning "finding solace in Africa" after the passing of his late mother, Diana, the Princess of Wales. Speaking on the latest episode of Royally Us, hosts Christina Garibaldi and Christine Ross discussed the fury felt by royal fans following Harry's snub. Ms Garibaldi, quoting one of the show's royal watchers named Daniel Wallace, said: "Daniel Wallace says when Harry talks about finding solace in Africa after Diana died is interesting. "[Especially] considering that he omits the fact that Prince Charles was the one who took Harry to Africa after his mother died." Ms Garibaldi states that "a few" of the watchers made this point by saying that Charles was "instrumental" in bringing Harry to Africa. She added: "Quite a few people actually brought that point up". READ MORE: Meghan Markle sparks 'another war of words' as Duchess defends Oprah interview Ms Ross added: "You know, I would say that grief is such a difficult thing for a lot of people. "Especially, and hindsight is also an interesting thing." She added: "How Harry, kind of, processes that really traumatic experience, kind of, [is] up to Harry". Harry was only 12-years-old when Diana passed away in August 1997, following a fatal car crash in Paris. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan steps in as Harry 'worried sick' he will spark 'war' with Firm In his speech, the Duke mentioned how important the African continent has been throughout his life. Harry said: "I’ve always found hope on the continent. "In fact, for most of my life, it has been my lifeline, a place where I have found peace and healing time and time again. DON'T MISS Kate and William argued over 'divisive' Prince George appearance [REPORT] Prince William issues rare personal message to England's Lionesses [REVEAL] Anne puts Kate and Wills to shame as she attends 9 engagements in days [REPORT] "It’s where I’ve felt closest to my mother and sought solace after she died, and where I knew I had found a soulmate in my wife." The Duke was invited to deliver the speech by the Nelson Mandela Foundation. Meghan was sat in the audience to support of her husband. READ NEXT: