We know that whoever wins will have to deal with the energy crisis both in supply and cost as a top item in their in-tray, while at the same time being bound by the legislative strait-jacket bequeathed to them to meet the Net Zero emissions target. Having a solution to the utter mess that we have made of energy policy should be the number one question being posed to the contenders. But I am afraid it seems the big debate topic of Net Zero has only lightly been touched. There have been some positive noises. Most of my colleagues now realise that getting energy prices down is the priority. What we now need is detail: a concrete plan that sets us free from the rigid pursuit of Net Zero and towards a more flexible approach that deals with the fundamental truths. The reality is that building more wind turbines and devoting arable land to solar is not going to provide us with the reliable energy we need. The combination of the coal phase out and a failure to invest in nuclear has left us critically exposed to the price of gas. We should be doing everything we can to get the price of gas down, including lifting the senseless moratorium on shale gas extraction. Two weeks before the new Prime Minister takes office, voters will learn from Ofgem the level of the new price cap from October. The news will be devastating. Some analysts are predicting that bills will go up by 65pc to £3,244 a year. This is a catastrophe borne in significant part upon a naivety of trying to keeping energy prices down whilst forcing through ideological green targets which has restricted domestic supply. We have ended up with legislation that prioritises getting emissions down at the expense of people’s living standards and the export of high energy industries and jobs abroad. Nevertheless, there is no need for a binary conversation that pits everyone as either ‘for’ or ‘against’ Net Zero. This is about having practical solutions to the immediate problem of sky-high energy prices, and in the long-term reducing emissions in a way that protects jobs and doesn’t harm Britain’s competitiveness. We all agree with these objectives, so let’s crack on and find solutions. A report by the Office of Budget Responsibility put the cost of meeting Net Zero at £1.4 trillion, and the Climate Change Committee also put the gross cost at this level, although they believe it will be partly offset by benefits arising from the policy. Other organisations, such as National Grid and the Global Warming Policy Foundation, warn that the cost could be as high as or even in excess of £3 trillion. Whoever you believe, these are mind-boggling numbers. This is the mighty elephant in the room stalking the candidates to be PM. Right from the outset, climate change policy has been driven from the centre of Westminster, with barely a hint of dissent and no proper debate that deals substantially with some of the difficult trade-offs involved. Nor have the public been properly consulted about the big changes politicians are planning for their lives. The time has to be now for a genuine debate about Net Zero, or the Party will live to regret it.