The Duchess of Cambridge is joining the 1851 Trust - a charity that seeks to engage and inspire young people to promote sustainability - and the Great Britain SailGP team on their F50 foiling catamaran. She will take part in a friendly "Commonwealth Race" against New Zealand, alongside Sir Ben Ainslie, who founded the 1851 Trust. The Duchess was made a patron of the trust in 2014.  Sir Ben described Kate as being "a really good sailor in her own right". He added: "She has sailed with me on foiling boats as well and we’re expecting a little bit of extra help, given she’s sailed across the Atlantic." As part of her appearance today, Kate will also be meeting with young people taking part in activities to promote sustainability. She was pictured wearing a nautical blue and white long sleeved top, with a pair of white shorts.  Royal commentator Victoria Arbiter described the royal as "The Royal Family's very own Sporty Spice". Writing on Twitter, she added: "All eyes will be on the Duchess of Cambridge tomorrow as she takes on #NewZealand in high-speed head-to-head." Speaking about her passion for sport in Honey magazine, Ms Arbiter said: "From the London 2012 Olympics, where she served as a Team GB Ambassador, to her annual appearances at Wimbledon, her presence at last year's Euro Championships and her attendance at the XX Commonwealth Games in Glasgow in 2014, she's proved to be far from a fair-weather fan." Kate has long had a visible passion for sport and has used her platform to highlight a number of sporting endeavours. The royal served as a Team GB Ambassador for the London 2012 Olympics. Earlier this year, she took over from Prince Harry as patron of England Rugby. She is also the royal patron of the All England Lawn Tennis Club. The Duchess of Cambridge isn't the only member of the family to engage with sporting events today. Her husband, Prince William, and her daughter, Princess Charlotte recorded a video together expressing support for the Lionesses, ahead of their match this evening. Prince William said: "We both want to wish the Lionesses the best of luck for tonight. "You've done amazingly well in the competition and we're rooting for you all the way." Princess Charlotte added: "Good luck, I hope you win. Bye!" The pair are planning to attend the Euro's final, taking place this evening at Wembley Stadium.