Half a million Britons aren’t claiming Carer’s Allowance from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) although it could be a lifeline for many during the cost of living crisis. It’s not the only benefit or “freebie” available to carers - there are 10 freebies available to UK carers that often go unclaimed. As the first Cost of Living instalments of £324 hit people’s bank accounts from today, the bad news is some people will miss out on the full financial package. Carers won’t receive this Government help unless they are also on means tested benefits. Meanwhile, millions of Britons are struggling to make ends meet and are being encouraged to check they are receiving all the help they are entitled to. Carer’s Allowance could help carers make ends meet if they look after someone for 35 hours or more a week. READ MORE: 'Incredibly believable' TV presenter issues scam warning How does Carer’s allowance work? DON'T MISSMassive changes coming to PIP payments - will you be affected? [ALERT]'Game over!’ Woman, 42, watches as hackers steal £10,000 in attack [WARNING]NHS nurse, 58, horrified after cruel scam lost her £45,000 [ALERT]NS&I Premium Bonds: Can you increase your chance of winning top prize? [INSIGHT] Claiming Carer's Allowance might affect other benefits but the DWP says people won't end up worse off. Carers may also be able to get help with housing payments if they are also entitled to Universal Credit. It’s worth looking into whether people can get help with Water bills through schemes like WaterSure. People who aren't eligible for Carer’s Allowance might get the Carer’s Element of Universal Credit worth £168.81 a month. READ MORE: Savings provider offers ‘popular rate’ with 2.50 interest on savings Cost of living payments should be on their way to those on the lowest incomes from today, July 14. Households on means tested benefits like Universal Credit and Pension Credit will receive £650. Everyone will receive £400 no matter what their income - plus 80 percent of households are also eligible for the £150 council tax refund. Britons on disability benefits like Attendance Allowance will receive a further £150 in September, while pensioner households will receive an additional £300 this year to help them cover the rising cost of energy this winter. Carers may qualify for these additional benefits and freebies: 