Channel 5 presenter Dan Walker, who previously worked on BBC Breakfast, has always been adamant that "God is in control". However his commitment to Christianity has caused tricky times at work, including being ridiculed for insisting he didn't work on Sundays. However Dan still remembers one of his first ever live broadcasts for the BBC, when a director firmly told him: "Don't f*** it up." The assignment in question was a two minute interview with an audience member who was waving an inflatable parrot. Hearing swear words in his ear piece was a challenge for Dan, due to his feelings about God. Meanwhile, after graduation, he recalls writing 60 letters to TV and radio stations seeking work. READ NOW: Alison Hammond breaks silence on Dermot O'Leary ‘b***h’ comment However it was a firm "no" from some due to his steadfast refusal to be available on the Sabbath day. "When I said I don’t work on Sundays I’d get laughed out of interviews," he admitted. "And when I did get jobs, some people resented me because they couldn’t work me out. "They’d think, ‘How did you get that being like you are?’"  For example, Dan landed a presenting role on Football Focus despite criticising the structure of the game, insisting that playing football on Sundays was "going against God’s plan". Dan had become a stickler for following religious rules early on in life, after attending a sermon as a 12-year-old. The BBC star, whose father Austin and brother Jeremy are both pastors, found himself lying awake at night in tears afterwards, fretting over "the prospect of Hell". "I was aware of making mistakes and that my relationship with Jesus wasn’t right," he explained intensely in an interview with The Times. Mickey Rooney Jr dead: Son of Hollywood icon and Mouseketeer dies [BREAKING] Golfer Paige Spiranac stuns fans in sexy sheer outfit [PHOTOS] Prince Harry's Nelson Mandela speech questioned by Piers Morgan [DEBATE]  He spoke to his parents through the early hours of the morning about his concerns and by the time day broke, he considered himself a devout Christian. Now he believes that "God has given me the words to say in awkward situations" and that he never gets nervous during broadcasts. However he has declined to comment on whether his pastor father is right to have publicly speculated that Covid could be "a judgment from God".  One thing he has spoken about is his belief that his progression in the industry was God's will. Dan received some criticism over speculation that he had left his BBC role due to the promise of a higher payment at Channel 5, but he has fiercely denied ever being motivated by money. At his BBC leaving do, he told the crowd: "As you know, I don’t swear, but today I’m going to drop some f-bombs. "I’m motivated by three f’s – family, friends and faith. I’m not interested in fame, fortune or froth." Express.co.uk has approached the BBC for cmment. 