Eamonn Holmes and his co-host Isabel Webster invited former Chief Secretary to the Treasury, David Mellor, onto Wednesday's instalment of GB News. During his appearance, he told viewers he believed Meghan Markle might have her sights set on becoming the next US President. But Eamonn took a swipe at the Duchess of Sussex's political ambitions. Eamonn said: "The scariest thing about this is you said Meghan has serious political ambitions, and if so at what level?" David replied: "I do, I think she believes her own propaganda and I think she would like to have a run for president - she's said that." However, Eamonn remarked: "Well, we'll find out how good an actress she really is then, won't we?" READ MORE: Amanda Owen shares surprise over Clive’s unusual present Earlier on in the interview, David told GB News viewers Prince Harry is reportedly still planning on writing a tell-all memoir about his life. He exclaimed: "Harry is an unstable character, kind of like an explosive who could go off in the heat." Isabel interjected to tell the politician she agreed and likened him to a "grenade". David continued: "The question therefore is, what are the royals going to do about it?"  Speculation has been mounting Meghan could run for US President in the future. She recently joined forces with journalist Gloria Steinem to get the Equal Rights Amendment ratified. The Duchess has also insisted she would march in Washington DC against the Roe v Wade abortion ruling. Her husband has also been making waves as a political activist recently by appearing in an advert to promote sustainable transport methods. DON'T MISS...Meghan and Harry's US stay questioned as Duke speech sparks fury [LATEST]US backlash erupts over Prince Harry's ‘insipid' UN lecture  [REACTION]Archie 'loves' a Disney TV show - but George's favourite is a classic [INSIGHT] The Duke and Duchess of Sussex arrived together at the United Nations headquarters in New York earlier this week, where Harry marked International Nelson Mandela Day with an impassioned speech. He mentioned his late mother Lady Diana in the speech, adding: "On my wall, and in my heart, every day is an image of my mother and Mandela meeting in Cape Town in 1997. "The photo was presented to me by the late Archbishop Desmond Tutu, whose friendship and inspiration were their own treasured gift. "My wife and I had the honour of introducing our four-month-old son to him back in 2019."  Last week, former Suits actress Meghan hinted she wanted to get more involved in law-making. She told Vogue it was important for everyone to "get out" and vote. Meghan added to journalist Gloria: “Well, Gloria, it seems as though you and I will be taking a trip to DC together soon.” GB News airs on weekdays on Freeview 236, Sky HD 515, Virgin Media HD 626, and YouView 236. 