An increasing number of Russian civilians have been joining the ranks of Ukrainian soldiers against their own compatriots to defend Ukraine. A widow is the latest publicly person to have publicly done so after her husband, a Russian soldier was executed by Chechen forces after he refused to lead his troops into battle in Ukraine. She is now part of the Freedom of Russia legion – a militia comprised mostly of Russians and Belarusians who have turned against Russia amid Vladimir Putin’s invasion of Ukraine. In a video shared by the Freedom of Russian legion, the window, whose face was covered with a mask to conceal her identity, called on Russian soldiers to switch sides and target Vladimir Putin for the sake of a free Russia. She implored: "The Putin regime must be overthrown. "Stop tolerating a tyrant! "Join us in the Legion!" she implored her fellow countrymen in an effort to gather support in the ranks of defectors. "Our cause is right! "Putin will be destroyed! "Victory will be ours! For Russia! For freedom! The widow is seen sitting at a desk with a blue and white flag in the backdrop – now symbolic of the anti-Putin movement. In a direct call to Russian soldiers, she said: “Appeal of the First to the soldiers of the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation. READ MORE:Civilians FLEE as Russian strike hits market in eastern Ukraine "We all need to stop the war together and bring Real Freedom to Russia," she continued. "You are expected at home, and you must return home victorious. "It is possible to win only by fighting for the truth, which is on the side of Free Russia and the whole world." It is unclear how many defectors have joined the ranks of the Freedom for Russia legion. The unidentified woman told The Times she left Russia for Ukraine in Lay after her husband was shot by soldiers loyal to the Chechen leader and Putin ally Ramzan Kadyrov. DON'T MISS:Ukraine fury as EU hands Putin ‘gift’: 'He's rubbing hands with glee!' [REPORT]Ukrainian hero drone pilot reveals all [VIDEO]Ukraine LIVE: 'The end of mankind' Putin flexes nuclear weapons [LIVE] The vice-president of the Legion Igor Volobuev, a former distinguished member of Gazprom – Russia’s third-largest bank – defected as well after reportedly being shocked by Putin’s decision to invade Ukraine. Mr Volobuev has been trying to enrol more soldiers from Russia in a call to arms in June. "Guys from Russia – if you hate Putin's regime and want Russia to become a free, democratic country, join us," Mr Volobuev declared. "I came here to defend my motherland." READ NEXT:Outrage as Putin's mouthpiece Lavrov arrives at G20 Shock as Russia warns 'humanity threatened' if West punishes Putin Russia slams Macron for airing private Putin callDeranged Putin stages nuclear drills with HUGE missilesUkraine war: Allies pegged to form 'United Nations army'