Heatwave 2022 has caused several unconformable days last week when the UK experienced its most intense temperatures since records began. While the mercury has descended over the last few days, the weather remains unforgiving, and the UK teeters on the precipice of a drought. A lack of rain in England could lead Government task forces to order the first hosepipe bans of 2022 today. Réservoir levels across the UK have plummeted during the hot weather, giving Britons a limited water supply. Scarce water means the country risks entering a full-blown drought in August, creating a critical situation. There are no active hosepipe bans at present, but some water companies have asked customers to restrict water use while demand remains high. READ MORE: EU embarrassment as bloc proves unprepared for scorching heatwave The situation could soon change, however, as experts may call on the Government to take action today. Ministers may need to protect British water supplies, specifically in England, in the weeks to come. The National Drought Group will meet today and decide how to tackle the looming crisis, which could cause countrywide crop failure. The Government group includes departments and affected organisations tasked with finding a water supply protection strategy. The group may decide to lay down water restrictions but will likely target farmers first. Sun baking the soil has led farmers to step up irrigation, using more water from British waterways. The Guardian reported that farmers could face crop watering bans during August and September when many vegetables require additional attention. The combination of dehydration and dry soil may leave many farmers with unviable harvests. A hosepipe ban is not on the cards yet, but the Environment Agency has said dedicated teams are helping organisations manage water levels. The agency said its staff are "monitoring river levels and responding to environmental incidents" while "working with water companies to manage water resources". If necessary, a spokesman added, the organisation would help those companies "take precautionary actions" to meet customers' needs. The Environment is already receiving requests from some water companies as drought warnings intensify. Southern Water is among those that have made a drought permit request after having asked customers to limit their usage. The company's network in a "water-stressed" area may mean people must follow a hosepipe ban. And Thames Water representatives have warned restrictions may become necessary if the UK doesn't receive the rainfall it needs in the next few months. The country rarely experiences droughts, the last two being in 2011 and 2018, and it's most severe was a level three during the famed heatwave of 1976.