Macy Gray, 54, appeared on Piers Morgan Uncensored on Monday evening and unleashed her opinion on transgender women in sport. Since Macy's interview, the singer has received countless hate messages, leading her to share her apology online, however, Macy has now taken to Twitter to hit out at her critics. Macy upset many fans on Monday when she was asked by the former Good Morning Britain presenter to describe what a woman is. She replied: "I’d say a human being with boobs. "You have to start there. And a vagina! That’s getting confusing." Macy also told the TalkTV host that "just because you change your [body] parts, doesn’t make you a woman, sorry". READ MORE: Christian Horner admits 'problem' at home with Geri Halliwell Macy has since publicly apologised for her actions, however, the award-winning singer has now hit out at the constant criticism. With angst, Macy took to Twitter to unleash her opinion on the matter to her 92,200 followers. She said: "All of you coming on my page, threatening me and calling me names - just becuz i said something you don't agree with - be whatever you wanna be, and fk off." (sic) Many social media users rushed to the comments to share their opinion on the matter. Toolbox1342 said: "This is such a big part of the problem, certainly when it comes to having conversations around the trans community. "If you even slightly disagree or have another opinion on a matter you get labeled transphobic and hateful, if you have an audience you get bullied as well." Victoriadivine1 added: "Some people are wiser when they keep their mouths shut. "Especially when talking about a very disadvantaged group in society." DON'T MISS... Michael Parkinson enjoys rare public appearance with wife at Wimbledon [PICS] Anita Dobson reacts to critics after flashing legs distracts viewers [COMMENT] Jennifer Lopez showcases sizzling bikini snaps for JLo brand [INSTAGRAM] Brandswinney commented: "You don't deserve threats. But there are consequences to having a spotlight, a platform, and spewing hateful rhetoric. "You wouldn't want it done to you, so why do it to a whole group of human beings." It comes after Macy set the record straight following her explosive interview on TalkTV. She penned: "i got nothing but love for lgbt+ and transgender communities. "i’ve been a supporter since day one and never a fake one. "my statement on piers morgan was GROSSLY misunderstood. "i respect everyone’s right to be whoever they wanna be." (sic) Macy performed at Mighty Hoopla festival last month, with the comments leading the festival to release a statement on the matter. They expressed how "extremely disappointed" they were in the singer and how they "do not agree" with Macy's latest interview.