Meghan Markle and her husband Prince Harry are set to make their first joint public appearance since the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee last month. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex — who kept a low profile during the nationwide celebrations — are heading to New York from their home in Montecito, California for a very special occasion. Harry will deliver a speech to the United Nations during the informal gathering of the UN General Assembly next Monday, which is also Nelson Mandela Day. The duo are said to have been keen to honour Mr Mandela since visiting his widow Graça Machel in 2019 during their visit to South Africa. Harry, 37, and Meghan, 40, previously attended the UN General Assembly in September 2021, but they did not take part in the speeches. The confirmation of the Prince’s keynote address comes after Meghan positioned herself closer to the political arena, as she voiced her concerns over the US Supreme Court's decision to overturn the 1973 Roe v Wade ruling. During a conversation with feminist Gloria Steinhem for Vogue magazine, the Duchess urged people who are scared about the ripple effect of the Supreme Court's decision to "channel that fear into action" and head to the ballot in November, when Americans will cast their votes in the midterms elections. READ MORE: Oprah Winfrey's wise 6-word warning to Harry and Meghan as Sussexes tear into Royal Family The interview suggests that Meghan’s interests “lie well away” from the Royal Family, according to Professor Pauline Maclaran, who claimed that it is “very unlikely” that the Sussexes would ever return to the Firm, particularly if the Duchess continues to strive for political success. The author and Professor of Marketing and Consumer Research at Royal Holloway University told Express.co.uk: “There were rumours that they [Harry and Meghan] might have a sort of part-time role to play, or that they might link back [to the Royal Family]. “But I feel as though Meghan is making it pretty clear that she’s interested in the political activism side. Her latest interview for example, with Vogue Magazine in tandem with Gloria Steinhem, on the recent ruling on abortion.“So I think that Harry and Meghan’s interests — well certainly Meghan’s interests — lie well away from the Royal Family, so I can’t see them coming back any time soon.” Prof. Maclaran, who co-wrote 'Royal Fever: The British Monarchy in Consumer Culture', continued: “It is very unlikely that they will ever return if Meghan is going to get more involved in political activities and lobbying, and there’s always rumours that she’s interested in even standing as a candidate at some stage.“So all of that seems to me that the interests of Harry and Meghan are really quite removed from the Royal Family, so it’s beginning to look less likely that they could have a role.” The Duchess has been tipped by various commentators and royal watchers to be interested in a more active role in US politics since she and Harry stepped down from their positions as senior royals in 2020. While Meghan remained politically neutral during her time as a working royal, following her and Harry’s shock exit, she voiced her view on the importance to vote ahead of the US presidential elections that saw Joe Biden draw a close to Donald Trump’s presidency. DON'T MISS:New Archie pictures lay bare 'significant' difference between Charlotte, George and Louis [INSIGHT]How Kate and William SNUBBED by Meghan Markle's friend Priyanka Chopra during Wimbledon [LATEST]Meghan and Kate's Wimbledon appearance showed 'seriously fractured' relationship [ANALYSIS] She later joined forces with Ms Steinhem to cold call Americans and urge them to cast their ballot. In autumn last year, it emerged the Duchess had cold called Republican senators using her royal title to advocate for another cause close to her heart — paid family leave. Meghan discussed this move during the New York Times' DealBook Summit last November, and acknowledged there is a "precedent" among the Royal Family of "not having any involvement in politics". However, Meghan said her campaigning on the issue of paid parental leave is "just a humanitarian issue" rather than a political one. The Duchess has never addressed speculation of her political ambitions, but the likelihood of the former Hollywood actress running for office has been discussed widely over the past few months. In May, Valerie Biden Owens, the younger sister of President Biden, suggested President Markle might not be such a far-fetched prospect. Speaking to Good Morning Britain, Ms Owens claimed that “of course” the Duchess would be an appropriate candidate for President. She said: “It's wonderful to have women in politics. “The more women we have the better our democratic system will work. We welcome her to come in and join the Democratic Party.” A seasoned political operator who played a key role in her brother's successful 2020 presidential campaign, Ms Owens' comments are likely to be well considered. Alexander Larman, journalist and author of ‘The Crown In Crisis: Countdown to the Abdication’, claimed the interview could be seen as a “formal overture” to Meghan into the political sphere. Writing for The Spectator in May, he said: “It isn't an exaggeration to say that this interview might be seen as a formal overture to Meghan from the Democratic Party establishment.”