Faye (played by Ellie Leach) and her partner Craig Tinker (Colson Smith) were delighted earlier this year on Coronation Street when they thought they were going to become parents. Unfortunately, the storyline took a very dark turn when it was revealed the young woman was actually going through menopause, despite being years off the average age for the process. Although she has tried to put a brave face on, the cracks will start to show in upcoming scenes on the ITV soap. The drama begins next week as it seems Faye is considering other treatment options to help her relieve her menopausal symptoms. With Craig busy at the police station, it seems the young woman will turn to her stepmother, Sally Metcalfe (Sally Dynevor) for advice. Offering her take on the matter, Sally suggests her stepdaughter considers HRT (Hormone Replacement Therapy) as a way of treating it. It's fair to say the youngster isn't too keen as she is worried about the effects it will make on her body and whether she will get other symptoms from going through this process. HRT is a very common treatment method for women who are going through the menopause as it replaces the hormones the body is no longer producing. READ MORE: All Creatures Great and Small's Nicholas Ralph tribute to co-star This reluctance to explore this avenue could give her an idea as to how she could get treatment but be less worried about it. Looking up online the different treatment methods abroad, she could decide to fly out to America to see what doctors out there could do. Not wanting to go through the process alone, Craig could agree to go with her as he takes a sabbatical from work to go with her. Of course, this means there would be the possibility the pair could return after their double exit but they could be gone for a few months. It's been more than 10 years since the character of Faye was introduced so this health twist could see her make an exit for good. As she responds well to the treatment in America, Faye might tell Craig she doesn't want to go back and that they should make a life for themselves away from the cobbles. Although he is doing well on the force, Craig could agree and he could look into getting a job as a police officer stateside. With such a huge change in their life, they could remain off-screen as they decide they don't want to be reminded of their past in Weatherfield. Faye has already faced the possibility of an exit twice over the past two years, once after attacking Adam Barlow (Sam Robertson) and once after killing a pensioner by hitting him with her car. Unfortunately, this could be the way she leaves her family on the cobbles as she decides she needs to break away from the place where her ghosts linger around every corner. DON'T MISS...Alan Halsall: How the soap star dealt with extreme hair loss [COMMENT]Corrie’s Jack P. Shepherd suffers nightmare public transport journey [COMMENT]Corrie's Tony Maudsley in narrow escape as tree comes 'crashing down' [COMMENT] The actress who plays Faye, Ellie, has discussed the prospect of her character's future on the show before, in light of her going to prison for wrongly attacking Adam. Ellie explained: "It is crazy to think it is 10 years. It has gone so fast but I also feel like I have been there my whole life. "For what time I can remember, Corrie has been my life. As a child, you just can’t believe it. You don’t really know at that age what is happening. Really surreal. "I definitely didn’t imagine I would still be here 10 years later. I am the type who doesn’t like to think too far into the future. "I hope I am there forever," she continued to explain in an interview with The Mirror. The actor who plays Craig, Colson, has also opened up about whether he would ever leave the show to venture down a different career path. Colson said ahead of his appearance in celebrity game shows, The Games, there could be other opportunities on the horizon. Speaking on the Sofa Cinema Club podcast, he explained: "It's [The Games] going to open up new doors for me and new opportunities. "I love acting but the other thing I love is presenting. The podcast allows me to do both, and this show [The Games] might open up a door for me. "When ITV buys the rights for the Olympics I'll be, 'Hello and welcome to the Olympics, it's me, previous Olympian, Colson Smith.'" "As long as I'm safe and I'm enjoying it. Corrie is my job, this is another job," the soap star continued to explain. "I'm happy to balance the both of them, I like being busy. That's all I want to be. "We all love working at Corrie and I'm fortunate enough to have Corrie, the podcast and The Games on at the same time." So could the stories for both Faye and Craig be coming to their end very soon or is there a lot more drama on the horizon for the couple? Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.