Temperatures across the UK are soaring, and for most people without air conditioning, cooking in a hot kitchen in the summer can be unpleasant. The humidity from boiling kettles, heating water, having the oven on and frying foods can put many people off attempting to cook during a heatwave. With the heatwave set to continue, kitchen retailer, Magnet has reported that there has been a whopping 271 percent increase in Google searches for “how to keep kitchens cool in summer” over the past three months. With this in mind, the kitchen experts from Magnet have shared a clever trick to create a DIY cooling machine. For the majority of people without air conditioning, this DIY trick might be the answer - and can be set up in less than 10 minutes. Fan (box or standing) Large bowl (metal or glass works best) Ice cubes Towel Table or boxy platform of some sort Homeowners will need a lot of ice for this, so it’s best to prepare. READ MORE: Boris Johnson: Where he may live with Carrie and children The method requires a medium to large-sized bowl of ice. Making ice cubes at home is the cheaper option, but this can take time. Alternatively, homeowners can buy ice from the supermarket. A metal or glass bowl works best for ice since these materials get much colder than a plastic bowl. DON'T MISSCommon house features that devalue your home by 20% - ‘quick to amend’ [INSIGHT]Homes Under The Hammer buyer increases house price by £63k - pictures [UPDATE]Pests: ‘Simple steps’ to ‘deter’ wasps away from your home [ANALYSIS] For those without the means to obtain ice cubes, you can use frozen items like bags of vegetables. If the fan isn’t a tabletop version, use a box, table or other tall platform in front of the fan to raise the bowl of ice to the height of the fan blades. Put a towel over the table to protect from any condensation or leaks, then set the bowl of ice on top. Put the fan on the highest setting for the best results. The melting ice with the air stream from the fan will create a cool, icy breeze. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea This should make kitchens more comfortable to cook in, but can of course be used in other rooms. Another way to keep kitchens cool is to minimise any oven use. Stovetops, especially gas ones, will emit added heat. In the summer, it’s best to use smaller appliances which will emit less heat and also use less energy. An integrated microwave, toaster oven, air fryer or panini press might be a better alternative. Opening the windows might seem like a great idea, but it can make rooms warmer - especially kitchens.  Kitchens will feel hotter if it’s warmer outside than it is inside. Open windows early in the morning when it’s usually hotter inside that it is outside. Hot air from the day before is usually trapped in the house while temperatures outdoors have dropped overnight. Open windows in the morning to allow cool, fresh air to enter the home. Later in the day, close the windows to keep hot air out.