The society claims its new ISA currently pays the top rate for an 18 month fix on the market. It’s also available to savers of any profession, not just teachers. Teachers Building Society (TBS) has launched a new fixed rate cash ISA for Britons who want to benefit from tax free savings. The new fixed rate cash ISA means savers can now choose to ‘fix’ their savings for three different terms, as the society is already offering a one and two year fixed rate cash ISA account. The two year fixed rate pays 2.35 percent interest while the one year fixed rate ISA pays 1.60 percent interest. David Leek, commercial director at Teachers Building Society, said savers have had a tough time of it lately. READ MORE: Big change to National Insurance means millions will earn more in July He said: “Our new 18 month fixed rate cash ISA provides a tax-free, top of market interest rate for savers looking for a secure home for their money before the end of the current tax-year. “Whilst borrowers have benefitted from a period of low interest rates, savers have had a harder time so it's little surprise that our fixed rate cash ISAs have proved to be very popular in recent weeks. “We’re pleased to now be able to offer even more choice with one year, 18 month and two year ISA options. “Those who choose Teachers Building Society can also benefit from an additional ‘feel-good factor’, knowing that by saving with us, they are directly supporting our mission to help more teachers buy their first homes.” DON'T MISS:TSB increases interest rates to 2.5% [UPDATE]Dave Ramsey explains how pensioner with £30k can get by in retirement [INSIGHT]State pension age change sees Britons lose £142 per week [ALERT]How much are disability payments and what health conditions qualify? [UPDATE] TBS 18 month 2.15 percent tax free fixed rate cash ISA highlights: READ MORE: PIP claimants may receive up to £2,000 in Cost of Living support The UK economy rebounded in May after shrinking in April and March, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS). Money Saving Expert founder Martin Lewis recently reminded everyone with a savings account to check how much interest they are making on it. Anyone who is receiving less than 1.5 percent should shop around to see if they can get more. Britons can also make extra money by switching their current account.   The current top five bank accounts for switching offers are: