The Duke and Duchess of Sussex were accused of wanting more prominent seats at the Platinum Jubilee in June. Author Tom Bower made the claims in his explosive new book Revenge, who also said the pair were forced to back down on the Queen’s orders. But a royal expert has debunked these claims, tweeting: “What nonsense”.  Marlene Koenig added: “M&H were always going to be in a car. The schedule had them arriving in a car. B&E also arrived in a car, not on the bus. Awkward moment Meghan tried to get better Jubilee seat but Queen said no- author”. Meghan and Harry made a public appearance at St Paul’s Cathedral, arriving alongside other non-working royals like Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie. The royal couple walked down the long nave of the cathedral to take their seats. Meghan and Harry were sat next to Eugenie and her husband Jack Brooksbank, with Beatrice and Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi having to stand up to let them take their seats.   Their seats were set far back from Prince Charles and Camilla and Prince William and Kate. Tom Bower claimed Meghan and Harry were not happy with their allocated seats and tried to sit closer to the more senior members of the family. Speaking on an upcoming episode of the Mirror's Pod Save the Queen podcast, Mr Bower claimed: "I was told, unfortunately too late for the book, they were meant to turn up at Wellington Barracks to get on the coach which was set up for the minor royals to go to St Paul's for the Jubilee service. "They arrived deliberately late so the bus had gone and they could make a grand entrance from a car so they could be seen on the steps, which Netflix obviously needed.  READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Fears of 'dual attack' waiting for monarchy  "And then as they walked down the aisle, they get to the seats in the row they are assigned and I'm told they then asked six other people sitting this side of the aisle could they move down so they could sit on the aisle itself. "And the usher apparently said to them 'you can't, you're sitting in seats eight or nine' or whatever it was and Harry said 'why?' "And the usher said 'that's what your grandmother ordered'. I'm told that from a military man." The Sussexes decided to skip the lunch that followed and were not seen at the Party at the Palace or the Jubilee Pageant.  DON'T MISS:Kate's unused royal title the Duchess was given after her wedding [INSIGHT]M25 traffic delays after multi-vehicle crash - lane closures [PICTURES]London hit with electricity shortage as capital 'running out' [COMMENT] Royal editor of Vanity Fair, Katie Nicholl, told how she believes Harry and Meghan decided not to be more visible in the Jubilee celebrations because they knew they wouldn’t be in the front row - especially at the Jubilee Pageant. She previously told True Royalty TV's The Royal Beat show: “I honestly think it’s [because].... they knew that they wouldn’t be in that front row. And why did they leave the Royal Family? "They left because they weren’t in the front row. I believe that’s why they weren't at the other celebrations as they did not have centre stage seats.” 