Novak Djokovic has been tipped to win another four or five Grand Slams before calling time on his illustrious career. And if the Serbian does manage to keep the major trophies coming, it could leave legendary duo Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal way behind him in the all-time Grand Slam title standings. Djokovic was in scintillating form earlier this month as he landed a seventh Wimbledon title by defeating Nick Kyrgios in the showpiece event at the All England Club. The 35-year-old looked comfortable throughout the tournament but had to overcome a two-set deficit to defeat Jannik Sinner in the quarter-finals. And the final victory took his Grand Slam tally to 21 - one behind Nadal and one ahead of Federer. Djokovic is the youngest of the trio and is still producing some of the best tennis of his career, while his two rivals have struggled with injuries in recent years. And tennis reporter Leif Shiras believes Djokovic has plenty more left in the tank. “I think Novak Djokovic in his current form, his physical health, he has got you know four or five more majors in him where he could get to 26 or 27,” Shiras said during an interview with Kamau Murray on the Tennis.com podcast. JUST IN: Novak Djokovic's coach reflects on 's****y year' despite Wimbledon win  “He is 35 years old and he continues to set this amazing standard of physicality. And you know he goes down a set to these young challengers - two sets in fact to Sinner - and you feel like it just doesn't bother him. He just finds another gear in his head in his legs and in his heart.” Nadal has won two Grand Slams this year but pulled out of his Wimbledon semi-final against Kyrgios with an abdominal tear. And he’s also struggling with a chronic foot problem. Federer, meanwhile hasn’t played a competitive match since last year’s Wimbledon because of a knee injury. So the duo could find it difficult to get their hands on any more Grand Slam trophies. DON'T MISSCalls for BBC Wimbledon presenter Sue Barker to be knighted growRussell aiming to copy Federer, Nadal and Djokovic to beat HamiltonRaducanu schedule as Brit looks to build form ahead of US Open defence    Djokovic has won four of the last seven Grand Slams, but was forced to miss the Australian Open at the start of the year as he hasn’t been vaccinated against COVID-19. He had touched down in Melbourne to defend the title he won last year but was deported from Australia following a court battle to remain there. The veteran is now facing another fight just to play at the US Open, which is due to get underway at the end of next month. People travelling to the United States must submit proof they’ve been vaccinated in order to enter the country. So unless the rules are relaxed for Djokovic, he will be forced to watch on from afar. If Djokovic isn’t allowed into the USA, he could well have to wait until next year’s French Open for his next opportunity to win a Grand Slam as he is currently banned from Australia for three years following his deportation. 