Barcelona star Frenkie de Jong is ‘genuinely excited’ about moving to Manchester United and playing under Erik ten Hag again, it has been claimed. An agreement between the Red Devils and their La Liga counterparts has been reached. And, now, the fallen Premier League giants will try to agree personal terms with the 25-year-old as they look to get him in the door. Manchester United have spent the bulk of the summer chasing De Jong. It became apparent early on that he’d be Ten Hag’s top transfer target, especially given the recent departures of Paul Pogba and Nemanja Matic. Today, United have finally agreed a fee with Barcelona for the 25-year-old - with the Red Devils prepared to pay an initial £63million to secure his signature. And journalist Dean Jones, speaking to GiveMeSport, has claimed De Jong is ‘genuinely excited’ about his potential move to Old Trafford. “Frenkie [de Jong] obviously hasn’t been dreaming about this move but in fairness, from what I hear, it does seem like he’s genuinely excited to play for Ten Hag,” he said. Man Utd transfers: The mouthwatering XI to tackle Brighton with 5 new signings “The role he will be given in this team will suit him perfectly, and United will improve hugely as a result. “This is a big signing, and one fans should be very excited about.” Jones’ comments contrast to those in the Catalan media. It was claimed earlier in the week that the midfielder was reluctant to leave Barcelona, both the city and the club. But with Barcelona trying to force De Jong out of the exit door, it seems only a matter of time before he’s strutting his stuff in the Premier League. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Man Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leave Man Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong United do have alternatives should their pursuit of the 25-year-old end up failing at this late stage, however. They’ve long admired Ruben Neves, though Wolves have regularly insisted interested suitors will have to pay £100m to land their prized asset. That’s a similar case with Declan Rice, with West Ham flatly refusing to let the England international go. And United are also interested in Youri Tielemans, though it’s been reported the Leicester star would rather join Arsenal instead. United have faced criticism for their lengthy pursuit of De Jong and for not stumping up the cash quicker. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. But former Red Devils star Lee Sharpe recently praised the way they’ve gone about getting a deal done, saying: "I think the manager will have a really good relationship with him. "It's a little bit of paperwork and Manchester United are going about it pretty professionally. "It's a shame that it's taking so long. But I think if the manager really wants him, and that's his No 1 target, they have to be patient and try to get it across the line as soon as they can." He then added: "What a player. A marquee player. "I think he's Erik ten Hag's No 1, on his list. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “If they can get him across the line, fingers crossed they can, I think he would be an amazing signing." De Jong isn’t the only player United are targeting. They want to land Lisandro Martinez, who has posed for a picture with his chef ahead of his move to Old Trafford. United remain confident of winning the race for Christian Eriksen, too, who is a free agent after his Brentford contract expired. And they’re pushing to sign Antony, too, though Ajax are determined to avoid seeing another key player jump ship.