The Met Office has forecast temperatures to rise as high as 40C next week, with amber and red weather warnings already in place to alert Britons of the risks this might pose. Keeping cool remains a top priority for Britons, and this extends to car travel. A stiflingly hot car can be a largely uncomfortable experience so for ways to make driving more bearable and safe, here are seven tips to cool down your vehicle. From scalding seatbelt buckles to searing seats, the interior of your car can often feel much hotter than it is outside. This can be attributed to something similar to the ‘greenhouse effect’, which typically refers to the way the Earth’s atmosphere traps heat - providing little opportunity to filter the air back out. When heat from the sun enters through the windows of a car, the heat gets trapped inside and quite quickly raises the temperature. Previous studies from Stanford University revealed on a sunny day with temperatures ranging between the 22C to 35C mark, the cars they tested were approximately 8C higher than the temperature outdoors. So, with temperatures predicted to reach highs of 40C, a car interior exceeding this isn’t really what you want.  READ MORE: Heatwave warning: Take these 8 steps to prepare for the extreme heat  Here are seven tips to keep your car cooler during a heatwave. A good method to prep your car to combat the heat is to put up a reflective shield on your windscreen. You can pick them up relatively cheap from most automotive outlets, but this sheet can work wonders for keeping the heat out of your car. The windscreen is probably the largest entryway for heat, so blocking this area and redirecting the rays is a good first step to keeping your car cooler. When you get in the car, RAC suggested releasing the hot air in your car by opening both of the windows on one side and ‘fanning’ the interior by swinging the door on the opposite side.  It recommended repeating this motion at least three times to expel the hot air. When you start driving, keep the windows open for a minute or two to allow more warm air to filter out. You’ll know when this has been successful when the air from the aircon vents feel cooler than the outside temperature.Close the windows and switch to recirculated air When the aircon starts blowing cold air, close the windows and switch the option to recirculated air if you can. This way, the aircon will only push the cooler air already inside the car around the cabin instead of dragging in more warm air from outside.  DON'T MISS: Europe heatwave warning: Scorching 40C blast to spark chaos [INSIGHT]Heatwave advice: The Royal Navy's important body cooling tip revealed [EXPLAINED]How hot will it be this weekend? Heat blast to return - deadly warning [ANALYSIS]    It can be tempting to direct the aircon vents straight at your face after enduring extreme outside temperatures, however, this method won’t work as effectively in keeping the car cool. To evenly distribute the airflow, it’s better to angle the vents upwards to allow the air to spread around the car. Another trick to cool down the air inside the car is to take an iced cloth and place it very loosely over the vents to make the air cooler as you drive.  Taking a cold, damp cloth to the steering wheel is also a good way to keep the contact temperature low. This one is obvious, but a shady parking spot is one of the best means to prevent a stifling car. Try to park in the shade and try to drive during the coldest parts of the day if you can. It’s also worth pre-planning your parking spot effectively, as a shady spot at one point in time could later become the spot in full sunlight.  If you have a car with leather seats, additional heat can make this experience particularly uncomfortable. To keep the seats cool, place a blanket or something of similar description over the top when the car is parked. The seats won’t absorb as much heat this way and it’ll be much more bearable sitting down in the car. 