Arsenal included sell-on clauses in the exits of Matteo Guendouzi and Omari Hutchinson, according to reports. Hutchinson's departure in particular was a surprise to many but the Gunners will receive a percentage of any future move for both players. Guendouzi hadn't played a match for Arsenal since the first game after Project Restart in the summer of 2020. He fell out with manager Mikel Arteta and spent the next two seasons on loan at Hertha Berlin and Marseille. Marseille had an obligation to buy the midfielder if certain conditions were met last term. Those conditions were fulfilled and the French club signed Guendouzi for a fee of under £10million. Guendouzi's performances in Ligue 1 earned him a first call-up and debut for the senior France side. That makes the fee Arsenal received look insignificant for a French international but The Athletic claims the Gunners did insert a sell-on clause. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd's De Jong belief, Ronaldo talks, Arsenal concern  Meanwhile, Hutchinson shone in Arsenal's under-18 and under-23 sides in recent seasons. The teenager did not make a first-team appearance for the Gunners but was an unused substitute on a number of occasions last season. Chelsea completed the signing of Hutchinson earlier this month. But if it does not work out at Stamford Bridge, Arsenal will receive a percentage of his next transfer fee. Konstantinos Mavaropanos is another player who has left the Gunners on a permanent basis, joining Stuttgart after spending two years on loan with the German club. Football.london claimed last December that a 10 per cent sell-on clause was included in that deal. Hutchinson joined Arsenal at under-12 level and spent seven years on the books of the club. He posted a farewell message to the club's supporters on Instagram after his departure was announced.  Hutchinson wrote: "Dear fans, it’s time to say goodbye. My experience with Arsenal has been a fantastic and memorable one. "I will always remember my time here and the beautiful journey it has taken me on. This will be one to remember and never to forget. "Arsenal made me feel most welcomed and respected, so huge thank you to all the staff and coaches and my team-mates – it’s been a real pleasure. Lastly, a colossal thank you to all the Arsenal fans who have supported and shown me love. "Words cannot describe how I value, respect and love you all!" 