Kat, full name Kathleen Ashmore, dubbed the video "cheese storage 101". The professionally trained private chef, blogger and mum of two, showed exactly how Britons could prologue the lifespan of their cheese. It involves avoiding one very common mistake. Kat, who describes herself as "that mum friend you ask for healthy recipes", has 1.9 million followers on TikTok under the username KatCanCook. She urged Britons to stop keeping their cheese in the wrapper it comes in. The food expert said: "I beg of you, please stop keeping your cheese in the plastic from the grocery store. "It's going to get mouldy and you're wasting your money. "Once you cut into it the first time, take it out of the plastic." READ MORE: Stop bread going mouldy with simple food storage hack - no freezing Instead of keeping the cheese in the bag, it comes in, Britons should use a certain kind of wrapping, "cheese paper". Kay said: "This is the cheese paper that is used, but if you can't get your hands on some you can even just use a wax bag or a piece of parchment paper or put it in a paper bag. "Cheese paper is really just wax paper on one side and parchment on the other." The foodie explained exactly why this is so good for cheese. DON'T MISSCorrect way to store potatoes could help prevent cancer [HOW TO] 'Make them last longer!' Fresh strawberries hack [EXPERT] Still buying pre-cooked rice packets? How to cook perfect rice [GUIDE] "The big thing is that you want it to be able to breathe because cheese tends to have a high moisture content," she explained. "If it can't breathe then the moisture gets trapped and that's a breeding ground for bacteria and mould. "So, just wrap it up like a nice little gift and you will find it lasts three to four times longer in the fridge than if you left it in plastic." It is good to be careful because eating off cheese could be bad for you. The answer to this question depends on the cheese in question. However, there are general rules. Soft cheese generally lasts seven days in the fridge at a minimum. Hard cheese can last for three to four weeks. You can, in some cases, eat cheese that has been growing mould. Hard cheese can be eaten even if they have begun to go mouldy. Simply cut the mould off and enjoy the rest of the cheese. Soft cheese, grated cheese and sliced cheese should all be thrown away if they have started to go mouldy. From one grocery list staple to another, another hack has been shared to stop bread going mouldy without freezing it. The kitchen expert, who goes by The Board Housewife, advised: "Keep buns of bread from moulding by adding a fresh celery stick in the bag." It is thought that the bread absorbs moisture from the celery, which stops it from drying out. Bread is an inviting place for mould to grow. It is caused by a mould spore landing on your bread.