James May appeared on Thursday’s instalment of the Lorraine show to speak about his upcoming Amazon Prime Video series. Although he told Carol Vorderman, who’s currently filling in, that there are many events the production crew make him take part in that he doesn't like. Following on from his 2020 show James May: Our Man in Japan, the 59-year-old will now be jetting off to Italy for a new six-part series. During his travels, he’ll be trying to make sense of the Italian lifestyle as he explores what the country has to offer. Viewers will see the presenter go to almost every region from the Sicilian capital of Palermo to the Dolomites. Although he’ll be finding out more about the food and culture, there are other activities that James gets involved with that he’s not so pleased about.   Appearing on Thursday morning’s instalment of the Lorraine show, James spoke more about Our Man in Italy ahead of it airing on Friday. He said: “I like to do anything that’s sort of artistic, creative and food and wine obviously and that’s what I’m allowed to do. “But in return, the producers, directors and researchers make me do things that I definitely don’t want to do.” James told Carol that they once made him play canoe polo which he admitted to being hopeless at playing.   Calling the experience “awful”, Carol tried to get a positive out of the story and asked if he enjoyed getting involved. To which he replied: “No, I hated it!” Viewers learnt that there were certain things he would have liked to do during his three months there such as looking at mosaics and making things out of wood. James added: “They [the producers] are very determined that I am not on holiday, but I am! “It’s just interrupted occasionally by trying to make some TV.”  Elsewhere in the interview, Carol mentioned his former Top Gear co-hosts Richard Hammond and Jeremy Clarkson, who he’s worked with for 20 years. The presenter asked him if it was nice to escape and work on something alone. He said: “It is, people say that a lot but we all do solo projects, we don’t actually live together. “We can survive independently, just about. It makes it nice when we come together again actually.”   James May: Our Man in Italy will arrive on Amazon Prime Video on Friday with all six episodes expected to arrive at the same time. In the trailer for the show, fans can expect to see James get into all sorts of trouble as he tries to do various different activities. From making a full English breakfast pizza, playing the bagpipes in public and taking part in a mediaeval sword fight. James May: Our Man in Italy airs on Amazon Prime Video on Friday.  