Joe Biden started his first tour to the Middle East as US President by telling Israeli leaders he could use military force against Iran. The 46th President also rejected Tehran's demand for Washington to remove the Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corps from its list of foreign terrorist organisations. Mr Biden's tour comes as the US and Israel are expected to sign a joint declaration which reinforces close military ties between the two nations. It is also believed to stress how the US and Israel remain determined to halt Iran's nuclear programme. According to the Times, an Israeli official claimed both nations would commit themselves to "using all elements of their national power against the Iranian nuclear threat". Mr Biden also said: "The only thing worse than the Iran that exists now is an Iran with nuclear weapons." JUST IN: Joe Biden slams Trump for making ‘gigantic mistake’ in 2018 as POTUS visits Israel He added: "If that was the last resort, yes . . . Iran cannot get a nuclear weapon." Israeli Prime Minister Yair Lapid also said: "We will discuss the need to renew a strong global coalition that will stop [it]." Despite concern from Washington and Jerusalem, Tehran last week claimed it has enriched uranium to 60 percent purity which is considered a technical step away from weapons-grade quality. Iran has also insisted the programme is for peaceful purposes. Following his visit to Israel, Mr Biden is due to fly to Saudi Arabia tomorrow after meeting with Palestinian officials. Ex-POTUS Donald Trump put pressure on Mr Biden ahead of his Middle East tour by warning the Commander-in-Chief could buckle to the Saudis. Mr Trump even said his successor's visit on Friday would demonstrate how the US was becoming a "beggar" for energy supplies. It had been reported the US President remains optimistic about the way in which oil-producing Arab nations could help alleviate the pressure of the energy crisis stateside. DON'T MISS:Newsnight: Rishi Sunak making fatal mistake Jeremy Hunt lends support to ‘next PM’ Rishi Sunak Shock stats show Gatwick has most cancelled flights During Mr Trump's stint in the White House, the US placed the IRGC on the terrorism list and withdrew from the Iran nuclear deal. Mr Biden's national security adviser Jake Sullivan claimed the 46th President would not offer any proposals aimed at restarting talks between Israelis and Palestinians.