Netflix will be dropping the latest instalment from the Resident Evil franchise very soon. The forthcoming series will follow on from the phenomenally successful video games and Hollywood movies. Express.co.uk has the lowdown on the show and what to expect. Resident Evil will be released on Netflix on Thursday, July 14 globally. All eight episodes will be available to binge on the streaming platform in one go. Netflix will be dropping Resident Evil at midnight Pacific Standard Time, which is 3am Eastern Standard Time. In the UK, Resident Evil arrives at 8am BST while those in Europe will be able to watch the programme from 9am Central European Standard Time. READ MORE: Resident Evil cast: Who stars in the Netflix horror series? The new series is tied into the video games, which showrunner Andrew Dabb has suggested are canon. Resident Evil will take place in 2036, 14 years after the events involving the controversial antidepressant Joy, which has caused much chaos. Taking place between two timelines in 2022 and 2036, the world is now filled with blood-thirsty, infected and mind-shattering creatures. Audiences will follow Jade Wesker (played by Ella Balinska) as she tries to come to terms with her father Albert’s (Lane Reddick) connection to the shadowy Umbrella Corporation. She will also be plagued with grief and guilt over her sister Billie’s (Adeline Rudolph) fate. Speaking about how the show fits in with the rest of the Resident Evil franchise, Dabb told Entertainment Weekly: "The games are our backstory. Everything that happens in the games exists in this world.” The showrunner revealed he was a big fan of Resident Evil prior to landing the top job on the show - both the films and the games. Dabb said both of these mediums served different purposes and scratched "a different itch" for fans.   He explained: "The games are very immersive, fun and scary. And the movies are big, bombastic spectacles. So, the idea of being able to do something like this where we have a little bit of both was very exciting to me." Dabb also promised Easter Eggs for die-hard Resident Evil fans in the show: “There are a lot. There is a lot of stuff with Wesker and his origin story and how he became who he is. “A lot of stuff with our nods to William Birkin and a lot of stuff that nods to the original two games, which obviously played very heavily into the backstory of this character.” Dabb went on to say: “And then when it comes to the creatures we have a few treats, little and big that we were able to have fun with. Capcom and Netflix have been great partners in allowing us a lot of room to play.” DON'T MISS...When is the Resident Evil Infinite Darkness Netflix series set? [INSIGHT]Resident Evil Village review: Does Capcom homage to horror pay off? [ANALYSIS]The Witcher season 3: Will there be another series of The Witcher? [EXPLAINER]  He hoped audiences would be intrigued by the characters, teasing there would be “a lot of questions left to be answered”. Netflix has yet to officially renew Resident Evil for season two but Dabb revealed there had been discussions about the future of the show. He said Resident Evil: Village was another “resource” the show could “draw on” for future scripts. Netflix is increasingly tapping into the video game marker with its adaptation of The Witcher proving to be a smash hit for the streamer and The Last of Us in the pipeline. Resident Evil is be released on Netflix on July 14