With the UK set to battle more heat in the coming days, experts at digital mortgage broker Haysto discovered a 268 percent increase in searches for “air con installations” in the past week. Most homes in the UK don’t have air-conditioning due to the country’s temperate climate. Homes in the UK are geared more towards cooler weather, with insulation and double-glazing usually being a priority. However, with temperatures set to climb in the future, Haysto has looked into how much air-conditioning could set back homeowners and how much value it could add to a property. Split-unit or fixed air conditioners are fitted into an exterior wall with an extractor on the outside and cooling side on the inside. Installation costs for these units cost around £1,000 per indoor unit. That price doesn’t take into account the cost of a unit which can cost hundreds. READ MORE: Easy ways to clean stubborn stains from grout without bleach For those who want air conditioning in multiple rooms, it could cost thousands of pounds. A portable air conditioner can be installed for as little as £500. However, it’s unlikely to add any value to a home because it’s not permanent. Adding a permanent multi-room system could cost anywhere from £3,000 to £9,500 to install depending on how many rooms there are in the home and the size of the house. DON'T MISSPippa Middleton buys new £15m property in Berkshire for growing family [INSIGHT]Tomato plant pruning: How to fix yellow or curled-up leaves [UPDATE]How to keep cats out of your garden - 'straightforward' [ANALYSIS] Currently, there isn’t a lot of data available for how much value it could add to a UK home. But as summers heat up in years to come, air-conditioning installation could be something more people search for. Looking at other markets, air-conditioning is set to increase a home’s value by around 2.5 percent, meaning a £250,000 home will have an extra £6,250 added to its value. Homeowners should take into account installation fees compared to how much value it will add to their home. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea For some homes, the cost of adding air-conditioning won’t be enough to offset the cost of its installation. Portable air-conditioning units are the most popular in the UK because they’re temporary. These can be plugged in over the summer months and then stored away in the winter. Portable units also tend to be more affordable with the cheapest retailing from around £200 and the most expensive at £600. While they may not be as effective as the permanent air-conditioning, they do come at a fraction of the cost. When you move house, portable units can also go with you.  TV property expert Kirstie Allsopp caused a stir earlier this week when she criticised air-conditioning on Twitter. Kirstie said homes shouldn’t be allowed to be built if they couldn’t be lived in comfortably without air-con. She said on Twitter: “For thousands of years we were able to build cool buildings in hot places. “Air conditioning led us into the Dark Ages, never again should we be allowed to build homes or offices that can’t be cooled by airflow and shade." Her comments left many Twitter users frustrated, especially those who live in countries where scorching heatwaves are a regular occurrence.