Chelsea star Conor Gallagher suffered an embarrassing moment during a pre-season clash with Charlotte FC on Thursday morning, trying a tame penalty which rolled straight into the arms of the goalkeeper and drew laughter from a TV commentator. To make matters worse, Thomas Tuchel's side lost the shootout 5-3 as the competitive season edges closer. Gallagher is under pressure to impress with the likes of Jorginho, N'Golo Kante and Mateo Kovacic already vying for minutes in Chelsea's midfield. The 22-year-old dazzled on loan at Crystal Palace last season, and is intent on forcing his way into Tuchel's plans. He was among 10 substitutes to emerge from the bench against Charlotte FC, in a game Chelsea were winning thanks to a first-half goal from Christian Pulisic. But Daniel Rios' 92nd-minute penalty introduced the need for a shootout, and despite the Blues' world-class talent, they didn't come out on top. That's partly thanks to Gallagher's woeful spot-kick, with which he candidly tried to outfox the keeper by dinking it down with middle using hardly any power. Pablo Sisniega calmly crouched down to pick up the ball, drawing laughter from Brazilian TV commentary and leaving the Englishman red-faced. JUST IN: England dream football's coming home again as Stanway rocket downs Spain in Euros quarters It was otherwise another match of intrigue for Tuchel and the club's fans, with Raheem Sterling making his non-competitive debut and a host of highly-rated youngsters getting another chance to impress. Gallagher just about fits into that category, and has never hidden his desire to break into Chelsea's first-team rather than pursue interest from other clubs. "I feel ready for a step up in my career," Gallagher told The Daily Mail last week. "If there is a chance to be a part of the team at Chelsea then I can't turn it down. I've got to have belief in myself that I can show the fans and the boss what I can do." DON'T MISS...Newcastle launch '£24m bid' as Leeds mull sale to fund striker searchMan City have risky Marc Cucurella 'back-up plan' as Brighton squabble over priceRaphinha shows Chelsea and Arsenal what they're missing with electric Barcelona debut  There were also important pre-season outings for centre-backs Ethan Ampadu and Levi Colwill, both of whom are attempting to nail down a first-team spot ahead of the new campaign. They will be watching intently as Chelsea push hard to sign Sevilla defender Jules Kounde, having already signed Kalidou Koulibaly and entered talks for Presnel Kimpembe. Armando Broja, who has already left the Blues' pre-season tour, faces a similarly uncertain future amid transfer interest from West Ham. Express Sport understands that the striker is keen to join the Hammers after they lodged a £30million bid this week, but Chelsea are delaying the deal with Tuchel a big fan of the 20-year-old. With plenty already on his plate, the Chelsea boss unpicked Thursday morning's defeat to Charlotte FC after the final whistle. "In general, I would say we played a good first half but only 80 metres of the pitch," he said. "The last 20 metres were not good enough. We struggled with our decision making and precision in the last 20 metres. There were not enough chances, not enough clear chances. "We allowed two big chances out of nothing, this was the point of the very first. Otherwise I thought we played a very good match. Second half it took us 30 minutes to show some quality and then it was maybe only for 10 minutes. So not good, not good at all."