Nick Kyrgios has admitted that he was intially "disappointed" after first hearing that Rafael Nadal was going to withdraw from Wimbledon ahead of their semi-final showdown. Kyrgios set up the mouthwatering semi-final match with Nadal after beating Cristian Garin in straight sets.  Nadal's route was much tougher though with the abdominal strain he suffered earlier in the week causing him problems against Taylor Fritz. The American was making the most of his clear fitness advantage to take a 2-1 lead, but Nadal miraculosly battled back to win in five sets. But his ability to face Kyrgios in Friday's semi-final was still a doubt and depending on medical results. Reports came out that Nadal had suffered a seven millimetre tear, but was still hoping to play if he was able to get onto the court for practice and come through a full training session. Nadal's training session at Aorangi Park was watched closely and he even attempted serving for the first time in a week, albeit a light session. But an announcement came later in the evening that Nadal would not be able to continue at Wimbledon and his run for the Calendar Slam would be over. Kyrgios admits that he was out for dinner when he heard the news prior to Nadal's press conference. While being "proud" and "excited" about reaching his first Wimbledon final, Kyrgios also admitted to having a tinge of sadness around the manner of his achievement. "As a competitor, I really did want that match," Kyrgios said. "As soon as I beat Garin I knew Rafa was a high possibility. "I really did want to see how the third chapter was going to go. I just hope he recovers. My first feeling was a bit disappointed." Kyrgios will discover his opponent for Wimbledon's final later today when Novak Djokovic takes on British No 1 seed Cameron Norrie. Djokovic has never beaten Kyrgios before with the pair only playing twice previously - both in 2017. Kyrgios had also been outspoken against Djokovic prior to the Covid pandemic, but jumped to the defence of the six-time Wimbledon champion earlier this year during the Australian Open debacle.   But the 27-year-old now admits the pair have built somewhat of a "bromance" in recent months and have even being messaging each other at Wimbledon. "We definitely have a bit of a bromance now, which is weird," he said. "I think everyone knows there was no love lost for a while there. I think it was healthy for the sport. I think every time we played each other, there was hype around it. It was interesting for the media, the people watching, all that. "I felt like I was almost the only kind of player and someone to stand up for him with all that kind of drama at Australian Open. I feel like that's where respect is kind of earned. Not on the tennis court, but I feel like when a real life crisis is happening and someone stands up for you... "We actually message each other on DMs in Instagram now and stuff. It's real weird. Actually, like, earlier in the week, he was like, Hopefully I'll see you Sunday." 