It is telling that what has brought Johnson down is not a policy issue, but a recognition among his party that his unwillingness to play by the rules or to take personal responsibility make it impossible to continue like this. This matters when considering what comes next, in two key ways. Most immediately, Johnson’s evident reluctance to leave No.10 makes the process of handling the transition to a new Prime Minister very much more difficult.In previous cases – including the last time we did this, back in 2019 – there was little concern about the out-going PM in holding the fort while an election was held. Theresa May used her time to push through some small, but personally important pieces of work, while David Cameron did even less.Johnson’s style is very much not one of sitting on his hands, so any period of caretaking runs the risk of him taking some overly-enthusiastic action, especially given his fondness for overseas adventures.This raises the question of whether someone else needs to take the reins in the meantime. Perhaps Dominic Raab, as Deputy PM, could step in. But the system doesn’t really allow for such a caretaker rule: the PM is the PM. If the Queen did invite someone else to take the role, then they would hold all the rights of a regular holder of the office. To take an obvious element where this might cause problems, would the caretaker be free to reshuffle people into the many ministerial roles that currently exist? However, such problems are overshadowed by the longer-term impact of Johnson’s model of politics: how it affects his replacement.Here it is worth noting that there aren’t the major policy disputes that have coloured some previous Tory leadership contests: no one really wants to re-open Brexit; everyone thinks levelling-up is a good thing, just as they all want to tackle the cost of living. So it will be questions of probity that will come to the fore instead.How much do the candidates push their case on the basis of reaffirming the norms of behaviour that Johnson damaged so much during his time in office? And if they succeed, do they follow through by acting accordingly?Johnson’s premiership has been characterised by an unprecedented assault on the mechanisms of transparency, accountability and legitimacy that our political system relies on to sustain our democracy.It will be up to his successor to decide how much they want to try to rebuild those mechanisms. That might mean a less exciting politics, but it should mean a politics that works better for all of us in the long run, but in process and in policy on the ground.Simon Usherwood is Professor in Politics and International Studies at The Open University.