Tom Bower, author of Revenge: Meghan, Harry and the war between the Windsors, previously claimed that his tell-all book would include “extraordinary information” about Meghan Markle's rise to royalty. The biographer spoke to various people who know the 40-year-old to piece together information for the book. Meghan's father Thomas Markle spoke to Mr Bower about his estranged relationship with his daughter and it has been suggested that the 78-year-old used the book as a "platform" against her and to "re-establish" his narrative. Speaking on the latest episode of Royal Beat, royal commentator Roya Nikkhah discussed the strained relationship between Meghan and her father. Ms Nikkhah said: "I think Thomas has used the book as a, sort of, platform to try and re-establish his side of the narrative." The royal commentator claimed that Mr Bower spoke "at great length" to Thomas Markle. She added: "You get much more of an understanding from Thomas Markle's point of view of Meghan's upbringing [and] the time she spent with her father. Ms Nikkhah continued: "The relationship that is now portrayed as very close, is the one between Meghan and her mother. READ MORE: Pippa Middleton to follow in sister's footsteps with new aristocratic title "[But] actually for great periods of her childhood and her teenage years, she was living with her father". She added that this was because Doria, Meghan's mother, "wasn't around so much." Journalist, and co-author of Finding Freedom, Omid Scobie previously claimed that the relationship between Meghan and her father had "really come to an end". Thomas, who is a retired Hollywood lighting director, had planned to visit the UK last month for the Platinum Jubilee celebrations and had hoped to reunite with his daughter and meet his two young grandchildren, Archie and Lilibet, for the first time. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Queen SNUBS Harry and Meghan ahead of shock memoir - bombshell claim  However, it was later reported that the 78-year-old had suffered a suspected stroke, which had led to him having to abort his plans. Following his stay in hospital, Thomas said, via Mail Online: “I feel hugely grateful and know how lucky I am to be alive. “I want to thank everyone, especially the wonderful doctors and nurses who saved my life. They are angels.” DON'T MISS Following the announcement of Thomas' ill health, Dan Wootton spoke to GB News about whether, despite their feud, Meghan would visit her father following his "brush with death" Mr Wootton said: "I pray for his recovery, and even more, I pray this brush with death will give Meghan the opportunity to reconsider her decision to freeze out the dad, she used to publicly praise, as her beloved daddy on social media websites." The Duchess of Sussex is believed to have last seen her father in person before her marriage to Prince Harry in 2018. Thomas Markle was originally scheduled to walk Meghan down the aisle but bowed out in favour of Prince Charles after allegations emerged of him striking a photo deal with paparazzi. READ NEXT: