 New data from the Department for Transport has found that over half of all electric vehicles are now operated by businesses. Given the incentives on offer for electric vehicles, the swing of vehicles is staggering with a 40 percent reduction in diesel vehicles compared to two years ago.  Through company car schemes and the Benefit-in-Kind tax rates, electric cars only have to pay two percent tax, compared to petrol and diesel vehicles which normally start from 25 percent. The British Vehicle Rental and Leasing Association (BVRLA) have launched the #SeeTheBenefit campaign which calls on the Government to support the uptake of electric cars. It is also calling on the new Chancellor of the Exchequer Nadhim Zahawi to give tax foresight beyond the current rates. At present, Benefit-in-Kind tax rates have only been unveiled until the 2024/2025 tax year. READ MORE: Simple way drivers can save money on fuel by adjusting their windows  In the first three months of 2022, there were 2,722,060 company cars in the UK. This is an increase of almost 47,000 compared to the previous quarter, despite global supply chain issues. The motoring organisation are demanding that plans be introduced to extend the current low tax rates for electric cars. It says it is particularly important for the burgeoning salary sacrifice market which has massively encouraged businesses to use electric cars. DON'T MISS'Only a matter of time' before diesel vehicles are 'prohibited' [SHOCKING]Drivers urged to follow little-known ventilation trick to cool cars [INSIGHT]Drivers warned of road chaos as fuel protests set to hit the UK today [WARNING]  Toby Poston, BVRLA Director of Corporate Affairs, called on the Government to take action to clarify what options are available for drivers. He said: “The UK currently has a world-leading policy that is democratising access to EVs. “Low company car tax rates have been the single biggest driver of EV uptake to date. “With over 70 percent of petrol or diesel company car drivers due to renew within the next two years, keeping EV BiK rates low is the best way for the UK to meet its Net Zero targets.  “We are delighted that so many MPs came to talk to us, signed our pledge car and agreed to support our campaign for more BiK foresight and effective long-term incentives.” “As we weather the cost-of-living crisis, drivers need to know what their tax bills will be. “The Government needs to keep up the fragile momentum it has created in the face of the current economic headwinds, now is not the time to accelerate tax rises.” Throughout June, the BVRLA encouraged industry professionals to write to their local MP to share the campaign.  Well over 1,000 letters were shared, with many campaigners attending an event outside Westminster this week. The event saw MPs speak with experts from the DVRLA, Octopus Electric Vehicles, Tusker and Zenith. According to the organisation, 78 percent of salary sacrifice orders were electric during the fourth quarter of 2021. At the end of 2015, the UK had 1,842,672 diesel company cars, a 67.8 percent share of the total. That volume fell to 1,308,319 units by the first quarter of 2020 and has shrunk by a further 40 percent since – to 828,461 cars, or a 30.4 percent share.