As the UK sizzles this week, many Britons will be looking to relax at the beach. Where are the best spots for British beachlovers? Holidaycottages.co.uk found the best beaches and coastlines that are closest to the UK’s major cities. Feeling the heat in Birmingham? The UK’s second biggest city may feel landlocked but it’s just two hours from gorgeous Weston-Super-Mare. The gorgeous beach is known for its golden sand and has a fantastic promenade to walk along. A Holidaycottages.co.uk spokesperson said: “It’s one of the UK’s longest beaches and therefore there’s so much to explore. “Just a little further down the coast and 112 miles away from Birmingham is Burnham-on-Sea. “This thriving seaside town is fantastic for families to enjoy as there’s so much to do there, including enjoying an ice cream on the beach and paddling in the sea.” READ MORE: Cheapest seaside town to visit during heatwave 'gloriously beautiful' London is likely to be one of the hottest spots in the UK during the heatwave and residents will be itching to escape the heat. Famous for oysters, delicious fish and chips and smugglers, stunning Whitstable is the perfect spot to cool off. The spokesperson said: “Whitstable, a beautiful shingle beach surrounded by colourful wooden beach huts and unforgettable oyster restaurants, is situated in Kent and is just 61 miles away from London. “Whitstable’s English charm makes it the perfect place to visit for a relaxing breather from city life.” Just 46 miles from Manchester, Formby Sands is the perfect spot for residents to escape the city heatwave. The spokesperson said: “Formby Sands is an amazing place to admire striking sand dunes whilst discovering historic footprints from both animals and humans!" In addition to Formby Sands, popular seaside town Blackpool is situated 53 miles away from Manchester. “Blackpool promenade boasts three exciting piers with entertainment for the whole family.” READ MORE: Spain: Hotel workers to be trained by police to deal with tourists  Glasgow might not be as hot as some of the UK’s southern cities, but residents are still likely to feel some rays. Luckily, gorgeous Lunderston Bay in Clyde is just 30 miles away from the city and is described as “magnificent”. Just 73 miles from Sheffield, is the oasis of Cleethorpes, a traditional seaside town with miles of sandy beaches. Perfect for families, children can enjoy donkey rides in the beach resort or have a splash in a paddling pool. Under 70 miles from Leeds, Filey offers visitors an outstanding coastline with a five mile stretch of golden sand. Also not far from Leeds, Scarborough is the perfect spot to enjoy an ice-cream or a fish and chip supper. Shannon Keery of HolidayCottages.co.uk said: “Whilst the UK’s biggest cities have so much to offer, sometimes there’s nothing better than a trip to the beach. “ It’s incredible to see how many beautiful beaches that are closer than you’d think from some of the UK’s liveliest locations.”