Manchester United have told Christian Eriksen and Lisandro Martinez not to bother joining their pre-season tour of Australia despite still having two further matches scheduled in the country, according to reports. On Friday, the Red Devils confirmed the free transfer capture of playmaker Eriksen, while defender Martinez’s arrival is apparently ‘imminent’. Erik ten Hag’s side have enjoyed a successful pre-season so far. They defeated Premier League rivals Liverpool 4-0 in Thailand before flying to Australia, where they beat Melbourne Victory on Friday. United have two more matches down under before they travel to Oslo. They clash with Crystal Palace in Melbourne on Tuesday before facing another fellow English side, Aston Villa, in Perth on July 23. The Red Devils confirmed the arrival of Eriksen on Friday but have apparently told the playmaker to remain at home instead of flying to Australia. According to PA, Eriksen and soon-to-be United new boy Martinez have been told not to join their team-mates on their tour. JUST IN: Eriksen speaks out on Ten Hag chat as Man Utd confirm transfer United are reportedly close to confirming Martinez’s arrival from Ajax. A £45million transfer has been agreed between the two clubs for the left-sided defender. He will become the club’s third capture after Eriksen and left-back Tyrell Malacia. It means that Eriksen and Martinez could make their debuts when United face Atletico Madrid in Norway after the trip to Australia. Alternatively, they could feature against Rayo Vallecano as Ten Hag makes his first appearance in the Old Trafford dugout on July 31. Eriksen said upon signing: “Manchester United is a special club, and I cannot wait to get started. I have had the privilege of playing at Old Trafford many times but to do it in the red shirt of United will be an amazing feeling. DON'T MISS...Ex-Man Utd star Jesse Lingard presented with Ronaldo-like offerMan Utd 4-1 Melbourne Victory: Five things we learned from winMan Utd’s four best players as Ten Hag secures Melbourne Victory win “I have seen Erik’s work at Ajax and know the level of detail and preparation that he and his staff put into every day. It is clear that he is a fantastic coach. “Having spoken with him and learned more about his vision and the way he wants the team to play, I am even more excited for the future. I still have major ambitions in the game, there is a huge amount that I know I can achieve, and this is the perfect place to continue my journey.” The addition of the 30-year-old former Tottenham ace and the potential signing of Martinez means that Ten Hag’s plans are finally taking shape after a frustrating start to the summer. But United still need plenty more new players before their season begins against Brighton on August 7. Ten Hag is hoping to wrap up a deal for Barcelona midfielder Frenkie de Jong, but the Dutch midfielder does not appear particularly keen on a £75m move. There also remains doubt over the future of United forward Cristiano Ronaldo.