The 96-year-old monarch is set to miss the international multi-sport event, and will instead be represented by her son, Prince Charles. Charles is expected to attend the opening ceremony in Birmingham on July 28 in his mother's place. Meanwhile, other members of the Royal Family are also expected to attend events throughout the tournament. This includes the Duchess of Cornwall, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, the Earl and Countess of Wessex, Princess Anne, and the Duke and Duchess of Gloucester. Kate and William are expected to visit on August 2.  The Commonwealth Games, held every four years, involves athletes from different Commonwealth nations. It's believed Her Majesty will miss the event due to concerns over her ability to travel with her episodic mobility issues. Prince Charles and Camilla will take the Queen's place on the first day of the event stepping in several times at different occasions during the Platinum Jubilee weekend and before. The Queen has pulled out of, among others, the Epsom Derby, the Jubilee thanksgiving service as well as the Royal Ascot so far this year.  As patron of the Commonwealth Games Federation, the Queen's cancellation is likely to come as a major blow to the event's participants and organisers. In October last year, she also wrote and placed a secret message in a baton during the Queen's Baton Relay event. The note is expected to be revealed and read aloud at the launch of the games on July 22. Taking to the Royal Family’s official Instagram page, the Queen shared a rare behind-the-scenes clip of her signing her the message.  The caption read: "The Queen signing her message to the Commonwealth, which will be read at the Opening Ceremony of the Commonwealth Games in Birmingham next year. Today, the message was placed inside The Queen’s Baton before it began its journey to Birmingham via 72 Commonwealth territories and nations, connecting communities over 90,000 miles." While Buckingham Palace has declined to comment on the Queen's attendance, royal sources have confirmed that Her Majesty will not appear at the event. The Queen is expected to stay at Balmoral Castle in Scotland at the time of the 11-day-long competition. Despite having access to a private helicopter and plane, the Head of State reportedly remains too fragile to tolerate the long journey. 