Tracey Whelan, 42, shared how she moved home to "get away from the drugs" and try to change her life for the better. However, she soon found herself stuck back in Harehills, Leeds, begging for change to afford things like bus fares. "I used to live in Harehills but I moved away to get away from the drugs," explained Tracey. Speaking to LeedsLive, she continued, "I’ve got two kids and I’m pregnant now.” Tracey said she associated with "bad people" when she acted as a sex worker around the Harehills and Chapeltown areas of the city. The woman moved away from Leeds and has mothered two children, eight and 26. According to Streetlight, 105,000 individuals in the UK are believed to be involved in prostitution. The vast majority of these are women, many of whom are likely to develop dangerous habits such as substance abuse, as a result. They also warn that social factors are some of the biggest hinderances for those trying to escape the industry. For example, Tracey says she has had numerous people insult her, calling her derogatory names which poke fun at her 26-year addiction. Tracey developed her addiction when she was working as a prostitute, just trying to make ends meet: “They call me a crackhead, dirty s*** and a smackhead. I’m in agony. You shouldn’t judge people, it’s not right. I don’t bother anyone.”   According to UK Addiction Treatment Centres: "It can be hard to get a true idea of the scale of drug addiction in the UK because many people who struggle with drug addiction do not seek help. However, there were two-hundred and seventy thousand people in contact with drug treatment services between April 2019 and March 2020. "If you consider that the vast majority of drug users will not be in contact with drug treatment services, it is likely that the true number of people suffering from drug addiction in the UK is actually much higher." The area Tracey previously lived in, Harehills, has been described as a “holiday resort” for street-drinkers by West Yorkshire Police, who are committed to cracking down on the anti-social behaviour after being granted increased powers to take action in the area. Tracey distances herself from the street-drinkers, making assurances that she doesn’t drink and calls their anti-social behaviour “disgusting”.  The former prostitute said: “I don’t drink, it’s disgusting. They’re falling all over and causing trouble. I take heroin and crack, I’ve been addicted for years – 26 years. “I got involved with bad people, prostitutes, and people like that. I used to do it myself, in Harehills and Chapeltown.” If you have concerns for someone begging, you can report it here. 