The Met Office has extended an amber extreme heat warning as “exceptionally high temperatures” continue across England and Wales. Keeping your property cool in the heat is crucial for staying comfortable at home, but will keeping your windows wide open really do the job? Here’s what you need to know about beating the heat in your house, including the truth about how effective your windows are at reducing the temperature indoors. Health and weather warnings will remain in place over the weekend and into next week as “well above average” temperatures of more than 30C swarm the country. Met Office Deputy Chief Meteorologist Dan Harris said: “Following a return to nearer average, locally rather cool temperatures over the next few days, the warm weather looks likely to steadily ramp up once again this weekend, probably peaking early next week.” A Level 3 UK Health Security Agency Heat Health Alert has also been issued from Saturday to Tuesday, advising people to look out for vulnerable people and those with underlying health conditions. With temperatures expected to soar once again, being prepared for the heat is essential to stay safe. So how can your windows play a part in keeping your home cool during the heatwave? READ MORE: How to clean shower door using 'household items' - 'best way' It can be tempting to crack open every window in the house when the heat of summer sets in, but it could actually be making your property even warmer. Though it may seem like you are allowing a flow of fresh air into your home, lingering humidity can have quite the opposite effect on the inside temperature. In fact, the only time you should keep windows wide open to cope with the heat is when there is an obvious breeze outdoors, or if the temperature measures lower outside than it does within your home. The best way to use your windows to keep rooms cool is to use them strategically. This can be done by opening them at different times of the day and in different areas of your home. If you want to air your home in the morning heat, try to open windows which are in darker rooms with no direct sunlight beating in through the glass panes. Keep blinds, shutters or curtains open until the sun begins to shine through the windows. DON'T MISS:UK heatwave: Panic as raft of summer events cancelled amid 40C alerts [LATEST]Mayor of London activates severe weather emergency plan as temperature [ANALYSIS]Dog warning: Owners told to urgent check pets' noses [INSIGHT] Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The afternoon is the hottest part of the day, making it more difficult to stay cool. Using your windows at this time of the day should be avoided unless there is a strong breeze, in which case you should close the curtains and keep the windows open. This works by stimulating a breeze throughout your home while blocking direct sunlight from warming up surfaces around your property. The NHS said: “Keep rooms cool by using shades or reflective material outside the windows. If this isn’t possible, use light-coloured curtains and keep them closed.” Keeping internal doors open can also help to circulate the air throughout your home without increasing the temperature. Keeping windows open during the coolest part of the day is the best way to make the most of the natural breeze. While it will still be warm before the sun sets, the temperature will drop significantly as the sun lowers. At this point in the day, it is best to keep windows open and blinds or curtains closed until the morning. The time of day isn’t the only thing you need to pay attention to during the hot weather. According to Trade to Trade Windows, the colour of your curtains also affects the way you use windows to keep your home cool. The window company said: “if you have pale curtains, you are safer to keep them shut as this will keep the heat out. “If you have dark coloured curtains, you are safer keeping them open as they will absorb the heat.”