Homes Under the Hammer presenter Martin Roberts was in South Norwood in London, a popular area for commuters. He said: “Well, the property I’m here to see is right by the side of this busy road. Good transport links anyway. One hundred and fifty thousand plus for a two-bedroom flat.” The property was above a small supermarket. Upon entering the property, Martin showed viewers the state of the flat. He explained: “Crikey, very, very, very old fuse board with those old cartridge fuses. “The electrics definitely need replacing.” The bedrooms were good in size but had areas of damp and mould. The bathroom was internal, meaning there were huge ventilation issues. READ MORE: Japanese knotweed: Family receives payout after plant found Martin said: “It obviously needs a complete refurbish that. You could get rid of this immersion heater here and replace it with a combination boiler, that would give you more space.” Through to the back of the flat was the kitchen, which was tired and dated but fully fitted with appliances. Who purchased the property when it went to auction? Sold for £177,000, Sarkan and Ismail purchased the property as their first business venture together. They said they wanted to buy the property due to its good transport links into London. The duo had big plans for the place, with hopes to replace the kitchen, bathroom and windows. DON'T MISS:Heatwave: How to prevent house and garden fires [WARNING]Ozzy Osbourne’s quiet life in peaceful Buckinghamshire village [COMMENT]Homes Under the Hammer transforms ‘uninhabitable’ flat [PICTURES] They also said they wanted to create an open plan living and kitchen area. The flat was also going to be painted in a light colour to create the illusion of bigger rooms. With a budget of £15,000, the pair said they wanted to get the work done in eight weeks. Homes Under the Hammer revisited the flat once the renovation work had been completed. Martin said he was really impressed with how Sarkan and Ismail approached the renovation. A new stylish kitchen had been fitted to create an open plan living area, a trend which has become extremely popular in recent years. READ MORE: Homes Under The Hammer buyer increases house price by £63k - pictures The bathroom also had a new suite with grey tiles. Martin said: “But why is there a sloped ceiling in here?” Due to the flat being slightly small, the property owners decided to transform the loft, adding an extra bedroom and en suite. Martin explained: “Wow, and what a loft conversion with a large bedroom complete with an en suite. The en suite had a large shower with a modern shower head and sliding doors. The tiles were stylish with a marble effect running through them. The loft bedroom had plenty of light with skylights letting in all the natural light. Despite having a budget of £15,000, the loft means Sarkan and Ismail spent £55,000. However, they really think this will benefit them when they come to rent the flat out. Local estate agents visited the home to see how much they thought the home would be worth now. One expert said: “They’ve done really well and added a third bedroom. I believe this is really going to help rent the property. “I believe if this property was to be put on the sales market, you’d be looking to achieve anywhere between £325,000 to £330,000.” The other explained: “The amount of space they have gained is actually quite incredible. “The value for the property as it stands right now is £300,000.” Taking the top valuation means the property duo have increased the flat’s value by a huge £153,000.