Kate Middleton and Prince William, both 40, attended a charity polo match in Windsor on Wednesday. When the Duchess of Cambridge approached her husband to present his trophy, William responded by kissing Kate on the cheek. The images of their slightly conservative kiss are quite a contrast compared to Meghan Markle and Prince Harry’s kisses after his polo matches.  The Duke and Duchess of Sussex always kiss each other on the lips with no attempt to hide their affection for each other. Similarly, during the 1980s, Princess Diana and Prince Charles would share a lip kiss after his matches. However as their relationship deteriorated in the 1990s, this turned to more brief cheek kisses with Diana’s head turned away. Judi James, a body language expert, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to compare all three couple’s kisses after polo matches. READ MORE: Mike Tindall's 'closeness to William created a dilemma' with Sussexes She suggested: “Harry and Meghan’s very intimate polo kiss might appear to be the most passionate royal PDA in many years. “Harry’s chest was puffed and Meghan’s torso was pressed into his side as the couple performed a lingering kiss on the mouth. “Meghan’s head was thrown back and her neck was bared in a signal of romantic submission to her polo-playing husband,” the expert claimed. How does this kiss compare to Charles and Diana’s smooches? Judi continued: “Charles and Diana are mainly remembered for the shocking miss-kiss at the end of their marriage, when Diana rejected Charles by turning her head away. “This left Charles planting his kiss in her hair. “But in 1985 and 1987 they were also kissing on the lips with surprisingly passionate and rather intimate PDAs of their own, that could almost rival the kiss by Harry and Meghan. “Diana would smile coyly as they kissed full on the lips and her head tilt looked loving. READ MORE: Kate Middleton and dog Orla delight fans “Charles was later leaning into their other kiss in a gesture of keenness and a hint of romantic passion,” the expert opined. What does the body language analyst think of William and Kate’s kiss on Wednesday? Judi claimed: “For William and Kate the kiss is a much more tempered event, in keeping with the couple’s trait of avoiding overt PDAs in public. “Their kiss is not an open display of passion, however their subtler signals look just as convincing as Harry and Meghan’s Hollywood number,” the expert noted.  Do the Cambridges show more “synchronicity” with their kiss? Judi added: “The synchronicity is obvious and their mirrored smiles and eye contact show genuine pleasure at the gesture of intimacy. “Their softened facial features as they smile at one another is a signal of authentic affection. “The way they linger after the kiss suggests a reluctance to separate.” 