Nicolette (played by Charlotte Chimes) has been at the centre of a lot of drama on Neighbours over the past two years but with the final episode just a couple of weeks away, it seems there could be one more explosive storyline for her. With the character's life seemingly on the up for a change, everything will fall into a spiral in upcoming scenes on the Channel 5 soap. However, as she makes a brave move, will it pay off or will she end up paying a heavy price for her courage? The drama continues in next week's episodes as Emma McIver (Jessica Clarke) continues to make Freya's (Phoebe Roberts) life a living hell. Having got the nurse to attend to an associate who had been injured doing a criminal job in exchange for keeping David Tanaka (Takaya Honda) safe in prison, the dangerous character comes back to Ramsay Street with a gun. Heading to Number 24, she looks ready to implicate Freya, who is at home with Kiri Durant (Gemma Bird Matheson), in another deadly situation. Arriving at the property with an associate of hers named Austin, the gunwoman urges Freya to treat his injuries as she did with her other associate. Unfortunately, the nurse tells Emma she is out of her depth as the man's injuries need greater medical treatment than she can give. READ MORE: Jane McDonald suffers wardrobe 'disaster' painting challenge Emma refuses to listen and holds Freya and Kiri hostage until someone helps Austin but the situation takes another turn. Nicolette soon finds herself part of the ordeal when she arrives at the house unannounced and has a gun pointed in her face. With the mother of one now part of the hostage situation, Emma believes she holds all the cards as she tells the mother of David's child some interesting information. The troubled character explains one of her contacts in prison has injured David again and has trapped him to ensure Freya helps Emma. If no one is able to give Emma the help she needs, she will give the word for her criminal associate to kill David. As the situation becomes tenser by the second, the three women realise they need to take down Emma if they stand any chance of saving themselves and David. Putting her life on the line, Nicolette jumps in and distracts the gunwoman as Freya tackles her to the ground but this is where the gun could go off. With the dust settling after the takedown, Nicolette could bleed out as she is shot by Emma and realises her time is running out. Having had reports of a gunshot coming from the property, the police could arrive to arrest Emma and take her into custody. However, they could be moments too late to call for an ambulance as Nicolette could have died almost immediately after she was shot. DON'T MISS...Neighbours' Alan Fletcher unveils extravagant gift from Margot Robbie [COMMENT]Neighbours' Alan Fletcher responds to health concerns [COMMENT]Jason Donovan health: 'It's an illness' - star on his addiction [COMMENT] This would be heartbreaking as she would have finally got to a good place in her relationship with Kiri, who would be seen cradling Nicolette's body. Freya would be bewildered, realising her past has cost someone else their life and she is putting too many people in danger. Jane Harris (Annie Jones) would also be devastated to learn her daughter has died, which is why her son Byron Stone (Joe Klocek) could have been brought in recently to support this mother during this time. Will the family want answers as to what happened and will they ever be able to accept Freya's apology for getting Nicolette implicated in the drama? All of this could happen before the finale airs later this month, with Australian viewers getting to watch the feature-length episode on Thursday 28 August at 9pm on 10Peach with UK fans getting to watch it on Friday 29 August at 9pm on Channel 5. The original date was meant to be Monday 1 August but the channels both in Australia and the UK agreed to bring it forward. A statement by Channel 5 following the announcement read: "In what is set to be a gripping and emotional finale, fan favourites from the past will be returning to Ramsay Street to celebrate with our Erinsborough locals. "In a send-off that will have something for everyone, spanning all generations and decades from the opening scene in 1985, to the final episode in 2022. "Further announcements will be made in the coming weeks about additional surprises to send off the iconic soap in style." This will be the first time Neighbours has featured in a prime time slot since the 35th anniversary late-night episodes aired in 2020. There is still hope the show can be saved or brought back one day, with the actor who plays Harold Bishop, Ian Smith, sharing his thoughts on how this could be done. The stalwart said: "I think the Australian government should have bought it. "Put it on the ABC and used it as a living, working school for actors, writers and cameramen and put it to air as such," he told the Courier-Mail. However, for now, there are no plans in place for a future of Neighbours after more than 37 years on television. Neighbours airs weekdays at 1:45pm and 6pm on Channel 5.