Better Call Saul is coming to an end with just season six left to air on AMC and Netflix. There have been some tense moments so far in the last ever series, including the unexpected death of a popular character. Saul Goodman (played by Bob Odenkirk) himself also suffered on set as he collapsed midway through a day of filming. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Better Call Saul.Better Call Saul star Bob Odenkirk has been the star of the Breaking Bad prequel for the past seven years. He has been nominated for an Emmy Award five times and has been praised worldwide for his portrayal of the lovable con artist. The cast and crew of the AMC and Netflix drama wrapped up filming on the sixth and final season late last year after shooting was delayed due to the coronavirus pandemic. But it was no picnic for Odenkirk as he suffered a heart attack while filming some of Better Call Saul's final scenes. READ MORE: SEAL Team’s David Boreanaz pays tribute to coach of ’20+ years’ According to Odenkirk, he was filming next week's instalment, season six, episode nine, when he suffered a cardiac arrest. The episode will air in its regular timeslot on Monday, July 18, on AMC in America and Tuesday, July 19, on Netflix for the rest of the world. As of yet, an official synopsis hasn't been released describing what's to come in the episode ahead. Odenkirk says he doesn't remember that day on set, labelling it a "complete blank". "I didn't go back to shoot for five weeks. I had a five-week break to recover", Odenkirk told The Hollywood Reporter. "And then when I went back, we limited our shooting to 12-hour days. "And so they took care of me and I was able to do it, and hopefully you can't tell when I had the heart attack and when I didn't. "Next week is the scene where I have the heart attack. "And probably about three-quarters of the scene was shot before I had the heart attack, the day of the heart attack, and then the other quarter scene was after." DON'T MISS...Virgin River season 4 theory: Hope to suffer another health scare [THEORY]Better Call Saul’s Lalo star exposes original death scene [CAST]Better Call Saul season 6 episode 8: Why was Lalo Salamanca killed? [EXPLAINER] Writer Gordan Smith also explained what was happening prior to Odenkirk collapsing. He said there was a turnaround of sets when he and creator Vince Gilligan saw there was a "scattering of folks", running to the Better Call Saul star's aid. He said: "We were also so incredibly relieved when Bob seemed to come through. "The man was in such good shape. For me and a lot of people, it was a real wake-up call." Better Call Saul will soon be saying its final goodbye as season six is the final series. A new episode is going to be released every week in the same timeslot on Netflix and AMC. The grand finale will be out internationally on Tuesday, August 16, on Netflix. Better Call Saul season 6 continues every Monday on AMC and Tuesday on Netflix.