Dogs are not able to regulate their body temperature in the same way humans can, which means hot weather can pose a risk to pets. With the heatwave expected to push thermometers to 40C in parts of the country today, pet owners must ensure their dogs are kept cool. For the most part, this will mean avoiding walks during the daytime and waiting until temperatures drop. Accredited dog trainer, Joe Nutkins, in partnership with Canine Cottages, explained: “Dogs have a comfortable core temperature of 38 to 39C, while humans have a baseline temperature of around 37C”. Although a dog's core temperature is higher, they cannot regulate heat in the way that we do, which leads them to be more prone to heatstroke. READ MORE: How to keep cats cool during a heatwave - 6 ways to keep your cat safe Mr Nutkins added: “In the UK, many vets suggest it could potentially be too hot for some dogs at temperatures of 19 to 20C, and temperatures of up to 25C are far too hot for dogs to be walked in. “It does vary a little from dog to dog, with breed and fur type being a factor, as well as age and where you walk your dog.” Instead, owners should consider walking their dogs either early in the morning, before temperatures rise, or in the evening once the heat drops. However, in the current heatwave, it might be best to have your dog skip its walk for one day and try staying cool in the shade instead. READ MORE: How to keep a flat cool in hot weather - 7 tips to blast away the heat Mr Nutkins explained: “Temperatures around 15C are perfect for dogs, as they can regulate their temperatures better and are good to go on walks, but any higher, like 18 to 21 degrees, can quickly be too warm for dogs. “If the temperature sneaks up to 24 to 27 degrees, it’s too hot and many dogs will find this heat uncomfortable.” When dogs become too hot they can be at risk of developing heatstroke. While humans can sweat all over their body via the skin, dogs’ only sweat-type glands are in their paws, so they rarely sweat. While heatstroke is more fatal in dogs than in humans, according to research by Canine Cottages, over one in six pet owners aren’t confident that they could recognise signs of heatstroke in their dog. DON'T MISSQueen Elizabeth's favourite hobby when in Scotland every summer [REVEALED]Best Mattress UK (July 2022): Memory Foam, Hybrid, and more [DEAL]Is it best to keep windows closed in hot weather? [INSIGHT] Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Mr Nutkins said: “If your dog is overheating, they naturally use thermoregulation to help control their temperatures, such as panting to release heat via moisture on the tongue or by vasodilation where blood vessels expand, usually in the face and ears, leading to a reddish, prickly appearance.”