Zara Tindall at the age of 41 is still partaking in equestrian competitions across the country. After becoming the first Royal Family member to win an Olympic medal in 2012, Zara’s equestrian career exploded. The granddaughter of the Queen always looks fantastic with her toned figure.  What fitness routine does Zara follow to stay in shape? Sarah Campus, the founder of LDN MUMS FITNESS, spoke to Express.co.uk to explain the royal’s workout. She said: “As an athlete and former Olympic silver medallist, Zara, has always been in tune with what it takes to get her body into peak physical condition. “Even now, Zara appears to have maintained many of those foundational habits formed during her years as a competitive athlete.”  What measures has the royal put in place in her home to assist with her workout? The expert explained: “Zara and Mike have an extensive gym installed in their estate home. “Zara likes to squeeze in a quick workout in their home gym before her children wake up – with her preference being to jump on an exercise bike for a spin. “During her peak equestrian eventing days, Zara had to “work hard” on her fitness, which included riding up to eight horses a day. “At that time, Zara’s regimen also included swimming and cycling for fitness, strength and endurance.” Does the royal follow any specific diet plan to help maintain her figure? Sarah continued: “Zara follows two very simple food rules to stay on track. “Namely, limiting carbohydrates and sugar as much as possible. READ MORE: 'Like teens!' Zara and Mike look 'smitten' as they 'press their lips' “She doesn’t diet but tries to eat well and not to eat too many carbohydrates or sugary things.” What would Zara’s “typical plate” look like? Sarah noted: “A typical plate of her is chock full of fresh and wholesome foods that are laden with protein, vitamins and nutrients. “Zara tends to start the day at 7am with a simple breakfast of Greek yoghurt and honey.  “This would carry her through to lunchtime, where she’d enjoy a fuss-free ‘simple’ meal, like soup and a sandwich or eggs and toast. “Healthy home-cooked meals are Zara’s preference at dinner time. “Her husband Mike Tindall confirmed that Zara is ‘an awesome cook’, and ‘does all the cooking in the house’.” 