NCIS has been airing for almost two decades and thankfully, there are no signs it will be slowing down any time soon. There were fears it could be the beginning of the end once Agent Leroy Gibbs (played by Mark Harmon) made his exit but it appears the CBS drama is stronger than ever. With that in mind, here's what there is to know so far about NCIS's return. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from NCIS.NCIS season 19 concluded in May 2022, with the CBS fall line-up announced shortly after. The drama, along with shows such as Blue Bloods, SWAT, FBI and CSI Vegas were all given the nod for another season to come out. The rest of the NCIS franchise, currently made up of Los Angeles and Hawaii were also renewed for series 14 and season two respectively. Last month, it was announced exactly when all of these shows will be returning. READ MORE: Lorraine Kelly in savage sweating jibe at Prince Andrew NCIS season 20 has been given the premiere date of Monday, September 19, at 9pm ET/PT. Series 19 was moved from Tuesdays to Mondays unexpectedly but there will be no more changes to the schedule when NCIS is back. In terms of the rest of the franchise, Los Angeles will be back for season 14 a day earlier on Sunday, September 18. Meanwhile, Hawaii's second outing is going to premiere straight after NCIS season 20 on September 19. Unfortunately, it won't be the same story for UK fans of NCIS who don't have access to CBS. A UK release date hasn't yet been announced with season 19 episodes only debuting on Disney+ in April 2022. The previous NCIS seasons are also available to watch on the streaming service but some have speculated that it will move to Paramount Plus which is owned by CBS. However, this has not been confirmed so, for now at least, NCIS is expected to return for more on Disney+. DON'T MISS...Nelson Mandela's grandson laughs at Harry's UN speech 'Worlds apart' [REACTION]NCIS season 20: Torres star sparks frenzy as he teases ‘change'  [CAST]NCIS LA season 14: Fans sent into frenzy as crew member shares peek [EXPLAINER] Season 19 was a monumental series in NCIS' history as it saw the final scenes of Agent Leroy Gibbs. After he was suspended, Gibbs went on a manhunt for a serial killer which led him to Alaska. Once he was able to get the killer behind bars, Gibbs made the decision to retire in the beautiful state, commenting on how he felt most at peace there. With the veteran agent now out of the picture, all of the show's focus will be on its current cast. The season 19 main cast are all expected to return for series 20 later this year. They are Sean Murray, Wilmer Valderrama, Brian Dietzen and newcomers Katrina Law and Gary Cole. It is teased that fans will be finding out a lot more about Cole's Alden Parker when the drama makes its comeback. NCIS season 20 will premiere on Monday, September 19, on CBS in America. A UK release date hasn't been announced.