GTA Online Summer Update is almost here, with the Criminal Enterprises DLC just days away from launching. The 2022 Summer Update for Grand Theft Auto Online will bring with it new opportunities for players, no matter what path they've taken - whether that's as a nightclub owner, executive, biker or gunrunner. The new GTA Online missions in Criminal Enterprises will be based around a very familiar scenario - Los Santos is in chaos amid a searing heatwave, record high petrol prices and retail supply chain problems. This - along with an economic crisis - is all creating plenty of criminal opportunities in the world of GTA Online. Besides this, Operation Paper Trail will add the ability to go undercover in a criminal operation, while there will also be higher payouts for Races and Heists, plus much more. So when is the GTA Online Criminal Enterprises update out? Here's what you need to know... Rockstar Games has confirmed that the next GTA Online Summer Update is out on Tuesday July 26. A release time has not been confirmed by big patches for GTA Online typically launch around 9am UK time. So we could see the GTA Online 2022 Summer Update launch around then or within a few hours after that predicted start time, with patch notes dropping later in the day. Rockstar Games has given a rundown of what to expect from the GTA Online Criminal Enterprises patch. Here's what they said about the upcoming update: "The Criminal Enterprises is a sweeping update bringing new missions and upgrades to GTA Online including significant expansions to business prospects for Criminal Careers, plus new, elaborate Contact Missions with players operating as a sworn-in agent for the IAA and much more starting July 26. "The Criminal Enterprises also delivers highly requested experience improvements while giving players more choice in how they climb their way up the criminal ranks. Players will earn increased payouts across a range of gameplay, enjoy experience improvements and more — with new modes, vehicles, collectibles, and special events dropping all summer long, including new showroom floors where players can test drive or simply purchase a range of new vehicles on the spot." Rockstar Games has confirmed that the GTA Online 2022 Summer Update will also add new cars - including two new Imani Tech-eligible vehicles as well as new Tuner vehicles. Operation Paper Trail will also give players the chance to to go undercover. There will also be some other improvements which include... - Operating your businesses (including sales) in private sessions - Reducing the Oppressor Mk II's missile and countermeasure effectiveness - Increasing GTA$ payouts for Races, Heists and more