Dan Walker has responded after Lord Alan Sugar complained about seeing an all-women lineup of football commentators on the BBC. As the Apprentice host implied Ian Wright was a last minute booking when the BBC saw his angry outburst, Dan suggested Ian had actually been booked for “yonks”. In view of his 5.2million Twitter followers, Lord Sugar had taken credit for Ian Wright’s appearance on the BBC’s coverage of the Women’s Euros. “I was pleased to see my old mate Ian Wright was given the opportunity to commentate on the ladies game last night,” he tweeted. “I wonder if my earlier tweet below touched a nerve. Of course  BBC sport will say not at all, Ian was already lined up for it @IanWright0" [sic]. To this, former Football Focus presenter Dan replied: “Option 1: The BBC saw you tweet and decided to use Wrighty [blushing emoji]. “Option 2: He has already worked on the tournament and was booked in yonks ago [tick emoji]. “In response to your earlier tweet about commentators… may I humbly refer you to the work of Jonathan Pearce”. He signed off: “Enjoy the sunshine”. Ian also cuttingly responded to Lord Sugar, posting a video in view of his 2.1million followers revealing he had been booked a whole year in advance. “In your mind, you actually thought after you sent that tweet that the BBC phoned me up – never mind the fact that we’ve been ready to do this for a year, I’ve been booked for a year – you genuinely think that they called me up and said, ‘Ian, you’ve got to get back from Germany ASAP,’” he said. “‘Alan Sugar’s tweeted and we can’t upset him. We need to get you on’? “You genuinely believe that that happened? Because I need to know, because that says to me that your ego is totally out of control. “Where’s the people around you to hug you, bro?” DON'T MISS...'Do miss each other' Pauline Collins on being 'separated' from husband [ADMISSION]Lily James, 33, looks unrecognisable in stunning gothic transformation [PICTURES]Daniel Craig and Rachel Weisz's gesture to 'protect their marriage' [INSIGHT] Amstrad mogul Alan had sparked fury when he moaned about seeing too many female commentators at the Women’s Euros. He tweeted earlier this week: “I am watching the women football and notice that ALL the comentators are women. I also note when mens football is on there is a symobilic female comentator to cover the broadcasters a**e. “Should I complain there should me a male commentator in women's football [sic].” He was instantly shut down by Gabby Logan, who wrote: “We have plenty of men working on this tournament Lord Sugar, don’t fret you’re not being eradicated.” Kevin told Gabby: “Lord sugar does make a very good point in all fairness”. Gabby shot back: “As I say Kevin, plenty of jobs for the lads…..Jonas Eidevall was in the studio for the first England match and he and Ian Wright are doing Monday’s England game and I think you’ll find it’s the very essence of masculinity JP on comms tonight.” Phil tweeted Gabby saying: “Give them a microphone then”. Gabby retorted: “Funnily enough that is  exactly the thing that was gripped by Jonathan Pearce’s very male hand when he commentated last night, at the exact time your Lordships tweet appeared”.