Royal commentator Julie Bindel has defended the Duchess of Cornwall from attacks over her affair with Prince Charles which led to the collapse of the royal's marriage to Princess Diana in the 1990s. Ms Bindel debated with Good Morning Britain hosts Sussan Reid and Ed Balls about the public views of Camilla and argued that negative views of the Duchess often developed out of "sexism" and unfair comparison with the "perfect princess Diana." Ms Bindel told GMB: "[It] is actually about sexism most of it in my view. "Blaming a woman for the affair that a man has. "Of course, Diana was a victim she was railroaded into an arranged marriage, it was appalling what happened to her. "This is not down to Camilla, Camilla is someone who takes her charitable work very seriously as Diana did."  "But Camilla actually advocates for more shall we say more stigmatised issues such as rape, sexual assault, domestic abuse and everyone I know that has met her and I have been feminist campaigning to end rape and domestic violence for over four decades. "All of those who have met her who have worked with her in this field say that she is genuine that she is an extremely approachable person, that she really cares. "I think now we can really stop thinking of her as the wicked stepmother in the fairytale where Diana was the princess." "And stop this sexist approach to comparing women, where on the one hand you have conventionally beautiful Diana and on the other hand someone who has been called horsey and scruffy and talked about in terms of her appearance."  The Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall have topped Tatler's Social Power Index in 2022. Royal couple Charles and Camilla - a future king and queen - were revealed as securing first place in the annual list which is described by the magazine as showing "where the real power lies in British society". The prince and the duchess came ahead of Coleen and Wayne Rooney who were placed second for their "dashing display in the riveting Wagatha Christie case". Tatler said of Charles and Camilla: "It's been a year that's seen the royal couple's popularity rise further than ever. It comes as the Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall topped Tatler's Social Power Index in 2022. Royal couple Charles and Camilla - a future king and queen - were revealed as securing first place in the annual list which is described by the magazine as showing "where the real power lies in British society". The prince and the duchess came ahead of Coleen and Wayne Rooney who were placed second for their "dashing display in the riveting Wagatha Christie case". Tatler said of Charles and Camilla: "It's been a year that's seen the royal couple's popularity rise further than ever. DON'T MISS Royal Family LIVE: Prince Harry poised to deliver MAJOR speech [BLOG]Meghan Markle and Prince Harry's hidden NY teaser show shelved [INFO]Owen Jones demands royals face up to Prince Harry's 'messy' memoir [CLAIM] "The Prince of Wales - adorned with medals - opened Parliament for the first time in lieu of the Queen and delivered the reading of her speech. "Her Majesty also confirmed earlier in the year that when Charles, 73, becomes king, Camilla, 74, will have the title of queen consort." Others in the top 10 included the Marquess and Marchioness of Bath in fourth place, and designer Erdem Moralioglu, whose clothes have been worn by the Duchess of Cambridge, in seventh place with his architect husband Philip Joseph. Notable entries in the full list, which after the top 10 is not ranked in order, were US Open champion Emma Raducanu, rugby star Maro Itoje, England forward Raheem Sterling and his girlfriend Paige Milian.