Wimbledon’s royal box is full of British athletes and Olympians for the third round on Saturday as is often the case in the tournament’s middle weekend. But the likes of Tom Daley and Gareth Southgate won’t be able to watch their compatriots after Katie Boulter and Liam Broady were shunned from Centre Court. Four Brits made it to the third round at Wimbledon this year, and Cam Norrie and Heather Watson have already booked their places in the second week after winning on Centre Court and Court 1 respectively yesterday. Boulter attempted to join them but crashed out in just 51 minutes to Serena Williams conqueror Harmony Tan when she was snubbed from the two main showcourts and relegated to Court 2 at 11am. It means the likes of Daley have been left unable to cheer on their home hopes, with Broady scheduled first on Court 1 to face Boulter’s boyfriend Alex De Minaur. The tournament’s scheduling decision sent shockwaves around the tennis world when the order of play was released on Friday and now seems even more confusing given the number of British athletes lining the royal box at Centre Court today. Joining Daley in the list of British Olympians being given the honour of watching on from the Royal Box is Joseph Choong, Tom Dean, Jennifer Dodds, Hailey Duff, Kate French, Eilidh McIntyre, Eve Muirhead, Adam Peaty, Bethany Shriever, Mili Smith, Max Whitlock and Galal Yafai. JUST IN: Boulter's reason for skipping boyfriend De Minaur's Wimbledon clash   And there is also a star-studded line-up of Paralympians including Natasha Baker, Hannah Cockroft, Sir Lee Pearson, Neil Simpson and Dame Sarah Storey. Gareth Southgate is also in the box with his wife Alison a year after leading England to the Euros final. But they were not given the chance to cheer on Boulter, who is already out of the tournament, or Broady in what has been the first third-round showing for both players. Tournament organisers will already likely be regretting their decision to shun Boulter after her stunning second-round win over last year’s finalist Karolina Pliskova, with the 25-year-old winning just two games in a 51-minute beatdown. DON'T MISSMcEnroe and Henman in full agreement over Raducanu break suggestionLiam Broady sister says star watches 'Love Island every night’Katie Boulter wows in cosy pics with tennis star beau Alex De Minaur    The pack of British athletes will instead be watching young American stars Coco Gauff and Amanda Anisimova face off before furth seed Paula Badosa meets two-time champion Petra Kvitova. And Rafael Nadal will round out the day’s play on Centre Court against 27th seed Lorenzo Sonego. Saturday’s scheduling decisions also caused controversy with a blockbuster clash between Nick Kyrgios and Stefanos Tsitsipas put on Court 1 instead of Centre. They will be last up after Broady faces De Minaur and WTA world No 1 Iga Swiatek plays Alize Cornet - another confusing decision as an earlier start would have allowed the match to air in a prime-time Saturday night slot in Australia for Kyrgios’ home fans. 