This week, the Duchess of Sussex joined Prince Harry at the event in New York, where the Duke gave a speech to honour Nelson Mandela. There were many special moments for the couple during the event, including Harry declaring Meghan his “soulmate”. But for royal fans there was one simple act of kindness by Meghan that stood out above the rest.  In a clip shared on social media, the Sussexes were listening to one of the key-note speeches. Suddenly, a woman in the row behind them started coughing. Without hesitating, Meghan reached over and offered her a bottle of water. @raniofjustice shared the video, tweeting: “To offer your bottle of water to another woman who is coughing tells me more of Duchess Meghan's character, than any hit piece book written about her.” Another branded the move “an act of human kindness”.  @debrazen_hussy also shared the moment, saying of Meghan: “Always kind and caring”. Another added: “The people’s Duchess. Always so aware of other people’s needs.” During his speech at the UN, Harry condemned the US Supreme Court’s decision to strike down the Roe v Wade ruling and called it the “rolling back of constitutional rights”. He said: “From the horrific war in Ukraine to the rolling back of constitutional rights here in the United States, we are witnessing a global assault on democracy and freedom.” In a heart-wrenching moment, the Duke revealed when he realised Meghan was his “soulmate”, and where he felt the “closest” to his late mother, Princess Diana. He said: “Since I first visited Africa at 13 years old, I’ve always found hope on the continent.  READ MORE: Fans slam Meghan for Harry's damaged 'bond' with Prince George [REVEAL] “In fact, for most of my life, it has been my lifeline, a place where I have found peace and healing time and time again. It’s where I’ve felt closest to my mother and sought solace after she died, and where I knew I had found a soulmate in my wife.” The Prince’s memoirs were expected to be published this year by Penguin Random House. However, after they didn’t appear on the publisher’s list of Autumn books, many speculated that the much-anticipated book had been delayed. One biography-writing expert told Express.co.uk that this may be due to emotional revelations within the book that Harry would have wanted to be sure were written just right. 