Tottenham are still very much active in this summer's transfer window with Nicolo Zaniolo seemingly next on Antonio Conte's wishlist and the club have reportedly made seven players available to leave to help raise around £120million. Tottenham have already spent close to £100m on bringing in Richarlison, Yves Bissouma and Djed Spence while Ivan Perisic and Fraser Forster have joined as free agents along with a loan deal for Clement Lenglet. The six new arrivals immediately improves Conte's strength in depth for his squad, but there are still big plans to move on some of those on the fringes. According to The Guardian, Tottenham have made seven players available for transfer in a bid to raise funds before the end of the window. Several may leave on loan deals, but if all depart permanently then Tottenham could be set to fetch around £120m. Tanguy Ndombele and Emerson Royal would fetch the highest price with the pair valued at £27m and £22.5m on transfermarkt. Midfield duo Harry Winks (£13.5m) and Giovano Lo Celso (19.8m) are also expected to leave in search for regular football elsewhere. Matt Doherty (10.8m) may also move on following Spence's arrival from Middlesbrough.  And the future of Bryan Gil (£16.2m) looks increasingly likely to be away from north London following an unsuccessful debut campaign. Tottenham will have to take a hit on the fees they paid for Gil, Lo Celso, Doherty and Ndombele over the past few years. But raising around £120m would add to the £31.8m that has come in from the sales of Steven Bergwijn and Cameron Carter-Vickers. That would balance the books at Tottenham and leave money spare to go after Zaniolo.  The 23-year-old is regarded as one of Italy's brightest young talents and helped Roma win the inaugural Europa Conference League with the only goal of the final against Feyenord last year. While predominantly operating as an attacking midfielder, Zaniolo has proven his versatility to also play out wide if needed. The Italy international has just two years remaining on his current contract and looks set to leave this summer. Tottenham and Juventus have currently expressed the most interest, but it's been indicated Spurs will need to sell first. If Tottenham are able to raise the funds necessary then Conte may well get his final transfer wish heading into the new campaign. And their business this summer has already seen Tottenham tipped to challenge Manchester City and Liverpool at the top of the table.