Google is offering a great freebie with its Pixel 6a range with the Android maker giving away a free pair of Pixel Buds A for a limited-time only. This money-saving deal, which offers a freebie worth £99, was launched in the run-up to the Pixel 6a release date this week. Express.co.uk went hands-on with the new budget Android phone ahead of its launch, and if you want to know what we think you can read our full Pixel 6a review here. The money-saving free Pixel Buds deal can be picked up from Amazon UK if you're purchasing a Pixel 6a SIM-free, and it's also available when you get a Pixel 6a with a contract from the likes of EE and Three. If you like the sound of this deal you need to act quickly though - the official Google Pixel 6a website says the offer runs out at midnight on Monday, August 1. The Pixel 6a and free Pixel Buds are available from the Amazon UK website for £399. You can choose to get the Pixel Buds A in all white colour or in the olive colour scheme. While the handset is available from Amazon UK in all three colour schemes - charcoal, sage and chalk. EE also has all of these Pixel 6a colour schemes available, but only the white pair of Pixel Buds A. A range of Pixel 6a plans are available at EE but the best-selling package costs £33 a month and requires a £30 upfront payment. This plan, which runs for 24 months, offers 10GB of monthly 5G data, unlimited texts and minutes as well as six months of Apple Music for free. The Pixel 6a shares a number of key things in common with its elder sibling, the Pixel 6, which launched last year. Both phones feature the same eye-catching design, with both the 6a and Pixel 6 boasting similar rectangular camera bumps on the rear as well as a two tone colour scheme on the back panel. These two handsets are also powered by the Tensor chip - Google's first ever custom-made silicon. You'll also find Android 12 loaded on both on these devices as standard. There are, however, a number of key differences between these devices - besides the Pixel 6 being £200 more than the 6a. The 6a is a smaller handset, with a 6.1inch display as opposed to the Pixel 6's 6.4inch screen. Both screens are OLED displays but the Pixel 6a's display has a refresh rate of 60Hz compared to the Pixel 6's 90Hz. Elsewhere, the Pixel 6 has more RAM than the 6a and supports fast charging while the 6a doesn't. The Pixel 6 also has a more powerful main sensor on the rear camera, but both phones have a dual-sensor camera set-up. Both phones also come with 128GB of onboard storage.