Rafael Nadal refused to answer any questions over the strapping seen on his stomach, admitting that he's growing "tired" of speaking about physical issues to his body. The Spaniard came through a potential banana skin fourth-round clash with Botic van de Zandschulp in straight sets on Monday evening. Other than the Dutchman breaking and forcing a tiebreak in the third set, Nadal progressed through to his eighth Wimbledon quarter finals with relative ease. His run at Wimbledon comes just weeks after his triumph at the French Open to clinch his 22th Grand Slam title. But Roland Garros also saw Nadal required to take multiple injections to help ease the pain in his troublesome left foot. The 36-year-old took time off in between the two majors to recover and has returned to Wimbledon for the first time since 2019 after skipping last year's tournament. After coming through tricky contests against Francisco Cerundolo and Ricardas Berankis, Nadal looked back to top form in his match with Lorenzo Sonego. But Nadal also dropped a bombshell in the first week of the tournament that he came close to retiring after his French Open win due to his physical issues. JUST IN: Nadal remembers 'emotional moment' alongside Federer at Wimbledon  That mindset has changed since arriving at Wimbledon though and he appears fed up with questions regarding his fitness now. Speaking in his post-match presser after beating Van de Zandschulp, Nadal was asked about some strapping seen on his stomach. But he refused to give any details on what the tape was there for and whether it was a concern moving forward. DON'T MISS  "In the other hand I am a little bit tired to talk about my body," Nadal said. "It's not about that I don't want to answer your question, but in the same time sometimes I am tired about myself, all the issues that I am having. "I prefer to not talk about that now. Sorry for that. But I am in the middle of the tournament and I have to keep going, no? "All respect for the rest of the opponents. I am just trying my best every single day. "For the moment I am healthy enough to keep going and fight for the things that I want."