A senior royal source opened up last month on the "very emotional" meeting between Lili and her grandfather Charles, which took place during the extended Platinum Jubilee bank holiday weekend. Speaking as Clarence House was presenting the Prince of Wales and Duchess of Cornwall' financial report for April 2021-2022, the source said: "It was fantastic to see them. "It was wonderful to have them back in Britain. "The prince and the duchess were absolutely thrilled to see them. "The prince, of course, hasn’t seen his grandson Archie for a bit of time and so it was very, very, very special to have some time with him. "He hadn’t met Lili, his granddaughter, and so to meet her was very emotional, a very, very wonderful thing." Lili, who travelled to the UK for the first time last month, also celebrated her first birthday in the country. To mark the special milestone, Meghan and Prince Harry invited close friends and family to a private garden party, during which photographer Misan Harriman also took a picture of the tot which was released by the Sussexes a few days later. Lili, Archie and their parents' stay in the UK was brief, as they arrived the day before the bank holiday weekend began and flew back to California on June 5, before the end of the celebrations for the Queen's 70 years on the throne. Lili and Charles's meeting took place after the Duchess of Sussex had the time to develop a unique relationship with the Prince of Wales. READ MORE: Duchess of Kent 'deeply hurt' after request refused by Wimbledon chief Prince Charles was ready to support Meghan and Harry during a difficult time for the Duchess in 2018, when he agreed on walking the Duchess down the aisle on her wedding day after her father could no longer travel across the pond due to health issues. On May 19 that year, Meghan walked alone inside St George's Chapel on the grounds of Windsor Castle. But she was met halfway through the nave by the Prince of Wales, who walked with her to the altar. The touching moment was recalled during the BBC documentary released in 2018 for the heir to the throne's 70th birthday. Appearing in the film, Prince Harry said: "I asked him to and I think he knew it was coming and he immediately said, ‘Yes, of course, I’ll do whatever Meghan needs and I’m here to support you'. "For him that’s a fantastic opportunity to step up and be that support, and you know he’s our father so of course he’s gonna be there for us. "Just because he's my father that doesn't mean I can just sort of go, 'Okay, that's all, I'll take it from here." During the wedding ceremony, Harry was spotted saying "thank you, pa" to his father after he arrived with Meghan. Commentators at the time described Charles's decision to walk Meghan down the aisle as a very significant moment as he was symbolically welcoming the former actress into the Royal Family. On the day of the Sussexes' wedding, Charles also appeared to be very supportive of Meghan's mother, Doria Ragland. The prince was caught on camera taking Ms Ragland by the hand as they were heading to sign the registry. After the service ended, Charles and Camilla were also seen chatting amiably with the mother of the bride. Another sign of the special bond between Charles and Meghan could be found in the nickname the prince reportedly gave his daughter-in-law. Appearing on Lorraine in 2019, royal commentator Russell Myers said Charles had nicknamed Meghan "Tungsten", as much like the metal she is "tough and unbending". While Prince Harry said in his interview with Oprah Winfrey in early 2021 the relationship with his father had become more complicated in recent years, Meghan never publicly criticised the Prince of Wales.