John McEnroe believes that he is one of the few people who may be able to coach Nick Kyrgios following the Australian’s Wimbledon final defeat to Novak Djokovic. The American pundit was renowned for his outbursts on the court in a similar way to Kyrgios, who repeatedly shouted at his box, the Centre Court crowd and the umpire in Sunday's SW19 final. McEnroe claimed that Kyrgios could only be coached by a select few, but then ruled himself out of contention. "Who should coach Nick Kyrgios? John McEnroe of course but he's untouchable," the American told BBC Radio 5 Live Breakfast. “Anyway the guy doesn't need the coach, the guy is a genius out there the way he plays. He needs Sigmund Freud to come out of the grave and somehow figure out a way to keep this guy going for a couple of years because we could use him. "I get a lot of what's going on here more than most people. He's a good kid, the players like him, he's well liked in the locker room, he does a lot of charity work. But he's got demons you know, in a way - we all have this fear of failure and it's a question of how you best deal with it. DON'T MISS: Wimbledon LIVE: Sue Barker rejected new BBC contract as Novak Djokovic's wife left furious "You know he's sitting there and he's obviously tortured in certain ways. [He's] unbelievably talented, very smart. [He's] a hell of a player when he wants to be and so you want to nurture that in a way as an ex-player, as a father, as a fan, as a commentator, so I can relate a lot." Kyrgios frequently vented his frustration to his own box during his 4-6 6-3 6-4 7-6(3) defeat to Djokovic, forced the BBC into repeatedly apologising for his swearing and asked the umpire to remove a fan who he claimed “looked like she had about 700 drinks”, and was talking to him during the match.  "Most of what he does, I like," McEnroe said. "How do you think his box feels when he's screaming at them? Those are the people that love him most right? "Unfortunately, the people that you love most you take it out on, because you feel closest to them. I think we can all relate to that. But if it wasn't so sad it would be funny in a way. So that part, hopefully he would look at and go, 'I don't need to do that to my dad or my girlfriend'." When asked if he needed to improve his composure after losing to Djokovic, Kyrgios took aim at the rest of the draw. "I think the other 126 players in the draw could improve their composure," he said. "I feel like that was a bit of a dig, but I feel like everyone in the draw can improve something."