The MP shared the video this morning on Twitter, writing: "Our leadership has to change. It needs to become a little less about the leader and a lot more about the ship." The three-minute-long video talks about the values of the country, highlighting freedom, fairness, courage and compassion. The video then goes on to say the Conservative Party are the "most successful party in our nation's history", stating that they "more often reflect its values". It features clips from around the nation, with Captain Tom Moore, Boris Johnson, and other notable figures making an appearance. The video then goes on to encourage the public to choose their leader "not because you agree with everything you say, choose them because you trust their motives". Before ending with a voiceover from Penny Mordaunt, rounding it off with "I'm ready to serve as the next leader of the Conservative Party". The video noticeably separated the MP from the personality-driven leadership of Boris Johnson, as Mordaunt chose not to appear in the video or do the voiceover. Instead, the video featured heartwarming clips from across the nation, including scenes from football matches, athletic competitions, and the army. Sebastian Payne, an editor at the Financial Times, shared an image on Twitter appearing to show Mordaunt's leadership domain being registered in 2019 when Theresa May was still Prime Minister. He wrote: "Penny Mordaunt's leadership domain http://pm4pm.com was registered back in May 2019 when Theresa May was still prime minister and she was defence secretary." READ MORE: Cost-of-living crisis forces families out of the countryside - Poll The video received compliments from some, with one user writing: "Wow very impressive video." Another added: "Well done Penny - you are just what we need!" But she was also hit with criticism, with Femi Oluwole, a writer, responding: "Are you being sarcastic? You say we need new leadership... But your video DOESN'T include honesty in its list of British values... "Then points to Boris Johnson dishonestly promoting an economically crippling Brexit as the BEST example of your values having an impact on the UK." DON'T MISS:Meghan Markle's 'ultimate goal' could be scuppered [INSIGHT]Tough decision now is who fills Boris’s shoes - EXPRESS COMMENT [COMMENT]Boris's successor MUST be another Brexiteer, says MARK FRANCOIS [OPINION] Her bid was also backed by former minister George Freeman. Writing for CapX, Freeman backed Ms Mordaunt for leader: "It’s time to end the division and embrace a one-nation conservatism of unity, prosperity and security," he said. "In this platinum jubilee year, we need a Prime Minister committed to national renewal in the spirit of the Jubilee we celebrated last month. I believe Penny Mordaunt is dazzlingly well equipped to be the change we urgently need." 