A Place in the Sun viewers sometimes struggle to understand why a particular couple have rejected a property that seems to offer them everything on their wish list while Channel 4 presenter Ben Hillman can often be seen grilling the house hunters on whether their priorities have changed throughout the search. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Ben explained why it may seem like the guests have unexpectedly rejected a property. Ben opened up about the filming process as he detailed his first meetings with the guests. He said: “I think one of the funniest things is when I first meet our house hunters on a Sunday night we have a little get-together and they get to know the team. “They talk about how much they love the show but also how frustrated they get when they watch the show sometimes. “They think, ‘What are you doing? Why aren’t you going for that house?’” Read more: A Place in the Sun's Ben Hillman on post-Brexit change to emigrating “'You wanted the outside space’ or whatever it happens to be and they always have a laugh that they’re throwing stuff at the TV and getting frustrated,” he continued. “And then during the filming process, they go, ‘Oh, no, I've become that person. “'People are gonna shout to me. I can't believe I am that person.’ “But the thing is, that property searching process is such a personal thing, it’s such an emotional thing for lots of people.” Ben explained: “You can't always quantify and qualify why something isn't working. “It's hard to verbalise sometimes and when people can't sort of express that it looks like they're just writing a property off for no good reason and that's why people get frustrated at it I think.” Elsewhere, Ben discussed the changes he has seen regarding Brits buying property in Europe post-Brexit. He explained: “A holiday home is a holiday home that will never change. DON'T MISSA Place in the Sun's Ben Hillman details what viewers don't see [EXCLUSIVE]A Place in the Sun's Ben Hillman details show struggles 'Get it wrong' [INTERVIEW]Ben Hillman wife: Is the A Place in the Sun star married? [INSIGHT] “Within reason, you can buy anywhere around the world and have a holiday home. “When it comes to living abroad permanently there's definitely more hurdles in the way now in terms of making that happen and I won't go into the details of that because I don't know them entirely. “When it comes to healthcare and pensions and whatnot and reciprocal agreements between the countries that all needs to be thrashed out still.” Ben predicted Spain will “push for several agreements” to make it easier for Brits to live there. The Channel 4 presenter warned moving abroad is a “long process” but “doable”. “I think over time things will become easier,” he remarked. He also pointed out that those willing to buy a property over €500,000 are entitled to Spain’s golden visa. A Place in the Sun airs on Channel 4 on weekdays at 4pm.