The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's security arrangements have sparked concern from Russell Myers after a video was uploaded onto Youtube last month showing Prince William challenging a photographer back in 2021. The footage which has since been removed appears to show the Cambridges confronting a member of the paparazzi who had been the following the family while they were out for a bike ride in Sandringham, Norfolk. Mr Myers told True Royalty TV's The Royal Beat: "The thing that really struck me, to be honest, is the fact that there took so long for the protection officers to get there. "It was a real big concern for me because they are very they are left alone by the British press. "There is an agreement that they have a degree of privacy [..] the children won't be bothered unless there's instances that they've been invited to and yet there is still this sort of window of opportunity for people who behave unscrupulously to photograph them at their home or in their private time at Anmer. He added: "There is a market for it, unfortunately." It comes after leaked footage showed Prince William appearing to confront a photographer while out with his children, saying: "You came out here looking for us". "You drove past our house, I saw you," added the Duchess of Cambridge. "How dare you behave like you've done with my children," continued Prince William. "How dare you." The Duke added: "You were stalking around, you were looking for us and our children. "I'm out for a quiet bike ride with my children on a Saturday and you won't even give me your name. "You're outrageous. You're disgusting. You really are. "How dare you behave like that." DON'T MISS:  Kate sends Wimbledon crowd wild as she steps out to cheer [REVEAL] Will and Kate cheer on Norrie to glory in Wimbledon Royal Box [INSIGHT] David Walliams baffles fans with Wimbledon seats near Kate and William [SPOTLIGHT] "Thanks for ruining our day," William can be heard remarking. He then rings his security detail to report the "altercation" with the photographer. "You knew exactly what you were doing," the Duke tells the man. "I thought you guys had learnt by now."