Henrik Stenson has been officially dropped as the European Ryder Cup captain for 2023 over his imminent move to the LIV Golf rebel tour. Stenson, 46, is expected to sign for Greg Norman's venture this week in a deal worth around £40 million.  The sum involved appears staggering for a player who has missed seven on his last nine cuts in major championships. Subsequently, many critics have viewed the move as a direct attempt from Norman to deliberately disrupt the Ryder Cup, which will take place in Rome. And now Ryder Cup Europe have moved to get their retaliation in first. Before Stenson's move has been officially confirmed, they released the following statement: "Ryder Cup Europe today confirms that Henrik Stenson's tenure as captain of Team Europe for the 2023 Ryder Cup at Marco Simone Golf and Country Club in Rome, Italy, from September 25 - October 1, 2023, has been brought to an end with immediate effect. "In light of decisions made by Henrik in relation to his personal circumstances, it has become clear that he will not be able to fulfil certain contractual obligations to Ryder Cup Europe that he had committed to prior to his announcement as Captain on Tuesday March 15, 2022, and it is therefore not possible for him to continue in the role of Captain." JUST IN: Rory McIlroy confident after Open agony as Cam Smith refuses to rule out LIV Golf switch   The authority will now start the process of finding a replacement for the Swede, who won The Open Championship back in 2016: "Confirmation of the new 2023 European Ryder Cup Captain will be made in due course," they continued. "Ryder Cup Europe will be making no further comment on any aspect of the process until that time." Despite the aggressive move from Ryder Cup Europe, the saga undoubtedly represents another hammer blow to the event that has already been rocked by the Saudi-backed rebel tour. The likes of Lee Westwood, Sergio Garcia, and Ian Poulter, otherwise prime candidates to replace Stenson, are already ruled out having defected to LIV Golf. DON'T MISS:Open champion Cameron Smith comes good on Claret Jug beer pledge - 'How many fit'Open champion Cam Smith struggles with Claret Jug on public flight out of St AndrewsRory McIlroy copies Tiger Woods as Open bid ends in tears with chance to join icons missed   Dustin Johnson, who won a perfect five points from five for Team USA in Wisconsin last September, is another who will be absent having been one of the first big name stars to sign for Norman. Bryson DeChambeau and Brooks Koepka, also members of that victorious team, have followed suit. The third LIV Golf Invitational event takes place in Bedminster from July 29-31. Thus far, 45 of the 48 entries have been confirmed, with Stenson expected to be one of the three late reveals.