The Duchess of Cambridge, patron of the All England Lawn Tennis and Croquet Club, could be forced to congratulate Nick Kyrgios, who faces a charge of assaulting his ex-girlfriend, if he is triumphant after Rafael Nadal’s withdrawal from Wimbledon ahead of their semi-final clash.  The Australian has been handed a walkover into Sunday's final, where he will face either Novak Djokovic or Cameron Norrie. But Ephraim Hardcastle, writing for the Daily Mail, predicted he wouldn’t "get three kisses from the duchess” if triumphant. It comes after Wimbledon banned players from Russia and Belarus to “spare the blushes” of Kate.  “We can probably assume, if Kyrgios goes on to win the championship, he won't get three kisses from the duchess – as Roger Federer did when he last lifted the trophy in 2017.” Kyrgios's barrister Jason Moffett, from Key Chambers, told The Canberra Times the tennis ace was aware of the allegations, which were "in the context of a domestic relationship". He said: "The nature of the allegation is serious, and Mr Kyrgios takes the allegation very seriously.  READ MORE: Kate and William 'itching' to return to beloved location "Given the matter is before the court... he doesn't have a comment at this stage, but in the fullness of time we'll issue a media release." Tennis enthusiast Kate surprised royal fans back in 2017 when she broke with protocol to give Roger Federer three kisses after his Wimbledon win. Kate cheered on Federer to win his record eighth men’s Wimbledon title against Croatian Marin Cilic.  DON'T MISS  Royal Family LIVE: Harry to launch ANOTHER British lawsuit [BLOG]Kate 'just like any other Mum' as Duchess 'really blends in' [OPINION]Kate shows off photography skills with intimate behind the scenes snap [PICTURES] The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge congratulated the champion, and the Duchess shocked royal fans by giving Federer not one, not two, but three kisses after he made tennis history. The Australian has been handed a walkover into Sunday's final, where he will face either Novak Djokovic or Cameron Norrie. But Ephraim Hardcastle, writing for the Daily Mail, predicted he wouldn’t "get three kisses from the duchess” if triumphant. It comes after Wimbledon banned players from Russia and Belarus to “spare the blushes” of Kate. Kate took on the baton from the Queen in 2016, and the monarch held the position for 64 years.  The mother-of-three previously opened up about how Wimbledon was a very important event in her household growing up. Starring on BBC documentary Sue Barker: Our Wimbledon, she said: "I have watched Wimbledon, that was very much part of my growing up. "It's such a quintessential part of the English summer, and I think it really inspires youngsters, myself, it inspired me, when I was younger to get involved in the game. It hasn't changed either, I think that's what's so wonderful."