As one of the most accomplished Hollywood actors, Tim Allen has become a household name over the years. He has starred in big movies such as Toy Story, Galaxy Quest, Wild Hogs and blockbuster franchise Santa Clause. And at 69 years old, he looks good for his age, too. But what does he do to stay trim? During his career, his weight appeared to have fluctuated, with some becoming concerned over his wellbeing. In 1994, the actor starred in the highest-grossing film, The Santa Clause. Fans were stunned by his new appearance, not only as the jolly fella with the beard, but by his weight, too. Pictures arose of him looking more prominent both on set and off, which fuelled rumours of health issues. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake But it's not uncommon for actors to lose and gain weight to get into their characters. Many began to wonder if he had taken method acting to the next level in his portrayal. It was reported at the time that he gained over 100lb (7st) to look the part for the iconic role of father Christmas. But unlike his on-screen alter-ego, Tim is actually very conscious of his body and health as a whole. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] Before trying his hand - and succeeding - at acting, he wanted to be a personal trainer. His passion or fitness led him to release a home workout DVD during the 1980s, where he shared his top tips and techniques with his fans. He also continues to publish new workouts on social media, where he's explained how much he works out and how important it is to not only stay physically healthy, but mentally too. He credits his weight loss and upkeep of his own body to combining cardio and weight training. READ MORE: Michael Mosley weight loss: Remove three foods to stay slim The actor still has a personal trainer, after admitting he doesn't want to rely on special effects to make himself look slimmer or younger in films. "I do have a personal trainer who keeps me in shape with a combination of weights and cardio," he said. "I personally think true results come from consistency, discipline and a healthy fear of the actual trainer." In the early 2000s, Tim's workouts were so popular he decided to surprise fans with fitness related gifts. Following the release of the film, Santa Clause 2 in 2002, he said: "First, my weight loss is magic and I'm not allowed to explain it. "But I can tell you what I'm planning on giving this season. "A gym membership and sessions with a trainer -- trainers are great for friends who need that initial motivational push." Excess weight gain has been linked to other health risks, such as heart disease, hypertension, type 2 diabetes and even some cancers.