Outlander fans think they’ve spotted a clue in the series’ books that could mean the return of Aunt Jocasta during season seven. The character made a quick cameo in the last instalment but then vanished without a trace - until now. Fans of the historical drama have long awaited its return and they think new episodes may mean the return of some much-loved characters. Based on historical fantasy novels by American author Diana Gabaldon, the popular series next instalment will take inspiration from two of the books. A Breath of Snow and Ashes was the story behind the sixth season but it’s tipped the show’s returning run will move things forward to the plot of An Echo in the Bone. The revelation that the upcoming story will tie loose ends from the previous plot has got fans hoping this character will return. READ MORE: ‘Floundering’ Harry’s US ambitions savaged by Sharon Osbourne  Played by Maria Doyle Kennedy, viewers are desperate to see more of the beloved Aunt Jocasta Cameron. The character is the youngest sister of Ellen, Colum, and Dougal MacKenzie, and grew up with her siblings at Castle Leoch. A very skilled artist, not unlike her sister, Jocasta had to abandon her creative flair due to a gradual loss of sight. Throughout the course of the story, she married four men, the most recent of which was Duncan Innes. Relying on information from the books, fans think Jocasta’s part in Outlander is far from being over. Season six left breadcrumbs that point to the reappearance of Jocasta and her husband Duncan, and it seems to have a lot to do with gold. This mention of gold is likely linked to the French gold that is used as a plot throughout A Breath of Snow and Ashes. Fans believe the pair may be after the loot and will make their comeback in search of it. DON'T MISS... Outlander: Why was Oscar Kennedy replaced as Lord John Grey? [INSIGHT]Outlander's Caitlin O'Ryan admits she thought co-stars were a couple [INSIGHT]Outlander's Sam Heughan hailed by co-star in move away from Starz show [INSIGHT] Despite the glimpse of hope, it is certain Jocasta will leave the new series at some point considering she is not in the new story season seven will draw its inspiration from. Missing from An Echo in the Bone, it could mean viewers will see Jocasta’s part finally wrapped up in the early stages of the new run. In the books, Jocasta and Duncan have to leave River Run for Nova Scotia as they remain loyal as the Patriots take over. Catching sight of the character in season six delighted fans and they shared their enjoyment of the plot line on social media. User @WheezyT tweeted: “So excited to see the return of 2 of my favourite characters Lord John Gray and Jocasta.” Outlander shadows the story of Claire Randall (played by Caitriona Balfe), a married combat nurse from 1945 who mysteriously travels back in time to 1743. Thrown into an unknown world, the star finds herself in a life threatening situation and viewers watch as she fights to find a way out. Outlander season seven is currently in progress but fans can catch up on previous episodes on Starz.