Arsenal legend Ian Wright has spoken out on Tottenham's transfer business so far this summer - with the former England star claiming that Antonio Conte's men spending £90million 'makes him feel s**t'. The north London rivals intensely locked horns for the final Champions League spot last season, with the financial rewards on offer being a huge incentive to qualify for the top four and ultimately attract players of elite quality. That club was Tottenham, who finished two points ahead of the Gunners after taking 29 points from their final 39 to gazump their archenemies. Since then, the club have signed an exceptional array of players that includes Ivan Perisic, Yves Bissouma and Richarlison - much to the annoyance of the Emirates faithful. And Wright has spoken out on his envy of Conte's men, claiming that their deadlings have 'made him feel s**t'. "I feel Tottenham are going to cause problems," Wright envisaged on ‘Wrighty’s House’ podcast. "You can’t not be jealous of that summer, especially coming from the other side of north London. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez "They are frightening, man. Everything we are doing at Arsenal, and I am putting on as my armour. But we have done this. We have Vieira. We have two number 10s now. And we are still trying for [Youri] Tielemans. And we have Gabriel Jesus. So, you are trying to arm yourself because the Tottenham fans are saying ‘well, we have Bissouma now, Richarlison, [Harry] Kane, then Bentancur is going to kick in and we have seen what [Cristian] Romero is about'. "When you look at how Tottenham can flex when they are doing it under this manager, it kind of makes me feel s***." Fraser Forster has also joined the club, whilst Clement Lenglet is expected to join on loan from Barcelona over the coming days. It is a far cry from last season's underwhelming transfer window where Emerson Royal, Cristian Romero and Bryan Gil were the only major first-team signings. Gil was shipped out on loan to Valencia in January after an underwhelming start to life at Tottenham, whilst Royal largely failed to live up to his price tag. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen  Arsenal have signed Manchester City star Gabriel Jesus and Porto prodigy Fabio Vieira so far this window in a bid to bring a blend of talent and youth to the first-team, whilst Marquinhos and Matt Turner have also been signed as back-up. However, proceedings could have been much different had the Gunners qualified for the Champions League instead of Conte's side. Arsenal start their Premier League campaign away at Crystal Palace on August 5, whilst Tottenham kick off their season with a home tie against Southampton the following day. Both sides will be hoping that their new blockbuster signings will give them a dream start to the season.