Paddy McGuinness, 48, has sought help from his close friend Jamie Redknapp while searching for sporting goods for his children. The Max and Paddy star was looking to purchase shoes for his kids, and looked for advice from the footballing legend. Taking to Instagram with a short clip, the Phoenix Nights star was seen filming a shop worker carrying a huge stack of shoe boxes from the shop floor to the till for Paddy. Evidently impressed by the worker’s efforts, Paddy said behind the camera: “Look at this guy. Go on son! Love it.” As the retail worker walked to the checkout desk, Paddy said quietly: “Kids shoes. Sketchers are going,” as the shoe box at the top of the pile began to slide off. “I’ll have Jamie Redknapp on the phone, what’s going on?,” he joked, referencing Jamie’s campaign with Sketchers. READ MORE: Prince Harry's Nelson Mandela speech questioned by Piers Morgan The star then zoomed into the fallen box before the camera quickly cut out. Sharing the video with his 2 million followers, he gave a shout out to his Sports Direct worker and pal Jamie, 49. In the caption, he wrote: “Our three kids are going through growth spurts! “Two at 9 and one coming up for 6! Including their school shoes, PE and everyday footwear we’re up to 12 pairs!!!! "It’s times like this when my heart goes out to centipedes," Paddy quipped. Sharing his gratitude, he wrote: “Big up to the staff at @sportsdirectuk Macclesfield for helping me out. “That was a lot of packing near closing time on a Sunday. PS when you hooking me up @jamie.redknapp". It didn’t take long before Jamie jumped on to the comment section to tease Paddy about the fallen shoes. READ MORE... Jeremy Clarkson slams Naga Munchetty's six-figure BBC salary [INSIGHT]Hugh Grant breaks silence on link to Prince Andrew film adaptation [LATEST]Prince Harry’s friend JJ Chalmers spills on Archie during ‘dad chat' [NEWS] He wrote: “Pick those up sharpish big man! And get them in the bag". The post comes amid news of Paddy’s marriage woes with wife Christine McGuinness. Christine, 34, admitted to The Sun she felt “all over the place” and “raw” as she and Paddy go through a “very, very difficult time”. Former model Christine and Paddy first sparked concerns over their marriage when he failed to support her at The Games. Later, Christine took a solo trip, and cryptically discussed "following her heart". Being honest about the marriage, Christine said she’s not so willing to put up with what she once might have. She said: "What I might have put up with in the past, I probably wouldn’t put up with now, and the same for him." The couple have been together for 15 years and married for 11. They share three children, Penelope, Leo and Felicity together – all of whom have been diagnosed with autism.