Meghan Markle has been pushing forward to use her platform to lobby politicians. The Duchess of Sussex called Senators Shelley Moore Capito and Susan Collins on a withheld number about paid parental leave and a climate policy by the US Government. Royal expert Neil Sean has claimed Meghan's involvement in politics has left Prince Harry as a "house husband". Speaking on his YouTube channel, Mr Sean claimed: "As we've found out Meghan Markle says that she definitely will be going to Washington to support the causes that are close to her heart. "While she said previously that she doesn't demand or require a political career, it seems more and more that Meghan shines in the spotlight moving forward in a totally different avenue. "Prince Harry, the real royal, seems to be stepping back and becoming something of a househusband." Royal commentator Hilary Fordwich hit out at the Duchess of Sussex for getting involved in politics while using her title. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry warned 'the Firm wins' if new Oprah chat goes ahead  Speaking to Dan Abrams on Newsnation, Ms Fordwich said: "Prince Harry obviously can't control his wife because he knows very well you can't be a renegade royal over here in the US because you're breaking centuries of the royals staying out of politics. "Not just American politics, all politics." It has since been reported Meghan is expected to make more of these calls. Access Hollywood reported: "These won't be the only calls Meghan Markle makes. "Democratic Senator Kirsten Gillibrand from New York was the one that gave Meghan the numbers to the US Senators. "She wants to be part of a working group to work on paid leave long term and she's going to be. "Whether this comes to fruition now or later, she'll be part of a group of women that hopefully will work on paid leave together." DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry 'rethinking' Spotify deal after Obamas drop streaming [INSIGHT]Prince Andrew could lose royal home in Windsor once Charles is king [ANALYSIS]Meghan and Harry offered 'big pay deal' for Jubilee interview [VIDEO] Royal biographer Angela Levin has mocked Meghan Markle for "jumping on the bandwagon" after the Duchess lobbied the Democrat speaker of the US House of Representatives Nancy Pelosi and the Majority Leader in the US Senate Chuck Schumer to push through a policy on parental leave. Ms Levin claimed the measures, which have been backed by President Joe Biden, to introduce mandatory parental pay and sick leave had "already gone through" the US Congress. Speaking to TalkRADIO, Ms Levin said: "She's also trying to get a policy put through of parental leave, for the Government to pay parental leave, when it's already gone through actually. "The thing they haven't decided is how long each family can use it for." READ NEXT: Meghan and Harry forced Charles to shelve monarchy plansHarry and Meghan stuck in 'stalemate' with royalsMeghan's comments on Kate 'really damaging' for Harry and WilliamPrince Harry 'thinking of relinquishing title' - claimMeghan Markle 'hoped to reconcile with Kate' for children to bond