Writing on Twitter, Foreign policy expert James Jay Carafano tweeted, "British royalty is about selfless service. Meghan is, let’s be honest, part of a Hollywood self serving elite. What did people really expect?" Mr Carafano's tweet came in response to a remark from royal commentator Nile Gardiner, who said "Meghan Markle is no Princess Diana." This came after Tom Bower’s new book, "Revenge: Meghan, Harry and the War Between the Windsors", published on Sunday, claimed that Meghan wanted to be a Hollywood version of Prince Harry's late mother. According to the New York Post, he claimed that Meghan's fixation on Princess Diana started after the couple visited Australia in 2018 as part of a royal tour, where they were greeted with a huge reception from fans. Meghan has repeatedly been compared with Diana in the past, especially in the wake of the Sussexes' interview with Oprah Winfrey in 2020. Portuguese historian Lourenço Pereira Coutinho accused the Duchess of "playing the role of 21st-century princess Diana on camera." He said: "A few days ago, Meghan Markle gave an interview to Oprah Winfrey, the queen of North American talk shows, who served first of all to complain about her husband's family. "The scene had all the ingredients to move public opinion: the interviewee is a commoner African American woman that presented herself as the victim of an insensitive and dysfunctional family, who personifies an institution considered anachronistic. "With an air of sympathy and the support of her husband, actress Meghan Markle played the role of 21st-century princess Diana on camera. READ MORE: Meghan left Vanity Fair editor feeling 'manipulated' with 'demands'  "Like her mother-in-law, she was also bullied by the Windsors and the British press. "There is no better way to empathise with viewers than to suggest suffering similarities with an icon of global dimension." Meanwhile, body language expert Judi James described Meghan as being almost a "perfect copy" of Princess Diana. DON'T MISS: Kate and William's beloved dog Orla has special meaning after tragedy [ANALYSIS] Prince Harry's friends called him 'f***ing nuts' for dating Meghan [REVEAL] Meghan Markle 'is no victim' as Duchess 'ruthlessly' used royal title [INSIGHT] Speaking about the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's 2021 Christmas card, Ms James said: "The body language that Meghan uses with her baby here is an almost direct and perfect copy of a pose adopted by Diana with her own baby many years before. "Both women define themselves as loving, doting mothers with this pose and both allow their babies to be seen in a playful mood as they laugh and smile down at them." The expert added: "Both Meghan and Diana are seen in profile, leaning back to look up at their children as they raise them higher than their own heads." But Ms James pointed out one key difference between the two royals. She explained: "But, although Meghan’s head leans back onto the chest of the royal prince she so clearly loves and is loved by, Diana’s head is sadly supported by a cushion alone."