Before Queen took off, Brian May was working on his PhD in astrophysics at Imperial College, London. When the rock band’s popularity skyrocketed, the guitarist abandoned the doctorate, before returning to complete what he started and earning his degree decades later in 2007. The almost 75-year-old has continued to enthuse about astronomy alongside his music and enjoys combining his two passions. Earlier this year at Brian’s Another World album launch at the Royal Observatory in Greenwich, the star debuted a special new music video right at the end. The Queen legend had teamed up with 10cc’s Graham Gouldman on the new track Floating in Heaven in honour of the James Webb Space Telescope, which launched in December 2021. The successor to Hubble became fully operational this week and the first images of a galaxy with up to a trillion stars right after the Big Bang have been released by NASA. The new song was written and sung by Gouldman and features Brian on guitar and backing vocals as James Webb launches and sets off into space. Brian enthused: “There is nothing more exciting in a world of exploration than going to a place about which you know nothing. The sky's the limit for what we could find out.” On seeing the first image today, he added: “Comparing it with the already wonderful Hubble image of the same region, it's immediately apparent how stupendously our vision of the universe has been improved by the new space telescope. The fact that the telescope can see further back in time is one thing. The fact that they are now able to observe in infrared light instead of visible gives another advantage. And finally in this picture you see that they are able to use the giant gravitational lens which occupies the middle of [the] picture to see even further back in time.” READ MORE: Brian May tears up after watching childhood dream come true – WATCH The guitarist is also a science team collaborator with NASA’s New Horizons Pluto mission. He previously released his track New Horizons from NASA HQ on New Year’s Day 2019, marking the flyby of the distant object Ultima Thule. Brian's best-known space-related song is 39, which first appeared on Queen's 1975 album A Night At The Opera. Much like the plot of Christopher Nolan's Interstellar the story of the track follows a group of space explorers who return home after a year to find a century has passed on Earth. The star plays 39 on an acoustic guitar during Queen and Adam Lambert's tour set, which the band are currently performing in Europe. DON'T MISSBohemian Rhapsody: Freddie Mercury sister's ‘bizarre' reaction to Rami [BOHEMIAN RHAPSODY]Brian May ‘heartbroken’ Another World wasn't in Sliding Doors movie [ANOTHER WORLD]Brian May shares his ‘insanely optimistic’ new music video – WATCH [MUSIC VIDEO] On the James Webb Space Telescope's first image, NASA said: "The deepest, sharpest infrared image of the universe ever.⁣ President Biden previewed the very first image released from the James Webb Space Telescope, the world's most powerful space telescope. Capturing this was all in a day’s work. (Literally! Webb captured this image in less than a day, while similar images from Hubble can take weeks.) ⁣ If you held a grain of sand to the sky at arm’s length, that speck is the size of Webb’s view here. Imagine — galaxies galore within a grain! Why do some galaxies appear bent? The combined mass of this galaxy cluster acts as a 'gravitational lens', bending the light rays from more distant galaxies behind it, magnifying them. ⁣ This isn’t the farthest back we’ve seen. Non-infrared missions like COBE & WMAP saw the universe closer to the Big Bang (about 380,000 years after), when there was microwave background radiation, but no stars or galaxies. Webb sees a few 100 million years after." ⁣