Piers Morgan, 57, vented his frustrations on Twitter today after it was reported Boris Johnson will remain Prime Minister until the autumn. It comes after the Conservative leader has faced a wave of resignation letters from more than 50 MPs. Initial reports suggest he will remain in Number 10 for some months to allow a Conservative Party leadership contest to take place and this will determine the next Prime Minister of the UK. In view of his 7.9 million followers, Piers tweeted: "CONFIRMED: Boris Johnson resigning as Prime Minister, but wants to stay on until October until new leader is announced. "This seems preposterous - surely he has to go now?" The Uncensored host's comments sparked a wave of differing opinions as some social media users defended Boris. READ MORE: Anita Dobson reacts to critics after flashing legs distracts viewers Twitter user, @PxckedNath commented: "As a British citizen, I’m disgusted by all these comments towards Boris. In all my years as a British citizen I’ve never seen a PM better than Boris Johnson and I think he’s the best Prime Minister we’ve ever had. Back him and trust the process. We can still do this." @sovsewmac tweeted: "For a country who is so anti-bullying, we sure are good at it. Some more than others, yet support for it is paramount." @Meandmymonkey agreed: "Would that be right for the country - in this current climate. All of this is over class C non issues really compared to the challenges faced." @Jonsnow quizzed: "Why is he resigning?" @Eli_Kane wrote: "Don’t think I will ever be able to forgive the @Conservatives. I may well never vote again. What’s the point. Apparently you lot, decide who our Prime Minister is." However, others agreed with Piers' stance, as @Tracey tweeted: "I haven't been this happy since David Cameron packed his bags." @Musak wrote: "Nope. Should be effective immediately." @MickOughton commented: "Don't worry Piers. He's going." DON'T MISS... Anita Dobson reacts to critics after flashing legs distracts viewers[LATEST]Nicole Kidman plants kiss on husband Keith Urban amid 'awkward' walk[PICTURES]'See why few watch' Andrew Neil forced to switch off BBC's Newsnight[TV] @MarkPowell added: "Utterly ludicrous. He has to go today, with Raab as DPM running tbe show until new leader chosen." Mr Johnson has vowed to remain in office until the autumn to keep the wheels of government turning until a permanent successor can be appointed by his party. It comes after the government leader finally agreed to quit on Thursday morning following an avalanche of ministerial resignations and cabinet walkouts. Chancellor Rishi Sunak and Sajid Javid, the health secretary, both quit their roles on Tuesday. They both took swipes at Mr Johnson’s integrity, with Mr Javid saying that “the public rightly expect government to be conducted properly, competently and seriously". Despite insisting at PMQs that he will not leave Number 10 amid the mounting revolt against his leadership, Mr Johnson is standing down and a leadership contest will be held to decide his replacement. The 1922 Committee of backbench Conservative MPs will set the timetable for the contest. To take part in the race, a Tory MP has to be nominated by eight colleagues.