The Culture Secretary, who is backing Liz Truss for the Tory leadership, yesterday seized upon photos of the multi-millionaire former chancellor wearing a £3,500 suit and £490 Prada loafers. She claimed Ms Truss was more likely to be seen in a pair of £4.50 earrings from high street chain Claire’s. Ahead of last night’s BBC1 live television debate between the pair, Ms Dorries wrote on Twitter: “Liz Truss will be travelling the country wearing her earrings which cost circa £4.50 from Claire Accessories. “Meanwhile…Rishi visits Teesside in Prada shoes worth £450 and sported a £3,500 bespoke suit as he prepared for crunch leadership vote.” Mr Sunak was seen wearing a Henry Herbert suit, worth a reported £3,500. He has also faced mockery on social media after wearing suede Prada loafers on a visit to a construction site in Redcar. Ms Dorries comments provoked a backlash from Tory colleagues. Angela Richardson, Tory MP for Guildford and a supporter of Mr Sunak, reacted on Twitter by posting: “FFS (for f***’s sake) Nadine!” She also made clear she had “muted” the Culture Secretary to block any further tweets. Past interviews with Ms Dorries emerged on social media including a one in 2007 when she admitted to owning £6,000 diamond earrings. "I will wear cheaper clothes but there are things I will not compromise on, like my £6,000 diamond earrings," she said. In an interview in 2017, Ms Dorries described going on two big clothes shopping expeditions a year where she "probably spends over £1,000". Asked what the most expensive item in her wardrobe was, Ms Dorries said: "Probably some of my jewellery. I don't skimp on jewellery. I've designed some pieces myself at a bespoke jeweller. I saw some items in the window but I wanted them to look slightly different." She added: "I buy clothes at the start of each season, rather than monthly, so I do two big hits a year where I probably spend over £1,000. I buy almost everything on the internet, though. "You need to buy clothes at the beginning of the season when they start coming into store." Ms Dorries also revealed she had 20 to 30 pairs of heels all by Stuart Weitzman for Russell and Bromley.