On an episode of Homes Under the Hammer, Martel Maxwell was in Clifton near Penrith in Cumbria viewing a two-bedroom, mid-terrace. Located close to the Lake District, the dated property had potential to be turned into a holiday let. The property had an auction guide price of £40,000 in April 2021. The property was located on quite a busy road but had parking at the back. Martel said the property looked “a bit sad” and needed to be completely renovated. Beneath the window in the living room, there were signs of damp where the plaster had come away. The home also had gas central heating and had an old-fashioned water tank which needed to be replaced with a combi boiler. The bathroom was small but had enough room for a bath. The kitchen had “not been touched for ages” but was a good size. READ MORE: Where does the Duke of Kent live? Inside his ‘modest’ home Martel said: “What a difference a brand new kitchen would make here. You could have a breakfast bar - it could be wonderful.” Upstairs, there were two large bedrooms which desperately needed re-plastering. In the master bedroom, the plaster work crumbled from the ceiling down to the floor. In the second bedroom, the ceiling had come down and the loft could be seen through the hole. The damp patches around the ceiling could indicate a problem with the roof which would need to be looked at. DON'T MISSCommon mowing mistake could be ‘turning your lawn yellow’ [INSIGHT]‘Best course of action’ to naturally get rid of crabgrass from lawns [UPDATE]Pillow cleaning: Use £1 hack to ‘soak up moisture and odours’ [ANALYSIS] “It can be costly to fix,” Martel warned. At a remote auction in April 2021, gym owners Em and George snapped up the property with a successful bid of £79,500. The couple planned to completely gut the property and start again. They were eventually hoping to sell the home or turn it into a holiday let. The amateur property developers had a £20,000 budget and planned to complete the work in three to four months. Homes Under the Hammer returned one year later to see the couple’s progress. The outside of the house had a facelift and the roof was replaced, which from the outset was going to be one of the big jobs. Inside, they ripped everything out and started again. They turned the under stairs cupboard into a cute seating area, opposite the bathroom which had a stylish pink makeover. In the kitchen, they upcycled a secondhand kitchen suite. Upstairs they took out the low ceilings and replaced them with gorgeous vaulted ceilings. Outside they simply tidied up the backyard and added some seating but they intended to do more work here. The couple still planned to turn the property into a holiday let.  Despite their original plans, they went over their budget by £12,000, spending £32,000 on the complete refurb. A local estate agent said the property looked “unrecognisable” compared to when he viewed it previously. The agent said the property could command a price of £150 per night as a holiday let. If the property was put on the sales market, the agent said it could achieve an asking price of £180,000. The couple could make a potential pre-tax profit of £68,500. Homes Under the Hammer is available to stream on BBC iPlayer.