The incident took place shortly after 1pm on Saturday. Emergency services were called out to the Leeds tower block. An air ambulance attended the scene. The one-year-old was rushed to the hospital but was pronounced dead soon after. West Yorkshire Police said the incident is being treated as a "sudden unexpected death". It asked for people to respect the privacy of the boy's family. In a statement, the force said: "At 1.25pm on Saturday, July 2, police were contacted by the ambulance service who were attending Saville Green in Leeds where a child had fallen from the window of a flat. "The one-year-old boy was taken to hospital for emergency treatment but was pronounced dead a short time later. "The incident is being treated as a sudden unexpected death in childhood and we ask that people consider the family and respect their privacy at what is clearly a very difficult time for them." The force said they are investigating the circumstances of the boy's death and enquiries are ongoing. Less than six months ago, another home in Leeds was cordoned off after a child fell out of an open window. The 18-month-old reportedly fell from a first-floor window. The child was taken to hospital with injuries that were "not considered life-threatening". DON'T MISS: Minneapolis shooting: At least 5 gunned down in third July 4 rampage [REPORT] Nicola Sturgeon facing 'political suicide' over 'illegal' referendum [ANALYSIS] Brexit: China taunts UK over hated Bill as EU exit legacy damaged [INSIGHT] An ambulance was called to the scene in the afternoon on March 26. In a statement, West Yorkshire Police said: "At 3.09pm on Saturday, police were contacted by the ambulance service who were attending an address in Temple View Terrace, Leeds, where an 18-month old boy had been injured in a fall from a first-floor window. "The child was taken to hospital and is continuing to receive treatment for injuries that are not considered life-threatening. "Enquiries are ongoing into the incident but there are not believed to be any suspicious circumstances."