Daisy is best known for playing Amelia Spencer on Emmerdale, the niece of Dan Spencer (played by Liam Fox) and the daughter figure of Kerry Wyatt (Laura Norton). Over the past couple of years, the actress has featured in some hard-hitting storylines as her character becomes more mature. Although life is very different for her off-camera, the ITV soap star seems to have been hitting milestones in her life a lot quicker than her alter-ego. According to the world of the weeknight serial drama, Daisy's character Amelia is set to celebrate her 16th birthday next month. Having been born on August 31, 2006, the youngster is currently 15 years old but she is trying to act much older than she is. In real life, the soap star is actually going to be celebrating her 19th birthday in just a few weeks' time as she was born on July 28, 2003. This puts her just over three years older than her alter-ego, hence why the character looks a lot more grown-up for her age. The actress's 18th birthday, which she celebrated last summer, saw her mark the occasion alongside her family and friends. READ MORE: ‘I cheated!’ Blue Bloods’ Tom Selleck speaks out on avoiding injury Sharing the day with her 31,100 Instagram followers at the time, she showed them how the front room in her house had been redecorated to feature a flower wall and balloon arch. Donning a baby pink dress, Gucci heels and a birthday sash, Daisy's day continued by going out for a meal at The Biltmore Bar and Grill in York. The birthday celebrations continued as she went with her family to the North Yorkshire Coast where she enjoyed oysters at Whitby Bay. She also headed to Robin Hood's Bay before being given a birthday cake which was shaped as a heart and layered with icing. Finishing off the celebrations in style, the young woman went out to her first nightclubs with her friends in her hometown of Leeds. It is not yet known what plans the actress has in store to celebrate her 19th birthday at the end of the month but her character continues to dominate the focus of the soap. This is because Amelia is currently struggling with her appearance, making alterations to her body as she believes this will make her more attractive. The youngster has also developed an obsession with Noah Dingle (Jack Downham), despite the young man being arrested for stalking Chloe Harris (Jessica Elland). In this week's episodes of the weeknight serial drama, she does everything in her power to make sure she can see him in jail. She manages to fool the security guards she is actually Gabby Thomas (Rosie Bentham) but it won't be the happy reunion she is expecting. DON'T MISS...Lucy Pargeter struggled to breath for 11 years due to ‘toxic’ breasts [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Michelle Hardwick 'shocks' with unexpected career ambition [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Joanne Mitchell shares delight at playing 'baddy' Sandra [COMMENT] Earlier this year, the soap star spoke about her character's storyline and what it means to her to be taking it on 11 years after she joined the cast. Daisy explained: "I think Amelia really likes him but struggles to keep it on the down low because it’s kind of like her first proper crush. "I think it’s the same for any teenager when they feel this way about someone – she is really determined to get with this boy, to have him all to herself. "She feels really confident around him and pushes herself to flirt so she doesn’t come across as a shy girl. She’s quite young. "She’s 15, she wasn’t interested in boys until now but with Noah, she is really interested," the actress said in an interview with Metro.co.uk. Teasing what was ahead for her character, the youngster added: "I can’t say too much but it is going to be one of my favourite stories in the end. "There is a lot coming up for Amelia, a lot more than before, we will see her growing up and she might well be hurt along the way. "I feel so lucky and grateful to have the opportunity for this story. Whenever they give me something like this I feel lucky. "I love that all of the teens are working together again, it’s great to work with people are all the similar age," she continued. It has been a case of growing up in front of the camera for Daisy as when she joined the show in 2011, she was seven years old. From a very early age, it was clear the young woman has talent as she found herself entering a performing arts school. She managed to secure her role at Emmerdale after attending the Scala School of Performing Arts and attending Rebel Acting School. Daisy isn't the only talented sibling as her younger brother, Finley, has also featured in some Sainsbury's television adverts before. The soap star's sister Rhona is also a National Dance Champion but there is no sign of either of them joining the cast yet. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.