Manchester United are willing to wait when it comes to signing Antony and Frenkie de Jong this summer. Erik ten Hag wants the duo and is even prepared to wait until transfer deadline day, such is his determination to further bolster his squad. And history, it seems, looks set to repeat itself. Manchester United want De Jong. That’s something that’s been extremely well-documented in recent months, with the player previously playing under Ten Hag at Ajax. Though De Jong is reluctant to leave Barcelona, the Red Devils won’t throw in the towel just yet. Ten Hag is prepared to bide his time, and make do without for the time being, as he looks a world-class replacement for Paul Pogba. And Antony is also on the Dutchman’s wishlist, too. The Brazil international scored eight goals and clocked up four assists from 23 Eredivisie matches last term, enhancing his reputation as one of the best young forwards on the planet. And, like with De Jong, United are prepared to wait as they look to haggle on Ajax’s eye-watering £70million asking price. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative History, therefore, could be about to repeat itself. United have left it late in previous years, particularly in the years since Sir Alex Ferguson walked away from the dugout in 2013. That same year, David Moyes took charge. He wanted Cesc Fabregas to be a major part of his Old Trafford rebuild, believing the Spain international would offer a new dimension to his midfield. But United missed out and Fabregas, ultimately, stayed put. The Red Devils then proceeded to snap up Marouane Fellaini from Everton on deadline day, with the Belgian international making the move after months of speculation. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong  The following year, United then proceeded to land both Radamel Falcao and Daley Blind on a dramatic final day of the transfer window. Blind’s move had been on the cards for weeks before it was made official. But their late move for Falcao was a bolt from the blue, especially given how Louis van Gaal already had Robin van Persie and Wayne Rooney to spearhead his attack. Falcao obviously went on to disappoint, netting just four goals during his sole season at Old Trafford. And the Colombia international was then replaced in exciting circumstances 12 months on. On deadline day in 2015, United left it late to give Anthony Martial - who was a replacement for Van Persie following the Dutchman’s move to Fenerbahce. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. Few had heard of the France international, who touched down from Monaco. And Martial then immediately endeared himself by scoring on his debut against Liverpool in a memorable 3-1 win. For several years, United got their business done early. But, in January 2020, they left it late to bring in Odion Ighalo on loan - fulfilling the Nigeria international’s dream in the process. And, in the summer of that year, the Red Devils then landed three players on the final day of the transfer window. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team Edinson Cavani joined as an alternative to Jadon Sancho, who had been Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s top target. And United also secured late deals for Alex Telles and Facundo Pellistri, too. Now, this summer, United could be about to do the same with De Jong and Antony. While alternatives have been speculated on, what’s concrete for now is that Ten Hag sees the pair as vital additions when it comes to rebuilding his side. Whether United land either player, however, is something only time will tell. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here