Prince William, 40, and Kate Middleton, also 40, made an appearance yesterday at the Wimbledon Men’s Singles Final. The royal couple were marking a special occasion, as it was Prince George’s first time joining his parents at the tournament. However, it was a moment of intimacy between the Duke and the Duchess of Cambridge that caught royal commentators’ eyes. In footage shared on social media, the pair appeared to give each other a kiss on each cheek. The video, shared on Twitter, showed William giving George a hug before sharing the traditionally French greeting with his wife. BBC Breakfast star Rachel Burden soon took to the social media platform to weigh in on the moment. Reposting the heartwarming video, Rachel wrote: “Um… hands up who gives their partner a kiss on each cheek. Ever? “(Ok, I get they can’t snog in public).” Rachel’s observation sparked debate among online users, who replied to her tweet stating their opinions. 21stCenturyCat theorised: “I suspect it was just a faux pas force of habit from formal events. “Hmm although I’m not sure that makes sense unless they are french.” Malcolmone pointed out: “They are only human.” Whiteknight69xx said: “Maybe u r at a different stage in your marriage. “That looks great and perfectly natural.” (sic) DON'T MISS:Rosie Huntington-Whiteley wows in figure-hugging dress at Wimbledon [PICTURES]Hugh Grant's payback praised as Piers says 'sack' MP [LATEST]Susan Sarandon admitted 'window may have closed' on love life [INSIGHT] Specialk2021 wrote: “Strange as it’s much more a continental thing.” William and Kate often opt for keeping a distance during public events, sometimes limiting their contact to simply placing a hand on the other’s back. Body language expert Darren Stanton has analysed the couple’s nonverbal languages, explaining that there is a reason behind their lack of contact. According to Darren, Kate and William do not do PDAs as their deep "bond" means they have nothing to prove. Speaking to The Daily Mirror on behalf of Slingo, Mr Stanton revealed how the Cambridges have a "deep connection". He said: "She and William are a pair that appear so connected on a deeper level that they don’t need to be showing continuous signs of reciprocal liking - like tactileness or prolonged eye contact - during public outings to prove they have a deep connection. "It is noticeably visible without the need for the couple to indulge in overzealous PDAs and is testament to why Kate and William have the confidence to attend events as individuals as much as they do as a couple." The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge got married in 2011 and now share three children - Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis.