Jane Fonda, 84, has given a rare insight into her intimate life, admitting she goes "solo" at the moment, but that she believes women get "better at sex" with age. The star has previously spilled all about her "fantasies" as she confessed she'd like a "younger man". Jane was asked about her sex life during an interview with Andy Cohen on Watch What Happens Live. Andy asked the Hollywood actress to characterise her sex life and she quipped: "Private... solo." He then asked Jane if she believes that people "get better at sex" with age or if they instread "lean into bad habits". She replied: "Women, I think, tend to get better because they lose their fear of saying what they need. READ MORE: Martine McCutcheon, 46, showcases enviably toned figure in swimsuit "We waste way too much time not wanting to say: ‘Wait a minute, hold it, hold it, no, no, no. Slow down, and a little to the left.’ We don’t want to do that. "But when we get older, it’s like: ‘No, I know what I want. Give me what I want.'" This is not the first time the legendary actress has spoken about her sex life, revealing details to Harper's Bazaar last year. She said: "I don’t want to be in a relationship, a sexual relationship, again. I don’t have that desire. "Do I fantasise? Yes, here’s my fantasy. I’ll just put it out there. "That I meet a professor or a researcher, somebody in that line who is really capable of loving, of cherishing a woman, so that I could test myself and see if I could show up. "I think maybe now I could, but the problem is that, like a man, I would want a younger man. "Isn’t that awful? It’s a thing about skin. I would want a younger man, and I’m too vain." Jane has been married three times, with her last marriage to CNN founder Ted Turner ending in 2001. DON'T MISS... Helen Skelton 'felt stupid' for being scammed out of £70k life savings [INSIGHT] Sky News' Jacquie Beltrao wows in bikini snap showing off taut abs [PICS] Coleen Rooney and Rebekah Vardy Wagatha Christie verdict confirmed [LATEST] She was previously wed to Roger Vadim with whom she has her daughter and Tom Hayden. Jane has two children with Tom, one biological, and an adopted daughter. Speaking to Oprah in 2013 about the adoption, revealing: "She helped me to become whole. "I think I learned as much or more from [Mary] as she did from me. But on a psychological level, she helped complete me." Jane has been spotted several times in recent months in Italy as she films Book Club 2. Filming started in late May and she has been joined by the cast Diane Keaton, Mary Steenburgen, Andy Garcia, Don Johnson and Craig T. Nelson. Book Club 2 is a follow-up to the 2018 surprise hit Book Club, which took in $104 million worldwide from just a $14.1 million budget. She was pictured unveiling her hair transformation for the role as she debuted her red look.