The Culture Secretary has faced huge backlash after retweeting an alarmingly "distasteful" image to her social media. Ms Dorries retweeted an edited picture of Rishi Sunak, the former Chancellor and Conservative leadership candidate, stabbing the outgoing Prime Minister Boris Johnson in the back. The post has been shamed as "very poor taste" in wake of the brutal murder of Conservative MP David Amess, who was stabbed to death in a violent attack. Tory party colleague and Business Minister Greg Hands described the post to Ms Dorries’ account as “verging on dangerous.” Discussing the social media post on Sky News, Mr Hands said: “I’m sure that Liz Truss would want to disassociate herself from that. “I know Liz well and I’m sure she would not want to have anything to do with that. “I do find it distasteful. “Less than a year after the stabbing of our colleague David Amess I find it in very very poor taste, even verging on dangerous.” The picture shared on Ms Dorries’ Twitter depicted Boris Johnson as Julius Caesar, with Mr Sunak edited to appear as his assassin. Mr Hands, who is backing Mr Sunak in his campaign to succeed Boris Johnson, bashed the Twitter post as “appalling.” The Culture Secretary has repeatedly shared posts which promote the leadership bid of Mr Sunak’s rival, Liz Truss, of whom she is an avid supporter. Ms Dorries has been a staunch defender of Mr Johnson and has accused prominent Tory party members, including the former Chancellor, of betraying the Prime Minister. Read more: Truss v Sunak: Liz is 'Thatcher tribute act' while Rishi copies Blair In a fiery article for the Daily Mail, Ms Dorries wrote: “Rishi had been plotting against the most electorally successful Prime Minister the Conservative Party has known since the days of Margaret Thatcher. “His actions made Michael Gove’s betrayal of Boris Johnson during the 2016 leadership campaign appear like a rank amateur rehearsing for the role of Brutus in a village hall play.” Ms Dorries again referenced the historical assassination of Julius Caesar, who was betrayed by his fellow Ancient Roman politicians. Speaking of her time working alongside Mr Sunak in the Cabinet, Ms Dorries said: “The assassin’s gleaming smile, his gentle voice and even his diminutive stature had many of us well and truly fooled.” She added: “The coup which removed Boris Johnson was long-planned.” Don't miss: Rishi Sunak's plan to fine YOU £10 every time you miss GP appointment  [INSIGHT]Hounding of Boris Johnson now looks like spite [COMMENT]Tory party issued urgent election warning over leadership race issue [REVEAL] Fellow backer of Ms Truss, the former Northern Ireland Secretary Brandon Lewis, said “It’s certainly not the sort of thing I would tweet.” Conservative MP Sir Roger Gale spoke out against the comments of Ms Dorries in her Daily Mail piece. Sir Roger said: “Mr Johnson was not removed by ‘a coup’. He was forced to resign when too many of his Ministers and backbenchers like myself made it plain that we were no longer prepared to tolerate his casual relationship with the truth.” Others shocked by the retweet of Ms Dorries questioned her decision in light of her Government post as Secretary of State for Digital, Culture, Media and Sport. Dan Bloom, online political editor for The Mirror tweeted: “The Cabinet Minister in charge of online safety has shared a mocked-up image of Rishi Sunak stabbing Boris Johnson in the back, with a knife.” Read next:Nadine Dorries mocks Rishi Sunak over £3.5k suit Stealth tax shock - here are the taxes you didn't know you were paying'Easy choice!' Truss receives leadership boost as several senior To...Brexit: Truss and Sunak told to withdraw £11bn in EU fundsTruss and Sunak urged to cut taxes to help Britons