Natalia Oliveri, royal correspondent for the Today Show, told the programme that the Queen, 96, will be staying at the Craigowan Lodge for her summer holidays having installed a £20,000 wheelchair lift. Ms Oliveri said it would be a “little bit different” for the Queen this summer, with family members coming and going, and the monarch having downsized to the cottage. Ms Oliveri said: “The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are expected to spend some time with the Queen at Balmoral. “Prince Charles and Camilla, also the Wessex’s, so, you know, there’s going to be a few family members there. “But I could not imagine the Sussex’s being there at the same time as the other royals. “It’s too busy and she is staying in a smaller cottage on the Balmoral estate where a number of changes have been made to accommodate her mobility issues, including a wheelchair-friendly lift. “So, a little bit different for the Queen this time around.”  The wheelchair lift, known as the Stiltz Trio, can carry up to three adults. It will allow the Queen to make it to her bedroom without having to climb the stairs from the ground floor. Though much smaller than Balmoral Castle, Craigowan Lodge is still a seven-bedroom stone cottage. It is believed to be one of the Queen’s favourite cottages on the Balmoral estate. READ MORE: Meghan left for Hollywood because she hated not being ‘number one’ [REVEAL] It was reported earlier this year that the monarch had also beefed up security around the lodge. She installed a new security gate and a state-of-the-art intercom system. It was suggested that she would then be spending considerably more time up there as she gets older. It is believed she will spend roughly ten weeks at Balmoral in Aberdeenshire, though she may be required to return to London for the announcement of the new Prime Minister on September 5. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: 'Not subtle at all!' Harry slammed as heavy-handed [LIVE] Philip's mustard prank landed him in 'a lot of trouble' with Queen [INSIGHT] Queen ‘can't do without’ servants kept her company during Covid [REPORT] A Balmoral insider said: “For many years we have thought it would be the perfect place for the Queen to spend more time when she's older. “It's one of her favourite places in the country. “With the proper lift and now this new security, it can effectively be sealed off so she can spend much more time there quietly in her late nineties.' It comes as the Queen extended an olive branch to the Sussex’s by inviting them to stay with her this summer, though it is expected that they will visit separately from the other royals. READ NEXT: Harry and Meghan 'on course to cause as much trouble as possible'Royal POLL: Should Meghan and Harry take up Queen's Balmoral invite?Royal Family: Prince Harry's Oprah claim 'proved wrong'Meghan forced to return wedding tiara - why Fergie kept her diademQueen jewellery: A look at 'Granny's Chips' worth over £50million