Chelsea are now down to the 'final details' on a £45million deal to sign Raheem Sterling from Manchester City, according to reports. The Blues have held extensive negotiations with the Premier League champions over an unlikely move for the England international that now looks set to materialise in the coming days or weeks and Sterling's team-mate Nathan Ake, could also follow...  Thomas Tuchel wants to bring Sterling to Stamford Bridge where he will get the chance to become a key cog and one of the faces of his Chelsea project following the loan departure of Romelu Lukaku to Inter Milan. The Blues have identified wide forwards as an area where the squad needs to be improved with Timo Werner, Hakim Ziyech and Christian Pulisic all facing uncertain futures. Sterling has been name-checked as a top target alongside Raphinha. Now The Independent claim Chelsea are close to wrapping up a £45m deal for the 27-year-old, who has won four Premier League titles with City during his seven-year spell at the Etihad. Sterling's importance and influence on Pep Guardiola's side has seemingly waned in the past few seasons though due to increased competition within the City squad. READ MORE: Chelsea to submit mega £43m Matheus Nunes transfer offer in 'next few hours' He only played 30 of their 38 Premier League matches last season, which is the lowest tally of his seven seasons with the Citizens. He is no stranger to switching to a direct rival either following his controversial 2015 transfer to Manchester City from Liverpool. Yet despite the fact, Chelsea are looking to hunt City down next season, the champions seem more than willing to do business with them. Talks are also ongoing over Ake's return to Stamford Bridge, where he left in 2017 to join Bournemouth on a permanent deal following an exceptional loan spell with the Cherries. READ MOREChelsea 'receive response' from Juventus after 'offering two players' for Matthijs de LigtChelsea target Matthijs de Ligt picks between Premier League and Bayern Munich transferChelsea to submit mega £43m Matheus Nunes transfer offer in 'next few hours' Sterling's arrival is expected to spell the end of Werner and Ziyech's time in west London following their arrival in 2020 under Frank Lampard. Werner is the subject of interest from Juventus while AC Milan are in talks to sign Ziyech. Chelsea have already loosely explored the possibility of sending Werner to Juventus as part of a deal to sign Matthijs de Ligt. The Dutchman has worked his way towards the top of Chelsea's defensive transfer shortlist due to Sevilla's steep £60m valuation of Jules Kounde. De Ligt is also attracting interest from Bayern Munich and has already held talks with Julian Naglesmann. The Blues are still waiting for some positive news on their deal to sign Raphinha from Leeds. A transfer worth £60m has already been agreed with the Whites but Raphinha is holding out for his dream move to Barcelona. Barca have since raised their offer for the 25-year-old but their bid still falls well short of Chelsea's proposal as Leeds look to push Raphinha towards Stamford Bridge.