Omid Scobie, the co-author of the unauthorised but flattering biography of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex Finding Freedom, suggested the "never complain, never explain" mantra embraced by the Queen since the beginning of her reign 70 years ago may "slowly be becoming a thing of the past at the Palace". In turn, Mr Scobie claimed a new "order of the day" is emerging within Palace walls, which consists in "deflecting and distracting". Mr Scobie accused the Palace of providing the media with briefings on two topics the public is interested in to keep issues off the front pages that could cast the Royal Family in a less favourable light. In a comment piece written for Yahoo! News, Mr Scobie said: "You see, when the Prince of Wales was forced to announce via his spokesman that he will never again accept plastic bags filled with €500 notes for his charities, one of his senior aides also briefed journalists with adorable details of the heir’s first time meeting granddaughter Lilibet last month. "(Yes, one of the same private family moments royal sources had “feared” the Sussexes would leak. The irony). "The strategy worked. Later that day a quick news search for Prince Charles brought up a long list of headlines about his 'very emotional' time with Harry and Meghan’s two children. "You would have had to search further down the results to see his £3 million mea culpa." In late June, it was reported Prince Charles had accepted millions in cash by Sheikh Hamad bin Jassim bin Jaber al-Thani, the former prime minister of Qatar. The Prince of Wales was said to have been given a total of £2.6m (€3m) by the politician during different meetings, the last one taking place in 2015. These donations were deposited into the accounts of the Prince of Wales’s Charitable Fund. READ MORE: Duchess of Kent 'deeply hurt' after request refused by Wimbledon chief There is no suggestion the payments were illegal and Clarence House assured a similar situation would "not happen again". In his op-ed, Mr Scobie went on to speak about a similar attempt to distract the public and the media as the Palace released its financial report for April 2021-2022. The financial statement showed the monarch had to dip into the Sovereign Grant reserve to pay for works relating to the reservicing of Buckingham Palace. It also provided an insight into the cost of travel by working royals, who over the course of 12 months took more than 20 charter flights and 170 helicopter trips. However, Mr Scobie claimed, the Palace released a "suspiciously timed update" on the same day the financial report was released on the probe into the handling of bullying claims made against the Duchess of Sussex. Buckingham Palace announced in March last year it would launch a private investigation after The Times newspaper reported that allegations of bullying had been raised against Meghan by a senior aide to the Duke and Duchess of Sussex in October 2018. Meghan starkly rejected these allegations, with one of her representatives branding the claims a "calculated smear campaign based on misleading and harmful misinformation". The bullying investigation was carried out by a law firm and funded privately. Last week, Sir Michael Stevens, the Keeper of the Privy Purse, said the investigation was "aimed at enabling the royal households to consider potential improvements to HR policies and procedures" and that "the review has been completed and recommendations on our policies and procedures have been taken forward". However, the Palace will not comment further or release any of the findings resulting from the probe. Mr Scobie noted the allegations of bullying first emerged days before the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's interview with Oprah Winfrey was due to be broadcast. He continued public officials need transparency to survive in this day and age and the Firm can't hide its transgression or mistakes. He then claimed: "Which is why the institution has instead resorted to activating distractions in times of crisis." Mr Scobie went on saying: "I’m just not sure who it is they think they are fooling? The public aren’t stupid."