With the substantial increase in household bills soaring across the UK, Britons up and down the country are looking for tips and tricks to help reduce their expenditure. Now, energy experts at Boiler Central have shared their advice to help householders save money on their water bills this summer. Unfortunately, water bills are one of the highest costs in household bills. The warmer months can lead to homeowners using more water which can increase energy bills. Watering the garden more frequently, making ice cubes, taking more showers and doing more washing can all add up. The experts have shared smart alternatives for day-to-day tasks that homeowners may not even notice are having a significant impact on the bill. Doing large loads of laundry instead of completing numerous half-cycle washes per week will save enormous amounts of wasted water and energy. READ MORE: Ideal temperature to ‘effectively’ clean bed sheets - ‘kills bacteria’ The experts said: “Not only is washing larger cycles more efficient but washing at a reduced temperature will also help reduce energy bills.” Washing and rinsing small items may not feel like you’re using a lot of water. However, it can cause “litres of water to be wasted”, which is why it’s more efficient to put dirty dishes into a dishwasher.  DON'T MISSAre there 'criminal plants' in your garden? 9 plants you can’t grow [INSIGHT]Homes Under the Hammer buyer makes £60k after simple layout change [UPDATE]Mrs Hinch fans share how to rid ‘brown stains’ from toilet bowls [ANALYSIS] Remember to wait until the dishwasher is fully loaded and allow a full cycle wash. It’s important not to overuse the machine by half-filling it as this is also ineffective. Reducing the number of baths a household has and swapping to showers can greatly impact water usage. A shorter shower uses a third of the water it would use to fill a bath. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Even if cutting out baths is not possible, try to limit it to just once or twice a week. Leaving the taps to run whilst doing short tasks, like brushing your teeth or shaving, largely increase water usage, especially considering it’s an everyday task. Turning off the tap while doing these routines will reduce the amount of wasted water. This may not suit every household, which is why it’s important to do research. It may not be appropriate for some homes, but others could save a significant amount of money.  Money-saving expert Martin Lewis suggests looking into it if you have “more bedrooms in your home than people or the same number”. In the garden, homeowners may want to use a watering can instead of a hose pipe. To save more money, homeowners could invest in a water butt which collects rain water. The rain water can then be used to water plants. Rain water can also be better for plants as it has a lower pH level.