Amazon is offering a brilliant money-saving deal on its Music Unlimited service and Echo Dot speakers ahead of Prime Day 2022. In the run-up to the big annual sale, which is taking place on July 12 and July 13, Amazon is offering Prime customers the chance to pick up a third or fourth gen Echo Dot with six months access to Music Unlimited thrown in for free. Prime customers can get a third gen Echo Dot with six months free Music Unlimited for £34.99 or a fourth gen Echo Dot with six months access to Music Unlimited for £39.99. The third-gen Echo Dot has an RRP of £34.99 while the fourth gen model usually costs £49.99. So if you opt for the newer Alexa-powered smart speaker you will not only be getting half a year's worth of free Music Unlimited access but also a 20 percent price cut on the device. You will rarely get a chance to get this much free access to Amazon's Spotify and Apple Music rival, with the retail giant typically offering just one month free trials to the service. Amazon Music Unlimited offers access to a library of 90million songs, as well as podcasts, curated playlists and more. The service usually costs £9.99 a month if you're not an Amazon Prime subscriber or £8.99 a month if you are. READ MOREForget Spotify! Amazon is dishing out months of free music streaming Anyone that signs up to get this Echo Dot and Music Unlimited deal, which ends on July 14, needs to be aware that after the free trial period is over your subscription will be auto-renewed. So if you don't want to continue using Amazon Music Unlimited after your free trial is over you need to cancel before then. Before you rush over to the Amazon UK website to get this bargain there's one important thing you need to know. This deal is only available for new Music Unlimited customers who are also Prime subscribers. That means if you are already an Amazon Music Unlimited subscriber or are currently enjoying a free trial you won't be able to take advantage of the promotion. Anyone that picks up this deal and tries out the Amazon Music Unlimited for the first time, after previously subscribing to Spotify, will notice one major difference between the two services. Amazon Music Unlimited - unlike Spotify - offers its songs in lossless audio (i.e CD quality audio). Amazon calls lossless audio HD Audio, and the entire Music Unlimited library of over 90million songs is offered in this fidelity. While over seven million songs are available in Ultra HD audio (aka better than CD quality audio). Spotify are planning on launching its own lossless audio feature, known as Spotify HiFi, but while it is planned to launch in 2022 at some point so far a release date has not been confirmed by the audio giant.