Manchester United stars have spoken about feeling fitter than they have done for a long time as Erik ten Hag continues to raise standards at the Premier League club, according to reports. Ten Hag has enjoyed a successful pre-season so far and his players have impressed in friendlies against Liverpool and Australian side Melbourne Victory. The Dutchman, who was prised away from Ajax in May, has been keen to make the Red Devils squad fitter ahead of his first campaign in charge. Former interim head coach Ralf Rangnick repeatedly criticised the squad’s physical capabilities during his dismal six months in the job. Ten Hag adopts a playing style that requires players to be supremely in-shape. Their organised high-pressing in both of their friendlies so far is evidence of the fitness work that has been drummed home on the training ground. And players have apparently been positive about their physical state since they returned for pre-season three weeks ago. Some stars feel they are fitter than they have felt for a long time. JUST IN: Man Utd have three players who can save the Glazers millions That is according to Sky Sports News, who report that individuals have looked very sharp in open training sessions during their pre-season tour. United thrashed Premier League rivals Liverpool 4-0 in Bangkok and have since travelled to Australia, where they face a couple of fixtures. Ten Hag’s side recorded an impressive 4-1 win over Melbourne Victory in their first game down under, and there have already been signs of huge improvement since the new boss started his work. United clash with fellow English sides Palace and Aston Villa in their remaining games in Australia. They then travel to Oslo to face Atletico Madrid - the side who knocked United out of the Champions League last term. Pre-season is then rounded off as Ten Hag makes his Old Trafford debut against Rayo Vallecano on July 31. DON'T MISS...Eriksen sent Fernandes warning as Ten Hag left with Man Utd headacheRonaldo ‘agreement’ comes to light as Man Utd future hangs in balanceWayne Rooney leaves door open as DC United contract clause emerges United host Brighton on the opening day of the Premier League season and will hope that their excellent fitness will give them a boost as they seek a good start to the campaign. But while performances on the pitch have been excellent, United have found completing transfer business frustrating. Lisandro Martinez is expected to be confirmed as the club’s third summer arrival, but negotiations over several deals have been hard. Christian Eriksen joined Tyrell Malacia in joining the Red Devils last week. United fought off competition from Brentford to sign Eriksen, while Malacia was bought from Feyenoord to provide competition to Luke Shaw and Alex Telles. Old Trafford chiefs remain in drawn-out discussions with Barcelona over the possible signing of Frenkie de Jong, but the midfielder is apparently holding out for the La Liga club to pay him around £17m in deferred wages. There also remains doubt over the future of United forward Cristiano Ronaldo, who has asked to leave.