Statins are a cheap treatment used widely in the prevention of cardiovascular events. Side effects can wide-ranging, making them difficult to trace back to the drug. In rare instances, however, there have been reports of peripheral neuropathy among users. Symptoms may include numbness in the hands, feet, arms and legs. Statins lower levels of low-density lipoprotein by blocking the production of a liver enzyme used by the body to make cholesterol. Sometimes, however, the drug can inhibit vital enzymes, setting the stage for neuropathy. According to the Mayo Clinic: “Signs and symptoms of peripheral neuropathy might include gradual onset of numbness, prickling or tingling in feet or hands, which can spread upward into your legs or arms.” Occasionally, neuropathy manifests as a sharp, jabbing, throbbing or burning pain in the extremities too, as well as extreme sensitivity to touch. READ MORE: Statins: The ‘serious’ side effect that could signal lung disease Peripheral neuropathy is a neurological condition that is widely associated with alcoholism, spinal damage and vitamin B12 deficiency at some point in their life. Nearly a quarter of individuals over the age of 65 will develop peripheral neuropathy at some point in their life. The reported incidence rate of peripheral neuropathy ranges between four to 14 times more likely than control groups, according to various studies. An early study published on the American Academy of Neurology’s website suggested the risk of peripheral neuropathy was 14 times more likely among statin users, compared to non-users. READ MORE: Statins: The 'bad' side effects to be aware of The authors, however, suggested the findings should not detract from the benefits of the drug, which is potentially life-saving. The research was conducted in Denmark over a five-year period. Researchers leaned on a patient registry to identify all first-time cases of peripheral neuropathy with no known cause. The American Association of Neurology reported: “They identified 166 cases of first-time neuropathy with no known cause. “Of these, 35 had a definite diagnosis, 54 were probable cases and 77 were possible cases. Nine of the people with neuropathy had taken statins. They had taken statins for an average of 2.8 years.”