The account allows three withdrawals during the 12-month term. After this period, the interest rate will decrease to 0.10 percent for the remainder of the period. After 12 months, the account automatically switches to one of Nationwide’s instant access accounts. The account is suited for savers who want to be able to make up to three withdrawals (during the 12-month term) without loss of interest. It could also appeal to savers who want to open and manage their account online using their Internet Bank/Banking app. Additionally Nationwide is also launching a new issues of its one and two-year fixed rate ISAs, Bonds and Online Bonds with savers being able to earn up to 1.70 percent. The new rates are: Existing members saving in Loyalty Saver, Loyalty ISA and Loyalty Single Access ISA accounts will see rates rise by 0.25 percent to 1.25 percent gross/AER from August 1, 2022. Tom Riley, Director of Banking and Savings at Nationwide Building Society said: “Many savers like to place at least some of their savings in an instant access account to give them peace of mind that they can access the funds should they need to. “The new issue of our Triple Access Saver account pays one of the highest rates on the market and will appeal to those looking to save with a brand they know and trust. “We always look to offer a wide range of accounts to suit the different needs of our members, which is why we have also increased rates for those who don’t need immediate access and want to save in a fixed rate bond or ISA.” Nationwide has increased interest rates on many of their accounts recently. A couple of weeks ago, Nationwide upped the interest rate to their FlexDirect account. The account now offers savers five percent on balances up to £1,500. The rate has been available for new applicants since June 21. Customers can get five percent on up to £1,500 for the first 12 months. Savers who are not yet a member of Nationwide could get £100 as a switching incentive. As the cost of living crisis continues and energy bills soar, any extra cash could be viral for families on low incomes. If someone is already a member, they could get £125. Britons can complete a full switch online to a FlexDirect from another building society or bank. People will need to pay in at least £1,000 a month, not counting transfers from other Nationwide accounts or Visa credits. On June 16, Nationwide launched an additional two new accounts: The start to Save Issue 2 is a regular savings account offering savers a chance to win £250 in up to three prize draws. The Member Online Bond is a three-year fixed rate bond just for Nationwide members. People are members if they have a current account, mortgage or savings account with the bank.