The conflict in Ukraine has reignited Cold War-era fears of nuclear war in Europe, where people are closely following Vladimir Putin's moves. Experts believe he is growing increasingly desperate due to health troubles and that the Russian premier may use warheads to claim victory, potentially triggering a worldwide exchange. In this eventuality, scientists expect billions of deaths, with only those able to find safe, secure places left behind. Weapons manufacturers have designed nuclear warheads with one aim in mind - complete annihilation. The explosions they cause can level entire cities with a blast of heat and radiation that also renders environments uninhabitable. But despite their destructive power, there are ways to shelter from them, and some environments make the process more straightforward than others. READ MORE: Boris defends spending for ‘properly equipped’ military  According to ready.gov, the UK Government's dedicated site for disasters and emergencies, people should immediately get inside and underground following news of an impending nuclear attack. Using this advice alone, London is the most obvious safe place from an immediate nuclear attack. The city's Tube system lies far below ground, with the deepest of all stations - Hampstead - lying 58 metres deep. The underground served as a vital network of shelters during World War 2 and would likely help again during a nuclear blast. Experts believe the help the Tube would provide is limited, however, as not only would most people not receive enough notice to hide in a station, but modern nuclear weapons can penetrate much further than regular bombs. Andrew Futter, a Professor of International Politics at the University of Leicester, told My London the London Underground "probably wouldn't be deep enough if there was a direct hit". Putting shelter aside and considering the many features of a nuclear explosion, people will get a different answer. If an aggressor nation targeted all of the UK's major cities from London to Edinburgh, people would need to travel outside more than 20 blast zones. Nuclear blasts have several radii, including a radiation radius of 153km2, a fireball radius of roughly 197km2, an air blast radius ranging from 321km2 to 1,420km2 and a thermal radiation radius of 12,960km2. While weather conditions will ultimately determine how that radiation travels, a clutch of areas will put people outside those ranges. And property researchers identified the best places to live outside those ranges back in 2017. Property portal EMoov identified 20 areas that would safely host people in the aftermath of each blast type's immediate ranges. The areas identified by the portal include: Many of those areas lie just outside the immediate radii from each explosion, leaving them at risk from fallout if the weather swept radiation in their direction. People hoping to avoid this may want to reside in the most remote part of the country in Foula, on the Shetland Isles, home to fewer than 40 people and detached from the UK mainland.