After a two-year-long hiatus, Queen and Adam Lambert returned to touring with 36 dates across the UK and Europe. They kicked off in June by opening The Queen’s Platinum Jubilee concert, before a number of shows across Great Britain and Northern Ireland, including a sold-out 10-night residency at London’s The O2. Having performed across Europe this July, Brian May, Roger Taylor and their singing collaborator concluded their epic journey last night in Tampere, Finland. Last week, Brian turned 75 and today marks Roger’s 73rd birthday, which the pair have been celebrating together, along with a job well done on their Queen and Adam Lambert tour. The guitarist shared a fun picture of himself and Roger travelling back to the UK in style with champagne glass raised, birthday banners on display and delicious food before them. He captioned his Instagram post: “The Boys are Done ! Yeeeeeeoooow ! 36 dates plus !!! Thanks All !! And a BIG HAPPY BIRTHDAY to my brother from a different mother !!! —— Roger Meddows Taylor esq. thanks for the pic Sarina @sarinarosetaylor — Bri.” Queen and Adam Lambert bassist Neil Fairclough also paid tribute to Roger today. He wrote on his Instagram: “Happy Birthday Roger!! Still driving the engine of the Queen + Adam Lambert tour machine at 73!! Thank you for being an awesome human being…oh!!…and being one quarter of that little known beat combo…Queen!!…and still kicking ass!! Have a fantastic day Roger!!…We love you!!” Last night, Brian posted a video of the crowd in Finland cheering at the band’s final show of the tour. READ MORE: Brian May emotional message to fans: 'I feel so loved and so alone' Brian captioned the post: “THANK YOU !!! To all who have sailed with us !! Phew !!!! Bri In another TikTok video, the guitarist said after the show: “We are done! 36 shows plus a royal place hoo-ha. And oh my god, the strangest feeling!" In an Instagram post before the final concert, he expressed his thanks to all the fans. DON'T MISSBrian May thrilled as Queen top Beatles in incredible new achievement [THE BEATLES]Brian May ‘caught completely by surprise’ at Queen concert – WATCH [BRIAN MAY]Brian May shares Freddie Mercury secret from Queen concert set [FREDDIE MERCURY] Brian wrote: “LAST SHOW of our tour !. This is the FINNISH LINE !!! Huge thanks to EVERYONE who has made this the best tour ever. And my dear pal Cyborg - who has become known as #Briborg - will say farewell to public life this evening in Tampere. He had a nasty fall last night, and we have been feeling that the show is a somewhat hazardous environment for him. So for now he will head off to quieter places and get himself a nice polishing. He thanks you for your support and encouragement. OK ! Let’s Rock One More Time !!! Bri.”