Channel 4 presenter Ben Hillman has been helping house hunters find their dream property in the sun for six years on A Place in the Sun. However, in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, he admitted he still struggles with accurately picking out the property the hopeful buyers eventually opt for.  A Place in the Sun applicants share their wishlist with Ben at the start of the search. The Channel 4 team put together a list of five properties that each offer something different. However, often the buyers will be disappointed by an apartment Ben was really keen to show them and amazed by a feature the presenter had no idea the guests were interested in. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Ben admitted he still doesn’t “know what to expect” despite joining the show in 2016. Read more: Ben Hillman wife: Is the A Place in the Sun star married?    He said: “Well my motto is never second guess the house hunter because every effort is made every time we go on a search to show the five best properties we can possibly show. “And, of course, there are some in that mix that you may or may not think they will go for. “I would say at least 50 percent of the time I get it wrong and they go for the one that I don’t think they’re going to go for.” He explained the buyers will often reject the property he was certain offered them everything they’d asked for.     “So I would say I never rest on my laurels because they always keep you on your toes,” he continued. “I never know what to expect to be quite honest.” Sometimes on the show, buyers will have fallen in love with a property but are still not 100 percent sure whether they want to take their house search to the next level. Ben admitted he finds these situations particularly “frustrating” because of the nature of the housing market. DON'T MISSA Place In The Sun's Craig Rowe on relationship with Laura Hamilton [INTERVIEW]A Place In The Sun's Danni Menzies strips off flashing abs [INSIGHT]A Place in the Sun: Jasmine Harman shuts down couple's expectations [VIDEO]  He explained: “Sometimes people just need some time to absorb and for some people that's longer than others. “There have certainly been moments where myself and the team have some cracking properties on budgets, or just slightly pushing the budget and people had to walk away from it and take a bit more time because it is that adjustment of expectation and reality that's not always that easy. “So that can be really frustrating when you think I've just offered up [your dream property and] you're walking away from it.” He warned buyers may be greeted with an unpleasant surprise if they return to purchase a property later down the line.     “The problem with that is we always tell people that at the moment the market moves in one direction,” he continued. “So if you walk away from that for two, three months, when you come back and read and search again, you might have to lower your expectations even further. “And that's what's frustrating because you feel like people are really missing out on a good opportunity sometimes.” A Place in the Sun airs on Channel 4 on weekdays at 4pm.   