The Duke and Duchess of Sussex struck a deal with Netflix in 2020 after stepping down from the Royal Family in March that year. Netflix did not disclose the terms of the deal with the royals, but reports estimate it is worth over $100 million (£83.113 million). However, since signing with the streaming giant, Meghan and Harry have not yet released any content for Netflix. The Sussex’s have an upcoming docuseries planned for the streaming service, but it has not yet been released. Daniela Elser, royal commentator, has speculated the Duke and Duchess’ series could feature “fresh bombshells”. She said: “Whether the Sussexes have agreed to the TV series because they are frantically keen to promote themselves as humanitarians; whether this is some sort of political campaign launch on Meghan's behalf; or whether Netflix strongarmed them into it after having forked over truckloads of cash, for whatever reason (and there are probably many more) the Sussexes are about to break one of the last royal taboos.” Writing for the New Zealand Herald, Ms Elser touted it as likely blockbuster viewing, questioning “who is not going to tune in to watch … two obstreperous individuals who seem to have no problem talking about themselves?” She added: “The sticking point here for Buckingham Palace is not propriety or protocol or some sort of pearl-clutching aversion to publicity: It's what Harry and Meghan might say, earnestly staring down the barrel of the camera, about his family back in the UK and what fresh bombshells they might be about to drop on the Queen. “Will we get to watch footage of them looking anguished when they learned that they would be excluded from the Buckingham Palace balcony during the Platinum Jubilee? “Just might a crew have been on hand when it was revealed in February this year that Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall is set to be Queen? You get the idea. “Silence and tact are not qualities we have seen from the Sussexes and with their, possibly most valuable paymaster, needing to be kept happy, what sort of flurry of revelations and jaw-dropping disclosures might be incoming? “Neither the streaming service nor the couple can afford for this series not to be a huge hit.” READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: 'Not subtle at all!' Harry slammed for sparking row According to reports, Netflix wants to release the Sussex’s series around the same time as their latest season of ‘The Crown’. A source told Page Six “there is a lot to organise and a lot of things at play here" and that "Netflix wants to make sure they get in there and don’t get scooped" by Harry’s upcoming memoir. The outlet reported Meghan and Harry want to release the series in 2023, clashing with Netflix’s planned schedule. Another source added: “[Netflix executives] knew the book was coming out, which is why they wanted the series this year. “They don’t want to hold off any longer.” DON'T MISS Truss and Sunak brace for explosive BBC clash TONIGHT Liz Truss campaign run by hardline Remainers, claims Brexit architect National Grid takes emergency measures to boost EU gas supplies Meanwhile, Richard Eden claimed in his weekly Palace Confidential newsletter: "When the Duke and Duchess of Sussex quit royal duties and moved to North America, they dreamed of emulating Barack and Michelle Obama and becoming major figures on the world stage. "Just like the former US president and his lawyer wife, they signed a multi-million-dollar deal to make programmes for streaming giant Netflix. "Now, Prince Harry and Meghan appear to be attempting the second part of their transformation. "This week, Harry gave what he hoped would be a landmark speech at the United Nations to mark Nelson Mandela International Day. "His address encompassed everything from climate change to the pandemic and, inevitably, included his usual digs at the media."