Until recently, Frenkie de Jong’s poster was emblazoned on the front of the Nou Camp. But, as his move to Manchester United creeps closer, Barcelona have now taken it down. With the famous stadium now sponsored by Spotify, the Catalan giants are deciding to overhaul things as they gear up for a new chapter in their history. Manchester United have agreed a £56.2million deal to sign De Jong. The Netherlands international has been Erik ten Hag’s top target to this point, having previously impressed under the 52-year-old during their spell together in Amsterdam with Ajax. And, now, Barcelona have suggested a deal is moving closer by changing the posters on the front of their stadium. Whereas before they had the likes of De Jong and Gerard Pique, they now have tributes to the likes of Ansu Fati, Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Pedri. And they also have three of there female players emblazoned, too, with Mapi Leon, Alexia Patellas and Aitana Bonmati images all put up. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez All six players will be involved at Barcelona next season. And the fact De Jong and Pique’s pictures have now been removed from the front of their stadium speaks volumes. De Jong is primed to join United, with the club currently believed to be ironing out the finer details of the transfer. And Pique’s stock has fallen at Barcelona, with Xavi making it clear to the Spain international that he doesn’t see him as a starter. It’s now only a matter of time before United land their man in De Jong. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen He’s likely to be an integral asset for Ten Hag as the Dutchman looks to build a dynasty at Old Trafford, like Sir Alex Ferguson before him. United are in the mix for as many as four other signings at the current moment in time as they seek an improved Premier League campaign. They want a back-up goalkeeper to provide competition for David De Gea, at a time where Dean Henderson is primed to join Nottingham Forest. Sergio Romero is keen to return, just a year after he was shown the door by Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. But United haven’t registered an interest in the Argentina international just yet as they explore their options. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team United are interested in acquiring Antony and Lisandro Martinez from Ajax, too, with both players previously playing under Ten Hag in Amsterdam. And the Red Devils are on the verge of snapping up Tyrell Malacia, with his move from Feyenoord potentially set to go through over the weekend. Regarding De Jong, meanwhile, former United star Teddy Sheringham recently opened up on the 25-year-old. And he expressed doubts over whether the Barcelona star would be the right signing for his old club to make. “He hasn't played in the Premier League and has been playing for Barcelona, who are expected to pretty much beat nearly every other team,” he said. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “Many of Barca’s domestic opponents roll over for them throughout the season. That doesn’t happen in the Premier League - every game is a battle.” And he added: “The pace and quality of the league could be a shock to the system for ten Hag and a player like de Jong. “United could have a season of absolute chaos again next year.” If De Jong does move to England, he’ll become the ninth player to play for both United and their La Liga rivals. Henrik Larsson, Mark Hughes, Laurent Blanc, Jordi Cruyff, Gerard Pique, Victor Valdes, Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Alexis Sanchez have turned out for both teams over the years.