In May the Reverend Franklin Graham, son of the late evangelist Billy Graham, spoke at Newport in Wales. A previous tour was bedevilled by cancellations at venues such as Sheffield and bans on adverts by councils such as Blackpool. Graham sued and won. Why, you might ask, would anyone want a mainstream preacher to be denied the chance to address Christian events? The answer is that Graham believes marriage can be only between one man and one woman and on that basis Mark Drakeford, the first minister for Wales, said he was "sorry to see" that Graham was to be allowed a platform in Wales. For good measure he told the Welsh Assembly that Graham's views were not such as the Welsh government would be prepared to endorse. The Catholic Church holds that marriage is between one man and one woman and that is still the position of the Anglican church. For that matter it is Muslim teaching as well. Does Mark Drakeford want to ban all priests and imams? Quite apart from religion, a sizeable portion of the population, including Wales, believes it and court after court has found that belief in traditional marriage is "worthy of respect in a democratic society" and the Public Order Act specifically states that "discussion or criticism of marriage which concerns the sex of the parties to marriage shall not of itself be taken to be threatening or intended to stir up hatred." A First Minister should both uphold the law and uphold free speech. Of course, it is fine for Drakeford to make clear his personal disagreement with Graham's views but it is quite wrong for him to disagree with his right to express them in Wales. When government itself believes in the right to silence those with whom it disagrees, democracy dies.   In an age of vengeance, harshness and unforgiving judgmentalism, it was heartening to read that a motorist, Keith Claringbull, who killed an elderly woman in a moment of careless driving, was spared prison at the request of the victim's family. As one of the sons said "if he had been driving dangerously, we would feel differently" but they recognised the accident to have been "unintentional and unfortunate." It is a simple fact of life that most motorists make mistakes at some time in their decades on the roads. If we are lucky, we escape with nothing more than a racing heart and a wave of apology. The unluckiest face a lifetime of remorse after killing or maiming. If they are decent that is their sentence. Tom Tugendhat has been eliminated from the Conservative leadership circus but suddenly I do not think he is a very nice chap. In the Channel 4 debate he revealed a private conversation he had with Rishi Sunak. That was treachery and for what? A cheap laugh? Then alone of all the candidates he was nasty about Boris. Another cheap round of applause. So, Tugendhat betrays confidences and kicks men when they are down. No thanks. My preference is still with Liz Truss but, oh, Liz, do get some oomph! Her performance as trade negotiator was impressive and she has imaginative policies but her demeanour is as stiff as that of a Victorian governess. If she gets to the last two - and I fervently hope she does - she will have to be vastly more inspirational on the campaign trail. As for Rishi, same old, same old and then again same old.   The latest in the Prince Andrew saga is that there is a “shocking” photograph of him which was taken by a BBC cameraman during the filming of the ill-fated interview with Emily Maitlis. Presumably the prince did not pose for such a picture, so was it taken sneakily? If so, that was a breach of trust. But if Andrew knew he was being filmed then, heaven help us, it was a lapse of judgment bigger than the interview itself.  Congratulations to Camilla on her 75th birthday. I will catch her up later on this year and cannot begin to imagine taking on what confronts her at an age when most people are thinking about easing rather than increasing their workload. She showed remarkable courage in facing down the wall of hatred which rose from the outlandish public hysteria following Diana’s death and is now widely loved and respected. She had to win over the Queen, Diana’s sons and a lot of snooty courtiers and she did so quietly and comprehensively. Now Camilla, above, is facing an old age full of duty and formality with no escape. When the time comes, I shall be among the loudest in shouting “God bless Queen Camilla.”     What is it about the British and the weather? I grew up in Singapore in tropical temperatures and we had sports days and fetes.