 Ben (played by Max Bowden) has been struggling on EastEnders for months, and only his mother Kathy Beale (Gillian Taylforth) knows about his rape. Tensions will continue to mount between Ben and Rocky Cotton (Brian Conley) in upcoming scenes, as he has no idea what Ben's been going through. In a moment of rage, Ben goes to punch Rocky but accidentally hits Kathy. Will Rocky report him to the police over the assault?   BBC soap spoilers have revealed Kathy pays a visit to her troubled son after Rocky keeps kicking off about his behaviour. She meets with him at The Arches and suggests he speaks to a specialist who can help him get through this difficult period of his life. However, they are interrupted by a customer called James, who Ben soon realises he went to school with. As Ben takes him to purchase a car, James starts flirting with him, leaving Ben very uncomfortable. READ MORE: P-Valley: Why did Big Teak kill himself?  Later on, Rocky snaps at Ben over how he is treating Kathy and gives him some home truths. The situation gets out of hand when Ben goes to punch Rocky in a moment of pure rage. As he swings for him, Kathy jumps in to protect Rocky, and Ben accidentally punches her instead. Ben is then forced to move in with Jay Brown (Jamie Borthwick) as a result, leaving Honey Mitchell (Emma Barton) less than impressed.   Ben continues to make enemies after he is rude to Honey during his stay. In the pub, Honey ends up quizzing Kathy about her injured lip as she is not convinced she is okay. Kathy tries to brush it off before Ben decides to apologise to Honey for his behaviour. However, when a worried Kathy encourages her son to get professional help, he lashes out at her. DON'T MISS...EastEnders theory: Beloved family exit as death rocks Walford [THEORY]Gillian Taylforth health: Star's guide to being 'fit and healthy'  [UPDATE]EastEnders theory: Grant Mitchell in dramatic return to Albert Square [SPOILER] She turns to tough love and makes the difficult decision not to speak to Ben until he seeks support. With no one to rely on, Ben turns to newcomer James and ends up taking drugs with him following a kiss in The Arches. Ben continues to spiral downwards when he learns his ex-partner Callum Highway (Tony Clay) is so happy in life following their split. Kathy's concern for Ben increases when Phil Mitchell (Steve McFadden) reveals he has seen him high on drugs.  They also learn Ben was in a fight and are unsure if there is anything they can do to help him. Will Ben land himself in trouble with the law if he is reported for assaulting Kathy and getting into a fight? Perhaps he will flee Walford altogether in a desperate bid to avoid prison following his violent actions. EastEnders airs Mondays to Thursdays on BBC One at 7.30pm. 