When starring in Death in Paradise, Kris Marshall would often wear loose-fitting shirts and trousers as he solved murders on the fictional Caribbean island of Saint Marie. So, when he was offered the chance to appear in a period drama and wear a more regal wardrobe, the TV star jumped at the chance. However, he told Roman Kemp and Ronan Keating that wearing tighter outfits often led to hilariously embarrassing consequences for the comedy actor. Kris Marshall sat on The One Show sofa this week and revealed details about the return of ITV period drama Sanditon. In a different type of role than viewers would be used to seeing him in, Kris discussed the appeal of joining a period drama. The My Family actor hadn't performed in a show which dated so far back since he starred in the adaptation of Doctor Zhivago, alongside Keira Knightley 21 years ago. Kris told the cheeky presenters of BBC teatime show how he coped with the new costumes. READ MORE: Better Call Saul fans ‘work out’ reason Gene is missing from season 6  Presenter Ronan Keating asked Kris if he had any problems with the flamboyant ensemble. A chuckling Kris took the opportunity to discuss some of the issues with his sensitive garters. The star explained: "Basically I said to our costume designer before we started shooting that I wanted something slinky so I can strut around and give it the full look with the top hat and all that kind of stuff." However, Kris learned the hard way the dangers of having too slinky garments in certain parts of your body. The Sanditon star continued: "Unfortunately they were a bit too slinky and I used to rip my trousers weekly." A giggling Roman and Ronan awaited more detail and Kris duly obliged to discuss his mishap further. The 49-year-old added: "I mean literally - I was banned from bending over about a few weeks into the shoot. I would say 'Oh it's gone again, it's gone again.'" Both the former Boyzone singer and breakfast radio host were howling at the star's misfortune, but the son of Spandau Ballet's Martin Kemp was intrigued to find out more. DON'T MISS... Why did Theo James leave Sanditon as Sidney Parker? [THEORY]Sanditon season 2 episode 1 cast: Who stars in Jane Austen drama? [INSIGHT]Why did Mark Stanley leave Sanditon as Lord Babington? [ARTICLE]  Roman Kemp joyfully asked: "Was it a full rip or was it just a little bit?" Kris began to go into more detail on his exposed derriere, but perhaps remembered the time of day the BBC show is aired. The more experienced head of Ronan Keating humorously interjected with: "Do we really want the details? What are you thinking there Ro?" "It was full... well really - do we need to know? No, no it was just a rip," Kris declared. Sanditon is adapted from a Jane Austen novel which was not finished and enjoyed a successful first series. The drama is set in the Regency era of England and boasts a star-studded cast including Rose Williams, Theo James and Charlotte Spencer. Series two - which has already aired in the US - will pick up from the explosive ending of the cliffhanger of the previous episode. The last show aired in the UK in 2019 and viewers witnessed the fictional town of Sanditon go up in flames. Catch Sanditon Series 2 on July 22 at 9pm on ITV