Despite hitting its sixth consecutive monthly record, house price growth pace appears to be plateauing as the effects of rising inflation and interest rates kick in, according to Rightmove. Although this might sound like good news for some, first-time buyers will still be hit the hardest, as experts call on the Government to “urgently” address the nation's “crippling” housing crisis. The recent Rightmove property index reveals the average price of property coming to market in the UK currently rests at a staggering £369,968. Although this indicates a six-month high, prices have only increased a modest 0.4 percent on last month’s figures, reflecting a slight drop in demand. Tim Bannister, Rightmove’s director of property science said: “Although the market remains hot, it’s moving from a boil to a simmer as we head into the second half of the year. “This is because we’re starting to see the huge levels of buyer demand drop ever so slightly compared to the exceptionally busy market of last year.  READ MORE: Should you bid above asking price when buying a house?  “And recently, more sellers have been putting their homes on the market compared to 12 months ago.” Although, demand still remains largely high compared to the pre-pandemic five-year average. In June, the index revealed demand to be up by 113 percent compared to 2019. However, these staggering prices and largely high demand do not indicate a healthy property market and Government action will be needed to tackle the cost crisis, according to an expert. Ben Woolman, director at Woolbro Group, said: “Though the economic reality has taken longer to dawn on the sector than others, buyer confidence is now clearly ebbing away amid rising inflation and tightening belts.  “However, given the widely-anticipated slowdown in the delivery of new homes over the coming years – mainly as a result of rising building costs and a shortage of construction workers – demand will continue to outstrip supply, meaning the chances of a significant market correction are slim to none. He continued: “Resilient property prices are not, however, indicative of a healthy property market. “Hopeful first-time buyers will again be hardest hit as they are faced with rising rent prices, inflation and energy costs – all while trying to save for a deposit on their first home. “More worryingly, the Government has yet to confirm any replacement to the Help to Buy scheme, which is set to close to new applicants in a matter of weeks. DON'T MISS: How to save for a house as a solo buyer - 9 tips from an expert [EXPLAINED]How to get a mortgage approved: 5 tips to ‘boost’ chances - expert [ANALYSIS]Rishi Sunak sees campaign dismantled in furious BBC rant [INSIGHT]    “Whoever emerges as Britain’s new Prime Minister come September 5 must, as a matter of urgency, spell out a clear roadmap for how they plan to address the country’s crippling housing crisis.” While sellers may have increased, the number of homes on the market remains well below the pre-pandemic levels of 2019, according to Mr Banniser.  He added: “And there still isn’t enough to meet the continued high demand that we’re seeing. “With such an imbalance, we can expect just small seasonal month-on-month price falls, rather than the bigger drops we usually see in the second half of the year. “Because of this, we’re forecasting prices will jump by 7 percent by the end of 2022, rather than the 5 percent growth we forecasted at the start of the year.” 