WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Virgin River. Virgin River made a comeback for season four, leaving Netflix subscribers with more cliffhangers than ever before. Brie Sheridan (played by Libby Allen) originally showed up in the suburban town to get away from her old life but sadly it has come back to haunt her. Express.co.uk has the low-down on what happened with Don and Sheridan. Brie, Jack Sheridan's (Martin Henderson) sister, showed up out of the blue in Virgin River season three. She was living in the big city, working as a lawyer but decided to up sticks to see her brother and start afresh. Brie even got into a relationship with resident bad boy Dan Brady (Ben Hollingsworth), and when he was wrongfully accused of shooting Jack, she stood by him. Unexpectedly, the person who forced her to move to Virgin River, showed up, asking for Brie's help. READ MORE: BBC crisis as 300,000 ditch licence fee — financial blackhole looming Prior to Brie joining Virgin River, she was raped by her former colleague, lawyer Don (James Kot). Despite his horrific actions, he wasn't punished and she struggled to deal with the traumatic incident. Shortly after, Brie found out she had a miscarriage, unaware she was pregnant as a result of the rape. So when Don rang her in Virgin River season four, it is safe to say Brie was stunned. When she realised who was calling, Brie hung up on Don and sought comfort from her friend and future sister-in-law Mel Monroe (Alexandra Breckenridge). This was only the beginning though as Don showed up in Virgin River in the series four finale. He said he needed Brie's help to clear his name after "rumours" came out about him raping her and it was starting to circulate at work, damaging his career prospects. Don arrived with a non-disclosure agreement and tried to persuade Brie to sign it. DON'T MISS...Law and Order SVU’s Ice-T exposes real meaning behind stage name [EXPLAINER]Virgin River's Annette O'Toole teases worrying Hope update [UPDATE]Martin Henderson issues stark warning to Virgin River fans [CAST] “It protects both of us. It just says we agree not to discuss our relationship with a third party," Don explained. He went on to state he would leave her alone from now on if Brie signed the contract. However, fed up with running away and letting Don get on with his life as if nothing happened, she stuck up for herself. Brie said: “You raped me. And you’re the one who should have suffered. "But you know what, for all the other women in your life. I can’t let that stand." When asked what she was talking about, Brie clarified she was going to press charges against him. He sarcastically wished her good luck, stating how no one would believe her. In a triumphant moment, Brie sassed back: “Yeah, well we’ll see about that. But if I were you, I would lawyer up. A**hole.” Virgin River is available to watch on Netflix.