Prince George celebrated his birthday on Friday, with thousands of wellwishers coming together to wish the Prince a happy birthday. And even the monarch got involved by sharing a picture of the pair stood next to each other during the final pageant ceremony as part of the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations in June.  The image showed George looking adoringly at the monarch as she smiled while looking at the crowds from the balcony at Buckingham Palace. The snap was posted to the official Royal Family social media pages. Fans were quick to pick up on the heartwarming “bond” the two appear to share, with one fan commenting: “Such a beautiful picture of Prince George with his gan gan! So much love and respect in his eyes for her happy birthday to him!" Another praised the pair's delightful relationship, saying "great-grandmother with great-grandson together, an historic and special moment to cherish".  In 2015, the Duchess of Cambridge revealed that Prince George called the Queen “Gan Gan”. In an interview, Kate said: “George is only two-and-a-half and he calls her 'Gan-Gan.' “She always leaves a little gift or something in their room when we go and stay and that just shows her love for her family." The Queen’s communications team posted the image on Her Majesty’s behalf, and wished Prince George a happy ninth birthday.  READ MORE: Royal Family 'preparing' for Archie and Lilibet's return to UK Fans were also quick to spot the height-difference between the pair, with one user commenting: “The fact he's the same height though.” The monarch wore a bright green outfit paired with a matching hat, as Prince George sported a smart navy blue suit and tie as the duo saw the historic occasion draw to a close. The Queen’s team also shared an image released by the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge on the eve of Prince George’s special day. The photo was taken by mum Kate as her eldest child enjoyed time on the beach. DON'T MISS:Meghan was 'brave' to call out Harry's Eton friends—'we need to do it' [COMMENT]Horror as police cordon off road as forensics on scene [PICTURES]Tragedy as elderly married couple die in horror crash [INSIGHT]  He was wearing a simple pale blue polo shirt and looked perfectly relaxed in the fabulous shot - a world away from some of his recent public appearances - as he enjoys the long summer break. Most recently, Prince George appeared alongside his parents, Prince William and Kate, at Wimbledon where he sat between his two parents. It appeared that William wanted his son to follow in his own footsteps and take George to Wimbledon as his ninth birthday approached, making him the same age he made his own debut alongside his late mother, Princess Diana. The appearance was unexpected as children are not normally invited to sit in the royal box unless they are members of the royal family. 