Gentleman Jack aired for two seasons on the BBC and has since been shown outside of the UK on HBO. This week HBO announced it would not be picking up the Anne Lister (played by Suranne Jones) series for a third outing. However, the BBC offered a glimmer of hope, saying they were "in talks" with writer Sally Wainwright about the TV show's future. The period drama tells the true story of historical figure Anne Lister and her wife Ann Walker (Sophie Rundle). HBO and the BBC have co-produced the series, but the US broadcaster has chosen to take a step back. In a statement, HBO praised writer Sally for her "uniquely compelling vision". They added: "We are incredibly grateful to Sally, to the impeccable Suranne Jones and Sophie Rundle, and to the entire cast and crew for bringing Anne and Ann’s story to life." But the BBC has suggested there could be more to come from Sally in the future. READ MORE: Why has Gentleman Jack been cancelled? "We are tremendously proud of Gentleman Jack, a show which has made a huge cultural impact, and we are in discussions with Sally about what’s next," a BBC spokesperson told Express.co.uk. Sophie Rundle took to Instagram on the day of HBO's announcement to thank fans for their commitment. She said: "I hope the news that there won’t be another series of Gentleman Jack isn’t too disappointing for those who were hoping for more. "What a privilege it has been to play Ann Walker and bring her and Anne Lister’s extraordinary love story back to life. "I am so proud to have been a part of reclaiming their place in history. "I will be forever grateful to have been allowed to spend time in the eye-wateringly talented orbits of Sally and Suranne, and the incredible team of people who brought this story to your screens. "Thank you for being such a kind, funny, creative and supportive fan base. I am overwhelmed by the love this show inspired. And PROUD. So fiercely proud." Sally Wainwright is yet to comment on the future of the series. The BBC did not specify whether their talks were related specifically to season three. DON'T MISS... Gentleman Jack season 3: Writer speaks out on hopes for another series [INSIGHT] Gentleman Jack's Sophie Rundle addresses Ann Walker's 'homophobia' [INTERVIEW] Gentleman Jack writer defends 'predator' Anne Lister [INSIGHT] At this moment in time, there is no definite answer on whether season three will go ahead. It could be that the BBC plans to work with Sally on a different series set in another time period. There is still a lot more of Anne's story left to tell and Gentleman Jack season three could feature flashbacks from Lister's past. A new season could also act as a prequel to the first two seasons. This is because the series does not introduce Anne until late in her life, when she was 41 years old. There is a chance new episodes could explore her childhood and how this influenced the life choices she would come to make. Alternatively, a new series could follow Anne and her wife up until Lister’s death in 1840. There is still about five years of source material left to use as inspiration. Wainwright is also known for her work on Happy Valley, Last Tango in Halifax and Scott & Bailey.  Gentleman Jack is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.