Rick and Morty is returning to screens for yet another season after it became a success on Adult Swim and Netflix. The highly-anticipated season was the top comedy series across US cable last year. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the new series and when it will arrive. Thankfully fans don't have to wait much longer as the new episodes are only a few weeks away. Season six will premiere on Adult Swim on Sunday, September 4 at 11pm Eastern Time. At this moment in time, there is no Netflix or E4 release date for viewers elsewhere. Each episode is expected to air weekly on Sundays at the same time. Michael Ouweleen, president of Adult Swim, has spoken out about the show's return. READ MORE: ‘Floundering’ Harry’s US ambitions savaged by Sharon Osbourne He told Deadline: "It’s hard to overstate the impact of Rick and Morty. "More than a hit show, it is truly a global phenomenon. "As we prepare to launch this soon-to-be iconic season, we will be giving fans a unique way to be part of the fun – so keep your eyes peeled.” More will be revealed soon about how fans can immerse themselves in the Rick and Morty universe. The new season will see the return of Justin Roiland, Sarah Chalke, Chris Parnell and Spencer Grammer. A photo of the title characters has been released and they are both sporting chiselled abs. There is no doubt the attempt to make themselves easier on the eye will have dangerous repercussions. The photo was shared on the show's official Twitter account, with the message: "Ripped and ready - Season 6 coming September 4th." Thousands of fans liked and shared the image and expressed their excitement. DON'T MISS... BBC crisis as 300,000 ditch licence fee — financial blackhole looming [INSIGHT] Rick and Morty spoilers: Evil Morty’s plan foreshadowed in season one [DISCUSSION] Ted Lasso’s Rebecca Welton star joins cast of Dan Harmon’s new show [INSIGHT] The upcoming sixth season was confirmed as part of a long-term deal in May 2018. The deal included an order of 70 new episodes which would air over an unspecified number of seasons. Since then, 20 episodes have aired so there is plenty more to come from the hilarious duo. While the official episode count has not been confirmed, it is likely to be 10. This has been the case for every season, with the exception of the first which contained 11 episodes. In the meantime, fans can enjoy the superhero spin-off series, Vindicators 2. The series is based on the episode titled Vindicators 3: The Return of Worldender. The short videos are between two and three minutes long and are available to watch on the Adult Swim YouTube channel.  Rick and Morty season 6 will air on Adult Swim from September 4.