Prior to his marriage to Princess Beatrice, 33, Edoardo welcomed son Christopher “Wolfie” Woolf. Edoardo, 38, shares Christopher’s parental duties with ex-fiancée Dara Huang, with the couple opting to keep their relationship with their son largely private. But Ms Huang revealed young Christopher to be the “best photographer” during a holiday to the Greek hotspot of Mykonos. She wrote as a caption on a holiday snap of herself on Instagram: "The best photographer is my bubba." Photography is an interest shared by many in the Royal Family ranks, notably Kate, Duchess of Cambridge. Christopher made his first appearance with the Royal Family during the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations earlier this summer. He attended the Pageant which closed the Jubilee celebrations, watching the spectacle alongside his father and step-mother. He was joined by Princess Beatrice’s sister and young Christopher's step-aunt, Princess Eugenie. Princess Beatrice officially gained the title of stepmother when she and Edoardo married in 2020. The ceremony at Windsor included Christopher as a page boy and best man for his father. READ MORE: Queen sends heartwarming birthday message to George Ahead of tying the knot, a source close to the couple said that Edoardo was one of the “best” fathers he could be to his young son, and Beatrice was already a “fantastic step-mummy” to Christopher. They revealed that Christopher had joined Princess Beatrice and Edoardo on holiday, and that the family arrangement was a “really happy” one. They told PEOPLE: “Edo is easily one of the best dads. “He is so involved, he is so committed to this little boy, and Beatrice is already showing that she’s a fantastic step-mummy already. DON'T MISS: Prince Harry backlash: Popular US TV host issues blistering rant [WATCH] Royal Family LIVE: Queen gives Kate and William vital role [LIVE]   Royal POLL: Should Charles and William conduct a joint reign? [VOTE] “They’ve been on family vacations together already. “They are really happy, there’s no better person they could have for a step-mummy.” The source then described Dara and Edo as a "really good unit together" for co-parenting. They said: “Everyone is really happy, they are very supportive. "He’s an awesome father, period, end of story!” Young Christopher also gained a sibling last year, when Princess Beatrice and Edoardo welcomed a baby daughter to the family. As the Palace announced the arrival of the now-ten-month-old Sienna, they nodded to how much Beatrice and Edoardo were “looking forward” to introducing the newborn to Christopher. The statement from the Palace said: "The new baby's grandparents and great-grandparents have all been informed and are delighted with the news. "Her Royal Highness and her child are both doing well, and the couple are looking forward to introducing their daughter to her big brother Christopher Woolf."