  Karren Brady, 53, has defended JK Rowling’s stance on transgender issues following the latest development within the wider world of Harry Potter. Quidditch, a game invented by the author, 56, has been renamed “Quadball” in an attempt to “distance” the sport from the author.     In her latest column, The Apprentice star defended Rowling’s previous comments about the trans community and says she “doubts the author will lose sleep” over her “latest cancellation”. The decision to change the name of Quidditch to “Quadball” has come after two of its governing bodies – the International Quidditch Association (IQA) and Major League Quidditch (MLQ) – expressed concern that Rowling had “increasingly come under scrutiny for her anti-trans positions”. Insisting that Rowling’s previous comments did not necessarily make her “anti-trans”, Brady pointed out that “the sport only exists because she invented it”, and that “without her, no one would be playing it.” “And I wonder if these people so keen to cancel her actually realise that more people agree with her than don’t?” Brady asked. READ MORE: Stacey Solomon and Joe Swash have married in 'joyous' ceremony     “To be clear: I’m not transphobic. But, like JK, I do not want to see my rights and needs eroded. “Calling a woman a woman – and a man a man (where are all the people wanting to cancel the word man?) and wanting female-only toilets, prisons, hospital wards and changing rooms is not transphobic. “We do not want to be called womb carriers, a birthing person, a chest feeder, a cervix owner. We just want to be called what we are. Women,” she concluded in her article for The Sun. Rowling has faced massive backlash for her comments about trans people ever since she first commented on the subject back in 2020.       The children’s author was accused of transphobia back in 2020, when she replied to an article on Twitter with the headline: “Opinion: Creating a more equal post Covid-19 world for people who menstruate.” Rowling wrote underneath: “I’m sure there used to be a word for those people. “Someone help me out. Wumben? Wimpund? Woomud?” While some people agreed with Rowling, her stance also caused substantial backlash, but the author doubled down and continued to explain her views on gender. READ MORE...  Meghan and Harry's appearance 'paint a thousand words' claims host [NEWS] David Warner dead: Titanic and Omen star dies aged 80 [LATEST] Paul O'Grady inundated with support after falling ill [BREAKING]   “I know and love trans people, but erasing the concept of sex removes the ability of many to meaningfully discuss their lives. It isn’t hate to speak the truth,” she insisted. Major stars from the Harry Potter franchise, including Daniel Radcliffe, Emma Watson, Rupert Grint, and Eddie Redmayne all spoke out against her. Fans and notable figures also hit back at the other online following her controversial comments. Mallory Rubin wrote: “Harry Potter is about the magic of love, acceptance, belonging. The power of courage. The impact of hope.      “Trying to take those things away from people is a terrible tragedy. Trans women are women.” Trans activist and author Paris Lees tweeted: “There's just no evidence that me being me is causing problems for any of the other women I've met. “If there are ever any problems between women and trans women they should be dealt with sensitively and sensibly on a case by case basis. Please, for the love of God, leave us alone.” Harry Potter is a series of seven fantasy novels, which spawned a global franchise worth billions.   