Gardeners’ World lead host Monty Don has shared his advice for pruning roses. Monty said one of the most asked questions he gets asked is the “correct way” to prune roses. The gardening expert said the “truthful answer” is that there is no correct way to prune them. Despite how delicate they appear, the expert said roses are “tough” and can be treated like brambles. The plants can be hacked at, bashed and slashed and they will still return. However, certain roses do need to be pruned at certain times of the year. Species roses are adapted to growing in some shade and relatively poor soil. READ MORE: 'Energy bill already 50% less': Crucial guidance to keep costs down A species rose only has a Latin name. A rose that has a Latin name and an English name is not a true species. A species rose is simply one that grows in the wild. Rosa du pontii, for example, which has pale pink petals and a yellow centre, will be flowering on last year’s growth now.  DON'T MISSWhere will Boris Johnson live after he leaves Downing Street? [INSIGHT]How to fix scratched non-stick pans: Baking soda trick to try at home [UPDATE]Boy George's Hampstead home that keeps him 'sane' [ANALYSIS] Pruning these in spring means there will be no flowers on them. Instead, prune them immediately after any flowering has finished. When pruning, Monty suggests cutting right from the base of the plant. The gardening expert said: “That will let light and air into the centre of the shrub and that will stimulate new growth which will start in a week or two. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “[It will] grow for the rest of this summer and may well bear flowers next year.” As well as having pretty flowers, many of these roses will go on to develop into rose hips which are truly decorative in autumn. Monty added: “You don't want to cut off where the flowers have been unless you mind going without the hips. “But species roses are meant to look wild so don't try and constrain and train them.”  Species roses include Purezza, Rosa Cymosa, Rosa Doncasterii and Rosa Rugosa. Species roses and shrub roses can be planted from January to April and from October to December. The plants then flower from May to September. Most shrub roses like a sunny spot but some will thrive in the shade.