The Queen shut down last-minute requests from Meghan and Harry for more prominent seats at their only public appearance during the Platinum Jubilee weekend, according to a royal biographer. Tom Bower told an upcoming episode of the Mirror's Pod Save the Queen podcast that the Duke and Duchess of Sussex tried to sit closer to senior royals at the service of thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral. Harry and Meghan reportedly saw the seating arrangement, which placed them next to fellow non-working royals Princess Eugenie and Jack Brooksbank, as a snub. Instead, they tried to change their seats at the last minute to sit closer to Prince Charles and William, in a bid for more limelight. However, the attempt was blocked by the Queen herself, according to Mr Bower. Mr Bower recently published the bombshell book Revenge: Meghan, Harry and the War Between the Windsors. Harry, who eventually sat far from the senior royals, did not speak to his brother William during the event. JUST IN: Fears of 'dual attack' waiting for monarchy  Mr Bower told the royal podcast: "I was told, unfortunately too late for the book, they were meant to turn up at Wellington Barracks to get on the coach which was set up for the minor royals to go to St Paul's for the Jubilee service. "They arrived deliberately late so the bus had gone and they could make a grand entrance from a car so they could be seen on the steps, which Netflix obviously needed. "And then as they walked down the aisle, they get to the seats in the row they are assigned and I'm told they then asked six other people sitting this side of the aisle could they move down so they could sit on the aisle itself. "And the usher apparently said to them 'you can't, you're sitting in seats eight or nine' or whatever it was and Harry said 'why?'  "And the usher said 'that's what your grandmother ordered'. I'm told that from a military man." After the service, the Sussexes were noticeably absent from a lunch with prominent officials at the Guildhall. The service at St Paul's also marked their only public appearance on the Jubilee as they skipped the star-studded Party at the Palace on Saturday night and the Jubilee Pageant on Sunday. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: 'Embarrassment' Sussex row as Americans lose it [LIVE BLOG]Powerful UK rocket launchers to force Putin into humiliating retreat [VIDEO]Harry and Meghan urged to ‘stay away’ from Balmoral [POLL]  The explosive claims from Mr Bower echo similar remarks from the royal editor of Vanity Fair, Katie Nicholl, who has claimed that Harry and Meghan's decision to not appear more publicly at the Jubilee was due to their demoted status. She told True Royalty TV's The Royal Beat show: “I honestly think it’s because they knew that they wouldn’t be in that front row. "And why did they leave the Royal Family? They left because they weren’t in the front row. "I believe that’s why they weren't at the other celebrations as they did not have centre stage seats.” READ NEXT: Royal Family LIVE: 'Embarrassment' Sussex row as Americans lose itRoyal fans gush over ‘classic’ Sophie Wessex in ‘fabulous’ frock Queen set to open doors to pub as monarch scouts for landlordsHarry and Meghan urged to ‘stay away’ from BalmoralHarry 'not the sharpest’ and 'influenced' by 'canny' Meghan 