Day seven of Wimbledon kicked off on Sunday afternoon, with audience members being surprised with a special performance from music legend Sir Cliff Richard. To celebrate the Wimbledon champions over the years and the history of the tennis tournament, Sir Cliff put on a special performance of his hit song Summer Holiday. However, viewers watching the performance were left distracted as they took to their social media accounts to slam the performance. @fpl_pie commented: "This centre court nonsense on BBC1 might be the most nauseating thing I've ever seen, and I've had it on mute since Cliff Richard started singing #Wimbledon." @lPolemikos added: "aw Cliff Richard trending and put on the BBC expecting to see a helicopter flying above his house. Instead, I was "treated" to seeing him sing at Wimbledon." UKtraveljourno slammed: "Please, god, don't say Cliff Richard is about to sing #wimbledon #centrecourt #100years." @MarcherMedia1 exclaimed: "Can someone please put Cliff Richard out of his misery? #Wimbledon." READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Faith Dingle unveils tragic family secret @dan_sahw1987 agreed: "Cliff Richard still making my ears bleed in 2022 #Wimbledon." However, not all viewers had the same opinion on Cliff's performance, with @WhosThatGav praising: "Oh leave Cliff Richard alone you miserable sods. "Like him or not, he's a legend. #Wimbledon." (sic) Before Sir Cliff came onto Centre Court to perform, presenters Sue Barker and John McEnroe made their way into the atrium where the trophies stand. Sue asked John: "You have lifted that three times John, did that feel special?" He explained with joy: "It feels unbelievable! This whole scenario is serious goosebump time when the players are about to go out on the court, but you are super excited." As they walked out onto the court, sound effects of thunder and rain played, to which John shouted: "Woah, you can't be serious! That wasn't in the script, Sue what are we going to do?" Sir Cliff then walked out and began singing, with the audience cheering as he made his way down the stairs. 100 years of Centre Court was celebrated by bringing out the world champions across the years, with Bjorn Borg and Billie Jean King making an appearance. DON'T MISS...Wimbledon viewers in tears over Sue Barker tribute [LATEST]'I feel nervous' Djokovic on edge at Wimbledon ceremony next to Roger [INSIGHT]Sue Barker breaks down and threatens John McEnroe in sad scenes  [WATCH] During day one of the tournament, Sue revealed that 2022 would be her last presenting the world-famous Tennis competition. As the celebrations came to an end, John paid an off-script tribute to his co-star and said: "One final word to the crowd and on behalf of all the players, I just want to say we're going to be lost without you. "After 30 years of covering this tournament magnificently, please give it up for Sue Barker." Sue broke down in tears as she received a standing ovation from every member of the audience and surrounding players. As she struggled to retain her emotions, she expressed: "Thank you. Thank you so much. This is about the tournament, and all I can say is from now on, John McEnroe is going to be commentating on court 17 after that going off-script. "But thank you, that really does mean the world to me, it really does." Billie also paid tribute to Sue as she commented: "You are the very best ever. I want everybody out there to know that. "You have the appreciation, and you just get it. Thank you for everything. Every time you are on television, I get up out of my chair and stomp around. I can't believe you are leaving us." Wimbledon coverage continues on BBC One and the BBC iPlayer.