Manchester United are reportedly eyeing Sergej Milinkovic-Savic in the event their pursuit of Barcelona’s Frenkie de Jong fails to pay off. The Lazio star has long been linked with a move to Old Trafford and a fee of £70million has been floated. However, Express Sport will now take a look at four players the Red Devils could use in a swap deal to lower the 27-year-old’s asking price. United have too many centre-backs at present. As well as landing Lisandro Martinez, Erik ten Hag has the likes of Harry Maguire, Raphael Varane, Victor Lindelof, Axel Tuanzebe and Phil Jones at his disposal. Bailly has had some positive moments during pre-season, catching the eye of supporters in the process. But United are still open to receiving offers for the Ivory Coast international. Therefore, using Bailly to help drive down Milinkovic-Savic’s huge asking price could be a tactic that works. On his day, the former Villarreal star certainly can be a useful asset. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative United want to sign a new right-back this summer. But that transfer will only happen if they’re able to get Aaron Wan-Bissaka off the books. The right-back arrived from Crystal Palace three years ago with many believing he’d go on to become one of the best in his position. But Wan-Bissaka has struggled for consistency and is now firmly behind Diogo Dalot when it comes to Ten Hag’s pecking order. Given he’s young at 24, he’s a player with big potential. So that could appeal to Lazio if United decide to head to the negotiating table for Milinkovic-Savic this summer. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong When United signed Alex Telles from Porto in the summer transfer window of 2020, they expected big things. Yet the Brazil international has struggled for form at left-back and has been trialled as a centre-back by Ten Hag during pre-season. United have added to their full-back options by signing Tyrell Malacia from Feyenoord. And that, essentially, means the writing is on the wall for Telles and his future at the club. He previously struggled in Italy with Inter Milan but, if he moved to Lazio, the Serie A side would be gaining an experienced head and a dressing room warrior. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. United signed Amad in January 2021. But the Ivory Coast international has often struggled for opportunities and spent the second half of last season on loan at Rangers. With United’s attacking department rather bloated, there’s a feeling Amad would stand a better chance of regular action if he left. And offering him to Lazio would be something the Italian side may be receptive to. Amad’s name is known in the country after he dazzled for Atalanta and the chance to bring him back to Serie A may be too tough for Lazio to turn down. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team Just about every summer, Milinkovic-Savic is linked with a move to United. Jose Mourinho wanted the Serbia international back in 2018, having grown frustrated by Paul Pogba’s lack of consistency at the time. In the end, a move failed to materialise. But the 27-year-old has been tipped to join United just about every year since. So, with their pursuit of De Jong continuing to drag out, will this year be the one where he finally leaves the Stadio Olimpico? Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here