Arsenal would demand around £33.8million (€40m) for defender Gabriel, according to reports. However, Juventus are claimed to be confident they can sign the Brazilian at a discount price. Juve have been linked with Gabriel for several months. The centre-back formed a successful partnership with Ben White at the Emirates last season. He only joined the Gunners from Lille in 2020 and has three years remaining on his contract. But Arsenal's resolve looks set to be tested by the Serie A giants. Juve look set to sell star defender Matthijs de Ligt in this window. Bayern Munich appear to be favourites to sign the Holland international, though Chelsea are also interested. READ MORE: Man Utd ‘have two Frenkie de Jong alternatives’ as Christian Eriksen due to fly out  Italian football expert Alfredo Pedulla claims Gabriel is one player Juve will target as a potential replacement for De Ligt. He claims new contact was made between Juve and Arsenal on Sunday regarding a potential transfer. And Juve believe they can strike a deal at a lower fee than Arsenal's price tag of £33.8m. The departure of De Ligt would bring in a substantially higher fee than that. The report says an offer of £67.7m, with bonuses to take it to up to £76.2m, would be enough for Juve to sell. But Juve are hopeful of spending less than half of that on Gabriel so they can bring in another signing. Roma midfielder Nicolo Zaniolo is a top target for Massimiliano Allegri. Gabriel is not the only defender Juve are looking at in case De Ligt does leave. DON'T MISSArsenal's stance on Lucas Paqueta and Youri Tielemans transfers as Gunners finish plansMan Utd ‘given Frenkie de Jong assurances' with Cristiano Ronaldo update due todayTottenham flop tells super agent Kia Joorabchian to find him new club after Conte snub  Kalidou Koulibaly continues to be linked with a move away from Napoli. The Senegal star is yet to give Napoli an answer on their offer of a renewal. Losing Gabriel could be a big blow to Arsenal and Mikel Arteta. However, William Saliba is set to return to the club this summer following his successful loan spell at Marseille last season. Arteta made it clear in May he wants Saliba as part of his squad next term and explained why he was sent out on loan for a third time. He said: "He has to come back. He has the experience and the environment necessary to be competitive with us. "If he had stayed with us this year, with a match of Premier League a week, with Ben White and Gabriel, he wouldn't have had half the playing time he had with Marseille, that's for sure. For his growth and what he can do next season that wouldn't have been good." 