The channel wants to stage two standalone hour-long programmes hosted by veteran broadcaster Alastair Stewart. GB News, launched in June last year, claims that “tens of thousands of active Conservative members and supporters now count themselves among our most loyal and engaged viewers”. It wants to draw out their views on issues including Brexit, migration policy, taxation, law and order. The programmes would be simultaneously aired on its DAB+ radio channel, understood to have more than more than 250,000 listeners. In a letter to each of the candidates, they are invited to “present your case for being chosen to lead this great country of ours on The People’s Channel.” It is hoped the programmes will air on August 29 and 30, ahead of the announcement of the new Tory leader on September 5. In the letter to both candidates, head of news at GB News Mick Booker said: "Our formula of giving every viewpoint which commands significant public support a fair hearing has proved a massive hit with viewers and disrupted the cosy club of pre-existing news broadcast channels and programmes, many of which filtered out opinions which do not coincide with fashionable metropolitan mindsets. "I know that tens of thousands of active Conservative members and supporters now count themselves among our most loyal and engaged viewers.  "The idea is not to subject you to the kind of gladiatorial format that typifies other set-piece interviews, but to give you the chance to set out your views in a more reflective fashion, in keeping with Alastair’s well-established interviewing style." He promised a different style to the debates run by ITV, Channel 4, the BBC and Sky. "Of course, those views will be tested and scrutinised through moderated questions from the audience, but we do not set out in search of “Gotcha” moments or high-octane clashes. "We aim to draw out the overall thinking of each contender to be the next Prime Minister on the issues closest to our viewers and listeners’ hearts, including Brexit, migration policy, taxation, law and order and much else besides. "Each forum be simulcast on our DAB+ radio channel, currently the UK’s fastest-growing radio station with more than 250,000 listeners." Tomorrow (MON), Mr Sunak and Ms Truss will go head to head for the first time in a BBC debate in Stoke-on-Trent at 9pm. On Tuesday, the pair will face each other again on TalkTV at 6pm for The Sun’s Showdown: The Fight for No 10. And on August 4, Sky News will host a debate featuring questions from a studio audience.