More than two dozen workers on board an industrial support ship are feared to have died after the ship broke in two. A dangerous storm is thought to have caused the ship to break, with planes and helicopters scrambled to the scene in the South China Sea in a bid to look for survivors.  Hong Kong officials sent two fixed-wing aircraft and four helicopters to aid the rescue effort. So far only three out of 30 of those on board the vessel have been safely recovered. According to the Hong Kong Government Flying Service, the vessel was 160 nautical miles (296km) southwest of Hong Kong and “suffered substantial damage and broke into two pieces”. It added the 30-member crew abandoned ship. Read More: South China Sea feud erupting as Australia warns of ‘war with China' The origin or name of the ship has not yet been divulged, however, crew were contending with a fierce storm at the time of the wreck. Tropical storm Chaba had unleashed winds of 110km/h (68mph) making it very difficult to navigate for the crew. The three rescued workers said their fellow crew may have been swept away by waves before the first helicopter arrived on scene. Now rescue services have said they will increase the search area "due to the large number of people missing”. DON'T MISSPutin humiliated after Russian navy sinks one of its OWN ships [INSIGHT]Kate Bush's £2.5m home hangs off cliff and risks falling into the sea [ANALYSIS]At least 19 killed in their homes as Russian missiles destroy flats [PICTURES] Emergency services may also search into the night if conditions permit. Tropical storm Chaba triggered typhoon warnings and caused businesses to close across the global financial hub. Heavy rain and fierce winds also suspended public transport. On Saturday afternoon as Chaba was set to make landfall near Zhanjiang in China's Guangdong province. The typhoon warning was first set on Thursday, the same day Chinese President Xi Jinping arrived in the city to commemorate the 25th anniversary of its handover from Britain to China. Storm Chaba has now been downgraded, but "extremely heavy" deluges are forecast to bring up to 24 inches (600mm) of rainfall in some areas. The National Meteorological Center's chief forecaster, Gao Shuanzhu said: "The abundant monsoon water vapour will lead to intense downpours and huge cumulative rainfall of an extreme nature." Express.co.uk will update this page with any updates.