Princess Diana wore several show-stopping outfits during her lifetime, especially after her split from Prince Charles in 1992. But one outfit which stands out is her famous 'revenge dress' that she wore to a Vanity Fair party at the Serpentine Gallery in London in 1994. That same night, Prince Charles had revealed on the television special 'Charles: The Private Man, The Public Role' that he had been faithful to Diana until their marriage had "irretrievably broken down".  Rather than sit at home and ponder the breakdown of her marriage, Diana donned an off-the-shoulder black dress by Christina Stambolian which was dubbed the 'revenge dress' by commentators. According to body language expert Judi James, Diana's demeanour sent a message of "victory" rather than "mourning" on that evening in London. Ms James told Express.co.uk: "It’s a shame the dress got all the glory here because it was actually Diana’s body language that was truly iconic and an intentional statement to the world of how she planned to proceed post-split. "Arriving at the Serpentine Gallery, her speed of movement signalled a sense of energy and enthusiasm, with a wide, determined stride and a smile of what looked like victory rather than mourning for a lost marriage.  READ MORE: Prince Charles takes on new role as he is given new title "Her hand was thrown out from a distance to offer what looked like a very energetic handshake and there seemed to be a feeling that she was about to start enjoying life at last." The body language expert highlighted the contrast between Diana's 'revenge dress' moment and her demeanour while wearing another famous black gown back in 1981. The young Lady Diana Spencer looked incredibly shy while attending a fundraising event with Prince Charles at Goldsmiths' Hall just months before her wedding. She wore a strapless black taffeta gown designed by David and Elizabeth Emanuel, the duo who also designed her wedding dress.   Diana's discomfort in the royal spotlight that evening was clear for all to see, and Princess Grace of Monaco helped involve Diana in a conversation between her and Charles. But after splitting from Prince Charles in the 1990s, Diana fully embraced that she was a royal icon in her own right and her confidence reached new heights. Ms James added: "One important signal from the dress was that of a complete change of emotional state for Diana.  DON'T MISS:Prince Harry 'less forgiving' than William after Charles blame [INSIGHT]Prince William 'got closer' to Charles after 'iciness' of Diana' death [ANALYSIS]Meghan and Kate's engagement rings share one key connection [PICTURES] "Her first public engagement with Charles involved a long black evening gown with a similar, revealing neckline and at the time we saw her wearing it with signals of shyness and hesitation bordering on embarrassment. "Here though we saw the woman who could carry off an even sexier-looking dress with utter confidence, flair and aplomb." At the Serpentine Gallery event in 1994, Diana paired her knock-out dress with a pair of simple black pumps and sheer black tights. And for an extra dose of glamour, she donned an iconic pearl choker with an enormous central sapphire, and a pair of dangling pearl earrings. 