The petition, listed on ActionStorm, was started by a membership-based pressure group campaigning for the abolition of the monarchy and its replacement with a directly elected head of state. Titled “Scrap the royals’ power to change our laws”, the petition has so far received over 5,000 signatures.  It reads: “Prince Charles and the Queen have the power to insist new laws are tailored to suit their private needs. This has got to stop. “New reports in The Guardian on the 28th June, show Prince Charles put pressure on the Major government in 1993 to change new leasehold legislation, effectively preventing his tenants from buying their homes, denying them the same rights as everyone else in the country. “Letters published reveal that this is one of at least four occasions the Windsor family have used the ‘Queen’s consent’ procedure to vet acts that have changed leasehold laws since the 1960s. And this is only one area of legislation where Royal interference has been uncovered. “More recently, it was revealed that the Queen lobbied the Scottish government to exempt her estates from important environmental protection legislation.”  It comes as a Scottish government memo revealed that it is "almost certain" that Nicola Sturgeon secretly changed legislation to secure the Queen's approval. Known as the Queen’s consent, Her Majesty is given advanced sight of proposed laws that could affect her public powers and personal property. The Queen’s consent must be sought before the relevant legislation can be approved by parliament. In Scotland, the procedure is known as the crown consent, with the Guardian reporting that there was at least 67 instances identified in which Scottish bills were vetted by the Queen.  READ MORE: Harry 'now regrets' huge Meghan Markle gamble as fears for Prince The monarch’s representatives have refused to say how many times she requested alterations to legislation as part of this procedure. Buckingham Palace and the government have insisted the process is “purely formal” and claim the Queen does not use the procedure to change the nature of draft bills. The petition continued: “These are separate from measures she took to change legislation to prevent the disclosure of her public wealth. The Queen has also successfully lobbied for an exemption from workplace race discrimination laws. This procedure, in which the Queen and Prince Charles are asked to give their consent to laws before they are passed, is referred to as ‘Queen’s Consent’. “The ‘Queen’s Consent’ has been used for more than 1000 laws that have been passed - and so far, we have only just scratched the surface in understanding how and when the Royal family have been involved in lobbying UK governments to change legislation to benefit their estates and wealth. DON'T MISS:Harry to launch ANOTHER British lawsuit [INSIGHT]Oil price surge: UK motorists erupt with fury as oil hits £88 [COMMENT]Tories in Camden throw Boris under the bus [OPINION]  “If you believe this secretive royal interference is an outrage to our democratic values, please sign our petition and together, we will send a message - this must stop.” Aaron, who signed the petition, wrote: “It's disgraceful the way the royal family are allowed to manipulate the system so that they can continue to take more money from the hard-working citizens of this country, whilst at the same time be able to hide their sleazy underhanded antics from being made public.” Annette who also signed the petition added: “I think that it's a joke that the royal family are allowed to do that. There are some things that the royal family should not be interfering with. I thought that parliament had taken away the royal family's prerogative to pass laws because of Charles the first and other monarchs that abused their power. “I am a firm believer in the country being run by the people for the people. I think Charles will be interfering a lot more than he does now. He has never lived on the breadline or known what it is to want or to go hungry.” 