Beth Mead decided to cut her interview short in the immediate aftermath of England's incredible four-goal victory over Sweden in their Euro 2022 semi-final meeting on Tuesday evening. Mead opened the scoring in the first half with a close-range finish before Lucy Bronze, Alessia Russo and Fran Kirby got in on the act to brush Sweden aside under the lights at Bramall Lane. England's players were understandably ecstatic after the final whistle and stayed on the pitch to celebrate with the fans in attendance for around 20 minutes. Mead was poached by the BBC for a post-match interview but quickly opted to put a stop to the conversation in order to join the party with her England team-mates. After giving a few short answers, the reporter asked Mead: "You seem really calm, has it not quite sunk in yet?" "I'm really missing this song, I want to go and get involved," said the England forward before dashing away to celebrate with her fellow players as Neil Diamond's Sweet Caroline blared around the ground. Fran Kirby then got in on the act with a delightful chip that sailed over the goalkeeper to rubber-stamp a hugely impressive win for England against the world's second-highest ranked side. The result saw Sarina Weigman's side reach their first major tournament final since 2009 in emphatic fashion and their focus will now be on finishing the job against either France or Germany at Wembley on Sunday. "I think at the full-time whistle we didn't really know what to do, but as you can tell it's an unbelievable atmosphere and we're excited to be in the final," added Mead. "I enjoyed it. [My goal] came at a good time after they had a few chances. It was good to get ourselves in front and I'm happy to help the team again." Meanwhile, former England defender Alex Scott fought back tears at the final whistle as she expressed her pride in the Lionesses after their latest thumping victory on the continental stage at Euro 2022. "It's hard for me not to get emotional right now because the amount of investment and everything that has gone into the women's game is for a moment [like this], for this team to get to Wembley," explained Scott. "They're doing something special. They deserve every accolade that is coming their way. But the staff, the FA investment, everybody involved in women's football have been waiting for this moment and it's special." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here