In a bid to meet net-zero carbon emission targets, the UK Government has committed to phasing out the sale of new petrol and diesel vehicles by 2030. Sales of hybrid vehicles will also cease in 2035 meaning electric vehicles will take prominence on British roads. In 2020, sales of electric vehicles grew by 185.9 percent to 108,205 units while plug-in hybrids rose 91.2 percent to 66,877 according to data released by the RAC. READ MORE: Drivers urged to choose hybrids over EVs – ‘No need to worry about charging points' Hybrid vehicles run off a small battery in combination with a petrol or diesel engine while a plug-in hybrid has a larger battery which requires external charging. An electric car relies on a battery pack and must be plugged in to charge and by 2030, the UK expects to have 300,000 public electric vehicle charge points available – almost five times the number of fuel pumps today. Ryan Fulthorpe, motoring expert at GoCompare, claimed that hybrid vehicles may be a better choice for drivers now. He told Express.co.uk earlier this month: “Hybrid vehicles offer motorists the flexibility of both a combustion engine and also an electric vehicle, so should you be a driver who mixes short journeys with extended trips along the motorway, then hybrid vehicles may be for you. “Hybrid vehicles are also cheaper to run than a combustion engine, but you don’t compromise on the driving experience. “And as well as the cost savings, you won't be trying to Google 'nearest electric charging point' as hybrids have the functionality to charge their own batteries. “And of course, hybrid vehicles are better for the environment.” DON'T MISS: Electric car drivers urged to make use of little-known battery tips [ADVICE]Electric car charger installation may end up in 'potential disaster' [INSIGHT]Soaring oil prices leading to cheaper used cars [REPORT] Yet Quentin Willson, the founder of FairCharge and a former TopGear presenter has urged drivers to swap to electric vehicles. He told Express.co.uk: “Hybrid cars are not as good as an electric car. This is simply because your electric range in real-life driving is between 20-30 miles. And the rest of the time you spend using a combustion engine. “There is that feeling that I’ve always got the engine to back me up if I ran out of electricity but in practice, you don’t need that for EVs. To be honest, the ranges of EVs are getting so good. “My car does 270 miles easily on one charge. If I had a hybrid I’d kind of be thinking why didn’t I go for a fully electric car.” So how about YOU? Would you choose an EV or a hybrid for now? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below.