The misnomer of ‘smart meter’ has attained such commonality that I reckon it rivals The Beatles for UK name-recognition. Even those who don’t submit to the sacrament of The Installation can’t escape the miserable barrage of letters, emails and online account notifications nudging us to welcome these ridiculous devices into our homes.    As a recent victim of this annoying roll-out, I was utterly aghast when the uselessness of my new meter became apparent. Following an onslaught of recommendations from EDF, I’d decided to put this matter to the top of my life admin list. Feeling an instant self-satisfaction as I logged on to book an appointment, I was shocked at the weeks-long waiting time and the fact that installations seemed only to be available during working hours. These things must be really popular, I thought. They must be incredibly useful. I must have one. READ MORE ON SMART METER WARNINGS HERE    Weeks later, a bloke came around to my block of flats in East London at around midday. I descended the many steps from the top floor (there’s no lift) and opened the door to the room in which every electricity meter for the building is stored then left him to it. Installation complete, he came up to my flat to mumble something about the gadget in his hands, explaining that it will tell me in real-time how much my electricity usage is costing. The only problem, he added, is that the device isn’t connected right now. Sometimes the connection drops, he said, but I'd be able to pop downstairs and hold it next to the meter to re-establish the display in such instances. As I walked down the stairs to do so after he’d left, it occurred to me that if the display needs to be near the meter to re-establish a lost connection, said connection will most likely be severed by the time I got back upstairs. DON'T MISS: Sunak sets UK up for 'big collapse' as hammer blow hits PM hopeful [INSIGHT]Carer offered disabled woman dog biscuits [REPORT]Fuel protests threaten more travel chaos for summer [ANALYSIS] Sure enough, I returned to my flat to see the unimpressive, sad sight of the display reading: ‘Connection lost.’ After a quick Google, I found this to be a common problem. But that was all right - you could get a booster! Only then would I have the ability to stare at the bill I’m racking up every second of the day. I emailed EDF asking why their worker wasn’t equipped with a booster, as now I’d have to book another appointment. I received a reply stating that EDF doesn’t offer boosters to customers. Not having the heart to throw away the display, mine now sits emasculated and redundant, blinking sadly about its isolation from its betrothed downstairs. I haven’t even been granted the grim satisfaction of pointing out that my readings are inaccurate, a story familiar to millions across the country.  All of which is to say: This has been utterly pointless. I was under the impression that the reason there is such a push for smart meters was because they are useful. But after looking into how such items can save you cash, it turns out that the only way is by obsessively tracking the numbers on your display to save a few pence. It’s not like having a smart meter puts you on a different energy rate. It just tells you, moment by moment, that you are spending money. Which I know, because I can see when an electronic device is turned on. By using my eyes. As for the exact amount of cash being available to view every second, I can see that some people would find this a useful reminder of the money they are haemorrhaging. However, if you’re like me, seeing a few pence here and there is nowhere near as effective as remembering the massive bill that landed in your inbox last month. That makes you think about spending. That makes you cut back, as it shows how those seemingly insignificant pennies build up into a hefty sum. And if you’re really too daft not to be able to translate that big bill into smaller chunks of electric activity, then I honestly don’t think a smart meter will help you to find the common sense which has hitherto eluded you. It seems to me that the only purpose a smart meter can serve is to remind you of the miserable inevitability of handing over more of your cash at the end of the month. I’m quietly glad that my smart meter turned out to be pointless. Already I had a sense of trepidation at the daily beatings of my psyche. These tools seemed designed to patronise, raising a proverbial eyebrow as you commit the mortal sin of watching TV. I’m simply bewildered at the energy being put into the promotion of devices that, for people who live in a block of flats like mine, simply do not deliver. The only positive to come from this experience is that perhaps, just perhaps, I won’t be bothered on a regular basis anymore. Then again, they could probably find another excuse.  