The tory leadership hopeful last night debated her rivals in a Channel 4 debate. Despite her support for the climate change agenda, she noted that some pause was required to take some financial pressure off the British public. Ms Mordaunt told voters the next Prime Minister will have to be “realistic” about what was needed to hit net zero targets. She said that green levies are “clobbering families and businesses”. This aspect of the policy does, she added, “need to be looked at”. In an article published in the Telegraph earlier this week, Ms Mordaunt argued the push for net zero would, in fact, be a job booster, not detractor. She wrote that under the climate plans, “we believe that up to three million green jobs could be generated by 2030”. The leadership hopeful described the positives as “creating the apprenticeships, news jobs and training opportunities right across our United Kingdom”. She delivered a similar message in her Channel 4 appearance, alongside warnings of the policy’s potential damage. Ms Mordaunt argued that the progress to net zero “has to contribute towards our industrial renaissance and levelling up”. READ MORE: Harry ‘wanted to return to California fast’ after Philip’s funeral She added: “This potentially can deliver thousands of jobs and create, in some cases, new industries for the UK.” The Tory candidate received a blow to her campaign earlier this week when former Brexit Minister Lord Frost suggested she would be an incompetent Prime Minister. He also argued that the next leader of the country should not be driven by a desire to reach net zero by 2050, given the economic costs of the plan. DON'T MISS: Hated Brexit deal ‘could shatter UK’ [OPINION] Farage blasts those blaming conflict in Ukraine for inflation [NEWS] Britons blast Tories and Labour who are ‘as bad as each other’ [OPINION] Lord Frost told talkTV: “She was my deputy – notionally, more than really – in the Brexit talks last year. “I felt she did not master the detail that was necessary in the negotiations last year. She wouldn't always deliver tough messages to the European Union when that was necessary. “She wasn't fully accountable, she wasn't always visible. Sometimes I didn't even know where she was. “This became such a problem that, after six months, I had to ask the Prime Minister to move her on and find somebody else to support me.” Despite this criticism, Ms Mordaunt yesterday topped a poll of young conservatives to become the next PM. Kemi Badenoch and Rishi Sunak came in joint second place. Critics, however, pointed to the fact only 158 people were questioned for the poll.