Conservative Party leadership candidate and current Trade Minster Penny Mordaunt has stated that she will cut fuel duty by 50 percent if she were to become Prime Minister. Nawaz Haq, Executive Director at SulNOx Group Plc, said pledges by a number of candidates vying to become the next leader of the Conservative Party were designed to grab headlines. He added that they were unsustainable and poorly targeted towards those most in need. Mr Haq said: “In the current climate, of course, reductions in taxes would be welcomed but they have to be effectively targeted and be sustainable. “Based on reports we have seen across the UK and Europe, more aggressive fuel duty cuts may not be the right route to helping those most severely affected by the cost of living crisis.” There were fears that petrol and diesel costs would breach the £2 per litre barrier, although average costs have remained below that level. READ MORE: Furious British drivers slam ‘nonsense’ air con rule Currently, motorists looking to fill up will see an average petrol price of 188.76p a litre, with diesel at 196.96p per litre. A recent poll from FairFuelUK found that 83 percent of voters saw cutting fuel duty as a priority. Dr Jonathan Marshall, a leading official at the International Monetary Fund (IMF), added that tax cuts would be a mistake and could fuel inflation further. He said: “There is clear rationale for Government helping those for whom higher transport costs are squeezing budgets. DON'T MISSUrgent heatwave warning issued to electric car owners [WARNING]Drivers urged to use little-known air con trick [INSIGHT]Motorists warned of massive £5,000 fines for wearing certain clothes [SHOCKING] “But doing so through cheaper fuel would see more benefits flow to those who are in less need of help. “In fact, by spending more than twice as much on petrol per week as the poorest tenth of households, the richest tenth of families would pocket most of the savings on offer.” A recent report by the New Economics Foundation highlighted that the combination of cutting fuel duty by 5p and changes to National Insurance contributions will result in just £90 a year being put back in the pockets of the poorest tenth of households. This can be compared to a staggering £580 rate for the richest 10 percent of households. Mr Haq continued, saying: “There is also another issue here that we can’t ignore. We are in the midst of a climate crisis as well as a cost of living crisis, but one does not mitigate the other. “If we refuse to tackle the climate crisis, it is again the poorest in our society who will suffer. “It is interesting that, while the country swelters and a national emergency is declared due to the effects of climate change, the subject has barely entered the leadership contest.” He added that the UK Government has encouraged businesses to adopt greener and cleaner vehicles. This was highlighted by the end of the red diesel rebate and the long-standing Plug-in Car Grants. He added that any suggestions of tax cuts have to be understood and targeted properly. They should be sustainable both in terms of the economy and the climate. He concluded: “By the Government’s own admission, a fuel duty cut cannot be good for the environment and goes against the fabric of the Government’s Net Zero Strategy, which is currently in the midst of being legally challenged. “I know it is not a popular thing to say, but we cannot look at short-term gain that will cause real long-term suffering.”