Kheerat Panesar (played by Jaz Deol) turned his back on his mother Suki Panesar (Balvinder Sopal) after discovering her involvement in Jags Panesar’s (Amar Adatia) death. The EastEnders businessman sets out to buy his mum out of the family empire in next week’s episodes and could team up with new arrival Dr Nina Gupta(Hersha Verity) to take over the square.   EastEnders fans will know Mick Carter (Danny Dyer) will be departing Walford after the actor confirmed his exit from the BBC soap. As the landlord of the Queen Vic, Mick will be sorely missed and it’s not yet clear who will take over the iconic role. In next week’s episodes, Kheerat tries to buy his mum out of the family business. Suki will be left crushed when she later learns Kheerat has spoken to Nina and the pair have frozen her out. Could ambitious Kheerat step into Mick’s shoes with the help of equally ambitious Nina? Read more: EastEnders theory: Beloved resident exits as proposal rejected     Speaking about her new role, Hersha teased that the new addition to the square has her sights set on projects “beyond the surgery”. Hersha said: “When I read Nina’s character breakdown, I thought, I want to play her. “She sounds like she has all these qualities I aspire to have.” “Complete confidence, no fear of failure, goes after what she wants,” Hersha continued.      “So that side of her I was so drawn to, then her connection to the Panesar family was interesting. “There is a lot more to her that is slowly starting to unfold. “She has a few wants and goals of her own that go far beyond the surgery. So I am excited for that to unfold!” In upcoming episodes, EastEnders fans may see a blossoming professional relationship develop between Kheerat and Nina.  DON'T MISSEastEnders theory: Stacey Slater pregnant but Kheerat isn't the father [INSIGHT]EastEnders theory: Karen Taylor embarks on affair after Mitch split [SPOILER]EastEnders theory: Phil Mitchell death sealed as icon Peggy returns [THEORY]      Although it’s not yet known how Mick will exit the soap, the role of Queen Vic landlord will become available. Nina may suggest to Kheerat that the iconic pub could be the ideal project for the family empire. Will Suki find a way to reunite with Kheerat or will he and Nina continue to push her out? EastEnders have seen Suki’s children turn against her in recent episodes.      Ash and Suki have always had a rocky relationship and things have recently come from bad to worse. As Ash and Nina work together at the new Walford surgery, will their friendship push Suki further away? EastEnders star Hersha revealed she thinks Nina and Ash will get on well. She said: “I think Ash is a great character. I think she is feisty and speaks her mind, she can be quite emotional and reactive, but Nina likes that. “I feel like perhaps maybe she could be a good sounding board for Ash when it comes to pleasing her mum. I would hope they get on really well and be a team.” EastEnders airs on BBC One from Monday to Thursday at 7.30pm.   