Series five landed on Monday, and the school drama's long-awaited return was met with enthusiasm by viewers. Speaking to Express.co.uk and other media, Megan talked about taking on the already-established Ackley Bridge role. She suggested Marina's vulnerable side could land her in danger in the current series of the Channel 4 favourite.  Megan explained: "[Marina] puts on this front for everyone, because she does she comes across really confident, she comes like she knows exactly who she is to the world. "But where she fits and whether her being who she really is enough to feel accepted by her family and by her friends and the people around her [is questionable]. "I think she's created this lifestyle and life on social media, in school. "But it gives her massive amounts of anxiety to try and keep this up. READ MORE: ‘I cheated!’ Blue Bloods’ Tom Selleck speaks out on avoiding injury "And whether people will find out the truth of what life is really like for her at home, and how she's really feeling about herself and what's actually going on behind closed doors in terms of what she has to deal with... "But I do feel like she isn't afraid to put people in their place. "There's a lot about her I absolutely love and I'd never want to change." With Marina clearly suffering in silence, it's possible she could end up in real trouble. The cast talked about how the series explores the dangers of social media - could Marina end up in a difficult situation? Trying to hide her suffering is likely to lead to some complex dramas for the schoolgirl. Before series five, it was announced Carla Woodcock would not return as Marina. Morgan explained how she prepared to step into the role. DON'T MISS... GB News host blasts Queen's ‘tokenism’ on George Cross NHS award [LATEST]Christine McGuinness addresses marriage issues with Paddy [VIDEO]Coronation Street fans gobsmacked by pre-watershed sex scenes [THEORY] "I was quite nervous at first, I'm not going to lie," she admitted. "But I think for me, it was about understanding who she is and respecting what's been done before. "And [then] getting as much information as I can from the previous series and then creating my own version of what I see Marina as and threading all of that together." The Channel 4 series hasn't been on screens since April 2021, but viewers will be glad when Monday marks a return to the classroom. The Channel 4 synopsis for season five reads: "Life gets complicated for Marina (Megan Morgan), Kayla’s popular Queen Bee sister, just as her younger brother Kyle (Adam Little), Ackley’s newest pupil and troublemaker, turns up at school, fresh out of juvie. "It’s been a year already jam-packed with love triangles, catfishing, compulsive liars and one utterly joyous (albeit failed) gypsy wedding. "But it’s not over until the last school bell rings and there’s still plenty of time before the sun breaks on the summer holidays…" Ackley Bridge continues on Tuesday at 10pm on Channel 4.