BBC presenter Sue Barker was left in stitches after weather reporter Carol Kirkwood cleared up any confusion over her age following comments made on the first day of Wimbledon. This year's tournament marks the 100th year at the current ground and at Centre Court following a move from Worple Road in 1922. Kirkwood made a comment about the 2022 edition of Wimbledon being Barker's last appearance as a presenter in SW19 after 30 years of service, alongside the tournament celebrating a century at the current grounds. Barker acknowledged there being an obvious confusion between the two, jokingly calling Kirkwood out for wording the two so close together. But the one-time Grand Slam champion was left in stitches after Kirkwood made a witty reply. "Now we're sitting here basking in the sunshine, so we can find out what the weather holds for today and the rest of the week," Barker said. "But first of all Carol, I was watching on day one and I was slightly worried when you mentioned that it was my final Wimbledon and the 100th celebration. "I didn't like those two things being put together, I've been here a long time but not 100 years." And she was left in creases by Kirkwood, who replied: "Well all I can say Sue is, it's lucky I got them the right way around wasn't it. "Joking, only, you know I love you." Barker has hosted tennis coverage since 1985, where she commentated for Channel 7 in Australia. She joined Wimbledon's coverage in 1993 under Harry Carpenter, although she succeeded him as host the year after and has anchored the Championships since 2000. The 66-year-old star has become synonymous with the coverage as the BBC's main anchor. Barker will oversee one final exhilarating end to the men's singles, with Novak Djokovic, Nick Kyrgios, Rafael Nadal and British star Cameron Norrie all vying for a place in the semi-finals. Elsewhere, Tatjana Maria, Ons Jabeur, Simona Halep and Elena Rybakina will all battle it out as the top seeds for a place in the women's singles semi-finals. The women's final takes place on Saturday on Centre Court, whilst the men's takes place on the Sunday.