Jack James Ryan, 26, of Coronation Street has bid farewell to his co-star Lucy Avison after she announced she was leaving the show. The actor, who is known for playing Lucy's on-screen boyfriend Jacob Hay on the ITV soap sung her praises as he said farewell. Jack said farewell to Lucy, who played Chloe Pearson for nine episodes on the show.  Despite being initially contracted for only one episode, it turned into a much longer run on the show for Lucy than expected.  Taking to Twitter, she penned: “Hey folks! Just letting you know that tonight is my last appearance as Chloe Pearson @itvcorrie.  “I had such a wonderful experience, what started as one episode became nine!! READ MORE: Stacey Solomon and Joe Swash have married in 'joyous' ceremony  “I am so looking forward to seeing what comes next and forever grateful for the opportunity xx," she ended her post.  Jack responded to her Tweet, writing: “You’ve been brilliant Lucy xx.”  Vicky Myers, who plays DS Swain, wrote: “It was a joy to meet you Lucy and you were brilliant, as always!  “Hope our paths cross again!” @GriffinTrish said: “You were brilliant. I hope you get to come back but I don’t want Abby and Kevin to have any more problems.”  @Red_devil_pete wrote: “Good luck! You played that part really well.”  It comes after Jack spoke on Lorraine in May about the importance of young men checking for cancer symptoms.  He was diagnosed at the age of 19 with testicular cancer and explained he thought the cancer was only to be found in “old men.” READ MORE... Meghan and Harry's appearance 'paint a thousand words' claims host [NEWS] David Warner dead: Titanic and Omen star dies aged 80 [LATEST] Paul O'Grady inundated with support after falling ill [BREAKING]    The star explained to Lorraine Kelly: “I didn’t even know it was a thing that would happen to young men.  “I thought it was an old man cancer. When I found out it was really common in young men, I thought, ‘Wow, why didn’t I know about this? Why didn’t we know about this?’  “I mean, getting to tell that story on something like Coronation Street with Jacob would be amazing for me.  “It was a crazy time but I’ve come through the other side. It's been a really positive experience so I want to be able to tell that story," he added. He later opened up on the details of his recovery, saying he had replacement surgery on his testicles and “a bit of chemo” afterwards. Jack added that he was over the moon, as he was now able to “go on the cobbles every day.” The actor has been on the show since February 2021. He has also appeared in other shows such as Emmerdale, Casualty, and Doctors.