In May 2022, new post-Brexit rules came into force in Spain, meaning British expats are now unable to drive in the country on their British licence. Though both countries had been in talks regarding this rule, since the change any expats who have been resident for more than six months and have not exchanged their UK licence for a Spanish one will no longer be able to drive. UK licences will only be recognised for six months from the date a person took up residence in Spain. The law applies to UK, Gibraltar, Jersey, Guernsey and Isle of Man licences. To obtain a Spanish licence, Britons would need to pass both a practical and a theory driving test. Anyone driving without an appropriate licence in Spain could face fines ranging from €10 up to €500. READ MORE:' How to get free drinks and upgrades': Flight attendant shares tricks According to Spanish News Today, motorists driving on expired licences will be fined €200, and in the event that the driver has had his licence revoked, the penalty goes up to €500. Following an outcry from Britons, both Governments said they would resume talks to negotiate a deal where expats can change licences without needing to take a Spanish practical driving test. However, so far, nothing further has emerged from the talks. READ MORE: Cruising: Jane McDonald’s home comfort she can’t travel without  A Foreign Office spokesperson said: "An agreement to swap UK driving licences for Spanish licences has not yet been reached. From May 1st, UK licence holders who have been resident in Spain for more than six months and did not exchange their licence during the transition period will no longer be able to drive legally in Spain. “We have agreed to rapidly accelerate talks, and are urging the Spanish government to bring forward interim measures." Spanish expat newspaper the Olive Press has started a petition dubbed the "U-turn Campaign", rallying for rules to be reversed. The petition, which is live on the Parliament Petitions website, aims to "seek to negotiate mutual recognition of UK and Spanish driving licences". DON'T MISS Flight attendant at Heathrow shares unruly passenger nightmare [REVEALED]Flight attendant's summer travel tips - best time of day to fly [INSIGHT]World's most powerful passports named - where does UK rank? [REPORT] It states: "The Government should seek to negotiate with the Spanish Government for mutual recognition of UK and Spanish driving licences, so UK expats in Spain are able to quickly and easily exchange their UK drivers licences for Spanish ones." At the time of writing, it has garnered 4,645 signatures. However, on July 9, it was reported there had been "radio silence from Spanish authorities" on the matter.