Cristiano Ronaldo has been told to prioritise what is best for his club "for the first time in your life". Former Chelsea striker Tony Cascarino has warned the striker that Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag will fail if he leaves this summer. Ronaldo held crisis talks with Ten Hag at Carrington on Tuesday. But the result of the meeting was that he still wants an exit from Old Trafford in this window. Ronaldo is keen on moving to a club competing in the Champions League. However, Cascarino is not happy with the 37-year-old's behaviour. The pundit says Ronaldo must stay at United and be a leader for new boss Ten Hag, instead of focusing on personal achievements. Cascarino told talkSPORT: “Ronaldo’s role is not just about getting more goals in the Champions League. Yeah great, brilliant. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd handed De Jong boost, Chelsea bid, Arsenal snubbed  "So your whole goal in your life is to break records? Now he’s at the stage of his career now where the club he’s at is trying to reignite itself and it needs a leader. “He must be that leader on the football pitch, for them as a team to try and galvanise something. If Ronaldo thinks it’s only about his goals, he’ll achieve his goals but the club will still fail.” Ten Hag has maintained throughout the summer he wants Ronaldo to stay. Cascarino has demanded the forward respect the trust his new boss has put in him. And he claims Ronaldo must put United first, something he says he has never done before. Cascarino added: "When the manager comes and he wants to build a team around you for this season, and be wanted, that's a great place to be for a player. Having a manager give you his full backing. DON'T MISSArsenal already have their sixth 'signing' as Mikel Arteta handed dream scenarioBarcelona hint at hurting Chelsea again as Xavi sets sights on 'very good players'Tuchel leaves trio 'out in the cold' by refusing to give them shirt numbers  "Now the disappointment for Ronaldo from my perspective is that he signed a two-year deal. If you wanted to come to Man United, you sign a one-year deal and you go after one year. "You don't need to go and rock the boat. What I’d say to Ronaldo is, for the first time in your life, think about your club, your team. “The club and fanbase has been unbelievable to you, and you’ve played brilliantly for them. You’ve done so well that they’ve loved you from the minute you arrived and every breath you took on that football pitch, and when you came back they adored you, and still do. “But he’s whittling away at that now, though, because there must be an element of Manchester United fans who have been peed off with his non-commitment to the football club.”  Click here to buy the new Man Utd home shirt