Kate Middleton has an incredible impact on fashion; not only does she influence future styles, but she also has what experts call the ‘Kate effect’ which sees a product she has worn sell out almost instantly. The Duchess of Cambridge is known for recycling outfits and appears to stick with a handful of trusted designers to create her clothes, occasionally adding the odd high-street brand into the mix. More recently, her shoes have been a talking point of her outfits, and one stylist believes the royal is choosing more fun designs to “inject personality, fun and flirtatiousness” into her style. Being part of one of the most famous families in the world, Kate can virtually have whatever shoes she desires. But Kate is loyal to three brands when it comes to buying heels; L.K. Bennett, Gianvito Rossi and Emmy London. She owns multiple pairs from each - usually the same style but in a variety of colours - and wears them more frequently than any other designer. The royal has also been known to wear several pairs from Jimmy Choo, Prada and Rupert Sanderson. READ MORE: 'Gorgeous!' Kate Middleton channels Ivanka Trump in £1,352 white dress Kate has also added three pairs of Aquazzura heels - the same brand Meghan Markle favours - to her collection in the last year. More recently, the Duchess has been steering away from the plain suede pointed toe heels in favour of some jazzier heels. Fashion expert Miranda Holde said nude heels “go with any outfit” and make “accessorising a dream”. Choosing a nude heel also “cleverly lengthens your silhouette”. With Kate’s most recent shoe choices, however, she has “become even more confident” and “opted for more eye-catching footwear that still perfectly compliments her look but are more ostentatious”. DON'T MISS...‘Ideal’ time to eat dinner and lose weight during menopause [EXPERT]Nadhim Zahawi net worth vs Rishi Sunak net worth [NEWS]Keep herbs fresh for a month with clever storage hack [GUIDE] “This is a sure sign that Kate is growing even more comfortable in her own skin and in the public eye,” Miranda said. The fashion expert suggested that Kate’s new shoe choices are a sign she is “maturing into a confident future Queen”. Miranda told Femail “shoes are like the punctuation mark” because they “set the tone for the whole look”. When someone opts for “more flamboyant footwear” they are “adding an injection of fun, flirtatiousness and personality to your personal style brand”. When attending Wimbledon earlier this week, Kate re-wore a blue polka dot Alessandra Rich dress and a pair of the designers heels. READ MORE: The Queen's 'coronation gown to die for' is on display now - pictures The Alessandra Rich Fab Slingback Pumps with Black Toe are made from suede and patent leather. They have a “piercing pointed toe” in black, a slingback strap, and a buckle fastening on an elasticated strap across the front of the foot. This pair of heels cost £540. For the Jamie Coreth portrait painting, it was revealed Kate wore a pair of emerald green Manolo Blahnik pumps. The iconic shoes are easily identifiable by the jewelled buckle on the front—the style name for the pumps is Hangisi 105. The heels are made from a mixture of leather and silk satin and are priced at £875. For Garter Day, Kate opted for an all-blue outfit, including a pair of Love Link Sling 105 heels in Blueberry Grosgrain by Aquazzura. The name of the heel is taken from “themes of sensuality and seduction” and features a crystal-embellished slingback strap. During her trip to the Caribbean with Prince William, when Kate touched down in Jamacia, she stepped out in a bright yellow dress and a pair of white and gold heels. The shoes were from Aquazzura again, and are the Cece style, costing £605. They feature a caged design and cut-out detailing in a combination of white and gold leather.