Baking soda, also known as bicarbonate of soda, is traditionally used as a leavening agent in baking. However, the white powder can also be used to clean a number of areas around your home. Baking soda works well to clean because it is alkaline, though its pH is only slightly higher than neutral. As a base, baking soda can work to dissolve organic compounds such as dirt and grease. The mineral structure of each baking soda particle then works as a gentle abrasive which means it can remove tough stains without leaving scratches behind on many surfaces. Baking soda can also be used in tandem with white vinegar, creating a reaction which can cut through grease and other build-ups. READ MORE: How to keep grass green: 6 common mistakes Unblock sinks There is a little bit of controversy over whether or not this hack is effective, so it's well worth doing your own research before deciding if it is right for you. According to experts from The Spruce, baking soda, white vinegar and hot water can be a quick fix to removing unwanted blockages. They explained: "Clean your drain with baking soda as soon as you notice the water is draining slowly. "You can also use this process as a regular maintenance method for your drains." On the other hand, posting on her blog BrenDid, eco-friendly cleaning expert Bren dubbed the hack "ineffective". In a bit to prove her theory, Bren conducted an experiment which she posted on her blog, showing the effect baking soda and vinegar had on a fat-based substance which is commonly found in drain blockages. She found that after five minutes "the greasy clog in the bowl of vinegar and baking soda was unchanged, although it was coated in vinegar and baking soda." For those who want to try the hack themselves, you will need to begin by boiling water. Next, pour boiling water and dish soap into your drain. According to The Spruce, dish soap will help to loosen clogs. Next, pour one cup of baking soda into the drain. You can use a measuring cup or funnel to make this step easier. Follow with a cup of distilled white vinegar. At this point, you may hear an audible reaction as the baking soda and vinegar mix. Finally, once the fixing subsides, flush the debris with more hot water. The Spruce said: "If it is not draining, repeat the previous steps. If you haven't cleaned your drain recently, it may be necessary to repeat the baking soda flush at least twice." Clean your dishwasher Over time, your dishwasher can face a build-up of limescale, grime and general gunk, making it run less efficiently. To clean, add two cups of white vinegar to a clean dishwasher-safe bowl or measuring cup and place it in the top rack of the dishwasher. The vinegar can help shift limescale lingering in your dishwasher. Next, run the dishwasher through a cleaning cycle on the hottest setting with no detergent. You can also eliminate odours with baking soda. Simply sprinkle it over the bottom of the dishwasher and then run on an empty, hot cycle. DON'T MISSRichard Madeley: GMB presenter’s Hampstead Heath home of 25 years [INSIGHT]Meghan Markle fills Montecito home with 'neutral tones' for key reason [REVEALED]'Game changer' tip to clean 'cloudy' hard water marks from your shower [COMMENT] Remove fridge odours Your fridge can harbour a number of odours over time, but baking soda can soak these up overnight. All you need to do is grab a small dish, bowl or container and add some baking soda. Place this uncovered in your fridge and leave it overnight to work its magic. Baking soda has odour-absorbing properties and so will get rid of any lingering smells. Leave shower doors sparkling A baking soda paste, combined with vinegar, can leave shower doors gleaming. Start by mixing half a cup of baking soda with enough water to create a thick paste. Rub the paste on your shower door, either with your hand or a non-abrasive sponge. Then, rinse the paste with white vinegar. Finally, rinse with clean water and buff using a soft microfibre cloth. Get rid of baked-on grime Whether you have a pan that has been left for too long, or your oven is suffering from a build-up of baked-on deposits, baking soda could be the solution. Begin by dampening the affected area with hot water, then sprinkle on some baking soda ensuring all of the grime is covered. Leave it for half an hour, before scrubbing away. The baking soda will help you remove the dirt with ease. For an extra boost, spritz over a mixture of water and white vinegar while the baking soda is sitting.