Manchester United star Scott McTominay triggered a big brawl during his side's pre-season friendly clash with Atletico Madrid on Saturday. The midfielder collided with Jan Oblak while going for the ball in the air. And Diego Simeone's players were far from impressed, gathering around the Scotland international and making their feelings known. Manchester United are in action against Atletico Madrid today as they step up their preparations for the new Premier League season. And McTominay was involved in a big brawl after colliding into Oblak. Though the Scotland international was entitled to go for the ball, he accidentally clashed with the Slovenia international - sparking anger from Simeone’s side in the process. Atletico players swarmed around McTominay, with Geoffrey Kondogbia squaring up to his midfield counterpart as tempers rose. Marcus Rashford was also involved, with the England international jumping to the defence of his team-mate in Norway. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative But, in the end, things fizzled out. Oblak was actually booked, with the referee appearing to think the Atletico star had made the most of the incident. United are hoping to beat Atletico and return to winning ways after a 2-2 draw with Aston Villa last time out in Australia. It’s been a good pre-season for the Red Devils so far, with Ten Hag getting his players back to their best after a nightmare season under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick last term. United beat Liverpool 4-0 in Thailand, with Jadon Sancho, Anthony Martial, Fred and Facundo Pellistri all on target. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong And they’ve since secured wins over Crystal Palace and Melbourne Victory, too. Meanwhile, speaking recently, McTominay opened up on United and admitted that last season was a tough one to take. "It's a fresh start," the Scotland midfielder said. "You're playing for Man United, you're going to get criticised. If you think you're going to come and play for Man United and you're not expecting to get a little bit of criticism here and there, then you're in the wrong job because that's just not how it works at this football club. "Maybe you need to have a little look in the mirror because that's just part and parcel of the game. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. “Everyone gets criticised, that's the world we live in, social media criticism. You only see it how much you want to see it. That's part and parcel of it as well." And he added: "I've got no comments on new players who are coming in. "There's going to be maybe four, five, six other guys who come into the football club, so I can't comment on who's coming in or what personnel is coming. It's not my business to do that. "We've just lost two midfielders but it's not up to who we sign. “I know that whatever lads come in we'll absolutely give our best to make sure that they feel welcome and obviously it'll help us push towards being a better team, which I'm sure they will do."