While explaining to Sky News' Beth Rigby why he is endorsing Penny Mordaunt for the Conservative leadership, David Davis said one of the main reasons was to beat frontrunner Rishi Sunak. He said: "And actually, she's the person who's most likely within the party to actually beat Rishi Sunak. "It's a formidable combination." Mr Davis previously said that because of her clear vision for the country, she is popular in Scotland, Red Wall seats and with younger voters.  When asked whether Rishi Sunak has things in his locker that could prove difficult for the Conservative Party if elected Prime Minister, David Davis said: "I have no idea about Rishi's backdrop if you like or backstory or whatever it is - or indeed any of the others. "But what we need to do is to be very clear that whoever we pick is able to present themselves to the public with no prospect of scandal. "I'm sure that is the case with my candidate. "The others, they've got to make their own case."  On whether he thought the other candidates have the propensity for scandal, Mr Davis said: "Well, what worries me is we've had all sorts of allegations around. "Now, they may all be false. They may all be false," he repeated. "But the candidates, you know, have to deal with them. "All I'm saying about Penny - I mean I've known Penny for a long time - and she and I have very similar views on what propriety means in politics, about what it means about funding, what it means about behaviour. "And what I can say is she's a very, very upright candidate. And I think you'll see that in some of her speeches in the coming days." Now that senior ministers Nadine Dorries and Jacob Rees-Mogg have endorsed Liz Truss, it seem smore likely that the run-off will see Rishi Sunak and Liz Truss fighting for the permiership - leaving Penny Mordaunt, a dark horse in this race, out of the frame. Confronted with the current state of play, Mr Davis insisted what matters is whether the next candidate has a "clear brake from we've just passed through." "That's really important. And ethics and integrity matter right at the top of that tree", Mr Davis added, slashing Boris Johnson's attitude as sitting Prime Minister. "You can't sidestep that issue." DON'T MISS:Wanted! A Brexiteer outside Cabinet to replace Boris [EXPLAINER]EU's Brexit revenge to hurt UK for another decade as MPs fear worst [REVEAL]'Where is good news in Brexit?' Andrew Neil challenges David Davis [REPORT]  The last stretch of the race before Wednesday's first ballot vote seems to clear the wide field of candidates, placing Rishi Sunak and Liz Truss on top of the others. While Liz Truss received the endorsement of Jacob Rees-Mogg and Nadine Dorries, Rishi Sunak has been backed by Dominic Raab and Grant Schapps, who has withdrawn his own bid to success Boris Johnson. Only three candidates - Rishi Sunak, Penny Mordaunt, and Tom Tugendhat - have so far passed the necessary threshold to qualify for Wednesday's first round ballot. Candidates have until 6 pm on Tuesday to get the support of at least 20 MPs. READ NEXT:Emmerdale theory: Leyla Harding pregnant with David Metcalfe's babyCoronation Street theory: Audrey Roberts heartbroken over Stephen Tory leadership: Shock new Brexiteer poised to announce bidSuella says restoring Britain's freedoms fully is the top priorityTory plot launched to crush Sunak's hopes to be PM after tax nightmare