Piers Morgan Uncensored opened on Wednesday with a lively debate involving two Just Stop Oil protestors and a recently bereaved daughter who missed her mother’s funeral due to the disruption caused by the campaigners. The TalkTV host admitted he “didn’t dispute” the cause Just Stop Oil were fighting for but proceeded to lambast their methods which have caused disruption to thousands of people up and down the country. And one person who felt firsthand the devastation Just Stop Oil caused on the M25 was Amanda Bishop. She was due to attend her mother’s funeral after she died at the age of 90 but the delays in traffic meant the family’s slot was missed and Amanda and her family were only given 10 minutes to say their goodbyes. As the debate kicked off, Piers found himself clashing with Just Stop Oil co-founder Hannah Hunt as he grilled her on the disruption caused. “Piers, have you seen the disruption the heatwaves have caused, the fires are literally engulfing houses in London! Have you seen the string to our NHS?” Hannah passionately hit back. READ MORE: Amanda Owen speaks out on new role ‘Jumped at the chance’ “Have you seen the strain on our fire service,” Hannah’s rant continued before Piers stepped in: “I’m asking you though about the disruption you cause ordinary people who might well support the general cause you’re representing but don’t understand why you want to cause them so much distress. “Do you understand the distress you’re causing some people?” Piers probed. “If we’re talking about destruction, there would be no NHS -“ Hannah tried to interrupt as Piers butt in: “Let me finish! “There may be people who are trying to get to incredibly important things. Do you care about them?” Hannah’s fellow protestor Eben Lazarus then jumped in to try and blast Piers’ line of questioning, rubbishing the use of the word “methodology” in the former GMB host’s questions. The pair insisted Just Stop Oil’s methods are justified in an attempt to stop the government from agreeing to any new deal involving oil and fossil fuels. Piers then turned to Amanda who revealed she’d come to the TalkTV studios from her mother’s funeral, which had been delayed due to - what Amanda described - “illegal protests”. After Amanda shared the family had just 10 minutes to conduct the funeral, Piers asked her what she had to say to the two fellow guests in the studio. DON'T MISS:Emmerdale’s Jeff Hordley teases big Cain Dingle storylineCoronation Street theory: Asha Alahan betrays Nina Lucas in new affairFury as WWII veteran robbed of medals and thousands in terrifying scam “I hope I would give as balanced a view as I can because I understand that climate change is a pressing issue but to do the things that you did, to endanger - forgetting all the delays that happened to people today,” Amanda began. “Actually we got on with our day, you did not disrupt our day at all, you disrupted it but we still managed to pay a tribute that we wanted to pay to her. “But if I was married to one of those police officers whose lives you were endangering today, I would be less impressed with that.” Hannah offered her condolences before suggesting the “government were criminals” not the protestors, prompting Amanda to shut her down. “Can I just say, I hear what you’re saying and I have three young children of my own, young adults, and I also understand that what you’re trying to do when you make change is to build and bring people with you, and it’s a skill to have, a really big skill,” Amanda weighed in. “And if you don’t have that skill then it’s an easy thing to do what you’re doing to get some shock tactics but actually you’re not bringing about change. “And even if you think the government are criminals, I at least elected them, and if I don’t like them I can elect them again to either not be in power or choose someone else. I didn’t elect you and I don’t necessarily agree with your politics.” Hannah argued Just Stop Oil were fighting for those who cannot vote, referring to Piers’ 11-year-old daughter as an example. Despite her argument, Amanda concluded: “You are not winning hearts and minds - and you’re breaking the law! I had a difficult day today.” Piers Morgan Uncensored airs weekdays at 8pm on Talk TV.