Following Avengers Endgame, Chris Hemsworth’s Asgardian God is the first MCU superhero to get a fourth solo movie. After Taika Waititi successfully breathed new life into the character with Thor Ragnarok, it wasn’t long before the pair were teaming up again for Thor Love and Thunder. The new Marvel blockbuster sees Natalie Portman’s Jane Foster become The Mighty Thor, teaming up with her ex against Christian Bale’s Gorr the God Butcher. The reviews have landed with 86 per cent positive at time of writing – here’s some highlights. THE THUNDEROUS APPROVAL Screen RantThor: Love and Thunder is a return to form for the MCU: delivering a great solo story that is emotional, exciting, and downright funny as hell. Daily TelegraphBale gives the series its best villain in years. He and Hemsworth make surprisingly natural screen partners, while Portman embraces the soap-operatics of her role... EmpireWeirder than Ragnarok, but incredibly sincere in its outlook, Taika’s Thor-quel is a big, beautiful blast. You’ll love it, and probably thunder it too. What a classic Thor adventure! New York PostThe Marvel Cinematic Universe’s best shot at Oscar glory has arrived in the form of Christian Bale’s ferocious Gorr the God Butcher in “Thor: Love and Thunder. VarietyBy the end I felt something unusual enough to feel at a Marvel movie that it seemed almost otherworldly: I was moved. ColliderIn Love and Thunder, Waititi honors not only what he created in Thor: Ragnarok, with its raucous humor and colorful aesthetic, but also what came before, offering a complex look at the God of Thunder. indieWireBale gives the series its best villain in years. He and Hemsworth make surprisingly natural screen partners, while Portman embraces the soap-operatics of her role... READ MORE: Wolverine: Hugh Jackman replacement imminent as star admits 'meeting' THE MIDGARD LEVEL The GuardianThis is becoming a bit of a cul de sac – but that isn’t to say it isn’t still funny, and Thor still delivers a mighty hammer-blow, or rather axe-blow, of fun. Digital SpyThor: Love and Thunder is the most entertaining Phase 4 movie to date, but its irreverent touch means that when it aims for the heart, it never quite hits a bullseye. Beyond the TrailerLike Doctor Strange 2, it seems there's a lot missing, and the two famous Thor comic book stories - Gorr & Jane as Thor - aren't done justice. But Hemsworth & Bale are SO GOOD, and Waititi so funny & at times moving, it's still fun. Plus what an ending! IGNThor: Love and Thunder is held back by a cookie-cutter plot and a mishandling of supporting characters, but succeeds as the MCU's first romantic comedy thanks to Chris Hemsworth and Natalie Portman's chemistry. DON'T MISSTom Hardy’s Venom 3 announced by Sony PLUS Ghostbusters 5 and more [VENOM 3]Thor Love and Thunder Easter Egg spotted in Spider-Man No Way Home [THOR]Avengers Endgame director: ‘Iron Man had to die, not Captain America’ [AVENGERS] THOSE WHO DEEM IT UNWORTHY Hollywood ReporterThe movie feels weightless, flippant, instantly forgettable, sparking neither love nor thunder. Bleeding CoolThor: Love and Thunder tries to make the Ragnarok lightning strike twice, but the movie ends up feeling restrained due to the lack of genuinely emotional moments and some baffling creative decisions. Slash FilmA superhero film with tonal whiplash. Thor Love and Thunder hits UK cinemas on July 7, 2022.