Mother and daughter were spotted waving little Union Flags while singing along to Diana Ross during the Party at the Palace concert. In a clip from the star-studded event, Kate seemed to thoroughly enjoy the singer's performance on stage as she sang along and moved her Union Jack to the rhythm. Sitting next to the Duchess, her seven-year-old daughter adorably mimicked Kate, moving her shoulders and Union Flag along with the music. In the video, taken on June 4 but shared by a royal fan on Wednesday, Princess Charlotte looked adorable wrapped up in a red cape with golden details. Kate, on the other hand, looked typically stylish in a white jacket paired with a matching gown. The resurfacing of this video sent fans of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge into a frenzy. Upon sharing the clip, @RoyallyBelle_ wrote: "Just the Duchess of Cambridge and Princess Charlotte singing along to Diana Ross!" Reminiscing the concert, @loveforcambridg replied: "That night was so wonderful". Praising Kate and William for trying to provide their children with a family environment as normal as possible, @CarlTrask5 wrote: "Cambridge family, just as normal as any other Commonwealth family." READ MORE: Meghan 'on path to unparalleled stardom' and 'new form of celebrity' Similarly, @DancingInfinit1 said: "The way the Cambridges are always winning. "Still love that whole look on #DuchessofCambridge from #PlatinumJubilee". Velvet g wrote: "Charlotte knows what's going on. I love to see her rocking out with mum." Another royal fan, @Teacherdmb, focused their attention on the seven-year-old's outfit, saying: "I love the way Catherine dresses Charlotte!" During the Platinum Jubilee bank holiday weekend, which lasted from June 2 to 5, Charlotte and her siblings Prince George and Prince Louis stole the show on multiple occasions. Opening the historic celebrations for the Queen's 70 years on the throne, George, Charlotte and Louis appeared for the first time in a carriage drive ahead of the Trooping the Colour parade. Sharing the leading carriage with Kate and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, the children waved and smiled at the thousands of people lined up in The Mall to catch a glimpse of the royals. Kate and William's daughter was even caught on camera while looking into Prince Charles's wife's bag. The Cambridges' children then watched the parade from the Major General's Office overlooking Horse Guards Parade in the company of most working and non-working members of the Firm. After another brief trip on the carriage, the children joined the Queen on the balcony of Buckingham Palace to watch together the RAF flypast. Charlotte and George returned under the spotlight on the afternoon of June 4. On the day, the siblings reached a special milestone, as they travelled for the first time for an official visit to Wales. The pair, accompanied by their parents, met royal fans and people organising the local Platinum concert. A few hours later, the siblings were sitting in the royal box outside of Buckingham Palace to enjoy the Party at the Palace concert. On the following day, they returned to the royal box, this time accompanied by Prince Louis. Together with their parents, royal cousins and other relatives the Cambridges' children watched the spectacular Jubilee pageant, which took the streets of central London by storm.