Aston Martin have reiterated their stance that they're keen for Sebastian Vettel to stay with the team beyond the end of the ongoing F1 season. It has been a challenging campaign for the British-based team, who sit ninth in the constructors standings with just 18 points. After missing the first two races of the season due to Covid, Vettel has amassed just 15 points and lies 14th in the drivers standings, while teammate Lance Stroll’s nightmare 2022 sees him 19th with just three points to his name. The German, whose future in the sport beyond this year is uncertain, brings valuable experience to the team and boss Mike Krack hopes he will be part of the stable next season. As rumours of Mick Schumchaer being tipped as a potential replacement for the four-time world champion have gathered pace, Krack refused to address them and reiterated his desire for the F1 legend to stay. "I am not a fan of calling him every day and telling him what we have just done. We have to convince him with the progress and results on the track," he said. "We do not talk about possible successors. Neither with him, nor with others. Because we want Sebastian to stay with us." The 35-year-old received support from compatriot Schumacher after he stormed out of an F1 drivers meeting last week ahead of the Austrian Grand Prix. JUST IN: Toto Wolff agrees with Lewis Hamilton on Mercedes progress and makes 'target' prediction "Drivers at this level are role models for every driver around the world and in the opinion of the Stewards Vettel failed to live up to that standard in this case," an F1 statement read. "Subsequently Vettel had a meeting with the race director, who informed the stewards that Vettel apologised without reservation, and that further, they had a very constructive conversation covering the topics in the meeting and more." Schumacher said: "I just felt like we were going in circles with some of the things that were discussed. It kind of was getting longer than necessary. I fully understand the direction from Seb, and I think there were a lot more drivers who kind of felt the need to leave the briefing as well." DON'T MISSMick Schumacher told how to progress by ex-F1 titan after 'beautiful' Lewis Hamilton duelMick Schumacher's heartwarming reaction when he finds out he's F1 Driver of the DayToto Wolff has already hinted at Mick Schumacher being the best Lewis Hamilton replacement Vettel was fined €25,000 (£21,000) for his actions and the International Sporting Code and Sporting Regulations require drivers to attend for the duration of each pre-race meeting with officials. However, F1 journalist Chris Medland tweeted the driver was handed a ‘suspended’ fine, which means he won't have to pay the fine unless he commits an identical or similar offence for the rest of the current campaign.