Deontay Wilder’s manager, Shelly Finkle, has confirmed that the ‘Bronze Bomber’ is targeting a fight with the winner of Anthony Joshua and Oleksandr Usyk providing Tyson Fury does not unretire. The former WBC heavyweight champion has been out of action since losing to ‘The Gypsy King’ in October of last year but recently confirmed he would be stepping back into the ring in 2022. Wilder is expected to return in the Autumn against an in-house fighter from his promotional company Premier Boxing Champions (PBC). PBC has six heavyweights currently on their roster that are yet to face Wilder including Charles Martin, Adam Kownacki, Travis Kauffman, Frank Sanchez, Andy Ruiz Jr, and Robert Helenius -- the latter of which is understood to be Wilder’s most likely next opponent. Providing he beats the Finnish puncher, Finkle has confirmed that they will be targeting the winner of ‘The Rage on the Read Sea’ on August 20. However, if ‘AJ’ wins then Wilder’s manager believes Fury will come out of retirement for the long-awaited all-British showdown. Speaking to Planet Sport, he said: “Maybe the winner of Usyk and Joshua. I don’t know what Fury is doing? If Joshua wins – it’s a huge fight in the UK (between those two) – there’s so many intangibles so we’re looking to see what happens in that fight (Usyk and Joshua). “I don’t care what Fury says, we’re waiting to see what he really wants to do because if he wants to fight the winner then he’s going to get it. But after that, where are the top guys? "There's only four real top guys in the heavyweights right now - Usyk, Joshua, Fury and Deontay [Wilder]. I'm looking at everything and we're going to be making our decision but we're not there (yet). MORE BOXING NEWS... Warren gives worrying two-word response to Paul vs Fury chances Mike Tyson hints at boxing return as 56-year-old spotted sparring Fury schedules chat to discuss future as Warren gives timeline He continued: "We've gotten several calls, I don't know how real they are from outside of the US and the UK and we're checking those out. Then once if any of those are real, that'll dictate another opponent.” Another man who has been rumoured to face Wilder next is Derek Chisora. The Brit called out the American after beating Kubrat Pulev earlier this month in a nip and tuck contest. When asked about the possibility of a fight with ‘Del Boy’, Finkle responded: “Derek Chisora? He just edged a split-decision over Kubrat Pulev, no way.” 