London Fire Brigade was sent to tackle a fire at a sports pavilion in Tentelow Lane, Southall. Firefighters were called at 2.37am and crew members from Southall, Heston and surrounding stations remain at the scene. Station Commander Brett Loft, who is at the scene, said: "Crews are working hard to bring this fire under control. "Due to the weather conditions, the fire is creating a lot of smoke in all directions and nearby residents are advised keep their doors and windows shut." London Fire Brigade also said: "The cause of the fire is not yet known." JUST IN: Surrey fire: Firefighters called to raging wildfire as residents warned to stay inside The fire in Southall comes just hours after the capital's fire service announced it had witnessed a record-breaking number of incidents. London Fire Brigade said: "London Fire Brigade had its busiest day since World War II yesterday as record temperatures led to hundreds of fires across the city. "The scale and frequency of the fires caused the Brigade to declare a major incident yesterday afternoon to allow for resources to be focused.  "There were more than 1,146 incidents throughout London yesterday, and thanks to the heroic work of firefighters, there were no fatalities." Jonathan Smith, the Brigade’s Assistant Commissioner, added: "Firefighters across London worked in very difficult conditions to protect Londoners and their heroic actions mean no lives were lost. "I am immensely proud of them and their dedication in such unprecedented heat. DON'T MISS: Desperate Putin says Ukraine turned troops into MONSTERS [REVEAL]London fires: Heathrow Airport metres away from huge blaze [LIVE]Scientist forced to move research hub from Scotland to EU [REPORT] "We declared a major incident and worked with emergency service partners who have also been working hard to continue to run services in these difficult and challenging conditions. "By taking action, we were able to focus and prioritise our resources, recall staff from training, call on support from other local fire and rescue services and attend every incident as needed. "Yesterday’s fires are another example of how we are increasingly being challenged by new extremes of weather as our climate changes and we’re developing long-term strategies to deal with more incidents like this in the future." 