Speaking in San Antonio at the annual conference of UnidosUS, formerly known as the National Council of La Raza, Biden attempted to praise Raul Yzaguirre, who led the civil rights and advocacy organisation for 30 years. The First Lady said: "Raul helped build this organization with the understanding that the diversity of this community, as distinct as the bodegas of the Bronx, as beautiful as the blossoms of Miami, and as unique as the breakfast tacos here in San Antonio, is your strength." In New York City, people love the convenience stores known as bodegas that are often run by Dominican or Puerto Rican merchants. Biden mispronounced the word as "bogedas." Miami has long been a destination for Latinos who migrate to the United States. San Antonio is also one of the great Latino cities in the United States, with a population of nearly 1.5 million people that is 65 percent Hispanic or Latino, according to US Census data. The largely Mexican-American city is fond of its breakfast tacos, part of the local cuisine. READ MORE: Erdogan ‘takes action’ as Putin and Zelensky on verge The National Association of Hispanic Journalists was not impressed, saying Biden and her speech writers ought to "better understand the complexities of our people." "We are not tacos. Our heritage as Latinos is shaped by a variety of diasporas, cultures and food traditions, and should not be reduced to a stereotype," the association said in a statement. Conservatives on social media jumped on the gaffe, wondering what the liberal outrage would sound like if a prominent Republican had said it. "No wonder Hispanics are fleeing the Democratic Party!" US Representative Andy Biggs, a Republican from Arizona, wrote on Twitter. It comes a year after Ms Biden was mocked online after a "super embarrassing" attempt to show off her Spanish skills. The First Lady's speech in California alongside Governor Gavin Newsom in Delano went viral on Twitter after speaking to farmworkers. Dr Jill Biden's pronunciation of "¡Si Se Puede!," which translates to "yes we can" in Spanish drew criticism online. The phrase became popularised by César Chávez and United Farm Workers co-founder Dolores Huerta in 1970s. DON'T MISS 'Mother of God' Putin rocked as 'massive' explosion destroys arms unit [VIDEO]NASA's James Webb to unlock universe's earliest secrets TODAY [INSIGHT]Biden warned 'don't run again' by Democrats as approval ratings drop [ANALYSIS] Twitter was alight with comments as one said: "Jill Biden makes Peggy Hill sound like a native Spanish speaker." Another added: "That's super embarrassing." A third person wrote: "My drunk English is better Spanish than this." While a fourth noted: "She butchered the hell out of that."