As well as on-the-pitch issues, Manchester United suffered last season due to fractures behind the scenes. Reports emerged on a weekly basis about problems amongst the squad and keeping Cristiano Ronaldo at the club this summer could only add to those woes. Erik ten Hag has an almighty task on his hands in turning around the fortunes of the Red Devils, and although he was appointed due to his ability to rebuild a club, time is of the essence. Reports emerged last week that Ronaldo was not ‘sold’ on the project underway at Old Trafford and was frustrated by the club’s lack of transfer business. The Portugal international has thus told the club that he would like to exit, with his agent Jorge Mendes already holding talks with Chelsea and Bayern Munich about the five-time Ballon d’Or winner. Given that Ronaldo is simply one of the best to ever grace a football pitch, what he wants is usually what he gets – and he has shown previously that he isn’t afraid to rock the boat to achieve that. In 2008, Ronaldo went public in his desire to leave United and join Real Madrid, going as far as agreeing with then-FIFA president Sepp Blatter’s criticism of the club and claiming that there was ‘too much modern slavery’ in football. Ronaldo told TVI: “I agree with the comments of the president of FIFA. What he said is right. “At the moment there is no agreement with Real Madrid. We have to wait for the next few days to see, but I do not know where I will begin next season. This is all I have to say at the moment.” JUST IN: Cristiano Ronaldo may ignore Real Madrid romance with Barcelona offer At 37 and with his career gradually coming to a close, the feeling is that Ronaldo needs to be competing in the very best competitions and one of the top clubs in the world – thus, playing for United in the Europa League doesn’t tick either of those boxes. But United seem likely to stand in the way of his exit and want the striker to play out his contract at the club at the very minimum – which ends in 2023. Given that all eyes are going to be on United next season, and now Ronaldo, Ten Hag must weigh up whether it is worth the risk of keeping a player against his will, as a slave as Blatter would say. The former Real Madrid star was the club’s saving grace last season and there are not many better strikers on the planet, so you can understand the former Ajax boss wanting to work with him. READ MORE: Frenkie de Jong may already have Haaland issue as he plans arrival However, given the rollercoaster of a season that the club have just endured and knowing how Ronaldo will attempt to force an exit by any means necessary, as he did previously, it provides the side with plenty of food for thought. Without Ronaldo, Ten Hag will have no out and out no.9 to work with in the upcoming campaign. But with a dressing room already out of confidence and ideas, having an experienced player that wears his heart on his sleeve attempting to call the shots could be a recipe for disaster. Resolving this situation could be the biggest obstacle that Ten Hag will have to overcome this summer, especially if reminded of the superstar's antics in 2008.