Arsenal could face losing William Saliba if Mikel Arteta fails to hand him opportunities early in the 2022/23 Premier League season. Saliba's current contract plan at the Emirates Stadium has given Marseille encouragement to potentially launch a rescue mission later this summer. The French centre-back is yet to make his competitive debut since joining Arsenal as an 18-year-old in 2019. He has instead been shipped out on three loan spells in his homeland, most recently at Marseille, where he dazzled as one of Ligue 1's top defenders last season. Amid uncertainty over his status in Arteta's plans, Saliba could be eyeing a return to the Stade Velodrome ahead of the winter World Cup in Qatar. And Marseille are prepared to launch a pursuit to welcome him back to the club permanently if the stars align in the current transfer window. According to GFFN, Saliba has no intention to extend the five-year contract he initially signed with the Gunners, expiring in 2024. His stance has put Marseille president Pablo Longoria on red alert as they look to offer him an escape route from north London. JUST IN: Mourinho set for Man Utd battle as Roma look to force Ten Hag's hand  The report adds that if the French giants make their play, it will come in the final week of August as the transfer window nears its closure. Any pursuit will depend on Saliba's 'sporting situation' early into the new Premier League season. If Arteta fails to utilise the 21-year-old to his liking in Arsenal's opening three fixtures against Crystal Palace, Leicester City and AFC Bournemouth, he could help force an exit. He is prioritising game time ahead of Didier Deschamps' squad selection, from which he could miss out if he's behind Ben White and Gabriel Magalhaes in Arteta's pecking order. READ MORE: Arsenal admit defeat as Gunners 'eye Lisandro Martinez alternatives' The French centre-back is yet to make his competitive debut since joining Arsenal as an 18-year-old in 2019. He has instead been shipped out on three loan spells in his homeland, most recently at Marseille, where he dazzled as one of Ligue 1's top defenders last season. Amid uncertainty over his status in Arteta's plans, Saliba could be eyeing a return to the Stade Velodrome ahead of the winter World Cup in Qatar. And Marseille are prepared to launch a pursuit to welcome him back to the club permanently if the stars align in the current transfer window. According to GFFN, Saliba has no intention to extend the five-year contract he initially signed with the Gunners, expiring in 2024. His stance has put Marseille president Pablo Longoria on red alert as they look to offer him an escape route from north London. Ahead of his return to Arsenal for pre-season, Saliba stated his intention to fight for his place and finally make his debut after a frustrating wait. He said: “I belong to Arsenal, and still have two years there. I will be there for pre-season with Arsenal. "I have played zero matches for them and want to show them what I’m made of and have the chance to play for the supporters and this big club.” However, if it doesn't seem like that chance will come this season, Saliba could opt for an enticing Marseille return, an outcome Arteta could well live to regret.