The popular high street bank has urged social media users to beware as scammers are using adverts on Facebook and Instagram to target vulnerable people. There was a 61 percent increase in the number of cases Santander dealt with between Q4 2021 and Q1 2022, with the average cost of such scams reaching £11,872, they stated. It warned of an 87 percent surge in cases by the end of 2022 compared to 2021 figures. Victims are being deceived into investing in fraudulent schemes by spoofed celebrity endorsements online. On their website, Santander warns that crypto scam ads might be posted on social media and legitimate media websites or appear in online search listings. Once users click through and share their personal details, they could be contacted by phone, email or a social media message and offered high returns with little to no risk. READ MORE: Santander UK extends 2.5% interest rate offer and increases rates across savings range  “Rather than revelling in the promised high returns, people are losing significant sums after being duped by these highly sophisticated criminals. “Always do your homework and thoroughly research any investment opportunity before moving any money - irrespective of who is endorsing it.“ If someone thinks they’ve been the victim of a cryptocurrency scam, they are urged to report it to their bank straight away. If a person has downloaded software to supposedly help with the investment, they should turn off and unplug the computer and not use it until they have removed the software and had it checked by a computer technician. Lastly, if someone thinks they’ve already been the victim of this type of scam, they should report it to their bank straight away. Daniel Holmes, Feedzai fraud expert, argued that industry collaboration would be needed to tackle the rise in crypto scams. He said: “Ultimately, it comes down to user awareness, banks and their ability to spot/stop fraud quickly and crypto platforms who need to protect themselves from becoming mules or risk facing crushing regulatory repercussions. “Collaboration between these groups is the most important first step to keep this emerging market secure for all sides.” How the scam often works: Santander has urged those who came into contact with this scam, or any like it, to send it on to smishing@santander.co.uk. They encourage anyone who has been scammed to contact their bank’s security team immediately. Victims of scams can also report the matter to Action Fraud, where it will be investigated further.