The news that Spiderman stars Zendaya and Tom Holland were dating put an end to years of speculation about the notoriously secretive couple's status. However Zendaya recently hit back after their impromptu smooch at a traffic light was caught on camera and made public, blasting that it was "invasive", while her beau insisted that they had been "robbed" of their privacy. The couple, both 25, had been driving in Tom's $125,000 Audi sports car last year when he hit a traffic light and paused to give his girlfriend a passionate-looking kiss. However Zendaya found it traumatic when the secret affair was exposed, suggesting she'd prefer to keep her private life under lock and key. "It was quite strange and weird and confusing and invasive," she exclaimed. "The equal sentiment [we both share] is just that when you really love and care about somebody, some moments or things, you wish were your own," the frustrated Spiderman actress vented. READ NOW: Ainsley Harriott threatens legal action after sister nearly drowned "It's something that you want to deal with and go through and experience and enjoy amongst the two people that love each other." Tom concurred: "One of the downsides of our fame is that privacy isn't really in our control anymore." He told GQ magazine: "A moment that you think is between two people that love each other very much is now a moment that is shared with the entire world." According to Tom, he has to place so much of his life on display as a public figure that he is "adamant" on keeping the sacred aspects of it private. However, now that the pair have been outed, they haven't hesitated to express their love for each other online. Zendaya celebrated Tom's birthday with an Instagram snap of them together, describing him as the one who makes her "happiest". The loved-up pair also followed in the footsteps of the likes of David and Victoria Beckham by donning matching jerseys during a New York Rangers ice hockey game. They have also had each other's names emblazoned on their clothing as the ultimate romantic gesture. DON'T MISS... Christian Horner admits 'problem' at home with Geri Halliwell [INSIGHT] Sharon Osbourne, 69, displays natural beauty after her face lift woes [LATEST] Ashley Roberts puts on braless display after showing off peachy rear [PHOTOS]  Prior to the kissing snap, both had kept their cards close to their chest. The pair, who first met on the Spiderman: Homecoming movie back in 2016, were forced to deny rumours that they were dating after they were spotted abroad together the following years on what some perceived as a loved-up vacation. Zendaya described Tom in Variety magazine as "literally one of my best friends", explaining that their shared acting careers meant that they could relate to each other's life experiences. She further denied speculation by joking on Twitter: "My favorite is when [people say] we go on vacations together HA! I haven't been on a vacation in years! hbu @TomHolland1996 ???” The actor fired back in response: "Does the press tour count?” Fast forward to the present day and, although Tom has claimed they'd been "robbed of our privacy", he seems to have made peace with the public nature of their romance. Meanwhile Zendaya previously admitted to Entertainment Tonight that the public interest "comes with the territory". "It comes with the job," she added, "so it’s all good!"