Robert Halfon, a Conservative MP, told Andrew Marr on LBC that he felt he had been part of a “Boris bashing session” on Wednesday as the PM faced the liaison committee to discuss his Government policy and his future as leader of the country. While Mr Johnson was being questioned by the committee, more Tory MPs resigned from their roles citing the Prime Minister’s untenable position. The number of Tory MPs resigning from office has steadily grown since former health secretary Sajid Javid announced he was stepping down on Tuesday.    Mr Halfon said: “I actually felt sorry for the Prime Minister at that time. It felt a bit like a Boris bashing session. “I asked him about cost of living and fuel duty, and school absences, and in some ways he just reminded me of that black knight in that Monty Python sketch. “The one who has his arms and legs chopped off, and then says ‘I’m here. When’s the next battle?’ “I felt it was not very enjoyable and I actually felt sad. I do not know what he was thinking.    “I think he wanted to get onto the issues but the problem is that all the scandals have just overtaken it all.” Mr Marr added, in reference to the Monty Python sketch: “I can’t remember how that ends. ‘Come back here and I will bite you’, I think it is.” But Mr Johnson gave no sign that he was planning on resigning during a grilling by Commons MPs, as his leadership crisis continues to escalate. In a dramatic encounter with the Commons Liaison Committee, which came as Mr Johnson faces the most serious crisis of his leadership, he repeatedly denied that he was planning to call a snap election to firm up his ailing premiership. READ MORE: Will there be a general election? Boris on brink [INSIGHT]   He also denied that he was going anywhere, stressing the need to tackle rising inflation and the crisis in Ukraine. In one of the most eye-catching encounters, Labour MP Darren Jones told the Prime Minister that senior Cabinet ministers were waiting at Downing Street to tell him to go. Mr Johnson was resolute that he saw no reason to go, repeatedly telling MPs that he was "not going to get into a running commentary on political events". "I have been very clear with you. I see no reason whatever for a general election now," he told MPs. "On the contrary, what we need is a stable Government, loving each other as Conservatives, getting on with our priorities." DON'T MISS:'He knows it' - Boris Johnson's knows 'the end is nigh' - analysis [INSIGHT] Who YOU think should replace Boris Johnson as majority want him OUT [POLL]Will there be another no confidence vote?  [OPINON]   It was a bruising encounter, made somewhat surreal by the fact that the Prime Minister was quizzed for the first half of the session on day-to-day Government policy even as further Conservative MPs called for him to quit. When it turned to the issue of the Prime Minister's leadership, both Labour and Conservative MPs pulled a few punches. William Wragg, a Tory MP and fierce Johnson critic, asked the Prime Minister: "At which point does it become impossible for the Queen's government to be continued?" Mr Johnson replied: "I really think you are underestimating the talent, energy and sheer ambition of Members of Parliament, and they want to get things done. "The Government of this country is continuing with ever-increasing energy." READ NEXT: Boris Johnson gives huge hint he's ready for snap ELECTIONBoris Johnson salary: How much does the PM earn?Gloating EU official can't resist bitter 'popcorn' swipe at BorisTory peer walks into lamp post after chat with anti-Brexit activist Boris slaps down no confidence letter MP in fiery Committee clash  