There are robust variations in opinion as to what exactly the Tory Party stands for and, as the Party is on the threshold of selecting a new leader, some of that debate has been on public display. But in the end the Party, its members at least, have essentially been presented with two continuity candidates. Surely whatever opinion prevails the Party, if it stands for anything, should seek to uphold the liberty of the individual and those who "do the right thing" - that is work hard, look after their families, invest their savings, set up businesses, behave responsibly etc. In that context one wonders what on earth is the least bit Conservative about the Government Equalities Office? This "department" of Government was founded in October 2007 during the Blair/Brown era. Enough said. It claims to be the Government department responsible for social equality and, for good measure, gender equality. Why does any Government have any responsibility for such matters? What happened to the idea that we are primarily responsible for our own welfare with Government only assisting those who cannot help themselves? The current Minister is leadership candidate Liz Truss who manages to run this department in her spare time from being Foreign Secretary and now the Tory Right's pin-up girl. Given that the Foreign Secretary is one of the three great offices of state and presumably is a somewhat demanding role again the question might be asked - what on earth is she doing there? Ideological commitment? We are told she is in the process of trying to model herself on the Iron Lady. It is difficult to imagine Maggie having anything to do with this absurdity. Mrs Thatcher used to quote with approval John Wesley - earn all you can, save all you can, give all you can. Additionally, this Conservative Government is asking people to report their employers should there be any perception of a gender pay gap. Nice and friendly to small businesses which do not have HR Departments. Costs of running this nonsense are a little difficult to gauge but they have a distinguished Director who in his spare time manages also to run the Race Disparity Unit. Presumably, he is not carrying out these gargantuan tasks for minimum wage. The cost of the GEO is likely to be modest in Whitehall terms but in an age of cost cutting those millions would pay for some much-needed extra nurses or coppers. In any event all this futility might conceivably help the sales executive from Milton Keynes but is unlikely to benefit the dinner lady from Motherwell. It is certainly a perception of mine that half a century of "sex equality" legislation helps the better educated, the middle class, those with career aspirations who have access to the resources which enhance their own personal position rather than establish principles which have widespread implications. Those working-class women in the lower socio-economic groups (like my own late mother) who wash dishes and scrub steps are still washing dishes and scrubbing steps. The Conservative Party since about 1970 has always been consistent in one area- they always let their loyal supporters down. UK Independence Party has a role to play in challenging this pantomime. We are true libertarians. A party of low tax and even smaller state. The fact that our party require to have a Culture and Woke spokesman after 12 years of the Conservatives in power speaks volumes. Our message in this respect is as always straightforward and to the point. Put the Government Equalities Office where it belongs? In the nearest bin. Donald MacKay is the Culture and Woke Spokesman for the UK Independence Party.