The Earthshot Prize, a global environmental prize funded by Prince William and The Royal Foundation in 2020, announced that Boston had been selected as their host city for its second annual awards ceremony. The Duke of Cambridge revealed the exact location for the ceremony on Twitter on Wednesday, saying in a video: "In 2022, we're back and bringing Earthshot to the USA where we'll award the next five winners of the Prize." William and his wife Kate, Duchess of Cambridge are set to combine the awards with a US tour in December. The news comes ahead of William and Kate’s move to Windsor, which will put the couple in a better position to assist Queen Elizabeth II, who has taken a step back from public duties in recent months. They are understood to be relocating to Adelaide Cottage, a four-bedroom house on the grounds of Windsor Castle. William and Kate have both taken on more prominent roles within the Firm, and are often dubbed the “future of the monarchy”. Now, Pauline Maclaran, a professor of Marketing & Consumer Research at Royal Holloway University, described William and Kate as “change makers” who are offering a “much more humble approach” to royal service. READ MORE: One Royal Family member is the 'sexiest' - but it's not Kate Middleton or Meghan Markle Professor Maclaran told Express.co.uk: “I think what we see with William and Kate is offering to serve and be much more humble in their approach. “And, of course, they need that to get through this period transition from the Queen to Charles — who is known to be quite a privileged individual. She added: “The whole focus on diversity and woke issues are making the topic of white privilege really quite an uncomfortable one, so the royals have to deal with that as well. “And we see Kate and William much more willing to show this other side of service and were taking commands from the public, rather than commanding the public. I think that’s how they dealt with the Caribbean trip that was deemed a bit of a PR disaster.” In March, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge undertook a week-long tour of the Commonwealth realms of the Caribbean. They visited Belize, Jamaica and the Bahamas to mark Queen Elizabeth II’s Platinum Jubilee. Upon their arrival in Belize, the couple was met with an anti-colonialist protest and were forced to cancel a trip to a cacao farm. Later, in Jamaica, Kate and William met with the country’s prime minister, Andrew Holness, who announced that Jamaica planned to remove the Queen as the country’s head of state. The tour was slammed as “tone-deaf” and the Duke and Duchess received heavy criticism for the trip, labelled as displaying “heavy colonial undertones” after they sought to emulate the Queen's visit to the region in the Sixties. The couple raised eyebrows for travelling in an open-top Land Rover driven by a Jamaican soldier to inspect the trips, with some suggesting it “looked like a scene from The Crown”. It was the first big royal tour since the coronavirus pandemic and Black Lives Matter protests, after which many communities have been looking anew at the wrongs of the past and their impact on the present. Amid the widespread backlash, William made an unusual statement addressing the issues faced in the Caribbean and promising to “reflect” on the questions raised. Kensington Palace issued some words from the Duke of Cambridge as he and Kate flew back from The Bahamas – the last of the three countries they visited. William said: “Foreign tours are an opportunity to reflect. You learn so much,” acknowledging that the “tour has brought into even sharper focus questions about the past and the future.” As its first and only Head, Queen Elizabeth II holds the Commonwealth – the voluntary organisation of 54 nations loosely based on the old British Empire – close to her heart. The monarch has built and nurtured the Commonwealth since her reign began in 1952. At the Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting in 2018, she asked that Prince Charles be made its next Head. However, William hinted he would like to see someone else – from another country, and another culture – lead the diverse organisation in the future. He said: “Who the Commonwealth chooses to lead its family in the future isn't what is on my mind. “What matters to us is the potential the Commonwealth family has to create a better future for the people who form it, and our commitment to serve and support as best we can.” He continued: “For us, that's not telling people what to do. It is about serving and supporting them in whatever way they think best, by using the platform we are lucky to have,” adding that in “Belize, Jamaica and The Bahamas, that future is for the people to decide upon.” Professor Maclaran said: “I think William was very shocked at the mistakes made and the reactions. “I think he then realised that he had to take more control of how things were managed. “And again putting the emphasis on service: ‘We’re not going to try to be the head of any state that doesn’t want us, but tell us if we can be of service to you,’ is the approach I understand he took as the outcome of the tour.”