Strawberries are the perfect snack for a hot day in the UK. Not only are these juicy red berries in season, but they can also help you to stay hydrated during the heatwave thanks to their high-water content. However, the rising temperature can shorten the shelf-life of strawberries, especially if they are left in a fruit bowl. While keeping your strawberries in the fridge is one way to extend their life, according to experts from WeThrift, there is one popular kitchen ingredient which could make the fruit last even longer. Savings expert Nick Drewe explained: "Washing berries in vinegar that has been diluted with water can extend their life to up to two weeks. "Say goodbye to mushy, fluffy strawberries forever." READ MORE: Meghan Markle 'refuses' to drink Iconic British drink - here's why The hack works because the vinegar helps to kill any bacteria that is on the strawberries, slowing down how soon rot can set in. White vinegar works best for this food storage hack. To begin, fill a bowl with three parts water and one part white vinegar. Remove the stems and leaves of your berries, but do not cut them up. READ MORE: Camilla Parker Bowles’ ‘favourite dish' is a British classic Next, fully submerge your strawberries in the solution and leave your strawberries to soak for up to five minutes.Remove the strawberries from the liquid and rinse with clean water.Rinsing your berries will make sure that no residual vinegar taste remains.Place the berries on a paper towel and pat dry. DON'T MISSFood hack: Easy way to make your own butter for 99p [INSIGHT]The best and worst Lurpak brand alternatives ranked as price soars [REVEALED]Keep grapes firm and juicy for 4 weeks with easy food storage hack [EXPLAINER] Line a storage container with a paper towel.Once your strawberries are dry, place them into the container and leave the lid slightly cracked.Pop your berries in the fridge to keep them fresh for up to two weeks. This hack can also work for other types of berry, such as raspberries or blackberries.