Since Russia’s invasion of Ukraine on February 24, the EU has passed sanctions against Moscow oil and has sought to find new sources for energy. However, a report has pointed out the bloc’s hypocrisy, as European leaders meet with heads of dictatorships and human rights abusing countries. French President Emmanuel Macron on Thursday hosted Saudi Arabia’s Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman. It marked the Saudi Crown Prince’s first trip to Europe since the murder of journalist Jamal Khashoggi. Mr Khashoggi was murdered at the Saudi consulate in Istanbul in 2018 in what a UN investigation described as an “extrajudicial killing for which Saudi Arabia is responsible”. Élisabeth Borne, French Prime Minister, insisted Mr Macron would raise human rights concerns but would also seek to secure a boost in Saudi oil output amid mounting western concerns over energy shortages this winter. In a report about “blood for oil” deals between the EU and other countries, Politico mockingly ranked an energy deal with Saudi Arabia at four out of five. They noted Saudi oil accounts for less than 10 percent of Europe’s total imports, but added that “the country has a big say on what OPEC does, and therefore on the state of the global market”. However, they also noted a “Saudi-led coalition continues a bloody war in Yemen that has killed thousands” and “Saudi authorities repress dissidents and human rights activists” According to the 2021 Human Freedom Index, which measures the “state of human freedom in the world based on a broad measure that encompasses personal, civil, and economic freedom”, Saudi Arabia ranks 155th out of 165 countries on the list. READ MORE: Xi hands Putin lifeline as China’s ‘dark tankers’ SECRETLY buy oil In a report about “blood for oil” deals between the EU and other countries, Politico mockingly ranked an energy deal with Saudi Arabia at four out of five.  They noted Saudi oil accounts for less than 10 percent of Europe’s total imports, but added that “the country has a big say on what OPEC does, and therefore on the state of the global market”.  However, they also noted a “Saudi-led coalition continues a bloody war in Yemen that has killed thousands” and “Saudi authorities repress dissidents and human rights activists”  According to the 2021 Human Freedom Index, which measures the “state of human freedom in the world based on a broad measure that encompasses personal, civil, and economic freedom”, Saudi Arabia ranks 155th out of 165 countries on the list. Egypt’s President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi met with German Chancellor Olaf Scholz in July, agreeing to send yet more gas to Germany along with hydrogen as part of a cooperation deal. On July 19, the official German website deutschland.de announced the Egyptian leader had offered Germany and Europe increased cooperation to secure energy supplies. It added: “Scholz and Al-Sisi confirmed that they had also discussed the subject of human rights. “Scholz said nothing about details, for example about political prisoners in Egypt.” Mr Fattah el-Sisi was also in Paris with Mr Macron to discuss “the "economic, energy and global food security consequences of (Russia and Ukraine’s) conflict” on July 22. Ms von der Leyen also announced a deal in June to get more gas from Egypt to Europe. Politico noted Egypt’s abysmal human rights record, citing Human Rights Watch’s report on the country. "Tens of thousands of government critics, including journalists and human rights defenders, remain imprisoned on politically motivated charges," noted Human Rights Watch. The French President was also urged by Reporters Without Borders to raise the fates of Alaa Abdel Fattah and of the 22 journalists who are detained arbitrarily in Egypt ahead of the meeting. The Human Freedom Index places Egypt as the fourth worst country in the world, at 161th, while Politico has the country at three out of five its “blood for oil” index. Meanwhile, European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen spoke with Azerbaijan’s President Ilham Aliyev in July, with the EU official saying the bloc has “decided to diversify away from Russia and to turn towards more reliable, trustworthy partners”. On a trip to Baku earlier this month, Ms von der Leyen signed a deal to raise deliveries by 50 percent to 12 billion cubic meters (bcm), then up to 20 bcm “in a few years”. Politico noted Azerbaijan “has its problems”, citing the 2020 war in Nagorno-Karabakh, Mr Aliyev’s human rights violations as leader, and claims of “electoral fraud, curtailing press freedom and arresting and beating opposition activists”. The Human Freedom Index places Azerbaijan at 127th, and Politico ranks it three out of five for “blood for oil”. Politico gave Russia five out of five on the “blood for oil” index, and said of the country: “Relations with Russia are in the dumpster as Putin's military continues to pummel Ukrainian cities and slaughter civilians. “The US Senate on Thursday unanimously approved a resolution calling on Secretary of State Antony Blinken to designate Russia a state sponsor of terrorism.”