Last year, Andie Macdowell, 64, decided to swap her staple dark hair for her natural grey after years of dyeing her curly locks. As she embraces her salt and pepper tresses, Andie was asked in a new interview about how others have responded, particularly men on the dating scene. When asked about the male attention she receives, Andie said: "It's better.  “I might have looked younger and more acceptable to someone before, but I want to be appreciated for where I am, for my age.  “And the response from men has been, 'You look beautiful’,” she told The Times.Andie gushed that she thinks her grey hair makes her eyes look greener and “pop in a way they didn't before”. READ MORE:Meghan and Harry's appearance 'paint a thousand words' claims host The Four Weddings And A Funeral star also said that she was “relieved” that people were “loving and kind” when she decided to ditch the dark. However, she says that people were constantly trying to dissuade her from going grey because they felt “it wasn’t time”.Andie continued: “I disagreed. I was kowtowing to everybody else's beliefs, but I truly want to be where I am and look my age."Last month, Andie revealed that she stopped dyeing her hair during the Covid pandemic after she watched her sister do the same. The award-winning actress explained to People: “She's only 18 months older than me [and] she's full-on silver.“I thought she looked so much more beautiful being silver. I was jealous!"On her decision to ditch the dye, Andie says she allowed her roots to grow out first. She discovered that she liked the way it looked on her face and against her complexion.She went on: “During Covid, I could see the roots with my face and with my skin and my eyes, and I liked it. I felt that I would be happier. And I am happier. I really like it. DON'T MISSDavid Warner dead: Titanic and Omen star dies aged 80[LATEST]Paul O'Grady inundated with support after falling ill[INSIGHT]Geena Davis' 'upsetting' divorce from Jeff Goldblum detailed[NEWS] "I'm 64, and this is the time of my life. Eventually, I'm going to be silver. And I wanted to have this experience of feeling what it is."Andie is currently single after previously being married twice.First, she wed rancher Paul Qualley in 1986 and they have three children: Justin, 36, Rainey, 32, and Margaret, 27.They divorced in 1999 and Andie married high school sweetheart Rhett Hartzog from 2001 until 2004. Andie also had a year-long relationship with Dennis Quaid in 1999. It comes as Andie and her youngest daughter Margaret currently star together on Netflix’s Maid.It follows a single mother (played by Margaret) who cleans houses to make a living.Andie plays her on-screen mother and their fractured relationship features heavily in the plot.Maid is available to stream on Netflix.