 Kate, Duchess of Cambridge is likely to be delighted with the arrival of a new addition to the Middleton family. Pippa Middleton and her husband James Matthews welcomed their third child earlier this summer and it has recently been revealed that the couple has chosen the name Rose for their baby girl. It comes after reports that both the Middleton sisters are preparing to move closer to their childhood home.  Kate and her husband Prince William are understood to be leaving Kensington Palace and relocating to Adelaide Cottage, a four-bedroom property on the grounds of Windsor Great Park. Meanwhile, Pippa and James are moving back to Berkshire and have reportedly purchased a new £15 million home. The new house is apparently about 20-minutes from her parent's home in the village of Bucklebury. Kate, Pippa and their brother James all grew up in the quaint village and had a relatively normal upbringing. READ MORE: Pippa Middleton's baby girl's name has heartwarming link to Meghan's daughter Lilibet  While the Duchess of Cambridge now lives a life of luxury in Kensington Palace as the future Queen Consort, when it came to heading off to university, she hoped to earn some extra cash before moving away. So, like many other students, Kate found a summer job. But rather than waiting tables or stacking shelves, the Duchess took a slightly more unusual route. According to the book ‘Kate: The Future Queen’, the Duchess worked as a deckhand on a fleet of Challenger yachts based in Southampton.  Author Katie Nicholl spoke to Cal Tomlinson, ​​one of the skippers Kate worked under, who claimed the work was “back-breaking”. But Mr Tomlinson insisted that the Duchess “was very professional” and “mucked in”. However, according to the skipper, some of Kate’s colleagues liked to have fun and even played a prank on the future Queen. One of the Duchess’ duties was giving clients a safety demonstration which involved showing how the vessel’s life jackets worked. DON'T MISS: Meghan 'skipped Balmoral trip' with royals to take Archie on holiday [REVEAL] Fans gush over Queen and George's 'special' bond in pictures [PICTURES] Meghan and Harry slammed for alleged fears over Lili’s royal rank [INSIGHT]  But one day, during the demonstration, her former colleagues pulled a “mortifying” prank. Mr Tomlinson told the book: "When she pulled the toggle, the thing inflated and a load of condoms fell out. "She was mortified and very embarrassed. She took it more seriously than the others might have, but she wasn't thrown off her stride. “She was angry at first, but she settled down, and I don't remember her ever getting them back.”  Despite her summer job horror experience, the Duchess appears to be keen to show her children the advantages of having a holiday job. Earlier this year, she revealed that her eldest son Prince George had an equally unusual job during the school holidays. While staying at the Cambridges’ family home in Norfolk — Anmer Hall in Sandringham — George does his bit to help out on the 8,000-hectare country estate. On a visit to a goat farm during a trip to Wales in March, Kate told of how nine-year-old George had been responsible for moving animal feed. It came after William had pointed out a robot silage sweeper in one of the barns to the farmer, who explained that it could also be used to move feed. Kate then replied: “That was George’s job at half term — moving feed.”  William continued to say that his children had been getting involved on the farm at Sandringham, where his father Prince Charles has been working to turn the estate into a fully organic operation and added: “We are trying some Agroforestry as well.” The Cambridge children have been in the spotlight in recent months, having stolen the show during the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations in June.  Queen Elizabeth II put emphasis on the future of the monarchy by putting three of her great-grandchildren in the royal limelight.  George and his two siblings — seven-year-old Princess Charlotte and four-year-old Prince Louis — rode in a carriage ahead of the Trooping the Colour parade, were in the front row of the Royal Box for the Platinum Party at the Palace and made two Buckingham Palace appearances. And as interest in the third, fourth and fifth in line to the throne grows, Kate and William reportedly want to give them as normal an upbringing as possible.  Pauline Maclaran, a Professor of Marketing and Consumer Research at Royal Holloway University, has claimed that the Cambridges will need to manage the growing focus carefully. Prof. Maclaran told Express.co.uk: “Obviously George is the star of the show because he is the future king. But I think they will play their own roles within the monarchy. “I think there will be a focus on the Cambridge children; I think they will have to manage that carefully actually because there will be a lot more interest once Charles and Camilla take over, and William becomes the direct heir to the throne.” She added: “There will be more of a focus and I think that Kate and William will have to work more to maintain their privacy. “I can imagine that it will be a difficult thing for them to negotiate in the future.” ‘Kate: The Future Queen’ was written by Katie Nicholl and published by Hachette Books in 2013. You can buy it here.