Back at the beginning of June, Knowles appeared on an episode of BBC’s Saturday Kitchen where he revealed that he intended to lose three stone, mainly through giving up beer and wine. Back in 2014, the star faced a separate health scare that meant he needed to find “a better way” of managing his health. Due to the relentless pressure of stress, Knowles suffered from a ruptured sinus artery, a scare that prompted him to go on a retreat to Thailand, take up yoga and become vegan. At the time, Knowles knew that his hectic work schedule was partly to blame for his dwindling health, but went on to share: “I knew I couldn’t change my pace; it’s who I am. “But it was plainly an issue. I was on the way to doing to myself what my father had done to himself. “So I went to a retreat in Thailand. I took up yoga, became vegan, and they’ve worked well for me.”  DON'T MISS: Dementia: The type of fish linked to the brain condition - ‘Avoid overconsumption’  “But I didn't want to tell anyone because I thought I wouldn't get a booking for work! I kept it to myself." Despite the physically demanding role of DIY SOS keeping the star on his feet all day, with Knowles history of health issues, it is clear that the star needed to re-prioritise his needs. He added: “People see me on TV, big hairy blokey bloke, a nice man, but they don’t have to live with me. Anyone can be made to look nice if you edit them down to half an hour a week. “I’m not great in the mornings. I have a face that joins in around 11am, and a voice that joins in around midday.  “And I’m always off doing something, I’m working or off on a plane or off to play football. It gets a bit wearing.” Kaplan Sinus Relief explains that whilst it is common knowledge that stress can raise your blood pressure, few people know that there is a link between stress and sinusitis - a common condition in which the lining of the sinuses becomes inflamed. In fact, sinus pressure and congestion can accompany periods of stress and worsen an already uncomfortable state of being. One way this occurs is through stress and anxiety affecting the sinuses indirectly. The conditions increase an individual's susceptibility to a range of health issues that, in turn, worsen sinus problems. Over a lengthy period of time, stress can weaken the body’s immune system, making you more vulnerable to the effects of allergens, as well as germs, bacteria, viruses, infections.  Some of the most common stress-related infections eat away at your cilia, which is responsible for blocking harmful bacteria from entering the body through your nose. The destruction of cilia creates the link between stress and sinusitis. Without the cilia properly in place, bacteria is free to grow, causing nasal sinuses to become clogged. This can lead to the following symptoms: It is important to note that while individuals may not be able to control everything that’s creating stress in their life, they can take steps to keep their sinuses clear and healthy in stressful situations. The following are three simple tips recommended by Kaplan in order to avoid stress-related sinus problems: 