The fitness industry can be a challenge for anyone, whether it's gym-barrasment or not quite hitting a personal best, it’s easy to look negatively upon a workout from time to time. But experts have reassured that there is no such thing as a "bad workout". Sweatband personal trainer Ruth Stone, explained: "Simply showing up and getting any safe workout done whatever the effort level, duration, or variety has incredible benefits for both personal fitness and mental wellness. "From the perspective of mental health, completing a workout can alleviate stress, increase the brain’s sensitivity to serotonin and produce endorphins which are well established as positive mood enhancers." She continued: "Physically speaking, completing your allotted training session will do wonders for long-term goals ranging from weight loss, muscle gain, bone health, and overall energy levels. "There is no such thing as a bad workout – just bad practices and bad perceptions." Sweatband's fitness experts listed the unsung benefactors of exercise, no matter a person's experience level. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake Exercise of virtually any kind will do wonders for stress management and elimination. The experts explained: "Endorphins are the brain’s "feel good" neurotransmitters and are boosted into overdrive during exercise – helping to improve mood and turn your frown upside down after a heavy day at work. "Aside from the endorphin high, you also benefit greatly from stress management specifically." It does this by using physical exercise to imitate the body’s fight or flight response, helping the body perfect its unified response to external stress factors. This leads to amazing benefits for the digestive, cardiovascular and immune system against adverse stress responses. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] The experts identified a "common theme" with the unseen benefits of exercise is the intrinsic value to mental faculties across the board, both long term and short term. Numerous studies cite that regular exercise can even protect against adverse neurological conditions in later life, namely dementia. This is due to exercise acting as a catalyst for brain cell growth and survival – aerobic exercise in particular. Even three moderate sessions of 20 minutes a week can do wonders for brain cell cultivation. "From a less medical position, there is little better at improving mental resilience than adhering to a training schedule and pushing your limits," the experts added. "The physical stress of exercise and the body’s mental response to handling this enables transferable resilience to be built up and applied to other aspects of our lives. "Stressful day? You can get through it. A hard deadline fast approaching? You’ve got this." READ MORE: Fitness: How to 'increase fat burning' in a heatwave - expert advice Regular exercise greatly benefits the joints, which in turn strengthens the bones. But the experts revealed sometimes, it’s easy forget working on growing muscle mass also directly impacts the health and lifespan of the parts they are attached to and what covers the bones. "Keeping our bones good and healthy, in a bid to protect against possible fractures and later-life degenerative conditions, is the unsung benefit of completing regular exercise," they said. Exercise forces the body to work harder than usual, which in turn increases the demand on the heart to pump the oxygenated blood throughout our body at higher frequencies (an increased heart rate). The experts said: "Our heart, after all, is a muscle like any other in our body, and with any muscle in the human body, the more you train it, the more efficient it becomes. "Therefore, the fitter you become the lower your heart rate will become under exercise conditions, and the heart becomes sufficiently trained and primed for any future stressors." They explained: "The cardiovascular benefits from just showing up and training are immense". "From lowering blood pressure to improving blood flow and lowering cholesterol to improving your workout efficiency overall." Ruth also encouraged people to "forget the negative nay-saying and focus on the fact that exercise of any kind will produce net benefits to you on levels beyond what you see listed on Instagram and TikTok".