Many people are opting for smart meters so they can monitor their energy use in real-time as prices soar. However, millions of the devices may not be working due to “unreliable signal” or problems being switched from one energy provider to another. In a letter to The Guardian last month, a consumer complained that her meter, run through Shell Energy, was not working. She said that her smart meter became “strangely uncommunicative” shortly before the April 1 tariff increase on gas. After the newspaper asked other consumers to send in their complaints about their own smart meters, hundreds of letters began flooding in. John Curtis, the manager of a residential estate, said: “Smart meters are an absolute scandal – millions were spent, yet the majority here are now useless. “We have to read almost all of them and are frequently required to provide dated photographs for all phases plus the total, on each meter - sometimes four photos for each reading - since the power companies don’t trust customers to provide accurate readings. “Another example of taxpayers’ money wasted on a government fantasy, with unproven technology rolled out nationwide with an almost entirely negative result. “The money would have been better spent continuing to employ meter readers instead of devolving this increasingly irksome task to customers.”   Another consumer said his electricity meter stopped communicating when he switched companies from EDF to Green. Then when he switched to Shell his gas meter stopped working while his electricity meter began communicating again. He said: “Personally I think smart meters are just a massive waste of money. Smart meters have had no impact on my energy usage whatsoever.” Another added: “It certainly doesn’t save me any money as I’d kept a close eye on what I was using anyway, and I dread to think what scarce minerals are used in making the meters and gadgets. The arguments for installing them are greenwash in my view.” Shell Energy told The Guardian: “As is the case across the industry, a small proportion of smart metering equipment can lose communication. Where the cause of the fault can be identified and is within our control, we work to resolve the issue as swiftly as possible. Where the issue is beyond our control, we work with our industry partners to try to address these.”  READ MORE: Five hospitalised by terrifying e-bike fire as blaze ravages house  The energy and gas comparison site Uswitch has suggested as many as four million smart meters could be running in “dumb” mode, requiring customers or professionals to read them. Richard Neudegg, head of regulation at Uswitch.com, said: “Consumers have been trying to find ways to reduce their energy use, and it is good to see that millions of households have turned to smart meters to save money. “Installing smart meters in half the homes in the country is an impressive milestone, but it’s important to remember that four million of these are operating in ‘dumb’ mode, so there’s still a lot of work to be done." The news comes as companies are having trouble finding semiconductors used in the devices.  DON'T MISS:Ukraine: Russia has 'insufficient' manpower to control Kherson [LIVE]Queen refused Meghan and Harry's Lilibet photo plea due to health woes [INSIGHT]EU did NOTHING! Baerbock & Coveney ‘rewriting history’ [REPORT] In evidence submitted to MPs on the Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy Committee, Energy UK said: “As an industry, we are already experiencing the effects of the global [semiconductor] shortage. "Many energy suppliers have suffered shortfalls in the deliveries of smart metering equipment as a result of smart metering device manufacturers being unable to secure sufficient volumes of semiconductor materials to meet demand. Due to the war in Ukraine and global supply chain issues, it is unclear when the supply of semiconductors will be able to fulfil the demand. During the pandemic lockdowns, installations of the meters dropped dramatically. However, they are on the rise and the Government has a goal of offering every UK household the option of replacing their meter with a smart meter by 2025 as part of its drive to get to net-zero carbon emissions. There were 28.8million households with smart meters installed in the UK at the end of March 2022 or slightly more than half, according to data from the Department for Business, Energy & Industrial Strategy. 