The European Union mouthpiece suffered a political disaster last month when his Ensemble coalition fell short of the 289 seats required for an overall majority in the French parliament. It leaves the under-pressure Emmanuel Macron and he is now scrambling to form a ruling coalition or lead a minority Government that will have to enter into talks with opponents on a bill-by-bill basis. Failing that, he faces the nightmare prospect of calling a snap general election - just weeks after he won a second term in office. But with Mr Macron losing so much influence in the French parliament, he now faces an uphill battle to force any of his policies through, both domestically and on a European level, according to a leading Frexiteer. This includes the possible formation of one EU Army that has come to the fore during Russia's war in Ukraine, with the President warning the bloc can no longer rely on NATO or the US for protection. Generation Frexit member Eric Noirez told Express.co.uk: "The bitter electoral setback suffered by Macron is in a way the death warrant of his project to create a European army. "In concrete terms, the French President's whim had never gone beyond the stage of fine words and vain incantations, as he had never really found any real support among the EU community for such a pipedream. "With a national parliament that is no longer at all in his favour, Macron will henceforth be unable to obtain democratic (and constitutional) legitimacy on a national level to push forward his European Army project. "He will also be unable to push it forward at the European level since the creation of a European Army would imply a modification of the European treaties, a modification that is voted on unanimously by the member states." Mr Noirez warned as a result of his recent election disaster, the French President is "more isolated than ever" - both from a national European and global standpoint. He added: "Macron is completely isolated on this issue, both at the European and international level, and now at the national level. READ MORE: Putin reaches out to Serbia in chilling warning to NATO "It was also feared that Macron had the idea that France would give up its permanent seat on the UN Security Council to the European Union, but this prospect seems definitely impossible in view of the new parliamentary composition in France. "In reality, on the European army project, Emmanuel Macron is more isolated than ever." Earlier this year, the French President had said: “We cannot let others defend ourselves; whether on land, at sea, under the sea, in the air, in space or in cyberspace. Our European defence must take a new step." But a senior British academic has also slapped down the chances of an EU Army. DON'T MISSRemainer Tory leader hopefuls warned against Brexit voter 'betrayal' [INTERVIEW]Boris was right to try and stay, his departure will be damaging [OPINION]Ukraine fury as EU hands Putin ‘gift’: 'He's rubbing hands with glee!' [COMMENTS] Anand Menon, Professor of European Politics and Foreign Affairs at Kings College London, exclusively told Express.co.uk last month: “The creation of an EU Army is not a realistic possibility. “There is no prospect at all of a military force under single EU command. “When the EU does become involved in defence, it is always performed under national control. “No country would be willing to give up its armed forces for a supranational entity such as the EU.” Professor Menon was also sceptical about Mr Macron’s, and France’s true feelings towards an EU Army. He added: “I think the French will be the last county to give up its army to the EU.”