As expected, Newcastle United have been active in this transfer window already and they've already confirmed the signings of Sven Botman and Nick Pope. And they could be joined by more arrivals this summer. It's the first summer window since they were taken over by the Saudi backed consortium last year, and the Magpies are very much in a new era. Matt Targett has also made his loan move permanent, and Kieran Tripper, Bruno Guimaraes and Chris Wood all joined in January. But Newcastle could look even more different come the start of the season, as Eddie Howe is linked with more signings between now and the end of the window. Here Express Sport bring you four of the names Newcastle have been most heavily linked to as they look to bring in more talent this summer.  READ MORE: Man Utd chief Richard Arnold 'lays out four key points in leaked email It's clear that Newcastle are targeting a striker, as with Chris Wood's stuttered start and Callum Wilson's injury record, they need a guarantee in that position. Calvert-Lewin has been linked with a move away for some time, and with Arsenal securing Gabriel Jesus that leaves Newcastle as the front runners. Newcastle may have been handed a blow after Tottenham signed Richarlison, as it's unlikely that Everton will want to let both of their main stars go. But if the right money is offered then they may find it difficult to refuse. The Magpies have the money, lots of it, and it's cash that Everton could deal with at this moment in time. A tall no.9 is something that Newcastle have been lacking for some time, and Calvert-Lewin fits the profile. JUST IN: Arsenal target Raphinha has already dropped Gunners transfer hint  Newcastle could create a frightening French attack in the near future, with Allan Saint-Maximin already proving to be a handful for defenders. Highly-rated Moussa Diaby has already been linked with a move to Newcastle, with a £35million bid rumoured. Bayer Leverkusen are reluctant to sell, especially as their other main asset Patrick Schick is also being targeted. But again, if Newcastle offer enough money then it could force the German side into a sale. Leverkusen did manage to climb into the Champions League next season, meaning that they may keep their stars for now. But they could also reinvest any fee received to fill out their squad for the campaign ahead.  The long transfer saga of Hugo Ekitike to Newcastle is nearing completion, as the Magpies are closing in on the signing of the Reims striker. The French club have accepted an offer of £25.6m according to The Guardian. They first targeted the youngster in January, but a deal has finally been reached seven months later. Ekitike has indicated a willingness to accept the terms of a five-year deal at Newcastle, but a final decision is still pending. Ekitike scored 10 times in 24 Ligue 1 appearances during the 2021-22 season, but a hamstring injury ruled him out from February to May. The Frenchman was reluctant to leave mid-season, but could be about to move this summer.  Chelsea star and former Southampton loanee Armando Broja is of interest to both West Ham and Tottenham, with a £30m price-tag rumoured for the Albanian. The Blues loaned out Broja last season, and he had bright spells in the south of England. It's not yet known if Broja is in Thomas Tuchel's plans, but the exit of Romelu Lukaku could complicate things for potential suitors. Kai Havertz played as a no.9 for large parts of last season but isn't seen as the long-term option. But Chelsea are closing in on the signing of Raphinha and are also pursuing Raheem Sterling, so Broja may be surplus to requirements. 