The latest RAC Fuel Watch shows that motorists will have to pay 187.19p per litre of petrol and 195.88p per litre of diesel. And, while the forecast predicts that both prices should keep falling, it might take a while for British motorists to see a considerable difference. According to research carried out by chooseMyCar.com, 76 percent of drivers agreed that they’re now more likely to use hypermiling techniques. However, the founder of chooseMyCar.com, Nick Zapolski, said that drivers must do their research before using any methods of saving fuel. He said: “While hypermiling might be good for our pockets, some techniques are not good for our or our car’s safety.“ With that in mind experts at ChooseMyCar.com came up with some of the most tried and tested fuel-saving techniques that drivers should follow. READ MORE: Drivers urged to use specific air con setting to save fuel Before you even put fuel in your car, think about whether it’s in the best condition. Are your tyres pumped sufficiently? Are your oil levels topped up? Has your car been serviced in the last year? You may not realise, but in order for your vehicle to save fuel, you need to make sure it’s in top condition. DON'T MISS Electric cars might not be the best way to tackle the fuel crisis [INSIGHT] Drivers urged to use little-known fuel-saving techniques [REVEAL] Drivers urged to use special kind of sunglasses when driving [ADVICE] If your tyres aren’t sufficiently inflated, your car will have to work harder to perform the way you’re used to. That means using more fuel. If your oil levels aren’t suitable, more energy will be required to turn the engine. Some cars will tell you the real-time MPG of your vehicle as you’re driving along. This can be a great tool to help your driving become more economical, although this can be distracting, so be cautious. Our advice; if your car can tell you what the current MPG of your travelling car is, there’s a chance it also has an eco-setting. Turn that on. It will prevent you from driving too erratically. READ MORE: Fuel station selling petrol for just £1.69 a litre - mile-long queues Each time you brake, you turn your fuel into heat and brake dust. So don’t speed up just to slam the brakes on. If you see the speed limit ahead is being reduced, don’t wait until you get to the sign to hit the brake. Let your car naturally slow itself down before you force it to. The less you use your brakes and the more you use natural resistance to slow your car - the better for your fuel. More often than not, safe driving means saving fuel. The faster you travel the more fuel you use. That doesn’t mean you should drive at 30mph on a motorway. But consider the fact that statistically, most cars will be most efficient at around 56mph. For each five to 10mph you reduce your speed by, you can look to gain seven to 14 percent on your fuel economy. This means if you’re one of those people on the motorway bumbling along at 77mph (because you think it means you won’t get caught for speeding) you’re wasting more fuel than the person next to you travelling at the speed limit. Truth be told, it pays to stick to the law! Driving to the shops to go and get some milk? Need to pick the kids up from school? Are you one of these people who always opts for the car because it’s easier? Well, a great way for you to save money on your fuel is to stop using the car. Alternatively, why not opt for public transport? You’ll be surprised at how much fuel you can save by replacing your car with the bus or train. Perhaps you live near a colleague, you could both travel to work together and cut your fuel costs - quite literally - in half! It might be an electric one or perhaps a hybrid vehicle. But the truth is that they’re an expensive purchase. Make your fuel work for the current car you have. Use our tips, drive safely, slowly, and lay off the pedals. If times really get tough, leave the car at home and enjoy some fresh air instead.