Arsenal are interested in signing Lyon midfielder Lucas Paqueta this summer. But the Brazil international has three reasons why he may not see a move to the Emirates as a wise decision. Arsenal have made four signings so far this summer, with Gabriel Jesus the latest arrival at £45million. Fabio Vieira, Matt Turner and young winger Marquinhos have also all joined. Mikel Arteta is not finished there though and is still keen to add to his first-team squad. But the pursuit of Paqueta may not be straightforward. CBS Sports claims Arsenal are confident of convincing the 24-year-old to join. However, there are reasons why he may not want to make that move. Transfer news LIVE: Two Man Utd signings close, Ronaldo offer, Chelsea medical  Paqueta is an attacking midfielder and played the majority of last season as a No 10. He even featured as a false No 9 at times for Lyon, and played off the right. But Arsenal already have three players who are of a similar style in Martin Odegaard, Emile Smith Rowe and new boy Vieira. Odegaard is now a mainstay of Arteta's side and is a contender to become the club's new captain. The Norwegian enjoyed a successful first full season in the Premier League and is one of the first names on the team sheet for Arteta. Odegaard more often than not takes up either the No 10 position, or as one of the two No 8s in front of a deeper-lying midfielder. He and Granit Xhaka were Arteta's preferred options as the No 8s last season, especially when Thomas Partey was injury-free and available as the No 6. The signing of Portuguese midfielder Vieira also adds to Arteta's attacking midfield options. DON'T MISSChelsea told to make double attacking signing and sell two stars who are 'not good enough'Chelsea risk letting £36m slip through their fingers after Granovskaia talksLeeds in 'big trouble' after two transfer decisions as Jesse Marsch warned of sack  Vieira, who has joined for a fee that could rise to £34m, plays in a very similar position to Paqueta. Signing two players of a similar ilk may not be money well spent by the Gunners. There is also the presence of Smith Rowe. The England international may already feel his nose has been put out of joint slightly by Vieira's arrival. Smith Rowe played the majority of his football last season off the left but can also occupy a more central role. Paqueta therefore may wonder if he will get a regular place in the team if he joins, with at least three other players competing for a starting spot. Xhaka looks set to stay and he will be a starter if he does, along with Partey if he can keep himself fit. Unless Arteta has different plans for Paqueta, he may struggle to convince him that the Emirates is the right destination for him. 