Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's royal status is "burning out" after repeated attacks on the Royal Family. Royal author Tom Bower has claimed that they will have to give up their titles. He warned that their comments on the royals will turn into a "damp squib". Speaking to Palace Confidential on Mailplus, Mr Bower said: "They're burning out their royal status pretty fast now. "I think they'll in the end have to give that up because it won't wash well. "They can only do so by being sensational and by doing something. "They are constantly searching for new things to do. But it always comes back to the royals. READ MORE: Meghan 'used wedding to build career' says Bower "Whether it is flying back for the Jubilee so they might be photographed with the Queen - that went wrong. "Or, alternatively, it is dumping on the Royal Family in Harry's forthcoming book. But eventually, it is going to be a damp squib." It comes as Meghan and Harry reunited with senior members of the Royal Family for the first time since Megxit during the Queen's Platinum Jubilee weekend. But the royal couple's Netflix plans were dismantled when palace aides stopped them from taking photos with the Queen. Royal expert Russell Myers claimed that officials were "absolutely" against images amid claims the Duke and Duchess of Sussex are working on a Netflix documentary. Speaking to TODAY, Mr Myers said: "The Queen did get to meet her great-granddaughter Lilibet. "There was no official photography being placed but the reports were that Harry and Meghan did want their friend Misan Harriman to come and have a picture with the Queen. "Of course that would have been a nice family moment but the palace were absolutely adamant that it couldn't take place. DON'T MISS Harry and Meghan warned 'everything rests of his book' [INSIGHT]Queen could 'intervene' to ensure Harry and Meghan visit Balmoral [ANALYSIS]Meghan McCain slams Prince Harry over Constitution attack [VIDEO] "You can't blame them because Harry and Meghan are still rumoured to be doing this fly on the wall documentary with Netflix. It's all getting quite messy." Harry and Meghan's relegated seats were a telling sign of their change in status. Far across the aisle from the Prince of Wales, the Duchess of Cornwall and the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, Harry and Meghan sat in the second row, behind the Wessex family and the Duke and Duchess of Gloucester. Working royals filled the front-row chairs, meaning there was no place there for Harry and Meghan in the prime positions. They no longer use their HRH styles and the event was their first public appearance alongside the Windsors since they stepped down as senior royals two years ago amid the Megxit storm.