Mandy (played by Lisa Riley) has been getting her life back on track over the past year on Emmerdale, following the events of her disastrous wedding day which saw her criminal partner, Paul Ashdale (Reece Dinsdale), killed off. The village stalwart would have thought she had seen her fair share of villains but the return of Sandra Flaherty (Joanne Mitchell) has left a lot of doubt in her mind. However, in a shock twist, the beautician could end up being embroiled in the villain's latest scam in upcoming scenes on the ITV soap. After getting Sandra a job at the salon at Liv Flaherty's (Isobel Steele) request, Mandy thought it would be a dream to work with Vinny Dingle's (Bradley Johnson) mother-in-law. This way, if there was anything going on or if Sandra had a hidden agenda for returning to the village, Mandy would be able to suss it out. Later on this week, the soap legend will come close to exposing the villain for who she really is as it becomes clear Sandra is going to steal any money whereever she can. With a successful day at the salon complete, Liv's mother pockets a £10 tip and believes this will go unnoticed by the rest of the team. However, Mandy is quick to realise there is some money missing from the tip jar and questions the villain about what happened. READ MORE: Billy Connolly panicked good friend Judi Dench ‘fancied me’ It seems Sandra will manage to pull the wool over Mandy's eyes as spoilers have revealed she will have to tread carefully in the future. Though in the world of soaps, nothing stays a secret for too long and it is only a matter of time before Mandy discovers the truth. The real reason Liv's mother has returned to the village is so she can get her daughter to trust her and hand over her life's savings. Mandy would be horrified, at first, to discover the young woman was going to be swindled and would try to put a stop to it. Sandra, who is known for being the mistress of manipulation, could convince Mandy she should get in on the scam. When Liv and Vinny got married earlier this year, Mandy was left devastated as she wasn't invited to the wedding or even told they had tied the knot. Although she was angry at first, she managed to put those thoughts to the back of her mind as she wanted what was best for her son. Though, the villain could tell her this would be the perfect way for her to get revenge on the young couple and pocket some money at the same time. Mandy never thought she would betray her family but she would see no other way out of this situation and so she would become a criminal once more. Will her conscience finally get the better of her as the scam continues or will this be a dream crime team in the making? DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Gemma Oaten forced to claim benefits [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Charley Webb begs 'send help' before updating fans on kids [COMMENT]Natalie J Robb weight loss: How TV star lost weight without exercise [COMMENT] When she returned to the show in 2019, the actress who plays Mandy, Lisa, hinted her character's devious side would continue to shine through. The soap star explained: "Mandy’s got more faces than Big Ben. There’s a whole generation of Emmerdale viewers who wouldn’t have had a clue who Mandy was! "But I was blown away by the reaction when she came back. I’ve never seen so much excitement for a soap character’s return – there was a lot of pressure on my shoulders," she told Inside Soap. So it could be the viewers of both new and old will get to see the beloved character in all her glory as she is tempted back to the world of crime. However, when her loved ones discover what she has done in teaming up with Sandra, there could be some serious repercussions. Especially with regards to her son Vinny, who she was been angry at in the past for getting married and not telling her. Discussing the betrayal, Lisa said: "Mandy is broken to the core. “I mean, there's deception of what we've gone through over the past year with the lies, the addiction, Paul’s death, but this is deception from Vinny. "She now really can't forgive him. She can't and we play it out and we have these amazing scenes. It’s just heartbreaking. "It is Mandy and Vinny at their best when they play the ultimate comedy and then they'll tear you apart because she can't believe it." "You know, as a Dingle, she's been lied to, she's been cheated, she's been a doormat to everyone," the soap star continued. Lisa added: "The one person she never ever for one second believed would deceive her would be Vinny and he's done the worst. "He's done the worst and it's truly, truly heartbreaking.” However, will it be she who ends up committing the worst betrayal of them all and tearing her family apart in the process? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.