Alex Corretja has called for chair umpires to be stricter at Wimbledon after Nick Kyrgios’ 6-7 (2), 6-4, 6-3, 7-6 (7) win over Stefanos Tsitsipas in the third round was marred by several controversial moments. The Australian was labelled an “evil bully” by Tsitsipas as the two argued on several occasions during their match. Kyrgios was warned for swearing while Tsitsipas came close to being defaulted for hitting a ball into the crowd in frustration, but Corretja believes that the umpire has to take some of the blame - and should've been stronger in his responses to the complaining players. "The chair umpires need to be stricter," Corretja told Eurosport. "There should be respect between players and between chair umpire. The umpire needs to say, 'I am the boss and you can't just do and say whatever you like'. We love the match, we love the entertainment but we need to respect also a little bit the conditions.” Tennis pundit Mats Wilander agreed with Corretja and called for changes to be made to stop tennis from “becoming entertainment” instead of a sport. “They both have a point,” Wilander told Ubitennis. “To be honest, Kyrgios said that Stefanos must be a bit soft mentally if he gets that bothered by him being himself. JUST IN: Rafael Nadal sends message to Roger Federer after causing a storm at Wimbledon “I would say the one to blame is the officials. They are playing within the rules we have now so you can’t blame them, they are trying to win a tennis match. This is what Kyrgios plays like, this is what he does. If you fall for it, then you need to improve your mental stability. At the same time, I would have also felt as Stefanos did. “I think [the problem] lies with the official situation. I am not saying they could have done anything but we need to put rules in place so they can’t do this. We don’t have tennis matches that look like that. DON'T MISSNick Kyrgios shares true feelings towards Stefanos Tsitsipas after fiery Wimbledon winNick Kyrgios refuses to play, calls for Stefanos Tsitsipas to be kicked out of WimbledonRafael Nadal in 'angry' Wimbledon exchange over 'disrespect and etiquette' “I know the crowd loved it but tennis needs to be a sport where you can take your five-year-old and not worry about them getting hit with a tennis ball or hearing a player swearing loudly 20 times. The sport needs to be like that otherwise the sport is becoming entertainment and that is not what tennis is. it is a sport, it’s educational and inspirational more than entertainment.” Tsitsipas aimed several shots at his former doubles partner during their match, which spilt into a war of words both on and off the court. "It felt kind of a circus, in a way. We're there to play tennis," said the 23-year-old Greek player. "I would be pretty upset if I lost to someone two weeks in a row as well," replied Kyrgios, who also beat Tsitsipas in Halle last month. "Maybe he should figure out how to beat me a couple more times first."