Amanda Owen took to Twitter today and gave a rare insight into her schedule after a social media user questioned the shepherdess' absence from the platform. The mum-of-nine explained she had been quite busy behind the scenes after fans shared their concern. The 47-year-old took the opportunity to update her 200,000 followers as the shepherdess admitted she had been "super busy" in recent days. It comes as Amanda recently confirmed she had separated from her husband Clive Owen, 68, after 22 years of marriage. Twitter user @JulieJugeann wrote: "Beautiful. It's great to see you back I've missed your tweets xx." The Channel 5 star retweeted the message in view of her fans. READ MORE: Rebekah Vardy 'devastated' over Wagatha trial - 'Judge got it wrong' Amanda accompanied the post with a video clip of a tiny rock waterfall as she provided an update on her busy life. She penned: "Been super busy, so behind with pictures. Haytiming, gathering, clipping, baking, writing & some downtime too. Just living." The reality star added the hashtags: "#yorkshire #countryside #nature #outdoors." Fans flocked to comment on the post, as they addressed her social media absence.  @northernstock wrote: "Hope you're keeping well. Nice to see you still tweeting." @fluffy504 commented: "If ever there’s an award for the most amazing woman ever it should most definitely be given to you your amazing & such a wonderful inspiration." @HobanGirl remarked: "Not alone. Daily obligations crush too often. Your clip is the perfect illustration. Lovely to see even a brief glimpse of catch-up tho’."(sic) @LizCalvert added: "Enjoy a well deserved rest." DON'T MISS... Elizabeth Taylor is timeless beauty in unearthed Cleopatra pics[LATEST]Angelina Jolie addressed wearing ex-husband Billy Bob Thornton's blood[ADMISSION]Bradley Walsh's distress after being sacked before The Chase[UPDATE] Last month, the TV personality announced she and her husband Clive had split up after 21 years of marriage. She wrote in an Instagram post: “Clive and I are sad to confirm that we have made the difficult decision to separate. This hasn't been easy, but we both believe it's the right choice for the future of our family.” She continued: “Although we are no longer a couple, we continue to work on the farm and co-parent together, with our number one priority the happiness and well-being of our children. “We would like to thank everyone for their support and would that the media please respect our privacy as we work through this difficult time.” The couple shares nine children and said their kids remained their top priority following their split. Amanda has dedicated her life tending to the stunning Ravenseat Farm in the heart of Yorkshire. Our Yorkshire has been airing on Channel 5 for the past four years, having first been introduced on the small screen in late 2018. The Channel 5 show sees her juggling both taking care of the livestock and raising their large family. Our Yorkshire Farm is available to watch on My5.