Royal expert Angela Levin was criticised for claiming that Prince Harry "sees Meghan as an alternative to his mother". Speaking to GB News, Ms Levin said: "I don't think it's a witch hunt. We all loved her when we arrived, we were all thrilled Harry found someone to love and who loved him. "I was one of the presenters of the wedding and I watched her with hawk eyes for 10 hours and I was thrilled to bits she joined the Royal Family. "However, since then she's rejected us very firmly. "She's rejected the country, it's too small and she wants to talk globally. "She's rejected our Royal Family who most of us love and respect and I think she's made a very difficult place for herself. READ MORE: Inside the Queen Mother's £30million residence where Charles had 'fun' "One of the problems that I think is one of the causes is that Harry sees as an alternative to his mother and that she's more like Diana than he could have possibly wished for." But GB News viewers took to Twitter to complain about the comments. Yvonne Davies said: "We don't care." While Andrew Morgan added: "Enough of this drivel." Linda Morton Doyle wrote: "Really couldn't give a hoot." Meanwhile, royal author Tom Bower has since claimed that he was told by Thomas Markle that Meghan barely knew the Hollywood A-listers. Speaking to Palace Confidential on Mailplus, Mr Bower said: "Thomas Markle told me that he knew the people at the wedding better than Meghan because he had filmed with them all at ABC and other studios. DON'T MISS Beatrice and Eugenie’s incredible fortune explored [INSIGHT]Charles 'iced' Harry after Duke of Sussex 'refused' to discuss memoir [ANALYSIS]'Very own Sporty Spice!' Kate turns heads as she steps out in Plymouth [VIDEO] "Meghan didn't know Oprah at all. She's met her once for a few minutes. "She didn't know George Clooney, that was passing once they'd met. "It was all for her future. She used the wedding to build up her career for when she returned to Hollywood." Meghan and Harry tied the knot on May 19, 2018, at St George's Chapel in a highly publicised event.