Fans of cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, have shared their tips for removing slugs from the home. Often, slugs leave unpleasant trails around the home during the night which homeowners then wake up to in the morning. Now, members of a social media cleaning tips group have shared their go-to tricks for ousting the pests from the home. A member of the cleaning group, “Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips” asked Facebook users: “Any tips on how to get rid of slugs permanently? “Every morning there are always trails on the kitchen floor, have no idea where they come from. Thanks!” The post was inundated with responses from fellow Mrs Hinch fans, however, the most popular suggestion was to use salt. Monica Kirkland said: “Salt is the worst thing for slugs. Please don’t use pellets as they poison hedgehogs.” READ MORE:  'Bizarre': Prince Andrew still lives with Sarah in £30m home Phillippa Griffiths replied: “Just put salt around all the walls and doors and around your electrical appliances so they don't get in and wreck them.” Joanna Dab commented: “Not sure about permanently but a line of salt at the front and back door.” Pauline King replied to the post: “Salt in the kitchen for a week.” Ros Moorhouse also suggested Mrs Hinch fans use “salt” to tackle the problem. Salt is a fairly affordable method for tackling slugs in the home. Essential Waitrose Table Salt costs just 55p. Cook With M&S Table Salt is available to buy for 30p. DON’T MISSDEAL OF THE DAY: Early Prime Day deal - Save 43% off Bosch DIY [INSIGHT]When to prune honeysuckle - three key timings for ‘romantic’ climbers [UPDATE]How to ‘immediately’ increase your property value by 10-15 percent [ANALYSIS]  Saxa Table Salt is available to buy from Tesco for £1.05 in a 750g container. Meanwhile, Morrisons Table Salt is available for just 25p. Other suggestions from Mrs Hinch fans included using egg shells, a beer trap, coffee and checking for damp. Marie Blundell said: “I had slugs in my previous home. Every morning in the dining room I had silver trails. “Tried the salt method which didn’t solve it but it turns out I had damp in the floorboards underneath the window. “Floor was ripped up and replaced with concrete screed and they never came back.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Liz Cawley suggested: “My garden is full of them. They can crawl under the door. “Diatomaceous earth is a natural pesticide. As soon as they start to appear, I sprinkle it everywhere. Doesn't harm your plants or pets.” Nat Taylor replied: “Boil some eggs and use the shells. “Crush them up and pop them where you need them. Works every time.” Adelaide Crisp wrote: “Check under your sink. I too have a problem with slugs in my kitchen. “I followed their trail and it lead under my sink cupboard.  “It was damp due to an unknown leak with a tiny hole in the brickwork and that's how they were getting in. No more slug trails thank god.” Marie N Clive Egglestone said: “Can of beer outside back door in a tub.” Jane Jacobson commented on the post: “They hate coffee.” Stephen J Paget suggested: “You need to figure out where they are coming from. “I use copper tape on my plant pots, the slime reacts with the copper and gives them a zap like an electric shock and they stop climbing up to get to the plants.”