Experts at Boiler Central have warned that faulty boilers could make soaring energy bills surge even further, so it’s important for homeowners and tenants to keep an eye on their appliance. The law states that a boiler needs to be serviced every 12 months, with homeowners and landlords responsible for ensuring that this happens. Tenants are responsible to inform their landlord of any faults or issues, so they need to check their boiler regularly. Signs that a boiler needs to be serviced include if energy bills suddenly go up and if there is no hot water or the water is not sufficiently heated. There may be an issue if heating water takes longer than usual or if the boiler is leaking. Other signs to look out for are if the boiler makes an unusual noise or if foul smells come from the boiler. READ MORE: Universal Credit claimants could get £812 advance on top of £650 Cost of Living payment Odours coming from the boiler could be gas leaks, such as carbon monoxide. A spokesperson for Boiler Central said: “Regular boiler service can prevent issues that are not only expensive but potentially hazardous to a household. “UK law is clear about who is responsible for maintaining and servicing boilers in rental properties. “The law stipulates that landlords or letting agencies must maintain boilers (and other gas appliances) in rented properties, do a yearly gas safety check on all gas appliances, and give a copy of the most up-to-date certificate to new and existing tenants.” Landlords do not have the legal right to force entry if a tenant is unwilling to grant them access to the boiler. They should give repeated notice to the tenant in writing and seek to educate them on the need for an annual gas safety check and regular boiler service. Boilers may have less use during the summer months, but Britons should still keep an eye on them. This way they can avoid further costs later in the year. READ MORE: Lloyds Bank issues warning on scam which may cause ‘serious harm’ Boiler Central provided some tips on things people can do to help keep their boiler functioning properly. Turning on the heating, even during the warmer months, can make sure that the appliance is working correctly. This will help flag up any issues and avoid any problems going into the colder months. People should also make sure that the vents aren’t blocked, as adequate airflow is vital for the boiler to work. Vents work best by being left clear, with no household items covering them, even if the boiler is installed in a cupboard. Another tip is to bleed the radiators once a year, to keep them running as they should. Boiler specialists can help with this, if homeowners are not sure how to bleed a radiator. A recent survey by OnePoll found that two thirds had problems with their heating or hot water during the winter months. Only one in five said that they service their boiler every year.