Mr Bower’s new book ‘Revenge: Meghan, Harry and the War Between the Windsor’s’ is about the ongoing rift between the Royal Family. The book due to be published on Thursday has already caused some uproar with claims that Harry’s friends disliked the Duchess and that she acts with an air of pomposity and self-importance. Such claims are already beginning to be debunked before the book has been released after journalist Sam Kashner felt that his interactions with Meghan had been misrepresented by Mr Bower. Mr Kashner, who interviewed the Duchess of Sussex for Vanity Fair in 2017 prior to her wedding to Prince Harry, said that she is “extraordinary”. An extract from The Times said that Mr Kashner accused Ms Markle of “manipulating” the media. During the interview, the Duchess reportedly spoke to Mr Kashner about her relationship with Harry, despite wanting it to remain private and not publicised. The extract of the book stated: “‘Tell me about Harry’ said Kashner, not expecting an answer. ‘We’re a couple. We’re in love,’ Meghan replied into the recording device. “Clearly prepared, she baulked when asked, ‘What does love mean?’ Instead, she asked Kashner about his marriage. “Eventually she uttered, ‘I’m sure there will be a time when we will have to come forward and present ourselves and have stories to tell, but I hope what people will understand is that this is our time. “This is for us. It’s part of what makes it so special, that it’s just ours. But we’re happy. I love a great love story. “Bullseye. Kashner was quietly elated. Tellingly, she added: ‘I’ve never defined myself by my relationship.’ She was an independent woman who would not be defined by her relationship with Harry.” The issue was then published with the headline “She’s just wild about Harry” which allegedly irritated the Duchess with the focus about her relationship with the Prince. The book quotes Kashner saying of Meghan that “she complained because she wasn’t presented in the way she wanted”. It continued: “She demanded that the media do what she expects. I felt manipulated.” READ MORE: Sunak has NO SUPPORT among Express readers despite winning MP vote However, yesterday in a letter to The Times Editor, Sam Kashner said: “Sir, I’m afraid Tom Bower didn’t convey my admiration and respect for Meghan Markle in the excerpt from his new book in The Times on Saturday (“Writer ‘felt manipulated’ by Meghan). “I found Ms Markle to be exceptionally warm and gracious and admired her intelligence and her remarkable courage, as I still do.” He continued: “I regretted the oft-published account of challenging Proctor & Gamble being edited out of my Vanity Fair article, because I’d wanted to highlight her lifelong activism. “The piece itself was quite laudatory.” He added: “One more thing. I do not have a stutter. I may hem and haw a bit but a stammer is not a stutter and, as far as I know, Ms Markle never said she liked me because of it! DON'T MISS: Brian May thrilled as Queen top Beatles in incredible new achievement (POLL)London fires LIVE: Heathrow Airport metres away from huge blaze  (LIVE)Where will Boris Johnson live after he leaves Downing Street? (INSIGHT) “A belated congratulations to Prince Harry for taking such an extraordinary woman as his bride. “Theirs is clearly a love match, so maybe we should stop piling on and let the couple live their life in peace.” Executive Royal Editor for Yahoo News Omid Scobie tweeted about the letter from Kashner saying: “Telling the truth. “Buried deep within the letters section of today’s The Times is a note from journalist Sam Kashner, who denies biographer Tom Bower’s negative account of his experience interviewing Meghan Markle for Vanity Fair in 2017.” The explosive and highly anticipated book is set to be published on Thursday and will certainly rock both Buckingham Palace and Meghan and Harry.