Meghan Markle and Prince Harry are "burning out" their celebrity status in the US, according to royal author Tom Bower. Speaking to Palace Confidential, the royal biographer said the couple was struggling to stay relevant as interest waned in the former working royals. He said the Sussexes will eventually have to "give up" their royal status and find another brand if they want to continue to be seen as celebrities in America. Mr Bower recently published a bombshell biography of Meghan Markle, titled Revenge: Meghan, Harry and the War Between the Windsors. The royal author claimed the Sussexes had overused their "royal card" and Americans were no longer interested in the couple. He told Palace Confidential host Jo Elvin: "When Meghan called up two US senators to campaign for maternity pay, she introduced herself as Meghan, the Duchess of Sussex. "She plays the royal card the whole time. "I don't think that will play well in an election for Congress or Senate if she did pursue politics." JUST IN: Meghan steps in as Harry 'worried sick'  Mr Bower continued: "I think they have to realign their image. "In any case, they are burning their royal status pretty fast now. "I think they will, in the end, have to give that up because it won't wash." Ms Elvin asked: "Can they make their particular brand of celebrity last?" The royal author responded: "They can only do so by being sensational and by doing something. "They are constantly searching for new things to do. But it always comes back to the royals. "Whether it is flying back for the Jubilee so they might be photographed with the Queen - that went wrong. "Or, alternatively, it is dumping on the Royal Family in Harry's forthcoming book. But eventually, it is going to be a damp squib." DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: 'Embarrassment' Sussex row as Americans lose it [LIVE BLOG]Queen shut down Meghan's attempt to sit 'next to senior royals' [INSIGHT]Powerful UK rocket launchers to force Putin into humiliating retreat [VIDEO] He suggested that Meghan Markle might try to ditch the royal status and jump into politics in a bid to stay relevant. Mr Bower believes that Meghan would like a political role, once her children are at school. He said: "I think she’d quite like a political role, I think she’ll first wait to see her children into school, she’ll build the foundations for it. "But she’s a very good-looking woman, she’s sassy, she’s got her issues like parental rights – there have been worse people who have been congresswomen, so there’s a good chance." READ NEXT: Queen shut down Meghan's attempt to sit 'next to senior royals' Royal Family LIVE: 'Embarrassment' Sussex row as Americans lose itRoyal fans gush over ‘classic’ Sophie Wessex in ‘fabulous’ frock Queen set to open doors to pub as monarch scouts for landlordsHarry and Meghan urged to ‘stay away’ from Balmoral