Manchester United are working on the signings of Antony and Arnaut Danjuma, according to reports in Spain. Cristiano Ronaldo wants to leave Old Trafford, believing the Red Devils aren’t showing enough ambition. Now, it appears they’re ready to up the ante as they look to keep their iconic No 7 at the club for another year. It emerged over the weekend that Ronaldo wanted to leave United, with the likes of Chelsea and Bayern Munich both emerging as potential suitors. The Portugal international is unhappy at the Red Devils’ lack of ambition in the transfer market, with not a single recruit having yet arrived despite the departures of Edinson Cavani, Juan Mata, Nemanja Matic, Paul Pogba, Lee Grant and Jesse Lingard. Now, according to Sport, United are ‘working on’ deals for Danjuma and Antony as they look to appease their prized asset. Danjuma only moved to Villarreal 12 months ago, having impressed by scoring 17 goals in the Championship with Bournemouth. And he impressed during his first season in La Liga, netting 16 goals from 34 appearances in the top flight. West Ham have been frontrunners for the player, with David Moyes eager to bolster his squad having narrowly missed out on Europa League qualification. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez But United, given their status as one of the richest and biggest clubs in world football, may be able to steal a march. Regarding Antony, Erik ten Hag previously managed the Brazil international at Ajax for three years. And he’s helped mould the 22-year-old into one of world football’s most-exciting young forwards, with the Brazil international scoring eight league goals last term. United need a solution to their right-wing woes, an area that’s plagued them ever since the departure of a young Cristiano Ronaldo back in 2009. But any deal won’t be cheap with Ajax slapping a huge £70million price tag on the Samba star, who they’re eager to keep. Another player who gets a mention is Bayern Munich star Serge Gnabry. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen The Germany international could leave the Allianz Arena this summer, with former club Arsenal also being linked. United, however, may act given their need is greatest as they look to qualify for the Champions League next season. The report adds the Red Devils continue to eye Lisandro Martinez, who may end up being a replacement for inconsistent captain Harry Maguire. And, in midfield, United want to seal deals for Frenkie de Jong and Christian Eriksen as they look to replace Matic and Pogba. De Jong has signalled he wants to stay at Barcelona but, in order for that to happen, the 25-year-old will need to take a substantial pay cut. Throw in the fact he previously impressed under Ten Hag at Ajax, and United are confident he’ll be on the move to Old Trafford this summer. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team Eriksen, meanwhile, is also wanted by Brentford - having enjoyed his time at the Community Stadium during the second half of last season. Yet whether he chooses United, amid links to the likes of Tottenham, Brighton and Leicester as well, remains to be seen. Meanwhile, former United star Louis Saha was recently asked about Ronaldo’s future at a time where he could depart. And he insisted his former team-mate should stay for the Ten Hag era, rather than jumping ship for a new challenge elsewhere. He told BonusCodeBets: "It could go both ways, no one can guarantee anything apart from Cristiano. He’s the only one to answer that. "It wouldn’t be the right move for Man United to let him go because he’s such a big asset. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here "I can definitely see him continuing to keep doing what he’s doing best, which is scoring goals and helping his club get back to where it belongs. "He can still play a part under Ten Hag, not only by scoring goals, but with his stature. "I’m sure the new manager will want to implement some new rules and new standards that fit with Ronaldo. Maybe not so much on the pressing side, but his work ethic and his desire to always be accountable. "Performance-wise, Ronaldo is up there with the best, he’ll drive the players that need confidence, like Rashford. "It’s a new manager, new rules, new atmosphere and I’m very excited."