Matchroom Boxing boss Eddie Hearn made a pair of admissions about Jake Paul ahead of his anticipated return to the ring. Hearn, who promotes former world heavyweight champion Anthony Joshua, also favourably compared the American to fellow YouTuber-turned-prizefighter KSI. Paul is set to return to the ring next month when he takes on Hasim Rahman Jr. at the iconic Madison Square Garden in New York City next month. Paul’s last bout was a rematch with Tyron Woodley after Tommy Fury pulled out of their highly-anticipated grudge match, and the YouTuber knocked out the ex-UFC champion in stunning style after previously defeating him on points in August 2021. The win added to other knockout triumphs over gamer 'AnEsonGib', ex-NBA player Nate Robinson, and retired UFC welterweight Ben Askren. However, Paul has received criticism for the calibre of opponents he has selected to face as he is yet to face a recognised boxer. His upcoming bout will be the first time in his professional boxing career that he has faced an opponent with boxing pedigree. As a result, Hearn showered praise on Paul. “Firstly, you have to give props to Jake Paul because at this stage in his career, with the ability that he has, this is a good tough fight,” Hearn told The DAZN Boxing Show. “You probably know more than me about Hasim Rahman Jr., he got knocked out in his last fight by Tommy Morrison’s son. READ MORE: Benn and Eubank Jr 'rowing' over contract detail as fight hits snag “It could be a really smart move by Jake Paul or it could be a horrendous move, but either way you’ve go to give Jake Paul and Nakisa some credit for a couple of things. They spun off a potential disaster with Tommy Fury, it was a complete mess, it was a circus for a while, they got themselves together, they got a new opponent, who is credible. It’s a proper fight, a real fight, so good luck to him. "If he wins, we can’t then turn around and say he’s going to be a world champion, but you have to give him a credit because he’s making his way as a professional fighter. It’s a very solid win for someone at that stage in his career.” Hearn also spoke about KSI, and compared the British content creator to Paul in terms of their boxing ability and status. KSI was the first YouTuber and social media star to get in the ring and kickstart the trend that has taken hold of the sport. DON'T MISSWilder fight plans in doubt as lawyers consulted over Joshua vs UsykWilder true power revealed as Brit lifts lid on scary sparring storyNate Diaz reveals UFC's Conor McGregor plan in message to Dana White Despite being in action on DAZN next month against Alex Wassabi, Hearn believes the rivals are no longer on the same level when it comes to their boxing savvy. The 43-year-old added: “Jake is in a different category now, I don’t even class Jake as YouTube boxer anymore, I class him as a real boxer. “KSI’s taken a couple of years out, he’s come back, but Jake Paul’s training like a proper fighter and that would be a very dangerous fight for KSI, but a huge fight.” Paul will fight for the sixth time in his professional career on August 6 when he headlines the iconic Madison Square Garden. The controversial content creator’s clash with Rahman Jr will be supported on the card by Amanda Serrano, who is set to defend her WBC, WBO and IBO featherweight world titles.