Meghan Markle’s last appeared as a senior working royal back in March 2020 when she attended the Commonwealth Day service at Westminster Abbey. Her body language that day is extremely similar to her appearance at the Platinum Jubilee’s Service of Thanksgiving which took place in June. An expert analysed the Duchess of Sussex’s demeanour and gave her thoughts. Mollie Birney, body language expert, therapist and clinical coach picked up on subtle cues. “What I'm struck by most in the video is how Meghan's smile is absolutely unwavering throughout,” Mollie said. “Through finding her seat and observing the other guests, [she] has the appearance of being fairly forced.” The expert suggested Meghan was not “relaxed” and didn’t display an “authentic smile”, instead it was “tense and forced”. READ MORE: 'The body does not lie': Inside Sophie Wessex & Edward's marriage As Kate walks toward her seat, she seemingly avoids eye contact with Meghan, but Meghan’s grin is fixed. The expert claimed Meghan "continues to smile" despite Kate apparently "ignoring" her. Mollie also suggested Kate made "no effort to make eye contact" with Meghan, despite Meghan "being well within her eye line". “No one else around Meghan is smiling either, so it really does stand out.” Mollie said it is “possible” Meghan is “just exuberantly happy to be at the event”, her body language displays “someone making a concerted effort to appear to be un-phased by being snubbed, and impervious to the rumours”. DON'T MISS...Keep bread fresh & mould-free for 3 wks with quirky food storage hack [EXPERT]Easy way to clean pillows without a washing machine [EXCLUSIVE]Meghan Markle’s aquamarine necklace has hidden meaning [COMMENT] “Essentially, she's faking it,” Mollie claimed during an interview with The List. This isn’t the only time Meghan has “faked” her body language as the expert suggests. It seems Meghan’s go-to behaviour in difficult situations is to plaster on a smile. From the moment she got out of the car before the Platinum Jubilee service, the Duchess of Sussex had a “bulletproof” smile. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Queen SNUBS Harry and Meghan ahead of shock memoir There were only a few occasions Meghan’s smile was swapped for pursed lips and smiling eyes. Even when she engaged in conversation with Zara Tindall on the steps, Meghan still smiled throughout. Kate also made “no effort to make eye contact” with Meghan when she walked down the aisle toward her seat at the Thanksgiving Service. Footage from the event did show, however, that Meghan turned to her left and blocked her face with her hat when Kate walked past. There was a time, however, when the two Duchesses "got on” Mollie suggested. “They were definitely not best friends,” she added but when Kate and Meghan appeared alongside their husbands on Christmas Day in 2017, “it was a really special time for them to all spend together”. As a result, the expert noted Meghan’s “softer smile” and how it was more “authentic”.