The Duke and Duchess of Sussex made the sensational decision to leave the Firm and move to the US to step away from the public spotlight back in 2020. And Prince Harry has made it clear his priority is to protect the privacy of his wife Meghan Markle and two children Archie, 3, and Lilibet, 1.  But the couple have been warned their children will be “unprotected from the glare of lenses, both professional and amateur” as soon as they step out of their Californian mansion. Australian royal writer Daniela Elser warned the couple had left themselves open to being snapped by paparazzi than if they were in the UK. Writing for NZ Herald, Ms Elser said: “Harry and Meghan might not be enjoying Beyonce-levels of popularity (the most recent polling shows that less than half of Americans view them favourably) but there is no end to the fascination with the nation's very own branch of the Royal Family. “The whole family is, in short, valuable prey for anyone who might come across the family out and about. “What will it mean for Archie and his little sister Lilibet to grow up in a country where there is a ready market for iPhone snaps of them? “The Sussex family might live on a seven-acre estate but the minute they set foot outside those gates, they are unprotected from the glare of lenses, both professional and amateur.”  READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Harry to launch ANOTHER British lawsuit Ms Elser also pointed to Kate and Prince William’s children Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis who she said “by and large left totally alone to get on with the business of growing up” in the UK. She said “the tabloid culture in the US is a far cry from that in the UK” and the “politeness” of the British culture means the Cambridge family are left alone. The author added: “For the last five years these kids have been raised in the very centre of London (and less than 1km away from the head offices of the Daily Mail) and yet they are by and large left totally alone to get on with the business of growing up.  DON'T MISSMeghan and Harry told they can't keep Archie and Lili 'cooped up' [WARNING]Meghan and Kate's 'tension' obvious from Wimbledon appearances [INFO]William ‘utterly disgusted’ by Meghan’s Oprah claims [REVEALED] “It's not that eagle-eyed locals lack opportunities to record or photograph the Cambridge Three, but be it out of politeness, British reserve or an abiding desire to respect their privacy, people just don't seem to ever do so.” The Sussexes returned to the UK back in June to attend the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations. But Meghan and Harry decided to keep Archie and Lilibet away from any public appearances.  It was the first time the family were in the UK altogether after Harry launched a legal battle over his right to pay for Metropolitan Police protection whilst he and his family visit the UK – a request that the Government denied on the basis that their taxpayer-funded police security was cut off after stepping back from royal duties in 2020. Harry has argued that he cannot ensure the protection of Meghan and their two children without the Met Police because of their access to UK intelligence. Meghan and Harry lost their taxpayer-funded police protection in the aftermath of their sensational decision to quit royal duties to forge new careers in California in 2020. Since then, the couple have relied upon a private security team in the US but the couple’s legal representatives argue this team does not have adequate jurisdiction abroad or access to UK intelligence information which is needed to keep the Sussex family safe.  The Duke of Sussex last year launched legal action against the Home Office to appeal the decision not to provide his household with the same level of protection as working royals would. Harry has previously argued he wants to bring his son Archie and baby daughter Lilibet to visit from the US, but he and his family are "unable to return to his home" because it is too dangerous, a legal representative said. But the row appeared to be temporarily put to the side when Prince Harry returned to the UK with his wife and children to celebrate his beloved grandmother’s momentous Jubilee celebrations. The pair largely stayed out of the spotlight, only officially attending a thanksgiving service for the Queen in their first public appearance together in Britain since quitting royal duties.