Dad Terry Utting said he was forced to remove his son from school when Harrison, 13, was put in isolation for turning up in shorts which went against the dress code. Harrison was put in the room, which he claims was “like a prison”, after he chose to wear shorts during a period of torrid weather which saw temperatures soar above 30C.  He was sent to the Pastoral Support Programme room as punishment on Monday, July 11, at Westlands School in Sittingbourne, Kent. Mr Utting, from nearby Sheppey, took him out of school on Monday and again yesterday, July 12, when he turned up in shorts again despite being put in isolation on Monday. The vape shop boss complained there was “no air conditioning in the classrooms”. Harrison wore a pair of black, smart looking shorts that came to just below the knee, and kept his usual blazer, shirt and tie on.  But the school have said there is a “clear policy on uniform”. Terry slammed the school for banning shorts in the classroom despite the record high temperatures. He said: “I don't think it's right the way the school is treating its students. “There is a blanket ban on shorts but there is no air-conditioning in the classrooms and the pupils are roasting in 30C heat.  READ MORE: Top Tory sparks fury after running over neighbour's cat “At least the girls can wear skirts. I read that in another school all the boys ended up wearing skirts as that was the only way they could keep cool and follow the dress code.” In Kent, temperatures reached 26C this week with other areas of the UK, including London, reaching 32C. The Met Office extended their amber warning over “extreme heat” until next Tuesday as temperatures could reach as high as 35C in some areas. Despite the school sticking by their uniform policy, they said this may change if the heatwave continues. DON'T MISS:Five teenagers rushed to hospital after horror late-night crash [PICTURES]Zelensky's heroes unblock major waterway Putin's defence obliterated [INSIGHT]Ukraine brigade blows up Russian tank in masterful display [ANALYSIS]