Tottenham may have to call on a talented squad member if they are to convince Everton to part company with Anthony Gordon this summer. Spurs' interest has been reported over the past few weeks, but with Newcastle United now in on the action too, an enticing swap deal may be required to pip the Magpies. Express Sport looks at four players who could take Frank Lampard's fancy... Everton's interest in Winks was reported by Sky Sports, among others, as Lampard eyed up the former England international to bolster his midfield ranks. Spurs were supposedly keen to include Winks as part of their deal for Richarlison, but the Toffees were strictly in need of cash and decided to push for a maximum fee instead. With their financial situation more stable after cashing in on Richarlison, the Toffees may soon warm back up to the idea of taking on Winks ahead of the new season. Antonio Conte has already signed two new midfielders during his first 12 months in the job, with Yves Bissouma and Rodrigo Bentancur set to leave Winks starved of game time in north London. JUST IN: Chelsea kit launch provides hint on three stars' future as Todd Boehly continues clear-out Many Spurs fans are frustrated that Rodon has not been given a proper chance to impress at club level, given how highly-regarded he is with the Welsh national team. Furthermore, ex-Tottenham boss Jose Mourinho supposedly informed Hugo Lloris that Rodon had the potential to be the Lilywhites' best defender in the future. As such, it may not be a surprise that Mourinho's Roma have been linked with a move in recent weeks, as well as Nottingham Forest. Rodon could be crowded out by the imminent loan arrival of Clement Lenglet, and Lampard may pounce on an opportunity to offer him a clearer route into regular Premier League football. DON'T MISS...De Jong to Man Utd delay explained with Barcelona facing £17m problemChelsea could still sign De Ligt as Bayern firm on transfer refusalMan Utd 'improve Antony transfer bid' as star eyed to replace Ronaldo The arrival of Dejan Kulusevski in January has made life difficult for the Brazilian, and a deal for Anthony Gordon could only increase competition for minutes out wide. Spurs are said to be keen on keeping Moura around to see out the final year of his contract, with rotation options needed in cup competitions and the Champions League. But losing him to help grease the wheels in their swoop for Gordon could be deemed a necessary evil by Conte, who is in need of homegrown players to meet squad regulations. Moura has the pace and trickery to delight fans at Goodison Park, but his goal threat has often left plenty to be desired, with just five to his name across the past two Premier League campaigns. What better way for Everton cope with the prospective departure of one exciting, young winger by immediately welcoming another exciting, young winger. Bryan Gil arrived at Spurs with a big reputation after rising through the ranks with Sevilla, but he is yet to be given an extended opportunity in north London. There has been talk of another loan move to Spain this summer with Conte well-stocked for options out wide, but Everton could look to introduce Gil into negotiations for Gordon if they like what they have seen so far. It would, of course, be a big gamble given that the 21-year-old made just nine league appearances during his debut season in the English top-flight.