Kate Middleton looked marvellous at the RHS Chelsea Flower Show on May 20, 2019. She wore ankle-length floral Erdem dress - but it had been seen before on an unexpected royal. The Duchess of Cambridge wore a predominantly white dress as she stepped out with Prince William and the Queen. Her dress was covered top to toe in a beautiful floral pattern. The flowers on the dress were black, violet and yellow. Kate's dress incorporated lace panelling on the collar, bodice and skirt. READ MORE: Lady Marina Windsor makes rare appearance at Wimbledon - pictures A single panel of lace accentuated the Duchess' fabulous slim waist. The three quarter length frilly sleeves also boasted a pretty lace detail. On her feet she opted for some casual Stuart Weitzman espadrille wedges in beige. She wore an elegant silver Cartier watch, her stunning sapphire engagement ring and a pair of pearl flower earrings. As for hair and makeup, Kate kept these elegant yet simple. She wore her hair in a half-up, half-down do, with pieces of hair twisted and secured at the back of her head. As for makeup, the Duchess went for a dewy look, dark smokey eyes, a sweep of blush and a nude lip. And while Kate's look was undoubtedly stunning, she wasn't the first royal to try it. READ MORE: Kate & Meghan step out in same Zarita dress years apart - pictures One year before, on May 19, 2018, Katharine, Duchess of Kent, attended Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's wedding wearing the same Erdem creation. The Duchess, 49 years Kate's senior, accessorised it very differently, however. She looked fabulous in the gown, however paired it with different shoes and a cross-body bag. Katharine went for a comfy yet chic look with a pair of white Hogan trainers. She matched these with a petite white cross-body handbag. As for accessories, the statement piece a huge fascinator which perfectly complemented her dress. The outlandish piece boasted lilac and yellow decoration. She donned a large pearl necklace - either three-stranded or looped around her neck multiple times - and a pearl bracelet to match. Finally, she opted for a statement gold watch.