In August, people can expect much of the same from the region. The July heatwave has calmed UK temperatures slightly, with the hottest parts of the country now 10C colder on average. There's been occasional outbreaks of rain in the last week, bringing some much-needed moisture to parched ground further north. But southern regions continue to suffer, with some on the precipice of drought as reservoir levels run low, leaving many people anxiously fixated on forecasts. Devon's dry, intense heat of last week is not likely to continue into August, as temperatures will remain comfortable around 25C. The last few days of July seem to have established a new pattern, with a rainy month ahead for Devonshire residents. Weather charts show it will eventually rank among the rainiest parts of the country. READ MORE: Hair loss most likely to happen in September, warns expert The first rainy days start at the weekend** - between July 30 and August 1. The Met Office predicted that "some outbreaks of rain" would start developing from the west on Saturday. And "further rain, perhaps heavy at times" should follow on Sunday, ahead of "a mix of sunshine and showers" on Monday. Monday's spell should descend light, pouring a drizzle in Plymouth and its surrounding areas. Devon and its neighbouring regions in the southwest experienced some of the hottest temperatures last week when the mercury climbed above 30C. Chivenor's 35C was only .4C of a previous 35.4C maximum established more than 32 years ago in 1990. The area was also among those under an amber heat warning that included Cornwall. Experts traced the temperature trend to France, from where hot air advected across the English Channel to the UK. Conditions remain relatively unbearable on mainland Europe and could prompt a second UK heatwave. Temperatures in Western European nations like Spain and Italy continue to approach 40C. People living in Madrid today experienced 36C highs, which will rise to 39C by August 2. Sardinia, off Italy's west coast, can expect temperatures to reach those highs by tomorrow, July 29. Heat to the east may cause temperatures to rise into another heatwave, but likely not close to 40C again.