The Queen's youngest granddaughter Lady Louise Windsor has delighted royal fans in recent years with her appearances on TV and in carriage driving competitions, and the monarch is known to dote on her. But unlike her royal cousins Zara Tindall, Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie, Louise has not been spotted yet wearing one of the monarch's dazzling tiaras.  Traditionally royal women have waited until their wedding days to publicly wear a tiara. As Tatler explained, this is because tiaras stem from classical antiquity and are an "emblem" of the "crowning of love". The Queen's granddaughters Princess Eugenie and Princess Beatrice publicly wore their first tiaras on their respective wedding days in 2018 and 2020.  READ MORE: Why Lady Louise Windsor is actually 'Princess Louise' Eugenie wore the Greville Emerald Kokoshnik Tiara, which perfectly complemented her eyes, while Beatrice wore the sentimental Queen Mary's Fringe Tiara which was also worn by the Queen on her own wedding day in 1947. Kate Middleton also wore her first royal tiara on her wedding day in 2011, and as a married woman, in the years since she has worn several tiaras while attending state events on behalf of the Queen. As the Queen's granddaughter, Lady Louise Windsor will almost certainly be offered the chance to borrow a royal tiara if she decides to get married one day. She will likely have her pick of the royal collection, but she could opt for the Anthemion Tiara her mother Sophie, Countess of Wessex wore to her 1999 wedding.   While most royal women debut a tiara on their wedding days, some princesses have bypassed this unofficial rule. As the Queen's only daughter, Princess Anne often wore tiaras to events that required a strict dress code before she was married. The Queen's sister and daughter of King George VI, Princess Margaret, also wore tiaras before she was married - including her beloved Poltimore Tiara that she wore to her 1960 wedding. As Prince William's daughter, we may see Princess Charlotte of Cambridge wear a tiara before she is married too.  DON'T MISS:Prince Andrew plotting his return to royal life - expert claims [INSIGHT]Royal confessed to having secret tattoos in diary [PICTURES]Princess Eugenie made changes to diet to lose 'body fat' [ANALYSIS] Kate Middleton wore the Cartier Halo Tiara, a delicate diadem with elaborate scrollwork, for her royal wedding in 2011. Meghan Markle opted for the Art Deco-inspired Queen Mary's Bandeau Tiara when she married Prince Harry in 2018. Princess Anne also wore Queen Mary's Fringe Tiara when she married Captain Mark Phillips in 1973, while her daughter Zara Phillips wore the Meander Tiara that was gifted to the Queen by Prince Philip's mother Princess Alice. 