Lewis Hamilton can win races this season if one thing happens to their rivals, according to F1 pundit Sebastiaan Bleekmolen. The Mercedes star could pick up victories if “other teams have a bad day” says Bleekmolen as reliability still plays a major role in the championship. Almost all of the Silver Arrows' podiums this season have been down to taking advantage of mechanical woes or penalties for Red Bull and Ferrari drivers. Bleekemolen stresses Hamilton is back to his best which is one of the key ingredients for the team’s chances of picking up wins this season. Speaking to Motorsport.com, he said: “A victory is just coming if they can continue this trend, then they are definitely going to compete. Sergio Perez and Carlos Sainz drop out, that can happen to anyone. If the other teams have a bad day, there is an opportunity for them. “I also think what Toto Wolff says is a realistic goal. It would be nice, but I would like to add that Hamilton is really showing he is a real World Champion. He still rakes in the podiums again with a difficult car and that is purely due to his qualities. It’s a combination of the car and Hamilton – if it runs, I expect another victory.” READ MORE: French GP 'issue' expected after Hamilton and Verstappen complaint Mercedes boss Toto Wolff claimed Hamilton could have won the British Grand Prix if it wasn’t for a late-race safety car period. At the time, Hamilton was chasing down Carlos Sainz and Charles Leclerc on fresher tyres before a late stoppage neutralised the field. Bleekemoleen also praised the team's efforts at the British Grand Prix, adding the team were strong over the weekend in their bid to close on Red Bull and Ferrari. He commented: “If you look at the previous race at Silverstone, they were also very strong at the beginning. I can see that happening if they can just keep the trend going. “Russell you shouldn’t discount, he’s fast. Hamilton is fast and he races well. I wouldn’t be surprised if they get at least another second place and maybe a win.” DON'T MISSMax Verstappen expects Lewis Hamilton repeat [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton and Max Verstappen 'don't have a connection' [COMMENT]F1 fans think Wolff has already decided Lewis Hamilton replacement [ANALYSIS] Sky Sports host Martin Brundle has also claimed Mercedes could win more races after their recent uptick in form. He said: “You do sense Mercedes are back in business, which is good news for us in terms of the rest of the season and a three-way fight. Lewis has never had a season in Formula 1 where he didn't take a victory and all of a sudden it looks far more possible than it did three or four races ago."