At a time when the Eurozone is facing rising levels of inflation and stagnating growth, the decision to join the EU's common currency may come as a surprise. But Croatian deputy prime minister and finance minister Zdravko Maric is adamant the move could benefit both his country and the eurozone as a whole. Speaking to Politico, he said: “At the end of the day, we believe that euro benefits are much bigger than the costs, much longer-term than the costs." Dismissing warnings Croatian shops could take advantage of the currency change to increase prices, he said: “When you do the changeover, when you round the number to the upper level, you bring certain contribution to inflation. "It is our responsibility to prevent any further contribution of euro introduction towards inflation.” Mr Maric will join ECB chief Christine Lagarde, European Commission Executive Vice President Valdis Dombrovskis and Commissioner Paolo Gentiloni for a signing ceremony today. The decision comes as Mr Maric is stepping down and retiring from politics altogether on Friday. His replacement, Marko Primorac, will have to take the baton of running the changeover and adhere to ECB policy. The euro hovered close to a 20-year low near parity to the dollar on Tuesday amid concerns that an energy crisis could tip Europe into recession, while the US Federal Reserve continues to aggressively tighten policy to curb inflation. The single currency fell as low as $1.0006 on Monday, the lowest since December 2002. The dollar index - which measures the greenback against six major peers, with the euro most heavily weighted - was also little changed at 108.17, following its surge overnight to the highest since October 2002 at 108.26. The biggest single pipeline carrying Russian gas to Germany, the Nord Stream 1 pipeline, began annual maintenance on Monday, with flows expected to stop for 10 days. READ MORE: Eurozone warning as Germany 'on brink of recession' Governments, markets and companies are worried Russia might extend the shutdown because of the war in Ukraine, exacerbating the continent's energy supply crunch and potentially speeding a recession. Euro weakness has been a big part of the dollar index's push higher, with the safe-haven US currency also supported by worries about growth elsewhere too, with China in particular implementing strict zero-COVID policies to contain fresh outbreaks. Arguably the biggest factor in the dollar's rise, however, is the view the Fed will hike rates faster and further than peers. Europe's precarious situation has tempered bets for the European Central Bank's tightening campaign when it kicks off this year, while the Bank of Japan has repeatedly recommitted to extraordinary stimulus. DON'T MISS:Blue murder? Bickering Tories urged to move on from Brexit [ISNIGHT]Tory leadership contest: What is each candidate’s Brexit stance? [ANALYSIS]Major UK-EU trade deal council has 'nothing to talk about' [VIDEO] The dollar edged 0.14 pencent lower to 137.22 yen following Monday's jump to a fresh 24-year high at 137.75. "The dollar really strengthened across the board, reflecting a continuation of the trend that we've seen recently, that is global recession fears," said Carol Kong, a currency strategist at Commonwealth Bank of Australia. At the same time, Fed policymakers "will just be laser focused on high inflation, so they'll just keep on raising rates despite rising recession fears," she added. "I think the risk is that euro dollar can fall to parity as soon as this week."  