Vitamin D is a vital hormone that can be eaten or made naturally by the body. It is recognised for its protective role against neurodegenerative and immune diseases, but scientists are actively investigating other possible functions. Doctors are now raising awareness of risks that could come from overdosing on the vitamin, after one man was hospitalised. A team of doctors have warned vitamin D users that overdosing on the supplement is both possible and harmful after treating a man who was hospitalised for eight days for overdosing. The healthcare professionals highlighted that cases of "hypervitaminosis D" are on the rise, and are linked to a wide range of potentially serious health issues. The warning follows the case of a middle-aged man, who was admitted to hospital after complaining of recurrent vomiting, nausea, abdominal pain and leg cramps. The patient’s symptoms had persisted for approximately three months, starting at around one month into an intensive supplementation regimen on the advice of a nutritional therapist. READ MORE: Warning against taking a popular vitamin supplement due to cancer risk The sufferer complained of several symptoms including tinnitus, weight loss, increased thirst and diarrhoea, which did not reverse after supplementation was stopped. It transpired he had taken doses of more than 20 over-the-counter supplements every day, alongside other vitamins, minerals, nutrients and probiotic supplements. What's more, medical tests revealed vitamin D levels in the patient's blood exceeded the required amount seven times - which also led to high levels of calcium too. The fat-soluble vitamin D has long been known to help the body absorb and retain calcium and phosphorus - which are both critical for building bone. The authors of the case report wrote: “Globally, there is a growing trend of hypervitaminosis D, a clinical condition characterised by elevated serum vitamin D3 levels. “Given its slow turnover, during which vitamin toxicity develops, symptoms can last for several weeks." According to the Medical Express, symptoms of hypervitaminosis are varied and generally result from a build-up of calcium in the blood. Signs can include drowsiness, confusion, apathy, psychosis, stupor, coma, anorexia, abdominal pain, vomiting, constipation, peptic ulcers, pancreatitis, high blood pressure, and abnormal heart rhythm. READ MORE: Vitamin D deficiency: The four groups that could be at ‘risk’ - signs “This case report further highlights the potential toxicity of supplements that are largely considered safe until taken in unsafe amounts or in unsafe combinations,” added the authors. A well-known complication of low vitamin D levels is rickets, which results from low levels of calcium the body needs to build bones. For this reason, the Government advises that everyone consider taking a daily vitamin D supplement during the autumn and winter, according to the NHS. The health body adds: “People at high risk of not getting enough vitamin D, all children aged one to four, and all babies (unless they’re having more than 500 ml of infant formula a day) should take a daily supplement throughout the year.“