Martin Lewis has hit back at claims he's "scaring old people" following his warnings about the prices of energy going up later in the year. The Money Saving Expert, 50, told how what he's sharing is "based on fact" after social media users said the financial journalist was "terrifying people beyond belief" and urged him to be more "considerate". In view of his 1.6 million followers, the This Morning expert addressed the comments over one of his recent videos. Martin wrote: "I carefully thought about doing this. "And yes it is scary but it isn't scare mongering. Its based on fact. "It may be awful to contemplate, but the reality is coming, & people need warning. READ MORE: Alison Hammond breaks silence on Dermot O'Leary ‘b***h’ comment "Plus if enough people put pressure on NOW policy change to avoid the worst may happen," he ended his post. In a follow-up tweet, he added that he hoped he would be proved wrong over the rising energy prices, Martin continued: "PS I really really hope I'm wrong. "If I am, and nobody listens to me anymore - that's a price worth paying (and I may get to go to the golf course more often)." The star was responding to a tweet who accused him of "scaring old people" and said he should be "more considerate" with his videos. Twitter user @poppypippa2 commented: "It's not on scaring old people like this. "Times are worrying enough already and he should have more consideration when dropping news like this." It comes after Twitter user @leetronix1 accused the money saving expert of "inciting mass hysteria" and "terrifying people behind belief". DON'T MISS... Fern Britton's advice after split from Phil Vickery 'Get independent' [INSIGHT]Jane Seymour, 71, shows off endless toned legs in navy swimsuit [ANALYSIS]Ana de Armas turns heads in school uniform inspired outfit [PICTURES] Martin shared a video earlier today warning of a "financial cataclysm hitting the UK" in September. The Twitter troll said that Martin should have tried to sort the issue out with the government in a "private" manner, and suggested sending a letter. @leetronix1 wrote: "While this is absolutely true I do feel that you should of sent a private ‘letter’ or whichever to the Government without panicking the most vulnerable. "You have just terrified people beyond belief.  Not clever at all Mr Lewis! You are inciting mass hysteria this way," the ended their disgruntled tweet. Earlier today, Martin shared a video of himself issuing a "warning" to his followers. He said: "Hello, I'm Martin Lewis of MoneySavingExpert.com and this is a warning video. "The winter coming is going to be bleak; I believe unless action is taken, we are facing a potential, national, financial cataclysm. "As individuals you need to be aware of this, so you can take if possible, let's be honest it's not always possible, preventative action yourself. "Yet more so, the Conservative Party leadership candidates, one of whom will soon become our Prime Minister, need to know how stark things will be on the day they take office. "So far the debate has mostly ignored the fact we are sitting on a financial time bomb that's due to explode in September," he added, branding the clip an "open video letter to them".