England coach Sarina Wiegman says her team are in perfect shape to make a winning start in tonight’s European Championships opener. The hosts are unbeaten in 14 matches under Wiegman and kick off against Austria in Group A at Old Trafford tonight. And the coach, who steered her native Netherlands to the Euros title in 2017, believes that England are in great shape to follow suit. “We are ready to go,” said Wiegman. “We have waited for the start for such a long time and we can feel that everyone is really ready. “We just want to go.” England completed their preparation for this tournament with comfortable victories over Belgium, Netherlands and Switzerland to continue an unbeaten run under Wiegman. But the England manager is expecting a tougher challenge from Austria – who they edged 1-0 last November – in front of a 70,000 sell out. “Austria is a very strong team, their togetherness is really good and they are a physical and organised team. “But if we play our best game we will be on the ball more than they will and we will be able to dominate the game more than they can.” While Leah Williamson admits she has not got over seeing her face on crisp packets and billboards insisting it still “feels strange”. But she believes that such exposure for the women’s game in England is long overdue and more importantly says Sarina Wiegman’s side feel ready to justify the hype. England’s captain leads out her side against Austria at Old Trafford tonight in the European Championships opener, insisting it will be a moment she will never forget. Yet it is not to tonight’s opener but the final at Wembley on the final day of July that Williamson insists will be the ultimate test of whether the women’s game here can take a real leap forward. “It’s strange seeing yourself up there but it’s a good thing,” said the Arsenal defender. “It is good for the team and that the women’s game has been recognised as it should be. It is a good thing for the game. But we’ve put in the work and we have ticked the boxes we need to tick. We know how big of a moment tomorrow is. The pressure will be big but it is something we are embracing.” Home advantage helped Netherlands and Wiegman to lift the trophy five years ago and while Williamson admitted expectation brings its own pressures she believes her side can thrive on it. “We know that we know what to expect and it’s something we are embracing. Pressure is a privilege. There is an expectation from external sources but it is about enjoying it,” she said. “The crowd is going to be our 12th man. Sarina has had experience of that and we are all loving the fact that of the 70,000 for the Austria game, most of them are there for us. We are at home and we intend to use it as much as possible.” England are second favourites for the tournament behind Spain but have a winnable group with Northern Ireland and Norway to come and a manager who has been there and done it. Williamson believes getting the opening night out of the way with a victory will settle nerves. “We are not robots there are going to be nerves – there are bound to be. We are aware of the expectation from external sources but it is about excitement and enjoying it within the camp this is my job.” Williamson, who plays her club football in the back four, may be asked to step forward into a midfield axis with Keira Walsh. She was asked yesterday but remained tight-lipped. I have never played in a Euros. So for me to just get out on the pitch and just be playing for England will be enough. I will do whatever job is needed for the team.”