Prince Charles became a grandfather for the first time in 2013 upon the birth of Prince George, and he has since welcomed Princess Charlotte, Prince Louis, Archie and Lilibet Mountbatten-Windsor. Charles has made no secret of his adoration of his grandchildren, and his sweet antics with little Louis during the Platinum Jubilee delighted royal fans. So this week is bound to bring back very happy memories for Charles.  In recent years, this period in July has been the peak time for royal christenings. July 5, 2015, was a proud day for Charles as his first granddaughter, Princess Charlotte, was christened at St Mary Magdalene Church in Sandringham when she was two months old. Then three years later on July 9, the youngest of the Cambridge squad, Prince Louis, was christened when he was 11 weeks old at the historic Chapel Royal at St James's Palace. Adorably, Prince Louis' christening in 2018 marked the first time the Cambridges were seen publicly as a family of five.  READ MORE: Queen fed up with Meghan and Harry 'drama' and wants 'line drawn' The family were joined by very proud grandparents Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, and Prince Harry and Meghan Markle, who had recently tied the knot. A year later on July 6, Harry and Meghan would celebrate the christening of their first child Archie Harrison Mountbatten-Windsor, who was born in May 2019. The christening took place in a private ceremony at Windsor Castle with only close friends and family in attendance. The ceremony was overseen by the Archbishop of Canterbury and was attended by Charles, Camilla, and Meghan's beloved mother Doria Ragland.   In a touching tribute to Harry's late mother, Princess Diana, her sisters Lady Jane Fellowes and Lady Sarah McCorquodale also appeared in the official christening photograph. A Royal Communications spokesperson said: "The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are overjoyed to share the happiness of this day, and would like to thank everyone around the world for their ongoing support. "They feel so fortunate to have enjoyed this special moment with family and Archie's godparents." Charlotte, Louis and Archie each wore an extraordinary christening gown for their respective big days.  DON'T MISS:Why Prince William may never be the Prince of Wales [INSIGHT]Prince Charles is 'regent in all but name' as Queen scales back duties [ANALYSIS] Royal Family LIVE: Sussexes 'raised eyebrows' behind palace walls [LIVE] A replica of the one worn by Queen Victoria and Prince Albert's eldest child Princess Victoria, the royal christening gown was made by the Queen's assistant Angela Kelly. After the original was deemed too delicate to be worn, the replica was first worn by the Queen's youngest grandchild James, Viscount Severn, at his 2008 christening. Royal christenings also traditionally use the Lily Font, which was commissioned by Queen Victoria for her first child's christening, and water is used from the River Jordan. Prince Charles' youngest grandchild, Lilibet Diana Mountbatten-Windsor, was born in June 2021 but is unclear whether Lilibet has been christened yet either in the UK or the USA. 