Royal fans have been delighted in recent weeks by the public appearances Prince George has made alongside Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge. The royal youngster has watched several sporting fixtures, most recently appearing suited and booted just like his dad while courtside at a Wimbledon match. The future King also played a starring role in the Platinum Jubilee celebrations for his great-grandmother, the Queen, back in June.  Prince George's latest outings with Kate and William can be seen as vital preparation for his role as a future monarch. But it appears the Cambridges are slowly easing George into public life, and they are making sure he is "comfortable" with the duties he's taking on. Royal biographer Katie Nicholl told OK!: "He is older now, he is nine, he is clearly quite competent on the public stage. "He’s not as outgoing or as extroverted as his sister or little brother but he seems quite comfortable taking on the few public duties he’s done.  READ MORE: 'We know what’s been going on' Netflix urged to pull plug on Sussexes "The engagements that William and Kate have brought him to are things where George is going to feel comfortable. "It’s a football match, a game of tennis, the Jubilee celebrations, which are feel-good and fun.” As well as preparing George for his future public role, his outings in recent months can also be interpreted as his wider introduction to the nation he will one day reign over. Ms Nicholl added: “George being seen alongside his father and grandfather is an important message to Britain, and actually to the Commonwealth and beyond, that Charles, William and George is the image of the future monarchy.”   This was particularly clear during the Jubilee when Prince George was one of a few members of the Royal Family who appeared alongside the Queen at Trooping the Colour. Only working royals were permitted to take part in the annual celebration for the Queen's birthday, with the exception of the Cambridge children, the Wessex children and Princess Anne's husband, Vice Admiral Sir Timothy Laurence. George and Charlotte also joined their parents over the Jubilee weekend for a visit to Wales, which was particularly poignant given both William and George are the next two people likely to become Prince of Wales. George also appeared with his family at the Platinum Party at the Palace concert and the Platinum Jubilee Pageant.  DON'T MISS:Royal Family diet: Four bizarre royal eating habits laid bare [EXPLAINER]Grand Duchess Vladimir Tiara: Queen's £10million diadem [PICTURES]Queen ensured Princess Charlotte would keep royal privilege Anne lost [INSIGHT] And at the end of the Jubilee celebrations, George appeared alongside his siblings, parents, grandparents and the Queen for a final Buckingham Palace balcony appearance. Many interpreted the finale of the Platinum Jubilee as a signal to the world of who would lead the monarchy going forward. But George has a while before he takes up full-time royal duties as he recently celebrated his ninth birthday, with the occasion marked by the release of a new picture. Taken by his mum Kate, the photo showed the future monarch beaming on a beach during a family holiday in the UK. 