Former Liverpool and Chelsea right-back Glen Johnson says he wouldn't be surprised to see Jurgen Klopp make a move for Timo Werner because the Premier League and Champions League-winning manager could get the flop firing again. The Reds lined up the former RB Leipzig attacker as their main forward target back in 2020 before deciding to pull the plug on a move. Werner would instead join Chelsea, where he would win the Champions League in his debut season at Stamford Bridge. But 12 months on, his time with the Blues seems to be dwindling towards a disappointing conclusion with Chelsea ready to sell. In the view of Johnson, he would not be surprised to see Liverpool launch a shock move for the 26-year-old. When asked if Werner would be a success at Anfield, Johnson toldbettingodds.com: "I think he would. He’s got a lot to offer. Just at Chelsea, from day one, he’s looked super, super low on confidence. READ MORE: Man Utd make transfer breakthrough as Lisandro Martinez deal 'triggers three departures' "Maybe someone like Klopp would make him smile and enjoy his football. If that was the case then I think he’s got a lot to offer and the way that Liverpool play then he’s going to get a lot of goalscoring opportunities, he’s going to be fast on the break, so, yeah, it wouldn’t surprise me. "I think a lot of people will be shocked but I don’t think it would actually surprise me. If Klopp can get him happy and smiling and confident then you’re going to have a good player on your hands.” Werner managed just four goals in 21 Premier League outings last season and is now being shown the door by Thomas Tuchel. The Chelsea boss is keen to upgrade his forward options as he goes in search of some extra firepower. DON'T MISS MORE TRANSFER GOSSIPChelsea to submit mega £43m Matheus Nunes transfer offer in 'next few hours'Barcelona 'want Man City signing' before selling Man Utd Frenkie de Jong as new price setMan Utd boss Erik ten Hag orders 'fast' third signing as board finalise two transfer deals Raheem Sterling is now set to join his new Chelsea team-mates in Los Angeles following his £45m transfer from Manchester City. Chelsea have fallen short in their bid to sign Raphinha, however, after Barcelona upped their offer for the Brazilian. The Blues are also in negotiations with AC Milan over the potential sale of Hakim Ziyech. He was also signed by Frank Lampard in the summer of 2020 and much like Werner has also failed to live up to expectations. It seems unlikely that Liverpool will make any changes to their attacking roster this summer though. They have already shelled out a club-record £85million (although the deal was only initially worth £64m) to sign Darwin Nunez from Benfica. Luis Diaz is also relishing his first full season with the Reds after joining in January from Porto. Together, the pair are expected to fill the void left behind by Sadio Mane following his transfer to Bayern Munich.