Andrew Lincoln and Danai Gurira made the dreams of The Walking Dead fans come true in San Diego, when they announced huge plans for the hit drama. The much-loved actors of the show made a surprise appearance at the event to reveal the futures of Rick Grimes and Michonne and how that'll be televised. The duo confirmed there will be no movie about their fate, but instead a special limited series is on its way to complete their story. The Walking Dead stars Andrew Lincoln and Danai Gurira will complete the story of their characters next year in a new spin-off show. Fans who attended the event in California were stunned when Andrew and Danai declared the news. There will be six brand new episodes launching next year to reveal what happened to the sheriff and his partner. Since Andrew Lincoln left the show in 2019, fans of the zombie drama have been left with many unanswered questions. READ MORE: The Control Room fans question BBC licence fee after ‘awful’ series A movie was originally planned to answer those questions of whether Rick would be alive or whether he was, in fact, the living dead. But his and Danai's fate will instead be portrayed in a six part thriller next year. Not only will lovers of the Netflix phenomenon be pleased, but the cast of the show are too. Andrew Lincoln was enthralled by the news of an extended run as Rick Grimes. The acting star joyfully announced: “I can’t wait to get my cowboy boots back on. "This has been the most extraordinary journey playing Rick Grimes for the best part of a decade. "The friendships I’ve made along the way are deep and lasting, so it’s fitting that I finally get to complete the story with Danai and Scott and the rest of the TWD family. He continued: "I’m so excited to be returning to the screen as Rick, reuniting with Danai as Michonne, and bringing the fans an epic love story to add to the Walking Dead Universe.” DON'T MISS...  The Walking Dead fans in frenzy as Daryl appears in season 11 teaser [INSIGHT]Fear the Walking Dead cast pay tribute after co-star exit [UPDATE]The Walking Dead’s Negan star teases Alicia Clark appearance in sequel [ARTICLE]   The Walking Dead will be entering its last season after more than ten years on screen. Since the show began, Andrew Lincoln has become a worldwide superstar, following his roles in Channel 4 sitcom Teachers and romantic comedy Love Actually. The show has also launched the career of Danai Gurira, who has since appeared in Hollywood blockbusters Black Panther and Avengers: Infinity War. She also declared her excitement for the upcoming six part spin-off. Danai said: “Michonne and this TWD family has meant so much to me. "To continue the journey of these beloved characters alongside Scott and Andy - both creatively and in front of the camera - and bringing The Walking Dead fans something truly special is just glorious." The star echoed co-star Andrew's sentiment by declaring: "I can’t wait to pick up the katana again."