Tottenham have had as strong a transfer window as any Premier League club so far. Antonio Conte has signed Ivan Perisic and back-up goalkeeper Fraser Forster on free transfers, Clement Lenglet on loan and Richarlison and Yves Bissouma for a guaranteed £75million. The Italian manager is reshaping his squad with the view to Spurs again becoming a Champions League regular and challenging at the top end of the table. They have struggled to do so since a run of three straight top-three finishes under Mauricio Pochettino between 2016 and 2018. For the first two of those seasons Spurs had a full-back partnership that was arguably the strongest in the Premier League. Kyle Walker, now a four-time champion with Manchester City, was deployed at right-back with Danny Rose the first-choice left-back. The pair never won trophies with Spurs but were vital cogs in an exciting Pochettino team that always showed promise of winning silverware. Now five years on, Conte may have a pair of full-backs with the ability to be as good as Walker and Rose, albeit as wing-backs. Djed Spence joins the north London club from Middlesbrough for an initial £12.5million. Spence was sublime on loan at Nottingham Forest last term as they won the Championship play-offs, contributing two goals and five assists. It will take him time to adjust to the top flight but given his performance levels last season, Spurs will hope the 21-year-old can be their starting right-sided defender - as a wing-back or a right-back - for the best part of the next decade. And what's more, there is a player already at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium with equal promise who plays on the left-hand side. Ryan Sessegnon joined from Fulham for £25million in 2019. The 22-year-old's Spurs career is yet to really blossom. He came to north London as one of the most promising young English players in the game after a 2017-18 Championship season with Fulham in which he scored 15 goals and laid on six assists and was named Player of the Year. MORE TRANSFER NEWS...Man Utd interest in Youri Tielemans 'growing' with Ten Hag a big fanChelsea 'very close' to signing Jules Kounde in Barcelona revengeArsenal 'reactivate' transfer interest as Arteta plots sixth signing Sessegnon, capable of playing on the left wing as well as a left-sided wing-back, racked up 22 appearances last season and started all of the final six Premier League matches. He was favoured over Sergio Reguilon but has fresh competition for a starting spot from summer signing Perisic. Perisic might be the favoured starter when the campaign gets underway but Sessegnon and England under-21 team-mate Spence could be the long-term options on either side. Their huge ceilings suggest under a manager as elite as Conte, they can grow into players as influential as Walker and Rose were. They could well become world-class if they develop properly. Conte is known for an ability to turn wingers into wing-backs - as he did with the likes of Victor Moses and also Perisic - and so he should have the tools to unlock their full potential. If he can, Spurs can reap the rewards for years to come. And the results could be devastating.