While there are a variety of scams doing the rounds, fraudsters are still taking advantage of the COVID-19 pandemic to empty people’s bank accounts. Although the "NHS" text only asks for a minimal amount it can lead to someone losing their life savings. Consumer body Which? Is warning Britons what to look out for. Another day, another scam warning, this time consumer body Which? Is warning people not to click on a link purporting to be from the NHS. The text informs people they have been exposed to someone with Omicron and urges them to order a test. People may fall for this as not only does it look legitimate but can seem fairly harmful as it isn’t asking for a great deal of money. However, clicking on unknown links and sharing personal details can lead to someone losing their life savings so it’s always best to err on the side of caution.  READ MORE: Carers miss out on £650 DWP cost of living boost - 10 ways to save A spokesperson for Which? said: "The text message claims to be a tracing notification and tells you that you’ve been exposed to the omicron covid variant and need to take a test. “Reports of this scam show the message is coming from 07874269207, 07874285262 and 07874284325." “The message reads, ‘We’ve been notified you have been exposed to someone with COVID-19 (Omicron). Please order a mandatory test via: [health-department-uk.com]’. Britons are advised to delete the text, but if they have already already clicked on the link and given away personal information, they should contact their bank as well as Action Fraud. DON'T MISSGrandparents urged 'reduce your bill' as inheritance tax rises [WARNING]Ice cream startup worth £86million after Dragons Den rejection [INSIGHT]Savings: Brits lose £1,000 as inflation rises and rates remain low [ALERT]Impressive savings’: Millions of Britons could save £130 a month [INSIGHT] There are also numerous cost of living scams doing the rounds as fraudsters take advantage of millions of people who are waiting for payments. The Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) has issued a warning to people to “watch out for scammers targeting people about the Cost of Living payments”. Britons do not need to "apply" for this financial help as it will be paid into their bank accounts automatically. On Twitter, the DWP said it will never ask for personal details by text or email. READ MORE: Retirement: Will the state pension be enough to retire comfortably?  Fraudsters are becoming more and more sophisticated and are even able to ‘spoof’ numbers of banks. Action Fraud said: "In May, former Chancellor Rishi Sunak announced that all households with an electricity supply would receive a £400 grant. “However, this will be paid in lump sums from October automatically – there's no need to apply. "You will never be texted by Ofgem to sign up to anything in order to get money or a rebate – so if you get a text like this, don't respond to it or click any links." Meanwhile, HMRC recently issued three tips to help people spot a scam: