Bebe will be back at Old Trafford on Sunday, with Manchester United due to lock horns with Rayo Vallecano. The Portuguese winger was signed by Sir Alex Ferguson back in 2010. However, he failed to live up to expectations and never made the grade during his time in the Premier League. Back in 2010, United wanted to bolster their squad as they looked to win the Premier League title back from Chelsea. And Ferguson decided to gamble by snapping up Bebe, despite never actually seeing the forward play. Bebe was out of his depth at United, though still managed to score twice from six appearances. But, in 2013, he decided to criticise Ferguson for the way he was treated at the club - insisting the Scot called him ‘baby’ and forced him to get a hair cut. “When I arrived I went into the room and saw Ferguson was looking at me,” he said nine years ago. “He told me to cut my hair, it will look better. So I cut it the same day. In the next training session he didn’t recognise me. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative “I went passed him many times and he didn’t know me. “He didn’t speak much but I didn’t understand much. He has a difficult accent, so I understood nothing. “He called me ‘Baby’. After I told him it wasn’t like that.” Bebe was always a strange signing for United, with the move coming out of the blue with the forward playing for Vitoria de Guimaraes at the time. And he admitted in 2018 that he felt his move to Old Trafford was a joke at first. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd respond to claims De Jong doesn’t want to join “It wasn’t that [I didn’t believe in myself], I just know what life is like and I think anyone would have the same thought as me,” he said. “If you are playing in the third or fourth division in Portugal and suddenly one of the best teams in the world calls you, I think anyone would think ‘Can this actually be true?’ “I felt that way for a week or two, thinking that they were joking with me. “When I signed, I didn't go to England but instead spent four days in Portugal. And I still thought they were kidding. “I went to Carrington, I met all the players for the first time but I still thought that it was a lie! Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “But the moment I spoke with Ferguson, that was when I thought: ‘finally I am here’. I started believing it in my head on that day, it took a lot to believe it!” Bebe has also previously revealed Ferguson told him he’d become a ‘great player’ under his guidance. "Ferguson told me that he saw me as a talented boy and that he felt he could turn me into a great player," Bebe told the Daily Mail . "He immediately tried to work out my temperament and encourage me. "I was asking Ferguson if I could play. “He told me to keep calm, that I was very young and that opportunities would arrive. I still learned a lot in training from him. I was developing tactically." Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. Speaking last year, meanwhile, former United coach Carlos Queiroz opened up on Bebe and his bizarre time at the club. "Once and for all, I want to make it clear that I had nothing to do with that,” he said. “What's more, no-one from United ever sought my advice about him. Why would I have been involved? "As everyone knows, at that time I was the Portugal manager. Bebe wasn't even part of our elite national scouting list — I didn't even know that he existed. "I was the first one to be shocked and surprised with what happened." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here