The Duke and Duchess of Cornwall arrived in Birmingham to officially open the 22nd Commonwealth Games tournament at the 32,000-seater Alexander Stadium. Charles, 73, made the journey into the ground with his wife Camilla, 75, in his 1970 Aston Martin DB6 Volante convertible. The Prince of Wales' classic car, which was also driven by Prince William when he tied the knot with Kate Middleton, both 40, back in 2011, runs on a by-product of wine and cheese. Speaking to the BBC ahead of the COP26 summit in Glasgow last year, Charles revealed: "My old Aston Martin, which I’ve had for 51 years, runs on – can you believe this – surplus English white wine, and whey from the cheese process." The Duke and Duchess appeared to love making the journey in the 52-year-old motor. A social media post uploaded by Clarence House was accompanied by a caption which said: "Still getting better with age. JUST IN: Prince Charles makes Bond-style entrance to Commonwealth Games as he dazzles with Camilla "The Prince and The Duchess have made their entrance to the Opening Ceremony of the Birmingham Commonwealth Games in His Royal Highness’s Aston Martin, which runs on a by-product of wine and cheese." Social media users responded with glee to Clarence House's update. Twitter user @rogersayer9 simply wrote: "Classic." Another user, operating under the handle @gigi_napalan, said: "That's a grand entrance." READ MORE: Prince Charles GRIMACES as he walks through metal detector at Commonwealth Games TalkTV's royal editor and ex-Sky News presenter Sarah Hewson added: "Making an entrance." Fans of the Royal Family also took to Instagram to compliment the Cornwalls. @heidi_bradshaw88 said: "That was fabulous to see the Prince and the Duchess arrive in that lovely Aston Martin Volante!" Another user asked: "Is this the same car William and Catherine used after their wedding." DON'T MISS:'London doesn’t get treated like that!' Andy Burnham blasts rail plan [COMMENT]Queen's Guard screams at London tourist 'We'll never return!' - VIDEO [VIDEO]Product shortage fears as UK's largest container port [INSIGHT] England's second-largest city will welcome 5,054 athletes representing 72 nations and territories between July 28 and August 8. Contestants will battle it out in Birmingham in 280 events which stretch across 20 sports.