George Clarke can often be seen helping Britons out with their housing projects on programmes such as The Home Show, The Restoration Man and George Clarke's Amazing Spaces. Away from the cameras, George can be found at his own home in West London with his wife and three children. The Sunderland-born architect reportedly moved into his Edwardian property in Notting Hill in 2015. The 48-year-old put his own stamp on the property, renovating the entirety of the building. The property, which was built in 1910, was gutted and replaced with a modern interior with hints of the home’s original features remaining in place. He also restored the exterior of the property to its original appearance. George said it was his plan to put his own stamp on a property and that other homeowners should do the same. READ MORE: Natural ‘perfect’ items to unblock kitchen sinks for ‘optimal results’ He told The Resident in 2017: “It’s all about being creative and efficient with any space. “That said, there is an interesting contrast in the way people regard their surroundings. “Those who have space tend to view their houses in very traditional ways, mainly because of what they are told on the TV – so you must use these colours, or match this fabric with that piece of furniture. “But if it is a smaller space, something personal, the rules go out the window.” George largely keeps his family life out of the spotlight.  DON'T MISSBoris Johnson: Where he may live with Carrie and children [INSIGHT]How to clean shower door using 'household items' - 'best way' [UPDATE]How to ‘instantly revive’ plants damaged during hot weather [ANALYSIS]  However, earlier this year he revealed some insight into how he encouraged his children to try their hand at building and architecture. He told Andi Peters on ITV’s Lorraine: "I've almost thrown them in at the deep end to be honest with you. I think the sooner you get your kids building and doing stuff, the better." He added: "I think the sooner you teach them the safer it is, getting them to learn how to use tools in a really safe way and hammers and power tools and stuff like that, the earlier they start the better. "So they got to work on the garden shed which was fantastic." George has his own studio on the property which is located in the garden. The father-of-three also has a home in the Cotswolds which he put up for sale earlier this year for £870,000 after he allegedly split from his second wife Katie Morgan Jones. The architect, who was brought up in Washington, Sunderland, left school at 16 and reportedly found a job with a local architect firm. He then studied for a BTEC in Building and Construction at Wearside College, Sunderland, before gaining a First Class BA Honours in Architectural Studies and a Certificate in Architectural Practice from Newcastle University School of Architecture, Planning and Landscape. He then got a post-graduate diploma from London's Bartlett School of Architecture. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea  Since then, George has become a leading name in architecture and has travelled around the globe. He has a portfolio of celebrity clients who include TV chef Jamie Oliver. George Clarke’s Remarkable Renovations sees the presenter meet people who are transforming unused buildings and local landmarks into unique homes. George Clarke’s Remarkable Renovations airs tonight at 9pm on Channel 4.