Bayern Munich manager Julian Nagelsmann has refused to rule out a move for Tottenham striker Harry Kane. Nagelsmann predicts the England captain would "score a lot" of goals in the Bundesliga. Kane is linked with a potential move to Bayern Munich. The German giants have lost Robert Lewandowski to Barcelona and are on the search for a replacement. Bild claims Bayern have had contact with Kane's entourage over a potential move for the 28-year-old in the summer of 2023. And Now Nagelsmann has been asked about a potential transfer. Speaking at a press conference on Friday, Nagelsmann was full of praise for Kane as a player. However, he admitted the transfer would not come cheap and says a deal would be very difficult to complete. Nagelsmann said: "He's very expensive that's the problem. But brilliant player, one of two or three who can play as a centre forward [as well as a] No 10, but he's very strong, brilliant with [his] head and both feet. READ MORE: Man Utd’s title-challenging XI if Neves, Depay and two other players join  "He could score a lot in the Bundesliga, I don't know the price, but it's really tough for Bayern Munich. We'll see what happens in the future." Kane's contract at Spurs expires in 2024, a year after Spurs boss Antonio Conte's deal comes to an end. Legendary former Bayern goalkeeper Oliver Khan spoke recently to claim signing Kane would be a "dream" for his old club. Khan said: "He is under contract with Tottenham. Sure, an absolute top striker, but that's all a dream of the future. "Now we have to look at getting the squad together for the current season. So let's see what else happens." DON'T MISSChelsea's dream 25-man squad with six signings for Thomas TuchelMan Utd given major Frenkie de Jong boost as Barcelona boss Xavi 'sanctions exit'Liverpool sent reassuring message as three Guardiola mistakes pointed out at Man City  Kane wanted to leave Tottenham last summer and join Manchester City. However, Spurs chairman Daniel Levy refused to accept any of City's offers for the player. The Etihad club have now signed Erling Haaland to all but end their pursuit of Kane. Tottenham's talismanic forward has thrived under Conte and earlier this month discussed the impact the Italian has had on his game. Kane said: "Antonio has been fantastic. I’ve learned from every manager I’ve worked under. "Antonio has probably taken fitness levels to another level for me. The mentality, being with him every day seeing the way he prepares, the way he brings his passion and brings the best out of the lads, I’ve learnt from that. "I feel like I’m learning every year anyway and getting more experience and getting better, but with someone like Antonio it’s speeding up that process even quicker. I feel in good shape." 