Stacey Solomon has taken to Instagram to reveal that her wedding to Joe Swash at their Pickle Cottage home was not legal. The Loose Women panellist, 37, and her fiance wed at their family home over the weekend, before revealing she plans to register their union legally after their celebration. The couple married in a private Jewish ceremony at their Essex mansion at the weekend surrounded by family and friends. While Stacey has yet to share any snaps from her big day due to a self-imposed social media ban, the star did take to her stories to clear up fans' confusion in view of her 5.3 million followers. Over a picture of her stunning bridal heels and baby Rose's sweet shoes for the big day, Stacey wrote: "Lots of you asking this..." She revealed that one follower asked: "So excited for you and your family. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry's appearance 'paint a thousand words' claims host "Being nosey but I always wanted to get married at home and didn't think you could? "How does it work?" they asked the star. Stacey replied: "To get married anywhere legally, the place has to have a 'civil ceremony' licence. "One of the requirements for this licence is that the premises must be made 'readily available for ceremonies..." She went on: "As this is our private family home and we need it to remain that way we couldn't go for that option. "So we are having a relaxed private blessing in front of our closest friend and family and a ceremony of love to each other and we will register our marriage legally after... "Hope this helps," she ended her reply with black hearts. Stacey and Joe tied the knot on Sunday and partied with loved ones in a large marquee in their back garden. DON'T MISS... Michael J Fox's wife asked brutal question amid Parkinson's agony [INSIGHT]Vicky Pattison candidly opens up on ‘hard years’ of alcohol abuse [ANALYSIS]Vampire Diaries's Kat Graham admits lying about age for career [UPDATE] The ceremony included a performance from TOWIE star James ‘Arg’ Argent who also DJ’d the party. It is understood that other guests included Stacey's Loose Women co-star Linda Robson as well as ex-TOWIE star Ricky Rayment. Stacey also gave her fans a glimpse at the wedding set up before she announced she was taking a break from social media. Shortly before the ceremony took place, the X Factor star shared a clip of her back garden filled with tables and chairs that were waiting to be laid out. She also revealed that the furniture had been borrowed from Ikea and would be donated to charity after her and Joe had said their vows. Stacey later thanked her fans for their support and told them she wanted to “soak in” every part of her special day and would not be active on Instagram for a while. She wrote: "One of the pieces of advice all of you told me was to soak it all in and enjoy every second because it is over in a flash. “So, I am going to say goodbye to my phone for a few days and make sure I take in every moment: the set-up, the getting ready, the day, and the aftermath."