Paris Saint-Germain have announced the sacking of manager Mauricio Pochettino. The Argentine leaves PSG after 18 months in charge of the Ligue 1 club and is set to be replaced by Christophe Galtier. Pochettino was appointed PSG boss in January 2021, replacing the sacked Thomas Tuchel. However, he was unable to lead the club to the Ligue 1 title in his first season in charge, pipped by his expected successor Galtier at Lille. PSG lost in the semi-final of the Champions League in the 2020/21 season to Pep Guardiola's Manchester City. Pochettino performed better in Ligue 1 last season, running away with the title by 15 points. But again there was failure in Europe. They could not make it beyond the last-16 despite leading 1-0 against Real Madrid following the first leg in Paris. Transfer news LIVE: Ronaldo offered to Barcelona, third Man Utd deal ordered, Arsenal blow  And that has now cost the former Tottenham manager his job. After months of speculation over his future, PSG announced on Tuesday the departure of the 50-year-old. PSG said in a statement on their website: "Paris Saint-Germain confirm that Mauricio Pochettino has ended his role at the club. The Argentine coach and his team joined the club in January 2021. "A former captain of the Rouge & Bleus, Pochettino took charge of 84 competitive games, winning 55, drawing 15 and losing 14. Under his tenure, Paris Saint-Germain won the 2020 Trophée des Champions and the 2020/21 Coupe de France, as well as the club’s historic 10th Ligue 1 title last April. "The club would like to thank Mauricio Pochettino and his staff for their work and wish them the best for the future." DON'T MISSPaulo Dybala 'evaluating' Man Utd transfer as Inter Milan stance gives Erik ten Hag boostLiverpool icon left red-faced as Christian Eriksen tweet spectacularly backfiresTaylor's Transfers: Tottenham track 'next Haaland', Chelsea exit stalls, Leeds double deal  Pochettino was linked with the Manchester United job earlier this year. It was thought the Red Devils were picking between him and Erik ten Hag, but ultimately went for the Dutchman. Zinedine Zidane has been strongly linked with the PSG job. However, it will be Galtier who takes over. Galtier left his job at Nice last week and was swiftly replaced by Lucien Favre. The Frenchman previously had eight years in charge of Saint-Etienne and four campaigns at Lille. Nice finished fifth in Galtier's only season in charge and has seemingly impressed the PSG hierarchy with his performance. The 55-year-old will inherit a squad which still contains Kylian Mbappe after the France superstar penned a new contract earlier this summer despite strong interest from Real Madrid. 