Britain’s Cameron Norrie has reached the quarter finals of Wimbledon, setting up a huge match with Belgium's David Goffin, Norrie is in uncharted territory as he makes the second week of a Grand Slam for the first time in his career. The 26-year-old beat Tommy Paul in straight sets in the round of 16 to edge himself one step closer to surprise glory at the All England Club. While he represents Britain, Norrie had an international upbringing which saw him calling three different continents home. He was born in South Africa to a Welsh mother (Helen) and a Scottish father (David), who met at a micro-biologists conference in Johannesburg. Norrie would only spend the first three years of his life there though, as his parents decided to leave after they were the targets of a home invasion. The "traumatic" experience impacted the family heavily, as Norrie reflected on in a 2017 interview with The Times. He said: "I don't remember too much about it, but my mum told me it got a little bit too dangerous so we moved to New Zealand. "A lot of her trophies and medals got stolen (she was a Marathon runner); stuff that is not worth much in terms of cash, but in terms of sentimental value, it was." Sadly, home invasions of this nature are not uncommon in South Africa. According to the South African Government’s crime statistics, the number of households that experienced this crime increased from 2.1 million in 2015/16 to 2.3 million in 2019/20. After relocating to New Zealand, Norrie also spent time in America during his university days. Norrie maintained in the same interview that he is "100 percent British." He joked that his father has not lost "his filthy Scottish accent" despite over 40 years of living abroad. His father quipped in response: "I wish he would stop saying that about my accent." READ MORE: Cameron Norrie's swipe at Roger Federer: 'Don't want to see him again' David has managed to pass on his love of Rangers Football Club to his son. He once spoke of how he tried to imbue his upbringing into his son's life despite being on the other side of the world. David said: "I think you probably try to imbue some of your upbringing and values to your kids. "I've always told both of my kids about their background and heritage. "They were born in Africa but I don't think you change who you are, where you come from, even if you travel all over." Choosing to represent Britain wasn't a straightforward choice for Norrie, however. Having been brought up in Auckland, Norrie represented New Zealand at the Auckland ATP tournament in 2013. DON'T MISSWimbledon order of play: Djokovic, Watson and Norrie play on Day 7Wimbledon: Nick Kyrgios in blockbuster tie with TsitsipasWimbledon Day Five: Kyrgios debates fine, Djokovic annoyed However, he switched allegiances that same year to Britain, with Tennis NZ unable or unwilling to support him on his journey to become a professional. Recalling this time, Norrie said in 2019: "I was pretty lucky to get a wildcard here and I'm grateful for that. "I grew up here, lived here and I know a lot of fans will be pretty keen to watch me, they haven't seen me play for the last six or seven years. "It's very exciting for me and I think very exciting for the Auckland community." Norrie worked closely with former New Zealand professional James Greenhalgh. The Briton paid tribute to Greenhalgh for the help he gave him in the early stages of his career. He said: "I talk to him a bit here and there, "James is a great guy, a genuine guy and really wants the best for you. "He taught me to love tennis and it was very simple with him. We worked a bit on technique when I was 12 and then lots of drilling and lots of matches. "It was pretty relaxed and we trusted him, he's just a good guy really."