Cabin crew professional Caroline, 28, from Florida, shares her travels and insight on her TikTok account where she boasts 82.8K followers. She runs the blog Blonde Voyage where she posts her travel advice. The flight attendant advised travellers on an item they should always pack for their flight, no matter what the weather is like. She said: "This is simple but I can't tell you how many times a day I get asked for a blanket by someone wearing shorts and a crop top on the plane. "Always, always, always bring a sweatshirt on the plane, to the airport. "The airport is freezing, the plane can sometimes be cold." READ MORE: Flight attendant tells what to 'never, ever consume' on a plane - 'promise me you won't' It may seem cumbersome and annoying to travel with a warm jumper when you are going somewhere that will be hot. However, Caroline urges against the error of dressing for the destination - not the plane. She said: "Even if you are going somewhere tropical and you're not going to need it, bring it on the plane, dress warmly. "A lot of airlines don’t have blankets so don’t bank on that! That’s why I say dress warm." DON'T MISSFlight attendant shares disgusting plane food revelation [SHOCK] '100 percent guarantee' your luggage will not get lost [FLIGHT ATTENDANT] 'It is a must': Flight attendant's 'lifesaver' for sore ears [EXPERT] She specified dressing in layers is the most effective way to make sure you are always comfortable - at least in terms of temperature. Caroline also recently detailed her summer travel tips, hoping to help travellers beat the chaos at this time of year. She advised Britons to be careful when booking connecting flights online. The travel expert said: "Tip number one if you're booking a connecting flight make sure to give yourself at least two hours in between flights. "A lot of these third-party websites are going to let you book something 30 minutes apart. It's not enough time. "Even an hour these days is really just not enough time. "Give yourself two hours between connecting flights." She also advised Britons to book flights as early as they can in the day. "The earlier the better," she said. I know you don't want to wake up at 3am to catch a 5am flight but I promise you the earlier you book a flight, the earlier your flight, the smoother everything is going to go." Another travel insight recently "begged" travellers not to drink water or hot drinks on planes for a disgusting reason. Kat Kamalani is a former flight attendant.