Mia Munro used to spend £200 a month on food but has been spending much less after trying out the Too Good To Go app. The free app allows shoppers to buy food at a much lower price while also saving it from going to waste. Cash strapped Britons looking for ways to save money may not have tried Too Good To Go yet but apps such as these are certainly worth considering. Using the app has saved one student a staggering £82 on her monthly shopping bill, according to LatestDeals.co.uk. The student made a huge saving by ordering a "magic bag" every day from Monday to Friday combining the contents with ingredients she already had in her freezer. She said: "The first bag I got was from my local café, and I got three Rocky Road cakes worth £9 for just £3.09.” READ MORE: Universal Credit: When can claimants expect Cost of Living support? Ms Munro continued: “These were good as snacks and desserts over the two weeks and they were large enough that I could cut them up. "I then went to Starbucks, and I got four items for £3.59 - I worked out that I saved just over £13 overall! "In the bag there was a No Meatball Marinara Wrap, usually £5, a S’mores Muffin - usually £2.65 - an Iced Raspberry Swirl, usually £3, and a Banoffee Mini Loaf Cake which is usually £2.75. "I took the wrap out for lunch and divided up the desserts over the course of the fortnight." DON'T MISSWoman discovered she owed E.ON £1,000 despite paying her monthly bill [WARNING]Britons could wait longer for prescriptions after state pension change [UPDATE]PIP: The key letter that claimants should look out for [ALERT]'Incredibly believable' TV presenter issues scam warning [WARNING]  During her Too Good To Go challenge, Mia also picked up groceries from GoPuff where she made some big savings. She explained: "I got bananas which would usually be £1.54, a Muller Corner yoghurt originally priced at 98p, two packs of six medium free-range eggs usually £1.15 each.” On top of this she also got milk, a cinnamon swirl, a six-pack of white baps originally priced at £1.42 and a ciabatta roll which was 40p. Ms Munro enthused: “I got the whole lot for £4 and saved £6.35." READ MORE: Savings provider offering 2.7% is rated ‘excellent’ The student also found she got a wide variety of food and was able to spread them out by freezing some things. She continued: "I had plenty of fruit for snacks, a number of desserts, some soup for lunch with the ciabatta, pre-made meals from Pret and Starbucks, some milk for breakfast cereals, eggs for omelettes, baps for sandwiches and so on." Tom Church, Co-Founder of LatestDeals.co.uk, said: "Wow, I’m jealous of the huge range of Too Good To Go bags in Mia’s area - I have nowhere near as many where I live! "She’s certainly done well to reduce her grocery spend by £80 and make use of these bags, plus her existing food supplies, to get creative and make some bargain-friendly meals." Meanwhile, a woman from Bristol recently told Express.co.uk how she saves £100 a month by adopting one savvy savings tip. “It’s open to anyone and you pay £3.50 a week and it’s what supermarkets are about to throw away. “They bring it to a food club and you can pick what you want from different stations. “I reckon each week I get about £20 to £25 worth of stuff for £3.50 and you never know what you are getting."  Do you have a personal finance story or money saving tip to share? Express.co.uk would like to hear from you. People can get in touch via personal.finance@reachplc.com. 