The Met Office has issued a yellow warning on thunderstorms further into the North. Heavy showers and thunderstorms are expected from 10am till 10pm tonight.  According to the department, spray and sudden flooding could lead to difficult driving conditions and some road closures. It stated: “While some areas will remain dry, slow moving, heavy thunderstorms are likely to develop from mid to late morning, likely peaking during the afternoon and early evening before decaying later. “Where thunderstorms do occur, 20-25 mm of rain is possible in less than an hour, and 40-50 mm could fall in 2 or 3 hours. “Hail and frequent lightning are potential additional hazards.”  There is a chance of delays and some cancellations to train and bus services where flooding or lightning strikes occur. Dan Suri, Met Office chief forecaster, said we can “look forward to more typical conditions” now. Moister air from the Atlantic is triggering the risk of thunderstorms and heavy showers for parts of the UK today, but things should be better by the weekend. He said: “There's a further risk of thunderstorms on Friday but by the weekend it'll turn drier, brighter and increasingly warm in the south and east of England.  READ MORE: Family spent 17 years visiting dad's grave to find someone else buried “Northern and western parts of the UK are set to experience relatively fresher conditions as it turns breezier and wetter here over the weekend.” There is a slight chance that power cuts could occur and other services to some homes and businesses could be lost. Tonight, clouds and showers will gradually ease and clear to the east. Clear spells will develop in western Britain, but a band of cloud and showery rain will arrive in Northern Ireland towards dawn. Sarah Keith Lucas, BBC presenter said: “We are ending the week on a cooler note as the temperatures have gradually been dropping in recent days after the heatwave.  DON'T MISS:Queen’s accession portraits set for first ever display ‘Fun uncle’ Prince Harry’s bond with nephew George ‘suffered’ Putin in trouble as Ukraine calls for international tribunal “Thunderstorms are possible for some areas on Friday. “Through the day, there will be some showery rain developing particularly across central parts of England. Temperatures ranging between 15-23C.” 