Toto Wolff has backed Lewis Hamilton's call for more action to be taken by F1 stars to deal with racism in the sport. The Mercedes team principal wants teams and drivers to make “real commitment” and “real actions”. He blasted teams for only following with "a few Instagram posts” as Hamilton has been hit with a string of slurs ahead of his home Grand Prix. Wolff said: “I would very much hope that teams don’t remain silent but actually follow. “Not only follow with a few Instagram posts but also follow up with real commitment, with real actions and with real funding.” It comes after former F1 world champion Nelson Piquet made an apparent racist remark about Hamilton in two separate TV interviews last November. The former Williams and Brabham driver has since denied the words came with any malicious intent but he has since been banned from the F1 paddock. Wolff came to the defence of his driver, revealing he knows the extent Hamilton received abuse growing up in the sport. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton opened up about 'upsetting racism' in unearthed footage He commented: “I’ve been on the receiving end of racism and criticism and that negativity and archaic narratives for a long long time, and undertones of discrimination, so there’s nothing really particularly new for me. I know from experiences from my wife who raced with him that he was literally called all the words you don’t want to hear today. “That has been part of his upbringing, that is very much his scars and that’s why a robust answer and a robust position is important.” Hamilton also called for teams and drivers to take more action over tackling racism on Thursday, suggesting “lip service” was not enough to make a difference. The seven-time champion explained: “Basically, when I sat down with Toto a year ago I said that I don't want to just be a driver for the team anymore, I feel it's important that we start looking to what we're doing both inside, but also outside of the sport. DON'T MISSNelson Piquet slammed for 'unacceptable' apology over Hamilton comment [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton using Piquet racism storm as 'fuel' for Silverstone [ANALYSIS]Max Verstappen makes bold ‘not a racist’ defence of Nelson Piquet [COMMENT] “And so part of the contract was commitment from them and commitment from myself financially to put into Ignite." He added: “I think we're just living in a time where there's been a lot of people that have said they're supportive through these last couple of years, but a lot of [it is] lip service, and we are not doing that. We're actually about action. We're putting our money where our mouth is. So yeah, I'm really proud.”