Leeds United could be left to scour the market for alternative striker options if Charles De Ketelaere completes a switch from Club Brugge to AC Milan. The Whites had submitted a club record £31.5million offer for the Belgian, but are since believed to have given up hope due to the player's desire for a Serie A move. Express Sport looks at four players transfer chief Victor Orta could turn to... Leeds have reportedly been interested in Brereton Diaz since Marcelo Bielsa was at the helm. The 23-year-old scored 22 Championship goals last term and continues to star for the Chilean national team, with many suggesting that he could step up to the Premier League this summer. According to AS, the Whites and West Ham have already made contact with Blackburn Rovers about putting together a deal, although a formal proposal is not yet on the table. That could all change over the coming days, however, with hope of landing De Ketelaere slipping away. DON'T MISS: Chelsea and Armando Broja reach transfer agreement as West Ham-linked striker sent home The 20-year-old striker made quite the impression during a second successive loan spell at Lens last campaign, netting 12 goals in Ligue 1. Paris Saint-Germain boss Christophe Galtier is said to be very impressed with what the youngster has shown during pre-season, despite reports that the French outfit would be willing to sanction a deal in the region of £21m. CBS Sports claim that the Whites remain 'very interested' in the France U21 international, who already has plenty of top-flight experience. Orta may have to wait for PSG's decision on phasing him into the first-team before discovering whether their pursuit can continue. MORE TRANSFER NEWS...Man Utd interest in Youri Tielemans 'growing' with Ten Hag a big fanChelsea 'very close' to signing Jules Kounde in Barcelona revengeArsenal 'reactivate' transfer interest as Arteta plots sixth signing Leeds conducted smart business with Rennes two years ago by thrashing out a deal for Raphinha. The Brazilian has since fled to Barcelona in a lucrative deal which has landed the Whites with plenty of cash to play with, but left them with a need to add goals to Jesse Marsch's squad. L'Equipe report that Leeds have targeted Martin Terrier, who struck 21 times in Ligue 1 last term. Rennes are set to demand £34m for his signature, and Orta will once again face competition from the Hammers if the club are serious about stepping up their interest. The RB Salzburg frontman has been linked to a cluster of Premier League clubs this summer, even if sporting director Christoph Freund claims that none of the talks have been concrete. Leeds have already nabbed Brenden Aaronson and Rasmus Kristensen from the Austrian side over the past few weeks, and they are rumoured to be among those keeping tabs on Adamu. At 21 years old, the senior Austrian international is another youthful option for Orta to consider and he bagged nine goals in 43 matches last term. There may be more proven options available than the £12m-rated star, but a host of teams are clearly savvy to his potential.