Sir Keir Starmer is facing an open revolt as shadow Transport Minister Sam Tarry joined the picket line on Wednesday as rail workers go on strike. Transport Secretary Grant Shapps told Sky News's Kay Burley he's in "no doubt" Sir Keir will want to sack Mr Tarry. While former Labour MP and GMB host Ed confronted Mr Tarry, asking him: "The leader of Labour Party says you shouldn't go on a picket line on a picket line, presumably he as to sack you by lunchtime?"  Mr Tarry told the GMB presenter: "I have no idea what Keir will decide to do but I know this if Keir was is in government right now this dispute wouldn't be happening. We'd be around the table making sure your RMT and TSA get a fair deal and making sure that happens as soon as possible. "I have absolutely 100 percent confidence that any Labour Party MP will be in support of striking workers who are giving up a day's pay a week's pay or even longer. "By the way, this isn't just railway workers. We've now got the BMA talking about going on strike. We've got the Communication Workers, postal workers, people in BT industrial disputes are happening right across this country because the cost of living crisis it totally out of control of the 10 years of austerity, followed by people's wages in real terms not having visited in nearly a decade. "Any Labour leader will clearly be on the side. Ordinary people matter what difficult decisions they have to take to make sure that they get the deal and the pay that they deserve."  Earlier he said: "If we don't make a stand today, people's lives could be lost. "Some of the lowest paid workers are on strike today in the rail industry, safety-critical workers, workers that make sure our railways, get people to work and do so safely. "It can't be accepted anymore, that people just have to accept that inflation is out of control. "The government is doing nothing called the cost of living crisis, and I'll tell you what shameful I believe strongly if we had a Labour government right now, this dispute wouldn't be happening, because we would actually be around the table and I'll tell you what, when Grant Shapps and Liz Truss's Government lie and say to you that it's someone else's fault, it's a striking rail workers fault this dispute is happening, what a load of nonsense. "The Trade Union Congress had a legal opinion just a few weeks ago that showed definitively that it is the government who are agitating for this dispute, and it needs to be resolved. It's resolved fairly unjustly and quickly for the sake of the travelling public."  Rail passengers were suffering fresh travel chaos on Wednesday when thousands of workers walked out on strike, crippling services across the country. Disputes in the bitter row over jobs, pay, pensions and conditions are worsening, with more strikes in the coming days, and a wave of industrial action planned next month on the railways and London Underground. Only around one in five trains will run on Wednesday, on around half the network, with some areas having no trains all day. Picket lines were being mounted outside train stations as members of the Rail, Maritime and Transport union (RMT) at Network Rail and 14 train operators went on strike. DON'T MISS Boris allies urge Tory party to hold 'confirmatory vote' on PM' [INSIGHT]Sunak shoots himself in foot with 'mansplaining' strategy [ANALYSIS]Russian pundit in brutal forecast for UK amid leadership chaos [REACTION] Passengers are being urged to only travel by train if they must, and if it is necessary, allow extra time and check when their last train will depart. Trains are expected to be disrupted on Thursday morning with a later start to services as employees return to duties. The Transport Salaried Staffs' Association (TSSA) has also announced a strike by its members at Avanti West Coast on Wednesday, while members of the drivers union Aslef at seven companies will strike on Saturday. RMT general secretary Mick Lynch said union members were more determined than ever to secure a decent pay rise, job security and good working conditions. READ NEXT: Disability blue badges rejected in popular EU destinationsSouth Korea's strategy could trigger nuclear war with North Korea'Arrogance and hubris is staggering' Meghan savaged over move to USQueen has NEVER lived in most important home due to Princess Beatrice'Poison running in blood' Harry sparks fears