Flight attendant Miguel Muñoz has been working for low-cost airlines based in the UK for over 10 years. Now, he exclusively told Express.co.uk how travellers can "carry more" when they go on holiday using a "genius" packing hack.  Miguel explained laptop cases can be carried "in addition to a cabin bag" and airlines "will never check them". "I've done this many times," he revealed. "Simply wrap some of your clothes around the laptop. "Or place other heavier stuff into the computer bag. READ MORE: Britons should use 'shampoo bottle' to avoid being robbed on holiday  "This is not only a great way to carry more but also very useful to avoid baggage fees for overweight luggage." This is because "the laptop case never gets weighted and you can always place some of your belongings there," he said. The crew member added: "Also, if your checked-in bag gets lost, you will have some spare clothes and underwear. "And you don't even have to carry a laptop!" Miguel revealed.  Miguel explained that this packing tip is similar to the "duty-free hack". He previously told Express.co.uk that "duty-free bags don't count as carry-on baggage," which is something most passengers are not aware of. "If you have something that doesn't fit in your suitcase or you want to bring an extra bag on board, here's the trick. "All you have to do is carry a duty-free bag. READ MORE: Flight attendant shares ‘life-changing’ packing tip "Or ask for one at the duty-free shop. "Then place whatever you want in the shopping bag." Most low-cost airlines in the UK, including easyJet or Ryanair, have very strict luggage policies and only allow one small bag, which has to fit under the seat, in the cabin, free of charge. The flight attendant admitted he has done this many times when travelling as a passenger. He explained: "When I see people coming on board with a duty-free bag that looks VERY full I always assume they are using it for this purpose. "It obviously doesn't contain just one perfume or bottle of wine. "But a lot of crew don't know this and most won't realise. "If you come on board with one piece of luggage, which you are allowed to, and a duty-free bag with some of your belongings, no one will say anything."