Wimbledon has seen its biggest upset of the tournament so far as WTA world No 1 Iga Swiatek has lost to world No 37 Alize Cornet in straight sets. It means the top seed's 37-match winning streak has officially come to an end after the Frenchwoman became the first player to beat her since February with a 6-4 6-2 victory on Court 1. Swiatek broke the record for the longest winning streak of the century on the WTA Tour with her opening victory over Jana Fett, surpassing Venus Williams for her 36th win and clinching her 37th in round two. But 38 was too much for the world No 1, who was outclassed by the 32-year-old. Cornet stormed to a 3-0 lead with a double break but Swiatek was able to get one back, though it wasn't enough and the Frenchwoman took the opener 6-4. Swiatek had a better start in the second as she broke to lead 2-0 but she failed to win another game in the rest of the match. The world No 37 outplayed the Pole in almost every aspect - winning more first and second serves, break points as well as making fewer unforced errors and winning 69 points in the match to Swiatek's 51. JUST IN: De Minaur would have 'given up' Wimbledon court for girlfriend Boulter  Speaking after the match, Cornet joked that she was ageing like wine after earning a win over the world No 1 at 32 years of age. And the six-time title winner admitted it reminded her of her win over Serena Williams on the exact same stage in the third-round back in 2014. "I have no words right now. It reminds me of the time I beat Serena on the same court eight years ago exactly," she beamed. "This court is a lucky charm for me. I am a huge fan of Iga, she's so talented and an amazing player and nice ambassador of women's tennis so I'm very flattered I beat her today. This kind of match is what I live for, what I'm practicing for, it drives me and I knew I could do it. "I had this belief even with her wins, I thought there is a moment you can beat her it's now on grass so I was just believing very hard and I have the best team by my side and the best crowd. I guess I like the upsets, it's a really nice feeling right now and I need to process because I still feel like I'm playing I'm not completely realising what I've done." DON'T MISSHeather Watson suffers injury scare ahead ahead of Wimbledon clashWimbledon star Alex de Minaur booed after knocking out second BritCoco Gauff fails to match Wimbledon fairytale run as Anisimova wins  The statement win means Cornet is back into the second week of Wimbledon for the first time since that Serena Williams victory eight years ago, and she continued: "I'm like good wine, in France good wine always ages well, that's what's happened to me. "It's unreal - I'm playing one of the best seasons of my career I feel great on the court, I'm having so much fun I feel good physically, eight years after my first qualification into the second week I can say I'm still there I'm still so motivated and I still have the fire in me and I hope you guys enjoyed the match."