Passengers on the wildlife voyage were given the rare treat on Monday evening. They were off Pen-yr-Afr when they saw the highly unusual sight of the Thresher Shark jumping out of the water.  According to Wales Online, the moment was captured on video with the nine foot creature jumping high out of the water. The shark emerged a few seconds later as the boat moved away much to the delight of the passengers aboard. Tony Barber, who owns A Bay to Remember providing dolphin and wildlife trips in the Cardigan area, filmed the sighting. Mr Barber, who runs the company with his wife, said it was only the third time they have seen a shark while running the boat trips.  It was the first time they have been able to catch one of the sharks on camera. He said: "It’s pretty unusual to see one like that. "We see dolphins regularly, and you might see a splash now and again but without really knowing what it is. "We've only ever seen sharks in the distance, but this time it was clear as it was right there. READ MORE: Alert sounded at 30,000ft as passenger flight issues 7700 'Squawk'  "I would say it was about three metres long, about eight or nine feet. "This is only our third time seeing one in 16 years of running the boat trips and the first to be caught on camera. What an amazing creature" According to The Wildlife Trust, the Thresher Shark is a migratory species only passing through British waters during the summer. They can grow up to six metres in length and weigh up to 340kg - a whopping 53 stone. DON'T MISS:  Parents 'disgusted' as 30 caravans pitch on school playing field [REVEAL] Massive changes to council tax in Wales [INSIGHT] Caravan owners 'forced off' holiday site by new rule   [SPOTLIGHT]  The sharks can live for 50 years and are classed as vulnerable, according to the International Union for Conservation of Nature. However, they aren't aggressive and are considered harmless to humans. A spokesperson for The Wildlife Trust said the Shark "rarely" strays into coastal areas. They said: "The thresher shark spends most of its time in the deep waters of the open sea, rarely straying into coastal areas. "To survive in these colder waters, they have evolved to be endothermic. This means that they can keep their body temperature higher than the temperature of the surrounding water. "They do this through a specialised heat exchange system, which allows them to conserve heat produced through internal body mechanisms such as metabolism or muscle shivering. "Thresher sharks use their extremely long tail to hunt. "They herd smaller fish into tight shoals, swim at them and thrash their tail like a whip, stunning some of the fish and making them easy to catch." 