The Royal Life Saving Society warned that even if a child or young person is a good swimmer and the water looks safe, hidden dangers may be present. Elsewhere, one 16-year-old boy died after getting into difficulty swimming at Salford Quays in Greater Manchester. He was seen struggling in the water at around 6.15pm on Saturday. On Sunday, a 13-year-old boy died after getting into trouble in the River Tyne in Northumbria near Ovingham. Last week, a 16-year-old died while having trouble in the water at a West Yorkshire canal while the body of another 16-year-old was pulled from an abandoned quarry in Wigan. Just today, a 16-year-old boy died after getting into difficulty in Bray Lake, near Maidenhead.  The series of tragic deaths has prompted the Royal Life Saving Society to warn parents about the dangers of open water swimming. The charity said that in July 2021 there were 49 accidental fatal drownings. Charity director Lee Heard said: "We understand this hot weather brings excitement and sees people heading to the water for fun or to cool off. "But it’s vital to ensure that everyone has an understanding of water safety and makes it their responsibility to educate family and friends on how water can be enjoyed safely to prevent any tragedies." He said the charity found that 55 percent of parents wouldn’t feel comfortable knowing what to do if their child fell into open water. He added: "We’re seeing lots of young people heading to various waterways including quarries and lakes, but unfortunately they don’t have experience of swimming in these environments."  READ MORE: Tory leadership race turns into bloodbath as new claims emerges Mr Heard says to keep in mind that cold water can make even a strong swimmer have difficulty. The cold water can cause shock to the body and even cause a swimmer to hyperventilate. He added there may be unseen dangers under the water. Strong currents in seas and rivers can tire out the strongest swimmers. Parents should also make sure that their children know that floating can save their life. Mr Heard said: "Float to live, if you fall in or become tired, stay calm, float on your back and call for help, or if you see someone in the water, throw something that floats to them and resist temptation to go in." DON'T MISS:Jeremy Clarkson faces backlash after mocking heatwave [REPORT]Gregg Wallace shares foods he ate to lose 4.5st - 'Wasn't a struggle!' [ANALYSIS]The most dangerous holiday destination is ‘unnerving’ [INSIGHT]  Finally, the charity urges swimmers to always go with friends and to stay near the shore to make sure they can quickly exit the water if they feel tired. In an emergency, call 999 and ask for the Fire and Rescue Service if inland or the Coastguard if at the coast. The news comes amid unconfirmed reports that a search and rescue operation was underway near the central pier in Blackpool after several people got into difficulty in the water there. However, since the incident was reported, the police cordon had been lifted and it was unclear if there were any casualties there. 