New York Times best-selling author Jenny Han has won a new legion of fans following the release of The Summer I Turned Pretty, an adaptation of her novel of the same name. Season two was greenlit prior to the first series even dropping on the streaming platform. Audience members are desperate to know what happens next in the story and the fate of some of the characters - Express.co.uk has the lowdown. Season one ended on a dramatic note after Conrad Fisher (played by Christopher Briney) revealed his mother Susannah (Rachel Blanchard) was sick again. Susannah was suffering from cancer but it was believed she had been on the road to recovery until now. Conrad withheld this information from his younger brother Jeremiah Fisher (Gavin Casalegno) with the truth only coming out at debutante ball, leading the two siblings to fight. Belly Conklin (Lola Tung) was left shocked at the news and the fracas between the two boys. This cliffhanger left fans curious about Susannah. In the show, Susannah is alive at the end of season one with her diagnosis hanging over the family. Susannah was reluctant to face another gruelling round of chemotherapy but her sons begged her to reconsider. In Han’s books, Susannah does die and passes away between the first and second novels. Her death opens the door for further drama and tensions between Conrad and Jeremiah, not to mention Belly who is caught up in a love triangle between them. Amazon Prime Video’s series is broadly following the trajectory of the source material. But there have been some changes and divergences between the television show and the book. For instance, in the show Belly, Jeremiah and Conrad are all sexually fluid with the younger Fisher brother making out with boys and girls. Additionally, Susannah and Laurel Conklin (Jackie Chung) are more fleshed out than in the novels. Susannah is a fully-fledged character who is an artist and is working on portraits of the three teens. DON'T MISS...How old is Conrad in The Summer I Turned Pretty? [EXPLAINER]How many episodes are in The Summer I Turned Pretty? [INSIGHT]Will there be a season 2 of The Summer I Turned Pretty? [ANALYSIS] Given Susannah has been fully realised in the show, her death could be changed from the novels and she may get a stay of execution. The writers are still working on the scripts for season two at present and so it’s only speculation at this stage about the fate of the onscreen incarnation of Susannah. Han teased to Distractify about the upcoming series, saying: "I'll say that it will [follow], pretty closely, but there might be some twists and turns that people might not expect. “I mean, it's, you know, I think the books are ... the second book takes place over only a few days. And then it has a bunch of flashbacks.” Speaking about why she signed up to The Summer I Turned Pretty, actress Blanchard said it was because of her co-star Chung. The two actresses met virtually and found an “instant chemistry”, which was important to their characters and the story. Blanchard went on to address author Han presence during filming, with the writer also serving as the drama’s co-showrunner, saying: “It was invaluable to have her on set, because obviously, she knows the stories inside and out, and if you ever had any questions you could go directly to the source. “She's a very giving collaborator and producer and creator, so if you had any questions, you could ask her.” The actress added to The List: “She helped inform the character and helped flesh out the world even more than it already was on the page.” Sadly, Blanchard couldn’t say too much about season two, admitting the cast had only been getting “bits and pieces” at this stage. The Summer I Turned Pretty is streaming on Amazon Prime Video now