Question Time host Fiona Bruce made the trip to Torquay last night for the final episode of the BBC's flagship panel programme until September. An audience member in the seaside Devon town took aim at Tory MP Bim Afolami and called on Conservative MPs to "take responsibility" in restoring public trust. Speaking last night, she said: "I just feel that it has got to be more than just putting a new person in and everything is going to be okay because for me it is not." When asked by Ms Bruce what she wanted to happen next, the audience member explained: "So many things have gone wrong, so many things have been put in place that were wrong for years, and I think it is actually taking a bit of responsibility. "You all got to have a confidence vote. "We didn't and it is our country. JUST IN: 'Brexit is safe!' Mordaunt and Sunak allies stress Leave credentials in leadership race "I just think we need to have more respect for you but I think you need to have more respect for us because we're not idiots." Her remarks came after Mr Afolami, who is backing Rishi Sunak in the ongoing leadership contest and was first elected as the MP for Hitchin & Harpenden in 2017, explained why he resigned as Vice Chair of the Conservative Party last week. He said: "The reason why I resigned when I did was that the issue with the former Deputy Chief Whip, I felt that that was an example of some of the similar behaviour that we'd seen and, therefore, I didn't feel that things were getting better and I thought they were not improving. "Therefore, I felt that I should resign and many, many other of my colleagues did so." Despite Mr Afolami's comments, another audience member asked: "How do we trust the Conservative Party with the choice of the next leader?" Even though Mr Johnson won his confidence vote last month, the outgoing Prime Minister said he would quit once the Conservative Party concluded its leadership election to replace him following the resignation of dozens of MPs from his Government. Five MPs remain in the race to succeed Mr Johnson, including ex-Chancellor Rishi Sunak, Trade Minister Penny Mordaunt, Foreign Secretary Liz Truss, ex-Equalities Minister Kemi Badenoch and Tonbridge & Malling MP Tom Tugendhat. Candidates will appear on Channel 4 tonight at 7pm for the first televised debate of the leadership campaign. DON'T MISS:Tory leadership: Shock new Brexiteer poised to announce bid [REVEAL]Tory hopefuls spark hilarity with cringe-worthy campaign videos [VIDEO]Tory Party: Damian Green demands 'next PM has to be Tugendhat' [REPORT] However, Question Time will take a long break over the summer. Ms Bruce and the Question Time team will return to TV screens on September 15 when the show ventures to Birmingham. The BBC's topical debate show will then go to Grimsby on September 22.