Amanda Holden has faced backlash from her social media followers after revealing that she flew to Sicily, Italy, on a private jet. The mother-of-two, 51, made the trip to be reunited with funnyman Alan Carr as she documented the journey on her Instagram. It comes as the comedic duo are filming a new BBC show together, The Italian Job, which sees them purchase a run-down house and renovate it together. Taking to her Instagram, Amanda shared a post in view of her 1.8 million followers letting them know she was jetting off. In her stories, she wrote: "Well! What a treat! "Finally On my way to @chattyman in Sicily..." she added. READ MORE: Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen emotional amid daughter Raven's news The Britain's Got Talent judge went on to share a series of snaps of herself posing on the jet. Donning a patterned blue skirt, Amanda stood in the doorway and smiled for the pics. She also shared a close-up selfie, displaying her flawless complexion. After arriving in the Mediterranean country, the Heart FM radio host confirmed that she had been reunited with her friend. Sharing a snap of her and Alan together, Amanda penned: "Back with this one for a few days @chattyman," alongside an Italian flag emoji. However, after documenting her travels, the star faced backlash from worried followers, expressing concern over global warming. One Instagram user wrote: "Disappointing all these celebs bleat on about saving the planet and then take a private jet." Another added: "That should add nicely to global warming pollutants." DON'T MISS... Demi Rose leaves little to imagination in incredibly tight corset [INSIGHT]Hugh Grant hits out at Priti Patel for 'inhumane' Heathrow conditions [UPDATE]Newlywed Jennifer Lopez, 52, sets pulses racing in racy swimsuit [ANALYSIS] While a third penned: "Blimey, what's the carbon footprint for that?" However, others defended the star, writing: "Amanda getting on a private jet is absolutely nothing in the grand scheme of things." Amanda has since deactivated comments on her post. Three weeks ago, the singer shared a behind-the-sceens snap of herself making the most of her time in the Mediterannean country. Posing in a white bandeau bikini, Amanda showcased her incredible figure while sanding in a street. She captioned the pic: "Hats off to #Sicilly #Theitalianjob I love it here." The star flaunted her stunning curves as she grasped a large, straw hat. Amanda accessorised with aviator sunglasses and simple gold jewellery.