Nick Kyrgios brushed off a question over his troublesome shoulder injury during his on-court interview, joking his best medicine will be a glass of wine. Kyrgios came through a heated battle with Stefanos Tsitsipas at the weekend to progress to the second week of Wimbledon.  That set up a match with American Nakashima, who Kyrgios had never played on the tour before. The 20-year-old was enjoying his best run at a major and looked to be on course for an upset when he won the opening set. Kyrgios didn't look at the races early on and he soon began complaining of a shoulder injury. The Aussie kept grimacing after every shot and soon asked for painkiller from the physio. After receiving treatment a handful of times while sat on his chair, Kyrgios managed to battle through the pain to take a 2-1 lead. But Nakashima wasn't going anywhere and Centre Court were treated to a fith set with the Australian stepping up his game to come through the three-hour slog.  Kyrgios gave little away during his on-court interview about the state of his injury, insisting his experience at Wimbledon got him through in the end. "I played a lot of tennis in the last month and a half," Kyrgios said. "I'm just proud of the way I steadied the ship. "He came firing in the fourth set and his level didn't drop but my five-set record is pretty good. That's what I was thinking about, I've never lost a five-set match here so.  "Honestly that's what I was thinking about. 'I've been here before, I've done it before and I came through again'. When asked about his quarter-final opponent, Kyrgios said: "I'm not even going to think about that. I need a glass of wine for sure tonight." Kyrgios now moves on to the quarter finals where he takes on Garin, who came back from two sets down saved and two match points to beat Alex de Minaur. The Australian tennis ace cut his hand at a crucial point of the fifth set when he had a chance to win the match. A medical timeout was needed for De Minaur and Garin did well to regain his focus and go on to win in a championship tiebreak. 