Starz’s latest hit series P-Valley has viewers enthralled as they tune in each week to watch the drama-filled, strip club set show. Actress Shannon Thornton who plays the fan-favourite Keyshawn revealed why she was jealous of her co-star.  Viewers were introduced to Keyshawn as one of The Pynk’s highly desired dancers who went by her alter ego, Mississippi. While often left clients amazed by her skills and pole tricks, her life at home wasn’t as glamorous. Although the strip club was her profession at night, during the day, she was Keyshawn the mother of two who was stuck in an abusive relationship. In the most recent episode, she finally found the courage to leave, however, her decision means she was met with brutal punishment.  READ MORE: Amanda Owen speaks out on new role ‘Jumped at the chance’ With fans concerned about the character, Keyshawn star Shannon opened up about her co-star Nico Annan who plays the fabulous Uncle Clifford in the series. In her interview with Byrdie, the actress revealed she was jealous of the actors’ glam and props. Shannon disclosed: “I'm always jealous of whatever Uncle Clifford has on. “I'll walk into the trailer and see these beautiful wigs and think, omg, that's my wig!  “And the team would be like, ‘No, it's actually for Uncle Clifford’. “The same thing happens with nails, there would be this stunning glitter set that I think is mine, but it's for Uncle Cliff. “The hair and makeup this season are just so stunning, especially for Clifford I would swap with Nico any day, and he knows it.” Uncle Clifford narrated the entirety of the most recent episode titled ‘White Nights,’ where viewers gained insight into how Keyshawn and her boyfriend Derrick (Jordan Cox) first met. DON'T MISS...Death in Paradise spin-off: Has filming started on Beyond Paradise? [INSIGHT]P-Valley’s Uncle Clifford star opens up on Hailey fall-out [INSIGHT]P-Valley sparks uproar as fans forced to wait for next episode [INSIGHT]  Uncle Clifford star opened up about portraying the fearless owner of The Pynk, in an interview with Huffpost. He stated: “One of the beautiful things about Uncle Clifford is that she’s the kind of person who’s been really blessed enough and has gotten to a stage in her life where she’s been able to create [for herself] a castle of some sorts. “The motif that runs through this season is how we can create towers for ourselves to overlook our kingdoms or to lock ourselves in to get away from the madness of the world. “[Uncle Clifford] is a fierce matriarch. She has the masculine and feminine energy that we all possess. I think that she wears them all interchangeably.”  As for the creator of the show, Katori Hall also paid tribute to the character and stated: “Uncle Clifford shows the world, the haters and the supporters, that you can say what you want to say about me. “You can feel uncomfortable, but I'm gonna be my damn self. “She shows all of us a way of walking authentically in the world.” Hall added: “Uncle Clifford, she's fictional, but she's still so real to so many of us.” P-Valley is available on Starz in the US and available on Starzplay in the UK. 