Ozzy Osbourne has had a successful career in the music industry, leading Black Sabbath until 1979. After leaving the legendary band, he continued his music career and released albums as a solo artist. Ozzy has a huge net worth of $220million (£159million), according to Celebrity Net Worth, and resides in a small Buckinghamshire village. Ozzy and Sharon’s property is situated in the village of Jordans, nestled away on the edge of the Chilterns. It is found in the parish of Chalfont St Giles, once named as one of the most expensive places to live in the UK. Ozzy and Sharon purchased their Grade II listed home back in 1993, called Welders. Jordans is a very popular village, situated 22 miles west of London. READ MORE: Easy ways to clean stubborn stains from grout without bleach It holds the burial place of William Penn, founder of the Province of Pennsylvania. For this reason, it is a popular place with American visitors. Ozzy has largely resided in America, but he reportedly has returned to live at his property permanently with Sharon. He blamed the move on California’s rising tax rate. DON'T MISS:Five ‘natural’ ways to keep mosquitoes at bay - ‘they hate it’ [COMMENT]Elton John’s private life a stone’s throw from Windsor Castle [INSIGHT]Homes Under The Hammer buyer increases house price by £63k - pictures [EXPLAINER] He said: “We are a bit sad. But the tax is getting too much. “I am sad because I really like staying and living there. “If they do the taxes better then I may come back. I do not know.” The pair are also said to have applied for planning permission to refurnish their home. READ MORE: How to water your plants properly in a heatwave - ‘best practise’ Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Ozzy said he was planning to build his own barn at the historic property which will house his recording studio. He is also known to be a frequent at local pubs in the area too. This includes the Royal Standard, which is said to be the oldest pub in the country. Located less than a 15 minute drive from Jordans, the pub has over 800 years of history. Small villages on the outskirts of London are popular with celebrities. Jordans offers residents easy links to the M25 and M40, perfect for trips into London and other big cities. Windsor is also just 12 miles down the road, home to a host of celebrities, including Elton John. The Rocketman singer’s home is called Woodside, located in Old Windsor. He purchased the home back in 1974. Whilst pictures of the inside are kept private, birds-eye views show a huge property with tennis courts and lavish gardens. Elton has long referred to his home as “the hub” which he was thought to purchase for £400,000. He has also described his mansion as “tastefully over the top”.