Ahead of the summer peak period, easyJet has made some changes to its travel rules. Passengers will be able to check in bags the night before if they are on an early morning flight. This could help easyJet passengers avoid some of the travel chaos expected at airports this summer. The budget airline has also recruited extra customer service staff and introduced a hotline for parents with young children. Customer service hours have also been extended with passengers now able to contact the airline between 6am and 11pm. easyJet is expecting to carry over six million passengers this summer and has recruited around 350 new staff. READ MORE: easyJet and Ryanair strikes: Affected airports include Malaga The airline has also stationed head office staff in UK airports to offer passengers additional support. Checking in bags the night before could be a good option for passengers who live or are staying near the airport. However, a BBC Panorama investigation found that easyJet was one of the worst airlines for travel chaos. easyJet and British Airways cancelled the most flights this year with around three out of every hundred departures cut. Jet2 and Ryanair were named the best airlines and cancelled just one in every thousand flights this year. Stansted was one of the best airport options for passengers trying to escape the chaos while Heathrow, Gatwick and Manchester saw the most cancellations. A shortage of essential staff in areas such as baggage, security and check-in has caused delays for passengers. Passengers also need to be careful not to make a mistake when making an easyJet booking as they could be charged. READ MORE: Cruise ships: Onboard jails have ‘no windows’ easyJet said: “When you book to travel with us, the tickets you buy are non-refundable, except set out in the terms and conditions. “However, we do understand that sometimes plans change and you may need to amend your booking.” Spelling mistakes will not be charged but passengers will be charged £49 for cancelling a flight within 24 hours. They will be charged £49 to change the name of a passenger on a flight while making a flight change more than 45 days before departure will cost £25 per passenger. Passengers with a cancelled flight are entitled to new flights on their intended day of travel even if the only available seat is on a rival airline. Passengers whose flight is cancelled with less than two weeks’ notice could be entitled to cash compensation. The amount of compensation will vary based on the length of the cancelled flight and whether it is the airline’s fault. Britons should contact their airline if they believe they are owed cash compensation.