Barcelona head coach Xavi has been denied access to the US for the La Liga club's pre-season tour. The Spanish press report that the former midfielder has not been allowed to enter the country for visa-related reasons. Barca have travelled to the United States to continue their preparations for the upcoming Spanish season. But they will apparently have to work without their head coach in unusual circumstances. Before returning to the Catalan outfit, Xavi managed Al-Sadd in Saudi Arabia. The club visited Iran three times during the 42-year-old's time in charge and that has apparently not been looked upon favourably by US immigration forces. Tensions between the US and Iran are high and have escalated over the last few years. Spanish broadcaster TV3 have claimed that Xavi has sensationally been denied a visa to enter the US. It strikes a major blow into Barca's plans ahead of the new campaign. JUST IN: Tottenham players involved in feisty half-time exchange v Sevilla Xavi's side are due to play several fixtures in the country over the next two weeks. They face David Beckham's Inter Miami on Wednesday before a feisty El Clasico clash against Real Madrid. Barcelona will also meet European rivals Juventus before rounding off their trip against New York Red Bulls. To not have their manager is not ideal, especially as this is Xavi's first pre-season in his job, having replaced Ronald Koeman in November last year. The former Spain international might have hoped to run the rule over new signing Raphinha. The Brazilian winger has been signed from Leeds in a £65million transfer, with Barca beating the likes of Premier League sides Chelsea and Arsenal to the purchase. DON'T MISS...Man Utd ‘ready to pay Frenkie de Jong even more money’ in new approachMan Utd’s offer for De Jong ‘has expiration date’ in new updateMan Utd respond to claims Frenkie de Jong ‘doesn’t want to come' Barca will also hope to thrash out a deal to send Frenkie de Jong to Manchester United over the next couple of weeks. De Jong is intent on remaining at Barca, but the club are desperate to sell in an effort to balance their finances. The Dutch midfielder has travelled to the US as part of the Barca squad for their pre-season tour. But he has been a top target for Red Devils boss Erik ten Hag ever since De Jong's former Ajax manager's appointment was confirmed in May. United and Barca have agreed a deal in the region of £75m for the 25-year-old and are waiting for De Jong to make a decision. It has been speculated that the player is waiting on Barca to pay wages that were deferred from the Coronavirus pandemic. Barca are reportedly set to sign striker Robert Lewandowski from Bayern Munich. They may need De Jong to depart to make space in their wage bill.