Chloe Madeley, 35, has said that she no longer “feels safe” in London after she both witnessed and became the victim of crimes in the capital. In a statement shared to her 252,000 Instagram followers, Chloe said that she has had two cars stolen over the past year and witnessed four “armed muggings”. She penned: “In the last seven or eight months I have had two (locked and further protected) cars stolen and witnessed four armed muggings in London. All of the above in broad daylight.“Three muggings happened in one day. The fourth, a man had a machete pulled on him outside a gym, a gym that is located right next to a police station.“I don’t need to mention the far more horrifying, far more high-profile cases (and handling of said cases) that have come to pass in the last two years.”Chloe went on to criticise the Metropolitan Police for “doing one job” and “pulling motorists over for doing 25mph in a 20mph zone”. READ MORE:Meghan and Harry's appearance 'paint a thousand words' claims host The personal trainer continued: “To say I don’t feel safe in London anymore is hugely understating it.”“I am not anti-police. I am pro police making civilians feel safe again.’Chloe concluded by pleading with the Met Police and Mayor Of London to “do better quicker”.The Metropolitan Police and Mayor Of London have been contacted for comment. Earlier this year, Richard Madeley opened up about Chloe’s ordeal when her car was “stolen off the driveway” and claimed that the police didn’t investigate.While Richard was presenting Good Morning Britain in April, he said: “We all have a story to tell. My daughter’s car was stolen off the driveway of our home in London about two months ago.“She reported it, she got a crime number, and about 10 minutes later she got a call from the police saying that they weren’t going to investigate it any further because they had nothing to go on. And that was that!“You know, an expensive car taken and no investigation, no number plate recognition put out, it was just basically filed away.” DON'T MISSCarol Kirkwood broke down in tears on BBC amid split from husband[INSIGHT]Lorraine offers support to Kate Garraway as Derek's health takes turn[LATEST]Monty Don addresses Gardeners' World shake-up after change[NEWS] Chloe’s statement comes as she is pregnant with her first child with her rugby player husband, James Haskell. Chloe is now in the later stages of her pregnancy as she approaches her due date on August 7.Appearing on Loose Women last month, grandfather-to-be Richard said he was particularly excited because Chloe is having a girl.He told the panellists: “There's something about your daughter having a little girl, it shouldn't make a difference, but it kind of does." Richard added that he loves being a grandparent because having children is “like a house” and having grandchildren is “like getting an extension on it”.He joked: “It’s somewhere new to go and you can always give them back.”Richard and wife Judy Finnigan already have one grandson, Kit, who was born in 2018 to their son Jack and his wife Issy.Judy’s son from her previous marriage, Tom, also has two daughters: Ivy, eight, and Edith, four.