Arsenal have been urged to sign both Youri Tielemans and Lucas Paqueta as Mikel Arteta bids to strengthen his squad. Tielemans and Paqueta are two of the Gunners' top targets for the final weeks of the summer transfer window, which has seen four players already arrive at the Emirates Stadium. And former Gunners star Mikael Silvestre believes that the duo would make perfect additons to Arteta's team. The Frenchman has told Arsenal to push through their efforts to sign both players ready for the new season, though raised concerns about their other bits of business. "Both Youri Tielemans and Lucas Paqueta are very good midfield players who have been performing well. They have the qualities to play for Arsenal. They could be good signings and they suit Arsenal’s style of play," he told Lord Ping. "Gabriel Jesus is a good addition for Arsenal, but I still don’t see him as a top goal-scorer or a finisher. He’s got so much to his game but right now he’ll just have to try and replace Aubameyang or Lacazette. READ MORE: Arsenal icons in agreement on Arteta 'failure' and set Conte challenge "It’s going to take him time to become that number nine because at City, they had Aguero and he didn’t establish himself when he left as the main number nine. I hope Gabriel stays at Arsenal because he was looking good. "It’s important to have two centre-backs to work together, so it’d be a big loss for Arsenal if he does leave. I like Rob Holding but he’s not up to the same level as Gabriel and he wouldn’t be as strong with Ben White at centre-back." DON'T MISS: Arsenal 'prioritising Zinchenko deal' after missing out on Martinez (TRANSFERS)Mikel Arteta's plan for Levi Colwill if Chelsea sell ace to Arsenal (NEWS)Chelsea could deal huge Arsenal blow as Gabriel 'open' to £40m exit (INSIGHT) Silvestre also warned Arteta that he needed to ensure Arsenal finished above Tottenham to avoid coming under pressure. The Gunners handed a top four spot to Spurs last year, but Silvestre believes that cannot be allowed to happen again. "Mikel Arteta is still a young manager but he definitely needs to finish above Antonio Conte next season. If you measure the achievement of qualifying for the Champions League, then [Gallas] is probably right to say he did fail last season but we need to remember where they started, where they finished the season before and how hard the beginning of the season was," he added.