Ice lollies are the perfect sweet treat to enjoy in the sweltering summer sun but they can be hard to find in shops when a heatwave hits. As temperatures of more than 40C blast parts of the country, freezers in some Lidl and Tesco stores have been left completely empty. Luckily these refreshing snacks are easy to make at home, and all you need is fruit, water and plenty of lolly sticks to hold the frozen juices in place. Fruity ice lollies can be made using anything from whole fruits to squash or juice, and these are the best recipes to try at home. Mixed-fruit juice popsicles are the easiest and quickest way to whip up a frozen treat, and require just five affordable ingredients. To fill 12 paper cups worth of the fruit mixture, you will need: If you use sweetened juices, you don’t need to add the sugar to the mixture. READ MORE: Heatwave UK: The vegetable to 'never' eat during hot weather Bring the water and sugar to a boil in a large saucepan, and reduce the heat once it starts to bubble. Leave it to simmer while occasionally stirring the liquid until the sugar has dissolved. After around three to four minutes, remove it from the heat and stir in the fruit juices. Fill the cups to just over three-quarters full and cover with cling film or tin foil. Make a small slit in the covering and position the sticks in place. Place the lollies in the freezer for a minimum of three hours. You can keep homemade popsicles for up to six weeks when stored in an airtight container or freezer bag. Frozen smoothies are a great way to pack in a few of your five a day without compromising on the sweet taste of an ice lolly. To make six blended lollies, Liana’s Kitchen recommended using: Once the ingredients are all measured out and chopped up, simply place them all in a blender and blend until smooth. The pink mixture is then ready to pour into six small plastic cups or lolly containers and ready to freeze. If you are using plastic cups, you will need to cover them with tin foil or cling film before placing the sticks into the liquid. Lianas Kitchen said: “Transfer them to a freezer and leave them for at least four hours, or if you can, overnight. “When you are ready to eat them remove them from the freezer and briefly run under some warm water to loosen the lid enough to remove it.” DON'T MISS:Diabetes type 2: Avoid ice lollies and condiments as summer approaches [INSIGHT]Deliveroo slams brakes on growth [LATEST]Diabetes: Summer foods that could spike blood sugar [ANALYSIS]  Fruit juice can be replaced with creamy ingredients like milk and custard to make a more indulgent ice lolly. While some Tesco stores may be low on products to buy from the freezer, their “mouthwatering” recipe for peaches and cream lollies is not to be missed. To make eight lollies, you will need the following ingredients: Start by combining the sugar and water in a pan over medium heat until it starts to boil. Stir until the sugar has dissolved before reducing the heat and adding the fruit. Cover with a lid and simmer for 10 minutes, or until the fruit is soft but still solid. Remove the fruit with a slotted spoon and set it aside to cool a little before peeling. The cooled fruit can then be blended with the reserved syrup left in the pan. Add the lemon juice at this point and whizz until smooth. In a separate jug, combine the custard and condensed milk and spoon generously into each cup or lolly mould. On top of the custard mixture, add a large spoonful of the fruit purée, and continue to alternate layers until the mixture runs out. Position a lolly stick into each mould and freeze until solid (around four hours).