Households on lower incomes will struggle to pay for their gas and electricity, while many people who previously felt a degree of financial security will also worry about the cost of heating their homes. It is only natural to look to the Government for support in times like these, especially perhaps if you have been working hard and paying into the system for many years. However, the scale of the problem presents a huge challenge for our politicians. It requires bold and imaginative thinking from whoever becomes the next Prime Minister. With the Conservative leadership contest in its third week, the two rival candidates must continue to explain what they would do to ensure people in this country are able to pay their fuel bills. It’s certainly true that governments can’t solve every problem. We can’t wish away the impact on prices caused by the Covid pandemic and Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, and nobody wants politicians to promise the earth when it can’t be delivered. But there is a sensible debate to be had about issues such as VAT on fuel, National Insurance and income tax thresholds. Our potential leaders must be honest. They must also show they understand the seriousness of the situation and the need for action to help struggling families. As the Stroke Association says, it is shocking that stroke victims are being denied treatment to prevent them suffering life-changing disabilities. Experts say a technique known as mechanical thrombectomy allows many patients to recover quickly and return to living a normal life, when without it they may require months of therapy to have any hope of walking or talking again. It’s a fantastic example of the way new medical technology can change lives for the better. But 10 years after it was developed, it is still not widely used in our NHS. It would actually save the health service millions of pounds, by reducing the need for long-term care. Making it more widely available should be a priority. Those who have welcomed Ukrainian refugees into their homes really are the best of British. This country promised to provide a safe haven for people fleeing Russian dictator Vladimir Putin’s brutal invasion. And the warm welcome shown to more than 100,000 refugees shows that we’ve been as good as our word. It’s exactly the right thing to do. We hope every Ukrainian enjoys their stay as best they can, and that peace returns to their country soon.