Carter has been frank about the toll the failure of her first marriage had on her. The Wonder Woman star described her first marriage with talent manager Ron Samuels as an “unfortunate chapter”. She met Samuels in 1977 but divorced in 1982, which she says sparked decades of alcoholism.  She told the Daily Mail last year: “I’ve been in recovery for 23 years. “And I didn’t even start drinking till I was in my mid-20s.” Her addiction, which has fluctuated over the years, saw her enter rehabilitation during her marriage with the late Robert Altman. She added: “I would stop drinking for two or three years, then start again and it just felt terrible. That was a long time ago and now I’m very happy.” READ MORE: Cancer warning: Popular UK drink can cause 'several types' of cancer - 'strong agreement' [CANCER]   “And as I looked back I seemed to be more inebriated than other people. You think you’re keeping it from everyone but the people that are around you, they know.” There are many possible underlying causes, ranging from genetic factors, which may make someone more susceptible to addiction, and social factors. In his book In the Realm of Hungry Ghosts: Close Encounters with Addiction, the famous psychologist Dr Gabor Mate says: “It is impossible to understand addiction without asking what relief the addict finds, or hopes to find, in the drug or the addictive behaviour.” READ MORE: Prostate cancer: 10 symptoms of a growing tumour – 'contact your doctor'   The mental health treatment provider The Priory Group, suggests that “stressful life events”, such as bereavement and losing a job are linked to alcohol addiction. It explains: “In a similar way to untreated mental health conditions, the stress and trauma that surround these types of events may lead individuals to self-medicate with alcohol, which can lead to the development of a harmful addiction.” In the UK, treatment is available through the NHS to help tackle the underlying causes of addiction and help to stop the habit in its tracks.  As well as offering “brief intervention” sessions to help reduce consumption immediately, the health organisation also can refer people with addiction to talk therapy. During cognitive behavioural therapy and additional counselling sessions, people will understand the beliefs and thoughts that underpin their addiction. Those with addiction may also choose to participate in self-help groups, such as Alcoholics Anonymous, get additional counselling or cognitive behavioural (talk therapy). 