Thor Bjornsson has warned Tyson Fury that he can’t take it easy if they agree to fight and believes he can cause ‘The Gypsy King’ problems. Bjornsson and Fury have been rumoured to face each other in an exhibition bout later this year. Bjornsson recently claimed that he had been in talks with Fury’s team about a potential fight. But the heavyweight champion’s promoter Frank Warren confirmed to Express Sport recently that conversations won’t take place until the Mancunian finishes his nationwide retirement tour. "There’s lots of things being said at the moment but to be honest nothing has been done,” said Warren. “Nothing will be done until I sit down with him. He’s got his tour at the moment, so he’s travelling around the country. Once that’s done in a couple of weeks’ time, he has a little break in-between, so we will sit down then and have a chat." Talking about the fight during a recent interview with iFL TV, Bjornsson sent Fury a fresh X-rated warning, saying: “I can tell you that if it would happen, I would gladly step into the ring and I would gladly fight him. I’ve said that since day one, people have asked me ‘would you fight Tyson Fury’ and I’ve always said ‘yes’. It would be a huge honour for me to fight the best heavyweight boxer in the world and an amazing experience for myself. “Would I get beat? Probably. But I would not give a f*** I would do my best and who f***ing knows, I’m f***ing strong and my punches hurt. So, if it would happen he better be ready, he can’t take it easy because I’m a warrior, I’m a Viking and I’m going all in if it happens.” When asked whether he thinks he can cause Fury problems, Bjornsson replied: “Nothing is impossible, if you have that mindset at least. If you have a mindset of a champion anything is possible. I don’t care who it is, I know people are going to hate on this by me saying this but I don’t give a f***. MORE BOXING NEWS... Chris Eubank Jr may not 'stick' to Conor Benn clause as another fight Joshua makes coach admission after picking 'bad boy' for Usyk rematch Fury and Warren sent desperate message by Derek Chisora after fallout “I don’t care who it is I would always do my best and go into each and every fight with the belief of a win. Obviously, if it is to happen I’m going against one of the best of all time, one of the best at heavyweight. It would be extremely challenging for sure but never say never, never doubt yourself, never doubt your ability to succeed and be a champion.”