Roger Federer has won eight Wimbledon titles, with Novak Djokovic winning six in comparison. But the All-England club could soon have a new champion, with Nick Kyrgios one match away from glory. A fascinating day of tennis action awaits, with the controversial Australian hoping to win the first Grand Slam of his career. Kyrgios is a polarising figure within tennis, with some fans welcoming his chaotic approach and others despising it. But, whatever you think of the 27-year-old, there’s no denying he deserves immense credit for making the first Wimbledon final of his career. And one person who has always had a good relationship with Kyrgios is former champion Federer, who will likely be tuning in to Sunday’s final. The duo had an epic showdown back in 2017 at the Miami Open, with Federer reigning supreme. And he hailed Kyrgios after that match, insisting the Australian had pushed him all the way and labelling him a ‘great player’. “Thank you guys, that was a nice atmosphere,” he said at the time. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “It’s a great feeling to play like this, and it was close from the beginning. He’s on such a good run, he’s such a great player, so it was a special feeling. “I kept fighting and believing, tried to stay aggressive … it was a nailbiter and could have gone either way. “Here we go again: six sets against Nick and six breakers. “I tried to stay positive and it was worthwhile to stay … the atmosphere only got more epic.” Then, in 2018, Federer opened up on Kyrgios twice. In January that year, he tipped the Aussie for a bright future after the Australian was narrowly defeated by world No 3 Grigor Dimitrov. "I thought Nick was serving unbelievable again and Grigor was doing an unbelievable job of staying with him,” he said. "He was playing very well, I was impressed at Grigor's grit of staying in there with him for as long as he did. “It was a tough match and I'm sure we can expect more. Now we’ll see what happens. "Davis Cup's next for him (but) it's not one match or one week -- it's every week of the year. So I'm excited to see what's next for Nick now." That same year, Federer paid Kyrgios the ultimate compliment by revealing he was a ‘fan’ of the 27-year-old. "I'm a fan, really," he said of Kyrgios. "He plays very relaxedly, just like me when I was young. "Fortunately, I changed then, so I could become really successful. “But it's good to have guys like him on the tour. With him it's more about being focused to motivate himself again, doing the same on every point." Federer has also previously said Kyrgios’ serve is one of his biggest attributes, in words Djokovic would be wise to take on board. "No, because he likes the big stage. He's got nothing to lose, no fear, and he's got a great game,” he said. “He can rely on his serve so much. It keeps him in the match regardless of how he plays from the baseline. “He's got a wonderful serve, good potential, so I hope he keeps working hard and that he can compete for the best spots in tennis." Now, the onus is on Kyrgios to show he belongs in the Grand Slam club. Beating Djokovic certainly won’t be easy but, having beaten the Serb twice in as many matches, it promises to be a cracker of an event.