Cricket legend Freddie Flintoff was left less than impressed with the broadcaster after he saw the wording they had used in a press release about his new show. Freddie’s Field of Dreams on the BBC sees the star teach kids from his hometown how to play cricket regardless of their background. Freddie is determined to prove anyone can play the game regardless of their background as the team will train to go head-to-head with a local private school. Although, when the press release about the show came out, he wasn’t impressed with the wording the BBC had decided to use. Freddie explained: "I thought it was disrespectful as well. "Underprivileged is like a buzzword. It’s almost like clickbait."  The Top Gear host added to the Sunday Times: “When the press release was put out and the kids were up in arms over it, I could not defend it. “They just need a chance, some of these lads. They need somebody to back them.” Following the backlash, the wording on the promotional material has since been changed to "reluctant". breaking records on the cricket pitch.  He said: “It’s like Lenny Henry being known for the Premier Inn adverts or Gary Lineker for his crisps. "It doesn’t annoy me because I never wanted to be famous.” The 44-year-old revealed last week to The Mirror hat he had been offered a scholarship in his youth but turned it down to stay at his local school. Explaining his decision, he said: “I didn’t want to be the poor kid at a posh school.  “It was the best decision I ever made. “It was such a good grounding, I wouldn’t swap it. “I won the lottery of life with my family. We didn’t have much, but for love and support, we couldn’t have had more.” In the first episode of Freddie’s Field of Dreams, viewers saw Freddie meet 15-year-old Sean and 17-year-old Ammar.   The two boys, along with others in the team, have a lot to learn before competing against teams that have been playing against each other for years. With some of them having never picked up a cricket bat before, they only have a few weeks of chaotic training to try and prove they’ve got what it takes. Freddie Flintoff’s Field of Dreams is available on BBC One. 