Former Formula One boss Bernie Ecclestone was a guest on Piers Morgan Uncensored on TalkTV. During the interview, he launched a fresh attack on Lewis Hamilton, following calls for him to be censored after sharing comments on the racism row with Nelson Piquet. Lewis Hamilton was thrown into the spotlight after quotes from Nelson Piquet’s conversation about the athlete resurfaced. Following Hamilton’s crash with Max Verstappen at Silverstone in 2021, Piquet used the N-word to describe him during an interview. Diverting the attention away from the weekend’s British Grand Prix, Piquet apologised and insisted his words did not carry any racist intent. After it was revealed Piquet would be banned from the F1 paddock, his friend Bernie Ecclestone appeared on Good Morning Britain to defend the Brazilian driver. READ MORE: America’s Got Talent: viewers left in tears after ‘emotional’ audition Ecclestone disclosed: “I've known Nelson for an awful long time. I was with him a couple of weeks ago. It's not the sort of thing Nelson would say meaning something bad. "He probably thinks lots of things he says which might upset us or might feel a little bit offensive.... to him it's nothing. It's just part of conversation.” He added: "Nelson would never go out of his way to say anything bad, certainly. “I think what probably happened, knowing Nelson as I know him, as his daughter is the girlfriend of Max Verstappen, probably after seeing the accident, he probably exploded and carried that forward.” When questioned about his friend’s use of the N-word, Ecclestone responded: "Well it's probably not appropriate with us but probably it isn't something terrible that happens if you said that in Brazil. “People say things, if people happen to be a little bit overweight, or undersized like me, I'm quite sure a lot of people have made remarks about that. “If I'd have heard it, I'd have been able to deal with it myself without too much trouble.” He added: "I'm surprised Lewis hasn't just brushed it aside. Or, better than that, replied. But he's now come out and Nelson has apologised." DON'T MISS...'Whatever I said I meant' Bernie Ecclestone defends Putin remark  [VIDEO]Lewis Hamilton responds to 'irrelevant' Ecclestone and Piquet [LATEST]F1 statement on Ecclestone claim he'd 'take a bullet for Putin' [UPDATE] However, Hamilton saw things differently and took to Twitter to write: “It's more than language, these archaic mindsets need to change and have no place in our sport. ”I've been surrounded by these attitudes and targeted my whole life. There has been plenty of time to learn. Time has come for action.” As a result, Ecclestone shared his response to Hamilton on Piers Morgan’s Uncensored, where he was asked if he still stood behind his comments. Morgan asked: “How can you defend Nelson Piquet, for calling Lewis Hamilton the N word? And how can you dismiss what Lewis Hamilton says as nonsense when he's clearly as the only main black driver in Formula One. “Why on earth? Would you not have any empathy for his about having to be called this?” Ecclestone replied: “I gave a coloured driver the first in Formula One… I pulled things out of South Africa. “I have probably done as much for anybody about racism, which I'm anti, anti, anti. I can honestly say and I've said it before, I've never met a coloured person that I felt I don’t like.”   Morgan hit back slamming Ecclestone’s use of language: “Even the language you're using now Bernie will be inflammatory to people because you talk about people of colour or black people but they don't use that phrase of ‘coloured people’ because when Lewis Hamilton's response to that would be you got to move with the times and use the language that is less inflammatory. Do you understand that?” He went on to rage: “Nelson Piquet with his stature in the sport, uses that way to describe Lewis Hamilton I think is completely outrageous and completely unacceptable. “And what you should be doing as Bernie Ecclestone, probably the most famous person associated with the sport outside of drivers. “You should be condemning it not supporting it in the same way that when it comes to Vladimir Putin, your friend waging an illegal war in Ukraine, you should be attacking that and condemning him, not defending him and saying you take a bullet for him. “It's no surprise to me Bernie that your comments this morning caused outrage and I think when people watch our interview, they're going to feel more outrage because they're going to think you just don't get it.” The 91-year-old answered: “I forgot what I said, but whatever I said I meant, good or bad.” Morgan asked: “What is your response to what Lewis Hamilton said, Bernie?” “A complete load of rubbish,” Ecclestone replied. “I’m not racist, quite the opposite actually and to say things like that is completely crazy.” Piers Morgan Uncensored on TalkTV, Monday to Thursday, 8pm (Sky 526, Virgin Media 627, Freeview 237, Freesat 217 and Sky Glass 508) and live and on demand on the TalkTV app and at Talk.TV