Conor Benn has come out and dispelled recent reports that a fight with Chris Eubank Jr has been ‘sealed’. Rumours began to arise yesterday that a super-fight between the sons of former rivals Nigel Benn and Chris Eubank Sr was set for Autumn of this year. Gareth A. Davies and Adam Catterall of talkSPORT revealed during an appearance on the radio station that they had received intel that the fight is signed and will take place at a 155-pound catchweight limit. “From what we’re hearing from our sources throughout the course of the week and despite promoters trying to put you off the scent of various things, this fight is quite a long way down the line of happening and will hopefully happen in the autumn of this year,” said Catterall Davies then added: “I’m happy to say that this fight is going ahead. I’m not announcing it obviously because it’s not my prerogative to do that, but my understanding is this fight is sealed. “I understand he’s [Eubank Jr] going to come down to 155 pounds, that’s what I’m hearing. It’s going to be made at about 155 pounds so he’s going to have to lose a little bit of weight to have that fight. For me Eubank is the favourite.” But despite Davies and Catterall’s insistence, Benn and promoter Eddie Hearn claim that negotiations have not even begun. When asked whether he is fighting Eubank Jr next during an interview with iFL TV, Benn responded: “No, not that I’m aware of. I swear I saw something that said they were adamant I was fighting Mikey Garcia, where did they pull that one from? It’s nice though because they keep my name in their mouths.” MORE BOXING NEWS...  Joshua new coach will 'humble' Brit as AJ backed for 'big win' vs Usyk Thor Bjornsson issues latest challenge to ‘afraid’ Tyson Fury Fury names only way he will come out of retirement for Joshua fight Before Hearn added: “There are no negotiations, we are not close to a Eubank fight. Of course, listen, that fight is always massive, I’m talking to Kalle [Sauerland] this week but our focus is on other fights other than Eubank. I’m not saying we wouldn’t take that fight but that’s not close and it’s not on the horizon.” Benn’s next fight is expected to be announced by the end of this week. Keith Thurman and Mikey Garcia were among the possible names when speculation initially arose, however, with Garcia recently announcing his retirement that fight is almost certainly off the table. Hearn recently confirmed ‘The Destroyer’ will be back in action in September.