Claimants can request an advance payment if they are in financial hardship, while they are waiting for their first payment. This may be a welcome boost for those struggling to cover their essentials, such as paying rent or buying food. People can also apply for an advance if they are already being paid Universal Credit and a change in circumstances means that they are to be paid a larger amount. Applications can be made by speaking to a Jobcentre Plus work coach, through the claimant’s online account or by the Universal Credit helpline. People can apply online on the ‘apply for an advance’ section of the account. This can only be done if a person is within their first assessment period and has had an interview at the Jobcentre. Those who have passed their first assessment period will need to call the helpline to apply. When applying online, the amount that a person can claim will be shown on the screen. READ MORE: State pension payments could stop for thousands in months - act now A person who has a partner will be asked if their partner agrees to receive the advance. Those who opt to apply through their work coach or the helpline will need to explain why they need the advance. They will also have to provide bank account details for where the money should be paid and have their identity verified at the Jobcentre. The decision about the advance application will usually be issued the same day. People can get up to 100 percent of their Universal Credit payment paid in advance. However, claimants may want to note that receiving an advance payment does mean that they will have to pay back the funds. DON'T MISS:Lloyds and Halifax to close another 66 bank branches - see full list [REVEAL]Best savings account UK: The top 10 easy-access accounts [GUIDE]Pensioners could be eligible for top up worth £3,300 plus £650 payment [INSIGHT] This can be done either as a deduction from future payments or by other means. Those who are no longer on Universal Credit can pay back an advance from their income or from another benefit that they are receiving. Claimants who apply online will be shown on screen the repayment amounts depending on what repayment period they choose. For people who apply by phone, the helpline adviser will assess if they can afford to repay the advance. If the adviser agrees to the advance, they will tell the person over the phone how much they can have. They will also inform them of the monthly repayment amounts and when the first repayment will be due. Deductions are taken from the monthly Universal Credit payment, with the first deduction applying to the first payment. READ MORE: State Pension fail - if you make this mistake you will get NOTHING when you turn 66 Claimants who have requested the advance ahead of a new claim will usually pay back the advance within 24 months if they apply on or after April 12, 2021, or within 12 months if they applied before April 12, 2021. People who apply for the advance as their circumstances have changed will usually have six months to pay back the money. Repayments can be delayed if a person cannot currently afford them. They can be delayed for three months if the advance is for a new claim and by one month if it is because a person’s situation has changed. This will only be granted in exceptional circumstances. People may be refused an advance if they have not had their identity checked or if they have enough money to last until their next Universal Credit payment. An application may also be refused if the claimant lives with parents, relatives or friends or if they have final earnings or redundancy payments. Individuals may also be turned down if they have savings that they can access. People can request that the decision is reconsidered but there is no right to appeal. Advances must still be repaid even if a person stops receiving Universal Credit. When a person moves off benefits, they will receive a letter telling them how much they owe. They will be required to contact the DWP Debt Management Contact Centre to arrange a repayment structure. For those who do not set up a repayment plan, the DWP can recover the funds by talking to their employer, to arrange deductions from their wages. The department may alternatively ask an independent debt collection agency to collect the money. In this case, the individual should deal with the debt collector to sort out the repayment. The DWP Debt Management contact centre can be contacted on 0800 916 0647.