Christine McGuinness, 34, has announced she has split from her husband Paddy McGuinness, 48, after 11 years of marriage. The news of their separation comes after rife speculation the couple were having marriage difficulties. Taking to Instagram stories today, Christine issued a joint statement from the couple adding it was a "difficult decision". The news comes after the couple went on a make or break holiday with their three children. They penned: "We hadn't planned on sharing this publicly until we were ready but after the lack of privacy surrounding our personal life, we felt we were left with no other option. "A while ago we took the difficult decision to separate but our main focus is always to continue loving and supporting our children. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry's appearance 'paint a thousand words' claims host "This was not an easy decision to make but we're moving forward as the best parents we can be for our three beautiful children." It continued: "We'll always be a loving family, we still have a great relationship and still live happily in our family home together. "We hope this now draws a line under anymore unwanted and unnecessary intrusion into our private life." They finished: "Although we work in the public eye, we ask kindly if you could respect our wishes for privacy on this matter. We'll be making no further comment. "Loads of love. Paddy & Christine." Paddy has also shared the statement via his own Instagram account. Just hours before their announcement, the couple had taken to the picture-sharing site and posted a holiday snap together. The couple had originally planned to take their kids – Felicity, Penelope and Leo – to Spain, but those plans were scuppered due to issues with Felicity’s passport. DON'T MISS... Britney Spears writhes around topless in 11 naked pics[LATEST]Carol Kirkwood on losing her cool as she talks 'road rage'[ADMISSION]Little Mix’s Jade Thirlwall says thieves 'stole' phone during holiday[INSTAGRAM] Instead, the family headed to Centre Parcs in Sherwood Forest and shared beaming snaps on social media. Christine shared a snap of herself on the trip and made a pun about the "birds and bees". She wrote: “Well that was Tree-mendous. We stayed amongst the trees, with the birds and the bees.” Paddy penned: “Yes! We finally got away for our family holiday! “After discovering three days before we were due to fly our youngest daughter's passport had expired, our holiday to Spain had to be cancelled. “We’d been telling the kids all about it, especially the airport part, so to suddenly change plans wasn’t easy! Mums and dads with autistic children will know exactly what I mean.” Paddy said that his children “absolutely loved” staying in a big tree house and enjoying a full week of activities.