Martelle made her first appearance as businesswoman Suzy Merton on Emmerdale back in March this year and her character has many links to the village. This is not the first time viewers will have seen the ITV soap star featured on a television drama as the actress has her name credited to a fair few projects. However, it seems she doesn't age as the actress has looked similar in a lot of roles she has taken on. It is known in the world of the weeknight serial drama that Martelle's character Suzy is 35 years old as she was born on September 29, 1986. If she stays in the village for a few more months, she will be celebrating her 36th birthday but she might have a fair few enemies at that point given her secret connection to Holly Barton has been revealed. However, in real life, it is actually not known exactly how old the actress is as her birthday has not been reported. According to the agency she is contracted to, Alex Priestly Talent, she is willing and open to playing any character between the ages of 30 and 40. With this in mind, it is very likely Martelle is roughly around the same age as her alter-ego is on the action-packed drama. READ MORE: Carol Vorderman distracts fans with 'annoying' habit Suzy is not the first soap character the actress has embodied as it seems she has become quite a few characters whilst being in her 30s. Back in 2018, she took on the role of a court clerk at Anna Windass' (played by Debbie Rush) court case on Coronation Street. Just a year later, she was back on the cobbles as a talent scout who was trying to get Kirk Sutherland (Andy Whyment) signed to their books. Last year, Martelle appeared as police family liaison officer Alison Wray in the fallout of the murder of Seb Franklin (Harry Visinoni). Martelle has also had a few great appearances in shows such as Hollyoaks and Doctors, as well as staple drama series such as Cold Feet. However, starring as a regular character on Emmerdale has been a dream come true as the Yorkshire-born actress has been able to work at the studios just a stone's throw away from her old stomping ground. Speaking about the moment she got the call to say she had been cast, Martelle said: "I literally dropped to my knees and let out a few expletives, as you do. "I was absolutely over the moon and overjoyed. What actor from Yorkshire doesn’t want to work on Emmerdale? "I think it’s one of those dream jobs. I am from Yorkshire and I live in Leeds and it’s just on my doorstep, it’s perfect! "My feet haven’t quite touched the ground yet, I’m still on this massive cloud high up in the sky, but it’s been going really, really good," she told Express.co.uk and other media. DON'T MISS...Lucy Pargeter struggled to breath for 11 years due to ‘toxic’ breasts [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Michelle Hardwick 'shocks' with unexpected career ambition [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Joanne Mitchell shares delight at playing 'baddy' Sandra [COMMENT] "It's just like a family, and it sounds so cliché but it really is and everyone is so lovely and welcoming and helps you settle in really nicely," the soap star added. At the time of her introduction to the show, Martelle also described her character Suzy and the impact she would have on the village. The soap star explained: "Suzy is like a whirlwind of fun, she’s very confident and runs her own business. “She’s confident and gregarious and fun to be around. She doesn’t take any nonsense at the same time and she likes to get what she wants. “She’s a really fun character to play so I’m looking forward to all the different stuff that’s coming up for her," she continued. Over the past few months, however, Suzy's life has crumbled as it was revealed she was connected to Holly Barton's (Sophie Powles) death. Having arrived with a drug habit, the newcomer explained to Leyla Harding (Roxy Shahidi) that she used to work with Holly. On the evening the young woman died, Suzy had given her money to buy drugs and this is what she used to her hands on the heroin which resulted in her overdose. In scenes airing earlier this week, Moira Barton (Natalie J Robb) discovered the truth about her daughter's last hours. It seems Suzy's romance with Vanessa Woodfield (Michelle Hardwick) is also over after all the lies and this is a shame as Martelle thought they would get on. The soap star explained ahead of her first appearance on the show: "I think Suzy is pleasantly surprised with Vanessa. "She’s got something about her that Suzy likes and she’s not quite sure what as yet. But there is definitely an attraction there. "So there is potential for something romantic," she detailed so there is every chance Suzy and Vanessa could make another go of things. It is not yet known if the end of Martelle's time in the village is on the horizon or if she will be sticking around for a while yet. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.