Just when you thought there were already enough smartphones on sale another device is about to be unleashed and it could seriously shake up the market. Fledgling technology brand Nothing will officially unveil its new Phone (1) on Tuesday, July 12 and it looks set to offer Android lovers something totally unique. Although full details won't be released until this week's launch event has taken place, Nothing has already teased a whole swathe of features that will certainly help to make it stand out from the crowd. Perhaps the most striking difference is the way this phone looks with Nothing opting for a design that features a clear rear panel so users can peer inside and see what's going on under the hood. This styling has also allowed Nothing to add an upgrade called the Glyph Interface to its Phone (1). This technology uses lights embedded under the see-through panel to reveal different alerts such as who is calling or sending text messages. These lights also show the charging status without needing to unlock and look at the screen. Other features that have been revealed in images released by Nothing include a dual-lens camera and wireless charging. Along with its radical design on the outside, Nothing has also given fans a glimpse of how things will look when the power button is tapped with the firm launching a unique version of Android called Nothing OS. This brings an appearance that features striking black wallpapers and a digital-style font along with something called Max Icons and Max Folders which is a new experience for Android. If you're wondering where Nothing has come from and why Samsung might be looking over its shoulder there's a simple answer. This brand, which launched a pair of wireless earbuds last year, is the brainchild of tech entrepreneur Carl Pei who originally co-founded the hugely successful OnePlus brand. He left that smartphone brand back in 2019 and is now hoping to replicate the success with Nothing. If you want to know more about this new device Express.co.uk will bring you full details on Tuesday live from the launch event with things kicking off at 4pm BST. Nothing isn't the only tech firm launching a phone this month with Google also set to release its cheaper Pixel 6a on July 28. This device comes packed with Google's impressive Tensor processor which is the same chip found in the more premium Pixel 6 and 6 Pro. The 6a also gets a 6.1-inch screen, dual-lens camera and long battery life that can last 72 hours on a single charge. When it goes on sale it will cost just £399 which sounds like a bit of a bargain.