Nick Kyrgios has been slapped with a £3,000 fine for his behaviour during Sunday’s Wimbledon final. The Australian, who was defeated by Novak Djokovic on Centre Court, is now set to foot a total bill of £14,500 following three misdemeanours throughout the tournament at the All England Club. Kyrgios was his usual vociferous self on Centre Court as he shouted out between points and directed his anger at the crowd and towards the player's box. And his last fine of the tournament was ultimately handed out for an “audible obscenity”. Kyrgios produced his best ever run at a Grand Slam as he went beyond the quarter-finals for the first time before booking his place in the showpiece event. But his tournament was shrouded in controversy following two fines earlier in the tournament. During his first-round match against Britain’s Paul Jubb, the Australian was seen spitting towards a spectator in the crowd. And he was ordered to pay £8,200 following the incident. READ MORE: Kate Middleton shares private chat with Djokovic after Wimbledon win Kyrgios was then hit with a £3,300 fine for swearing during his clash with Stefanos Tsitsipas. The third-round encounter proved to be a tumultuous affair, with Kyrgios appealing to umpire Damien Dumusois and other officials for Tsitsipas to be defaulted after the Greek ace smashed the ball into the crowd in frustration. Kyrgios’ actions clearly chagrined the world No 5 on that occasion as Tsitsipas later branded him a bully. “He bullies the opponents,” said Tsitsipas. “He was probably a bully at school himself. I don’t like bullies. I don’t like people that put other people down.” During the tournament Kyrgios was also called out by a reporter in a press conference for his apparent refusal to follow the Wimbledon dress code. But the melee around his matches clearly only had a positive impact on the player as he came close to landing his first Grand Slam title. DON'T MISSNick Kyrgios demands 'drunk' Wimbledon fan is kicked outNick Kyrgios’ girlfriend praises his 'resilience' amid Wimbledon finalWimbledon protester had 'head smashed into wall' after being ejected   Kyrgios has been forced to pay a plethora of fines throughout his career. But his Wimbledon penalties are hardly likely to make a dent in his wallet as he was awarded £1,050,000 for reaching the final. And after his showdown with Djokovic, the 27-year-old remained in good spirits. “I’ve got that under my belt now - a Wimbledon finalist,” he told reporters. “I can kind of draw from that experience. I felt like I belong. My game has always been there but I’ve just kind of put it together a little bit these couple of weeks. It’s taken me 10 years – almost 10 years – in my career to finally get to the point of playing for a Grand Slam and coming up short - but my level is right there.” 