Full-body workouts are a good way to target all the muscle groups to efficiently and effectively promote muscle growth. But if people don't want to hit the gym to build strength and muscle, there are other ways of doing so. Tennis has been hailed a great way of developing the key building blocks of all-round fitness as it promotes cardio, speed, agility and balance. And just an hour on the court can burn up to 775 calories in one session. Research found that for a competitive singles tennis game, the average person burns 575-775 calories per hour. If they are hitting balls in non-competitive play, the average person will burn 350-500 calories per hour. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake The number of calories that could be burnt during an hour of tennis can help people stay on track with their fitness goals. Tim Benjamin, head of content at fitness app WithU, revealed the sport also offers a host of other physical benefits including: He said: "Similar to the benefits that come with HIIT workouts, the short, sharp, movements that are used to move around the tennis court are a great way for improving your cardio and lung capacity." DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] Improving muscle tone, strength and flexibility While teaching the muscles to work together more efficiently, Tim explained that flexibility is also key for both aiding your movement and injury prevention. "Flexibility helps performance in a variety of ways, such as by improving posture, preventing incorrect body alignment, and improving your balance," he explained. READ MORE: Fitness: How to 'increase fat burning' in a heatwave - expert advice Tim said that tennis is a great way for people to expand their range of motion, as many of the movements, such as a serve, require several parts of the body to stretch and arch to generate spin and power. "As well tennis, the benefits of improving your range of motion can be felt off the court too," he added. "Many other sports and physical activities, such as running, can be improved by having a better range of motion so it is worth investing time in to develop." Tim explain that this key benefit is not only important for tennis, but for every day scenarios too. He warned: "Whilst reducing your reaction times might seem insignificant, it can have big ramifications." He went on to explain that if people can reduce their reaction times through a tennis-based workout, then they can give themselves more time to respond to changes in their environment. "In a game of tennis this can be how the ball bounces, but the same principles apply to a variety of sports and activities," he added.