Meghan Markle and Prince Harry stepped down as senior working royals in 2020 and now reside, away from The Firm, in the US. Tensions between the Duke and Duchess of Sussex and the Royal Family escalated after their royal exit and it has been suggested that Palace aides are currently doing anything they can to avoid upsetting the couple. Speaking to MailPlus, royal expert Richard Eden discussed the latest move in the Meghan and Harry tensions. In response to the discussion that the Palace keeping details of the report into the Meghan Markle bullying allegations private, Mr Eden said: "What worries me greatly, is that the Palace are falling over themselves not to upset Harry and Meghan. "At this briefing yesterday, it sounds like they were, sort of, going on about grateful they were that they came over [for the Jubilee]. "[They were also] giving quite, sort of, personal details about [Harry and Meghan's] meetings with Prince Charles. "They seem desperate to not upset them". He added: "[and] I think that's a mistake." READ MORE: 'You lardy a*** c***!' Royal cop recalls Prince Andrew's abusive slur at Buckingham Palace Host Jo Elvin said: "I think that's understandable though. "They [Harry and Meghan] get upset about a lot of things and they probably prefer to stop talking about them altogether." The Mail on Sunday's assistant editor Kate Mansey was also on the show alongside Mr Eden. Ms Mansey said: "[and] there's a book coming out. "Prince Harry's memoir's coming out so no wonder the Palace aren't keen to, kind of, stick their ore in." READ MORE: Prince Charles should step aside – ‘William is one to take us forward!’’ The assistant editor also noted that there were two briefings this week, one about the Sovereign Grant and one for the Duchy of Cornwall finances. She stated that they don't need to release that information but they do so because it is of public interest. Ms Mansey said: "In that briefing, they, sort of, offered up that they'd have such a wonderful time with the Sussexes when they came over. "[And that] Prince Charles had been thrilled to meet his granddaughter, Lilibet, so it did feel very much like they were trying to bring the Sussexes closer." DON'T MISS Earlier this month, the Sussexes were in the UK for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. The trip was their first official visit since their royal exit in 2020. They travelled with their two children, three-year-old son Archie Harrison and daughter, Lilibet Diana, who turned one during the celebratory weekend. Aside from the Charles meeting Lilibet for the first time, the Queen got to meet her namesake great-granddaughter. READ NEXT: