Gordon Ramsay, 55, swore at a fan after he was interrupted while having dinner at a restaurant in Glasgow. The TV chef shared a video of his encounter to his TikTok account after the young man surprised him with a cardboard cutout of himself. It happened while Gordon was dining at The Ox and Finch in Glasgow on Saturday. The clip showed Gordon clearly taken aback by the vision of a fan carrying a life-sized cardboard cutout of himself in his direction. He then proceeded to question his actions as other people enjoyed their meals nearby. Gordon said: “Dude, dude, what are you doing?" READ MORE: Meghan and Harry's appearance 'paint a thousand words' claims host Laughing, he continued: “What in the f**k are you doing? “People are eating dinner. Where did you get that from?” Also laughing, the fan explained: “My mates bought me it as a shrine. “Forever looking for the shoes for the cardboard.” Gordon then penned an autograph on the cutout, while another restaurant guest asked if he was “flattered”. The TV star sarcastically responded: “No.” Gordon uploaded the video to TikTok, captioning it: “I was just trying to have a nice dinner in Glasgow when this happened.” Earlier this year Gordon was caught up in a row with food critic Jay Rayner, 55, after the latter accused the Hell’s Kitchen star of "humiliating" others and making "people cry". DON'T MISS...Paul O'Grady inundated with support after falling ill [INSIGHT]Declan Donnelly celebrates arrival of 'wonderful' baby son with wife [LATEST]Fern Britton admits painful health woes are worsening in her 60s [HEALTH] The pair were embroiled in a back and forth argument after Jay hit out at Gordon for "swearing at people" on his show BBC's Future Food Stars. The programme was released earlier this year and sees 12 contestants compete to win chef Ramsay's investment to turn their food venture into a business reality. Jay took to Twitter to react to the way Gordon approached contestants. He wrote: "Is this still all you have @GordonRamsay? "Shouting at people? Swearing at people? Humiliating people? Making people cry? Then punching the air when the cameras turns off?" Gordon soon replied: "Jay you inspire me every day…especially after your performance on the Weakest Link. Goodbye." Jay hit back: "The first time I won it mate. The second time I came third. And neither time did I make anybody cry." Gordon responded: "Jay your professional job is stuffing your face on the back of great chefs. When are you going to get a real job?? Goodbye."