Chronic disease stands in the way of longevity for millions of Britons. This is partly because exposure to one chronic disease increases your exposure to another. This is particularly true for people with diabetes. The chronic condition can leave you more prone to a host of conditions, such as cancer and heart disease. Fortunately, a green drink has been shown to reduce the risk of all-cause mortality in people with type 2 diabetes. Drinking four cups of green tea on a daily basis could help people with type 2 diabetes live longer, researchers have found. This longevity effect was also observed in participants drinking coffee. Lead study author Dr Yuji Komorita, from the Kyushu University, said: “We demonstrated that greater consumption of green tea and coffee was significantly associated with reduced all-cause mortality. The effects may be additive.” The trial involved monitoring the health of nearly 5,000 people with type 2 diabetes in Japan. READ MORE: Diabetes type 2: The 25p herb that lowers blood sugar - results 'comparable' to medication Their average age was 66 and they were asked to record how many hot drinks they had a day. The study, published in the journal BMJ Open Diabetes Research and Care, found that coffee drinkers who indulged in one cup a day lowered their risk of dying by 19 percent, while consuming two on a daily basis further reduced the risk by 41 percent. But the biggest difference was among participants who had four cups of green tea and two or more cups of coffee a day, as they reduced their overall risk of early death by 63 percent. The researchers are not sure why the two drinks have such a positive impact on the health. DON'T MISSCancer warning: The hot drink that may hike your risk by 90% [ADVICE] Covid: The telltale symptom seen in 83% of patients [INSIGHT]Cliff Richard: Star's 3 tips for 'healthy ageing' [ADVICE] They have suggested it might have something to do with the antioxidant and anti-inflammatory compounds found in the green tea. Coffee, which contains several bioactive components, has also previously been found to alter insulin production and sensitivity. Doctor Komorita concluded: “Compared with those who drank neither beverage, those who drank one or both had lower odds of dying from any cause, with the lowest odds associated with drinking higher quantities of both green tea and coffee.” A mountain of evidence points to the benefits of drinking green tea. READ MORE: Three personality traits that 'influence' longevity - seen in people aged 100 and beyond Green tea contains nutrients and plant compounds, including antioxidants called catechins, that can have positive health effects, such as increasing your metabolism, helping protect against prostate and breast cancer and supporting your immune system. It’s also said to play a role in helping brain function. Weight loss is also among the long list of benefits that have been linked to green tea. What's more, some versions of green are completely caffeine free, notes Holland and Barrett. Green tea is also said: Holland and Barrett says: "When consumed in moderation (around eight cups a day) green tea is reportedly safe for healthy adults to drink. "However, drinking large amounts of green tea may cause side effects due to the fact it contains caffeine."