Remembering the date when she got that life-altering call, September 4 2020, Nancy Allen recalls going into "an absolute state of shock". Speaking openly about her experience to broadcast journalist Carlos Amezcua, Nancy revealed she "broke down" when she processed that she had breast cancer. In the candid interview on BeondTV, which took place on October 12, 2021, Nancy first felt that the whole ordeal was "indescribable". The 72-year-old paused, then revealed she "relived it" when she went back, a year later, for a bone scan. "When I left there, I literally broke down," Nancy shared. "I had no idea how much I was holding [onto]." Looking back, Nancy remembered when medical staff first put a marker in her boob for surgery. Afterwards, she didn't remember driving home. "Everything was swirling around me," Nancy recalled. READ MORE: Cancer symptoms: Five types of body pain that signals cancer that's 'not usually curable' Within 24 hours, Nancy received the call that she had a cancerous tumour in her breast. "[The phone call] fortunately happened to be in the office at WeSPARK," she said of the cancer support charity she is the executive director of. "I broke down, I just started crying because I'm thinking, 'I could die.' You go to the God forbid, no matter... even if you know that's probably not going to happen. "There's still that stigma with that word," she continued. "Fortunately, I had immediate support in the environment I was in." DON'T MISSDiabetes: The drink that's 'so beneficial' for lowering blood sugar [TIPS]'There is no cure' Howie Mandel's 'disorders' explained [INSIGHT]Dementia: Food eaten by millions may 'speed up' plaque [ADVICE] Nancy added: "In the period [leading] up to surgery, [you] go into this mode of soldiering through, making phone calls, filling out forms... "... Interviewing with doctors, finding out the pathology of the tumour. It's a lot to absorb." Nancy expressed her advice for anybody who may be going through the same thing. "If I can tell anyone anything, don't do it alone," she pleaded. "Ask immediately for help." The star said support can come from outside the family, "because sometimes it's scary for them". Nancy advises seeking help from a friend, "someone who can advocate for you". "Or call [WeSPARK] if you're in LA," she added, as the cancer support centre provides a sense of community in moments of need. "I'm very fortunate to have had a diagnosis that was caught in time... curable," Nancy said with a sense of relief. As with most cancers, the earlier a diagnosis is made, the better the chance of a successful outcome. If you identify with any of the following warning signs of breast cancer, do book a doctor's appointment as soon as possible. Breast symptoms to look out for: Nancy Allen stars on RoboCop at 9pm on ITV4, Thursday July 28.