Dillon Danis has slammed Paddy Pimblett for being ‘terrible’ and promised that he would finish the Scouser in under a minute if they ever fought. Pimblett picked up his third UFC win last night against Jordan Leavitt at the O2 Arena, London. After overcoming some early adversity – this time in the grappling department – Pimblett switched the script in his typical style, taking Leavitt’s back and locking in the rear-naked choke for a second-round submission victory. Taking to the mic post-fight, a clearly emotional Pimblett dedicated the fight to his friend who had tragically taken his own life a few hours before the Liverpudlian’s weigh-in. He said: “I woke up on Friday morning at 4 am to a message that one of my friends back home had killed himself, this was five hours before my weigh-in. So, Ricky lad that’s for you. There's a stigma in this world that men can't talk. "Listen, if you're a man and you have weight on your shoulders and you think the only way you can solve it is by killing yourself please to speak to someone. Anyone. People would rather, I know I'd rather my mate cry on my shoulder than go to his funeral next week. So please let's get rid of this stigma and men start talking." Pimblett received a lot of praise for both his performance and his words afterwards. But Danis was unimpressed, taking to Twitter he wrote: “Paddy Is actually terrible I excepted more from him I’d finish in under a minute.” Pimblett and Danis have previously gone back and forth online after Danis called out ‘The Baddy’ for a £62,500 ($75,000) winner takes all grappling match in June. He tweeted: “Hey @theufcbaddy we both put 75k each in escrow and do a grappling match, winner takes all, you in?” MORE UFC NEWS... Pimblett named 'bulls*** guy' in stinging attack by UFC star Drake places eyewatering bet on Pimblett and McCann to both win fights Paddy Pimblett Twitter account suspended hours before UFC fight Pimblett was quick to fire back his reply and took the opportunity to ridicule Danis’ offer while taking a shot at his relationship with training-partner Conor McGregor. He tweeted; “Why you getting Conor to send you pictures of his money you silly sausage, stop embarrassing yourself! Why would I grapple with you? I’ll punch your f***ing in for you if I see you ya soft c**t.” Danis has had an extremely drawn-out professional MMA career since making the switch from Brazilian jiu-jitsu in 2018. ‘The Boss’ has only had two professional fights during his four-year stint in the sport – both for promotional company Bellator. The American is best known for his grappling and is the 2016 IBJJF Pan American No-Gi champion and a Brazilian jiu-jitsu black belt under Marcelo Garcia. Many will remember him for his post-fight brawl with Khabib Nurmagomedov at UFC 229 when ‘The Eagle’ vaulted the cage and attacked Danis.