The email inboxes of most are already filling up with messages from outraged constituents who feel Johnson has been treated disgracefully. It will dawn on even the most hard-of-thinking Tory parliamentarians that they may have fallen victim to hysteria induced by a remorseless and highly personal campaign against the PM by the political Left and its media allies. Some may even work out that most of the previous emails they got from Johnson detractors were written by people who will never vote Tory in a million years, while the new batch – from his many supporters – come from those they need to keep onside if they are to have any chance of re-election. Mr Johnson’s premiership became untenable on Tuesday, after Downing Street’s version of events about the Chris Pincher affair fully unravelled. MPs who had supported the PM in last month’s confidence vote decided enough was enough and pulled the plug. Sajid Javid and Rishi Sunak timed their Cabinet resignations perfectly to exploit the disconsolate mood and two days later, with a house of cards collapsing around him, Johnson was forced to announce he was quitting. It is, of course, too late for regrets. But it is not too late for a reality check. If Conservative parliamentarians fail to understand that their most urgent task now is to assuage the very large pro-Boris element within their support base then electoral disaster awaits them. For all his faults – and his shambolic approach to getting full, unvarnished accounts of important events into the public domain was certainly foremost amongst them – Boris Johnson also possessed many very rare virtues in a political leader. His ability to connect with people from all walks of life, to see the big picture and to spread hope about Britain’s future potential are all qualities that will be hard to replicate and sorely missed. Many of the 14 million Conservative voters at the last election voted for Johnson personally, having seen the courage he had displayed in trying to get Brexit done in a hostile House of Commons. Once they had given him an 80-seat majority he was able to deliver on the instruction given by the British people in the 2016 referendum and to rescue our democracy in the process. It was a singular political achievement – as important and magnificent as anything achieved by a UK premier since Margaret Thatcher ensured the Falkland Islands were liberated in 1982. So Boris’s place in history is secure. But his successor’s is far from certain.  If that successor is someone who tolerated the sabotage of Brexit in the rotten 2017-19 Parliament or who played a major role in the toppling of Johnson then their premiership is doomed. Indeed, Javid, Sunak, Jeremy Hunt and Tom Tugendhat would be well advised to withdraw their candidacies pronto. Their elevation in these circumstances would disgust millions of Tory-leaning voters and bring with it the prospect of a right-wing insurgency under Nigel Farage or another populist figure. Labour would be the ones laughing then – as they already are. Any Conservative MP who swallowed the idea that dumping Johnson would lead smoothly on to more favourable media coverage should not be allowed outside on their own. Most of the media, especially the broadcast media, is these days hostile to Conservatism across the board. By knocking out the biggest Tory vote-winner for decades Conservative MPs have taken an enormous gamble. They need to find a replacement with proven pro-Brexit credentials and star quality too. It would be helpful if that replacement was someone Johnson felt able to personally endorse as well. Robotic or managerial performers like Javid or Hunt will risk leading the party to the sort of catastrophic, epoch-making election defeat that Major brought about in 1997. Some Tory MPs think a period in opposition will allow them to refresh and come back stronger. That is another foolish notion. It is far from guaranteed that any spell in opposition would be short-lived and the damage that a left-wing administration could inflict in the meantime hardly bears thinking about. Tory MPs made a huge call this week. They have another in deciding which two MPs to present to grassroots members as potential leaders. If they get this one wrong their party.