Manchester United target Frenkie de Jong is not prepared to take a salary cut in order to stay at Barcelona this summer, according to reports. The Dutchman is believed to be a priority target for the Red Devils, who have been locked in talks over a move for his signature for a number of weeks. United are incredibly keen on bringing De Jong to Old Trafford but it has often been suggested that he would rather stay at Barcelona than make the switch to England in the not-too-distant future. It seems as though his head could be turned by a mega-money wage offer, though, with the midfielder not willing to accept a salary reduction at the Nou Camp, according to Fabrizio Romano.It is claimed that De Jong's priority is to remain with his current employers, but he will not entertain the idea of being forced into a pay cut in order to steer clear of a move to United. The Red Devils are yet to discuss personal terms with the player or his representatives but have already settled on a transfer fee in negotiations at club level with Barcelona.The Catalan giants have agreed on a figure of around £56million in exchange for De Jong but are still discussing the finer details of the proposed add-on structure, which is said to be worth an extra £20m in performance-related bonuses. United are still facing the prospect of tempting De Jong in talks over a contract at Old Trafford, though, and it remains to be seen whether a deal can be struck before the new Premier League season gets underway. JUST IN: Man Utd talked Ronaldo 'out of making a scene' after transfer request De Jong is also believed to have concerns over a potential move to United due to the lack of Champions League football on offer, which further suggests that personal terms could be difficult to agree for the Red Devils without paying over the odds. He remains tied down to Barcelona until the summer of 2026 and is said to be a favourite of Xavi, who took charge of the club towards the end of last year.The Dutch maestro would certainly fit the profile of what Ten Hag is looking for at United, who are crying out for additional reinforcements in the middle of the park after deciding not to extend the contracts of Paul Pogba and Nemanja Matic. He has already insisted that he would need to be convinced to join United, though, because he would prefer to stay at the Nou Camp for the time being. "I will not go into that," he told Algemeen Dagblad when quizzed on United's interest in his services last month. "Not even about other names or clubs, I used to be naive and open-minded about it, I don’t do that anymore."I understand that that link is made. That sum is not that difficult, it is logical. I have enjoyed working with Ten Hag at Ajax and I can’t look into the future, of course. But I prefer to stay at Barcelona."That has always been my dream club and it still is. As long as I don’t hear from the club management, I assume nothing is going on." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here