The aviation industry has been thrown into chaos over the past few months. Covid has played a major part in this, but strike action by airline employees also throws a spanner in the works. No flights to the UK have been affected. Between July 25 and July 28, there will be strike action by some Ryanair workers in Spain. The airports that may be affected are Madrid, Málaga, Seville, Alicante, Valencia, Barcelona, Girona Santiago de Compostela, Ibiza and Palma de Mallorca. This is not the first strike action by Ryanair workers. In this month alone, staff went on strike on July 13, 14, 15, 18, 19, 20 and 21. READ MORE: Flight attendant shares tip to sit together - 'never pay' Ryanair made a statement to address the strike action. It read: "Less than one percent of Ryanair’s flights have been affected in the past month by recent minor and poorly supported cabin crew strikes called by unions who are either not recognised by or who represent tiny numbers of Ryanair crews." It continued: "Air Traffic Control (ATC) and airport staff shortages across Europe, which are beyond Ryanair’s control, may however cause some minor disruption, and any passengers whose flights are disrupted by ATC staff shortages will be notified of their entitlements by email/SMS." Belgium based Ryanair workers also took strike action this weekend. Brussels Charleroi and Brussels Zaventem were the affected airports. Unhappy easyJet passengers have taken to Twitter to voice their concerns over the strikes. On July 21, @guijacquemet was affected by Ryanair strikes in France: "Stuck in France due to @ryanair pilot strikes; travelling is difficult these days." @itvshv tweeted: "Imagine being stranded in Italy because your flight was cancelled last minute cause of strikes. @ryanair what am I meant to do now? "Literally no warning or anything, we have nowhere to stay and no way to get home, I'm about to actually have a meltdown. "My friend that I'm travelling with has been sent to London and I'm being sent to Birmingham." READ MORE: Flight attendant shares ultimate packing secrets @cryptomoonerz shared in the struggle of cancelled flights: "And once again #Ryanair ripped me.. flight from Venice to Brussels cancelled. "Had to pay more than 500 euros to find an alternative to get home. A long trajectory via Paris. #worstcompany #ripoff #strike." @namrathaprasad0 managed to avoid the disruption: "Currently on the plane back to CRL, I think we have avoided the travel chaos that is Ryanair worker strikes. "And honestly just traveling with Ryanair in general. Really defined my study abroad experience. "I take it back the handle on the emergency exit door broke lol." But Ryanair is not the only airline that may be affected by strike action this month. easyJet cabin crew in Spain have proposed a walkout between July 29 and July 31. This is in addition to their strikes earlier in month, from July 1-3 and July 15-17. Barcelona, ​​Ibiza, Malaga, Palma de Mallorca, Seville and Santiago de Compostela are airports that could all be affected by the strike action. The strike reportedly involves 450 members of staff are based in El Prat (Barcelona), Malaga and Palma de Mallorca, and belong to the Spanish union USO. The airline stressed there is predicted to be minimal disruption to flights in the coming days. Any delays are subject only to Air Traffic Control (ATC) strikes and delays, which are out of Ryanair's control, the airline continued.