Leeds United will enter next season with a radically different starting line up to the one they finished the 2021/22 Premier League season with. Star player Kalvin Phillips has already joined Manchester City while Brazilian winger Raphinha looks set to follow him out the exit door. The club have already moved to bring in Rasmus Kristensen and Brenden Aaronsen from RB Salzburg, while Marc Roca has arrived from Bayern Munich. The club have also been heavily linked with a deal for Feyenoord winger Luis Sinisterra. Here Express Sport looks at how the Yorkshire club could line up under Jesse Marsch next season with an exciting new 4-3-3 predicted. Goalkeeper: Ivan Meslier The young French goalkeeper is a certainty to be between the sticks for the Whites next season. The 22-year-old regularly bailed out the leaky Leeds defence last year and it is not a position that the club will need to improve in the near future. Right back: Rasmus Kristensen Leeds spent around £10 million to bring the Danish international to Elland Road earlier in the summer and it is highly unlikely he has been signed to sit on the bench. He was something of a goal threat during his time in Austria scoring 10 times in the league from defence and can be expected to contribute in both boxes again next season. Centre backs: Diego Llorente and Liam Cooper Despite the club’s severe defensive weaknesses last season it does not appear that Marsch is looking to improve his options in the centre of his defence. Captain Liam Cooper is the side’s leader and helps improve the performances of those around him and should be expected to start. Spanish international Diego Llorente is most likely to partner him. However, Robin Koch and Pavel Struijk will push the pair hard. Left back: Junior Firpo In an ideal world Leeds would like to use the highly dependable Stuart Dallas in the position. But a broken femur sustained towards the end of the season will mean he will miss most of the year. Therefore former Barcelona player Firpo may get another chance to make an impression at left-back with the club not currently looking at other options. Central Midfield: Marc Roca, Tyler Adams and Mo Camara It will be a new look midfield at the Yorkshire club this season as they are heavily linked with improving in the area. Roca recently joined from Bayern and is a certainty to start given the club’s expenditure on him. Adams is a player the club have been heavily linked with in recent days with Marsch keen to link back up with a player he coached at RB Leipzig and New York Red Bulls. A loan deal for the player has been mooted and he is expected to join. Another midfielder who is attracting the interest of the club is Mo Camara. Another one of Marsch’s former players, the American is keen to link back up with the 22-year-old. The Malian international would become the third member of the new look Leeds midfield providing an interesting new sight for fans. Right wing: Brenden Aaronon With the club spending around £25 million on the player it is highly likely he will go straight into the starting line-up. The American scored nine goals and created 10 assists during his time in the Austrian Bundesliga and can be expected to be a creative force over on the right flank. Left wing: Luis Sinisterra Leeds have been heavily linked with a move for the Feyernoord wideman with the Colombian international expected to come in as a replacement for the outgoing Raphinha. He scored 12 goals in 30 Eredivisie games last year and will be expected to replace the goals lost by the Brazilian’s departure. Striker: Cody Gakpo With Patrick Bamford’s injury issues, Marsch is likely to look for a more reliable option up front. The PSV vice-captain is an established goalscorer and has previously been a transfer target for Liverpool so would be considered something of a coup for the Yorkshire side. The Dutch international would excite the Elland Road faithful and would be considered the club’s marquee signing of the summer.