UPDATE: Xur is back in Destiny 2 with the merchant moving to a new location today. If you're looking for Xur you'll be able to find the vendor at Nessus. And in case you're wondering what is in stock here's what Exotics are available to buy till the next weekly reset... Xur Destiny 2 July 1 stock list: Lord of Wolves, Celestial Nighthawk, An Insurmountable Skullfort, Crown of Tempests ORIGINAL: Xur will be dropping into Destiny 2 once again today. The vendor will be moving to a new location with a fresh batch of rare Exotics for Destiny 2 players to buy. Xur will be available in Destiny 2 from around 6pm UK time today. Once Xur's new location is discovered Express.co.uk will update this article with where you can find the vendor. Last time around Xur was at the Tower in the Hangar. Here's what was in stock last time around... Merciless, Gwisin Vest, Citan's Ramparts, Eye of Another World In another Destiny 2 news, Guardians that are Amazon Prime subscribers can right now get a bunch of loot for free. This was revealed in the latest This Week At Bungie blog post with the Destiny 2 makers revealing some upcoming Prime Gaming drops. Prime Gaming - formerly known as Twitch Prime - is one of the many perks that Amazon Prime members can enjoy. Prime Gaming offers free monthly games as well as a wide range of free in-game items for a range of popular titles like FIFA and GTA Online. Speaking about the Prime Gaming extras, the Destiny 2 makers said: "Some of you may remember back in the day (early Destiny 1) where you could only swap out one of your emotes, and the other three remained the same. Now in Destiny 2, we get to have four emotes all at once and honestly, this month's Prime Gaming (mic) Drop is going to fit it perfectly with the others. "Don’t know what I’m talking about? Well, here’s the quick summary: Sign up for Prime Gaming, link your Bungie.net account, get the sweet cosmetics listed below, with more rewards coming in future months. Seems simple, right? Well... it is! Lined up for this month, we have a clean Sparrow, a ship and Ghost, and the best mic drop you’ve seen this side of the Tower." The Destiny 2 Prime Gaming reward that is available right now is the Mic Drop Exotic Bundle Drop. Here's what is included... Mic Drop Exotic Emote Canopus Shell Exotic Ghost Clean Sweep Exotic Sparrow Quantum Cartographer Legendary Ship