A Leo Moon transit is always a fiery one. The self-belief and assurance this zodiac sign exhibits can drive you toward, while in transit, new opportunities you might not have thought possible during other cycles. However, optimism and flexibility are key to really capitalising on a Leo New Moon. Express.co.uk reveals your horoscope, star sign reading, astrology and zodiac forecast for July 28. Coming in swiftly after the Capricorn Full Supermoon in mid-July, the Leo New Moon is here to help you push forward along the path forged during the last Moon’s ambitious transit. Cafe Astrology said: “The New Moon in Leo is an excellent time for formulating goals regarding all things Leo.” “For example, we might concentrate on new ways to enhance our romantic life, creative endeavours and hobbies, and relationship with children, as well as build our self-confidence and healthy pride in ourselves.” Vivacious and passionate, the Leo sign is represented by the lion, which symbolises sovereignty, rulership, and courage. READ MORE: Science breakthrough after 'hidden world' discovered in Antarctica  Cafe Astrology said: “Some of Leo’s lessons involve taking pride in ourselves as unique individuals, assuming responsibility for our lives, and giving ourselves warmly and generously to others.” A Leo Moon inspires a time to take up space, embrace your passions, and move forward with confidence, just as any spirited fire sign would. But it's important to use the New Moon energy to give way to these positive Leo characteristics. Cafe Astrology said: “Keywords for this self-expressive fire sign include proud, noble, generous, hospitable, caring, warm, authoritative, active, and open."  It said that these “are traits that we might enhance, develop, and incorporate into our personalities” during this period. With potent Leo energy, it’s possible to make significant changes you can benefit from well beyond this Moon cycle. Moon mentor and author, Kirsty Gallagher told Express.co.uk: “[The New Moon] is going to be an awakening, and although it may not feel easy or comfortable at the time - awakenings rarely do - it’s taking you to the next level of your life, consciousness, and human experience.  DON'T MISS:Björk health: How the singer 'tackled' growths on her vocal cords [INSIGHT]How to live longer: The sign in the gut linked to early death [ANALYSIS]Great White Shark can change colour - scientists in stunning discovery [EXPLAINED]    “It is time to open yourself up to more of what you want and be brave enough to follow it.” Now is the best time to set all of those big intentions for the second half of the year. Cafe Astrology said: “This lunation gets support from Jupiter, and we can find it natural to want to grow, improve, and move into the direction of positive change.  “Mars is heading toward an alignment with Uranus, and we can be especially innovative and ready to try new methods and approaches.” Use the powerful planetary energies to invest in introspection, reflection, self-growth, and prosperity. The Leo New Moon will arrive at 6.55pm BST. 