Erik ten Hag has told Manchester United to move fast and make Lisandro Martinez the club's third summer signing after Tyrell Malacia and Christian Eriksen, reports claim. The Argentine international is currently at the centre of a fiercely-contested transfer tug-of-war between the Red Devils and Arsenal, who are both determined to win the race for the highly-rated, ball-playing Ajax defender. Martinez is deemed the perfect fit for Ten Hag's defence and the pair enjoyed an exciting professional relationship during their time together in Amsterdam. Now he is considered to be an ideal signing for the Red Devils and one that can help install a winning mentality in the dressing room after winning the Eredivisie and Finalissima last season. United have tabled an offer of £37million and there's confidence it could be enough to strike a deal with Ajax. According to Fabrizio Romano, Ten Hag has personally instructed United to conclude a transfer for his former player - telling them they must act quickly to pip Arsenal to the centre-back. The transfer expert tweeted: "Erik ten Hag wants Manchester United to be fast on Lisandro Martinez deal. The player is pushing to leave Ajax, he's been very clear - ten Hag wants Lisandro after Malacia and Eriksen. "Arsenal are still there, working on Lisandro deal - ten Hag wants him strongly." United have now officially sealed the signing of Feyenoord left-back Malacia, who opens their summer transfer business in terms of incomings. More are set to follow though with former Tottenham playmaker Eriksen due to arrive on a free transfer following his six-month spell with Brentford. The attacking midfielder has been taking his time to decide his next move but now he has given United his word that he will be joining. Eriksen is now due to undergo a medical before signing a three-year contract at Old Trafford. Arsenal remain in the running for Martinez though and they're still hopeful they could potentially secure a deal. The Gunners are wary though that Ten Hag's connection with the player could ultimately prove the difference in their transfer battle with United. United had previously looked at Jurrien Timber and Pau Torres to bolster their options at centre-back. It seems there could be movement in terms of outgoings too after Eric Bailly emerged as a loan target for Fulham. The Cottagers have made initial enquires for the Ivorian but he wants to stay and fight for his place under the new manager. Harry Maguire, Raphael Varane and Victor Lindelof are all expected to stay put this summer.