On the airline’s TikTok account @virginatlantic, cabin crew members shared passengers’ strangest questions. The funny video exposed some unusual requests. The team said a passenger asked: “Do you fly straight back now then?” Depending on the airline, some cabin crew may fly back to their home destination and never have a layover. However, on long-haul flights cabin crew will often stay overnight and fly back the next day or later in the week. Flight attendants can only work a certain amount of hours without taking a break between shifts. READ MORE: Cheap holiday expert tip - ‘No fear of being ripped off’ Another common question for Virgin Atlantic cabin crew is: “Will you be heading to space soon?” Virgin owner, Richard Branson, has a long-held ambition to launch space tourism but won’t be using the same aircraft. Virgin Galactic has plans to take tourists to space but it’s unlikely that Virgin Atlantic cabin crew would staff the flights without extensive training. The airline is unlikely to start tourist flights until 2023 and tickets are expected to cost as much as $450,000 (£374,000). One surprising passenger request was: “Could you ask the pilot to go a bit faster?” If a flight’s delayed, holidaymakers might start feeling frustrated. However, the pilot will never be able to go faster on a passenger’s request. Virgin Atlantic staff joked: “No bother at all, I’ll put in a good word for you now.” Another common question according to Virgin Atlantic flight attendants was: “Can we let some fresh air in here?” READ MORE: ‘Very unusual!’ Jane McDonald shocked by item in cruise cabin Although planes have windows, these can never be opened as it would affect the cabin pressure. Planes have their own air filtration system to ensure that the cabin’s air is always safe for passengers. A very specific request for Virgin Atlantic, the crew said that some passengers ask for Richard Branson’s number. Virgin’s founder has a lot of fans, but unfortunately, the crew won’t be able to hand out his personal details. The crew also joked that passengers sometimes ask them to give the toilet “a minute” after they’ve used it. Sadly, flight attendants may have to deal with unpleasant smelly incidents every once in a while. Another passenger said they often hear fellow travellers ask the cabin crew for the plane’s location. The Virgin Atlantic team joked: “Let me just check Google Maps.”