Hulu’s hit dystopian series The Handmaid’s Tale is finally making its highly anticipated return to screens in September after a shocking season four finale. As fans await its release, many have anticipated even more of a double life for Nick Blaine (played by Max Minghella) as they’re convinced he could be a secret member of Mayday.  Nick Blaine was first introduced in season one as the driver and right-hand man of Commander Fred Waterford (Joseph Fiennes). As one of the founding members of Gilead, Fred also had June Osborne (Elisabeth Moss) who worked against her will as a handmaid under his roof. His wife Serena Joy (Yvonne Strahovski) would hold June down to the bed while Fred would sexually assault her. As a Handmaid, June was ordered to provide children for the couple as Serena was infertile.  READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes speaks out on ITV return 'Have to be an apology' During her time at the Waterford residence, June and Nick became friends before they got into a secret romantic relationship. When Serena noticed it was taking a while for her to become pregnant, she set up a secret ploy and forced Nick to impregnate June while she watched. Throughout the series, June had tried on multiple occasions to escape Gilead and many of her attempts were assisted by Nick who also wanted her to find freedom. With the help he has offered in the past, fans believe season five could see Nick join the undercover resistance group Mayday.  Mayday's members acted as spies, and collected information from important members of Gileadean society, to help political targets escape to safety. Towards the end of season four, it was revealed, Nick had been promoted to Commander which means he would have automatic access to information for Mayday. Taking to Reddit, user Strange_Swimming_800 wrote: “I want to see Nick outside of June's POV and get more of his backstory, I want to see him actively working against Gilead. “I’m hoping the showrunners reveal he's a member of the resistance/Mayday and would love to see him working with Lawrence on plans to bring down Gilead.  DON'T MISS...Yellowstone season 5 theory: John’s governor status confirmed [THEORY]The Handmaid’s Tale boss pays tribute to June star ‘She’s remarkable' [INSIGHT]The Handmaid's Tale season 5: Release date, cast, trailer, plot [INSIGHT] “I love Lawrence but still not sure he can be trusted. His game is all about survival so he could do something tricky. I really hope not though,” they concluded. In season four, June was able to escape Gilead and reunited with her loved ones, however, her daughter was still trapped in a totalitarian society. During the jaw-dropping season finale, June organised Fred’s murder with Nick and Lawrence’s (Bradley Whitford) help. They were also able to provide June with updates about her daughter Hannah Bankole (Jordana Blake) who had been rehomed in Gilead.  As Nick always had a soft spot for June, especially due because they shared the child Serena had forced them to conceive. Alongside helping June bring down Gilead, fans believe her husband Luke Bankole (O.T Fagbenle) will go into the state to rescue Hannah. As a man, Luke would go unnoticed especially if he was chaperoned around by Nick who was also a respected Commander. Thankfully, season five has been confirmed and fans will soon be able to see how Nick will continue to help June. The Handmaid’s Tale season five will premiere on Hulu on Wednesday, September 14. 