It’s because the people responsible for keeping this country moving seem determined to milk the current good weather for all it’s worth. Like so many, I now divide my time between office and home. Yesterday was an office day. I made my way to my local Tube station, only to discover there was a “reduced service” because of the weather. As a result, the platform was packed with people who did not have the luxury of working in industries with a “reduced service” and needed to get to the office. When the trains finally arrived, they were absolutely packed, which meant it was almost impossible to sip from those little bottles of water which our nannying state urges us to have constantly to hand. No one actually collapsed from heat stroke intensified by close proximity to hundreds of sweaty bodies all packed in together, but mark my words: it’s a matter of time. These scenes, of course, are replicated across the country, where buses, trains and planes have ground to a halt because no one seems to have realised that in the summer it can sometimes be really quite warm. Here’s a thought: when it’s very hot, why not increase the number of trains so not only is the country running efficiently but commuters are given a little space to breathe? I grew up in Evanston, Illinois, just outside Chicago. During the absolutely ferocious summers, not only was the temperature we are experiencing here the norm, but it was incredibly humid, too. This makes heat far harder to deal with and it did have one tragic consequence: it was accepted by pretty much everyone that in August the murder rate in Chicago itself would go up. This is because the humidity, not heat, drove some people half mad and those in the very poor areas, where there was no air conditioning and everyone lived on top of each other, would suffer badly as a result.  But the rest of us just got on with it. The US is ahead of the UK in the air conditioning stakes, but most buildings were kept so chilly that you had the bizarre situation where you wore as little as possible outdoors and piled on a few more layers when you came inside. The opposite happened in the winter, because that part of the States has a very extreme climate, and not only would the thermostat plummet to well below freezing, but you would have several feet of snow. It was so cold you wore a scarf over your nose and mouth or you wouldn’t have been able to breath; but once inside, buildings were warm enough to discard most of your layers. However, the first moment there were signs of snowflakes, the ploughs were out clearing the roads: schools and businesses did not shut and nor did public transport grind to a halt. The same applied in the summer.  I have no idea what kind of surface they use at Luton Airport, which suspended flights when its runway buckled, but I suggest they have a word with the officials at Chicago’s O’Hare International. It manages to keep going through extreme heat and humidity – lasting months, not days – and it’s still one of the biggest and busiest airports in the world. For pity’s sake. We’ve had the spectacle of children begging their parents not to send them to school: how on earth would they fare in India where not only is it usually significantly hotter than here, but people are desperate to educate their children. Less than half of India’s children aged between six and 14 go to school and it has nothing to do with the heat. Illiteracy is widespread, especially among girls: what do you think they would make of the inhabitants of a country as privileged as this one refusing an education because it’s got a little hot? Yes , I know global warming is serious. Yes, some parts of the UK and the Continent are suffering terrible wildfires, as are other parts of the world. Yes, the vulnerable in particular need to be looked after and yes, we are not used to such high temperatures and so we have to learn how to cope. But what do you want to bet that a fair few of those train drivers who have deemed it far too hot to actually do their job enjoyed a very nice time dozing in the garden yesterday? For goodness sakes. Get a grip. 