Actor Tony Sirico, memorably portrayed Paulie "Walnuts" Gualtieri, a fictional mobster who played a key role in an organised crime ring in the US state of New Jersey, in the popular series The Sopranos. The on-screen star died at the age of 79, his manager Bob McGowan confirmed. "A great, loyal client," manager Bob wrote. "He would do anything to help people in need." The cause of his death has not yet been reported. The actor's brother, Robert Sirico, wrote that he was announcing Tony's death "with great sadness, but with incredible pride, love and a whole lot of fond memories". Tributes have since poured in for the actor, including his co-star, Michael Imperioli, who played Christopher Moltisanti. READ MORE: Hollywood A-lister saw Meghan Markle's royal status coming Taking to Instagram, he wrote the two actors  "found a groove as Christopher and Paulie". "Tony was like no one else: he was as tough, as loyal and as big hearted as anyone I've ever known," he said. "I am proud to say I did a lot of my best and most fun work with my dear pal Tony. I will miss him forever. He is truly irreplaceable." Actress Lorraine Bracco, who starred with Tony in both Goodfellas and The Sopranos, paid tribute as well on Friday, calling him "a stand up guy who always had my back and who loved my children and my parents". "I hope he's in heaven cracking everybody up now," she added. "Love you, my Pal...rest in peace." Born in Brooklyn, New York in 1942 he first appeared on screen in 1977 and rose to prominence years later for his roles in films including Goodfellas. His breakthrough role came in The Sopranos where he played an ill-tempered but fiery soldier to New Jersey mob boss Tony Soprano, played by the late James Gandolfini. Tony was 55 years old and sleeping on a cot at his mother's house in Brooklyn when he was cast in the iconic role that would win him two Screen Actors Guild Awards. DON'T MISS... Hollywood A-lister saw Meghan Markle's royal status coming[LATEST]Declan Donnelly breaks silence following death of brother Dermott[TRIBUTES]Amanda Holden, 51, shows off her phenomenal figure in yellow bikini[PICTURES] The actor was previously arrested 28 times - spending two stretches in prison. Speaking to the LA Times in 1990, he said: "Where I grew up, every guy was trying to prove himself. You either had to have a tattoo or a bullet hole." Actor James Caan, who died on Thursday, was quoted saying of his long-time friend: "He's been able to romanticise his past, throw in a few bangles and sparkles and use it as an actor." "What you see is really him - he just adds a little pepper, a little cayenne, to spice it up." In a 2019 interview with the cast, Tony explained that show creator, David Chase, was so impressed with his audition for a different role, that of an 80-year-old man, that Chase created the character of Paulie Walnuts specifically for him. "When I went in initially to audition for David, he looked at me, he said, 'sit there.' "He put a hat on me. The lines were, 'these kids today.' I'm playing an 80-year-old man," Tony said. The late actor is survived by his two children, Joanne Sirico Bello and Richard Sirico, as well as grandchildren, siblings, nieces, nephews and many other relatives. 