Julia Bradbury has candidly told how she "hasn't been kind to her body" before her battle with breast cancer. In a new interview, the Countryfile star, 52, told how she used to "drink everyone under the table" as she reflected on her healthy new lifestyle after her cancer diagnosis. After being diagnosed with breast cancer in September and undergoing a mastectomy, Julia told how she wants to "increase" her odds to stay alive for her children. Speaking about her life before she was diagnosed with cancer, Julia reflected on her diet. She said: "I was considered healthy, but I was eating way too much refined sugar every day which is toxic and disrupts the hormone balance." The star added that she was having "too much" sugar in her diet which she has now cut out. READ MORE:Michael Bublé stops Exeter show after crowds 'scream' for paramedics The Britain's Best Walks star went on to tell how she has given up alcohol in a bid to stop the disease returning. Julia explained: "Historically, I haven't been kind to my body or my gut. "I had a reputation for drinking everybody else under the table. "But right now, I don't feel comfortable drinking alcohol because if I drink one unit of alcohol a day, my risk of recurrence is between 5 and 6% across my lifetime," she added to woman&home magazine. The TV presenter was diagnosed with breast cancer in September 2021 and she received the news while filming for This Morning in the forest. Julia went on to have a mastectomy to have a 6cm tumour removed from her left breast as well as two lymph glands. Speaking about her reconstructed breast, the TV presenter addressed her new breast. Julia said: "I have a breast, I have my nipple, but I don't have sensation and because I'm naturally slim, I have what I call the mozzarella-cheese effect around, as my friend Ben Shephard and I call it, my pneumatic boob." DON'T MISS... Amanda Holden, 51, flaunts phenomenal figure in striped bikini [INSIGHT]Jamie Redknapp enjoys holiday with sons as wife Frida stuns in bikini [UPDATE]Charlie Dimmock addresses decade-long absence from TV [ANALYSIS] Earlier on in the year, the star reflected on her reunion with her three children Zephyr, Zena and Xanthe following her "brutal" operation. Sitting on the This Morning sofa with ITV hosts Holly and Phillip Schofield, Julia started getting emotional recalling the moment she cuddled her children after her operation. After the footage was aired, a tearful Holly said: "That got me." Julia, who was also triggered by the clip, added: "I can't look at that without it getting me." She added: "My kids have been amazing and they have made friends with my new boob and they go, 'Mummy it doesn't feel the same.'" Julia revealed her children have asked her many questions about her cancer, with one asking if they could still hug her and another wondering whether the disease was contagious. "I never thought about either of those two things so you just don't know what is going through their mind," Julia said. "You do your best but it is a very difficult thing to navigate." The September issue of woman&home is on sale Thursday 28 July 2022. The September issue of woman&home is on sale Thursday 28 July 2022. 