Lady Kitty Spencer, 31, and her now-husband Michael Lewis, 63, tied the knot one year ago today in Italy. The niece of Princess Diana was given a beautiful engagement ring by her then-fiancé. Claire Beatson, the General Manager of ethical jewellery brand Nightingale, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about the piece of jewellery.  What style of ring is Lady Kitty’s ring? The expert said: “Her South African fiancé Michael Lewis bucked the traditional trends and went for an eternity ring as an engagement band. “The ring is a platinum full eternity band set with multiple emerald-cut D-F colour, most likely flawless diamonds (one to 1.5 carat each) totally around 30 carats.” Does the ring match Kitty’s general style? Claire said: “Her Dolce & Gabbana campaigns and red carpet outfits lean more towards the feminine, floral with intricate detailing. “To match with that, I would have said the more delicate and decorative emerald shape with the ruby halo would be more her style. “For this reason, I imagine the choice of angular clean lines from the emerald shape eternity is much more Michael’s style. “This is also in keeping with South African trends for 2022 that suggest ‘stronger, bolder and more robust settings’ are en vogue in the Southern Hemisphere.”  Who in the Royal Family is Kitty’s ring most similar to? The expert added: “Kitty's ring is most similar to the Duchess of Cornwall, Camilla Parker Bowles' ring, which is a large emerald cut diamond centre stone with three baguette diamonds on either side set in a platinum band. “Kitty's ring is also similar to Queen Letizia of Spain, who also bucked tradition and opted for an eternity ring rather than a solitaire style.” How much would Lady Kitty’s ring cost? Kyron Keogh, the co-founder of ROX Diamonds & Thrills, exclusively told Express.co.uk: “Lady Kitty Spencer’s platinum engagement ring is an emerald cut diamond surrounded by a halo of rubies. “The emerald cut diamond is a quality ring like this could retail between £250,000- £330,000.” Lady Kitty for her wedding day donned a sensational Dolce and Gabbana dress. Daena Borrowman, the PR, Social and Digital Marketing Manager at jewellerybox spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to describe the dress. She said: “Lady Kitty Spencer’s big white wedding dress was the brainchild of Dolce & Gabbana’s Alta Moda division in Milan. The breathtaking custom-made haute couture creation took around six months to create.  “The Victorian dress is covered in white lace and features a high neck, corseted bodice long sleeves and powerful puffed shoulders.” Why did the royal choose the fashion house to design her dress? Daena continued: “Lady Kitty who is a global ambassador for the Italian fashion house, chose them for her big day as she has been a front-row attendee or model for many of their fashion shows over the years. “The designers, Domenico Dolce and Stefano Gabbana revealed the inspiration for Lady Kitty’s dress was 'her love for Italy…. its rich history, art and culture’, and ‘her origins…her heritage of the great Victorian era… a great passion for all kinds of flowers'. “The dress is worth over £2.5million.” 