Speaking from the House of Commons today, the Prime Minister vowed to continue in Government despite being pressured by his party to leave. The stack of resignation letters on Boris Johnson's desk has grown to 26 and includes some of his most loyal supporters. As the pile continues to swell, 1922 Committee chair Sir Graham Brady has one of his own including a selection of no-confidence letters. Mr Johnson faced one Conservative vote of no confidence nearly a month ago exactly when MPs cast ballots on June 7. Back then, 41 percent of Tory Commons members - 148 - voted against him, with the majority of 69 percent - 211 - backing the Prime Minister. But dissatisfied rebels have not rested on their laurels, and today they received a golden opportunity to call for another ballot. READ MORE: Gloating EU official can't resist bitter 'popcorn' swipe at Boris The 1922 Committee's members are reportedly poised to offer the Prime Minister a decision. The Tory executive committee is meeting this afternoon with an audience of backbenchers to discuss whether the Prime Minister will face another formal challenge, according to the I. Before then, the publication said they would send a delegation of "men in grey suits" to meet Mr Johnson. The group will likely have Sir Graham at the helm and urge him to resign. Pundits believe they will tell him that if he doesn't, he faces a rules change within the party that could lead to a second vote. The committee may only conduct one no-confidence ballot a year, meaning Mr Johnson has protection until next June. Committee members can change that and greenlight one sooner, given the current circumstances. They will still need the correct amount of letters to launch the challenge, 54 in total, and while several MPs have sent letters already, it is unclear how many there are in total. A successful vote of no confidence would mean the Prime Minister loses control of his own party. In this eventuality, Mr Johnson would need to resign, and his party would conduct a leadership election. A no-confidence vote is unlikely at present as senior Tories will want to reason with their leader first. Conservatives expect Mr Johnson's inner circle will shoulder responsibility for convincing him to resign initially. Isabel Hardman, assistant editor at the Spectator, said "senior Tories" expect close aide David Canzini will speak with him. Michael Gove has taken on a similar responsibility, telling the Prime Minister he should quit before PMQs. The Daily Mail reported Mr Gove told the PM to resign while helping him prepare to face the House of Commons this morning.