Workers at the port in Felixstowe, Suffolk, have demanded an inflation-busting 10 per cent pay rise after throwing out their management's offer of five. Brexit Opportunities Minister Jacob Rees-Mogg claims Unite union members are fuelling inflation by backing the walkout next month with a 9-1 majority. Industry experts fear the strike could leave shop shelves bare and potentially hit Christmas present supplies, as the port handles almost half of the country's container cargo. Mr Rees-Mogg said: "It is very important that we keep Felixstowe port open. The strike would be extremely damaging to the whole UK economy. It would have a direct effect on people's lives. "I am concerned about the 1970s approach to labour activity that's coming from the unions, with a certain degree of support from the Labour Party at the moment. This is part of the problem with inflation, and inflation is a major problem for the economy. "It feeds through to increase wage demands and tensions in the labour market. I don't think this will prove the answer to inflation, as it wasn't in the 1970s." The port is popular because of its deep harbour, proximity to Europe and strategic road and rail links to Britain's commercial hubs.  About 2,000 ships deliver nearly four million containers each year, making it Europe's eighth busiest port. But union leaders claim the Felixstowe Dock and Railway Company has offered workers an effective pay cut with the retail price index now at 11.9 per cent. Unite has delayed announcing strike action to give the company a "short window of opportunity" to come back with a "realistic offer". General secretary Sharon Graham said: "This is an extremely wealthy company that can fully afford to give its workers a pay rise. "Unite is focused on defending the jobs, pay and conditions of its members and we will be giving 100 per cent support to our members at Felixstowe. Workers should not be paying the price for the pandemic with a pay cut." A port spokesman said: "The company made what we believe to be a very fair offer and we are disappointed with the result of the ballot." 