The coronavirus is becoming a constant backdrop, with cases once again on the rise since the emergence of two new Omicron strains. The problem lies mainly in the virus's ability to spawn subvariants that acquire the capacity to evade immune defences. As Covid has evolved, so have its symptoms. The latest data suggests the new Covid strains are producing some symptoms more than others. The latest Omicron offshoots are thought to be driving up infections across the globe, causing concerns among scientists that the virus is running freely since restrictions were relaxed. According to data from 17,500 people who said they had tested positive for the virus this week, the top symptom reported was a sore throat. Headache and blocked nose were other common signs of the disease. According to the Zoe App study, the top 20 Covid symptoms are: READ MORE: Covid symptoms: The top sign in vaccinated patients  But the strains have also spread in other countries, triggering surges of cases in Portugal, Germany and France. Earlier in the pandemic, there was a prevailing belief that the majority of people would retain a certain level of protection against reinfection if they were vaccinated. People who had previously contracted the virus were also believed to have some levels of natural immunity after a recent infection. The newest evidence, however, suggests reinfection from the virus is likely and is believed to be driving the latest surge in cases. READ MORE: Covid: The symptom reported by more than two in three patients Studies have shown that the interval between reinfections tends to range from 90 to 650 days, but the average period between infections is nearly a year. Fortunately, there is scarce evidence to suggest that the last BA.5 strain causes more serious diseases than its predecessors. A recent entry on the Yale Medicine website reads: "Although new variants are an expected part of the evolution of viruses, monitoring each one that surfaces is essential in ensuring we […] are prepared. "This is especially true if a new variant is more aggressive, highly transmissible, vaccine-resistant, able to cause more severe disease - or all of the above, compared with the original strain of the virus."