Boris Johnson resigned from his position on July 7 following a wave of resignations from his Cabinet, leaving his position untenable. Foreign Secretary Liz Truss and former Chancellor Rishi Sunak have been chosen as the final two candidates in the leadership contest to replace Mr Johnson, yet thousands are calling for Mr Johnson to remain at No 10. More than 7,600 Tory members have signed a petition calling for a vote on whether Mr Johnson’s resignation should be accepted. READ MORE: THOUSANDS sign petition to keep Boris Johnson in No10 The petition was organised by Tory donor Lord Cruddas and former Conservative MEP David Campbell-Bannerman. Lord Cruddas said: “The ousting of Boris Johnson as Prime Minister by a minority of MPs is deeply anti-democratic. It defies the will of the country and the Conservative Party members who elected him. “It amounts to a coup. I am ashamed that this can happen in Britain, the birthplace of modern democracy. If that's what politics has become, we're living in a nation I can barely recognise any longer.” He continued: "I don’t want to see the PM as a candidate in the race to be the next party leader. I want the membership to vote on whether we accept his resignation in the first place. If we don’t – and I strongly expect that to be the case – it will be revoked and Boris will continue in No 10.” In a poll that ran from 11am on Thursday, July 21, to midday on Saturday, July 23, Express.co.uk asked readers: “Should Boris Johnson come back as Prime Minister?” A whopping 14,051 readers cast their votes with the overwhelming majority, 85 percent (12,004 people) answering “yes”, Mr Johnson should be reinstated as Prime Minister. However, some 14 percent (1,987 people) answered “no” he should not, while a further 60 people said they did not know. Hundreds of comments were left below the accompanying article as readers took part in a lively debate on Mr Johnson’s future.  Many were in support of Mr Johnson returning to his position with one reader, username Wafoo writing: “He should never have left in the first place!” Another reader, username nirofo said: “He's the best candidate in the Tory Party by far for the PM's job. “ And username Starlight said: “Yes. Please bring back Boris. He is head and shoulders above those already in the offing.” Mr Johnson’s former aide Tim Montgomerie has claimed that the former Prime Minister would return. He said: “Boris is telling aides that he’ll be PM again within a year.” Mr Johnson told MPs during his final Prime Minister’s Questions on Wednesday, July 20, “Hasta la vista, baby” and said it was “mission largely accomplished – for now” Many readers were in support of a comeback with the username lillyflower commenting: “Boris is the best Prime Minister that we have had in years.” Username Phlip wrote: “No better choice at this time than Boris for PM.” DON'T MISS: Sunak delivers huge blow to Truss in brazen speech [VIDEO]Tory leadership polls: Who is the favourite right now? [INSIGHT]Tory chaos over Boris betrayal - ask Michael Fabricant YOUR questions [GET INVOLVED] And username jantyjanty said: “He definitely should come back, the Conservative Party are nothing without him.” Some readers argue that Mr Johnson should be included in the running for the new Tory leader, with one, username Sleepalot, writing: “He definitely should be on the ballot.” Username Heffalump said: “Boris should be included. He has the experience, the strength and he has proved this with Brexit, his stance on Ukraine and measures for dealing with covid.” And username stevecarol13 wrote: “Boris should be in the vote, he is the best PM we have ever had, he cares about our people and the country.” READ MORE: Smug Starmer's plot to seize on Tory leadership chaos FAILING despite desperate stunt 1643858 Meanwhile, some readers thought that Mr Johnson’s resignation was the right move and he should not return. Username BiRo said: “Johnson should never ever return as PM.” Username SeekTheTruth wrote: “Do I want Boris back? You have got to be kidding.” And username Annie1807 said: “Never ever should Johnson be allowed near any ministerial position, never mind being PM.”