Mr Sunak’s resignation just two days before the PM announced he was stepping down is believed to have been a trigger in forcing Mr Johnson to quit. While the soon-to-be ex Prime Minister has said he will not publicly endorse any candidate he is understood to have made his aversion to Mr Sunak clear to others in the race.  A source revealed that Mr Johnson is most keen on Liz Truss for the next Tory leader, as the Foreign Secretary has also been endorsed by his close allies Nadine Dorries and Jacob Rees-Mogg. He is also said to be open to Penny Mordaunt taking on the role. A source told The Times: “The whole No 10 team hates Rishi. It’s personal. It’s vitriolic. “They don’t blame Saj [Sajid Javid] for bringing him down. They blame Rishi. They think he was planning this for months.”  Another source admitted there had been concerns that Mr Sunak would go “soft” on Putin and sanctions against Russia, something the PM views as part of his legacy. A friend of Mr Johnson said: “Of course he’s disappointed, of course he’s frustrated. “He’s been pushing Rishi for a compelling growth strategy for many months without success.  READ MORE: Putin humiliated as Biden’s rockets help Ukraine “So alongside the sense of betrayal is a sense of regret about what could have already been well under way. “But he’s very clear his commitment is overwhelmingly to the British people and that electing a leader who will deliver for them is paramount, even if personally painful for him.” An ally of the Tory leader hopeful has hit back that Mr Sunak had no intention of going easy on Moscow.  DON'T MISS:Tugendhat to fight for survival in TV debates [TORY LEADERSHIP RACE]Shackled to Putin! Merkel blamed for German dependence on Russian gas [REVEAL]Mario Draghi's fall is DISASTER for EU but could cost UK billions [ANALYSIS] They said: “Rishi led the way in enforcing the toughest sanctions on Russia and ensured that our allies followed suit.” September 5 is thought to be the day a new leader will be chosen but Boris Johnson will remain in the Commons as an active backbencher. Theresa May has also remained an MP in the Commons since she stepped down in 2016, however, David Cameron quit just two months after he left, saying he feared he would become “a big distraction and a big diversion” if he stayed. Sir Tony Blair quit as an MP on the same day he resigned as Prime Minister in 2007. 