After falling off her scooter, Robyn McAreavey, 3, suffered multiple fractures to her skull, multiple fractures to her cheek bone, as well as another break above her nose. She also had a slight bleed on the brain and air on the brain as well as a bad black eye. Now, in a bid to raise awareness, the three-year-old's family, who live in Clonard, Northern Ireland, are appealing to all parents and carers to know of the importance of wearing a helmet. Speaking to Belfast Live, Robyn's mum Lindsey said: "We were at our caravan on Saturday and there there is a bit of a hill. The road is new so it's really smooth, so all the kids were going down it on their scooters. "We think Robyn has just hit a stone or a different part of the road and come off her scooter. At first, we thought she had maybe hit her eye, but about 15 minutes later she started to vomit. Then she had a nose bleed so we took her straight to Antrim Area Hospital. "Looking at her, you would have thought she just hit her eye but because of the vomiting, she ticked the boxes to get a CT scan. When the doctors and nurses came back, they were shocked at the amount of fractures she suffered. "She didn't even hit her eye, she had hit the back of her head. She has multiple fractures in her skull and a very bad fracture behind her eye socket which is leaving a gap between her brain. They are afraid of any infection because air has got in, which shouldn't be there.  "Robyn also has a small bleed to the brain. We were transferred to Belfast Children's Hospital because they specialise in head injuries, so we are still here. "She is alert now and under a lot of different specialities. They are happy with her at the minute, but they are afraid because of the amount of fractures."  Robyn's parents said they hope that by sharing what has happened to their daughter, they can raise awareness and make sure no other child goes through a similar accident. "You think a wee scooter, she will be fine. You don't ever think something like this will happen to you," Lindsey added. "Never in a million years did I think this would happen to my child. You do hear horror stories like this, but never think it will knock on your door. "Staff in the hospital have been amazing. One of the cleaning staff members actually gave Robyn her lunch, because she woke up and really wanted a chocolate bar.   "That is how kind they are. Those small touches, really make a difference because it has been tough. Friends, family and strangers have been reaching out and sending their love. "The doctors said she’s very lucky to be alive. Imagine this happened coming off an electric scooter or a quad, something that goes a lot faster than a push scooter.  "We just want to raise awareness to always make your kids wear a helmet. We got away lucky that this wasn’t more serious but another child might not if it happened to them. Don’t take the chance."