Do these people really think they would be there without Boris Johnson? Most of us voted for him and his values as a winner who gets things done. Our two honest deliverers of Brexit, Nigel Farage and Boris, should form a new party. What a winning ticket that would be. The brutal murder of Jamal Khashoggi was greatly suffered by his family and friends, says Frank Sterle Jr from British Columbia, Canada. However, if the free world's news media focused as much coverage and pressure upon officials to act upon our planet's greatest polluters and resulting global warming as the former do on the killing of their fellow journalist, they might initiate something truly progressive. They may compel those in power to mitigate, if not even begin to reverse, the calamitous course humankind is taking towards a resigned "new normal" of increasingly frequent future extreme weather events likely resulting in the deaths of many millions of people.  While the cost of living is rightly a big concern for many, the doom and gloomers cannot wait to drag everybody down, with a miserable Christmas for everyone predicted already, says Michael Carter from Rickmansworth, Hertfordshire. We have a long history of coping with such adversities and we will no doubt rise to the occasion again. Nick Ferrari writes correctly regarding ambulances, says Ron Deamer from High Wycombe, Buckinghamshire. I recently had to call for one, and it was the first time for many years that I had to wait 15 minutes for my call to be answered and over an hour for the ambulance to arrive. The paramedics laid the blame on the 111 service, saying as soon as 111 hear the words "chest pain", the advice is to call 999, resulting in paramedics going to non-urgent issues. Better 111 triaging would have prevented this.   It is good that there will be fewer repetitive and unnecessary PA announcements on trains, Jeff Hankin from Middleton Chaney, Northamptonshire. Perhaps the Department for Transport will now work out how to stop selfish individuals from shouting down their mobile phones for minutes on end. On one recent journey I had to listen to a full-blown "domestic", including foul language. And the women are just as bad.