Cleaning enthusiasts have shared their hacks for defrosting freezers on social media. Fans of cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, shared their suggestions on Facebook groups dedicated to cleaning. Facebook user Wayne Witney asked cleaning enthusiasts on one such group: “What is the safest way, to defrost a freezer?” Wayne’s post received lots of comments on the social media platform but the most popular response was to use a hairdryer. Tracey Hepburn Jackson said: “Unplug, hairdryer, bowls and towels.” Maxine Condron commented: “I put pots and towels in. Used a hairdryer on hot setting for few minutes then cold setting. “Then turned it off for an hour while doing that - it took a while.” READ MORE: Where does Declan Donnelly live? Inside home life of TV presenter Malc Pomeroy said: “I used a hairdryer. Nice and quick, but don't put it too close to the dripping ice.” Margaret Fielding wrote: “Hairdryer. It’s a 10-minute job.” Niamh Mulhall-Smyth suggested: “I always use a hairdryer.” Pauline Stanley agreed and said: “Hairdryer or steamer.”  DON'T MISS‘It will disappear’ Free hack to remove yellow stains from white items [INSIGHT]Homes Under the Hammer buyer makes £95k after basic £5k refurb [UPDATE]Michael Caine’s incredible life with wife Shakira [ANALYSIS] Most households have a hairdryer but for those who don’t, there are plenty of affordable options. Ultra Light Hairdryer is available from Mark Hill for £9.99. Revlon Fast & Light 2000W Hair Dryer is £13 from Tesco. TRESemme 2000 W Fast Hair Dryer costs just £14 from Amazon. Boots Essentials Travel Dryer costs £9.99. Other suggestions from Mrs Hinch fans for defrosting freezers included using a steamer, leaving the door open, using a spray and using a bowl of boiling water. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Lisa Henderson replied: “I got some spray from Amazon. Worked a treat as mine was bad.” Liz Cawleyn said: “I use a hand-held steamer with hose attachment, super quick.” Carla Rutherford wrote: “Personally, overnight with lots of towels on the floor. “Or gradually putting a bowl of boiling water in the freezer, shutting the door for 10-15 minutes and keep repeating until all the ice is defrosted.” Ritz Nì Bhrèacaìn commented: “Easiest for me is just to switch it off overnight and by the next morning it comes out in clumps of ice.”  Rachael Higginson replied: “I just leave the door open for half hour and scrape it out with a knife and then clean it. All done really quick.” Maria Mance said: “I have just done mine and always turn off and open the door. “But still do the boiling water in a pan and leave for five minutes and just keep doing that. Looks like new now.” Lynne Murray wrote: “Open the door and put towels on the floor - ones that need washing anyway are best.” Fiona Elizabeth Smart suggested: “Turn it off and open the door. It’ll defrost in a few hours.”