Brenda Blethyn and her Vera co-stars have been spotted filming in Newcastle and Northumberland for series 12 of the ITV series. Despite production for the upcoming series well underway, fans are still waiting to watch the final episodes of series 11. The first four instalments of the cop drama were spread out due to delays because of the coronavirus pandemic. However, bosses are yet to confirm when the remaining episodes will play out. Throughout filming for series 12, Brenda and her sidekick Kenny Doughty, who plays Aiden Healy, have kept fans updated with behind-the-scenes snaps. Riley Jones, who plays Mark Edwards has also shared snippets from on set. However, in his latest post, Vera director Khurrum paid a sweet tribute to the DCI Stanhope star. Along with a caption stating filming for an episode had finished, the director shared a sweet snap of the cast. READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow expert blown away by ‘rare’ World War II tool Khurrum was all smiles as he sat on the iconic Vera sofa alongside Brenda, Kenny, Riley, Jon Morrison, who plays Kenny Lockhart and Ibinabo Jack, who plays the role of Jac Williams. “And that’s a wrap. What an incredible journey,” the director penned referencing the end of an episode. “Thank you to my entire cast and crew. “And of course, a huge thank you to the legendary @BrendaBlethyn and @kennydoughty “I can’t wait to share the episode.” (sic) Brenda was quick to reply to the tweet, commenting: “A pleasure to work with you Khurrum. X” (sic) The DCI Stanhope star’s followers also shared their thoughts on the snap, with many quizzing the actress on when the new series would air. Lynn H said: “Look forward to watching the new series.” Jill wrote: “Vera is my favourite tv show…ever! More…more…more, please!” (sic) DON'T MISS...Antiques Roadshow expert in awe of gold ring found at car boot sale [VIDEO]Naga Munchetty admits concern over Lionesses Euro final [NEWS]BBC's Mike Bushell leaves guest gobsmacked after he runs off [REACTION] While Andrew Walker asked: “When does the new season air?” Fans have also been taking snaps of Brenda and her co-stars while on set. In exclusive images obtained by Express.co.uk, Kenny and Brenda were spotted filming behind the scenes. The detective looked happy as she posed for the camera in Wallsend with three adorable dogs called George, Alfie and Harley.   In another picture, the actress, who was dressed in her signature mack and hat, could be seen bending down to pet the pups. The photos come after the Aiden Healy actor confirmed the cast would be taking a "break" from filming. In view of his 27,000 followers, Kenny penned: "And that’s a wrap for a little while on Vera. "Congratulations to our amazingly hard-working & talented crew…. But especially my buddy Brenda & cast."  Vera is expected to air on ITV later this year.