Manchester United could be set to re-sign Sergio Romero this summer. And, if the Argentina international does return to Old Trafford, he’ll follow in the footsteps of Cristiano Ronaldo, Paul Pogba and Mark Hughes by coming back for a second stint. The veteran is open to returning to the Premier League, just a year after he was brutally shown the door by Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. It recently emerged that Romero was interested in a return to United. The Argentina international was previously a big hit at Old Trafford after signing back in the summer transfer window of 2015, when Louis van Gaal was manager. Despite often being stuck behind David De Gea in the pecking order, Romero was still able to make his mark. He was excellent as the club won the Europa League back in 2017, under Jose Mourinho, shining at Ajax were beaten 2-0 in the final that year. And, now, Romero is keen to move back to United in the wake of Dean Henderson’s loan move to Premier League new boys Nottingham Forest. Should the Red Devils end up taking him back, the 35-year-old would become the seventh player to rejoin the team. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez Therefore, it would put Romero in a special, elite group of individuals that also includes Pogba, Ronaldo and Hughes. Hughes previously left United for Barcelona back in the summer transfer window of 1986, rocking the Red Devils in the process. However after struggling to settle in Spain, Hughes was then on the move and ended up returning to United two years later. Pogba quit the club on a free transfer back in 2012, like the France international has done again this year. But United brought him back in 2016, paying a world-record fee of £89million to ensure they beat Real Madrid to the player’s signature. Just last summer, Ronaldo looked set to do the unthinkable by choosing to join Pep Guardiola’s Manchester City. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen But United then acted with speed and urgency to land the 37-year-old, who would go on to score 24 goals across all competitions last term. A year ago, the Red Devils also brought Tom Heaton back with the veteran arriving to provide competition for De Gea and Dean Henderson at Carrington. And Mark Bosnich and Les Sealey have also had two stints at United, too. You could even, at a push, include Paul Scholes in the group as well. The United legend hung up his boots in 2011, shortly after the club’s Champions League final defeat to Barcelona at Wembley. But he was convinced into re-signing for United just a few months later, with Sir Alex Ferguson struggling to replace the midfielder at the time. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team Scholes penned a short-term contract with the Red Devils in January 2012 and nearly fired them to title glory that same year. Ultimately, they missed out with City claiming the prize after Sergio Aguero’s dramatic winner against Queens Park Rangers. Yet Scholes would play a key role as United got their revenge the following year, cruising to victory in Ferguson’s final match in charge. Whether Romero joins this small group of players remains to be seen. But United certainly need a new shot-stopper and the veteran, as an experienced winner, could be one way to go. In 2019, Romero opened up on his love of United and explained he’d always be happy to represent the club. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “When you get the chance to play for the greatest club in the world, and the chance to wear this shirt, it’s almost like fulfilling a dream - a dream coming true,” he said. “So it’s something you’re not going to turn down. “When I got the chance to come to Manchester United, it wasn’t that I accepted that I was only going to play just a few games. “It’s not your intention to be second choice and, when [Louis] van Gaal gave me the opportunity, I grabbed it. “I want to stay here as long as I possibly can. If I was playing more regularly and featuring in more games, I would be the happiest goalkeeper and person in the world. “But the fact that I’m still playing the odd game here and there, I’m still very happy with my situation because I’m at a great club which I want to stay at.”