Manchester United star Bruno Fernandes has opened up on Cristiano Ronaldo amid the uncertainty over the 37-year-old’s future. The former Juventus and Real Madrid star wants to leave Old Trafford for a second time due to their failure to qualify for the Champions League last term. But, right now, there’s no indication he’ll get his wish. Manchester United were rocked when it emerged Ronaldo wanted to leave. They have been planning for the upcoming season with the veteran in their plans, something Erik ten Hag has now hammered home on numerous occasions. Ronaldo wants to play in the Champions League, a tournament he’s won five times throughout his glittering career so far. And Fernandes, speaking to The Mirror, has now opened up on his compatriot - revealing he asked Ronaldo about his family when it became clear he’d be missing the club’s pre-season tour for personal reasons. “Obviously we have to respect the decision of everyone,” said Fernandes. “I don't know what Cristiano said to the club, to the manager, I don't know what he's going into his head, but we have to respect his space. Man Utd transfers: Barcelona draw up De Jong punishment plan “From everything we know, he had some family problems, so we have to respect his space, give him some space and that's it. “Cristiano was our top scorer last season, he added goals to us, but obviously it's not on me, it's the club that has to make the choices and Cristiano makes his own choice. “As I said, I don't know what's going on in his head, if he wants to leave, it’s all news, I didn't ask them that. “The only thing I asked Cristiano, when he didn't turn up, was if everything was okay with the family, he told me what was going on, that's it and nothing more.” Fernandes’ comments have dropped just a day after he appeared to hint United were better off without Ronaldo. Jadon Sancho, Anthony Martial and Marcus Rashford have all impressed during pre-season tour so far. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd have already signed two perfect players for De Jong And Fernandes, speaking after United beat Crystal Palace 3-1 in Australia, said: "The three guys up front [Jadon Sancho, Marcus Rashford and Martial] are really aggressive in the press. "When they press they make the last line squeeze, and makes the midfield come a little bit higher.” Regarding Ronaldo, his options appear to be running out. Chelsea were linked but Thomas Tuchel, having landed Raheem Sterling so far, isn’t interested in snapping up the United star as well. Bayern Munich have also distanced themselves from talk of a deal, despite losing Robert Lewandowski. Real Madrid and Barcelona have no interest, while Ronaldo returning to Juventus looks impossible. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. And while Roma have been linked as well, their lack of Champions League football would likely count against them. Piers Morgan, meanwhile, has claimed he’s spoken with Ronaldo about his United future. And he’s claimed the Portugal international has already ‘mentally switched off’ from the Red Devils amid his desire to go. “I have had quite a lot of contact in the last week. I certainly think it’d be highly unlikely if Cristiano Ronaldo plays another game for Manchester United,” he said. “I just think mentally he’s moved on. “I’m not going to say what we’ve said to each other but like I said from the start I don’t think Cristiano feels Manchester United share his ambitions. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “I think he feels that the signings they’re making, the commitment they showed last season, where they finished up and a lack of Champions League football… “If you’re him and coming towards the end of your career and you still want to win major trophies you’ve got to make a calculation. Am I going to do it if I stay at United? “I think he feels the club structure from the top down isn’t right. It’s not a reflection on the new manager [Erik ten Hag], he’s got a lot of respect for him, but it’s just an accurate reflection of where United are right now. “It’s for him to say what he feels but if you’re asking me then I don’t think he’s going to stay at Manchester United. “I think he could end up somewhere quite surprising.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here