More than 3.5 million women are thought to have been affected by state pension age changes, which meant working up to six years longer than expected. Campaign groups such as Women Against State Pension Inequality (WASPI) have drawn attention to the women, mostly born in the 1950s, who have been affected. However, they are now calling for the remaining candidates for Prime Minister, Mr Sunak and Ms Truss, to state their position on the issues WASPI has raised. Debbie de Spon, Communications Director at WASPI, took to Twitter, and wrote: “Many WASPI women are asking where do Liz Truss and Rishi Sunak stand on the WASPI issue? “Who knows? Neither of them have engaged with us? 3.6million women want to know.” Several other women also expressed their desire for clarity on the matter and their continued frustrations. READ MORE: Barclays issues warning as Britons lose £1.5million to vicious scam @AngelScotKira wrote: “I am a 1950s woman who has been consistently ignored by Governments who refuse to listen to our grievances. “There are 3.6million of us and we all have a vote. If you think we will support more of the same you are very, very wrong.” While @Chrissegynwa stated: “Don’t think any politician will commit.” WASPI women are still awaiting a decision from the Parliamentary and Health Service Ombudsman on whether compensation is appropriate for those impacted by state pension age changes. DON'T MISSPension age changes go ahead - and they could impact your retirement [INSIGHT]Lloyds Bank alerts Britons to WhatsApp scam message [UPDATE]State pension age is set to rise to 68 - when will you retire? [LATEST] This is following a ruling by the PHSO last year which said the DWP was guilty of “maladministration”, failing to act promptly enough to inform women of changes to their state pension age. Angela Madden, Chair of WASPI, told Express.co.uk: “Ministers have been missing in action, hiding behind further investigations by the PHSO to delay bringing this issue to a resolution. “Our research shows that one woman is dying every 14 minutes waiting for the Government to act. “We want to see leadership candidates commit to meeting us as soon as they are in office, and to instructing the DWP to begin discussions with us about a fast, fair compensation scheme for all the women whose retirement plans were devastated by the DWP’s mistakes.” READ MORE: Pensioners may be able to get state pension top up plus £650 boost WASPI women assert they have been financially and socially impacted by the lack of notice regarding the state pension age. They do not believe the state pension age should return to 60. The group believes in equalisation, but not in the way in which changes were communicated to women. Meanwhile, the contest for the Tory leadership is continuing to heat up, and Mr Sunak and Ms Truss will go head to head this evening in a televised BBC debate. The pair are expected to discuss several key political issues, namely the cost of living crisis which continues to affect millions of people. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Express.co.uk has contacted the offices of Rishi Sunak and Liz Truss for comment. Previously commenting on the state pension age change issue, the DWP said: “The Government decided over 25 years ago that it was going to make the state pension age the same for men and women as a long-overdue move towards gender equality. “Both the High Court and Court of Appeal have supported the actions of the DWP, under successive governments dating back to 1995, and the Supreme Court refused the claimants permission to appeal.”