Prince George complained about feeling "too hot" almost immediately after arriving at Wimbledon for the tennis final. Prince William was filmed telling his son that "it'll be fine," prompting a backlash on social media. However, Sky News Australia host Peta Credlin lashed out at the criticism, saying that William was right to prepare his son with "a bit of tough love". She said: "Poor old Prince William has been hit with backlash after telling his eight-year-old son Prince George to endure the heat during the Wimbledon. "He was wearing a suit and a tie as is required in the Royal box. “The Twitterati went nuts when George complained about being hot. "I mean it was only 28C but still, he complained it was hot and dad looks at his son and sort of says ‘suck it up’.” JUST IN: Prince Harry 'fed up being the spare' as Duke reclaims 'power'  She backed the Duke of Cambridge's attitude toward his oldest son. Ms Credlin continued: "I think a bit of tough love from Prince William to Prince George, given his kid will have the world at his feet in the future, I wasn't upset to see it. A Sky News Australia pundit Teena McQueen agreed, adding: "I wasn't upset at all. Children need discipline. "A lot of kids nowadays whinge about anything so some tough love is needed. "Good on Prince William, I think he is producing a really decent heir."  The filmed interaction that sparked the backlash saw the eight-year-old future king telling his father the Duke of Cambridge he was “too hot” as temperatures soared to 28C. William replied: “Oh you’re hot, are you? It’s very warm today. It’ll be fine.” His mother, Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge, also told him to avoid sitting “in the bright sunshine” and added they are “often in the shade”. Australian royal writer Daniela Elser echoed her Sky News compatriots and said the moment proved Prince George’s childhood was over and reminded him that he was in fact working as he “learns the ropes of his future grown-up job”. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: 'Explosive truth bombs' Prince Harry poised to p... [LIVE BLOG]Prince Harry 'fed up being the spare' as Duke reclaims 'power' [VIDEO]POLL: Who do you want to win Tory leadership contest? VOTE NOW [POLL]  She wrote: “The expectation was obvious: Maintaining a suitably polished image while on the job trumped whatever discomfort he might have been. "Because let’s make no bones about this: George going to Wimbledon might have been a jolly (or a 'treat' as Kate put it) for the boy but it was also very much work.” However, some viewers disagreed and took to Twitter to vent their frustration. User @AnjuChandel_ said: “Next year onwards, please let little George dress in informal sporty clothes and enjoy #Wimbledon like a child.” User @carolineplayle added: “It’s totally ridiculous that Prince George was made to wear a suit and tie to Wimbledon - even more so in this blistering heat." READ NEXT: Princess Charlotte and Prince George facing 'daunting concept'Royal Family LIVE: 'Explosive truth bombs' Prince Harry poised to p...Prince Harry 'fed up being the spare' as Duke reclaims 'power'Queen quashes health fears as she makes surprise hospice visitArchie Harrison's heartmelting way to call Meghan Markle and Harry 