It comes as the 49-year-old is set to return to the big screen after an eight-year hiatus, preparing to star alongside Jamie Foxx in the aptly named comedy, Back In Action. Casting her mind back to the early days of her career, the actress was a struggling model in Paris, where she claimed she may have worked as a "mule carrying drugs to Morocco". Speaking on podcast Second Life, Cameron explained that she had gathered enough money to move to Paris and pursue modelling - but hadn't had any luck finding jobs there. She explained to podcast host Hillary Kerr: "I was there a full year and didn’t work one day. I couldn’t book a job to save my life. "Then I got one job but, really, I think I was a mule carrying drugs to Morocco — I swear to God." Cameron claimed that she wasn't aware that she was carrying illegal substances until arriving at the airport, and began to panic upon realising. READ MORE: Michael Douglas, 77, looks sprightly while enjoying British Grand Prix Continuing: "This was the early Nineties and they gave me a locked suitcase that had my 'costumes' in it. "I’m this blonde-haired, blue-eyed girl in Morocco. "I’m ­wearing torn jeans and platform boots, with my hair down — this is really unsafe. I told them, 'I don’t know, it’s not mine, I’ve no idea whose it is'. That was the only job I got in Paris." Avoiding at least a ten-year drug trafficking jail sentence, Cameron left the suitcase with officials as she returned back to France, citing that as the first and last job she had in Paris. Since then, the actress has had leading roles in blockbusters such as The Holiday, What Happens in Vegas and Charlie's Angels. But, in 2014, Cameron decided to step away from acting and settle into family life with her husband Benji Maddox and daughter Raddix. Admitting she had been "convinced out of retirement" by Jamie Foxx and Tom Brady, she is set to return to the big screen alongside the actors in the upcoming film Back In Action. Following her movie announcement last week, Cameron quipped: "Jamie Foxx, only you could get me back in action!!! I can't frickin wait it's gonna be a blast!" DONT MISS:Gordon Ramsay's co-star Fred Sirieix on savage chef offscreen (PHOTOS)John Cleese blasts 'cowardly' BBC over Putin (NEWS)Fred Siriex spills on vomiting during 'intense' training sessions (LATEST)