Ian Poulter has received a hostile welcome at this week's Open Championship as fans make their feelings known about his move to the LIV tour. Poulter was the first of the 24 players who have signed up to the controversial Saudi-backed series to tee off on Thursday and a handful of spectators could be heard booing as the majority applauded. Speaking later in the day, Poulter addressed the boos, saying he didn't hear them. He said: “Didn’t hear one. I actually thought I had a great reception on the first tee, to be honest. All I heard was clapping. “I thought there was a couple of thousand (spectators) on the tee. So they obviously drowned out the one.” Poulter has been accused of "turning his back" on the PGA tour by fellow golfer Tiger Woods. The Briton has had his fair share of run-ins with the organisation, including a bizarre row in 2014. Ted Bishop, then the president of the PGA of America, called Poulter a "little girl" after he had criticised Nick Faldo and Tom Watson as Ryder Cup captains. Faldo was captain of the European team that lost the Ryder Cup in 2008, while Watson was captain of the USA team that lost in 2014. Bishop responded to Poulter, saying: “Faldo’s record stands by itself. Six majors and all-time RC (Ryder Cup) points. Yours vs. His? Lil Girl.” In a separate post on his Facebook page, Bishop lamented that athletes who had “lesser records or accomplishments in a sport never criticised the icons.” He added: “Really? Sounds like a little school girl squealing during recess. C’MON MAN!” In response, Poulter told Golf Channel: “Is being called a “lil girl” meant to be derogatory or a put down? That’s pretty shocking and disappointing, especially coming from the leader of the PGA of America. No further comment.” Bishop later removed his post because he realised "it was inappropriate", the PGA of America said. READ MORE: Tiger Woods' bitter feud with 'annoying' Ian Poulter: 'D***'  Speaking to the Associated Press, Bishop added: “Obviously I could have selected some different ways to express my thoughts on Poulter’s remarks. "Golf had always been a sport where respect was shown to its icons. That seems to have gone by the wayside.” Poulter has also expressed sadness this week as he addressed the criticism he has faced over his decision to join the LIV tour. He told The Independent that has had to stop checking the comments on his social media in recent weeks due to the abuse he has received. Poulter said: “There’s been an awful lot of unpleasant remarks from the times when I have looked at it and it’s not very nice. DON'T MISSSaudi League to stay as defiant Norman starts to tempt' big names [INSIGHT]Saudi golf super league rekindled as star names plotted to join [ANALYSIS]Tiger Woods fury after Masters ace 'disliked' rival Ian Poulter [INSIGHT] "People threatening you is not a nice position to be in, hence why I haven’t been looking an awful lot at it.” Fellow professionals have also criticised Poulter and the other pros who have joined the Saudi-backed series. Rory McIlroy said last week that Poulter has fuelled "resentment." He also told the BBC : “I think at this stage, if you've gone over to play on another tour then go and play on that tour. “You've basically left all your peers behind to make more money, which is fine. But just stay over there. Don't try to come back and play over here again. "The whole cake-and-eat-it type of attitude is what the resentment stems from within the PGA Tour and DP World Tour membership. That's the tricky part."