Manchester United are expected to ‘imminently’ announce the signing of defender Lisandro Martinez from Ajax after the Red Devils confirmed the free transfer arrival of Christian Eriksen on Friday. United have agreed a deal with the Dutch side for Martinez as Erik ten Hag’s summer plans finally begin to take shape. New boss Ten Hag has been keen to raid his former club for players with whom he is familiar to ensure a seamless transition to life at Old Trafford. Left-sided defender Martinez has been a top target ever since the Dutchman’s appointment was confirmed in May. Reaching an agreement with Ajax has proved a struggle, though, with the Eredivisie side keen to prevent their best players from joining Ten Hag at United. The Amsterdam outfit remained firm that it would take exceptional bids being made to force them to part ways with the likes of Martinez and Brazilian winger Antony. But United appear to have now reached a breakthrough in their pursuit of the Argentine defender, who starred as Ajax won the Dutch league title last season. An announcement over a deal is apparently ‘imminent’. JUST IN: Man Utd 4-1 Melbourne Victory: Five things we learned from win That is according to Sky Sports, who claim that a £45million deal has been concluded. Martinez will become Ten Hag’s third summer signing after Eriksen and the 22-year-old left-back Tyrell Malacia. United confirmed the arrival of Eriksen on Friday after the playmaker underwent extensive medical checks due to the implantable cardioverter-defibrillator he now has following his cardiac arrest at Euro 2020. The 30-year-old briefly trained under Ten Hag at Ajax while he looked for a new club after terminating his contract with Inter Milan last year. “Manchester United is a special club, and I cannot wait to get started. I have had the privilege of playing at Old Trafford many times but to do it in the red shirt of United will be an amazing feeling,” Eriksen said. DON'T MISS...Man Utd’s four best players as Ten Hag secures Melbourne Victory winNewcastle given Ronaldo transfer advice as Chelsea pass on United starMan Utd ‘prepared to start season without De Jong’ after Ronaldo call “I have seen Erik’s work at Ajax and know the level of detail and preparation that he and his staff put into every day. It is clear that he is a fantastic coach. “Having spoken with him and learned more about his vision and the way he wants the team to play, I am even more excited for the future. I still have major ambitions in the game, there is a huge amount that I know I can achieve, and this is the perfect place to continue my journey.” United remain hopeful of concluding a transfer for Barcelona midfielder Frenkie de Jong. The La Liga outfit have reportedly told the midfielder he needs to leave so they can balance their wage bill, having agreed a £75m deal with the Red Devils. 