Aries (Mar21/Apr20) Taurus (Apr21/May21) You will do well in jobs and assignments that require an air of calm professionalism. There's an air of dignity about your thinking and your way of doing things. This inner certainty of what is and what is not the done thing will turn out to be of use to a close friend as well as yourself. Gemini (May22/June21) Expect positive results from your hard-working efforts. Promotion is a possibility, providing you don't let your success go to your head. You don't need to sing your own praises to receive the rewards coming to you in mid-July. Just relax and let things happen. Cancer (June22/July23) Your creative and imaginative talents are at their peak. Sharing your interests will be rewarding as you inspire others to try new skills and abilities. This is a great time to showcase your talent. Discussions mid-week will be important and will have something to do with plans for the future. READ MORE: Zodiac: Best holiday destination for each star sign Leo (July24/Aug23) A glorious sense of harmony and togetherness surrounds friendships, partnerships and work relationships. You can add to this even more by letting routine chores stand for a while whenever possible. If someone special suggests doing something different, don't think twice about taking them up on their offer. Virgo (Aug24/Sept23) Activities with your family and friends look set to offer plenty of pleasure. You might suddenly be taken with the idea of visiting someone who lives abroad but even friends living close by will provide lots in the way of entertainment.  Libra (Sept24/Oct23) A friend who has been distant and awkward with you lately will reveal what has been getting under their skin. Whatever the situation, be willing to talk. The end of the week is a good time to get closer to those you care about or have cared about. Scorpio (Oct24/Nov22) Friends who were too busy to keep you company earlier in July will more than makeup for it now. Even if you hadn't planned to spend as much time socialising, this wouldn't stop people from beating a path to your door. READ MORE: Horoscope: Zodiac signs most likely to become billionaires named Sagittarius (Nov23/Dec21) There is good news and bad news when it comes to friendships and work relationships. Someone will pull out of commitments they have been involved in for some time. This will leave a hole in your own agenda and some sadness. Capricorn (Dec22/Jan20) You always value the practical in life. Your family are grateful for your ability to find ways and means of getting a good deal from money transactions. It will be work carried out behind the scenes that see you at your most productive. Aquarius (Jan21/Feb19) A workmate who has an eye for detail will give you constructive criticism. You appreciate their help, but you can also see how they could improve their own work. It is unlikely they will want to listen. Nearsighted people can only see things close up. Pisces (Feb20/Mar20) Someone has come to depend a lot on you lately. You may have to think carefully about how you want this relationship to continue. It may be time to encourage a friend or neighbour to stand on their own two feet.