The bodies of Lula Schmidt and her parents Sarah and Tyler, 42, were uncovered in Maquoketa Caves State Park by local law enforcement after being notified in the early hours of Friday morning (around noon in the UK). A nine-year-old son, Arlo, survived the attack and is now being cared for. A GoFundMe page for him has been set up, and by this morning (Monday) had already received over $171,000 (£142,000) in donations. The Iowa Department of Public Safety said in a statement that officers suspected that Anthony Sherwin, 23, may have committed the triple homicide. His body was also later found in the park, and appeared to have suffered a self-inflicted gunshot wound. After the alarm was raised, police from the Jackson County Sheriff's Office located the three bodies, before finding that one camper had not been accounted for. READ MORE: Two Iowa police officers killed in ambush shooting in Des Moines Following a search of the park, officers uncovered the body of Sherwin, to the west of the park. Mitch Mortvedt, assistant director with the Iowa Division of Criminal Investigation, told the Des Moines Register that his body had been found “some distance from the campsite but still in the park”. Authorities confirmed that the suspected shooter came from La Vista, Nebraska, and he is believed to have no prior criminal record. They said they believed there was no ongoing danger to the public. Sherwin’s parents, Joseph and Cecilia, told the local paper they had been in Maquoketa Caves with their son on Friday and questioned investigator’s suspicions about their son. They asked why he would “throw everything away when he was looking forward to going home”. Iowa’s State Medical Examiner will conduct the autopsies of the three victims and Sherwin – with the findings to be released on completion. Local police thanked the public for their help and “their concern for the Schmidt family”. Maquoketa Caves remains closed to the public as an active crime scene, and is expected to do so until at least Thursday. Kayla Lyon, director of the Iowa Department of Natural Resources, said the “long-standing tradition of enjoying Iowa’s natural wonders” had been “shaken” by the tragic event. DON'T MISS:Tory leadership polls: Who is the favourite right now? [INSIGHT]Liz Truss campaign run by hardline Remainers, claims Brexit architect [UPDATE]Sunak dubbed 'snake and back-stabber' in astonishing attack [REACTION] The park sits to the west of the state, near the Mississippi river border with Illinois – approximately a two-hour drive from Cedar Falls, where the family lived. The city, which lies on the outskirts of Waterloo, was rocked by the deaths of the Schmidt family. There, Mayor Rob Green wrote that earlier in the week he had been working with mum Sarah on a project, as she worked at the local library. He said he “knew Sarah well” and was “devastated” by the news. Mr Green said the family “were regular walkers here in the Sartori Park neighbourhood”, and asked for others to allow those who knew the family to offer “extra grace” as they “try to process this horrible tragedy”. The Cedar Falls Library was closed on the weekend so staff could mourn Sarah’s loss. The Mayor’s public comments inspired an outpouring of shock and sympathy from Cedar Falls residents. The organiser of the GoFundMe page for Arlo – who identified themselves as Ms Schmidt’s cousin – said he was a “strong boy” who was now “surrounded by family and friends who are supporting him as best we can”. They described the shooting as “a senseless act of violence during a family vacation”, and pledged that any donations would be put into a trust in the boy’s name.