The Duke and Duchess of York are now divorced, but they got married in a lavish ceremony at Westminster Abbey in 1986. The anniversary of their wedding fell this weekend, on July 23. The pair have two children together, Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie. Sarah’s wedding dress was a sight to behold. Made by designer Lindka Cierach, it was an ivory silk gown featuring a scoop neckline and a 17-foot-long train. The dress was embellished with many motifs, including bumbles and thistles, to reflect the Duchess of York’s family’s coat of arms. The train also featured a stitched “A” for Andrew – a subtle nod to Sarah’s husband-to-be. READ MORE: Kate Middleton's go-to exercise to stay slim is 'most wallet-friendly' The veil was kept in place with a floral headband adorned with white and yellow flowers. This head piece was later removed to reveal a beautiful tiara, designed by Garrard and featuring delicate floral scrollwork. After the couple said “I do”, they proceeded through the crowds of London in a horse-drawn carriage, arriving at Buckingham Palace where thousands of well-wishers were waiting for them to kiss on the balcony. A traditional post-marriage smooch was had before the party enjoyed a wedding breakfast at the Palace. DON'T MISS: Keep tomatoes perfectly ripe with easy food storage hack [GUIDE]Japanese knotweed warning: Heatwave creates ideal conditions for weed [COMMENT]Lose 8lb in a month with new diet hailed better that Mediterranean [EXPERT] The evening party was held at Claridge’s Hotel and, later, the happy couple travelled to Heathrow Airport to embark on their honeymoon. As Sarah headed to the airport to catch her and Andrew’s flight to the Azores, the Duchess was spotted in a completely different outfit to her wedding dress. This was her lesser-known second outfit of the day, which was a stylish blue and white floral co-ord. This comprised of a short-sleeved peplum jacket with a nipped-in waist and a pleated ankle-length skirt. Sarah accessorised her look with white heels and a matching bouquet. She also wore a watch and stud earrings with tiny pendants. Meanwhile, Andrew wore a classic black suit and a white shirt. He too had changed from his wedding attire, which was a black military uniform. It is unknown who the designer of Sarah’s pretty co-ord was, or how much it cost, but her wedding dress retailed for a huge £35,000, according to reports. Sarah and Andrew split in 1992, before divorcing in 1996. However, the pair has remained friends since and reportedly still live together at the Royal Lodge in Windsor.